 Jim, I am not sure who handled the operating permits.  I think that type of stuff was usually handled by someone in the gas pipeline group. 
 Cindy,  Attached is the revised confirm with my changes redlined.  Let me know if this covers Nelson's concerns. 
 Please see attached.  Thanks in advance. 
 Sorry to bug you, but I have one more. 
 Kay,  Please see the attached.  I also forwarded a Data sheet earlier on Marathon Oil.  Have you had a chance to review yet? 
 Please see attached.  Thanks. 
  Kay, Please see attached. 
 Kay,  Please see attached. 
 Kay,  Please see attached. 
 Kay,  Please see the attached. 
 Sorry about the delay.  I have just been covered up.  Here it is. 
 Rudwell,  Attached is the executable form of the guaranty.  Please fill in the Cargill information and forward to Bridgeline for execution.  Also, I didn't know what the effective date should be.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Enfolio Master for the Ocean transaction.  The redline reflects the changes from the original draft.  Also attached is a clean version of the Transaction Agreement.  Please review and if acceptable, please forward to Ocean for their review. 
 Jeff,  Attached is the redline from your earlier revisions. 
 Jeff,  Shane Lakho is currently preparing several TPA for Enron Energy Services and another EES entity.  I know that portions of EES are rolling into wholesale.  Should we be initialing for EES?  The agreements are Enron's standard TPA form so there shouldn't be any issues. 
 Russell,  The data you requested last week concerning the motor is as follows:  1.  Full Load MVA rating:  11.4 for each unit 2.  Across the line starting MVA:  43.8 for each unit 3.  Input Voltage:  12 KVA 
 Hey Walter,  Thanks for stopping and leaving the note.  I'm glad I got to know you at the happy hours.  We will have to schedule another Gallant Knight evening sometime soon.  Good luck to you as well.  Take care. 
 I was in Austin for most of the weekend.  A friend of mine was supposed to have a boat party on Lake Travis Friday night, but that was cancelled due to the rain.  We just went out on 4th Street instead.  Went to the game Sat. night.  We won so that was good.  How was the girls road trip? 
  I am fine with the change.  Mary, please prepare executables and make the change in the NUI document as well. 
 GT,  I will have an extra ticket for the game this weekend.  My friend who was going to go back out.  It is yours if you want to use it.  Let me know. 
    GT,  I will have an extra ticket for the game this weekend.  My friend who was going to go back out.  It is yours if you want to use it.  Let me know. 
  The contracts for the notice letters. 
 Rudwell,  Attached is a redline of the guaranty with my comments.  Specifically they are:  1.  I am OK with including reasonable attorney fees, but they must be included in the $2.5 million dollar cap. 2.  The use of subtantially in Paragraph 2 seems redundant.  The notice requires reasonable detail.  To add subtantial compliance on top of that is redundant.  I am OK with the other changes.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Sounds like I need to take gambling lessons from you.  I consistently lose money when I gamble.  Do you have Tristan's email address?  Wanted to see if we could hook up in Austin for some Longhorn celebration. 
 FYI 
 Rudwell,  Attached is the guaranty with my comments redlined.  Please review and forward.  If you have any questions, please call me at x-33512. 
 Attached is the Burlington guaranty with my comments.  I was unable to redline the doc.  Computer problems.  I am forwarding the clean version.  Hopefully Burlington can redline against the draft they sent. 
 Ned,  I am fine with all of their changes.  Attached is a clean version reflects their changes.  Ask them to print out two copies and execute. 
 Frank,  Attached for your review is a draft of the settlement agreement we discussed. 
 Attached is the letter.  The address information and Unocal's full name need to be inserted and then print two copies on ENA letterhead for execution. 
 I have reviewed the term sheet and I am fine with the form.  I did spot a potential issue with the Transport piece of the proposal.  If ENA holds transport on NNG, it cannot simply sell use of that capacity to Unocal.  The shipper of record with NNG needs to hold title to the gas that is being transported.  For Unocal to utilize this capacity, they would need to either directly contract with NNG for such capacity, or ENA would acquire the capacity then "Capacity Release" the capacity to Unocal.  The Capacity Release would be subject to NNG bulletin board posting requirements.    Let me know if you want to discuss further. 
 Frank,  Attached is the letter with the revised Section 2.  I also added some language to the beginning of Section 5 to make it clear how that Section operates with Section 2. 
 David,  Attached is the document with the insurance mark-ups that I noted on my voice mail.  Please review and lets discuss. 
 Extension of Kennedy Wyoming Gas Purchase. FYI 
 Frank, I made a few tweaks.  Please review. 
 Gary,  Can you give me a scope of the issues we need to address in this CA.  Thanks. 
 Attached is the some of amendment info we discussed last week.  Looks like they want to get this out this week. 
 It will be in 38C1 beginning at 11 am CT tommorrow. 
 Per Gary Bryan's request, attached is a Confidentiality Agreement form for your review. 
 Mary,  Can you prepare CA for the following entities.  Black Diamond should be bi-lateral and Shell needs to be unilateral (i.e. only protects us).  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Shane,  After reviewing the Mojave TPA, I contacted Carlos Pena with El Paso to discuss.  He agreed that Section 3.2(B) can be stricken.  He also agreed that the Sentence In Section & on Page 10 which reads "Text from here to the end of item 7 has been inserted by Enron North America Corp." is a note which should be stricken.  Also for consistency sake, Section 3.2(B) in the main body of the agreement should not be stricken.  Exhibit A overrides this Section so the strike is not necessary in the main body of the Agreement.  Lastly,  the full legal name "Enron North America Corp." should be inserted in the agreement.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 New deal being negotiated. 
 Attached is the form of GTC Wellhead for use in the Torch Energy transaction. 
 Rakhi,  Attached is the letter with my revisions.  I would have Mr. Neyman sign the letter.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Our insurance contact is David Marshall.  His phone number is 713 853-6847. 
 Judy,  I added the language for the payment by wire transfer in Section 6. 
 Attached is your proposed language with my comments redlined.  Please review.  I would be happy to discuss.  I can be reached at (713) 853-3512. 
 FYI,  We have one more outstanding issue.  I have given them our insurance expert (David Marshall) name so they can discuss their insurance comments directly. 
   Phil,  Can you send Tyrell the schedule that is to be attached as Appendix A? 
 Attached are the revisions I sent to John. 
 FYI,  New Huber deal being negotiated. 
 Debra,  Could you resend to Enfolio Spot Master to Mark?  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached is the revised Keep Whole Language.  I assume this language would completely replace the Variance langauge that we currently insert in our GTCs and any Replacement Price Differential Language in our Pooling Point and Wellhead GTCs.  I.e. this will be the only measure of damages for these deals.  If this is not correct, let's discuss.  Ellen,  This language would be the same language use for the W&T Offshore and Spinaker deals.  Is this correct Nelson?  Please review before sending out to make sure I have correctly captured your business deal. 
 Attached are the Cascade Documents redlined with my changes.  Please review and let's discuss further before forward by to Cascade.  Some items to note:  1.  As we discussed before, the non-compete provision must be approved through the proper channels at Enron.  The current Enron Corp. policy requires approvals by: 1.  The President (or equivalent) of Enron North America Corp. 2.  General Counsel of ENA (Mark Haedicke) 3.  Executive VP, Corp. Development of Enron Corp. 4.  Anyone else that ENA requires to approve these non-compete agreements.  2.  We need to scrub how this will fit with EES' business in this area.  I tried to narrow the non-compete provisions as much as possible.  Let's discuss. 
 Hi Mom,  I am doing fine.  Sorry I haven't responded earlier.  Glad to hear that ya'll are back safe and sound.  I am staying busy with the usual stuff.  Talked to Sharon last week.  It sounds like she is getting really close to the time.  Another grandchild.  Are ya'll going up to Dallas shortly after the birth? 
 Rusty, Per Nick's request, attached is the form of professional services agreement we have used for Enron North America. 
 Max,  Please see attached redline from Colorado Springs.  They revised the Collateral limits in Section 4.5.  Let me know your thoughts. 
 My username is P00502719 and password is 14369477. 
 I will put in on my calendar. 
 Andy,  I have a few comments.  Attached is a redline. 
 Ken,  Attached is your document with my comments. 
 fyi 
 Attached is the term sheet with my revisions.  Please review. 
 Hey GT,  When are you coming to H-town? 
 Attached for review are the draft template GTC and Confirm forms for the monthly wellhead and pooling point purchase business of ENA Upstream.  Please review and provide any comments you may have as soon as possible.  We would like to implement these templates for October business going forward.  Judy,  We need to discuss how the "Keep Whole" language used for the torch deal, should be incorporated into these forms for those deals with the negotiated Keep Whole.  Ellen, has scheduled a meeting for Thursday to discuss. 
 It was very nice running into you also.  Banker, smanker.  G works hard for the money, so you had better treat him right.  What do you have going on this week?  Thurs. or Fri. after work would work.  (That sounds weird) 
 Attached is the precedent agreement with changes redlined.  I scanned their hardcopy.  I added that same outs that were included in the Momentum agreements, but I left the dates blank.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Let's discuss on Thursday. 
 Attached is the form of amendment to guaranty for Tractebel.  Do you know the $$ limits for signing authority for Bridgeline.  I.e. when do the management member have to sign a guaranty as opposed to Randy Curry? 
 FYI 
 I actually found a copy yesterday and forwarded to Keith for him to review.  I think we either want a cashier check or a wire transfer.  Do we have a legal description for these tracts to use in the sale documents?  We will need to have one to finalize the documents. 
 Keith,  Please note the following changes for the Napoleonville warehouse s= ale docs.  I will call you to discuss further issue to getting this finaliz= ed. 
 John, The meeting is tomorrow at 2:00 in 30C2 
 Max,  The agreement calls for them to provide to ENA certification that they have set aside special funds to meet their payment obligations to ENA under this agreement.  A letter from the mayor or city manager indicating such budget approvals are sufficient.  To the extent they don't provide this, an Early Termination event occurs.  We can still call for collateral in accordance with Section 4.5 if they don't meet the thresholds.  The item added in your Sentence #1 below does concern me.  This seems to be a floated revenue system and I am not sure how we get comfortable that the revenues will be there.  I need to review these additions with Colorado Springs, because it is not clear to me how they think such provisions operate in the context of the existing language concerning the budget certification requirements.  We probably need to get on a conference call with them.  I am probably OK with the arbitration provision, depending on how the other items turn out.  Tyrell,  do you want to set something up a call with Marcus and his attorney to discuss these issues? 
 Thanks for your help on this! 
 I am fine with this form. 
 After this hearing staff makes a recommendation to the commission.  The commission decision should be issued in late Oct. or early Nov. 
 Ned,  Attached is the revised  CSI CA based on our discussion.  The non-compete provision is removed.  As we discussed they would still be obligated to not use our Confidential Information for any purpose other than to evaluate a transaction with ECS.  However, they could still pitch a proposal not utilize our Confidential Information. 
 Rude Dog,  How is it going?  Enjoying every moment of marital bliss!!  Must be weird to be a student again and have to do all that studying and drink all that beer.  The Horns are looking pretty good.  The defense has really been spectacular as well as special teams.  The offense is sputtering right now, but I think they will get back on track.  I am going to the UH game this weekend.  We had better put a whipping on them. But with Texas you never know.  Gone to any Michigan games yet? 
 Judy,  Attached are the Torch Docs redlined with my changes.  I also changed some the the title on Exhibit A. 
 Max,  Tyrell is attempting to set up a conference call with these guys for Monday afternoon.  He will get back to us with the details. 
 Rude-Dog, Enron is still treating me like a baby treats a diaper!  Just kidding.  Things are going fairly well and have gotten pretty busy within the last couple of weeks.  Still trying to recharge the girlfriend pipeline on the weekends.  Kinda of in a dry spell right now.  Oh well at least my life isn't complicated.  Glad to hear things are going well for you.  Yes the days of surfing Longhorn boards for 3 to 4 hours a day are over.  I am really getting comfortable with our DTs actually.  Maurice Gordon, even though undersized has wreaked a lot of havoc. He crushed Curry in the endzone for the safety.  Sounds likes Tubbs is picking up the double teams (ala Casey Hampton) which allows Gordon more room to work.  He is very quick and can get to the backfield quickly.  Mark my words, Derrick Johnson is our best linebacker Now!!!  Watching him against NC was a joy.  He toys with the lineman and makes them look silly when he jukes and blows past them.    The guy needs to be starting now.  I know he has only played two games, but I haven't seen a more talented linebacker play at UT since I began watching Longhorn football.  The game against UH is national on ESPN2, I believe.  You should be able to catch it.  Watch #11 on Defense.  Look for me in the stands.  I be the one wearing burnt orange.  G$ 
 Overall I would give her a 5.  I would request her again. 
 Attached are the revised redlined docs. per our discussion.  Let me know if you need me to review these with Mariner's counsel. 
 Sometimes you just have to step up to the big leagues.  I actually didn't know how much that trash can costs.  The ex bought it.  It is stainless steel, not chrome. I will sell you mine for $90.  I will even Lysol it for you.   Congrats on your oversized chair with ottoman. 
 XX-Large.  Thanks. 
 Sorry,  Jean Mrha's assistant should have it. 
 No problem,  I thought it was a day game when said I would come in on Friday.  Enjoy your Fri. 
 LRCI, Inc. 
 Attached is the Cash Sale Form for Texas Brine we discussed.  I would also let them know this is the exact same form executed for the sale of the previous tract to Texas Brine.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached is the document with one change. 
 Debra,  I think we were waiting on credit for this one.  I believe we answered their question that Atmos Energy Corp. would be the one executing the documents.  Can you check with Veronica? 
 Mark,  Attached is a draft.  Please review and let's discuss before you send to Huber. 
 Judy,  I added the language for release by Mariner that we discussed.  I put a 3 day threshold in the language.  Please review and lets discuss. 
 I have no idea what this is. 
 Rick,  Enron North America Corp. has participated in this program the last couple of years and intends to do so again.  I will be coordinating the program for ENA.  Please forward any information to my attention for the upcoming process.  I can be reached directly at (713) 853-3512.  Thanks. 
 Hey Tracy,  Yes you are correct.  That is a fantastic picture of JJ.  Really miss that guy.  Young Frank doesn't seem to be enjoying the experience as much as Madeline.  Glad to hear things are going well for you guys.  All is good with me.  Not much new and exciting happening.  Thanks for the pics! 
 Ruth,  Attached is a redline and clean version of the amendment.  I added the language we discussed on the phone.  I also added paragraph and associated changes to make it clear that this pricing doesn't comment until December 1, 2001. 
 Please review.  Note that on the attached letter, we will remove the rep. c= oncernig the "presence" of hazardous materials".  According the Kyle, there= may have been such material stored in the warehouse.  Kyle,  Please review= the letter and let me know if you see any problems. 
 Yes 
 Forgot to forward earlier. 
 Attached are the latest per our discussion. 
 Chris,  Attached is the form of Professional Services Agreement to be used for Power Engineers.  I am assuming Power Engineers has no existing agreement with any other Enron entity.  We should ask them if this is the case.  The rate sheet they provided would be attached as Exhibit B.  Please review.  I am ok to forward this to Power Engineers for their review. 
 Amelia,  Can you check on contract # 96021047 to see if this is any current transport activity on this contract.  This contract was never executed.  Reliant HL&P informed me that this contract is no longer being used and they would prefer to terminate or void this contract. 
 Attached are the revised Devon confirms based on our discussions with Shonnie.  Please review.  I am also attaching the masters again to be complete. 
 Watch It Wizzlefritz!! 
 Paul,  Disregard the prior version and use this one. 
 Marlene,  I have the Dominion contract and I will get that back to you shortly,  however I don't have the Midwestern Contract. 
 Dave,  Per Barry's request, attached is our firm GTC and confirm for gas purchase/sale.  The GTC is typically only for deal which are 6 months or less.  Credit also need to review the counterparty.  Depending on the circumstances, a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement may need to be put into place.  Let me know if you would like a copy of the master. 
 Please review. 
 Here is the revised letter. 
 Mr.  Drexelius,  Per Barry Tycholiz request, attached is the letter agreement for assignment and payment for the Kern River Capacity.  Please execute immediately and fax to my attention at (713) 646-3490.  Upon receipt I will forward to Barry for decision to execute or not by 1:00 pm.  Thank You for your prompt attention to this matter. 
 Sounds like the trip was AMAAAAZING!!!.  Laura should seriously consider writing for Conde Naste.  I think the best quote was  "The next morning Ryan and I were so confused about what had taken place the night before." 
 Mark,  Attached are the committed reserves GTC along with a confirm for each of WIC's Contract #1 and Contract #2.  Please review. 
 Please review the attached I added some language at the end of the intrastate warranty.  To the extent this warranty gets changed, we will have to change the warranty in the gathering agreement. 
 Any time after 1 pm works for me. 
 Mary,  Please prepare a draft bi-latieral CA with the following entity:  RealEnergy, Inc. 1900 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 755 Los Angeles, California 90067  The topic of the CA should be information concerning a potential sale of natural gas and/or provision of transportation capacity for RealEnergy's distributive generation requirements in southern California.  You can use the Huber CA we just did for the form.  Please check conflicts with Kay Young as well.  Thanks. 
 Attached is the revised doc per Eric's comment. 
 Debra,  Attached is the form we should use.  Review and let's discuss. 
 I need to terminate my membership to the Body Shop.  What do I need to do to effect this? 
 Attached are a draft of the MSA and a Transaction Agreement under the existing Enfolio Master in place between ENA and the City of Palo Alto.  Please review.  There are a few questions and blanks to be completed after your review. 
 Thanks. 
 Per your request, please see the attached. 
 Revised per your request.  I did remove the conditions precedent.  All outs in the Cinergy Trading Firm Contract have expired.  I understand that Kern has a final certificate from FERC.  Is this the case?  We do need to have the executed assignment docs, before we sign this paper. 
 Attached are the revised docs. based on our discussion.  Please let me know prior to forwarding to Palo Alto. 
 Per Barry's request. 
 Rusty,  Attached is the amendment to the Dow Brine Agreement which extend the period from 160 to 190 days.  I used an amendment form instead of a letter form for the sake of clarity.  Sorry for the delay. 
 Heather,  Attached are the clean and redlined drafts of the revised Coal and Ash Agreements per your notes and phone mail.  Please review.   By copy of this email I am asking David to review the insurance section in both agreements for adequacy.  David - The attached are the forms of Coal Hauling and Ash Handling agreement that we would use to contract with Reuse Technology for both the Lumberton Power LLC and Elizabethtown Power LLC.  Please provide comments. 
 Attached are the latest documents.  The Transaction Agreement was split into two separate agreements. 
 I changed the date in the working drafts.  Let me know what other comments you have. 
 Username: gnemec  Pass:  jbkg01grn 
 Barry,  Attached are redlines of the docs with the changes we discussed today.  Please pay special note to the Maximum Daily Deliverability Quantity of the Confirm.  I want to discuss how this limits us and what flexibility this section needs.  Please review and lets discuss. 
 Barry,  I added a some language to th disclaimer. 
 Barry, For your review. 
 Debra,  Please work these terms into a GTC for the Mexico deal.  ASAP 
 Attached is the revised Agency Agreement per our discussion and your notes.  A clean and redlined version are provided.  Please review. 
 FYI 
 Please see the attached memo. 
 Per Barry's request, attached is the Agency and Management Services Agreement to be executed between Enron North America Corp. and Mexicana De Cobre.  Also attached is the form of agency agreement to be attached as Exhibit B to the Agency and Management Services Agreement.  This agency agreement is El Paso's form and must be executed by ENA, Mexicana, and El Paso.  The El Paso form requires that you open as a read only file. Please review.    We are working on the gas purchase agreement and should forward shortly.  We received the power of attorney and bylaws you emailed.  I had a Spanish speaking attorney in our office assist me with their review.  The bylaws look fine. We would like you to follow up with a certified copy in the mail.   For now can you confirm via a response to this email, that these are the latest bylaws on file?  He noted that under the Power of Attorney, it would be required that two of the gentlemen listed on page 2 of the power of attorney documentation, execute our agreements.  Can you confirm?  Would be happy to discuss this with you.  Thank you for your cooperation.  Gerald Nemec Attorney ENA Legal 
 Debra,  Please send Gary Bryan a sample master firm.  Thanks. 
 Phone number is (713) 853-3512. 
 Attached for your review are a draft of the gas Confirmation and associated GTC.  Also attached is a clean and redlined version of the Agency and Management Agreement.  A few minor tweaks were made.  We also added some information requirements concerning your gas supply deals.  Please review.  Thanks for your help. 
 Becky,  I attended the Thursday session.  Please send me the paperwork I ne= ed to get the CLE credits.  Thanks. 
 Brian,  Attached is our response to Bridgeline's issue list (revised based on our meeting) with a short cover letter.  I addressed the cover letter from you to Robert Morgan.  If that is not correct let me know.  I am sending a hard copy of these docs for your signature.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Rae,  Please print the cover letter on ENA letterhead and attached a hardcopy of the response.  I need to fill in Bridgeline's complete address on the cover letter.  Please check with Keagan to see if she has the address. 
 Resending per your voicemail. 
 Sounds good.  Let me know if you need anything else. 
 Louis,  Please approve a parking subsidy for Nabil Nachawati, a summer law clerk, in the legal dept.  My RC# is 105659, and the CO# is 0413.  Let me know if you need any further information.  Gerald Nemec 
 Attached is the executable Agency and Management Agreement Document.  Please print out and execute and fax back to Barry for ENA's execution.  We will fax back a fully executed copy.  Please note that as we discussed, two of the gentlemen listed in Mexicana  de Cobre's power of attorney must execute.  Will will follow up with hardcopy orginals for execution with all the exhibits in the mail or delivered by Barry.  Thank You. 
 Forgot to mention earlier.  Please fill in the notice information on the executable copy of the Agency Agreement.  Thanks 
 Attached are redlines of the latest. 
 Greg,  The revisions made by Brazos Valley are acceptable.  They can prepare the executable, sign and forward to HPL for signature.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 We have accepted your suggested revision to Article 13 of the Agency and Management Agreement.  Attached is a new executable with the language revised.   Also attached for execution are the gas purchase confirm and associated GTC for the gas purchase through Monday June 4.  The GTC was revised to remove the $0.15 per MMBtu liquidated damages.  Thanks. 
 Greg,  Attached is the executable for Brazos Valley Energy, L.P.    Thanks, and Good Luck with AEP.  If you need any follow up on this please feel free to call me.  Gerald 
 Attached are the final documents which includes  1.  Agency and Management Agreement - Clean and Redlined copy which shows the changes per my discussion with Jay Goleb at Baker & Botts 2.  Gas Confirm for June 1 thru June 4, 2001 3.  Gas Confirm for June 5 thru June 30, 2001 4.  Gas Conform for July 1 thru October 31, 2001 5.  GTC which applies to all three confirms 6.  Agency Notice Letter - Mexicana to send to its Permian suppliers for notice of Enron's agency.  Please print out and execute documents 1 thru 5 and fax to Barry Tycholiz.  We will follow up with duplicate originals for execution.  Thanks for all your cooperation. 
 Rae,  Please redline the No4 against the original No3 on compare write and forward via email to Kim Ward.  MS word would not redline correctly. 
 Shonnie,  Attached are my comments per our discussion. 
 Mark,  Attached are rough drafts of the following documents for the noted projects:  Bay Gas Storage 1.  Draft CSA 2.  Draft Lease Agreement 3.  Draft O&M Agreement    Oakhill 1.  Draft CSA 2.  Draft O&M Agreement for Hanover to provide maintenance.    Please note that these are really rough based on the limited information available at this time.  I did not provide a lease agreement for Oakhill as you indicated Hanover would finance/lease the Electric Motor Drivers to ECS.  If Hanover is providing a straight lease, the lease for Bay Gas could be used.  If Hanover is providing a purchase option, the lease agreement would need to be modified for the purchase option.  My suggestion is to provide these forms to the customer with the caveat that as the commercial terms are fine tuned, these drafts will be modified.  But this gives them the basic idea.   In my absence please contact Barbara for coordination of legal support in the event you cannot wait until I return.  Thanks. 
 Mark,  I forgot to mention in my earlier note, that for the parking/storage arrangement with Bay Gas, I would request their form of storage agreement.  I makes more sense to have a separate agreement cover the parking arrange as this is really independent of the compression services.  These storage company typically have their own agreement that not bad and usually won't use the counterparties paper. 
 fgvzdfbzdfbzdfb 
 Here is the latest. 
  Attached is the executable form of the letter agreement.  I have accepted all of Jerry's changes.  Please print out two executables of the letter and execute and forward to Mark Whitt for execution by ENA.  If you have any questions please contact me at (713) 853-3512. 
 Stephanie,  I made a few changes.  Please review. 
 Hey Guys!  I just got back from traveling two weeks in China, so I am now able to answer my emails.  A friend of mine here at Enron has a brother that lives in China and he got married to a Chinese national.  So I decided to join them for the wedding and sightseeing.  The sights were pretty amazing.  Great Wall, Forbidden City, Tianamen Square, etc.  Definitely culture shock though.  I know what it feels like to be a rock star now.  I was pretty much stared at wherever I went.  I am sure they think I look like a big nosed western devil freak.  The food wasn't as bad as I thought, although I did get the trots the last two days in country.  I knew I shouldn't have eaten the mutton.  Fortunately I missed the flood of the century, Ernie!  I heard about it the first week in China.  Wasn't much I could do from China, so I just kept my fingers crossed and fortunately the house was safe and sound when I got back.  Some jackass drove up on my front yard and left some tire tracks.  There must have been high water in the street that he was trying to avoid.  Doooh!!  Other than that everything is going fine.  Doing the old dating thing!  Boy is that a ton of laughs.  Women at this age are definitely interesting.  I spend most of my time avoiding questions like, "Where is this relationship headed?"  Uh excuse me, but we only met last week!  Congratulations, Paul on little Chloe.  I checked out the pics on your website and the family looks great.  Bieraugel you still look the same as the last time I saw you, but  Whoa, is that a little gray hair I saw on you Paul?  Oh well, we all have chinks in our armor.  Seriously though it is a beautiful family and I know it must be tough to be away from them.  Are you going to be staying in the Navy for awhile?  10 more years and you can retire eh!  Ernie,  Sounds like things are going well at work.  Congrats on the promo.  We definitely need to do a better job of getting together here in Houston.  You need to get the wife and we need to have dinner one night or something!  The Buick sounds prime.  240HP ought to take care of it.  Sounds better than the shaka-mobile.  What the hell ever happened to that car anyway?  I still love to tell stories about that car.  You can't beat a K-mart lawn chair for comfortable automobile seating.  Ernie, I think my focus is on the 5 series BMW.  Unfortunately my stock portfolio has delayed my auto purchase for awhile.  Let's pledge to all do better at keeping in touch.  It is great to hear from you guys.  We need to plan a little get together when you get back from sea.  It has been to damn long. Take care and be safe, Bruddas.  Gerald 
  Re-sending.  Didn't go through the first time. 
  Resending,  Didn't go through the first time. 
  Hi Pat,  Fortunately I was out of the country when all the flooding occurred and my house sustained no damage.  Just spent two weeks in China and the sights were pretty amazing.  How are things in Austin? 
  Hey Ernie,  Have you been able to send email to Bieraugel?  I replied to the email address he sent, but I keep receiving undeliverable messages. 
 Darren, I will be meeting with Sandi in the morning to get a download.  I will get with you after that to assess where we need to go.  Thanks. 
 Nelson,  Attached is the Confirm and GTC for the deal with Devon.  Please review and if acceptable you can forward to Devon for review. 
  Please see attached. 
 We flew into Shanghai and explored for 2 days.  Next we went to Qingdao for 3 days and finally spent 5 days in Beijing.  I would have to say that Beijing was the highlight of the trip.  The Great Wall was pretty incredible.  Should have some pics shortly.  Work is going well! Way to busy for my taste.  That's what I get for being out of the office for two weeks.  I got a voice mail from Mark while I was in China.  He was at the airport here in Houston looking for a ride.  Typical Mark.  Any plans on coming to Houston anytime?  Gerald 
 I have seen no progress.  I will call my contact again to inquire.  Any prodding you could provide through the credit dept. would be welcome. 
   I need a couple of CA for the following information.  The need to be bilateral agreements.  Please use the bi-lateral form, that you and I have used before.  The Enron entity is Enron Compression Services Company.  Ned will be sending a more detailed scope shortly and I will forward. Please come to me with any questions. 
  John,  Per our discussion, attached is a draft form of gathering agreement.  This form is a firm committed reserves gathering agreement. If the gathering deal is an interruptible type structure, this form would not work.  For use by Crescendo, this form will also need to be scrubbed for Utah and Colorado law issues.  However, this is a starting point.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
  Mary,  Attached is further detail for the project descriptions for the two CAs I requested.  Please revise the CA to read "information in connection with sharing data relative to a potential electric compression project located approximately 3 miles west of Carthage, Texas in Panola, County".  Follow that form with the Duke CA as well.  Please prepare two executables of each.  Thanks for all your help. 
 Mary,  The CA form had ENA in the text.  Please make sure it is Enron Compression Services Company. 
  Janel,  How is it going?  I booked this flight for myself.  Talked to Bruce and he is trying to set up a beach house or in the alternative, rooms for us at the Sea Trail hotel.  Let me know if you want me to book a rental car for us to share.  G 
 Paul,  Attached are redlines of the confirms that were revised with the changes we discussed. 
 Mary,  Chris is the guy who called me asking the questions.  I have a call into Sandi to see if she knows anything about this.  If not, I don't know who would know. 
 Please disregard the prior version. 
 Brucie,  You weren't supposed to tell anybody about that!!  Maureen,  I am planning on setting up a rental car for Janel and myself and we can cut you in on that action.  Our flight leaves Myrtle Beach at 11:40 on Sunday so if you are leaving out of Myrtle Beach that might work for you also.  Gerald 
  FYI,  Attached is the form of lease agreement that Hanover has forwarded for our lease of the compression equipment from Hanover on the Oakhill deal.  This is actually GE Capital's form of lease agreement, but would be executed between Hanover and Enron Compression Services Company.  Please review and provide any comments you may have. 
  More info on use of GE's form for our lease with Hanover in the Oakhill deal. 
 The contacts we discussed. 
 Let's discuss this at our 3:15 meeting today. 
 Attached is a redlined Natural Gas Services Agreement with the revisions we discussed.  Also attached is the Transaction Agreement.  The term has been revised to reflect a Dec. 31, 2002 ending date.  Please review and if acceptable, we can prepare executables.  Call with any questions. 
 Sorry,  The number is 202-342-0800. 
 Dave,  Made a few slight tweaks. 
 Mary,  Is this an operational type filing or an entity type filing?  If it is operational, then it is probably someone else's issue. 
 Rudwell,  Attached is a redline of Oneok's form of guaranty with my comments incorporated.  Please forward to Oneok for their review.  I will prepare the executable form of Bridgeline Holdings, LP guaranty for Oneok per your email yesterday.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Rudwell,  Attached is the executable Bridgeline Holdings guaranty for ONEOK,  please forward for execution by Bridgeline.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached is the confidentiality agreement I have faxed to Energy Solutions. 
 Attached is a redline of the letter with my changes.  I will forward executables with my initials. 
 Attached is the CA we discussed.  I will foward hardcopy executables.  Are you going to obtain execution of this document? 
 Mark,  What is up, my boy!   Hope things are going well in the Heartland.  Any interesting stories you care to tell?    There was a message on my home voicemail from Diane Leg at DML Technical Search.  Her number is (713) 662-3577.  Thought you might want the info.  Any luck on the job search? 
 Attached are my comments to the Guaranty form for Torch Energy Advisors Incorporated you forwarded for Bridgeline Gas Marketing, LLC.  Please review.  You can contact me at (713) 853-3512 with any questions.  Thanks. 
 This form of guaranty is acceptable.  No changes required. 
 Attached is the amendment to the Kennedy Agreement reflected the repricing.  Please review and let's talk in the morning. 
 Rudwell,  Can you respond to Roeline with the amount required in the guaranty?  Thanks. 
  Mr.  Cook,  How is life at AEP?  The big E is still the same.  Minus about 4 attorneys who decided to join you. 
 Attached are the schedules with my revisions redlined. 
 Here are the documents we reviewed this morning. 
 Thanks for the email.  We are expecting you on Monday the 2nd.  Everything should be set up.  I believe you have to see HR the morning you start to get your ID badge, but they should send you to us thereafter shortly.  Give me a call if you need any help with anything.  (713) 853-3512. 
 Sorry about the delay.  I had to figure out where the IT guy's had moved all this stuff when Shawna departed.  Let me know if you have questions. 
 If you can fit it in.  I am pretty covered with ENA Upstream right now. 
 Tried to send this earlier.  Will try again. 
 Judy,  Attached is the draft confirm for EEX.  Can you fill in all the notice information for EEX.  Also as we discussed, we also need to insert the well/field/lease data.  Note that there is no MDQ.  From the printout, it looked as though all volumes in excess of 1700 MMBtu per day were priced as gas daily.  If there is an MDQ, we will need to insert it.  Thanks. 
 I am going. 
 Attached are draft responses to WFEC requests for documents and request for interrogatories.  Please review and provide any input as soon as possible.  Thanks. 
 Please review and provide any input as soon as possible.  Bill,  I still have not talked with Jeff Stone. 
 Hey Dan,  Good to hear from you.  I am doing fine. Sounds like fun.  I will try to make it.  I might get caught up here at work though.  I am leaving the country on Thursday for 4 days, so I am trying to tie up some loose ends here.  All my stripper friends are not returning my calls for some reason!  Hmmph!!. 
 Bill made a few changes.  All of which I am OK with.  If these are OK with you, we will forward these to WFEC. 
 Bill,  The answers as modified by you are fine.  Please forward those to Mr. Haswell at your earliest convenience.  I have still not received any response from Jeff Stone. 
 Attached are draft agreements for both entities. 
 Stephanie,  Attached is a redline with my comments. 
 That is fine.  Go ahead and set it up. 
 Attached for your further handling is the confirm and GTC for the EEX E&P Company purchase by ENA Upstream.  Note that we need to have them sign the confirm, so we will need two executed originals.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached are clean and redlines of the revised docs.  I forwarded the clean versions to Brian Stone prior.  Jessica,  Barry asked for 5 copies of the attached on his desk in the morning for his review. 
 Mary,  Can you please prepare the form of CA we have used before for Enron Compression Services Company based on the information provide by Chris below.  Thanks. 
 Stephanie,  Attached is the amendment for the Mexicana de Cobre confirm.  Please review and if OK forward to Mexicana for execution. 
 I am fine with this.  They can prepare executables. 
 Attached is the latest. 
 This will be a unilateral not bilateral as stated in the email. 
 Please fill out the Data Sheet and send to Kay Young  Form of CA    Data Sheet Form 
 I am fine with this language. 
 Did she indicate why  they had Enron Energy Services on the cover memo.  Was that a mistake? 
 Attached is a draft of the Confid. Agreement we discussed. 
 Brian,  Attached are drafts of the following docs.:  1.  Capacity Assignment and Prearranged Release Agreement 2.  Transaction Agreement to the Master Enfolio  We are still undergoing some internal review of these, but to move the process forward please review the attached. 
 T,   Attached is the Master Firm for Colorado Springs Utilities.  You can forward this for their review.  I still need to create the Transaction Agreement which would contain all the deal terms.  I will forward that shortly. 
 Suzanne,  Attached is a redlined version of the Professional Services Agreements with the revisions we discussed.  This version is redlined against the orginal version I had earlier sent.  Please review. 
 Mary,  Can you prepare two executables of this doc. for my initials.  Thanks. 
 Attached is a short draft of the content of the affidavit to be provided to WFEC.  It is not in correct form at this point, but I wanted to circulate the content for discussion.  Please review and provide any comments on the content ASAP.  Note:  I still have to get FGT's approval of anything provided. 
 Can you please send it to Jeff Hodge, since he initialed the orginal agreement.  Thanks. 
 Hey Dude,  How is it going?  Was thinking about maybe making a road trip next weekend the big A.  What do you have going on?  Might just be myself though.  Barbara and I had a parting of the ways.  Relationships seems to give me the panics after a couple of months.  Right now I am working on recharging the girlfriend pipeline. 
 Mary,  Kinder made some changes to our form which are attached below.  I am OK with their changes.  Please prepare two executables for signature. 
 Judy,  Attached is the Samedan Confirm and a GTC.  Please note that the contact information for the Customer still needs to be filled in.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached is the letter with our comments.  Please review.  We are OK to send this out today. 
 Rudwell,  Attached are my comments to ONEOK's form of guaranty. 
 FYI 
 Judy,  Attached is the Pioneer Confirm.  Please insert all the relevant contact information.  Also please carefully review the confirm to make sure that I interpreted your email info. correctly.  I left a blank for the Field information.  I would ask the counterparty to fill in and return a copy to ENA Upstream. 
 Attached is a revised form of affidavit.  Please review and provide any comments asap. 
 Staci,  Attached is a draft of an affidavit the ECS is proposing to supply West Florida Electric Coop regarding an informal requests for documents that ECS received from WFEC.  Please review and lets discuss asap. 
 Susanne,  What is the status of the professional services agreement? 
 Staci,  Attached is the final form of affidavit.  We plan on emailing this version to WFEC's lawyer for review prior to execution.  Given the confidentiality provision in our CSA, could you please respond via email with FGT's approval of this disclosure.  Thanks. 
 Per my voicemail, attached is the master spot contract.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Susanne,  Attached is a redlined agreement with the revision to Section 8.3 we discussed.  If acceptable, I will prepare two executables for routing.  Thanks for your help. 
 Attached is the revised CA per my discussion with their attorney.  Please review and forward to Anadarko. 
 Two things;  1. The modification excludes all oral information.  So any confidential information that you guys orally give them is not protected. 2.  It might be a headache for you guys to remember to mark everything as confidential.  If you forget, it is not protected.  I think the changes should come out. 
 Attached are the latest based on our discussions.  I couldn't redline the Capacity Release Agreement, so I am only sending a clean version.  I would still make a general caveat, that we still need to do a final review of the gathering agreement.  This could add to the Transaction Agreement. 
 Mary,  Can you prepare two separate CAs between Rusk County Electric Cooperative, Inc. and Enron Compression Services Company.  You can use the bilateral form we normally use.  Rusk's information is  Rusk County Electric Cooperative, Inc. P.O. Box 1169 Henderson, Texas 75653-1169  The scope for the two CAs is as follows:  1.  "discussions concerning a potential electric compression project at OGS Pipeline, L.L.C.'s Hinkle Compressor Station"  2.  "discussions concerning a potential electric compression project at Anadarko Energy Services Company's Carthage Facility"  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks for your help! 
 Paul,  Attached is the letter agreement we discussed which revises the Devon purchase docs to match the Gathering Agreement with Lost Creek.  Please review and let me know if you are OK.  If so, I can prepare the executables and Fedex to Devon. 
 Attached is the revised Ormat CA per your email.    Also, I don't have any notes on the Energy Transfer CA.  Sorry about that. 
 The drafts per our discussion. 
 Yes,  This looks to be a separate deal and mine was only a spot deal. 
 Based on our discussions yesterday, attached are the BHP Confirm and GTC.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions.  We still need to input the Delivery Point information. 
 Bill,  The contract itself does not have a confidentiality clause, but per Jeff Stone's email, Gulf does consider the contract proprietary information and does not want this info voluntarily disclosed at this time.  I forwarded the email to you earlier.  Concerning the emails etc., as I mentioned before, ECS has a copy of a Confidentiality Agreement that we executed by Gulf,  initialed by me as ECS attorney, but not signed by an officer of ECS.  Our business guys think we executed this agreement.  This CA would cover all information exchanged between Gulf and ECS.  I have asked Russell Badder's to check with Gulf to obtain an executed copy.  Nothing in the CA agreements prohibit me from disclosing the CA. So we could potentially provide the copy of the CA we have to John.  Obviously the correspondence between ECS and Gulf contains the commerical terms of our power deal as we negotiated with Gulf.  Given Jeff's email and the CA copy I have in hand, I would not want to disclose the emails and memo's without Gulf's explicit permission.  Let me know if you have any ideas on the best way to approach this with WFLA. 
 Chris,  I am fine with his revision if you are OK with the terms. 
 Stacy,  Susan called and asked that I prepare an assignment letter.  I will do so.  Could you send me a copy of the contract we are assigning and a copy of the assignment in interest letter.  Thanks. 
 Ellen,  Let's talk about this before you send out. 
 Sandi,  The following are the contracts that were inadvertantly assigned to AEP in the sale as we discussed.  Centana Intrastate Pipeline Co. 	#96019236 EPGT Texas Pipeline, L.P.  	#96006479 EPGT Texas Pipeline, L.P.	#96041930 Gas Transmission TECO, Inc.	#96041723 Gas Transmission TECO, Inc.	#96041724  Let me know your thoughts on the best way to proceed to return these deals to ENA.  Thanks.  Miss me?  Gerald 
 I already made that mistake once. 
 Larry,  The letter looks fine to me. 
 Raimund,  Attached is a form of amendment for both the Athens and Hartwell Precedent Agreement.  The amendment modifies the termination date as we discussed.  Two pieces of info that I left blank are the new date to be inserted and the date of execution of the original precedent agreements.  I do not have a copy of the dated executed PAs.  I do have a copy of the guaranties.  I will forward a copy to you.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Mary,  Can you please prepare executables of the attached document.  There are some redlined changes, all of which I am OK with.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. 
 The product description was to be used for various pipelines (e.g. NGPL, Transco, etc.). Yes, in this product ENA would always be the seller or the buyer of the capacity to be released.  I visited with Steve earlier, and the concept that Julie Gomez had discussed earlier was allowing third party pipelines or third parties to use EOL to buy and sell capacity from or to other third parties.  As far as I know, these were just discussions and the only EOL product implemented was the one I forwarded to you. 
 This deal was done some time ago.   I assume that all ENA Upstream deal makers going forward know they should be going through you. 
 Wasn't sure if you were copied on all this. 
 Attached is the CA for the project we discussed with NNG.  Let me know when you want executable agreements. 
 I don't want to know what Paul did in a hot tub with Lars.  I know he is easy, but jeez. 
 Might be too late, but attached are the letters with my revisions.  Let me know if you still need me to initial. 
 I am fine with this term sheet. 
 Attached is a draft of the McCook agreement.  I am still cleaning up the Management Services Agreement (for scheduling etc.) to be attached as Exhibit B.  Please review 
 Mark,  Could you please review the attached.  The documents are for access to a commodities and derivative products online exchange.  ENA Upstream Company, LLC is the Enron entity needing access.  The last directive I received it that all these types of documents for trading platforms needed to be reviewed by you.  Let me know if I am mistaken.  Thanks. 
 Revised per your voicemail. 
 Mark,  Attached are the latest.  I smoothed out some of your changes and added a section in the TA to address assignment of the gathering agreement.  Please review. 
 Judy,  Attached is the form of Master Firm Agreement for ENA and ENA Upstream.  Could you please fill in the Notice Info for ENA Upstream.  Thought it would probably be the same as ENA, but didn't want to assume that.  Once you return to me, I will prepare two executables for signature.  Thanks. 
 I am fowarding the originals to you.  Please obtain execution for ENA Upstream and ENA and return them both to me.  Thanks. 
 Thanks for the quick turnaround on that.  Any word on when we can expect this to be set for hearing? 
 Attached is the revised draft based on Stephanie's comments.  Please review. 
 See my attached comments. 
 Mary,  Please forward me, via email, the two Rusk County Electric Cooperative Agreements you previously prepared for me.  Thanks. 
 Stephanie,  Attached is the revised agreement with my changes. 
 Attached are the revised CA's for the compression projects with Rusk County.  I have added Northeast Texas as a party to both agreements.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Revised per our discussion.  Please forward to Citizens. 
 With my revisions: 
 Nelson,  I reviewed the form provided.  Some comments  1.  Generally we should make every attempt to get these guys to use our paper.  From an ENA Upstream overall standpoint, if we start using other forms then we lose consistency with how these deals are administered (payment, noms., etc).  2.  With respect to this form there are some conceptual issues. A.  No specific measures of damages if the parties breach B.  No detail on the type of gas being purchase (i.e. Wellhead, Pooling Point, firm, interruptible)  Contract states that "Seller shall use reasonable efforts to deliver 	and Buyer shall use reasonable efforts to purchase". We would have to tie this down. C.  Nomination deadlines and notification for production variances is not addressed.  3.  There are also some legal issues;  State Law, Arbitration, etc., Indemnity  In summary, we would have to make significant revisions to this form and it would end up looking much more like our form.  I don't know the dynamics of the relationship.  Are they insistent on using their paper? 
 The term sheet looks fine. 
 I am sure I didn't do as good a job as Michael Keeton did! 
 Sorry to hear about Aunt Lillie.    Good to hear everything is ok with you guys.  Everything is going well here.  Just the usual with work and weekend activities.  Been spending a little more time with Paul, since he is not going to Tulsa every week.  Take care and a I love you both. 
 Hey E,  Good to hear from you again.  Not much new around here.  Working and partying.  Still trying to restock the girlfriend pipeline.  George's email is gtownsend@manorisd.net.  I haven't played any golf recently, but do like to play.  I am pretty horrible, but it is fun nonetheless.  I would definetly be up for a round some time. Let me know.  Have you been able to email Bieraugel at the last address he sent?  I have tried, but my emails keep getting bounced back to me. 
 Attached is a clean and redlined version of the referenced agreement.  I will forward Exhibit A to the agreement shortly.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Count me in. 
 Please see attached. 
 Attached is the agreement revised per your notes. 
 Keith,  Attached are our comments and revisions.  Please review and let me know if you see any problems.  We would like to send this to the counterparty tommorrow, so please respond asap.  Thanks. 
 Nathan,  Can you describe where Encore compression is located? 
 Judy,  Attached is the GTC to be used for the Mariner deal with the revisions we discussed.  I will be out Thurs. and Fri. but will check voicemail. 
 Haven't heard anything on this deal. 
 Mary,  Can you prepare a CA based on the following information.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. 
 Brian, See the attached memo based on my review of the hurricane docs.  Nothing really different than what Bridgeline indicated in the meeting on Monday.  Let's discuss at your convenience. 
 Attached is the amendment form for the El Paso Guaranty.  Please forward to El Paso for their review.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Thanks for the info Mike.  I will give her a call.  I had a blast on Friday.  We'll have to do a happy hour again soon.  Maybe we can get the AEP girls to show up. 
 Attached is a clean and redlined version of the revised doc per our discussion. 
 The latest. 
 Hey Sam,  Actually it comes out every weekend as much as I try to control it.  I had a great time.  We will have to do that again sometime! 
 Yes,  You can delete. 
 Hi Jennifer,  I don't know if you remember, but we met at Gallant Knight on Friday night.  I was with Mike Robison and the Enron group.  I had never been there before, but that place is alot of fun.  Definition of  "Swanky".  You are probably wondering, "Why is this guy emailing me!"  We'll, I will be straightforward and say that I found you very charming.  I wanted to see if you would be interested in meeting me for lunch or a drink afterwork!  I apologize in advance if you are dating or involved with someone, but I thought I would take that chance.  P.S.  Mike gave me your email address, but don't hold it against him. ;-)  Gerald 
 Keith,  Attached is the form PSA for the sale of the Napoleonville Lot and Warehouse we discussed.  LRCI, Inc. not Houston Pipe Line Company will be the selling Enron entity.  You should be receiving the appraisal that was prepared for the land today via Fedex.  Let me know if you have any questions.  (713) 853-3512. 
 Brent,  Please see the revised guaranty. 
 Do you have an address for these guys? 
 Attached is the template for the FM letter. Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. 
 Attached is the draft letter.  Please review and let's discuss. 
 Jean,  For your review.  Specifically, the scope in the lead in paragraph. 
 Attached is the form of pooling point purchase GTC for ENA Upstream.  This form still needs further refinements, but for August business I am comfortable to use.  However, John please specifically review the nomination variance language in the confirm.  Upon your approval, Ellen can move forward with August use.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Judy,  I will be working on that form next.  Should be ready tommorrow or Monday.  For the Linder dealer we can use the firm GTC with a modified DCQ.  I forwarded the language for the DCQ to Ellen. 
 Mark,  Please see attached. 
 Mark,  Attached are the latest. 
 John,  I have revised the variance language based on our discussion.  Please review. 
 Janette,  I plan on attending the CLE on August 22 at the Doubletree.  Thanks. 
 I am fine with the changes.  I revised the term from 1 year to 2 years.  Attached is a clean and redlined version of the CA.  I am OK to forward to Marathon. 
 Looks good. 
 Yes 
 Judy,  Let me visit with Jeff on the 6 month threshold for the Committed Reserves.  Otherwise I am OK with this Matrix. 
 Attached is a draft CA.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 We might want to forward this email version for their review first.  I would think that their attorney's might have a few comments. 
 Mark,  Made a few small comments.  See attached. 
 Joan,  Attached is the agency agreement form.  The form still refers to TBI Field Services.  This should be revised to reflect the current owner of the system.  Can you provide that info. 
 It is still on Chris Hilgert's desk.  I will bug him to get it back to you.  Sorry for the delay. 
 Paul,  Attached is the revised letter Agreement for Greeley.  Please review and if you are OK with it, please forward to Greeley.  They had asked that we drop the contract number references in the first paragraph, but we need to have some way of identifying the contracts under which we are acting as agent, so l kept them in the document.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 That sounds good.  Schedule it up with Majed. 
 Please use the attached GTC is place of the previously forwarded for all deals going forward. 
 Not anytime soon, but within the next couple of weeks. 
  Alan,  With respect to the Transactions for Cheyenne and Public Service Company, Enron prefers to use the Firm General Terms and Conditions as the Base Agreement for these deals.  These two transactions are 3 month firm deals.  The GISB is not set up for firm transactions longer than 1 month in term.  There is no termination payment provision in a GISB and Enron requires this language for any firm deal.  Enron's general policy is not to use the GISB for any firm deal that is longer than 1 month. I would be happy to discuss this further at your convenience.  I can be reached at (713) 853-3512. 
 The only change is in Section 2.  I refer to the requirement to schedule the Daily Contract Quantity instead the Nomination. 
 Yea,  Things have changed quite a bit.  Life as usual at Enron. 
 Randy, For your information, I am forwarding you a summary of my review of the Bridgeline documents concerning the Texaco Sorrento cavern issues This summary was prepared on behalf of Enron. 
 Keegan please print two executables of the attached on Enron Logo Letterhead.  I need these this afternoon.  Thanks. 
 Fyi 
 Keegan, I think the attached is a Word Perfect File.  Can you try to convert this file to an MSWord file.  Thanks. 
 I have a conflict and will not be able to attend.  Let me know if there is any thing you need my help on. 
 Keith,  The attached document was blank.  Could you resend the document? 
 That sounds good.  We'll see you at 12 on Friday. 
 Paul,  Attached is a redlined version of the agreement with the changes we discussed.  Please review and forward to Greeley for their review. 
 Attached is the draft that was provided to WFEC's counsel.  As I stated they have requested to depose ECS as well. 
 I think your on solid ground.  I think the stock will stay down for a little while until they name those that will join Lay in the office of the chairman.  We continue to beat earnings estimates, but things like broadband, Dahbol,  and now Skilling put pressure on the stock.  Not much new going on.  Just hanging out.  Working.  Will be heading to Austin for the game on Sept 1.  Let's see if the horns can live up to all the hype.  I have a pair of season tix for all the home games, so I will let you know when I have an extra for the game.  See if you can't get a hall pass from your better half. 
 Keith,  Attached is the revised PSA for the Napoleonville warehouse.  I removed the mineral rights reservations and added in the sales price.  Please review. The agreement needs to be forwarded for review by the Assumption Police Jury as follows:  Attn:  Kim Torres Assumption Parish Police Jury P.O. Box 524 Napoleonville, LA 70390  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached is the redline version. 
 Attached is a draft of the mowing letter for Assumption Parish.  Please review.  The address needs to be added in Exhibit A.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 David Marshall (risk management, insurance group) will be the one to set the limits.  I usually send a copy of the agreement and ask for his comments.  I can handle once we get a draft of the agreement. 
 Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Boeing Contract with my revisions.  Please review, specifically Section 4.2 and Article 7.  I want to make sure you are OK with those sections specifically.  Sorry for the delay on this. 
 Jean,  I have reviewed Marathon's revisions to the CA.  I agree that these changes are minor and I am OK with all of them except one.  With respect to the stricken sentence in Paragraph 7, I would ask Marathon the reason for the strike.  I think the sentence only reinforces the right to compete concept in the first sentence and further specify's the concept.  I would be happy to discuss this further with Marathon.  Thanks. 
 Jean,  I have reviewed Marathon's revisions to the CA.  I agree that these changes are minor and I am OK with all of them except one.  With respect to the stricken sentence in Paragraph 7, I would ask Marathon the reason for the strike.  I think the sentence only reinforces the right to compete concept in the first sentence and further specify's the concept.  I would be happy to discuss this further with Marathon.  Thanks. 
 Shane,  Can you send me the highlighted document that you forwarded for their review.  I need to see the revision to understand their issue. 
 Chris,  Richard and I have come to agreement on the Shell CA.  Attached is a redline with the changes.  Please forward to Shell for their review and I will send down executables. 
 Attached is a draft of the CA.  Please review.  I need the full legal name of Illinois Power. 
 There is a Treebeard's in the tunnel at 1100 Lousiana.  There isn't too much towards Enron.  I don't mind going towards your building.  You have probably been to Bucco di Bacco (sp?) over by your building. Good Italian. There is also a Cafe Express down there. I am OK with any of those.  Do you like Sushi?  There is a Miyako in the Bank One Center. 
 Let's discuss when you get a chance. 
 Sounds good.  I'll see you there. 
 Dave, How about tommorrow at 2 pm central.  Let me know. 
 Needs the facts filled in. 
 It was great talking with you at lunch.  I have never known a real life tap dancer before.  I feel honored.  I am outta here tomorrow, so have a great weekend. 
 Made a few slight revisions. 
 No problem.  Let it go. 
 Chris,  Attached is a form of interconnect agreement with reimbursement language that you requested on behalf of Hugh Connett.  Sorry for the delay.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 The entity should be LRCI, Inc.  You can change the entity in the letter and send it out.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Jean, Based on Richard's reply, I am OK with the strike.  I just wanted to make it clear that ENA does compete with Marathon is these areas, but ENA would certainly only use the Confidential Information for the purposes of the proposed Transactions.  Do you want me to prepare executables? 
  Mary,  Can you check to see if Jempy can sign for LRCI, Inc. and let Rakhi Israni know?  In the alternative, please provide her a copy of the corporate data sheet which list the VPs who can execute documents for LRCI. 
 Chris,  I need the project scopes as well.  Can you give me brief descriptions? 
 Keegan,  Please print out two originals of the attached CA for execution on ENA letterhead.  I will need to initial.  Thanks 
 Few comments. 
 I don't know the status of the Crawfish documents.  I will have to check.  Steve Van Hooser was handling those documents.  With respect to your previous question, the PSA for the Napoleonville warehouse went to the Assumption Parish last week. 
  Hey Jennifer,  How is it going? Did you survive your long run this weekend?  It has been pretty crazy here since I got back.  I really need to start focusing more on the guitar so I can become rich and famous and not have to deal with all this.  I am so tired. 
 The sections are 18 CFR Part 161.  Specifically Section 161.1, 161.2, and 161.3. 
 Alan,  Per our discussion, attached are drafts of Enron's Master Firm agreements.  Sorry for the delay.    Enron's preference would be to use these master instead of the GISB agreements for the firm deals.  The Firm GTC were really meant as a stop gap until we could be these Masters in place.  I did review the GISB we currently have in place with Northern States Power (WI and MN).  These agreements do not have the necessary credit provisions and termination payment provisions required for firm deals that are included in our attached Master.  These Masters should address the specific concerns included in your email.  1.  The Masters contains provisions to deal wth the possibility that a price will not published on any day in the same manner as the GISB does. 2.  The netting issue we need to address.  The GISB don't have netting provisions, but we don't use GISB for any firm deals over 1 month in term.  I am not sure I understand the regulatory issues with respect to netting.  These Master contain netting provisions.  Let's discuss once you have reviewed the Masters. 3.  Force Majeure provisions are similar to the GTC.  Enron prefers a vary narrow definition of FM.  We modify the GISB FM to reflect this with special provisions.  If you could provide specific comments we can address your issues. 4.  Audit provisions are included in the Masters. 5.  Any affirmative action statutes and regulatory provisions can be address in this Master.  If you could provide specific language we can address this issue.  Putting these Master in place would really make business going forward much more efficient.  Please review and let's discuss and your earliest convenience.  I can be reached at (713) 853-3512. 
 Do you have any tiered pricing language for 5 tiers? 
 Attached is the revised Committed Reserves Confirm with the language we discussed.  Please modify the confirm templates for the Sept. wellhead deals (and those remaining from August) to reflect the revision.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Janette, To be more complete, the MS Word program Barbara and I were referring to on voicemail removes the Meta Data from the document. 
 Keegan,  Can you print the attached doc. on Enron Logo Only letterhead. This version had redlines, so you will need to accept the changes before printing. 
 Attached is a draft for your review.  Note that, Prior to giving any information received from Anadarko to CSI, we would need to get Anadarko's written permission. 
 They won't leave. 
 Shane,  As we discussed, we can remove the strike of 3.2(b) in the Tennessee TPAs.  I put in a call to Mojave to discuss this issue with them.  After my conversation with them we can decide how to proceed.  All other TPAs should be sent out with our typical language. 
 You can save it in my Confidentiality Agreements folder. 
 I added Section 5 - Non-Compete. 
 Ed, Can you help me out with this?  Kay is out of the office. 
 Attached is the agreement with my revisions. 
 I have not received it yet. 
 For your review, attached is a draft of the processing language for Riceland Ralco.  Please provide any comments you may have. 
 Please see attached and let me know if you have any comments or questions. 
 Mary,  Those will be fine for the other LRC entities. 
 The Parties shall keep the terms and provisions of this Agreement strictly confidential and shall not disclose them, in whole or in part without the written consent of the other Party.  If any Party shall be required by any court, legislative or administrative body to, whether by oral questions, interrogatories, requests for information, subpoena, or some other processes, any Party shall have the full right and ability to disclose same without regard to the confidentiality covenant herein contained; provided, however, that such Party shall provide the other Parties with as much notice of its requirement to make such disclosure as is reasonably practicable and do all things that the other Parties may reasonably request, at the other Parties' cost, to facilitate the other Parties' efforts to eliminate or restrict such requirement. 
 Jeff,  Attached is the letter with a few comments.  The only substantive comment concerns cost tracking.  We would like to be informed of the overall project costs as they are incurred.  Please see the attached redlined doc. with my comments.  Let me know if Gulf is OK with these changes.  We would like to get this finalized early tomorrow morning.  Thanks. 
 The language looks fine to me. 
 LRCI, Inc. is fine with recording the map. 
 Kay,  Please see attached.  Thanks. 
 Lisa,  I am fine with the changes.  Just insert the langauge into the confirm under the heading "Processing". 
 Let me know, how you want to handle this. 
 Barry,  The information on the top 10 from your contract list  1.  Duferco-Farrell Corp. - Could not find any contract in our database.  Do we have the name correct? 2.  XTO Energy Inc. - There is no MAC clause in the contract.  So they can't terminate unless we fail to perform.  One way termination payment 3.  Power Authority State of New York - No Master Found.  Only a GTC and Master Interruptible. 4.  The Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company - Found an old Columbia Energy Marketing and Consolidated Natural Gas Company.  No MAC termination clause and no termination payment calculation.  If party fails to perform then other party can seek damages. 5.  NUI Utilities, Inc.  - MAC Clause triggered at BBB-.  Two way termination payment 6.  Louis Dreyfus Natural Gas - No Master found.  Just GTCs and a Master Spot 7.  Florida Power and Light Company -  MAC Clause triggered at BBB-.  FPL can terminate unless we provide LC equal to their Termination Payment.  One way termination payment. 8.  The American Coal Company - Couldn't find any contracts. 9.  Trigen Energy Corporation (Found Trigen-Nassau Energy Corp.) - No MAC Clause.  No  specific remedy for default (i.e. termination payment) 10.  PrimeSouth, Inc.  - Could not find any contracts  Sorry for the delay.  Let me know if you need more information. 
 Is it time to go to Cozumel yet?  Everything is so simple when you're hitting on a ex-stripper while downing a couple of tasty Coronas. 
 Barbara,  My information is as follows:  gnemec@houston.rr.com H (713) 942-8066 Cell (281) 772-9250  Thanks again for everything you have done for me! 
 Still here.  Pretty quiet on the floor though.  How hard did your area get hit? 
 Per my wife's phone conversation with you, please drop the Tennis and Gold membership items from our current account.  The bills should be sent to:  1403 Banks Houston, TX 77006.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 See,  its not all bad. 
 Keegan's Info 
 I have reviewed the Dow Agreement wrt to the Dow Invoice Dated November 29, 2001 and have found the following  1.  2Q Lease Fee - $115,000 3Q Lease Fee - $195,500.  Section 3.3 of the Agreement (as amended) provides for a lease fee of $25,000 per BCF based on 4.6 BCF until the date that gas injections begin in Enron's well (which was July 31, 2001) and a fee of $50,000 per BCF based on 4.6 BCF thereafter.  The fees are assessed per calendar quarter.  The above fees look to be OK.  2.  Final Mining Fee - $23,362.40 Final Land Purchase Offset - ($47,013.75)  Section 6.5 through 6.8 of the Agreement provide for a detailed calculation of the Brine Fee due Dow based on the amount of salt removed from Enron's new well and a corresponding credit back to Enron for the conveyance of a 57.865 acres tract of land to Dow from Enron.  The credit is also based on the amount of Salt removed from Enron's new well.  Dow should provide detail on the salt removed and someone would need to go through the calcs in 6.5 through 6.8 to verify the above charges.  3.  Power Credit Adjustment - $16,500  I find no basis for this in the contract.   Under Schedule 3 to the Bridgeline Holdings, L.P. partnership agreement, Bridgline is obligated to bear all obligations under the Dow Agreement up to a maximum of $1,000,000 per year.  So Bridgeline should be paying these costs, assuming they haven't already paid up to $1,000,000.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached is a draft of the Keep Whole language we discussed last week.  Please review and provide any comments you may have. 
 Deb,  Could you pull data sheets for me on the following entities:  Louisiana Resources Company LRCI, Inc. Louisiana Gas Marketing Company LGMI, Inc.  Thanks 
 Brian, Karen Gruesen, and I had a discussion this morning with Bridgeline.  We agreed that they owed and would pay the lease fees, but  the remainder of the charges were not subject to reimbursement.  The only issue was would they reimburse us or pay Dow directly.  They are concerned about netting issues. 
 Bridgeline was checking the issues on their side concerning payment directly to Dow.  We made it clear that we prefer they directly pay Dow.  They were supposed to get back with Brian later today.  Sorry I didn't make that clear earlier. 
 I know how you feel.  No way Nebraska should be playing for the championship.  Should be Oregon. 
 I will see if we can get someone from the bankruptcy team for Wed. 
 Attached is the review performed so far on the gas contract list you forwarded.  I only reviewed the physical master from Barry's list.  The attached also included some contracts that Frank asked for review.  I will have more updates tomorrow. 
 Please send of future email updates to: gnemec@houston.rr.com 
 Leslie,  The technical name is:  Blanket Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity pursuant to Section 7C of the Natural Gas Act and 18 CFR 284.402. 
 Your thoughts? 
 Stuart,  I reviewed the contract files on the Hubbard Transaction and found the following agreements:  All these contracts are in Enron North America Corp.'s name  1.  Compression Services Agreement dated June 29, 2000 (I worked on this one.  We basically restated the existing Compression Services Agreement with NNG to revise conversion factors to allow NNG to deliver ENA more gas and thus allow ENA to mark more earnings.  NNG was able to book $2 mil of these earning as a fee paid by ENA to NNG in consideration for termination of the existing Compression Services Agreement)  This agreement has a provision for submission of a purchase offer by NNG to ENA for purchase of the motor and interconnection facilities.  No specific numbers are listed and the terms would have to be mutually agreeable.  No events of default specifically listed (including bankruptcy).  Thus it is not terminated.  If ENA fails to provide HP there are LD payments due up to a maximum of $200,000 per contract year.  Term is through January 31, 2018.  2.  First Amended and Restated Operations Agreement dated November 1, 1997.  NNG operates the electric driver for ENA.  Fee is $44,000 per year with an escalater.  Term is through November 30, 2017 (This works with the term of the CSA above.  Even though physical operations stop in November, gas still flows for another two month period).  No events of default specifically listed (including bankruptcy).  3.  Agreement for Purchase of Power dated March 31, 1995 as amended on November 19, 1997.  ENA purchases electricity from Midland Power Cooperative.  Term is through December 31, 2017.  No events of default specifically listed (including bankruptcy).  4.  Master Lease Agreement dated March 31, 1995.  ENA leases the electric motor driver and appurtenant equipment from General Electric Capital Corporation. This agreement has a 10 year term with an option to purchase the equipment after year 8 for a fixed amount of $944,875.69.  Bankruptcy of ENA is an event of default.  GE must provide notice that they wish to declare an event of default.  If they declare an event of default, GE could enter the premises and take possession of the equipment and hold ENA liable for the "Stipulated Loss Value" of the equipment and all rentals due thereunder.  The Stipulated Loss Value calculated is set forth on a Table attached to the agreement.  Let me know if you would like copies of any of these agreements. 
 Karen,  Please get with Mary Ogden.  She can retrieve the schedules for you from our legal files.  Unfortunately, I am not aware of a brief of these contracts.  I can help you work through the agreements if needed.  Thanks. 
 Ernie,  I think that's right.  It makes sense since he is Chief Weapons Officer.  Bieraugel is one smart dude.  He helped me through many an engineering class.  Wouldn't be surprised to see Admiral Bieraugel one day.  Did you see on CNN how the Navy guys are writing "For NYPD" and "FDNY" on the bombs being dropped in Afghan!  Eat that!!  Yep, Saturday was pretty depressing.  I have to hand it to OU.  Stoops is an outstanding coach.  I will still go to the games, though some of the luster is lost. How is the family doing?  My little sister Sharon had a little boy yesterday.  William Boone.  Pretty weird when your little sister starts having babies.  We still need to get together when we get a chance.  Let me know when you get some time.  G 
 Mark,  I didn't find any gas agreements in the binders that I have.  Most likely since it was done intra-ENA, there was no contract and it was simply booked under a deal ticket.  I will look to see if I can find any paper in our global database for the deal. 
 I left it with Leslie after I reviewed yesterday. 
 I don't think there would be any problem with the ECS selling the gas to a third party.  They are currently selling the gas to ENA.  I am not sure how the proceeds from the sale will be handled once ECS recieves them, since ECS is not bankrupt.  I will see if I can find anything out about that.  Eric, you might want to check with Ed and see if he has any insight. 
 We found no termination notice. 
 Please see attached.  Please note that that physical gas purchase and sale is as follows:  ECS Compression Company LLC receives the gas from TW under the CSA ECS Compression Company LLC sells the gas to Enron Compression Services Company Enron Compression Services Company sells the gas to ENA (Gallup) or to Enron Gas Marketing Corp. (Bisti/Bloomfield) 
 I would like to nominate OU's 16-13 defeat by OSU as the Most Humiliating Upset of the Year. 
 At this point, I don't think any assignment to ECS solve any of these issues.  We still have to get approval for any cash outlaws from ECS since it is 100% owned by ENA.  Also assignment from a debtor entity to a non-debtor entity might require certain approvals from the Bankruptcy Ct. and the DIP financing.  I can look into it if it necessary, but does it really help the cash situation? 
 Susan,  Could you look for and email me the following:  Storage Agreement with Montana Power Interruptible Storage Agreement with WBI Transport Agreement with Trailblazer Pipeline Company (Think it was dated around 1995)  Sorry for the sketchy info, but that is all that I have.  Thanks. 
 Bruce,  Give me a call when you get a chance.  We have much to talk about in recruiting.  Let's see.......  Albert Hardy, Rodrique Wright, and now Marco Martin.  Unbelievable.  If we could only land Vincent Young. 
 Kellie,  Have you updated the transport list yet? 
  Here, Here,  I would like to second Ernie's sentiments.  We are very proud of you guys and hope that you stay safe.  Drop us a note if you can. 
 I still haven't received the final update.  This is the latest. 
 Do you have anything for HomeTown Communications Network.  Looking for a gas  contract dated 6/14/01 
 No.  This must be the Pulp & Paper GTC to which they are referring.  They didn't specifically note it as a gas deal.  Thanks for your help. 
 Attached is the only I have for Kachina. 
 Thanks.  Could you also look for a Enfolio Master Firm with Kaztex Energy Management Inc. and ENA dated August 1, 2001. 
 Debra Perelingiere had prepared this contract.  Since it was done so recently, it may not have made it into the system yet. Thanks for your help.  I'll check Debra's files. 
 Jason,  To follow up on our discussion last week, Enron Compression Service= s Company (not a debtor, and owned 100% by ENA) is receiving physical gas u= nder its Compression Services Agreements with Transwestern Pipeline Company= .  The gas is delivered to ECS on TW's system as consideration for ECS deli= very of electric compression services.  This gas was sold by ECS to ENA und= er a long term Master Firm, but obviously that has blown up.  TW has been d= esperate to get this gas off of their system since it is packing their pipe= line worse every day.  We put into place a GISB with Richardson Energy Mark= eting, Ltd.  I made sure there was not cross affiliate netting language in = the GISB.  Some of the gas was sold over the Christmas weekend (about 20,00= 0 per day) and more is being sold this week.  We need to put into place a l= ong term sale for the remainder of the term of the compression deals (appro= ximately 7 years) to protect the compression services deals.  Sid may be a = potential counterparty, but it may be sold to someone else.  Please provide= any input you may have on how we need to structure this sale given the cur= rent situation. 
 In addition to the Philadelphia Gas Works contracts, could you also look for a Husky Oil Operations Limited with ENA dated September 1, 1999.  Thanks. 
 Thanks Susan.  Can you send me any GTC that would have been for Nov -01 through March 02 business for PGW. 
 Per my phone conversation with Cheryl Hartsell, I hereby give permission for Unimark LLC to provide a copy of the contract with ENA Upstream Company, LLC dated October 20, 2001 to the producer who gas was sold by Unimark under such contract; provided that Unimark informs such producer of the confidential nature of the contract.  If you need any further information, please contact me at (713) 853-3512. 
 I did prepare these. 
  Per my phone conversation with Cheryl Hartsell, I hereby give permission for Unimark LLC to provide a copy of the contract with ENA Upstream Company, LLC dated October 20, 2001 to the producer who gas was sold by Unimark under such contract; provided that Unimark informs such producer of the confidential nature of the contract.  If you need any further information, please contact me at (713) 853-3512. 
 Attached is a draft of the Dow Amendment.  I used portions of their proposed amendment which they sent of August 8.  Date and prices are left blank for negotiation.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Stuart,  I have reviewed your comments and incorporated as appropriate.  Please review attached.  The following are my comments on your changes that I did not accept:  1.  The replacement of Section 3.1 and 3.2 with Section (a), (b), etc.  is confusing, but unfortunately the September 1, 2000 amendment already made this replacement.  I am  staying with that format.  2.  Since the Original Agreement was awkardly amended in September of 2000, I think the references to the "Original Agreement as amended by Amendment #2" are helpful, so l retained them.  Let me know if you have any questions.  I am OK to send this to Dow if you are. 
 The only way would be to copyright the material.  Any original writing can be copyrighted.  At a minimum, I would mark any submission as Copyrighted material.  I don't know the specific requirements for filing.  You might want to do some net research on the subject.  I would think the Fed. Government would have a web site on how to copyright material.  Hope this helps. 
 Mark,  Attached for your review is a draft of the Capacity Release agreement we discussed. 
   Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Rakhi,  Attached is the form of cash sale for the Crawfish Property.  Please review and if OK you can forward to Bridgeline.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Sorry.  I completely forgot. I will get you a check tomorrow.   Everything is going fine!  How are the law school plans going? 
 Ellen,  Let's talk about the attached. 
 Chris,  Attached is the info I have on this deal.  My contact info is:  Gerald Nemec Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith St. (EB3874A) Houston, TX 77002 
 Hey Jen,  The number is at the house.  I will send it to you tomorrow.  The GK was fun.  We went to another similar type place called the Marquis II.  They were both pretty cool.  Kinda of dives.  I was pretty polluted by the end of the night.  No game this weekend.  We'll have to grab beers again.  Later. 
 Attached are the Mexicana Amendments and New Confirm.  Jason, As I left in my voicemail, I want to make sure you are OK with the credit provisions inserted into the GTC.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached is a new confirm I have prepared for Mexicana 
 Her name is Lucinda.  Can't remember her husbands name, but I call him Lucinda's husband.  The number is 713-697-1626.  In case that doesn't work, her husband's work number is 281-970-2020.  I pay her $50 every time she comes, which is every two weeks.  She does it all.  Mops, vacuums, dusts, washes dishes, cleans bathrooms and kitchen, she also washes my clothes, bed sheets, and towels.   They do speak very little English.  Her husband speaks better, but they may have you speak with their son, unless you want to use your Spanish and pretend you are back in Madrid.  Use my name.  If she has availability, her and her husband will come out to the house and take a look.  You can go over with her what you want done and then agree on the price.  I give her a key to my house and she comes when I am not there. A lot of people I know use her and she is trustworthy.  Feel free to ask if you have questions.  G 
 Attached are the two contracts which will replace the single original, as we discussed.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. Thanks. 
 Revised per our discussion. 
 FYI,  Do we have any Peoples concerns here? 
 Attached are clean and redlined versions of the docs with revisions. 
 Attached is a clean version of the LOI.  I only revised what was paragraph 6.  I tried to redline, but it picked up all the previous changes. 
 I am OK with their changes, as long as you are OK with removal of those counterparties. 
 Bill,  Attached is the information we discussed.  I enjoyed talking with you today.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. 
 Keith is forwarding hard copies of the documents.  As soon as I recieve them, I will review, initial, and forward to you for execution. 
 Keegan,  Please print out two executables of the attached on bond paper.  Thanks. 
 Hey Ern,  Sorry it took me awhile to get back with you.  As you can imagine, it is pretty crazy around here.  Yes, it has been very interesting around Enron these days.  I think we pull through, but I expect the stock to take a beating for awhile.  The media has been pounding us for the last couple of weeks.  Saw George at the Colorado game.  Seems to be doing well.  George was definitely ready to get married, so I think he is really enjoying the married life.  Ran into a couple of old Wranglers including Carl Jackson.  Do you remember Kenny Reineger?  We saw him at the endzone club.  Also ran into Stacy......SAR!  She looks exactly the same.  Haven't heard anything from Bieraugel.  I sure he is up to his eyeballs busy with kickin some Taliban butt.  How is life at FritoLay.  The economy effecting you guys any? 
 Ken,  Attached is the Agreement with my comments redlined over your changes.  Sorry for the delay  Please review and let me know if you have any questions.  By copy of this email, I am requesting David Marshall to review the insurance section (Section 11) and provide any comments he may have. 
 Keegan,  Please print out 6 executables of the following:   And 8 executables of the following:     Please FEDEX two original two each counterparty to the address listed in the contract.  Some counterparties are on both contracts, so they will recieve four originals for execution.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Sorry for the delay on this Jill, I was out sick yesterday. 
 Thursday afternoon is better for me.  If it must be done Wed. please coordinate with my assistant Keegan Farrel 
 Attached is the LOI with my comments redlined.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Brian,  Attached are  the letter and Exhibit with my changes.  I have included a clean and redlined version.  Please review. 
 Attached is the draft. 
 Lisa,  I am fine with your changes.  The language that you highlighted in red should read "the Parties enter into a defintive agreement(s) for the compression services".  Please make the change.  Let me know if you need anything further. 
 Sounds like you have been busy.  Work sucks.  Everybody is really stunned and depressed.  Plus, I have been sick since Sunday.  I have missed a couple of days of work.  Not a good week for the G.    Sorry to be such a bummer.  Anyway, glad that you like Lucinda.  She does good work.  We'll catch up this weekend. 
 Kyle,  Do you have any information on this waste disposal site?  Apparently there is a meeting on November 15th to assess each party's liability for cleanup and Louisiana Resources Company is named.  Is anybody working on this? 
 Attached is the letter with my comments. 
 Attached is the letter with my comments redlined.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 This site is called Mars.  This web site is all the information I have. www.projectoolbox.com/web/mar.htm 
 Darren,  Please review the attached ASAP. 
 Paul,  Attached is the Kennedy Amendment.  Please review and if acceptable, please forward to Kennedy. 
 Attached is the final version of the Master. 
 I added to the language we discussed. 
 Attached is the structure with my comments.  Concerning the earlier question.  It is not clear under Texas law whether the surface rights by themselves are sufficient to convery the right to use property for gas storage.  Thus the rights should be leased from both the surface owner and the mineral owner to be sure.  I revised the transaction sheet to reflect this.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Chris,  Attached are driving directions to Nicor's Troy Grove site.  Per our discussions, please verify whether the site is in Illinois Power's territory. 
 Attached are the consent to assignment letters. We will need two executables of each.  Let me know if you will be the one sending these out for execution. 
 Robert,  The original contribution agreement called for Bridgeline Holdings, L.P. to acquire consent for these assignments.  They were required to use "all reasonable efforts to obtain such Consents".  To the extent they did not do so, ENA should not be liable for the $25,000 per month.  I assume Hugh Connett at Bridgeline is the proper person contact person at Bridgeline.  What is the current status of this $25,000 per month bill.  Has Bridgeline invoiced us? 
 Attached is the guaranty with my comments.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached is an amended and restate Torch confirm.  The Exhibit was revised to add two more points.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Judy Thorne had sent out all earlier documents.  I don't know who she sent them to.  Nelson should know. 
 I am OK with their comments.  Who is the correct "Counterparty" for this guaranty? 
 Attached are David's insurance comments.  I agree with his mark-ups.  Feel free to contact David directly to discuss. 
 Please see attached I added language concerning the firmness of that portion converted to a fixed price.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Art,  Per our phone conversation, attached is the revised language for Section 4.4 of the Master Firm Agreement.  Please review and if acceptable, we will prepare executables and forward for signature. "Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, this Section 4.4 shall only allow for offset, set off, or recoupment between Company and Customer, excluding Customer's PNM Gas Services division." 
 Rudwell,  Attached is the guaranty.  Please print out 1 copy for Randy's signature. 
 I am fine with the language.  We will prepare executables. 
   Please review. 
 Attached is the final letter version.  I am OK with the wiring instructions. 
 I agree with your summary. 
 Brandi,  Attached is the Confidentiality Agreement for Torch.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Stacy Dickson is taking this one. 
 I am OK with the matrix.  Please also note that any GTC with a term of 9 months or longer should be signed by Enron and Counterparties.  Nelson,  are you OK with using a GTC Spot for one-day deals? 
 Clement,  Attached is the form of guaranty we discussed.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Ken,  Attached is the form of guaranty from Enron Corp.  This guaranty is currently be routed for approval. 
 Ken, Below is the revised language for the restriction on activities paragraph in the Cash Sale Form  The Property is restricted in that no activity using explosives or other high-power detonating devices may be conducted on the Property within 500 feet of the storage well facility of Vendor located near the Property that would fracture or cause subsurface movement to the storage well facility of Vendor.  Additionally, Buyer shall erect and maintain, at its sole cost and expense, a suitable chain-link fence between Vendor's retained adjacent property and the purchased Property. 
  Keith,  Could you look at this form and scrub it for Louisiana law issues. 
  FYI 
 For your review. 
 Chris,  Attached is the document to which Russell and I have agreed.  Next step is for us to get signed and fax to Russell.  Do you have the tract descriptions that Gulf forwarded?  Does Dave? 
 Ken,  We are in receipt of your revised sale form.  We will review.  I also need the following items by today to fully complete my review.  1.  Any comments you have to the restriction language I proposed. 2.  Draft of the Board Resolution you added to the Act of Sale. 3.  Any other comments you have.  Please forward this information ASAP. 
 FYI,  The latest. 
 Dan,  This is the only transport agreement I found in that directory. 
 Chris,  The letter was signed and faxed to Gulf at approximately 5 pm today. 
 Lisa,  My only comments would be in the Firm Transport section.  Since ENA can not directly provide firm transport on NNG, I would rephrase it as "ENA would arrange for Firm Transport on NNG".  As we discussed before, Unocal would need to enter directly into the FT with NNG or ENA would have to contract for the FT and then release it to Unocal pursuant to the capacity release procedures (which would include posting and bidding requirements). 
 Attached is the revised guaranty form.  Let me know if you need anything else for execution. 
 Attached is a redline of the Act of Sale with my comments.  Let me know if you have any questions.  I will draft the resolution this afternoon. 
 Mark/Lance,  Attached is a legal risk memo concerning the sale of land in Louisiana by the ENA Upstream Group (Jean Mrha - Commerical Contact).  The memo will be attached to a DASH which is being circulated for signature today.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Ken,  Per our discussion attached are the drafts of revised Act (redlined with my comments) and the Board Resolution for your review. 
 See attached.  I took a guess at the payment timing and our involvement in the construction process.  Do we want to let Jim, review that section also?  I am trying to leave the office by 12 tomorrow.  Any comments ASAP would be appreciated.  Upon receipt of comments, I will forward to Bill Howell. 
 Eric,  The answers to your questions based on the information I have are:  1.  The transaction closed on February 3, 2000. 2.  All the licenses that you fowarded for Louisiana Resources are currently being used by Bridgeline Holdings, L.P. 3.  I don't know.  I don't think that any of the licenses were new after the transaction date.  Robert, any different info? 4.  To the best of my knowledge all of the licenses (that you forwarded) are operating and were operating at the time of the transaction.  Do you agree, Robert?  To clarify, the assets were not sold to Bridgeline Holdings, L.P.  They were contributed to the formation of the LP in consideration for Enron's 40% equity stake and 50% control.  No transfer applications for these licenses has been filed.  Also, it is not clear from the information you forwarded whether the licenses were in Louisiana Resources Company's (LRC) name or Louisiana Resources Pipeline Company Limited Partnership (LRP).  LRP was merged into Bridgeline Holdings, L.P.  LRC is still held 100% by Enron North America Corp. 
 For your review is the draft Construction Expedition Letter per our discussions Monday. 
 Nora,  The notes were paid off.  We do need to cancel the originals.  Let me know if I need to do anything. 
 Attached are the documents we discussed.  I have a attached a clean and redline version of the Act of Sale, compared against the prior version we sent.  Upon your final approval, we will prepare executables. 
 Eric,  Texaco Exploration and Production, Inc. owns the other 60%.  The LP is governed by a management committee with two member from Enron and two from Texaco.  I can be your contact for Louisiana Resources.  However, as I stated earlier, I need to know which Louisiana Resources you are talking about.  Is it Louisiana Resources Company or Louisiana Resources Pipeline Company Limited Partnership.  For Bridgeline the contact would be Robert D. Morgan.  His phone number is 713-345-6374. 
 Resending.  Thanks. 
 Attached are my Louisiana counsel's comments to our ROW form.  I agree with his changes.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 The final sign off from Reliant legal.  I will prepare the executables and get them to Eva. 
 Stephen,  We will revise the termination date to be May 27, 2002. 
 Please review and let's discuss. 
 Last week was crazy.  Sorry about this.  I will send them out today. 
 I found this doc.  Hope it is the one you needed. 
 Eric,  See attached with my changes.  Robert, Can you provide the information Eric needs for Bridgeline.  Thanks. 
 Per our discussion, please review and provide comments asap. 
 Jean,  We have appointed three new directors for LRCI, Inc.  They are yourself, Mark Haedicke, and Brian Redmond.  The records show the current directors as Mark Haedicke and Louise Kitchen, but we were unable to find any resolutions supporting this.  We will clean the records up to reflect the new directors.  Since you and Brian are on the management of Bridgeline, it is a more logical fit for you to be directors.  The resolutions for the Napoleonville Land Sale with the new directors are being circulated for signature.  You may have already seen it.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. 
 It was sitting on Haedicke's desk.  Eva, is going to pick it up and bring it to you for signature. 
 Attached is the latest version of the PA with my changes redlined.  Sorry for the delay. 
 FYI,  My Fla. counsel's comments to our letter. 
 Don't you have work to do today?  By the way, I will kick your ass for free! 
 Your leaving Friday? =20 
 Attached is the revised doc per our discussions. 
 Keith,  Please draft the letter and forward for my review.  Could you also forward the language for Item #1as you revised it?  Thanks. 
 Lisa, Your changes look fine to me.  I added the sentence to make it clear that ECS would not be owning and operating that portion of the equipment.  It wasn't clear to me from the section which indicate we will be arranging for the installation of the compressors. 
 Lisa,  I made significant revisions to this form.  Please review and lets discuss. 
 Barry,  Attached are the drafts we discussed yesterday.  Please give me a call to discuss. 
 Attached is the confirm and GTC for the Wellhead purchase with Keep Whole language that we discussed.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Dave,  I made a few slight changes to the agreement.  Nothing substantive, just to clarify and catch some typos.  I am OK with this form.  We need to make sure the Universal signs any schedules to this agreement which specify the operating parameters of the units.  Also, David Marshall will need to review the insurance section and address how we handle their self insurance issues. 
 Keith,  Please revise the document to reflect Item 1 below.  With respect to Item 2, our environmental group is reviewing Enron's use of the property.  No such uses should be found.  What specifically are they looking for with respect to this item.  Finally, any word on the title check with respect to item #3. 
 Ask them to print and sign two copies. 
 Mark and Dave,  Please print out two copies of each and execute all four.  The closing statements need to be printed on ENA Letterhead.  Sign all four and fax to Don Baldridge.  Put all four originals in the Fedex to me for initial.  I have asked Don to obtain execution of NBP's side and fax back to me.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached is the revised statement.  Please review.  I will have ENA execute as soon as I hear from NBP. 
 I responded to Frank about 20 minutes ago. 
  FYI 
 Frank,  Sandi Braband had approved those agreements.  I know that the El Paso pipelines are very strict on any changes to the GISB form.  I did discuss removal of Section 3.2(b) for Mojave pipeline (an El Paso pipeline) and their attorney agreed.  Unfortunately he only handles the EP Pipelines in the west.  Might be worth another run at their legal to see if we can modify the GISB to meet our template.  Let me know if I can help. 
 Larry,  What is the status of this permit? 
 For your review.  Let's talk early Monday. 
 Attached is the notice letter to EMP ECHO, LLC for ECS' election to take and make the distributions resulting from the payment of the note for Gallup and Kachina.  As we discussed Chris, Section 5.03 of the LLC Agreement governs the distributions and assuming the requirements of that section are met and upon provision of this notice, the note proceeds can be distributed to ECS.  Upon payment of the note by whoever HPL's assignee is, the original notes will need to be cancelled.  Nora, can locate these originals.  I am not sure if the address and fax for EMP ECHO is correct.  I pulled these from the agreement.  Need to verify. 
  Chris,  Attached is Shonnie's draft of the Closing Statement.  Note that she nets out the amount with the payment due under the amended Master Services Agreement.  Please review. 
 Harry,  We have been using Bill Bryant and the Katz Kutter law firm to represent ECS' interest in the territorial dispute between Gulf Power and WFEC.  I forwarded your email to him and asked for his input.  Attached is his input.  I think his suggestion about a meeting with all parties involved is a good one.  Let me know what you think. 
 Kyle,  Attached are the final versions of the Servitude Agreement and the Filing Form.  We made some changes to the form for consistency.  Please review.  Roger and Rakhi, Please verify the legal description provided by Enterprise.  I also have a plat which I will forward to you for review.  After everyone has reviewed and approved we should be ready to go. 
 Keith, My changes are redlined.  Please provide any comments. 
    Kyle,  Attached is the agreement with the two changes I discussed on my voice mail message.  Please review.  Do we have a property description and a plat? 
 Kay, Please see the attached. 
 Please review the attached. 
 Ken,  Please review the attached. 
 Trevor,  I created an amendment to the Energy Services Agreement based on Paul's letter of April 19.  I think that this amendment is a much cleaner way to revised the Schedules to the Agreement.  Please review the amendment and schedules.  I revised the schedules further to make the base line calculations clearer.  If OK, lets fax a copy to Paul for his review before I prepare executables.  Let me know if you have any questions.    Note:  We will also need to have a declaration of HPL and Managing Partner of HCC to review and approve this amendment.  Kevin Howard can sign and I have already prepared this document. 
 Dan,  Attached are clean and redlined versions with the changes we discussed yesterday.  Please review the exhibits on both documents one last time. 
 Ken,  Attached is a revised draft of the Hanover Agreement based on all our discussions to date.  Please review.  I would prefer one more internal review prior to forwarding to Hanover.  Please note where information is still needed concerning the specific units for the schedule forms.  Sorry for the delay. 
 Greg,  I have never been to a tasting before.  Will there be some small foods to go along with the wine?    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Dan,  Attached are clean and redlined versions incorporating the modified suggested Kennedy revisions we discussed.  Please review.  I will revised the Independant contracts later this afternoon.  I will also send you a form purchase and sale agreement for the Independant gathering facilities.  G$ 
 Here are some names. 
 I sent in the admission fees, so hope you still want to go. 
 Dan,  Attached are the latest independent docs with the Collection Facilities funding, construction, and fee structure.  I  am working on a form a construction agreement which will be attached as an Exhibit to the Field Services Agreement. 
 Dan,  Attached are the Field Services and Purchase Agreement with the changes we discussed.  As we further discussed, there will be a letter agreement between Independent and Neidigger (??) which gives independent the right to produce and market his gas in accordance with the terms of the attached agreements.  Do you have Niedigger real name and type of entity? 
 Please review and forward to IPC.  This will be required to commit Niedigger gas to our purchasing and field services agreements. 
 Fine by me. 
 Here it  is.  Please revise as necessary. 
 David,  Attached is a construction agreement draft for a $750,000 gathering system between Sapphire Bay.LLC (of which ECT, Jedi II, and Independent are members) and Independent as contractor.  Sappire Bay will own the gathering system.  Please give me a call to discuss. 
 Paul,  Attached is the draft of the Agreement for your review. 
 Ken, Attached is a redline that might make your review easier.  I didn't want to forward this one to Hanover.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached is a redline with the changes we discussed.  Please review and if it looks OK, please forward to Susan and Dave. 
 The latest and greatest including form of construction agreement. 
 Lillie,  You might try checking with Jack Simunek.  I am not sure there is any documentation on this, but he has a pretty good handle on this issue. Jim Coffey at one time issued a one page memo on just this subject.  Might also check with him.  Once we decide whether to apply this or not, putting this into a contract is a relatively simple matter. 
 Any chance they could email electronic version of this Agreement? 
 Attached is LOI with our revisions redlined.  Please review and call either Mark or myself to discuss. 
 Here it is. 
 I will be attending. 
 Dan,  Attached are the lastest turns of Kennedy.  Let me know if you or Kennedy have questions. 
 Lisa,    It is extremely hard to watch you struggle through this.  It is hard for me also.  I sit up here trying to work when the reality of our current situation weighs on me like a ton of bricks.   It is hard for me not to break down a couple of times a day, but the pace of my work usually forces me through those times.  I don't know if my calling you, asking you to lunch, or holding your hand, helps or hurts at this time.  But I am not going to let us give up on each other.  My feelings for you run too deep to just try and bury them so that I don't have to think about all the pain.  We are both struggling to find a place to start.  I want to start by just letting you know that not a day goes by without me thinking of a time when we can put this behind us.  I am not sure how to get there right now either. However, during those few precious time lately when I get to look into your eyes, I see the true Lisa (changed as she is by the last couple of years), but still Lisa nonetheless.  I need to get to know this changed true Lisa, whatever happens in the near future.  I felt I just to had to write this email.  Gerald 
 Attached is the termination letter with my revision.  Both a clean and redlined version. 
 Brian,  Attached is a draft of the termination letter.  The letter assumes the letter agreement was executed.  There also appears to be an agency agreement which appointed Merrick as agent for ROW acquisition.  This is also terminated by the letter.  I haven't heard from Shonnie yet.  Please review and add any comments you have.  Thanks 
 David Marshall (ECT risk management) insurance review.  Note the issue abou= t=20 the Delay in Start Up insurance (DSU).  I will contact Lyn Bellenhausen to= =20 see if she anticipated a pipeline project in the original LLC insurance=20 requirements. 
 Attached are David's comments.  The gathering facilities that Independent= =20 will be constructing (in their individual corporate capacity) are valued at= =20 approximately $750,000. 
 G,  How is it going?  Been a while since we spoke.  What have you been up to?  As for me, just a lot of work and little vacation worked in there.  Nothing real exciting.  Finally finished the redo of that damn kitchen.  I don't think I will be undertaking any home repair projects on my own anytime soon.  I am having Austin withdrawals and need to get back real soon.  It won't be long now though for football.  Sounds like Redding and Sims look pretty good in practices so far.  That first game makes me nervous.  NC State is a pretty good passing team and we may have freshman cornerbacks starting.  Now for the real subject.  Tailgating.  How is it shaping up this year?  Same place, cold beer, good food.  I am definitely coming in for the NC State game.  Lisa may or may not be with me.  Don't know yet.  Anyway I will be glad to contribute to the cause.  Drop me a note when you get a chance and fill me in. 
 Dan,  Attached are the 1st drafts. 
 Dan,  Please disregard the prior draft and use this one. 
 GT,  The theme of the party sounds excellent.  What time is the party on Friday and where does the boat leave?  I may take a day of vacation.  I have more than I can probably use this year.  G$    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 See attached word doc. 
 FYI 
 fyi 
 Greg,  Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Gateway Interconnect Agreement.  Please review before forwarding to Pace to make sure the ownership concept is in accordance with your negotiations.  Please call me if you have any questions and I will forward the Rio Nogales later today. 
 Attached is the draft interconnect agreement. 
 Dan,  Attached are the drafts with the revisions we discussed. Both clean and redlined against prior version. 
 Here they are.  Enjoy.  Call me to go over a few points before we forward to Denise. 
 Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Greg,  Attached is a draft settlement and release agreement for the Westfield #1.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions.  Note, the adjusted invoice is to be attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement. 
 GT,  I will be taking Friday off.  Probably drive in Friday morning or early afternoon.  What are your plans that day?  If you need any help setting up or anything let me know.  G$    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Mark,  I added Paragraph 3 in Article II to cover any obligations which ECS incurs for the drive and WT1.  Please review and if OK I will forward to Susan for her review. 
 Larry,  I made a few changes and filled in the blanks.  Please call me to discuss. 
 Would you please stop wetting your cube and blaming it on me! 
 Dan,  Attached are the documents with my revsions.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Please disregard the version I sent about 30 minutes prior and use these. 
 Dan,  Attached are the drafts with the Collection Facilities language.  Blank exhibits for the Security Agreement Form and Insurance requirements.  Will forward as soon as I am able to obtain them.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Dan,  Could you ask Denise if all the Lease Agreement are the same form.  If not, I need to see all of them. 
 Tony,  The following steps follow the contract amendment (assumes Bloomfield contract):  1.  Calculate the number of hours that the driver was down for force majeure. 2.  Subtract the hours in #1 from the total hours in the month. 3.  Calculate the Monthly Contract Quantity as defined in the amendment (Bloomfield -- 7000 times # of hours developed in #2 above) 4.  Calculate the Load Factor as defined in the agreement.  Since we don't have a load factor during those hours of the Force Majeure Event, we assume that the unit would have run at the load factor in #4 above if not for the Force Majeure event.  Thus,  5.  Multiply the Load Factor times 7000 (max HP-hrs) times # of hours of force majeure event.  This gives you the equivalent HP-hours that would have been used during the Force Majeure event or Supply Interruption. 6.  In accordance with the amended Section 3.2(a), to calculate HP-hour charge do the following:  Multiply Conversion Factor (taken from Exhibit based on load factor) times (Shaft Energy delivered + Equivalent   HP-hours during Force Majeure [this is the number calculated in #5 above]) times 1.031.  Let me know if you have any questions.  We can work through an example if we need to.  Thanks. 
 I know love isn't enough by itself.  We have to give each other more.  The types of things that make the other feel full and complete in life.  We have focused on material things,  when really more meaningful things, such telling the other that you have an interesting way of looking or thinking about some facet of life are what fills each other.  We are both bright and ambituous people who should be able to enjoy the finer things in life, but in the right context.  Not as direction, but as background to connecting as husband and wife.  Husband and wife means many things; friends, supporters, providers, sounding boards, lovers,  shoulder to cry on, someone to just hold onto, or walk hand in hand on the beach.  I want to do these things for you and want you to do them for me.   Hope you can think of me.  Love, Gerald 
 Denise,  Attached is the agreement with changes redlined.  Please review and call me if you have questions.  (713) 853-3512 
 Thought you might be interested.  Just in case you aren't recieving these emails. 
 Has the few changes we discussed. 
 Meant to copy you on this. 
 Please read the attached and respond. 
 Here it is. 
 David,  Please review the attached document, specifically Section 6.7. 
 Attached are the changes we discussed today. 
 Rude Dog,  Maverick,  It's no good up here.  I'm holding on too tight.  I've lost the edge.  Yes, it is close.  I am pretty pumped.  I am also extremely nervous about Barnette and their passing game.  Looks like Walker and Hill will be the starting corners.  Yikes!  I think our defense will be able to put some pressure on Barnette with the type of speed we have at linebacker now.  If we don't get any pressure on Barnette, I think we will likely lose this game. But I am hopeful that big Shaun Rogers will wreak havoc in the middle.  The offense is still a big questions.  The level of talent on the OL gives me comfort.  Davis, Kirk-Hughes (so big they gave him two names), Roesler, etc. are all big time.  The 1st series should be really interesting.  I think we come out passing lights out to loosen up the run defense.  Then start sending Ike off Roesler and Davis.  Occasionally send Flowers down the field on the fly and have Applewhite throw it as far as he can.  It is going to be a good one.  Which game is the first one you'll be able to go to?  How are the Australian women?  Bring pictures and stories.  Preferably with much embellishment.  G$ 
 I recieved both documents.  Thanks. 
 Attached are the revised gas purchase and gathering agreement and the new Collection Facilities Agreement.  The Collection Facilities Agreement has the insurance requirements but not the Security Documents.  I will forward the Security Doc. shortly. 
 Attached is the security document form.  Section 5.4 is missing and I will provide tommorrow.  However, in the interest of time I am forwarding the agreement for review. 
 GT,   I will be coming to this game w/o Lisa.  I plan on driving in Friday night and probably getting there about 9:00 pm.  If its okay I'll crash at your place.  Let me know how your schedule looks.  Since Lisa isn't coming I'll have an extra ticket with me on the 35. Interested? 
 This version includes the Section 5.4 language. 
 Attached is a clean and redline version of the documents.  I have the Powder River Basin Exhibit and can fax if you want to review. Please note that I added a section that allows Enron to relocate units if they are underutilized at their current location.  This was resultant of the 5 year term for the units contracted for during the initial 2 year period. 
 Kay, Please review the attached data sheet and let me know if there are any problems.  Thanks. 
 Attached are the executable documents 
 Bob,  Please print out 2 copies and have Hanover execute.  Please fax signature today to me at (713) 646-3490 and FEDEX or Courier complete contracts to me at:  EB3883 1400 Smith Houston, Tx 77002  Thanks for your help. 
 G,  I will be there about 9 pm tonight.  My cell phone # is 281-772-9250 
 I am fedexing the form of lease this morning.  Sorry for the delay. 
 Oooouch!    That one hurt.  We really kicked their butt all over the field. The defense played well, especially Ahmad Brooks.  I don't think he had one completed on him all night.  What really sucks is that we just gave this game away with the punting team. I am trying not to get too down about this.  This is  a young team that is going to make mental errors and they will improve.  I still thinks we will have a good season.  The only freshman I saw getting any PT was Cory Redding.  He looks fast out there and really crushed somebody on a kick off return.  He also got some snaps at DE on a couple of 3 and longs, but didn't do anything outstanding. Unfortunately he was also out there on the punt team during the debacles.  Victor Ike should be our starting tailback.  He look big and fast and gets yardages running in the interior.  Ike left a defender looking really stupid on his long TD run.  Sweet moves.  Hodges look about like he did last year. Had a couple of good runs but doesn't seem to use his blocking very well.  OK, so we will begin our win streak with Stanford.   The thing I really like was that Mack said he takes full responsibility for the punting problems and that he will insure that they get fixed.  Mackovic would have made excuses that essentially put the blame elsewhere.   This season could be an up and down one, but the real prize is next year and the years after.  Did you get any info on the game? 
 G,  I was thinking of bringing along a friend from Enron to the boat party. Unfortunately he is not a female so this may throw off your proper party ratio.  He is married though so he will leave the single girls alone for you and me.  His wife is out of town this weekend.  He won't mind sleeping on the floor.  Thanks for letting me hang at your place this weekend.  Lisa is a really cool girl.  You two will have fun together. 
 Attached are the latest versions.  Call me if you have any questions (713) 853-3512. 
 Mark,  Attached are the letter agreement and Purchase and Sale Agreement. Please review.  Note there is a blank date in the letter agreement which needs to be provided.  If OK I will forward to TW. 
 Clean and redlined of final version 
 FYI Attached is the latest Enron Compression Services Company structure. 
 Attached is a revised LOI for WT1.   I took out all the language concerning materials and equipment obligations incurred by ECS.  After talking with Knippa, I understand that after the sale of the motor to TW, they will be doing all of the installation.  Please review and provide comments. 
 No problem.  I will review these and get back with Cheryl.  Thanks. 
 I am not sure if these letter were sent out yet or not.  My only comment would be to add an effective date of the name change from HPLR to HPLC and ECT to ENA.   The latter is effective Sept.1, 1999.   If you have any questions, please contact me a x33512. 
 GT,   What is your schedule tommorrow.  I taking day off so I can leave whenever and be in Austin to help you out with the pre-party perparations.  G. 
 His name is Eric Gillaspie.  We will be at your casa shortly after 12. Looking forward to it.  Hook'em.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Cheryl,  We will handle the name change for ECT to ENA on the P-5 form.  Mary,  When you get a chance, come be and let's talk about what need to be done. 
 My new email info. 
 Just working on a Courtney deal while thoughts of you pop into my head.  One of the things I really love about you is how humble you are.  You are beautiful, confident, and intelligent, and yet you don't act like you know that.  I sincerely have always felt lucky to be with you. 
 Terry,  Attached is a PSA form we have used before with the perspective of Enron as buyer.  Probably a little more detailed than we need for this one since the facilities are only estimated at $200,000. Kennedy Oil is Seller and Enron Midstream Services, L.L.C. is Buyer.    Some further detail on the site lease agreement:  CounterParty is Black Hills Trucking, Inc Initial 1 year term, then month to month up to 2 years total Fee $800/month Black Hill will provide phone and electricity service hookup and Enron to reimburse Enron will directly pay phone and electricity bills Area is approximately  250 ft. X 400 ft. and is fenced off separately Include is existing 40 ft. X 40 ft. building on site. Enron reserve right to install any other building reasonably necessary for site to function as an equipment laydown yard Enron reserve right to install septic system for bathroom in buildings used by Enron Enron needs access at all times through Black Hills front gate to get to site. Enron will remove all equipment and buildings (except existing) upon termination. 
 Please see attached 
 Thanks for the quick response! 
 Rude-Dog,  Are you there? 
 GT,   Great party.  Looking forward to the next one already.  I think I left my cell phone charger in your apartment on your table.  If I did, just hold it.  I'll be back for Rice and pick it up then.  If not, I must have lost the damn thing somewhere else.  Later,  G$ 
 From the Oklahoma 100:    "Waylon Turdsby, star TE from the reigning 3-A champion Chickasha Fighting Chick-Peas gave the Sooners a verbal commitment by letter late Wednesday according to OK100 sources. This is a big boost to the Sooners who were competing with Tulsa, Anadarko Junior College and out of state powerhouse Kansas for his services. Waylon, who is 6'2", 218lbs and runs a 4.75 40 chose OU because "They serve fried pork rinds in the cafeteria and the chicks there dig mullet hairdos". Waylon plans to study business and eventually take over the family used car dealership. Waylon added "My daddy says he has done a lot of business with Sooner coaches and boosters over the years and that OU would be the best place to refine my used car selling skills." The great traditions of OU were also a factor according to Waylon, "They have this great tradition where they touch all the movie posters of OU legend Brian Bosworth before running out onto the field. You just don't get that kind of inspiration outside of OU." 
 Attached is a discussion draft of the Compression Services Agreement for Gallup. 
 Mary,  I was out of the office on Friday and unfortunately have a conflicting meeting scheduled.  Please let me know what we need to do to work out the details. 
 The operations information you requested should now be directed to Robert Morgan in Facility Planning.  I forwarded the sheets you left in my office last week to Robert for his review.  I handled this request before when I was in Facility Planning, but Robert has now taken my place.  Shonnie Daniel will work with you from the Legal Group perspective to give you any help you need. 
 Tom,  Attached is the Right of Way Services Agreement we discussed Friday.  I would like to thank you and Mark for meeting with us on short notice.  We look forward to working with you. 
 Ken,  Attached is the Black Hills Trucking lease agreement.  Please review to make sure it correctly captures your deal with Black Hills.  I am still reviewing from a legal perspective, so please do not forward until we have talked further. 
 That is hilarious.  You know it is a good party when you make the news.  Just talked to Ernie.  He didn't have your new email and work #.  He is planning on coming up for the Rice game.  You should be hearing from him shortly. 
 GT,  I think I will come in on Saturday morning.  If Lisa is out of town though and you want to chase women Friday night, my plans can change. 
 Hal,  FYI, Attached is another form of O&M agreement specifically for offshore lines.  The structure of this agreement is different from our current deal, but the provided services in this form may be a good start for the Mariner O&M form. 
 Dan,  Attached are clean and redlined version of the purchase and gathering agreement.  There is no language in these agreement about a right to match outside of the Reserve Committment Area.  I haven't had a chance to bounce a separate agreement off of Shonnie yet, but will let you know.  Call me if you have any questions. 
 Tom,  Those items will be sent to you tommorrow. 
 Lisa,  I feel so bad right now.  I never wanted anything but to be with you and love you the rest of my life.  I wish we knew how important it was to communicate with each other over the past years.  I think we are both guilty of not communicating.  It is easier to talk to some besides each other about certain things because of certain expectations or assumptions that have been built up over our portion of a lifetime together.  It hurts to now clearly understand this after things have happened.  I am scared of you moving in with Chris because I fear that we both may accept it as final.  I don't want it to be that and I want us to genuinely work on this relationship.  I want us to talk and do things together.  You are my one true love. 
 Melissa,  I wasn't able to redline this version, but I added sections 10 and 11 and added futher language to Sections 3 and 6.  Hopefully you can redline it against your old version.  Let me know what you think about environmental indemnity language.  I think is is prudent from the view that Black Hills and has been using the Premises for some time and we are not sure what is out there. 
 The easment was sent off for recording, but I have not recieved the recorded copy from the county yet.  As soons as I receive it, I will forward to John. 
 The detail that we currently have on the interconnect for Mary Jo Johnson. 
 Here it is. 
 Breaker, Breaker,  that is the Mitchell Gas Service, L.P. agreement. 
 I think these were intended for you. 
 GT,  I will probably get into Austin around lunch time.  Are you going to be at the casa? 
 Teb,  Per Mark's voice mail, attached is the letter agreement he referenced. 
 No problem Ruppie.  I am trying to find a date for tomorrow.  Will know shortly after lunch.  I will let you know.      Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com 12/14/2000 09:30 AM 
 Hello Mandy,  How are you doing?   Are you still collecting Lucites? 
 Ryan,  If you've got another taker for the tix, go ahead and let them go. The dryspell continues.      Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com 12/14/2000 09:30 AM 
 No.  I am actually pretty busy these days.  They expect work out of me. Imagine that.  How goes the job search?  Found that position in Hawaii yet?      Mandy.Bowles@email.moore.com 12/14/2000 04:43 PM 
 Thanks for your help yesterday.  Sorry about the quick turnaround.     Leslie Hansen 12/14/2000 12:28 PM 
 Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Capacity Assignment and Prearranged Release Agreement and the Trailblazer PA Assignment Agreement. The documents have been revised to reflect the amendment to Transaction No.1 to increase the DCQ by 6, 195 MMBtu per day.  A few other cleanup changes were also made.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. (713) 853-3512. 
 Renee, Did Sofregaz ask for these changes?  If so did they recommend this specific language? 
 Thanks for your help. 
 Attached are redlined and clean CSA and Gas side agreement.  Please review. I am going to make further refinements over the weekend before we send to Drew. 
 Can't I say Hello to Mandy without a specific reason for doing so?  Actually, you copied me on a joke email earlier in the week.  Just thought I would see if you would talk to me.      Mandy.Bowles@email.moore.com 12/15/2000 01:50 PM 
 Bill,  Per Mark Whitt's request, attached is our form dedicated reserves purchase agreement. 
 Art,  Per Mark Whitt's request, attached is our form dedicated reserves purchase agreement. 
 Please replace the prior version of the capacity release with the attached version.  I found a typo.  In the 5th line of the Section 2.1, the number was incorrect. 
 For the sake of completeness, attached is clean and redlined version the amended and restated Transaction No. 2 Confirm which goes along with the Capacity Release and Trailblazer Assignment docs. 
 Attached is a clean and redlined revised capacity release agreement.  The WIC capacity numbers were revised to reflect the fuel calculation.  The prior numbers were inaccurate.  Please disregard the prior version and substitute the attached. 
 Mark,  I reviewed the contracts for whether the gathering fees are charged on an Mcf vs MMBtu basis.  The following are what the contracts state:  Beartooth - MMBtu Crescendo - Mcf D&G Roustabout - MMBtu Hallwood - MMBtu LoneMountain/Premier - MMBtu National Fuels - MMBtu Northstar - MMBtu Tom Brown - Based on their stated intent to renegotiate Trend- MMBtu Wasatch - Not stated in contract.  Rate is as Wildhorse adjusts from month to month Venoco - MMBtu  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Ken,  Where are we on this? 
 Jack,  Attached is the Release, Settlement, and Termination agreement we discussed.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached is the final version.  Please forward to Black Hills. 
 Lauri,   From a legal standpoint, we can cut the nomination on an interruptible agreement at our discretion.  The contract clearly gives us this right.  I haven't specifically reviewed the contract, but I am assuming it is our standard form.  I will check this.  Yes, I would consider HISD facilities to be state facilities.  The fact that this goes to Entex first complicates the issue.  Dan,  was the intent that it be directly delivered to state facilities, or if it ultimately ended up at state facilities?      Lauri A Allen 12/19/2000 10:57 AM 
 I'll check the Global Database to see if I can find it.  Did Shonnie paper that purchase agreement?      Mark Whitt@ENRON Sent by: Mark Whitt@ENRON 12/19/2000 06:20 PM 
 Lauri,  I reviewed the contract with TGLO.  It is a standard interruptible form, so we should have no issues with interruption of the gas flows.  I also talked further with Dan concerning the contract.    We feel that the agreement strictly refers to facilities that are directly operated by the state (e.g. universities and prisons) and not school districts.  Thus, we would consider HISD to not be state facilities.  This argument is not a slam dunk, but we should probably take this approach and see how they react.  The contract also refers to gas "destined" for state facilities.  So the fact that the gas goes through another pipeline before being delivered to a state facility does not matter.  It ultimately is "destined" for state facilities. 
 Thanks for the note.  I am also glad we got to know each other this year.  We will have to make time to hang out next year, now that your LSAT is over.  Have fun in Denver and be careful of who you hang out with up there.  Merry Christmas, Gerald     Janel Guerrero@ENRON 12/20/2000 08:50 AM 
 Did you get with Roger on this or do you need me to do something on this still?     Mark Whitt@ENRON Sent by: Mark Whitt@ENRON 12/20/2000 10:27 AM 
 I am no longer a user of this application.      Howard Petty/ENRON@enronXgate 12/18/2000 09:47 AM 
 Attached for your review are drafts of the Capacity Assignment and Release Agreement and the Transaction No. 1 attached to the Master Firm Purchase Sale Enfolio.  Peter,  any input you would have on Article 3 of the Assignment Agreement would be greatly appreciated.  Stephanie is trying to get these out as soon as possible tomorrow. 
 Stephanie,  attached are redlines for your review.  I will also send an email with clean copies that you can forward to Calpine. 
 Attached are the assignment agreement, the Enfolio, and the Confirm. 
 You had asked for more information regarding Canadian renewal rights. I found language in tariff in Transcanada's website (www.transcanada..com) under the following:  NOVA FTS-R, Sec 12, FTS-D, Sec 10 BC system, Sec 4.9  Bottom line: 12 month notice prior to end of term. Once notice given, irrevocable! Must extend for at least one year.  Please call if you have questions.  Please call if you have any question.  Steph 
 Attached are the following: Gallup CSA (Clean Copy with Revisions) Gallup CSA (Redlined Copy from previous Version) Gas Conversion Agreement (1st Draft)  Please review at your convenience. 
 Brant,  The following are my responses;  1.  We don't have a problem removing fax notice as long as they are willing to leave the required termination notice at 5 days.  Since we can't fax notice, we will have to mail such notice which will take several days.  2.  We can remove affiliate assignment.  Sorry about the delay.       Brant Reves 12/15/2000 10:22 AM 
 Stephanie,  Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Release Agreement and Confirm with the changes we discussed. 
 Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Capacity Assignment and Release doc. for Calpine.  The redline has Calpine changes in light purple with Enron's changes is red.  Please review.  Stephanie, I did not resend the revised confirm which I sent earlier today. There were no changes to that doc. since the revised version I sent this morning. 
 Larry,  I am OK with the form and Robert's changes, except that the proper name is Bridgeline Storage Company, LLC.  No periods after the LLC.  Everything else looks fine. 
 Stephanie,  Attached is the clean and redlined revised Capacity Release and Assignment Agreement.  I changed the notification to require that Calpine give us notice and that we would attempt to negotiate with the pipelines to arrange an alternative to the notice.  Please review. 
 Attached is a clean and redline of the revised confirm. 
 Stephanie,  Attached is a further revision of the Capacity Release Doc.  The comments are from counsel in the Calgary office.  All the comments are consistent with the intent of the prior documents.  They mainly make the Canada section symmetric to the ENA section.  Please review. 
 Attached are clean versions of the most up to date documents.  The confirm also includes a redline copy with the changes we discussed this morning.  Please note that Calpine needs to execute the following documents:  1.  Capacity Release and Assignment Agreement 2.  Enfolio Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement 3.  Guaranty by Calpine Corporation (Included as Exhibit to Enfolio Master Agreement) 4.  Transaction No. 1 to Enfolio (the Confirm)  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Nope.  Didn't piss me off.  I know how to interpret Mandy talk.   I just have been extremely busy.  Most of the other attorneys are gone and I am catching all their overflow.  The days off were mellow.  Went to Corpus Christi to see the family.  Usually holiday cheer.  How about you?     Mandy.Bowles@email.moore.com 12/28/2000 09:24 AM 
 Melissa,  Attached is the compressor site lease with my revisions included. Please review my suggested changes as well as revision of the access road and additions of environmental indemnities. 
 Attached is latest version - due to quick turnaround, there may be a few typo's.  Julie, Gerald and I will be present. Talk to you then.... 
 Please review and let me know your thoughts on their comments.  The MAC section will come out, so disregard those comments. 
 Attached please find revisions per our conference call. Excluding all but one, we made Enfolio changes proposed by Michael. Our only deviation was to delete article 4.2,  sec vii, re: MAC.  Based on your QUICK feedback, we will send execution documents electronically so Janet can initial.  Please call me at Gerald's office if you have any questions.  Regards,  Stephanie 
 Per Janet's request. 
 Attached for your review is the final form of assignment.  The only change from the prior version is that the Renewal Notice section was changed to reflect that ECC will renew unless Calpine notifies ECC otherwise.  This was a point negotiate with Calpine.  We plan on executing these tommorrow morning. 
 Attached are the executables.  Please note the a redline of the Capacity Release and Assignment Agreement is also included.  I cleaned up references to the Renewal Notification (which are now the Non-Renewal Notification) that were missed earlier in Article 3 and Article 5.  Please note the Exhibit D of the Enfolio Master also needs to be signed by Calpine. 
 Thanks for your help and quick response on those comments.      Greg Johnston 12/29/2000 10:45 AM 
 Brant,  Attached is a clean and redlined guaranty with the changes we agreed upon.  We still need Hess' address for the notice section.  Sorry about the delay. 
 Dwight,  Attached is a form O&M Agreement that was recently used on power project in the US.  This form is very similar to the one you forwarded Steve, but is more detailed in the Scope of Services to be performed.  There are performance bonuses and penalties for electricity output.  We would have to add the steam output.  Should be very similar.  I think this form can be turned around to Coogentrix fairly quickly once we establish what the performance standards to be met are.  I will be out of the office on Jan.2 but will be back on Wednesday.  Please review.  I apologize for not getting back with you yesterday or today, but unfortunately the Calpine capacity assignment has to be signed today and it has consumed my time.  Thanks 
 Brian,  Mark forward the executed docs. to me.  The Trailblazer Assignment was not included.  I have attached the assignment in case you don't have the one I forwarded earlier.  Please execute and return.   Also the Amended and Restated Transaction No. 2 was initialled, but was not executed.  I am forwarding those back to you for execution.  Thanks for your cooperation. 
 Ken,  Attached is the form of compressor site lease agreement.  Please forward to all appropriate ROW agents.  This will be the form for screw compressor stations only.  The recips. will be a fee simple purchase and that form will follow shortly. 
 Robin,  Attached is the revised letter.  I added that Enron North America Corp.  was performing these efforts.  (If an entity other than ENA has the contract with Gordonsville, the letter should be changed to reflect the proper entity.  I removed the discussion concerning demand for cover from Citgo.  Per our discussion, we don't have that right under the contract, and since our contract is best efforts, Gordonsville doesn't have the right to demand cover.  I think this letter should be strictly a notice out of curtesy to Gordonsville.  I am going to be leaving, but you can call my cell phone if you have any questions.  (281) 772-9250. 
 Follow up on Mike's voicemail. 
 Brant,  Attached is the executable guaranty with the notice language included.  Let me know if you need anything else. 
 Ken,  Attached are the letter which allow us to disclose certain information under the Tom Brown confidentiality agreement to third parties and a nom letter for Jan - 01.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Hi Melissa,  What up? Just stuck here working late on a project and thought I would drop you a line to see if you were still alive.  Hope you had a great Christmas and New Years and were able to enjoy some time off.  I spent most of it up here working.  The workload has been incredible.  Take care, Gerald 
 For your review. 
 Attached is a very rough draft of the O&M Agreement based on our discussions.   There are several blanks concerning the numbers and I have noted several questions thoughout the agreement that need further clarification.  I am okay with sending this to the operator with the caveat that although the general substance of the agreement is in place, there may be some further changes to the language after further review.  Please review. 
 Thanks for the heads up!  I was out sick yesterday and will probably be leaving early today.  Still not feeling so good.  When do you go to London? Or have you gone already?     Mandy.Bowles@email.moore.com 01/08/2001 10:01 AM 
 Greg,   Attached is the language we propose to substitute for their proposed language in item #4 of the interconnect agreement. 
 GT,  Hey Bud,  Yea that Holiday Bowl was heartbreaking.  Never seen three TD passes dropped.  Unfortunately, I don't have Ernie's number.  He called me one time at about 11 pm on a Saturday from someone's cell phone he had borrowed and left no number.  Typical Ernie.  How are the wedding plans going?      "Townsend, George" <gtownsend@manorisd.net> 01/08/2001 12:50 PM 
 Steve,  I won't be there, but I did leave Shari a voice mail concerning the PGT Transaction we just completed.  The firm PGT capacity is ours through Nov. 1, 2008.  The remaining term is being released to Calpine.  The Capacity Release was just posted and should be completed by Jan 31, 2001.   I don't have a copy of the contract, but Stephanie Miller could provide that if needed.  It is a standard FTS-1tariff form.  This transport also backs the Canadian Producer Net Back deals.  Peter Keohane would be the one to talk to about these producer deals and their relation to the PGT Capacity.     Steve Van Hooser 01/09/2001 01:12 PM 
 Kay,  Please see the attached. 
 Stephanie,  I have the copy of the contract so don't worry about that.  Do you know of any other deals with PGT we currently hold?  Becky,  You knowledge of any other PGT deals we have along with the tariff provisions would be appreciated.  I am trying to prepare a brief for Travis by late tommorrow.  Thanks. 
 Attached is the form of brief for PGT. 
 Attached is the bilateral CA form for Universal Mark and I discussed. 
 Travis, will be receiving a matrix from outside counsel.  Let's gather the information but don't follow Sherry's form yet.  We will use this matrix when it is received.  Looks like we also have other contracts.  I will let you know when I receive the other contracts. 
 David,  Attached is the rough draft of the O&M Agreement for the Lumberton and Elizabethtown plants. 
 Attached are David's insurance comments to the original O&M Draft.  Please incorporate these into the agreement. 
 Hope you had a great weekend.  Received this out of the blue. 
 I will revise these for the exhibits when I am in Denver.  Do not delete. 
 Sorry about the delay,   I believe they are sitting on someone desk right now.  I am tracking them down.  No problem just usual stacks of paper delays.      "Bransgrove. Alan" <Alan.Bransgrove@xemkt.com> 01/15/2001 03:32 PM 
 Hey Kevin,  How is it going cousin?  Found the napkin that you left your email address on at Kenneally's.  Man, I really was loaded by the time I left that place.  I went down to CC the next day and told my parents we had met. They said they had just been at your wedding not to long before Christmas. Small world!  How's Houston treating you?  Been back to Kenneally's since?  Drop me a line when you get a chance.  Gerald, 
 Eric,  Plan on attending this with me. 
 Phil,  I forwarded this to Shonnie Daniel.  She is handling these matters now.     "Philip Rouse" <fliprouse@email.msn.com> 01/13/2001 12:49 PM 
 Hey Karry,  Are you still out there?  Hope everything is going well for you and your Holidays were great.  I am doing good.  Just the usual - work, party, work, party. 
 Hi Kristi, =20  Hope 2001 is treating you well so far.  We might be interested in the Flowe= r=20 Garden trip.  What is the price for these trips? 
 Based on the current draft of the O&M agreement, we do have the ability to (i) terminate each agreement for a one time fee of $200,000, or (ii) suspend all or a portion of the O&M services for a period of time and the parties would then meet to determine a mutually agreeable adjustment to the then current Operating Fee.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Stephanie,  Attached is the PA and TSA with my comments redlined.  Before you forward to Kern, let's discuss. 
 Yes,  I was under the weather for a rough 4 or 5 days, but I am pretty much over it now.  I think I partied too hard in New Orleans over New Years! Impressive, on George Dubbya's invite list.  You must know some people in high places.  Have fun and give me a shout when you get back and we'll do something.  Later.     Janel Guerrero@ENRON 01/18/2001 02:21 PM 
 Chris,  Attached is the PA with the language we discussed included. 
 Ken,  Attached is the revised agency agreement.  I accepted all you changes you forwarded earlier and added an indemnity section.  Please review and let me know if you want to discuss. 
 I do play guitar, but I am really still just learning.  I can play bit and pieces of various songs.  Might be fun to attempt to jam together anyway. Are your drums here in Houston?     Kevin Jurica <KJurica@syntexsolutions.com> 01/17/2001 07:46 AM 
 Yes,  It depends on when and how much.  Any details yet?     Patricia_Cuero@Dell.com 01/19/2001 11:08 AM 
 I think we are finally in agreement on the agency agreement. 
 Mark,  Attached is the revised letter agreement.  Please review and if acceptable forward to Gulf.  In addition to the items you and I discussed, I also added an arbitration clause.   This is standard for all Enron deals. Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Is this being looked at as an ENA acquistion also, or solely a Crescendo acquisition? 
 What is the time frame? This agreement looks to need significant revisions.     "Ken" <kckrisa@apex2000.net> 01/23/2001 03:52 PM Please respond to kckrisa 
 Term sheet for Huber deal. 
 Steve,  We will probably use outside counsel that has worked with Crescendo before to handle this from Crescendo's perspective.  I will coordinate from ENA's perspective.  I am working with Teresa on this issue.     Steve Pruett@ENRON 01/23/2001 06:00 PM 
 No plans for Thursday yet.   Might get tied up at work a little late but could meet you guys there later. Around 8:00.  Let me know.      Kevin Jurica <KJurica@syntexsolutions.com> 01/23/2001 04:59 PM 
 David,  Have you had a chance to review these requirements?  Let me know. 
 Stephanie,  Attached are the revised PA and TSA per our discussions today. 
 Steve,  I think we are going to use Bill Ward with Pruitt-Gushee. I am trying to confirm this with Teresa.   He worked on the original Crescendo transaction.  I talked to Ken and his is okay with this also.      Steve Pruett@ENRON 01/25/2001 09:34 AM 
 Clement, Enron Corp. currently has an executed guaranty for up to $12 mil which guaranties Bridgeline Gas Marketing LLC deals with Superior Natural Gas Corporation.  ENA owns 40% of Bridgeline.  The guaranty severally obligates Enron Corp. for 40% of the $12 mil and Texaco Inc. for the other 60%.  The attached amendment increases the guaranty amount to $25 mil per Superior's request.  Please review and if acceptable obtain execution by Enron Corp. Please call me at x-33512 with any questions.  Brant,  This form will probably work for the Texaco guaranty also.  I don't have a copy of the Texaco guaranty though and I need to review it to make sure it is identical to the Enron form.  Can you obtain a copy for me? 
 They are based out of Salt Lake City, Utah.     Steve Pruett@ENRON 01/25/2001 11:32 AM 
 Brant,  Any luck obtaining a word file for the Potash Guaranty or the Bridgeline Credit Services Agreement? 
 Sorry, Sorry,  I missed your birthday last week.  Hope you had a great birthday with Will and his family.  Are things going well in the Big D?  I have been doing fine.  Work keeps me pretty busy.  Happy Birthday!  Gerald 
 Bill,  I am forwarding an agreement I have discussed with Susan Clark last week.  She suggested I forward this to you.  The attached agreement addresses the power line facilities for Enron Compression Services Company's electric motor drivers in Florida.  The agreement has been highly negotiated to this point, but I wanted to get your general view of the structure prior to executing this with Gulf.  We are trying to execute quickly.  Susan could give you more context on our situation with Gulf.  Please call me if you have any questions (713) 853-3512. 
 This doesn't explain Friday night, though.      Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com 01/29/2001 08:40 AM 
 Tana,  This isn't something we worked on.  I know the NNG and TW have been= =20 using EOL to auction capacity, so this is probably something the TW=20 attorney's have worked on.  Not sure.  Let me know if I can be of any help. 
 Pat,  Please print these out for me.  Thanks. 
 Brian,  Thanks for the camping trip this weekend.  It did help me clear my mind and sort some things out.  This is a tough time right now, but having good friends like you will help me get through this.  Thanks again.  The Artist. 
 "Gerald Nemec" <Gmemec@houston.rr.com> 01/30/2001 08:48 PM 
 You and Richard had agreed to put in the Feb 28 deadline for providing alternative rates in Sec 1.7 of the PA  WE are planning to add the following to the end of the 3rd sentence:  by no later than February 28, 2001.  we need to be sure to have that information since so that decision can be made within the 15 day window. Otherwise, we may have less than 15 days.  Please advise.  Thanks  Stephanie 
 Chris,  The original transaction agreement were done via fax.  We only have fax copies. The two amended and restated transaction agreement #2's he sent on Dec. 21 were inadvertently not executed by Huber.  I sent them back, but somewhere they got lost in the shuffle.  Let's have him execute the copies you left with him. 
 GT,  Hey Bud!  Sounds good.  I am around this weekend.  Let me know what's up.  G      "Townsend, George" <gtownsend@manorisd.net> 02/01/2001 10:39 AM 
 Bill,  Attached are my revisions to Tom Brown's PSA.  Please incorporate these into your document.  I may still have a few more revisions, but wanted to get this draft out ASAP.  I will let you know of any other revisions as soon as possible. 
 I am open tonight.  Let me know what time you're coming in.  I can help you tomorrow too.  You can reach me at the following:  H (713) 942-8006 W (713) 853-3512 Cell (281) 772-9250    "Townsend, George" <gtownsend@manorisd.net> 02/02/2001 09:35 AM 
 Per our discussion attached is the revised CSA.  I will forward the revised Lease and O&M Agreements (reflecting the equipment change) early next week. 
 Ken,  Attached is a draft of my comments to the gathering agreement.  I have made it clear in the language that the agreement is fully interruptible at our discretion.  The agreement is still a keep whole on the liquids.  I did not change this section.  Also I did not review or change Exhibit A.  I will leave that to you. 
 Barbara,  Attached is the term sheet with my revision.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached is a draft Change Order for the Electric Drive Compressor Station. Please review. Specifically note the Compressor Contract Price Sheet and how Merrick Modified the Target Price definition.  Also I envision using this same format for the Dew Point Plant Change Order  . 
 Staci,  Your proposed language is acceptable.  Thanks for your help.     STACI HOLTZMAN @ ENRON 09/27/99 03:17 PM 
 Attached are my comments to the TBI proposal.  Please review and let me know if you have any comments.    I also wanted to clarify a point on the Tom Brown form of gathering agreement.  The revised form is an interruptible agreement with no acreage dedication.  Since Tom Brown removed all the acreage dedication language, it is my understanding that they were not willing to give us an acreage dedication.  To the extent we modeled our economics on any Tom Brown production, I wanted to make sure everyone understands that these volumes are not committed to the system we are purchasing and can be taken by Tom Brown to someone else at their discretion. 
 Per your voice mail, attached is the TBI proposal as revised. 
 For Gathering Agreement  Add to definitions  Interruptible - The term "interruptible" as used herein means that Gatherer, in its sole and unfettered discretion, shall have the right to interrupt, curtail or suspend the receipt, transportation or delivery of Gas hereunder at any time and from time to time without any liability to Shipper by reason thereof.  For PSA Agreement  Add to end of Section 4.01(b) and (d) - , except for Purchaser's receipt of written approval of all members of Crescendo Energy, LLC as set forth in Section 7.03(d) Add to beginning of Section 4.01(c) -  Subject to Purchaser's receipt of written approval of all members of Crescendo Energy, LLC as set forth in Section 7.03(d)  Add as Section 7.03(d) - Purchaser's receipt of written approval of all members of Crescendo Energy, LLC. 
 Pat,  Please print these for me. 
 Thank You for the Birthday greeting.  Congratulations again to you and Will!!     Sharon Snyder <ssnyder@shelton.org> 02/08/2001 11:20 AM 
 Boy, That brings back memories.  Thanks for reminding me that I no longer have the joy of coming to work every day and receiving another duct tape nugget of wisdom.      Mandy.Bowles@email.moore.com 02/08/2001 08:36 AM 
 I have the form that we used for the Enron Amendment, but I need to see a copy of the original Texaco guaranty before I can finalize a form for Texaco.  Can you provide me a copy of the Texaco guaranty?    Brant Reves 02/12/2001 10:07 AM 
 Thanks for the info.  I will prepare the amendment.     Brant Reves 02/12/2001 10:13 AM 
 Non-smoking. 
 Attached is the form of amend for the Texaco guaranty wrt Superior Natural Gas. 
 I will get this to you tomorrow morning.     Brant Reves 02/12/2001 04:04 PM 
 Attached is the amended and restated ExxonMobil Guaranty form 
 I made the call.  I called Lisa to get her to fax me some paperwork to get my car out of the wrecker lot.     Edward Nemec <ednemec@earthlink.net> 02/13/2001 08:44 AM 
 Kay,  PLease see the attached. 
 G,  Is it possible for me to crash at su casa on Sat. night?     "Townsend, George" <gtownsend@manorisd.net> 02/09/2001 09:58 AM 
 Hey Ernie,  Hope you are not working too hard.  Wanted to check and see if you were planning on attending GT's bachelor party.  If so you can catch a ride with me.  I am planning on driving in Saturday and coming back sometime Sunday. Let me know if you interested. 
 Attached is the bilateral form of CA. 
 Staci's latest on the CSA.  Please review. 
 That is unbelievable.  Make you really stop and think and put things in perspective.  I am planning on coming in for the game.  Probably Friday night since the game is earlier than last time.  Let me know what you schedule looks like. Later. 
 E,   I will probably leave about noon or shortly thereafter on Sat. probably return about the same on Sun.     "Zavaleta, Ernie" <Ernie.J.Zavaleta@fritolay.com> 02/14/2001 10:33 AM 
 Per Mark Whitts request, attached is the form of ENA's Enfolio Master Firm Purchase/Sale form. 
 Thanks for grossing me out.  Have a good one also!    Lisa Nemec 02/14/2001 02:04 PM 
 Please use the attached credit sheet from Russell to prepare a new Master with AEC. 
 for your review.  Gulf is trying to file this by Friday.  Let's talk tomorrow. 
 Susan,  Attached is the draft petition.  Please review and lets discuss. 
 Mark,  Attached are drafts of the confirms.  Please review and if acceptable, please forward.  Sorry for the delay. 
 Pat,  As you probably guessed, I won't be able to make it on the trip. Sounds like fun, but work schedule and funds availability wouldn't allow for it. Sorry to be so delinquent in getting back to you.  I appreciate the invite and lets keep in touch.   Are you keeping Mark in line these days?       Patricia_Cuero@Dell.com 02/02/2001 02:30 PM 
 Russell,  Attached is the new master.  I have asked Debra to prepare the letter agreement to move all existing transactions to this new master. 
 Attached is the form of master agreement which I sent to you earlier today. Please forward to AEC to facilitate their review.  I have highlighted the sections that are different from the existing master in place with AEC.  I did not have the original 97 agreement on word document so I simply highlighted those sections. 
 Attached is a revised petition which includes the section of ECS' discussions with WFEC.  Please review.  I sending out this draft for the sake of saving time without review by my clients and am asking them to review as well.  I assume the next step is for Jeff to revise the conclusion with the bullets points and circulate a final draft for everyone's review.  Let me know if this is not the case.  Thanks for your help. 
 Did get delivered to you the first time. 
 Attached is the document with both Susan's and my comments.  Please incorporate into your final draft. 
 Hey EZ,  Paul's number is 760-510-8090.  I haven't called him yet but need to. Yea it was good to hang out with you again this weekend.  I did look up that Acura on the internet .  Looks interesting.  We'll have to give her a test drive.  Later, G 
 I have received and will begin my review.  When can I expect the coal hauling contract.     Bill White <billwhite@mvalaw.com> 02/15/2001 03:50 PM 
 Ernie,  That sounds cool.  Do you need credit card to book?  I checked out the Acura sites.  Vehicle looks pretty sweet.      Ernie.J.Zavaleta@fritolay.com 02/20/2001 03:00 PM 
 That address should be correct.  Try this one:  bieraugel@efortress.com  It should also work.     Ernie.J.Zavaleta@fritolay.com 02/20/2001 03:53 PM 
 Pat,  Please print hard copies of these for me.  Thanks. 
 Attached are the Enfolio and GISB Spot Contracts.  Let's discuss. 
 Did you make it to work ok this morning?  I am extremely because somebody kept me up late last night. Not that I am complaining.  Probably not going to do some of my finest work today.  Seriously, I had a great time last night.  Gerald 
 FYI 
 Staci,  Attached is the final draft of the petition we are jointly filing with Gulf Power Company.  The plan is to file it tomorrow in Tallahassee.  I will get with you shortly on finalizing the CSA amendments. 
 Mark,  Attached is the confirm for the Nymex.  I revised it to reference the new master to be signed this month. 
 Mark,  Attached is the confirm with my revisions. 
 Mark,  Attached is the revised confirm.  I added a provision which requires AEC to execute a new master as soon as reasonably possibly and upon such execution this TA and all TA's between AEC and ENA in place will be governed by the new Master.  Let me know if that meets your understanding. 
 That's disgusting.     Brian Hendon@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 02/22/2001 03:16 PM 
 Per Chris' phone call attached are the suggested changes to the side letter. 
 Please disregard the version sent earlier.  I inadvertently failed to remove the language in the ( ).  Please use this version. 
 Sunni,  Attached is our form of construction agreement.  Exhibit C still needs to be completed by us as we will be providing materials.  Exhibit D needs to be completed by Mountain West.  I will Fedex the execution originals tommorrow.  Let me know if you have any questions.  (713) 853-3512 
 Per our discussion. 
 Per Mark Whitt's request I am forward our Enfolio Master Spot Contract and the Confirm with the deal details. 
 --- Per Mark Whitt's request I am forward our Enfolio Master Spot Contract and the Confirm with the deal details. 
 Pat,  Please print these documents out and fax to Art McMullen at (403) 234 - 7540.  Please put a note on the fax that I had tried to email to him the docs. at amcmullen@canscot.com but it bounced it back to me as undeliverable. 
 Still not sure you actually work at Cox Comm.  since you haven't emailed from that address and my email didn't go through!  I had better do some more background checks.     bswaldrop@aol.com 02/23/2001 07:24 AM 
 Mark,  Attached is a draft of the CMS Letter Agreement.  Please review and lets discuss.  I am not sure I have the correct CMS entity. 
 Attached is the form. 
 Stephanie,  I reviewed the Confid. Agreement.  The attached riders need to be added to the agreement and the term should not exceed 2 years.  Let me know if you want to discuss or have questions. 
 Testing.  Testing.  This is a test of the Waldrop email systems.  This is only a test.  If this were a real email, there would be a much more meaningful and heartfelt message contained herein.      "Waldrop, Barbara (CBI-Houston)" <Barbara.Waldrop@cox.com> 02/23/2001 11:27 AM 
 Mark,  I talked with Jeff Stone this morning concerning the petition.  The petition did not get filed on Friday as planned.  Jeff had left for Tallahassee prior to the FEDEX arriving on Friday morning.  They also wanted to have Katz-Kutter (our counsel in Fla.) sign the transmittal letter for the petition prior to sending.  This way the petition is sent by the customer and not the utility.  Bill Bryant at Katz-Kutter was unavailable Fri.  Jeff assured me that they will get this filed today.  I asked him to call me once filed.  We need to start thinking about the best way to approach WFEC after this petition is filed.  It sounds like Alabama Electric Cooperative is the way to approach this.  Do we know someone in our power trading group who works with AEC?   Might be useful to approach it through that relationship. 
 Ernie,  How is it going?  Did you have a good weekend?  I actually had to work for part of it, so my weekend wasn't all that great.  Were you able to book a room for me?  Wanted to be sure that was taken care of.     Ernie.J.Zavaleta@fritolay.com 02/20/2001 03:50 PM 
 Ernie,  Thanks for taking care of that.   I will probably be getting into Austin earlier than you.  I'll have my cell phone with me.  (281) 772-9250. If you get into town earlier, give me a call.  Otherwise why don't you just call me at the room when you get to the hotel.   Sounds great, we'll ride over together.  I might bring this girl I have kinda been seeing with me.  My latest victim.  We'll see.    I believe that's correct.  The wedding is at 7.  Thanks for the Dilliards tip.  I was going to ask about that.  G      Ernie.J.Zavaleta@fritolay.com 02/26/2001 12:09 PM 
 Andrew,  Attached is a rough draft of the CSA.  I am still reviewing the version, but it is substantially correct.  In the interest of time I am forwarding this for your review.  Please note Section 3.4.  I am a little concerned about this section from a retail wheeling standpoint.  I am trying to find local counsel in Pa to review this section.  Please review and lets discuss. 
 Mark,  Please review my attached change to the confirm.  This makes it clear that if we don't like their changes to the Master we will not accept them and the existing Master still governs.  If acceptable I will forward back to AEC.  Russell,  AEC is reviewing the Master and indicated they would have comments within a week or so.  The plan is now to execute this confirm and follow up with the new master.  The credit language that was in the earlier version has been removed. 
 I know.  It seems as though Mr. Rudy is in love, so damned the consequences!!  How are you doing?  Work treating you okay?  How is the law school application going?     Janel Guerrero@ENRON 02/27/2001 10:07 AM 
 GT,  Do you know if Clifton is in Houston or near home?  MD Anderson is here so I thought he might be in Houston. 
 My Dearest Barbara,  I long for the time when I can gaze into your lovely golden brown eyes and lose myself in your innate beauty.  The sheer black leather rockies revealing your strong athletic form tonight will be a wonderful memory upon which I can call upon to see me through any of life's most challenging obstacles. Sigh!!!!!!!  I plan on leaving for the magical journey tonight as soon as humanly possible.  For who can think of work when one so lovely as Barbara awaits.  I can take journey upon my green Camry steed to pluck the lovely young Ms. Waldrop from those two known as Steve and Gina, and we will abound on towards fate.  Perchance it might be best for Barbara to come seek me out, as I am adrift without direction to the place where Steve and Gina reside.  Yours truly, Gerald     bswaldrop@aol.com 02/27/2001 02:03 PM 
 I am doing well.  Staying busy with work as usual.  Wow, your new job sounds like fun.  I wouldn't mind going to NYC once in a while.  I am around next week.  Maybe we could grab lunch or a happy later next week.  Let's talk early next week.      Janel Guerrero@ENRON 02/27/2001 11:47 AM 
 Ann,  Attached is the confirm with revisions.  I tweaked the language to make it clear that the transaction is governed by the existing master until we get the new one executed.  Please review and if OK, I can prepare executables for signature.  Please keep me updated on the status of the review of the new master.  Thanks. 
 Please review Section 7.3 and 7.4 closely.    I will be sending the revised LOI shortly. 
 7:00 pm is fine and I knew you still had a thing for David.     bswaldrop@aol.com 02/27/2001 03:20 PM 
 Andrew,  Attached is the form of LOI for your review. 
 Mike,  I never did receive a executed copy of the Master and Transaction Agreement between EES and Enron Compression Services Company.  Do you have a copy and could you send it to me? 
 Jeff,  At this point we are considering approaching WFEC and AEC to discuss this with them.  Do you see any potential pitfalls from your side with doing so?      "Stone, Jeff A." <JASTONE@southernco.com> 02/28/2001 07:31 AM 
 Heather,  I did receive the Ash Handling Agreement from Bill White and I am reviewing and should have comments shortly.  I  have not received the Coal Handling Agreement yet from Kris' attorney.      Heather Kroll 02/27/2001 03:26 PM 
 GT,  Are you going to be at happy hour tonight or at the house? 
 THIS TERM SHEET PROPOSAL IS FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY TO FACILITATE THE NEGOTIATION PREPARATION AND EXECUTION OF A DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT.  THIS TERM SHEET PROPOSAL IS NOT AN OFFER OR COMMITMENT BY BUYER OR ANY AFFILIATE OF ENRON NORTH AMERICA CORP.   ALL PRICES AND TERMS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE UNTIL SUCH TIME WHEN A DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT MAY BE SIGNED.  THIS TERM SHEET PROPOSAL IS NOT INTENDED TO CREATE A BINDING OR ENFORCABLE AGREEMENT OR CONTRACT OR TO BE COMPLETE AND INCLUSIVE OF ALL THE TERMS OF THE SUBJECT TRANSACTION.  FURTHERMORE, THIS TERM SHEET PROPOSAL IS NOT A COMMITMENT OR AGREEMENT TO ENTER INTO A BINDING AGREEMENT OR CONTRACT IN THE FUTURE. 
 Mark,  Attached is a draft of the Owner's Engineer Agreement for the Gulf Power transmission facilities.  Please review.  Note that I need some input on the following:  1.  Description of Services - Exhibit "A" 2.  Rate Schedule - Exhibit "B" 
 Ruppie,  I don't have her email.  I have her office number, but it is at the house.      ryan.ruppert@exxonmobil.com 02/28/2001 01:25 PM 
 Hey Dena,  Thanks for accompanying me to lunch today.  I really enjoyed our conversation.  You are very charming.  The rest of this week is pretty crazy and I am going to Austin for my friends wedding this weekend, but would you be interested in getting some dinner sometime next week?  Maybe Wed. or Thursday evening?  Gerald 
 That's fine.  Actually I really need to catch up on my sleep and my Napster downloading.  Have fun with your friends and I'll chill out at my crib. Yes,  my face has taken a beating in recent months.  Tell Casey I will live.      bswaldrop@aol.com 02/28/2001 04:15 PM 
 Andrew,  Attached is the CSA.  I added some language in the HP-hour Charge section concerning the minimums.  I wasn't able to download the spreadsheet into the doc.  I think it needs to be formatted into word and my assistant is not here today.  We can just print out the excel file and attach for now. Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Did you ever receive these documents?  If so, I need the originals. 
 Ann,  I am going to FEDEX the Transaction Agreement to you for sig.  What is your address? 
 Oops.  I just found the address on the TA.  I will just FEDEX there. 
 I will probably get to the casa about 9:00 pm.  Check out the attached.  Not sure if you heard, but K-State's President published a letter in which he called UT a bunch of wealthy arrogant Texans.  The attached is in response. See ya tonite.    - mastercard_UT.jpg 
 Mark,  Do you have these documents? 
 David,  Could you please review the following agreement.  Specifically Paragraph 11 which covers insurance.  ReUse will be providing ash handling services under this agreement.  This same agreement will be used for both Lumbertown Power, LLC and Elizabethtown Power, LLC.  These are the power plants in the Alamac transaction.  We are looking at replacing the existing Ash and Coal handling agreements with new ones.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Tyrell,  Not sure if you sent this out yet, but if you didn't;  In the disclaimer section - the second sentence refers to "Buyer".  This needs to be changed to Enron North America Corp.      Tyrell Harrison@ENRON 03/01/2001 11:15 AM 
 Attached is the form of CA.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Ha  Ha Ha.  I forgot.  No need for the attitude though.      ryan.ruppert@exxonmobil.com 03/02/2001 10:56 AM 
 Yes,  the "or something" part.  Did Gillaspie tell you were are going to Lil Woodrows for suds after work today?    ryan.ruppert@exxonmobil.com 03/02/2001 01:05 PM 
 I have tentatively set up a 2:00 central time conference call with Bill Bryant to discuss sitting down with the staff of PSC to discuss our petition.  Are you available at this time? 
 Kay,  Please review the attached data sheet and let me know if there any problems.  Thanks for your help. 
 Melissa,   I would prefer to have Brian Bierbach sign.  His title is Vice President.  Let me know if you need anything else. Thanks. 
 Approximately 5:30!    ryan.ruppert@exxonmobil.com 03/02/2001 02:43 PM 
 Clement,  Attached is a form of Enron Guaranty which has been marked up by the counterparty.  The guaranty would back to LLC which are owned by ENA to develop power plants.  The guaranty backs a Precedent Agreement and a long term firm transport agreement.  Please review the comments and let me know what you think. 
 Brant,  Attached are the form of the JV Cinergy Guaranties.  I will route the ENA for signature.  Please note Section 2.  I made these JV guaranties secondary to the Bridgeline Guaranty.  Is March 1, 2000, the correct effective date for these. 
 Debra,  We need to prepare a spot purchase master and confirm for the following deal.  Please let me know if their is any further information that you need.  I don't believe they have an existing master spot, but we should check this. Thanks. 
 I am available at 1 pm.  Let me know if that still works for you.      Heather Kroll 03/04/2001 03:01 PM 
 FYI 
 Hi Dena,  Hope you had a good weekend.  I went to Austin for my friends wedding.  Got to see a lot of old friends that I haven't seen in a while, so that was cool.  Sounds like your pretty busy these days.  I can understand that with the transition moving forward.  Lunch would be great.  I am open later this week or early next week.  Let me know what you schedule looks like.  Gerald     Dena Pawlowski@ENRON 03/02/2001 11:09 AM 
 Attached are the Master Enfolio Spot and the Transaction Agreement for the North Finn, LLC transaction.  Please review and if acceptable, forward to North Finn for execution. 
 FYI,  Haven't reviewed it yet, but here is the latest. 
 Nick,  Attached is the form of services agreement.  The form is a little different than Steve Van Hooser's original form.  This a form that we used in Wyoming which I modified to fit this context.  I will prepare the tasking letter based on your scope of work and forward shortly.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached is the form of fee simple purchase agreement that we will use for the reciprocating compressor sites.  Please forward to all appropriate land personnel. If you have any questions please call me at your convenience. 
 How is your day going?  Generally manageable around here.  One of the assistants found out I used to be an Iron Maiden fan (technically, I still am)  and brought me an old Iron Maiden poster.  Boy is that going to look good in the house.  I know this is really impressing you.  Talk at ya later, G$ 
 Attached is the tasking letter based on the scope of work you provided. Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 The change if fine.  We also need to add the completion date for the services in  Part I Section 3.  I left it blank since I did not have that information.      Nick Cocavessis@ENRON 03/07/2001 10:50 AM 
 Attached are the Professional Services Agreement and the associated Tasking Letter.  Please review. 
 I went to the floor with the intention of checking this guy out, but when I got there I felt stupid and didn't really feel the need to pursue that.  I am actually sorry I mentioned it to you.  Insensitive on my part.  It is not a huge concern to me at this point.  How is your day going?  Have you gone out of your way to talk to Cynthia yet?      bswaldrop@aol.com 03/07/2001 12:57 PM 
 FYI 
 Staci,  Attached is the CSA with my comments redlined.  Please review and let's discuss. 
 I would include language which also obligates Calpine to take assignment of the Precedent Agreement with Kern and any associated firm transport contracts and to meet Kern's credit requirements in doing so.  I would propose the following in addition to the Guarantee language;  Calpine agrees to satisfy any requirements of Kern River and execute any and all documents as may be reasonably necessary to effectuate, as of the Closing, the permanent assignment/release  from Enron North America Corp. to Calpine of (i) that certain Precedent Agreement for Firm Transportation Service between Enron North America Corp. and Kern River dated _______, 2001 (the "Precedent Agreement") and/or (ii) any firm transportation agreements entered into in accordance with the Precedent Agreement ((i) and (ii) collectively referred to as the "Kern Transport") such that Kern River (a) agrees to look solely to Calpine for all obligations with respect to the Kern Transport and (b) unconditionally releases ENA from all obligations for demand/reservation charges, and all other charges related to the Kern Transport.  Obviously there is still the risk that if Calpine doesn't close or meet Kern River's credit requirements, then ENA is still left holding this contract. If you have any question, please contact me at (713) 853-3512.      Ron Coker@ENRON 03/07/2001 07:17 PM 
 Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Sounds good.  I let Eric know.  He's not sure if he will make it, but oh well, I gave him the invite.  Are you still cranking away at work?  Kicking butt and taking names.     bswaldrop@aol.com 03/08/2001 10:41 AM 
 Attached are the following forms:  1.  Pipeline ROW 2.  Compressor Site Lease (for Screws) 3.  Compressor Site Purchase (for Recips)  I am distributing these for the sake of completeness. You may have already received theses forms. 
 I am still working through these comments.  Let me know what you think. 
 Ann,  I have received your comments to the Enfolio and will review them. Have you received the confirms for the Transaction and executed yet? 
 Stephanie,  I made on small change.    Also attached is the Assignment agreement for Kern River. 
 It is going fine so far!  We'll see about the rest of the day.  Eric and I tried a new burger place for lunch.  I was bad and had a cheeseburger con fries.  Now I am struggling to even stay awake.  Nap. Nap.  Any idea on your ETA at Woodrow's this evening? 
 Two words about my after work activities.  Proper Pumpitude!!  I have to work that cheeseburger off.  Why don't I call you on your cell when I get showered up and if your already past mi casa or at the bar, I will just meet you there.  Sound good?       bswaldrop@aol.com 03/08/2001 02:12 PM 
 Chris,  Attached is the form of CA for Power Engineers, Inc.  Let  me know if you have any qeustions. 
 Please print these on Enron logo only letterhead.  Need to create a header for Enron Compression Services Company on these documents. 
 Attached is the information of Barbara's friend. Happy hunting.  I give you a call later about Satellite.  Work-713-560-8065 Cell-713-498-2423 
 Paul,  Attached is a resume of a gas trader that is looking for a job at Enron.  David knows her, but I don't.  Any idea's on who needs to see this or if Enron is even interested in higher more traders? 
 Attached are the revised drafts.  Please note the following:  1.  I revised the FERC language but haven't yet talked to Drew about this concept.  He is in Houston somewhere and I have a call in to him.  2.  The Equivalent HP concept was removed.  Thus a Force Majeure or Utility interruption event will interuppt the Compression Services Charge.  3.  Please review the unwind language carefully in the Conversion Agreement.  4.  I added an arbitration provision.  This is standard in ENA or affiliate contracts.  The O&M form will follow shortly. 
 FYI,  Seems like the number is getting bigger and there may still be more numbers out there.  Let's discuss. 
 Shut Up!!     Paul.Pfeffer@bakerbotts.com 03/11/2001 04:32 PM 
 I'll be here all week.  Let me know when you receive the letter.     Chris Meyer 03/12/2001 08:24 AM 
 Kay,  Please see attached.  If you could let me know ASAP I would appreciate it. 
 Please see the attached revision per our phone discussion this morning.  If acceptable please fax executed CA to (713) 646-3490. 
 Kay,  Do we have a Confidentiality Agreement in place with this entity? 
 Terry,  Attached is a typical form that was executed.   Specifically Section 3.3 under which we will be curtail are takes from the Producers and any requirements to take pro rata from producers in Wyoming.  Thanks.  Any possibility of getting feedback by tommorrow.  Thanks. 
 Russell,  I am still reviewing.  We are light this week on attorney's due to spring break and I am catching a lot of overflow.  I will try to get through it as soon as possible.      Russell Diamond/ENRON@enronXgate 03/13/2001 09:10 AM 
 Brant,  Attached is clean and redlined copy of the revised Credit Services Agreement with Bridgeline.  I made significant revisions to this document. In general the document was very thin and needed to be reinforced to provide a more detailed deal arrangement.  Please review  and if credit is OK, I am fine to send this to Bridgeline.  Please note that I did leave an open question on the fee structure.  The agreement currently provides for a flat fee of $10,000 per month for the services.  Do we need to be reimburse for any third party expenses to perform the services or would all services be internal and included in the flat fee? Need to establish this before we send out to Bridgeline.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 You are so cool.  I can't believe that the person in that picture with the biggest rock band of all time, was in my bed last night.  Wow!  Everyday I found something out that just makes me want you more and more!  Ha Ha Ha  How is Ms. Barbara doing today?  I am weary from the pile of other people's projects couched on top of my head but "I will survive, Hey Hey".  I've lost the edge Maverick,  I am holding on too tight! 
 Attached is a rough draft of the O&M Agreement 
 In case you are not on your work email. 
 Rock and Roll!!!!!!! 
 Jean,  FYI, I have faxed the executed CA back to Entergy concerning Highland Energy.  They should be good to move forward with discussion.  Let me know if you need anything else. 
 I forwarded your picture to Eric and your little comment about you wanting to join Quiet Riot has sent shockwaves through the members of Monkey Pump. First of all,  you haven't even been voted into the band yet (seems the chances are getting less likely with you already shopping your skills on the market) and now you already discussing new ventures.  Secondly, Monkey Pump is not a stepping stone.  We are big time and those has beens "Quiet Riot" will wish for just a small portion of our fame and fortune.  I guess this does add a new dimension to the much anticipated VH-1 Behind the Music: Monkey Pump episode.  "Monkey Pump was on its way, they were only 5 years away from their first album, but little did they know that the person who they weren't even really sure they wanted to be their lead singer, already had other designs on reviving a heavy metal icon from long ago.  When we return on behind the music............" 
 Eric and I will discuss this and get back with you.  In the meantime we had better not see you at any photo ops with Poison or Warrant. 
 Mark,  Attached is the letter agreement we discussed.  Please review.  It is rough.    Some issues to note:  1.  The Kern PA cannot be assigned without their consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.  If Kern didn't like the fact that we are receiving assignment from 3 or 4 other shippers, they might withhold consent if they thought we were superceding their bid procedures.  Not sure if they would, but it is a risk.  2.  If the assignment is done after the producer executes the firm transport agreement, Kern could require to capacity to be released via capacity release at max rate.  3.  I took a stab at the mark-to-market calculation.  Probably needs more substance though.  Lets discuss. 
 Attached for your review is a draft letter for third parties whom with we plan to participate in the Kern River Open Season.  Barry asked that I forward to you as well for review. 
 Per Steve's request, I am forwarding a phone number of a consulting company that produces maps which show all pipeline in Texas (sorted by county).  This might be a good place to start to find the pipeline you described in your voice mail to Steve.  The company is Design Technics Corp.  Phone: (713) 460-2291.  The map will generally show where the pipeline runs, but it is depicted at more of a macro level. 
 Mary,  Attached is the list.  Let me know if you run into any problems. 
 Attached are a clean and redline version of the Gallup CSA and Conversion Agreement for your review. 
 Tyrell,  I have made some revisions to the latest drafts of  the letter agreement and your cover letter.  Please review.  As I noted earlier, Barry indicated he had some language that he wanted to revise concerning the mark to market.  I have not been able to contact him yet.  So unless Mark and Barry have talked, probably need to hold these until you or I hear from Barry.    Also, if we are going to do any of these transaction with a Canadian party, Peter Keohane and Eric Ledain need to comment on this form.  I have sent them an earlier version and I am copying them here.  I will be in a meeting until about 3:30 pm central and will be available after that.  I again want to reiterate, that if the assignment takes place after the firm transport agreements are signed, Kern could require the assignment to be done via the capacity release bidding procedures of their tariff.  I noticed that one of the packages is less than 1 year in term.  This means it could also be bid up in excess of max rate.  Anything over 1 year could only be bid to max rate.    We may want to add a provision that to the extent the capacity is assigned via capacity release and it is bid up beyond max rate, ENA will have no obilgation to take the capacity and make the mark to market payment. Probably need to discuss this with Mark. 
 Do you have addresses and fax numbers for these counterparties?      Tyrell Harrison@ENRON 03/14/2001 08:28 PM 
 Attached is the latest draft for review.  We plan on convening and 8 am central time to review and finalize. 
 I should be talking to Barry in about 10 minutes, and we will probably have a few more changes. 
 Add these two to the list. 
 Here is one more. 
 Great.  Thanks for all your help on this.     Peter Keohane 03/15/2001 02:45 PM 
 I am booked currently on the following flights to NO.  Leaving Houston:  Flight 1257 at 5:05 pm Leaving New Orleans:  Flight 1364 at 2:50 pm. 
 Brant,  Attached is a clean and redlined version of the revised agreement per our discussion 
 Yes,  I am alive.  Got in a little late, but still here nonetheless.  Deblah who?  I am checking to see if anybody is up for tonight and I should know later this afternoon.  I know we really need to have more drinks, its been so long.  Yes, I was serious about China.  Talked to Eric this morning and they would leave on June 6 and return on June 16.  I need to make sure this works with my work schedule.  I think it would be really cool to see Bejing, the Great Wall, etc............... and hone my skills as Show Lin High Priest Martial Arts badass......      bswaldrop@aol.com 03/16/2001 10:04 AM 
 John,  Attached is the Transco guaranty with further revisions.  The following items of note were revised.  1.  Transco added language stating that this is a performance guaranty. Enron will only provide a payment guaranty.  Enron does not have the means to ensure performance by the LLC.  Thus the language needs to clearly identify that this is a payment guaranty.  As long as Transco gets paid for the transport, I am not sure why this matters.  2.  Transco would be able to collect interest for late payments under their tariff.  Putting late payment interest in the guaranty would give Transco the ability to recover double interest on late payments.  Thus, the interest language in the guaranty was removed.  Please review the revised guaranty.  I would be happy to discuss these issues with Transco's attorney's at their convenience.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. 
 1.  Kern River Expansion Bid - Executed approximately 6 agreements with producers to partcipate in Kern River's Open Season.  Producers were required to bid in Open Season and upon award of capacity by Kern, the producers will assign such capacity to ENA in exchange for 25% of ENA mark to market profit on the capacity.  Overall objective of the project was to increase ENA capacity stake on this expansion.  The basis is currently very profitable between Wyoming and California.  Worked with Barry Tycholiz and Mark Whitt  2.  Enron Compression Services - StageCoach  - Negotiating a deal to provide HP Compression Services to Tennessee Gas Pipeline Company in Pennsylvania. Drafts have been sent to Tennessee.  Also negotiating a power and gas deal with EES to provide electric service to the compressor and sell the gas to EES which ECS receives from Tennessee. 
 Ken,  Attached are the Medusa docs with some slight revision.  The revisions are all to make it clear that this is a nonbinding proposal.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Debra,  This is another one for a Master Firm/Purchase Sale.  The Enron entity in these deals is Bridgeline Gas Marketing, LLC  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Here is the last one. 
 Stephanie,  Attached is a the form of assignment that we would use for the Kern River expansion with the producer.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Could you print these out for me.  Thanks. 
 Andrew,  Attached is a draft of the Master Firm/Purchase between EES and ECS and its accompany Transaction Agreement.  I think it does make sense to have a separate agreement to encompass the overall annual true between the power and gas sides.  Need to discuss this with EES' attorney.  I will contact Bo and see who is the lead attorney on this deal.   Please review the attached documents and let me know before you send this to EES.  As you will see I have a few question noted on the TA. 
 How is it going?  I didn't get here until about 9:20.  Yikes.  I had 6 voicemail messages, when I got here.  Help. 
 Bo,  Attached is the draft of the gas agreement for the StageCoach transaction.  There are still a few blanks for which Andrew is getting the information.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions.    Also to follow up on our discussion from earlier concerning who would actually contracts with the PPL for the Utility Agreement;  we had earlier discussed Tennessee Gas Pipeline contracting with the Utility with EES acting as their agent for interaction with the Utility.  However, I think it should be EES who contracts with the Utility to receive electric service.  TGP has contracted with ECS for Compression Services and ECS has contracted with EES for power.  TGP has no need for a power deal.  Let me know what you think about this.  It is my understanding that EES is working on a revised draft of the TA for the Power Contract.  Let me know if this is not correct.  Thanks. 
 Dan,  Per our discussion, attached is the Compressor Services Agreement between Enron Compression Services Company  and Tennessee Gas Pipeline Company.  This is a rough draft at this point, but should give you a good idea of the structure of this deal.  Note that Section 3.4 will be removed as this is no longer part of the deal. 
 Ken,  I am forwarding the initialed cover letter with the changes included. Please revise the body of the proposal to also reflect the changes made to the cover sheet.  Let me know if you have any questions.       Ken Loch@ENRON 03/20/2001 02:51 PM 
 That's fine.  Actually my friend Paul called me and wanted to get together for a beer tonight with Andy, so it looks like I will be blowing off working out.  Uh-oh.  That sounds fine.  Tell Shannon hello at the movies.  Ha Ha just kidding :-O.  Can't wait to hear your skiiillz on the radio.      bswaldrop@aol.com 03/20/2001 03:33 PM 
 I couldn't have said it better myself.      Brian Hendon@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 03/20/2001 01:41 PM 
 Please review the attached response to the PSC for accuracy.  Let me know if you have any issues. 
 Gnny,  Please see the bold sentence I added.  Wanted to make it clear that there would be no double interest.  Let me know if that works for you.  I have left a voicemail with Enron Corp. counsel to review this and the other items we discussed yesterday.  Hopefully we can get this settled today. Thanks.      "Levenback, Virginia C" <Virginia.C.Levenback@Williams.com> 03/21/2001 09:37 AM 
 Some thoughts that might help from time to time.  This was forwarded to me, and I found it very compelling.  G   Maybe God wants us to meet a few wrong people before meeting the right one so that when we finally meet the right person, we will know how to be grateful for that gift. When the door of happiness closes, another opens, but often times we look so long at the closed door that we don't see the one which has  been opened for us. The best kind of friend is the kind you can sit on a porch and swing with, never say a word, and then walk away feeling like it was the best conversation you've ever had. It's true that we don't know what  we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've  been missing until it arrives. Giving someone all your love is never an assurance that they'll love you back! Don't expect love in return; just wait  for it to grow in their heart but if it doesn't, be content it grew in yours. It takes only a minute to get a crush on someone, an hour to like someone, and a day to love someone, but it takes a lifetime to forget someone. Don't go for looks; they can deceive. Don't go for wealth; even that fades away. Go for someone who makes you smile because it takes only a smile to make a dark  day seem bright. Find the one that makes your heart smile. There are moments  in life when you miss someone so much that you just want to pick them from your dreams and hug them for real! Dream what you want to dream; go where you want to go; be what you want to be, because you have only one life and one chance to do all the things you want to do. May you have enough happiness to  make you sweet, enough trials to make you strong, enough sorrow to keep you human, enough hope to make you happy. Always put yourself in others' shoes. If you feel that it hurts you, it probably hurts the other person, too. The happiest of people don't necessarily have the best of everything; they just make the most of everything that comes along their way. Happiness lies for those who cry, those who hurt, those who have searched, and those who have tried, for only they can appreciate the importance of people who have touched their lives. Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss and ends with a tear. The brightest future will always be based on a forgotten past, you can't go on well in life until you let go of your past failures and heartaches. When you were born, you were crying and everyone around you was smiling. Live your life so that when you die, you're the one who is smiling and everyone around you is crying. Please send this message to those people who mean something to you, to those who have touched your life in one way or  another, to those who make you smile when you really need it, to those that make you see the brighter side of things when you are really down, to those who you want to let them know that you appreciate their friendship. And if you don't, don't worry, nothing bad will happen to you, you will just miss out on the opportunity to brighten someone's day with this message. 
 Just wanted to pass this on to you.  It was great to see you again the other day.  Take care. 
 Rusty,  Attached is a blank form for use in the E&I work.  The Work Offer form for the other contracts should be attached as an Exhibit to the other contracts.  If it is not, let me know. 
 Interesting!  Did she say why she was trying to call you at home?  I don't care if you tell where you have been, unless you think it would make things awkard between you. Probably not a good idea overall though.      bswaldrop@aol.com 03/21/2001 04:05 PM 
 Sorry,  I should have gone up to gas control this morning when I had still had the shakes.       Paul.Pfeffer@bakerbotts.com 03/21/2001 04:17 PM 
 That sounds good.  Let talk in the am.      Paul.Pfeffer@bakerbotts.com 03/21/2001 04:29 PM 
 Ann,  I have completed the review of the comments to the Enfolio.  It might make the most sense to discuss these over the phone to get quicker resolution.  Are you available tommorrow afternoon to discuss the comments.    "Crawford, Ann" <AnnCrawford@aec.ca> 03/21/2001 11:37 AM 
 Attached is a draft of the letter for Phillips Petroleum  that we discussed today.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Clement,  The form of Kern River guaranty is attached at the end of this email.    This is the form we would use for both the ENA bid and the 5 other third parties who have submitted bid on behalf of ENA.   Please review. 
 That sound cool.  I will schedule it up.    "Laura Gammell" <lauragammell@hotmail.com> 03/21/2001 11:58 AM 
 Would it be possible to do this call tomorrow afternoon?  About 1:30 or 2:00 central time.  My morning is a little tight.    "Crawford, Ann" <AnnCrawford@aec.ca> 03/22/2001 12:26 PM 
 Linda,  Arthur Anderson is conducted an audit of the subject entity and needs to obtain sign off from ENA Counsel that there is no pending litigation against this entity.  ECS Compression Company, LLC is owned approximately 10% by Enron Compression Services Company, which is 100% owned by ENA.  Attached is the form letter they want us to provide.  Can you review any issues with this LLC and have Richard Sanders sign off on this letter?  The letter needs to go to Jennifer Staton, who can be contacted at the cc email address.  Let me know if you need my help or have any questions.  Thanks. 
 Attached for review is a draft of the Gallup O&M Agreement. 
 Julie,  Steve forwarded your phone concerning the GTC for EOL transportation capacity.   Attached is the GTC I prepared for the EOL capacity release product.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 FYI,  Forgot to cc you on this. 
 Heather,  Attached is the ash handling agreement with revisions.  Please review.   I will be forwarding the coal handling agreement shortly.  The changes should be similar.    Redline of this document will follow. 
 Attached is the redline of the Ash Agreement. 
 Heather,  Attached are redlines of both the Coal Handling Agreement and the Ash Handling Agreement with revisions.  I made a few further changes to the Ash Handling Agreement in the Indemnity Section.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions.  Both docs do have a few questions inserted where I wasn't sure if the language accurately reflected our deal.  Sorry for the delay. 
 Thanks for the review.  A more formal response is not necessary at this time.      "Daniel Clearfield" <dclearfield@wolfblock.com> 03/23/2001 12:04 PM 
 My location is EB3883.  Thanks      Natalie Wells@ENRON 03/26/2001 08:08 AM 
 Jordan,  Attached is the latest structure.  This is still subject to change as AA has not yet approved.  The deal basically involves creating a new entity to take ownership of 2 existing Electric Compressor Motor Drivers and associated contracts which ECT currently owns.  The compressor motor drivers are supplied with electricity from the Navajo Tribal Utiltity Authority (NTUA).  ECT sells horsepower created by the motor drivers to Transwestern in exchange for $$ and MMBtus.  Lance Schuler will be working the finance portion of this project.  This is a 2nd Quarter deal.  Would you expect anything less?  Please let me know who will be working on this from your group or call to discuss any questions. Thanks. 
 Attached are a clean and redline version of the revised docs.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Hey Ernie!  Sorry I didn't get back with you Friday.  I left a little early, so I must have just missed your message.  Did you guys have a good time on Friday night?  How is everything going?  It has actually been thick around here.  Worked several late nights last week to try and get caught up.  I may have to delay the purchase of the new car with Enron's stock taking a hit lately.  It did gain some points on Friday and early today.  Hopefully it keeps it up.  Talked to George since his wedding?  Haven't heard anything out of him since.  Probably just overcome by marital bliss.      "Zavaleta, Ernie" <Ernie.J.Zavaleta@fritolay.com> 03/23/2001 03:18 PM 
 How was the big weekend in Vegas?  I usually don't have to much luck at gambling but I like to do it nonetheless.  Did you win any money on the fight?  I had a blast the last time I went.  We stayed at the Paris hotel. Very nice.  All those hotel employees saying "Bon Jeur" every 5 minutes did get a little tiring though. 
 Stephanie,  Attached is the form for the Hunt to Misako assignment. 
 Attached is clean and redlined version of the Misako letter agreement with revisions.  Please review and if ok have Misako execute. 
 Please see attached.  I added an agreement by Hunt to assign their PA to Misako. 
 Brant,  Attached are the Master Firm agreement that Debra prepared based on your credit worksheet.  I removed the form of Guaranty since we use a different form for the Bridgeline Holdings, L.P.   and I wasn't sure if we would need a JV guaranty for any of these deals.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 I'll be there at 7:00.  Barbara is planning on going, but will probably be late.  Around 8:00.  She likely just meet us for drinks.  Is that a problem?      "Laura Gammell" <lauragammell@hotmail.com> 03/26/2001 12:56 PM 
 How is it going?  Did you survive the honeymoon? 
 Clement,  Attached is the Enron Corp. guaranty for Transco's transportation agreement.  We revised the interest language to make it clear we are not subject to double interest and put in a limited performance guaranty for the Company's execution of the transportation agreements.  Please  review and let me know if you have questions. 
 That's fine.  I don't think we had anything planned for Thursday.      "Laura Gammell" <lauragammell@hotmail.com> 03/27/2001 11:27 AM 
 What do you need from me?  It is not clear from your note. 
 Ginny,  Please see the attached guaranty.  A clean and redlined version are attached.  I revised the language based on our discussions and added the language concerning interest which we had both previously approved.  We are OK to execute this form.  Let me know if acceptable and I will go ahead and execute.  Thanks. 
 These look fine to me.  Go ahead and forward to Brant if you are ready.      Debra Perlingiere 03/27/2001 01:58 PM 
 Yes,  Please send them to me for my review.  Also please copy Nick Cocavesis.  My fax number is (713) 646-3490.      "KELLY FLEURIOT" <KFLEURIOT@hou.projectconsulting.com> 03/27/2001 04:03 PM 
 Dutch,  Attached is a draft GTC for the storage product we discussed.  Please review.  There are a few areas in the doc. which I have highlighted for question.  The business terms probably need to be flushed out a little more. I would be happy to discuss this with the appropriate individuals at your convenience.  Sorry for the delay. 
 Russell,  I reviewed this with our business guys and they were fine with what you represent here.  We did not check this with Tom Balcerowiz and he needs to take a look at it.  Have your technical people gotten with Tom yet on any of these issues?  If not then we can run it down on this end.  Our only concern was that reliability between Gulf's 230 kv system and AEC's 115 kv system was not addressed.  It was our understanding that this was a question of the PSC staff.  Are there plans to provide any information concerning this item, or is no information available from AEC for such assessment?  Any word concerning WFEC's response to our petition or any filings they have made with the PSC?      "Russell A. Badders" <rab@beggslane.com> 03/21/2001 09:35 AM 
 Darren,   Please prepare a credit ticket for Sierra Pacific Power Company. Per Russell Diamonds request, I am forwarding this to your attention. Let me know if you need anything else. 
 Darren,  Since the Master is an old vintage, we are amending to reflect the current version and specifically any credit revisions that are necessary. The old master was only set up for 6 month or less term deals with volumes of 15,000 MMBtu or less.       Darren Vanek/ENRON@enronXgate 03/28/2001 04:02 PM 
 Give me a call. 
 Ken,  I made a few tweaks.  Attached are the revised docs. 
 I'll will be around.  Give me a call before you come up.      Ken Loch@ENRON 03/28/2001 05:57 PM 
 Chris,  Sorry for delay.  We plan on making a decision a getting back with the candidates no later than April 6th.      "Christopher Knudsen" <christopher_knudsen@hotmail.com> 03/27/2001 04:40 PM 
 Barry,  Attached is a draft of the confirm for the Sierra Deal.  This confirm reflect only the volumes related to Package Two.  The confirm for package one would be indentical to this one with term and volumes revised.  As we discussed this confirm, does not reflect the revisions needed to the existing master.  Please review and let's discuss. 
 Debra,  Darren Should be sending you two credit tickets for these entities. I will prepare the confirms for the Nevada Power Co. Master.   Thanks. 
 Barry,  Attached are the Master Firm agreement for both Sierra Pacific and Nevada.  If you are OK with these, we can foward to them for their review. As soon you provide any comments on the Transaction Agreement, I can finalize them under the Nevada Power master agreement. 
 FYI. 
 I will be attending.      jennifer.m.erich@exxonmobil.com 03/29/2001 03:57 PM 
 We can go ahead and prepare the termination letter, but it looks like Cheryl has some issues to flush out before we officialy terminate that tower lease. 
 How bout them Horns? Give me a call when you get a chance. 
 Barry,  Attached are both confirms for the Nevada Power master with the changes we discussed yesterday.  Please review and if acceptable, please forward Nevada Power.    I am also re-attaching the Masters for both Sierra and Nevada.  No changes were made to the masters. 
 Have you guys received any information from Gulf Power concerning regular updates on the construction?  Jeff indicated that Gulf would be willing to provide updates monthly.  If we haven't heard from Gulf, we need to push them to provide this info. 
 Please see the attached.    John,  I think the only other issue was inserting the reference to Paragraph 6 in both Paragraphs 8 and 9.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Per your notes. 
 Barbara, The attached doc. contains a comparison of Houston Law Firm pay for associates.  This chart has the base salary only without any bonuses included.  I pulled this from FindLaw.com.  Let me know if you have any questions or want to discuss. 
 Eggcellent!!!  Yes, I did have your watch.  However, due to lean times on the Nemec ranch, I was forced to see what the cash equivalent of your watch would be.  Does $10 sound fair.  Anyway I took the ten bucks, which thankfully acounted for both my beers last night.   Chalk up another one to the Nemec leisure activity fund.      "Waldrop, Barbara (CBI-Houston)" <Barbara.Waldrop@cox.com> 04/03/2001 12:09 PM 
 Attached is a rough draft of the pricing letter for Kennedy Oil on the excess gas volumes.  Please review and add the relevant pricing structure.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Jenn,  Here is Jeff and Cathy's flight info.  Mine and Babs are the same except for the first legs to Tokyo.  We go from Houston to Minneapolis to the city the Godzilla destroyed.  I.e. Tokyo.  Then we catch the same flights from Tokyo to Shanghai.  We have the same return flights. ?   ?JEFF  GILLASPIE????????????????????????  GILLASPIE/JEFFREY A???????????????? ?P.O. BOX  7134?????????????????????????  CLARKE/CATHLEEN M?????????????????? ?HOUSTON TX?  77007????????????????????????????????????????????????????????  ?MAR 28 2001???  ITIN????????? AGENT  CODE:1KN7DJ???? CUSTOMER CODE:ILLAS-JEF  ?06 JUN  01 - WEDNESDAY ? NORTHWST AIR FLIGHT:  6007???????????????  CLASS: Q???? CONFIRMED ? LV:?  HOUSTON/INTCON??????????????????????  1200N??????????????  NONSTOP??? ? ARR:  TOKYO/NARITA?????????????????????????  335P??????????????  MILES: 6642 ? AIRCRAFT: BOEING 777  JET????????????????????????????????  FLT. TIME: 13:35 ?  LUNCH-DINNER???????????????????????????????????????????????????  ?07 JUN 01 - THURSDAY ? NORTHWST AIR FLIGHT:??  11???????????????  CLASS: Q???? CONFIRMED ? LV:?  TOKYO/NARITA?????????????????????????  635P??????????????  NONSTOP??? ? ARR:  SHANGHAI/PUDON???????????????????????  835P??????????????  MILES: 1119 ? AIRCRAFT: BOEING 747  JET????????????????????????????????  FLT. TIME:? 3:00 ?  DINNER?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????  ?16 JUN 01 - SATURDAY ? NORTHWST AIR FLIGHT:  5985???????????????  CLASS: Q???? CONFIRMED ? LV:?  SHANGHAI/PUDON???????????????????????  550P??????????????  NONSTOP??? ? ARR: SAN  FRANCISCO????????????????????????  105P??????????????  MILES: 6151 ? AIRCRAFT: BOEING 747  JET????????????????????????????????  FLT. TIME: 10:15 ?  DINNER-BREAKFAST???????????????????????????????????????????????  ? NORTHWST AIR FLIGHT:  6442???????????????  CLASS: Q???? CONFIRMED ? LV:? SAN  FRANCISCO????????????????????????  300P??????????????  NONSTOP??? ? ARR:  HOUSTON/INTCON???????????????????????  831P??????????????  MILES: 1635 ? AIRCRAFT: BOEING 757  JET????????????????????????????????  FLT. TIME:? 3:31 ?  SNACK??????????????????????????  SEAT-14D14E????????????????????  ?**RATES SUBJECT TO CHANGE UNTIL BOOKED AND  TICKETED**???????????????? ?FARE QUOTED $812.60? PER PERSON. RATE INCLUDES ALL TAXES AND  FEES???? ?THANK YOU FOR CALLING TRAVEL  INC.???????????????????????????????????? ?A GOVERNMENT ISSUED PHOTO ID IS REQUIRED TO BOARD ALL  FLIGHTS.??????? 
 Bill,  Attached is our reponse to the letter we received from AEC.  I made a few changes to Chris's version.  Please review and let me know if you have any suggestions.  If possible, we would like to send this out today. 
 Pat,  Can you get with Taffy to obtain the boxes and labels for moving. =20 Thanks 
 Attached are the contracts for the Kennedy and Quantum excess gas purchase. The confirms will be signed by the parties and governed by the GTC.  The attached GTC is the same for both confirms.  Note the Exhibit A to each confirm is not attached.  I will simply take the well listing Exhibit's from the existing long term contracts to create these new exhibits. 
 I want to move to the new garage.  Let me know what I need to do. Thanks.      Parking & Transportation@ENRON Sent by: DeShonda Hamilton@ENRON 03/28/2001 04:07 PM 
 We lightened the tone significantly.  Let's discuss. 
 Please replace the prior version with these.  I added some Wyoming Royalty Statute language in both confirms.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Ken,  I have read through the agreement.  I think this agreement need some fairly significant revisions.  It is extremely one-sided as currently written.  I will write up my comments and get those to you early next week.    "Ken" <kckrisa@apex2000.net> 04/06/2001 11:22 AM Please respond to kckrisa 
 Ozzie,  Steve Van Hooser forwarded two agreement for electric service from CP&L for the Elizabethtown and the Lumbertown cogen facilities for my review.  I have reviewed the documents and they are standard tariff type service agreements.  There are two items to which I would like to draw your attention.  These deals look to have a 10 year term since they are being served from Transmission Service.  1.  If Customer terminate earlier, there would be a termination payment equal to the loss in salvage value of the facilities used to serve the Customer. Not sure what this value is, but might be significant, depending on what facilities CP&L would install to serve these plants.  2.  There is a minimum bill each month that Customer would have to pay, even if there was no usage of power by Customer.  If you are OK with these issues, I will initial the agreements and forward these  to you for signature.  Please contact me at x33512 if you would like to discuss. 
 Barry,  Attached is the form of assignment that we can use for assignment of all the Transportation Agreement to ENA.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Please hold these until Barbara Gray has reviewed the limitation of liability language  Thanks. 
 Darren,  Per our discussion, attached are the confirms for the Nevada Power transaction for the Firm GTC in lieu of the master.  After review, lets discuss the credit provisions we need to insert into the GTC. 
 Barry,  Attached is the GTC form without any revisions for any credit language.  Darren will be getting back with me shortly on the credit issues. 
 Julie is checking with Kern and the modification to their assignment agreement and whether they will prepare the assignments.  If I am to prepare the assignments I will need the Transportation Service Agreement information (volume, contract #, contract date)  for each shipper.    Barry Tycholiz@ENRON 04/09/2001 03:49 PM 
 Linda,  I have reviewed the form of Master Construction Agreement and have approved its use in this project.  Please let me know if you have any further questions. 
 Per your voice mail. 
 Julie,  The attached spreadsheet contains all the parties and volumes, but I am still missing some contract numbers.  The Denver office is trying to round up that info.  Kern probably has all the contract numbers and could fill those in. 
 The attached schedule has all the contract numbers.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 jennifer-gillaspie@reliantenergy.com 
 These are the latest versions. of the Sierra confirms. 
 FYI,   Haven't seen Drew's markups yet. 
 I plan on attending the dinner. 
 Ken,  See attached.  If Universal can provide the document online, I can insert the appropriate language for all these comments.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Barry,  Attached is the Firm GTC for the Sierra Deal with the credit language.  Also attached are the confirms for completeness. 
 FYI 
 Barry,  Attached is a rough draft of the amendment to the letter agreement. Please review. 
 Barry,  Attached are the confirms with the revised Period of Delivery language as we discussed. 
 We have made contact in the East.  Looks like you had better start developing a taste for seafood. 
 David,  Per the attached, we do have an agreement with Mustang and I am ok with the form.  Please see that attached tasking affiliate letter.  As for M&H, we will need a scope of services, dates, and payment terms.  Please provide this info, and I will prepare the tasking letter. 
 Dave,  Attached is the work offer for M&H  please review.  There are a few blanks in the form.  Please provide any information you have available. 
 Enron Midstream Services, L.L.C. a subsidiary of Enron North America Corp. is planning on using Okemah Construction, Inc. to construct a gathering system in Wyoming.  I am an attorney for ENA.  I understand ETS currently has an existing master contract in place with Okemah (Contract #940210053).  We would like to do an affiliate work order under the existing contract.  If you could send me a copy of the contract and the form of affiliate work order, we can prepare it.  My engineers are preparing a scope of work.  Please confirm the existing contract is in effect and let me know if there is anything else we need to do to use an affiliate work order.  Thanks for your help.  Gerald Nemec (713) 853-3512 
 Barry,  Attached is a clean and redline version of the letter amendment revised per your notes and our discussion.    The Package One and Package Two language will be stricken for Misako and Petro-Canada. 
 Barry,  Attached is the rough draft of the Spread Value Calc. for El Paso that we discussed.  I should be back at about 2:30. 
 I will take a look at this and get it back to you tommorrow.  Thanks.     Andrew Miles@ENRON 04/11/2001 10:49 AM 
 Attached is a draft of the mark to market language per your discussion with Barry.  Please review and contact Barry directly to discuss.  Barry's numbers (713) 667-9956 Home (713) 302-6442 Cell 
 Tyrell,  I Kern won't accept changes, then we can insert into Patina letter amended a clause which states the ENA will keep whole Patina for those obligations and liabilities.    Tyrell Harrison@ENRON 04/12/2001 04:49 PM 
 What I emailed to PG&E and their response.  Barry will have to respond to their questions. 
 Steve,  Just talked with Barry.  He said based on last night's curve, the valuation formula would result in a value of $250 mil.  A detailed calc for this value will have to wait til Monday. 
 Attached is a letter agreement which specifies ENA's indemnity obligations for Patina wrt the Kern Transport Agreement.  Please review and if acceptable print and execute along with the Kern River assignment form.  If you wish to discuss, please contact me at (713) 853-3512.  Thanks for your assistance. 
 Attached is the amendment letter, the Spread Value Calc. doc, and the indemnity letter for Patina. 
 The agreements look ok.  We discussed earlier the issue of whether or not the Lakeland agreement needed an out for filing with the Florida Public Service Commission or whether this filing was already made.  If I remeber correctly, you were going to check on that.  Did you have a chance to find anything out?    Enron North America Corp. 
 Tyrell,  Attached are amendments for the letter agreements.  Please distribute to the appropriate individuals.  I have also included the Petro-Canada form.  Barry,  Who in Calgary should work the Petro document?  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. 
 Wow,  These emails just get more and more interesting. 
 Barry,  The language looks fine.  I would refer to the correct legal name of Enron North America Corp.  All else is OK. 
 Dean,  Per Barry's request, attached is the amendment letter to be executed by Petro Canada concerning the Kern River capacity letter agreement.  Please forward to the appropriate individual. 
 Barry,  Are you working directly with the business people at PG&E to review this?  What is the status? 
 Attached is the Stagecoach LOI revised with my comments.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Period of Delivery language revised per your email. 
 Per our discussion, I added the sentence to the beginning of Section 5A. Please review 
 John,  Looks fine to me. 
 Joe,  I would like to clarify which modifications are being made wrt each of the three landowners in the regarding heading.  I am not clear which easment we are deleting paragraph 9 on. 
 Yes,  I will just initial by the signature line that Jean signs. 
 Ken,  Attached is your letter with my revisions.  I took out the arbitration adder.  Decided it probably made more sense to give us the right to go to court immediately if we needed to. 
 Miguel,  Attached is the amendment to the CA we discussed.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions or comments.  Thanks.    If you don't have the original CA that this document amends, please contact Mary Ogden and she can provide a copy of the original. 
 Debra,  Can you prepare a spot master Enfolio contract for the attached party.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Nabil,  Can you please provide the dates that you are planning on working for the 1st half of the summer. I called your residence earlier today, but your machine did not pick up.    It is probably easier to communicate via email since we both keep missing each other.  Thanks. 
 Eric,  Can you prepare this assignment.  Attached is the form to use for affiliate assignments. 
 How the hell did you find that number?      Brian Hendon/ENRON@enronXgate 04/18/2001 09:33 AM 
 Majed,  That sounds great.  We look forward to having you here beginning on May 21.  Let me know if you have any questions prior to that date.      "Nachawati, Nabil, M" <nnachawa@Central.UH.EDU> 04/17/2001 06:01 PM 
 Mary,  Could you please prepare the form of CA for these entities.  Please= =20 make them bilateral.  Also check with Kay Young for conflicts.  Let me know= =20 if you have any questions.  Thanks for your help. 
 FYI,  Draft that we sent to Peter with our comments. 
 Attached is a short outline of the proposed steps to transfer the Compressor Motors, NTUA Contract, and TW Contracts to ECS LLC.  I know we still don't have structure approval, but I can begin working on the documentation for those items that will not likely change (the transfer of assets and contracts).  Please review and let me know of any issues or problems. 
 My motto..... Drink heavy, live fast, leave clean underwear. 
 Brant,  We need to ask PCS Nitrogen if they are a wholly owned subsidiary of Potash.  If they are not, then Canadian law may prohibit them from providing a guaranty for a less than wholly owned entity.  I will provide you my comments to the documents shortly after lunch.      Brant Reves/ENRON@enronXgate 04/19/2001 10:08 AM 
 6. Right to Compete.  This agreement neither obligates any Party to deal exclusively with any other Party hereto nor prevents any Party or any parent, affiliate, subsidiary or related entity or person of such Party from competing with any other Party or any parent, affiliate, subsidiary or related entity of such other Party, so long as such Party remains in compliance with this agreement. 
 FYI 
 Attached is the maintenance agreement with my revisions.  Please review 
 Hi Mom,  Hope everything is going well.  Sorry to hear about the relatives. I am doing fine.  Staying busy with work.  I am scheduling a trip to China in June.  My friend Eric's has a brother who lives in China and is getting married to a Chinese national.  He invited me along, so I thought this would be a good opportunity to see a part of the world that I likely would not otherwise see.  We will be going from June 4 through June 16.  Flying into the city of Shanghai and from there going to a smaller town called Qingdao.  The wedding will take place in Qingdao.  Should be interesting to experience a Chinese wedding.  We will then go to Beijing for sightseeing.  Forbidden City, Tianamen Square, Great Wall etc.    Should be a great experience.  My roommate will be moving out in a couple of weeks and is getting married May 5 in Des Moines, Iowa.  I will going up for the wedding.  Take care and talk to you later.        Edward Nemec <ednemec@earthlink.net> 04/19/2001 01:14 PM 
 The following provisions are proposed to be added into the Confirms for the= =20 Firm GTC.  Please review and revise as appropriate.    If a Triggering Event occurs, the Notifying Party may (at its election) set= =20 off any or all amounts which the Affected Party owes to the Notifying Party= =20 or it Affiliates (under this Agreement or otherwise) against any or all=20 amounts which the Notifying Party owes to the Affected Party (either under= =20 this Agreement or otherwise).   "Affiliate=018 means, with respect to any person, any other person (other t= han=20 an individual) that, directly or indirectly, through one or more=20 intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control= =20 with, such person.  For this purpose, "control" means the direct or indirec= t=20 ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding capital stock o= r=20 other equity interests having ordinary voting power.  [Probably want to nam= e=20 EPMI specifically] 
 Attached is the temporary assignment for the ONEOK deal from Sandia Resources.  I received a call from the confirm desk looking for paperwork on this deal.  We need to get this signed ASAP.  Sorry for the delay. 
 The letter looks fine.  I want to make sure that we don't record anything stating the ROW price.  If we need to put it in Exhibit B or something else which is not recorded, let's do so.  Thanks. 
 Please disregard to prior version and use this one. 
 Tyrell,  I am assuming that Cannon has not signed the amendment to the letter agreement yet and we can just modify that letter.  Let me know and I will modify the amendment letter to reflect the new payment date. 
 Attached are the two confirms for the Sierra Pacific Power gas deal with the netting language inserted in the confirms as requested by credit.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions.  Christian Yoder in Portland also reviewed the language. 
 For the sake of completeness attached is the final version of the Gas Transaction Support Agreement. 
 Forgot to copy you on this earlier.  Please review and let me know if you have any comments. 
 Heather,  Attached are my comments to the contract forms.  I will also forward you a hardcopy of the documents. 
 Mark,  Please reviewed the attached letter.  I revised based on our discussion with WIC and CMS. 
 Debra,  Attached are the requested changes to Citations Enfolio Spot Contract. 
 Attached is the amendment letter for Cannon with a payment date of Jan. 4, 2002.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Paul, Attached are the documents for Greeley which are:  Master Firm Enfolio Confirmation to Enfolio Letter Agreement governing the Transport and Storage Arrangements  Please review specifically the Confirm and Letter Agreement.  I will give these a once more over and we should be able to send to Greeley tomorrow. 
 AP--  In a shocking move that will have the rest of the Big 12 playing recruiting "catch-up", OU has snatched a solid commitment from all-state wide out  Delmer Shanks  As a freshman, Shanks is expected to play in the "Opossum" set of OU's daunting new offense. "The opossum spread is going to really fool people next year", Shanks explained in a phone interview from an Oklahoma Kwickie Mart. "In the possum set, we take the left tackle and line him up out with 2 or 3 of our receivers. I lay up in the backfield, like a opossum, and then the center hikes the ball to the Tight End and then it's a hand off to either me or the quarterback.". When asked about why he commited to OU in the middle of the season, a usually slow time of year for recruiting, Shanks had this to say. "Well it was a no-brainer really.Skoalis going to be sponsoring OU athletics next year, so it just seemed like a natural fit. I really liked what they're gonna do with the uniforms, that sown-in dip ring they're putting on everyone's back pockets are gonna look real nice. They're also gonna do some neat stuff with the Switzer center too, gonna sell moon pies and stuff at the door." Shanks did not take any official visits to other schools before his commitment, though he did say Texas A&M and OU had expressed interest in him all along. "Yeah, they were plenty nice at A&M and Coach Slocum talked to momma a lot on the phone. He told her that this was gonna be the year they would pass more and that I would fit in real good with their high power pro-style attack". It turns out that Delmer's mother did influence his decision some. A laughing Shanks explains, "Yeah, we was out back pitching washers and momma come hollering outside...said Stoops promised her I would wear #8 at OU. We all been Dale Earnhardt Jr. fans for a long time, so we seen the importance of what they was saying. They don't honor you like that OU unless they done taken a real liking to you." As the interview came to a close, Shanks had this to say, "Keep an eye on us, cause we're gonna be pretty darn good next year. We got 11 man plays in the book where the whole line is gonna go out on pass routes and we keep the water boy in to block for the quarterback. Boomer Sooner." Only time will tell if schools like Texas, Nebraska and others can keep up with Stoops and his amazing program. 
 Tyrell,  Attached is the letter amendment revised to reflect payment of Payment Two on Jan. 4, 2002 as well.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Mark,  The following are my responses to Phillip's changes in our letter agreement:  1.  1st Sentence of Second Paragraph - Strike of reference to Section 3.3 and reference to Appendix 1 - ENA's right to decrease confirmed volumes and Phillips' rights to release the gas are clearly set out in Section 3.3.  The "Operations/Delivery Scheduling Procedures" only are the method by which this is effected.  This change needs to be removed.  2.  1st Sentence of Second Paragraph  - The remainder of the changes to the 1st Sentence except for the strike of Seller's Daily Deliverability are OK. Seller's Daily Deliverability needs to remain as this is the correct terminology under the Purchase Agreement.  All we are doing here is effecting the provisions of the Purchase Agreement to which both parties have already agreed.  3.  The added sentence at the end of the second paragraph - This needs to be stricken.  The Medicine Bow System is not ENA's and we do not want to create a firm purchase deal with this letter.  4.  1st Sentence of Third Paragraph - The add from "that quantity of Gas..... to.......... (the "Released Gas"" should be removed.  The term Released Gas is defined under the Purchase Agreement and doesn't need to be defined in this letter.   I am OK with ENA "hereby" agreeing to waive any and all rights it has to under Section 3.3 to recall the Gas.  However,  the term rights ENA "may" have needs to be stricken.  ENA's position is that we have the right to recall the gas as long as it hasn't been released longer than 120 days.  If you wish to discuss these comments or would like me to discuss these with Phillips, I would be happy to do so. 
 Paul,  Attached are the Greeley Docs.  They include:  Master Firm Enfolio Confirmation to Enfolio Letter Agreement governing the Transport and Storage Arrangements  Please forward to the appropriate persons at Greeley. 
 Steve,  I will be there.      Steve Van Hooser 04/24/2001 12:56 PM 
 Stephanie,  I would suggest modifying Section 9.4 as follows:  9.4  Addendum 1, attached to this Agreement, the bid procedures under which the transportation capacity hereunder was obtained, is hereby incorporated by reference as part of this Agreement, solely for informational purposes only. 
 Chris,  Attached is a draft of the letter agreement between ENAP and ENA and Enron South America.  Please review and forward any comments you have. There is an existing Confid. Agreement with ENAP which runs through January 21, 2002.  The letter I have attached piggybacks off of this existing CA.  Does Enron South America have local counsel who can answer whether certain provisions in the Agreement, such as choice of Texas law, are valid under Chilean law?  We need to verify this or Texas law may not be binding.  Let me know if you want to discuss or have any questions. 
 FYI  Attached is the draft gas agreement I had forwarded to EES earlier.  I did not receive a response. 
 Attached is the assignment. 
 Attached are the latest drafts (Clean and redlined).  There are still blanks to be filled in for the numbers.  Please review.  The only question they (Foti) had on the O&M Agreement, was what the minimum yearly number would be. 
 Ann,  Sorry for not getting back to you on this.  I have some answers on the issues that were on my to do list.  It might make the most sense for me to comment in response to your memo dated March 8, and forward to you.  I know there were several items that you were checking with your people and I would note those.  Let me know what you think.      "Crawford, Ann" <AnnCrawford@aec.ca> 04/12/2001 01:18 PM 
 Clement,  Please review AEC's additions and let me know what you think. 
 Ann,  Attached is the memo AEC forward with ENA's responses redline.  Please review.  When you get AEC's response completed we probably should set up a conference call to discuss and finalize.  Thanks. 
 Bruce,  Enron North America Corp.  selected 4 candidates for interview for summer clerkship positions from the resumes you forward.  Two were made offers with both accepting the offers.  The two clerks we have working this summer are:  Alisha Mahabir - South Texas College of Law Nabil Nachawati - University of Houston Law Center  Nabil will be working the 1st half of the summer and Alisha will be working the 2nd half of the summer.  Thanks for all your help with this process.  If you need any further information, please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3512.  Gerald Nemec 
 I do have comments to the proposed revisions.  I will compile them and return to you shortly.     "KELLY FLEURIOT" <KFLEURIOT@hou.projectconsulting.com> 04/26/2001 04:35 PM 
 Looks good.  Go ahead and forward.  Thanks for your help. 
 Becky,  I did not have any time off.      Becky Spencer 04/30/2001 11:57 AM 
 I will be attending.      Kimberlee A Bennick 04/27/2001 02:41 PM 
 Attached is the latest draft of the CSA based on our discussion.  Please forward to the appropriate individuals for review and comment. 
 Attached are a clean and redline version with all the blanks filled in. 
 Per your voice, attached is the form we used for the Alamac transaction. 
 John,  Please disregard the prior version and use this one.  Thanks. 
 John,  Attached are the O&M  and the Lease Agreement for the StageCoach Transaction.  Please review. 
 Becky Spencer 04/30/2001 05:39 PM 
 Debra,  Do you want to take a shot at drafting these confirms.  We will need a firm and an interruptible confirm. 
 Staci,  Please review and let me know what you think of the changes. 
 Barry,  Do you have her email address?     Barry Tycholiz@ENRON 05/01/2001 04:13 PM 
 Per Barry's request, attached are the confirms and GTC for the sale off Kern River.  Please review. 
 I would like to move to the new garage.  Let me know what I need to do.      Parking & Transportation@ENRON Sent by: DeShonda Hamilton@ENRON 05/03/2001 03:08 PM 
 Attached is the response.  Please review ASAP as they are trying to file today to meet the response deadlines. 
 Attached are clean and redline versions of the revised docs.  Please review and forward to any I missed. 
 Russell,  Attached are my comments.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Thanks.  I was hoping you would say that.     Andrew Edison@ENRON 05/07/2001 10:15 AM 
 Barry,  Attached is a draft of the Payment One statement.  This one is set up for the wire transfer, so slight mods would be required for a payment by check.  Please review and lets discuss. 
 Ken,  Could you please verify the legal name for the Enron entity that will be the counterparty in the temp. interconnect agreement.  Is it Enron Clean Fuels Company?  Gerald 
 John,  I would be happy to review you.  No problem.      John Kiani/ENRON@enronXgate 05/08/2001 02:55 PM 
 I will prepare the documents.  Attached is the contract form that Crestone forwarded for their payment.  This would be a schedule to an existing Master Services Agreement in place between ENA and Crestone. 
 I tried to send this yesterday, but I received a message that it didn't go through. 
 I tried to send this yesterday, but I received a message that it didn't go through. 
 Attached is a draft of the LOI we discussed.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 I forwarded this note to Exxon Human Resources.  Please remain in your cube and someone will come for you shortly. 
 Barry,  Attached is the form for use with payment by check. 
 Rae,  Could you print these for me and put into a binder.  Thanks. 
 Julie,  Please use the attached version.  I made a slight change in the definition of Assets.  Let me know if you have any questions.  I am OK to forward this to Skipping Stone. 
 Ann,  Any progress on this.  We are anxious to finalize. 
 Mark,  Attached is the latest version of the CMS Letter Agreement with Jerry Shrader's changes.  Please review.  I am OK with these.  Let me know and I can prepare the executables. 
 Mark,  I am fine with this form.    Mark Whitt@ENRON Sent by: Mark Whitt@ENRON 04/26/2001 12:38 PM 
 FYI 
 Sara,  I had to leave S.A. early Friday and was unable to pickup a CLE form. Can you send me one so I can get credit for the Thursday sessions.  Thanks. 
 Some people just can't wait until the Nacho guy arrives.  Yikes.  Looks like we'll be roomies.   Eric told me you were a babe magnet.  All I ask is that I get the good looking one every other day. 
 Greg,  Attached is a redlined version  of the interconnect agreement with their comments incorporated.  I did make some revision to their comments, please review and if OK forward to Brazos Valley or their reps.  Do we have any concerns from a credit standing concerning this LP.  I don't know the magnitude of cost on the HPL Facilities, but we need to make sure we don't get stuck with their cost.  Might want to ask for cash up front with a make whole once the facilities are completed.  I haven't made any changes to reflects.  Thoughts? 
 Greg,  I thought that was for the Rio Nogales project.  The Brazos Valley interconnect has no specific provisions for assignment to Pinnacle.      Greg Brazaitis 05/11/2001 11:06 AM 
 Please use the following information to prepare the Confirm for Citation. 
 Kim,  Can you send me the original response.  The attached letter only contains the revisions to that letter.      Kim Ward/ENRON@enronXgate 05/11/2001 04:49 PM 
 Attached is a draft of the response to Bridgeline issue memo concerning various issues in the Contribution Agreement.  Please review and provide any comments you may have.  Thanks. 
 Jeff,  FYI,  Attached is the original RFP response which was modified by the letter I forwarded earlier. 
 Yes,  That would be helpful.  Let me know what time you want to meet.      Kim Ward/ENRON@enronXgate 05/14/2001 10:03 AM 
 Rae,  Can you print this for my initial on Enron logo only letterhead.  I need two originals.  Thanks. 
 Mark,  I assume you are handling this one? 
 Mary,  Can you please draft a CA for the J.M. Huber information provided below.   Please use the attached as the form.  Thanks. 
 I am interested in the program for remote control of my thermostat via the internet.  Please provide me with further information.  Thanks. 
 Kim,  Attached is a draft of the LOU for Palo Alto.  Please review.  I am still reviewing and may have a few more changes.  Since time is short please review this draft and we can make final changes in the morning and send out. I will attempt to have a draft of the MSA by Thursday. 
 Attached for your review are the following:  1.  Enfolio Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement 2.  Transaction Agreement (Package 1) to Master Firm 3.  Transaction Agreement (Package 2) to Master Firm 4.  Enfolio Master Spot Purchase/Sale Agreement 4.  Enfolio Spot Confirmation - Master Spot Purchase/Sale Agreement Governs  Please review and call with any questions. 
 Yes.     Mark Whitt@ENRON Sent by: Mark Whitt@ENRON 05/11/2001 10:53 AM 
 Greg,  Attached is the form of guaranty to use for the Brazos Valley Project.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Kim,  I made a few tweaks to the letter.  Nothing substantial.  I still have a few questions noted and some dates that need to be filled in. Please review. 
 Majed,  Wanted to make sure you are still scheduled to start on May 21.  Let me know if anything has changed.  Thanks. 
 Mark,  Attached is the Howell Petroleum comments we discussed.  Please handle accordingly.  Joe Russo's numbers are (307) 332-3940 (307) 850-4341 cell phone  Joe,  Mark Van Skoyk in our Denver office will be taking the lead on all Lost Creek ROW issues.   Thanks. 
 We have two Summer Clerks coming in this summer which we have hired through the Houston Bar Association Minority Recruitment Program.   Majed Nachawati will be starting Monday May 21st.  He will be here 6 weeks and Alisha Mahibar will start on July 2 and be here the final 6 weeks.  Enron Corp. also has hired two law summer clerks from UT .  These clerks will be doing 4 week rotations throughout Enron and we will have them each for a four week  period.  Dates are still being finalized.  Samantha Ferguson, an HBA law clerk from last summer, will again support the Global Market group this summer.  I would like to have a point person from each of your groups with the charge of getting these clerks involved in the project flow for each group.  My plan is to have these clerks work with two groups during their time here with the groups rotating during the summer.  Please, consider who in your groups would be best suited for this role and provide feedback as soon as possible.  I will take this role for the East Origination-Gas Trading group.  Thanks for all your help. 
 Attached are my revisions to the Lost Creek Gathering Agreement for the Devon deal. Please review and let me know if you have any issues. 
 Kim,  I will forward two hard copy executables to you.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Give Molly a call and check with her.  She may want you to report to her first.  Otherwise we'll see you on the 21st.     "Nachawati, Nabil, M" <nnachawa@Central.UH.EDU> 05/15/2001 02:30 PM 
 He's all grows up cause he's all grows up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!      "Jgillaspieci3" <Jgillaspieci3@netzero.net> 05/15/2001 03:55 PM 
 Yes      Rae Meadows/ENRON@enronXgate 05/15/2001 04:53 PM 
 Here it is. 
 Forgot to forward earlier. 
 Attached are the latest per our discussion. 
 Chris,  Attached is the form of Professional Services Agreement to be used for Power Engineers.  I am assuming Power Engineers has no existing agreement with any other Enron entity.  We should ask them if this is the case.  The rate sheet they provided would be attached as Exhibit B.  Please review.  I am ok to forward this to Power Engineers for their review. 
 How about 10 a.m.? 
 Marlene,  We need to ask the counterparty what type of liens they have on their gas and we would want to limit it to those types in the contract.  We need as specific a description as possible.  If you want me to talk to someone at the counterparty I would be glad to do so.  Need a name and phone number.  Thanks. 
 Amelia,  Can you check on contract # 96021047 to see if this is any current transport activity on this contract.  This contract was never executed. Reliant HL&P informed me that this contract is no longer being used and they would prefer to terminate or void this contract. 
 ? - Girls Are Evil.jpg 
 Attached are the revised Devon confirms based on our discussions with Shonnie.  Please review.  I am also attaching the masters again to be complete. 
 Watch It Wizzlefritz!!     "David E Deutsch" <dedeutsch@duke-energy.com> 05/16/2001 01:04 PM 
 Please review. 
 Marlene,  I have the Dominion contract and I will get that back to you shortly,  however I don't have the Midwestern Contract.      Marlene Hilliard 05/16/2001 01:47 PM 
 Dave,  Per Barry's request, attached is our firm GTC and confirm for gas purchase/sale.  The GTC is typically only for deal which are 6 months or less.  Credit also need to review the counterparty.  Depending on the circumstances, a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement may need to be put into place.  Let me know if you would like a copy of the master. 
 Please review. 
 Here is the revised letter. 
 Not sure what I am supposed to do with this. 
 Mr.  Drexelius,  Per Barry Tycholiz request, attached is the letter agreement for assignment and payment for the Kern River Capacity.  Please execute immediately and fax to my attention at (713) 646-3490.  Upon receipt I will forward to Barry for decision to execute or not by 1:00 pm.  Thank You for your prompt attention to this matter. 
 Sounds like the trip was AMAAAAZING!!!.  Laura should seriously consider writing for Conde Naste.  I think the best quote was  "The next morning Ryan and I were so confused about what had taken place the night before." 
 Mark,  Attached are the committed reserves GTC along with a confirm for each of WIC's Contract #1 and Contract #2.  Please review. 
 Please review the attached I added some language at the end of the intrastate warranty.  To the extent this warranty gets changed, we will have to change the warranty in the gathering agreement. 
 Any time after 1 pm works for me.      Rae Meadows/ENRON@enronXgate 05/17/2001 02:07 PM 
 Mary,  Please prepare a draft bi-latieral CA with the following entity:  RealEnergy, Inc. 1900 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 755 Los Angeles, California 90067  The topic of the CA should be information concerning a potential sale of natural gas and/or provision of transportation capacity for RealEnergy's distributive generation requirements in southern California.  You can use the Huber CA we just did for the form.  Please check conflicts with Kay Young as well.  Thanks. 
 Attached is a draft of the temporary interconnect agreement.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached is a draft of the temporary interconnect agreement.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 How about a few for Martha!!!  1.  Warning:  The consumption of alcohol may cause Baby to think there is an elaborate conspiracy occurring at the bars in Mexico to send everyone home and rain on Baby' fun.  2.  Warning:  The lack of a functional hair dryer may cause Baby's world to come crashing down, and spur demands that we fly home from Europe stat!!      jennifer-gillaspie@reliantenergy.com 05/17/2001 03:49 PM 
 Not sure if these are anything near what you are looking for but FYI. 
 Debra,  Attached is the form we should use.  Review and let's discuss. 
 I need to terminate my membership to the Body Shop.  What do I need to do to effect this? 
 Attached are a draft of the MSA and a Transaction Agreement under the existing Enfolio Master in place between ENA and the City of Palo Alto. Please review.  There are a few questions and blanks to be completed after your review. 
 Thanks.      Debra Perlingiere 05/21/2001 10:41 AM 
 Negotiation are moving forward.  I am not sure about the organized sightseeing trips.  Will discuss with Eric. 
 Per your request, please see the attached. 
 Revised per your request.  I did remove the conditions precedent.  All outs in the Cinergy Trading Firm Contract have expired.  I understand that Kern has a final certificate from FERC.  Is this the case?  We do need to have the executed assignment docs, before we sign this paper. 
 Attached are the revised docs. based on our discussion.  Please let me know prior to forwarding to Palo Alto. 
 D-Rock,  Attached are a clean and redlined copy with my comments.  I have noted a couple of areas where I still have questions.  One that I didn't note in the agreement, is my concern that they could deny us a new Delivery Point if we can't agree on terms.  We need to discuss this one tommorrow.  I will shout out at ya tommorrow.  The Artist 
 Per Barry's request. 
 Rusty,  Attached is the amendment to the Dow Brine Agreement which extend the period from 160 to 190 days.  I used an amendment form instead of a letter form for the sake of clarity.  Sorry for the delay. 
 Heather,  Attached are the clean and redlined drafts of the revised Coal and Ash Agreements per your notes and phone mail.  Please review.   By copy of this email I am asking David to review the insurance section in both agreements for adequacy.  David - The attached are the forms of Coal Hauling and Ash Handling agreement that we would use to contract with Reuse Technology for both the Lumberton Power LLC and Elizabethtown Power LLC.  Please provide comments. 
 Julie,  Attached is a clean and redlined revised LOI per our discussions. Please review. 
 I changed the date in the working drafts.  Let me know what other comments you have.      Heather Kroll/ENRON@enronXgate 05/23/2001 10:25 AM 
 Username: gnemec  Pass:  jbkg01grn 
 Attached are clean and redlined versions of the documents. 
 Love Interest - Caught in the middle - You think you are the only one who been hurt badly 
 Barry,  Attached are redlines of the docs with the changes we discussed today.  Please pay special note to the Maximum Daily Deliverability Quantity of the Confirm.  I want to discuss how this limits us and what flexibility this section needs.  Please review and lets discuss. 
 Let me address your topics one by one:  1. That is fine, except that no guaranties regarding the condition of your entertainment center can be made for the duration of your stay.  What day are you planning on moving? 2.  I have only received one piece of mail within the last week, so I think it is mostly working. 3.  Eric's local  - Egillaspie@coral-energy.com  (713) 230-3576 4.  No calls 5.  Sounds good.  Sorry we haven't had a chance to catch up, we both have been running somewhere when we ran into each other at the house.  Sat. nite I think the Gillaspie's wanted to go to Sambuca's downtown.  Thought I might join them.  Might want to check with Eric to see what's up.  Peace,  G$      ryan.ruppert@exxonmobil.com 05/25/2001 07:51 AM 
 Wanted to make sure you had the latest docs.  I discussed with Barry and the MDDQ section was not changed since this version. 
 The importance of all long term plans to build a comfortable life faded away into cloud of apathy and listfulness.  No cares anymore.  Just extract as much as possible from each experience never knowing where it might take you. Wow.  Such thought before used to scare the hell out of you.  But isn't it ironic to finally find out no matter how much you try to control each aspect of your existence, it could end up somewhere completely unforeseeable anyway.  You have no control.  No control.  So why try to control it.  Why not open yourself up to all those unknowns, those risks, those potential great failures. 
 You didn't hit your face on the pavement at any point in the evening did you?  In case you didn't know, Barbara and I are going to China with Eric.  I will be leaving June 4 and returning June 16.  Any chance I could get you to drop buy every couple of days and pick up my newspaper and mail and put them inside?  Would appreciate it.  I pay her $50 per visit and she comes every two weeks.  Not a bad deal.  G$     ryan.ruppert@exxonmobil.com 05/29/2001 10:56 AM 
 Ken,  Attached is the Northwest Pipeline FA with my comments incorporated. I have attached both a clean and a redlined version.  Please note that I added a cap to the total facilities costs.  This is a recommendation.  To the extent we have no cap however,  Crescendo is at risk for all costs they incur.  Cost overruns could be significant.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Barry,  I added a some language to th disclaimer. 
 Barry, For your review. 
 means the =01&Daily Midpoint=018 price set forth in Gas Dailyc (Financial T= imes=20 Energy), or successor publication, in the column "Daily Price Survey" under= =20 the listing applicable to the geographic location closest in proximity to t= he=20 Delivery Point(s) for the relevant gas day.  If there is no single =01&Dail= y=20 Midpoint=018 price published for that particular Gas Day, but there is publ= ished=20 a "Common" range of prices under the above column and listing, then the Spo= t=20 Price shall be the average of such =01&Common=018 high and low prices.  In = the=20 event that no =01+Daily Midpoint=018 price or =01&Common=018 range of price= s is published=20 for that particular Gas Day, then the Spot Price shall be the average of th= e=20 following: the price (determined as stated above) for each of the first Gas= =20 Day immediately preceding and following the Gas Day in which the default=20 occurred for which a Spot Price can be determined. 
 Debra,  Please work these terms into a GTC for the Mexico deal.  ASAP 
 Attached is the revised Agency Agreement per our discussion and your notes. A clean and redlined version are provided.  Please review. 
 FYI 
 Please see the attached memo. 
 Per Barry's request, attached is the Agency and Management Services Agreement to be executed between Enron North America Corp. and Mexicana De Cobre.  Also attached is the form of agency agreement to be attached as Exhibit B to the Agency and Management Services Agreement.  This agency agreement is El Paso's form and must be executed by ENA, Mexicana, and El Paso.  The El Paso form requires that you open as a read only file. Please review.    We are working on the gas purchase agreement and should forward shortly.  We received the power of attorney and bylaws you emailed.  I had a Spanish speaking attorney in our office assist me with their review.  The bylaws look fine. We would like you to follow up with a certified copy in the mail.   For now can you confirm via a response to this email, that these are the latest bylaws on file?  He noted that under the Power of Attorney, it would be required that two of the gentlemen listed on page 2 of the power of attorney documentation, execute our agreements.  Can you confirm?  Would be happy to discuss this with you.  Thank you for your cooperation.  Gerald Nemec Attorney ENA Legal 
 Phone number is (713) 853-3512.      arlanz@mexis.com (Armando Lanz) 05/30/2001 02:28 PM 
 Attached for your review are a draft of the gas Confirmation and associated GTC.  Also attached is a clean and redlined version of the Agency and Management Agreement.  A few minor tweaks were made.  We also added some information requirements concerning your gas supply deals.  Please review. Thanks for your help. 
 Becky,  I attended the Thursday session.  Please send me the paperwork I need to get the CLE credits.  Thanks. 
 Where were you guys?  I really need help.  In fact I need it so badly that I waited at Kenneally's until 2:00 am. 
 Brian,  Attached is our response to Bridgeline's issue list (revised based on our meeting) with a short cover letter.  I addressed the cover letter from you to Robert Morgan.  If that is not correct let me know.  I am sending a hard copy of these docs for your signature.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Rae,  Please print the cover letter on ENA letterhead and attached a hardcopy of the response.  I need to fill in Bridgeline's complete address on the cover letter.  Please check with Keagan to see if she has the address. 
 Resending per your voicemail. 
 Sounds good.  Let me know if you need anything else.      Brian Redmond/ENRON@enronXgate 05/31/2001 08:22 AM 
 Louis,  Please approve a parking subsidy for Nabil Nachawati, a summer law clerk, in the legal dept.  My RC# is 105659, and the CO# is 0413.  Let me know if you need any further information.  Gerald Nemec 
 Attached is the executable Agency and Management Agreement Document.  Please print out and execute and fax back to Barry for ENA's execution.  We will fax back a fully executed copy.  Please note that as we discussed, two of the gentlemen listed in Mexicana  de Cobre's power of attorney must execute.  Will will follow up with hardcopy orginals for execution with all the exhibits in the mail or delivered by Barry.  Thank You. 
 Forgot to mention earlier.  Please fill in the notice information on the executable copy of the Agency Agreement.  Thanks 
 Greg,  The revisions made by Brazos Valley are acceptable.  They can prepare the executable, sign and forward to HPL for signature.  Let me know if you have any questions.      Greg Brazaitis 05/30/2001 09:12 AM 
 Ken,  I made the revisions left in your phone mail.  Let me know if you want me to prepare executables.  Thanks. 
 Unfortunately I will be out of the country during that time.  Please tell Barry thanks for the offer!      Jessica Presas/ENRON@enronXgate 05/31/2001 09:06 AM 
 We have accepted your suggested revision to Article 13 of the Agency and Management Agreement.  Attached is a new executable with the language revised.   Also attached for execution are the gas purchase confirm and associated GTC for the gas purchase through Monday June 4.  The GTC was revised to remove the $0.15 per MMBtu liquidated damages.  Thanks. 
 Greg,  Attached is the executable for Brazos Valley Energy, L.P.    Thanks, and Good Luck with AEP.  If you need any follow up on this please feel free to call me.  Gerald 
 Attached are the final documents which includes  1.  Agency and Management Agreement - Clean and Redlined copy which shows the changes per my discussion with Jay Goleb at Baker & Botts 2.  Gas Confirm for June 1 thru June 4, 2001 3.  Gas Confirm for June 5 thru June 30, 2001 4.  Gas Conform for July 1 thru October 31, 2001 5.  GTC which applies to all three confirms 6.  Agency Notice Letter - Mexicana to send to its Permian suppliers for notice of Enron's agency.  Please print out and execute documents 1 thru 5 and fax to Barry Tycholiz. We will follow up with duplicate originals for execution.  Thanks for all your cooperation. 
 Kim,  Attached are the revised documents for Palo Alto.  The documents are revised to reflect the deal term comments that the City forwarded.  I changed the name of the document to Natural Gas Services Agreement to address their concerns about a non commodity agreement.  I have also added language requiring a City Council resolution to for this document.  Instead of a legal opinion, we would require the City Attorney to approve both the Natural Gas Services and Transaction Agreements.  In included a redline of the services agreement from the prior version.  The Transaction Agreement would not redline on MS word for some reason.  I will request my assistant to redline it for you on Monday using comparewrite.  If you need help prior to my return, please coordinate with Jeff Hodge.  Please forward these documents to the City if you are okay with them.   Thanks. 
 Rae,  Please redline the No4 against the original No3 on compare write and forward via email to Kim Ward.  MS word would not redline correctly. 
 Shonnie,  Attached are my comments per our discussion. 
 Mark,  Attached are rough drafts of the following documents for the noted projects:  Bay Gas Storage 1.  Draft CSA 2.  Draft Lease Agreement 3.  Draft O&M Agreement    Oakhill 1.  Draft CSA 2.  Draft O&M Agreement for Hanover to provide maintenance.    Please note that these are really rough based on the limited information available at this time.  I did not provide a lease agreement for Oakhill as you indicated Hanover would finance/lease the Electric Motor Drivers to ECS. If Hanover is providing a straight lease, the lease for Bay Gas could be used.  If Hanover is providing a purchase option, the lease agreement would need to be modified for the purchase option.  My suggestion is to provide these forms to the customer with the caveat that as the commercial terms are fine tuned, these drafts will be modified.  But this gives them the basic idea.   In my absence please contact Barbara for coordination of legal support in the event you cannot wait until I return.  Thanks. 
 Mark,  I forgot to mention in my earlier note, that for the parking/storage arrangement with Bay Gas, I would request their form of storage agreement.  I makes more sense to have a separate agreement cover the parking arrange as this is really independent of the compression services.  These storage company typically have their own agreement that not bad and usually won't use the counterparties paper. 
 GT,   Big game this week!  I heard ESPN Gameday is even going to be in Austin.  Sounds pretty cool.  OK if I crash at your place again?  I am planning on coming in early Saturday morning right now. 
 That sounds cool.  We talk more later. 
 EB3883.  See you tommorrow. 
 So in other words, a typical night in the Gillaspie household, except for the sex. 
 Attached is the agreement with my markups.  Both clean and redlined. 
 Attached is a clean and redline version of the revised agreement.  Dan has not had a chance to review all the new language, but in the interest of time, I am sending this out for review. 
 I know he's not actually planning to crack the seal on that book and to sponge off us, so I have been feeding him bad information all week.  I can't wait until Kristi asks, "What could happen if you don't properly equalize?" and he answers, "You could have painful flatulence for 6 months." 
 What time is the tailgate kicking off?  I am still driving in on Saturday morning.  Not sure if I have any 70s stuff, but I will take a look.  Need a tie dye. 
 I feel your pain brother.  I only about halfway through Section 1.   I haven't picked up the book in a while.  I will have to catch up on Sunday because I will be in Austin on Saturday watching the Horns crushed the angry red menace.  Is there a cliff notes version of this book?? 
 Attached are clean and redline versions of my revisions to the Confidentiality Agreement.  Please Note:  1.  I am not sure is the paragraph concerning US Technical Data is necessary.   If it is, what are we receiving and what type of obligations would we have?  2.  Need to get as specific as possible concerning the project in the first paragraph.  I will be in a due diligence this afternoon and most of tommorrow.  I will be checking voice mail. 
 http://www.ble.state.tx.us/current.htm 
 Yes, I did receive it.  I have been out of the office on a due diligence the last couple of days.  I will review and get back to you tommorrow.  Thanks. 
 Ted,  Attached is a revised draft of a letter.  Please review and let me know if you have any comments.  Please note the following with respect to this issue:  1.   We should make sure we have performed a gas analysis at each producers delivery point and are sure they are creating or contributing to the quality problem.  I recommend attaching such gas analysis to this letter.  2.  The BRG Petroleum Corp. contract doesn't give us any cause to send this letter.  The contract requires BRG to meet the quality specs. of the the pipeline which receives the gas downstream of the Point of Delivery on the Confirm.  Such Point of Delivery is at the wellhead and HPL is the downstream pipe.  HPL's specs (unless they have changed, don't have a limitation on gas richness).  3.  The Texlan letter will be slightly modified from the attached, since we will reference Force Majeure.  4.  Do we have a accurate list of producer names and address?  If you are okay with the letter, I can have a        paralegal prepare the letters with addresses. 
 Can you please pull the referenced contract and lets discuss. 
 Remember the line Clint gave when the bounty hunter wanted to take him back and he told Clint he we just trying to make a living.  Clint responded "Dying ain't much of a livin boy!"  Remember that.  That was awesome. 
 T minus 10 days? 
 Your welcome.  Maybe drinks and moonpies.  Sound good?  Maybe next week. We'll talk after the legal boondoggle. 
 I will be in the Woodlands til probably around 7:30, but could meet you guys at that time. Where and when?  The Mausoleum? 
 Please see attached. 
 FYI 
 Attached is the redline with the changes we discussed this morning. 
 Lal,  Attached is the form agreement that was attached as Exhibit B to the LLC Agreement.  Have you reviewed the Change Order form for the Compressor and Plant?  I have not heard back from Andy either.  Please let me know if you have any comments. 
 Kay,  Please review the attached and let me know if there are any issues. Thanks. 
 Kay,  Another CA Data Sheet check.  Thanks. 
 I'll be in town.  Let me know the details.  Eric may have trouble.  After the stunt he pulled Tuesday, the Warden's angry. 
 I enjoyed lunch today also.  It was nice to feel normal, even if only for a short time. 
 I am sending you some handwritten comments to this version.  I am going home the rest of the day.  If this is something that has to be sent out today, incorporate these comments in any new version.  Otherwise lets talk about it tommorrow. 
 GT,  I won't be able to come in for the game this weekend.  I am taking a scuba diving class and I have open water dives on both Saturday and Sunday. I am kinda pissed off at myself that I didn't realize this when I signed up for the class but now I am committed.  I will still sell the tickets to your brother and nephew if they want them though.  I can FEDEX the tickets to you by Friday or worst case, just have the ticket office leave passes for the seats at will call.  Let me know.  G, 
 I will FEDEX the tickets.   Party hard for me.  G,  You need to come to Houston when you get a chance and well have a good time. 
 GT,  Ticket went Fedex today, and should be there tommorrow after 10 am.  If not please let me know.  I will get tix to Big 12 game and join the party bus.  Is Stacy going? Sar! 
 Neta,   I understand you currently have an agreement in place with Jomax Construction.  Enron Midstream Services, L.L.C. wants to do an affiliate work order under the existing agreement.  Can you email the details on the agreement and forward a copy of the agreement.  I will use the form of Affiliate Work Order you forwarded prior.  Thanks for your help. 
 Ah yes!  A mini 2 year old cheese burger.  Why should that cause problems? 
 Mark,  The attached document outlines the relevant documents to be assigned to the new LLC and their assignment provisions.  Please note that for the City of Farmington Power Supply Agreement (Bloomfield), a deposit will be required by the new assignee.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions.  Larry and Lance,  The contract packages which contain the referenced agreements will be sent today. 
 I again reviewed the storage contracts on which large value has been assessed.  The Cove Point LNG, Limited Partnership and Egan Hub Partners, L.P. are both FERC regulated entities and both agreements have negotiated rates. The Cove Point deal has a negotiated reservation charge and the Egan Hub Partners has a negotiated storage reservation and injection charge.  Since we are buying the assets of Columbia and assigning the contracts to Enron and these deals are at less than max rates, they would be subject to reposting upon assignment and there would be no guarantee that Enron would receive these rates in a competetive bidding situation.  It is my understanding the discounts were taken into account for valuation purposes, however these discounts are at risk due to posting requirements.  The remainder of the storage contracts would require consents to assign.  Note: Any transport contracts with discounted rates would be subject to the same as above.  I am verifying the reposting requirements with Randy Rich of Bracewell & Patterson (FERC Counsel) and he is to get back with me early this afternoon. I will let you know if anything changes. 
 Dan,  Attached is a clean and redlined version of my changes.  As we discussed, the letter is now non-binding. 
 Tell her that I will buy her all the beer she wants if she goes to Cozumel with us.  Just two conditions.  Craig stays home and she rooms with me! 
 Dan,  Attached is a clean and redlined version of the non-binding LOI.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 GT,   Was that an ass kicking or what?   The game look like a blast on TV.  I am still pissed I missed it.  Did you get the tickets okay?  Hope so.  How was the Tailgate?  Any sweet sweet babies? 
 More Coz 2000 T-shirt slogans.  1.  Get Bouyant! 2.  Diving, Booze, and BuckCherry! 3.  Maximize your Bottom Time, Day or Night! 4.  I was Kristi's Favorite Student.  (For Gerald's T-shirt only) 5.  Air Tanks and Margaritas.  All the necessary equipment! 6.  Charter member of the BADC.  ( The Bad Ass Diving Club.) 
 I am officially a certified scuba diver!  All set for Cozumel in February. You can still get in on the trip if your interested.  How did Lisa take the Red Raider butt whipping?  Give her my condolences. 
 Jim,  Attached is a clean and redline version of your letter with my comments.  The deal maker on this one is probably the appropriate person to sign this one.  Is it Jim Ducote?  Is Greg Brazaitis or Steve Schneider aware of this project? 
 Pat,  Could you print all these out for me.  I need two copies.  Thanks. 
 Attached are clean and redlined versions of the interconnect agreements with revisions.  Please review and if okay foward to Pace for their review. 
 David,  Attached are the Sofregaz US Inc. contracts.  Thanks for your help on this.   - compare02.doc - Exhfaffl.doc 
 Attached is a draft form of Master Firm Purchase Agreement between ECS Compression Company, L.L.C. as Seller and ECS as Buyer.  Also attached is a confirm for the gas deal.  Notice the information I need on the confirm and please fill in the blanks.  If you have any comments on the contract form, please let me know as soon as possible. 
 Ken,  Attached is the form of tasking letter.  Please fill out Part I or have Karl Durant fill it out as best we can.  You can return the form to me and I will forward to High Mountain for execution. 
 Kay,  Please review the attached.  Once again, thanks for your help. 
 GT,  I was surfing on the aggie BBS during lunch and stumbled across a post with this picture on it. This is hilarious.   Go to this site and take a look.   http://216.178.224.116/pages/forums/Forum2/HTML/004740.html 
 fyi 
 A little Mihm action. 
 Mark,  Attached are redlines of the revisions to the O&M and CSA Docs. 
 Same stuff going on here.  Lisa and I are still settling things.  Looks like I am going to keep the house.  So you need to come into town and well have a good time.  My address is:    1403 Banks Houston, Texas 77006  I am hooked up with tickets to the Big 12 game.  Are you guys still planning on a bus to SA? 
 In the literate world (outside of Iowa) this is a "poll",  not "pole". 
 I was thinking about coming into Austin Friday night and driving up with you guys on Saturday and staying in Austin again Saturday night.  I am going to have a friend with me (male unfortunately) since I have two tickets.  Let me know if that fits in with your plans. 
 Three problems with this Draft.  1.  In Paragraph 1.1, they removed my requirement of installing a system to meet "all of Enron's electrical power requirements for the Driver".  My concern here is that they put in equipment that is not adequate to handle our load requirements.  At a minimum we should state a specific load requirement for this station.  E.g. 10,000 HP.  2.  In Paragraph 1.1, they inserted a requirement that Plain's approve any in-service date for the driver and that the Telecommunication Equipment would be in-service by such date.  My draft had a date established by Enron solely and Plains would have to meet such date.  I think we need control of our in-service date without Plains prior approval.  We will be reasonable in establishing such date.  3.  Plains disclaims all warranties with respect to the Telecommunication Equipment.  This was not in the first draft.  We need some assurance that this equipment will do the job we need it to.  I would be happy to discuss these directly with Plains' attorneys at their convenience. 
 Attached for review are the following: 1.  Bill of Sale for Bloomfield Electric Motor (ECT to ECS) 2.  Bill of Sale for Bisti Electric Motor (ECT to ECS) 3.  Assignment of Contracts for Bloomfield Station (ECT to ECC) 4.  Assignment of Contracts for Bisti Station (ECT to ECC)  Mark,  Please forward to the appropriate accountant since Roger is no longer on this deal.  Lance,  Please forward to A&K.  I do not have their email address. 
 Arnold,  Do you have a name and number of the Plains attorneys (or someone who has their number) so I can discuss the attached issues with them concering the Comm Agreement. 
 Attached is the final version of the mechanical maintenance agreement. 
 Attached is Greg's email with my response in bold inserted.  Based on my review notes.  Let me know if you need anything else.    Enron North America Corp. 
 GT, Do you have a ticket for the game set up.  The guy going to the game with me, is not 100% committed.  If you don't need it, he will use it.  I will be coming to Austin by myself though and he would meet me at the game.  Are you driving up to SA with anyone? 
 Attached is a short summary of our review of the Transport and Storage (Off System) for KN Marketing. 
 Attached is the due diligence review summary prepared by the legal asset groups for the West Texas Assets at the KN Data Room.  Steve is continuing to review the information on the gathering/processing portion and we will update as info is available. 
 Anne,  Attached is a list of the contracts, documents, or information which we still need for our review.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Brian,  Thanks for the kind words in the phone mail message.  I enjoy working with you and your group and look forward to continuing to do so.  Thanks again. 
 Mark,  My comments 
 Morela,  Attached is the letter with some revisions.   Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Hello,  I am an attorney at Enron North America Corp.  I have recently been asked to coordinate our hiring of summer clerks.  Monica Jordan previously had handled these duties and informed me that she had used the HBA Minority Committee through which to do some of our hiring of clerks.  I am looking for information concerning this program; such as how it operates, when it meets. etc.  Any information you could supply would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks,  Gerald Nemec 
 Attached is the basic form of service agreement we are going to use for the two individuals we discussed. 
 Dan,  Attached are the amendments drafts for the Gas Purchase Agreement and the Gathering Agreement.  Revised Exhibit As which include the Caballo area need to be created.  Also John Crecink with MTG needs to provide the list of lease in the added reserve areas. 
 Matt,  Attached is the PSA Form.  Section 9 and 9(c) specifically is the section we discussed.  As I stated, the assets is a single gathering system and associated contracts. 
 FYI 
 Attached are the updated contract briefs for those two KN Interstate Transmission Co. contracts that mention the Pony Express Extension.  The only thing added was some further MDQ information. 
 Joe,  Attached is the document with the revisions we discussed.  Please review and if acceptable prepare the executables. 
 Dan,  Attached is my revised letter agreement for the Maverick Pack Gas purchase.  Needs to be printed in ENA letterhead.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Sounds like your most effective weapon is your coach. 
 Attached is the revised letter agreement. 
 Please forward to my attention at:  1400 Smith Houston, TX 77006 Suite EB3883  Thanks for your help. 
 Mark,   Enron Compression Services is correct.  Thanks. 
 Attached are drafts of the MidCon Interconnect Agreement for Deer Park and Greens Bayou.  The agreements are written with the following key points.  1.  HPL will install both meter facility to mutally agreeable specifications. 2.  HPL will own and operate the Greens Bayou Point. 3.  MidCon will own and operate the Deer Park Point. 4.  All costs to install both interconnects will be shared 50/50 by the Parties under a true up mechanism based on actual costs. 5.  Pressure committments by both Parties for 5 years, with failure to meet such committments resulting in reimbursement by the failing Party of all costs borne by the non-failing Party for that interconnect only at which the pressure committment is not met. 6.  Each Party has a right to use at all times 50% of the then available capacity at each interconnect, unless a Party fails to meet its pressure committment.  Please review. 
 Article 4 and 6 are the most relevant 
 fyi 
 Interesting read from Fortune Magazine.  A little dated though.   Copyright 1999 Time Inc. Fortune  December 20, 1999  SECTION: FEATURES/TEXAS LONGHORNS; Pg. 160  LENGTH: 4639 words  HEADLINE: How One College Program Runs The Business; INSIDE LONGHORN INC.  BYLINE: Roy S. Johnson, Research Associate Mary Danehy  BODY:   Tom Hicks was beside himself. He couldn't sit in one place. And he couldn't stand. He couldn't even bear to watch at times, but the buoyant CEO and chairman of Hicks Muse Tate & Furst, the giant buyout firm, also couldn't afford to turn away, because this deal could go either way. I'm not talking about the company's pending $ 200 million bet on an Internet outfit called Teligent. That's pocket change to a business managing more than $ 11 billion in assets. This was really big. This was Saturday afternoons in the fall. This was perky cheerleaders flying through the air, and high-stepping marching bands. This was college football. This was Texas.  On this autumn Saturday afternoon in Austin, the University of Texas Longhorns led powerful Nebraska with only a few minutes on the clock at Darrell K Royal-Texas Memorial Stadium, the team's newly renovated home. A win would be huge. The Cornhuskers, perennial national title contenders, were big-bully conference rivals and ranked third in the nation, while the young Longhorns were like clumsy calves still finding their legs under second-year coach Mack Brown. Hicks is a proud and generous alum (Texas Exes, they're called), and he's deep into this Hook 'em Horns thing. Two years ago he flew athletic director DeLoss Dodds to North Carolina on his private plane to woo Brown to Austin personally, and he regularly counsels the coach on management matters. He also advised Dodds about pricing, financing, and amenities when Texas built 66 posh private suites at the stadium before last season. In October he hosted a charity golf tournament in Dallas during the raucous Texas-Oklahoma weekend to benefit the school's sports programs. He owns the Texas Rangers baseball team and the NHL Dallas Stars, but Tom Hicks loves the Texas Longhorns.  So it's understandable that he was a bit on edge at the Nebraska game, hosting a couple of dozen friends, relatives, and business associates in one of the glitzy new suites high above the field at the Nebraska game. Wearing a Longhorn burnt-orange shirt and surrounded by enough ice-cream bars and shrimp to satisfy an offensive line, Hicks was anxious and animated. "Hey," he yelled, "ain't this something?"  It sure is. The University of Texas athletic program is at a pretty intriguing place in college sports. With a surging young football team at its core, it is one of the most successful college athletic programs in the country, and I'm not just talking about wins and losses. This is a multimillion-dollar enterprise that operates more like a solid business than a renegade campus outfit. College sports has been a big-ticket dance for some time now, and this program is much like others at the top-tier universities, but there are a couple of exceptions: The folks making the moves in Austin function more like CEOs than like traditional athletic directors and coaches, and they're making it work.  To determine how they do it, I went back to school this fall and asked to take a close look at the books. What I found was an operation that balances the athletic department's educational responsibilities with fiscal discipline at a time when the costs of running a big-time athletic program are surging and most college athletic programs are in the red. I found a place where football pays the bills. That was no surprise, but this was: Among the beneficiaries of big-time football is a women's sports program that could be a model for gender equity.  In fact, at the University of Texas, the football Longhorns are Grade A cash cows. Athletics officials credit the team with generating a staggering 80% of the department's $ 45.3 million from revenues in 1999. That's $ 36 million from tickets, individual donations, rights fees, sponsorships, hot dogs, beer, and other sources.  The athletic department operates much like a self-contained corporation, separate and apart from the rest of the university. It has its core business (football); various auxiliary operations (other men's and women's teams); numerous revenue streams; traditional corporate functions such as finance, marketing, public relations, and HR (you know it as recruiting); and even sophisticated satellite offices--dozens of alumni chapters nationwide, through which athletics targets some 400,000 Texas Exes for private gifts. Got shareholders? You bet. More than 80,000 of them meet in the stadium in Austin on Saturdays in the fall, and they grade every move Mack Brown makes. Think chasing quarterly expectations is brutal? Try putting the success of your company in the hands of a bunch of 18- to 22-year-olds. Hate talking to analysts? Try answering Buck from Muleshoe, Texas, on a weekly call-in talk show after losing a 23-point lead in the fourth quarter.  Of course, the whole thing is complicated by the fact that while a major-college athletic program must be managed with the diligence of a public company, athletic directors don't have the luxury of shutting down unprofitable businesses--at most schools that would be every sport save football and men's basketball. And those well-paid football coaches, quite simply, must win. "If we were a business, we wouldn't have any sport but football, and we would generate a heck of a profit," says Dodds, who is among the nation's most respected athletic directors. "But we're not about that. We take the money we generate from football and use it to provide opportunities for other kids. Then we try to balance what we want to accomplish inside the institution with what folks outside the institution want us to do. It's a hard thing to do."  For more than a quarter-century, one of the most difficult challenges for college sports has been finding a place for women. You've probably heard of Title IX, the historic clause in the Education Amendments Act of 1972 that turned college sports on its ear by requiring athletic programs to offer equality for women in participation, scholarship allocation, recruitment spending, and coaching resources. The requirement forced athletic departments to essentially double their operations, which helped spark the overall growth in college sports. So whatever you think about the emphasis on college football, hey, it pays for women's soccer, okay?  The Texas athletic department's budget is among the largest in the nation--$ 41.2 million for fiscal 1999, which ended in August. Only four universities had fatter sports wallets that year: Wisconsin ($ 41.4 million), Tennessee ($ 45 million), Michigan ($ 47.6 million), and Ohio State, No. 1 by far with a whopping $ 64.9 million athletics budget. (If you think those who spend the most win, forget it: OSU is the only school of the group not ranked in the latest Top 25 AP football poll.)  How does UT get to its number? For starters, ticket sales and game guarantees (payments to UT by a host school when the Longhorns play on the road) generated $ 10.1 million in revenue last year. That category was exceeded only by private gifts, which totaled an impressive $ 21 million. Other significant income categories included suite-lease revenue ($ 3.2 million), television money ($ 3.9 million), payment for the team's Cotton Bowl appearance ($ 866,842), optional student fees ($ 570,000), sponsorships and advertising ($ 400,000), licensing revenue ($ 300,000), and concessions ($ 750,000). All told, the department generated $ 45.4 million in 1999.  The athletic department's expenses totaled $ 50.1 million. That included scholarships valued at $ 2.8 million for 226 men and 186 women, administrative costs ($ 1.4 million) for about 230 employees, and equipment purchases ($ 2.4 million). The costs of running individual teams ranged from $ 7.5 million for football to $ 370,000 for tennis.  What caused the shortfall? The final bills for a two-year, $ 93 million capital improvement effort. Remarkably, the athletic department completed the project without a penny from the university's academic funds. It raised more than $ 31 million in private donations in just over two years. The department also took out $ 48 million in bonds (serviced now by lease and ticket revenues). The bill was closed with $ 14 million from the university's Parking and Traffic division to fund a parking garage. So what can you get for $ 93 million? Take a stroll down East Campus Drive near the stadium, and you'll pass the spiffy new $ 28 million Mike A. Myers Stadium and Soccer Field. One block over is maybe the nicest football practice facility in the country, the newly renovated Denius Athletic Fields ($ 2.5 million). It was subsidized by 82-year-old World War II veteran Frank A. Denius, a longtime fan who has attended practices most every day for as long as anyone can remember.  Beyond the 66 suites at Royal-Memorial stadium, UT added nearly 7,000 new seats, renovated major sections on both sides of the 76-year-old facility, and lowered the field three feet. Why lower the field, you ask? I did too. Better sightlines, of course. The stadium renovations cost $ 55 million--$ 3.2 million to lower the field alone! The department also spruced up its main offices, now known as the Moncrief-Neuhaus Complex. (If you've got an extra million, you can get your name slapped on just about anything.) The place is Four Seasons plush. There's an impressive academic support center stocked with computers, a hangar-sized weight room that could inspire a couch potato, and an over-the-top football locker room any NFL team would envy--custom-carved benches, original art, and lockers the size of small Manhattan apartments. Mack Brown's spacious office, with a picture window overlooking the stadium field, is trimmed in warm cherrywood and decorated with mementos and collectibles, including a case of watches commemorating universities and bowl games where he has coached during his 24-year career. Photos from the Longhorn archives line the hallways, and display cases in the lobby house the school's three national championship trophies (1963, '69, and '70) and the 1977 Heisman Trophy, won by the man who is still the most powerful and exciting running back in college football history, former Longhorn Earl Campbell. Check out the intricate, hand-carved leather saddles in the cavernous players' lounge. Yep, you can sit on the saddles and watch games.  If it all seems impossibly lavish, there are reasons. The stadium upgrade generates new revenue, and the school had to build new facilities for its women's programs under requirements outlined in Title IX. But perhaps the most vital reason is recruiting. "We had to stay sexy and attractive to the kids," says Ed Goble, UT's vice president of business affairs. "You've got to provide an enhanced experience on campus to compete for the best kids."  CEO and COO would be more appropriate titles for Dodds and Brown, the UT athletic director and head football coach. Dodds, a 62-year-old former track coach, got into sports administration because he liked working with coaches. Today he has an associate athletic director who handles those duties. Dodds is too busy closing new sponsorship deals, negotiating Big 12 Conference television and radio contracts, glad-handing with boosters, serving on NCAA committees, and promoting his self-described "passion"--a college football championship tournament. Dodds believes critics of a post-season tournament for college football--the only major sport without a legitimate championship tournament--are, after years of debate, softening. If it were to happen, it would have to be approved within the next 18 months, says Dodds, a "window" before negotiations for the next round of network television contracts kick into gear. Dodds thinks a college football championship would generate about $ 2 million for each of the 120 or so schools playing Division I-A football. "I think that over a seven-year period a football playoff is worth several billion," he says.  In the grand scheme of the college sports industry, $ 2 million may not seem like much, but Dodds knows well that success comes with a price. After last season, when Brown took the Longhorns to a post-season bowl for the first time since 1990, Dodds ripped up the coach's original contract and signed him to a new ten-year deal worth $ 1 million annually. He added an annuity, largely funded by private donors, that will give Brown $ 1 million annually at age 60 should he remain another four years.  By the way, Brown does earn more than the university president, Dr. Larry R. Faulkner, whose salary is $ 319,400. So does basketball coach Rick Barnes, who earns $ 750,000. But if you're looking for the sort of acrimony between sports and academics that tears so many schools apart, you won't find much of it here. "I have a lot of respect for Dodds, his inventiveness, and his way of keeping the organization attuned to opportunities," says Faulkner. "I've certainly paid attention to that."  The football coach actually gets to "coach" about as much as Bill Gates gets to play videogames these days. His nine assistants structure and manage practices and deal with most routine player matters. Brown, like any top-level executive, is expected to be the company's outside guy. He's your COO with a whistle. Most of his hours are filled with media obligations (about two dozen television and radio stations and newspapers cover the Longhorns), fundraising (for the entire university as well as the athletic department), and trying to keep his own management team in place. (After last season, seven of his assistant coaches were offered head coaching jobs elsewhere; Brown kept them all, adding $ 250,000 to the department's payroll. Additionally, five coaches were granted annuities worth $ 50,000 to $ 60,000 at age 60 if they hang on with Brown for four more years.)  On occasion, Brown also telephones one of the many corporate executives who are big UT boosters, guys like Hicks and San Antonio car dealer Red McCombs, another alum and the owner of the NFL's Minnesota Vikings. Brown looks to Hicks for time-management advice and insights on coping with pressure. With McCombs he talks talent and tries to absorb some of the owner's upbeat attitude. ("Hey, you're talking to one of only two owners who're going to the Super Bowl," McCombs told Brown after an early-season Longhorn loss. At the time, the Vikings were 1-2). "One of the things that's common in both of them is that they're high energy," says Brown. "They have the ability to dream, they have a lot of imagination, and they don't get down very much." In some areas, though, Brown is on his own. "The difference between their business and ours is that they can hire and fire who they want to," the coach said one October afternoon while lounging on one of the plush leather couches in his office. "In my business, we put our paychecks in the mouths of 18- to 22-year-olds we can't fire. It's like that ugly-baby theory--we can't get rid of them. So we have to hug them and teach them better. Another thing--CEOs don't have to deal with mothers. The major difference for us is the kids."  Brown's kids were whooping it up with 80,000-plus Longhorn faithful on that October afternoon when the pop of the final gun signaled the end of the Nebraska game. Final score: Texas 24, Nebraska 20. The victory was a turning point for the young Longhorns that propelled them to their finest season in years. Going into their last regular-season game against Texas A&M, the Longhorns have their best record (9-2) since winning ten games in 1995--albeit one that ended in an atmosphere of tragedy. A week before the game 12 students were killed and 28 injured on the A&M campus while building a huge bonfire structure for a pregame rally. As FORTUNE went to press the game was scheduled to be played.  This year the Longhorns have been ranked as high as sixth in the AP Top 25, their highest perch since 1996. Their reward? A possible trip to the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl in January, a prestigious bowl game despite its name. Each team in the game receives $ 1.5 million. To put it another way, the Nebraska victory paid off for the Longhorns like an Internet IPO. So while Dodds appeared calm amid the post-game celebrations, he was actually more relieved than anything. "If you don't win, you're not doing your job," he said. "And you don't survive."  There have been times of real doubt in recent years at UT athletics as the program struggled to find its way back to football prominence in the '90s. But perhaps the most significant crisis occurred in 1992, when seven female athletes filed a lawsuit against the university charging that it had failed to comply with Title IX. When the suit was filed, about 37% of UT's varsity athletes were women, and female athletes received about $ 1 million in scholarships, well short of the $ 2.8 million awarded to male varsity athletes. Some executives inside the department wanted to fight the charges. Recalls Jody Conradt, UT's women's athletic director and head coach of women's basketball: "Some folks said, 'Let's have a final war right here on the University of Texas campus, and let's just see who's right!' Thankfully, DeLoss and others said, 'That's not the way. We need to sit down and come up with a solution. " Just three days after negotiations began, the university settled, essentially agreeing to all demands. Today, 43% of the department's scholarship dollars are spent for female athletes, who represent 43.7% of UT's athletes.  Dodds believes that if the esteemed founders of college sports had not spurned female athletes from the start, then the industry would not have endured the turmoil that ruling ignited. "Somebody, somewhere, made a big mistake," he says. "Somebody, somewhere, decided women didn't need to be in sports, and I don't know why we weren't smart enough to fix it sooner."  The person most credited with nudging--some say shoving--Texas in the right direction on gender equity is Donna Lopiano, a longtime activist for equity for women in sports and now head of the Women's Sports Foundation. She became women's athletic director at the University of Texas in 1975, the first woman in the country to hold an AD title at a major university. Like many advocates for gender equity, she felt the university was dragging toward Title IX compliance, but as a university official she could not openly encourage students to challenge the university. Instead she handed out Title IX manuals and complaint forms from boxes she stashed behind her desk like candy at Halloween. "Must have done it hundreds of times, for 17 years," she says, laughing at the memory. "I had boxes of manuals and more boxes to replace them. I couldn't believe it when somebody finally did it." By "it," she means filed suit.  "It took someone to be abrasive, pushy, and all the other adjectives her friends use for Donna," says Conradt. "Donna scares people. It wouldn't have happened any other way. No question, she's the most significant individual for what we've been able to achieve in women's athletics."  Today women's athletics at UT has its own corporate structure and hierarchy. It shares resources with the men in many areas, but it has its own management team, led by Conradt, who, like Dodds, reports to university vice president Pat Ohlendorf. Only a handful of Division I programs are similarly structured. "I think young women need to see women as bosses," Conradt says. "If the [men's and women's] departments merged, how would women get the chance to run any of the areas? This way we have role models for student athletes."  The women still have a long way to go before reaching parity in one critical area--fundraising. Last year gifts received by women's sports totaled only $ 250,000. But the women are not without their boosters, Red McCombs being the biggest. Two events led McCombs to an epiphany regarding women's sports. One came during what he described as a "good ol' Bubba" meeting about fundraising a few years back. When he asked the lone woman in the room to name the most generous donors for women's athletics, he recalls, "She looked at me like I was crazy and said, 'Mr. McCombs, there are none.'"  Soon afterward, McCombs' young granddaughter told him that she could not find a girls' softball team to join. He realized that wasn't going to change as long as the woman in the good ol' Bubba meeting was right. So four years ago he wrote a check for $ 3 million to the UT women's athletic program, the largest single gift to women's collegiate sports anyone can recall. Earlier this year the Red and Charline McCombs Softball Stadium opened on UT's campus.  Title IX clearly stoked the growth in college sports programs a quarter-century ago, but where will the money come from to sustain future growth? There's at least some concern that college sports is already locked squarely in corporate America's cross hairs as the next sports-marketing frontier. For years only the likes of Nike, Reebok, and other sports brands had major deals with college teams. Now high-tech companies like eBay and Nextel are lining up alongside soft-drink, financial-services, and entertainment companies to sell their products and services to your kids. Companies once worried about being called crass for slapping logos on college campuses. Today there is no shame. Take the annual Texas-Oklahoma game, the meeting of two of the most celebrated rivals in college football history. For two years now it has been called the Dr Pepper Red River Shootout, also sponsored by Southwestern Bell, Mercedes-Benz, Bank of America, Miller Brewing, and the Texas Land & Cattle Co., a local restaurant chain. It's worth in excess of $ 100,000 to each school. Be very afraid.  For now, corporate deals remain only a minor revenue source for most big colleges. But as TV money and ticket prices peak, and donors get short arms and can't reach their wallets (after a couple of dog seasons, you'll see what I mean), it could become the most vital source of future growth. Texas' new deal with Nike, for instance, provides UT athletics with up to $ 1.8 million in Nike gear, along with $ 850,000 in cash annually for the next nine years. That's equal to the largest sponsorship deal in college sports, and more than twice the value of the department's previous contract with Reebok.  While Dodds is mindful of the need to maintain some boundaries against unbridled commercialism, he's more concerned that some major college programs may be forced out of big-time football altogether because they can't keep up with escalating costs. Sometimes the scale of all this makes Dodds wistful. "What I'd like to do is maybe start over with this whole thing," he says, "because it's gotten to the point where you don't control it, you manage it, and it's a challenge."  Nevertheless: Texas is banking on being a leader in e-commerce for college sports. Sales through its nascent Website are almost nil. But with nearly a half-million Texas Exes out here--and Longhorn football on a roll--the upside is vast. Hook 'em, iHorns?  On that Saturday afternoon in the fall when the Longhorns grew up against Nebraska, an elderly fan in dark glasses sat quietly on the front row of a luxury box at the stadium named in his honor. Darrell Royal is still greeted as "Coach Royal" around Austin. He's in awe of his surroundings, amazed that the program he helped build has become a multimillion-dollar operation. He never had to raise funds as a coach, never had to do anything but coach--and, well, fix the place up a bit. "When I first got here in 1954, there was a broken-down old shack in the end zone," he says. "Caretaker lived there. It took a few years, but we finally got it torn down." He laughed at another recollection: He couldn't understand why fans refused to sit in an upper section of the stadium until he ventured up and realized that there were no bathrooms up there.  Coach Royal doesn't much bother Dodds with advice anymore, though he did mention one thing a while back: "I told him, 'Nothing makes Texans as happy as winning, and it's happy folks that give.'" Like any good executive, Dodds listened well.  BOX STORY:  University of Texas Athletics Dept. Revenue 1998-99 $ 45.4 million  FOOTBALL revenue $ 36.1 million  Donations $ 17.5 million Tickets $ 10.1 TV (Big 12 and NCAA) $ 3.9 Marketing/advertising $ 1.4 Stadium suites $ 0.8 Concessions $ 0.8 Student fees $ 0.4 Other income $ 1.2  NONFOOTBALL revenue $ 9.3 million  Basketball $ 6.0 Baseball $ 1.4 Other sports $ 1.9  SOURCE: UNIV. OF TEXAS  BOX STORY:  BIG SPENDERS  Budget College Athletics budget AP Top 25 rank in millions football rank  1 Ohio State $ 64.9 - 2 Michigan $ 47.6 10 3 Tennessee $ 45.0 6 4 Wisconsin $ 41.4 4 5 Texas $ 41.2 7 6 Florida $ 39.4 5 7 Kentucky $ 36.5 - 8 Nebraska $ 36.0 3 9 Alabama $ 33.4 8 10 Auburn $ 33.2 - 11 UCLA $ 33.0 - 12 LSU $ 32.0 - 13 Florida State $ 31.0 1 14 Notre Dame $ 30.4 - 15 South Carolina $ 30.1 - 16 Iowa $ 30.0 - 17 Illinois $ 28.3 - 18 Texas A&M $ 27.6 24 19 Clemson $ 27.1 - 20 USC $ 26.7 - 21 Georgia $ 26.5 16 22 Arizona State $ 26.5 - 23 Oklahoma $ 25.3 - 24 Arizona $ 25.0 - 25 Arkansas $ 24.2 17 26 West Virginia $ 23.0 - 27 Kansas $ 22.7 - 28 Georgia Tech $ 21.6 20 29 Virginia Tech $ 20.1 2  As of Nov. 21, 1999. FORTUNE TABLE/SOURCE UNIV. OF TEXAS 
 Dan,  The only other thing I can think of is taking a security interest in the assets we are financing, if we are concerned about these guys being a credit risk.  We did this with the MTG deal.  I have a form of mortgage agreement which works with this type of deal.  I would guess credit needs to make that call.  Let me know if you want the form.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Attached is the form of amendment to the Dow Brining and Cavern Lease Agreement.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Laura,  Heard it around town that today is your birthday.  Happy Birthday!  Gerald 
 Nothing planned for Sat.  My home phone is (713) 942-8066 and my cell is (281) 772-9250.  Give me a call and let's try and hook up. 
 Attached is a clean and redlined versions of the Gateway and Rio Nogales with the revisions we discussed.  Please review and if acceptable, please forward to Pace.  Merry Christmas. 
 Dan,  Attached is the form.  It references the agreement we are lending the money under (and Events of Default thereunder) and also needs to have exhibits prepared.  We probably also should check to see if there are any existing Security Interest in these assets.  The ones we know that we are subordinate to should be noted in the mortgage.  Shonnie has a contact in Wyoming she has used before to search the county records for any existing security interest. 
 Dan,  Please review.  I will be in tommorrow morning and we can discuss and changes needed. 
 You have probably done this already, but remove any reference to SCADA in the Alstom agreement. 
 I received the e-mail.  Thanks. 
 Pat,  Please print out the attached documents for me.  Thanks. 
 We are doing business as Enron Compression Services Company.  Let me know if you need anything else. 
 Steve, Attached is a short bullet point list of the results of our transport review. 
 Attached is the revised CSA 
 Steve, Attached are briefs of the agreements wrt Dunwoody interest in some of Teco's systems.  Please let me know if there is any section you need me to expand on. 
 Please review the attached.  Thanks 
 Stephanie,  Attached is the agreement with my comments redlined.  I would be happy to discuss with you or Kern at your convenience. 
 Kay,  Please review attached.  Thanks. 
 Per Shonnie Daniel's request, I am forwarding Schedule I to the Participation Agreement. 
 John,  I have a flight this afternoon to San Antonio.  I will take this note with me and review.  I will call you either late this evening or tommorrow morning to discuss. 
 Tom,  I would like to attend.  The 23rd is the better date for me.  Let me know. Thanks.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Steve, Here it is.  Enjoy. 
 Let's talk. 
 Kay,  Please review the attached.  Thanks. 
 Brad,  Please reviewed the attached before we send to MidCon for their review.  Pay particular attention to the pressure committment sections. Thanks. 
 Steve,  Let's take out the reference to approaching the FERC in this letter. I would emphasize that they have had more than enough time for a response and while we would like to think they are cooperating, the lack of response little reason to believe otherwise.  Suggest that any further delay would require us to explore all our options for access into CMS.  At this point I would feel more comfortable with suggesting we would need to go to FERC via a phone conversation with CMS.   Let me know if you want to discuss this further.    Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI.  Looks like it did have review after all. 
 Let's see.  Meeting Kristi at a bar.   All signs point to YES. 
 Neta,  Please confirm that MSA #940210048 with Jomax construction is still in effect.  Thanks. 
 GT, Whats up brother?  Haven't heard from you in a while.  Did you buy the house?  Any babe action? 
 Ryan,  If you keep sending emails to her every 30 minutes, she will eventually respond.  I am on to your twisted little games. 
 Per Ted Bland's request attached is our PSA for the Nacogdoches Gathering System. 
 GT,   That sounds great on the house. What are you remodeling?  The carpet and kitchen?  I have been out chasing some myself.   It is amazing how may screwed women there are out there.  Some good looking ones though.  I am out of town the next couple of weekends, but some time after that would be good.  Early February around the 12th or any time thereafter.  Sounds like you are going to be busy moving in the house during that time also.  Let me know. 
 Happy Birthday to You! Happy Birthday to You! Happy Birthday dear Sharona! Happy Birthday to You!   Love,  Gerald 
 It worked,  You guys are officially online now.  Everything here is fine.  I will likely have a roommate in the next couple of weeks.  A friend of mine who also works at Enron is moving back to Houston from Portland.  This will work out great and also help me with the mortgage payments.  Take care and talk to you later.  Gerald 
 Lisa,  Attached is a spreadsheet which divides the property.  Please review and note the following:  1.  No values for the 401K's are in the sheet.   Blank at this time. 2.  The blue values can be changed and the sheet should adjust accordingly. 3.  Please review the calculations behind the cells to understand how I am calculating the values on the sheet.    If you want to sit down and go over this together at your convenience, I would be happy to do so. If you find something upsetting, please call and let's discuss before you talk to anyone else.  Gerald 
 Thanks for all your work on the trip Amy.  I'll tell Dan you deserve a big raise. 
 The docs should be with Carolyn Gilley in Contract Records. 
 Kay, Could you pull and send me copies of any Confidentiality Agreements any Enron entities have with the following companies:  Bay Gas Storage Energy South  Not sure what type of entities they are.  Let me know if you need any further information.  Thanks for your help. 
 By the time of this meeting, I will be about $10,000 richer with a 6 ft. tall half-clothed showgirl on each arm.  So please send Kristi my greetings! When upon learning I will not be in attendance, she goes into a deep state of depression, inform her that she had her chance and that ship has sailed.  OK, I will reconsider, but only if she grovels. 
 Mark,  Please review the attached form of amendments.  I have also prepared the form of amendment for the O&M Agreements, but will hold until you get further information on the fee arrangements.  After you review these forms, lets discuss and review where we are at in this whole process.  We will need to get TW, Accounting, and Investor review of these as soon as possible. 
 Kay,  Could you send me a copy of the draft of the HNG Agreement.  Thanks 
 Lets skin that smoke wagon! 
 I noticed that there was one bio missing.  So here goes,  Eric Gillaspie:  28 Junior Attorney extradonaire for Enron North America, wannabe Rock-n-Roll star.  Prone to performing at least one incredibly embarassing act every time he goes out drinking including, but not limited to, falling down in bars, kicking people on the dance floor with his incredibly gay dance steps, and lapsing into siezures resulting in the tossing of a full Gin&Tonic on senior attorneys.  Often mistaken for the cute little guy in the movie "Jerry Maguire" (Dogs and Bees can smell fear) not only because of his looks, but also his level of speech and depth of conversation.  Thinks the Rolling Stones stole all of their best material from BuckCherry and finally, "Our  dive captain". 
 Jim,  Attached are the interconnect agreements for the MidCon Flagstaff (formerly Greens Bayou) and Deer Park points.  The pressure of 550 psig is in the Flagstaff agreement.  Please review and if acceptable please forward to MidCon. 
 Steve,  Attached is the confidentiality agreement. 
 Las Vegas was alot of fun.  The weather was awesome.  In the 60s with clear skies.  However, I had no luck at gambling.  The cards just weren't falling for me in Black Jack.  Yes, a friend of mine from Enron is moving back to Houston from Portland, so this is working out great.  Very close to getting the divorce finalized. Should be done in a week or two.  Talk to you later and hope all finds you well. 
 Pat, I will be out the 4, 7, and 8th of Feb. 
 Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Kern River CA 
 Has-Been College Football Dynasties.  Hmmm, lets see.  Who else would fit into that category? 
 Attached are the following drafts: 1.  Amendment to Compressor Services Agreement (Bloomfield) 2.  Amendment to Compressor Services Agreement (Bisti) 3.  Amendment to Operation and Maintenance Agreement (Bloomfield) 4.  Amendment to Operation and Maintenance Agreement (Bisti)  These agreement will all be assigned (after amendment in accordance with the above) to the new LLC.  Please review.  We are trying to forward these drafts to the investors on Wednesday.  If we could get your (Transwestern's) comments by tommorrow afternoon, it would be extremely helpful.  Thanks for your attention to this matter 
 Dan,  Attached are the draft Kennedy Amendments.  Please review and forward to Kennedy if acceptable. 
 Please disregard the prior versions. 
 New email is Gerald.Nemec@enron.com 
 >>Yahoo! News >>Aggies are  getting themselves into trouble again.... >> >>  AP. A Texas A&M University student who claimed he had >>been raped by a >>dog >>  was yesterday jailed for 12 months. Martin Hoyle, 20, >>was arrested by >>police >>  after the >>  passengers of a passing car witnessed a Bull Terrier, >>called Badger, >>having >>  sex with Hoyle on the side of Highway 290, just north >>of Hempstead. >>  Assistent District attorney Ben Crossland said the >>passengers of the >>car, an >>  unidentified couple from Houston, had stopped to help >>because they >>thought >>  Hoyle was being attacked by the animal.  But when >>they got closer they >>saw >>  that Hoyle had his pants around his ankles, was down >>on all fours, and >>the >>  dog was straddling him from behind. >> >>  "The defendant mumbled something about the dog having >>taken a liking >>to >>  him," said Mr Crossland.  "The couple were extremely >>offended and >>sickened >>  by what they saw." Another individual in a passing >>car contacted >>police on a >>  cellular phone and Hoyle was arrested as he walked >>with the dog on the >>  feeder road. Hoyle, of College Station, told police >>"I can't help it >>if the >>  dog took a liking to me.  He tried to rape me." He >>repeated the rape >>  allegation at the police station and added, "The dog >>pulled my jeans >>down." >> >>  Hoyle, who has been arrested several times on >>alcohol-related charges, >>was >>  jailed for 12 months after he admitted committing an >>act that outraged >>  public decency. His lawyer said Hoyle had no memory >>of the incident >>because >>  of his intoxicated state, but was now very remorseful >>and incredibly >>  embarrassed. Jailing him, Judge Alistair McCallum >>told Hoyle "Never >>before >>  in my time at the bar or on the bench have I ever had >>to deal with >>somebody >>  who voluntarily allowed himself to be molested by a >>dog on the public >>  highway. Frankly it is beyond most of our >>comprehension. It is an >>absolutely >>  disgusting thing for members of the public to have to >>witness." >> >>__________________________________________________ >>Do You Yahoo!? >>Talk to your friends online with Yahoo! Messenger. >>http://im.yahoo.com >  ______________________________________________________ Get Your Private, Free Email at http://www.hotmail.com        *******************Internet Email Confidentiality Footer*******************   Privileged/Confidential Information may be contained in this message.  If you are not the addressee indicated in this message (or responsible for delivery of the message to such person), you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone. In such case, you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email. Please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to Internet email for messages of this kind.  Opinions, conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it.              *******************Internet Email Confidentiality Footer*******************   Privileged/Confidential Information may be contained in this message.  If you are not the addressee indicated in this message (or responsible for delivery of the message to such person), you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone. In such case, you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email. Please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to Internet email for messages of this kind.  Opinions, conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it. 
 Thanks for the greeting card.  I am not sure if the guy mooning me meant something, but I will take it in a humorous manner.  Remember,  Be strong and confident.  Gerald (G$) 
 Attached is a draft for your review.  Please review and lets discuss any comments.  After re-reading the purchase and gathering agreement, I think the amendments should work in their present form.  The 2,500 Western gas needs to be noted as an exception on Exhibits A of both Agreements.   Exception should read "Up to the first 2,500 mmbtu/day of production from the Caballo Area shall be delivered to Western.... with ENA  (or EMS as applicable for the agreement) receiving all volumes in excess of such 2,500 mmbtu/day.  Any decline in the Caballo Area production shall apply ratably between Western's 2,500 mmbtu/day and ENA's (or EMS as applicable for the agreement) production levels."    I got my mind on my money and my money on my mind. 
 Attached are the latest revisions.  The Compression Admin. Agreement includes a clean and redlined version.  Please review. 
 Thanks for the note.  Hope you and Will have a wonderful Valentines Day. 
 Dan,  Attached is the revised gathering amendment for your review. 
 Susan,  Attached is a draft of the side letter for regulatory out we discussed last week along with the operational control agreement.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Forgot to put you on the original distribution. 
 Nice job on the photos.   Really makes me realize how drunk I was at certain times.  The good thing is that the "Dude" I met in Joe's and I are now pen pals and he will be coming to Houston to visit very soon.  Maybe he was my long lost brother.  I am making a phone call to my Mom right now too see if she has anything she wants to explain to me. 
 Steve,  Do you have an executed copy of the Trunkline Confidentiality Agreement for the LNG terminal in Lake Charles?  Need to get one for our files.  Thanks. 
 That's not funny! 
 It is all about drinking with you isn't it?  You need to get a grip.   I will have to pass on the Rudz Suds as I will be dining at one of Houston's finer eateries with captains of industry tonight.  However, Eric and I were kicking around a possible road trip to the beautiful island of Galveston this weekend.  Saturday or Sunday? Think that nice friend of yours, Willis, might be interested?  Please respond appropriately with your level of interest!  Just to anticipate the tone of your response, I will go ahead and call you a "Smart Ass" right now. 
 It is showing up on my computer and seems to be working. 
 RFP,   I had a good time also.  The bands were interesting though.  I bet that dude in the helmet sweated his ass off during the performance.  The date was actually  her call.  We are meeting some of her friends out for dinner and drinks and then some sweet sweet love.  Seriously, this girl is cool and a lot of fun.  Should be a good time.  Of course I am assuming that the date is still on.  In my clear thinking state last night when I left Rudz (a la 1 pm) I called her and woke her up.   I really have no idea what I said to her.  She may not be speaking to me anymore.  What was with Willis last night?  No show!  Let's circle the wagons this afternoon to discuss Galveston. 
 I'm sorry.  Eric and I aren't speaking at the moment due to creative differences.  I want only the orange M&M's removed from our dressing room and he wants only the brown ones removed. 
 Attached is Exhibit C to the Gallup O&M Agreement.  The original document left this Exhibit to follow later.   We also still owe you Exhibit B (Description of Compressor Motor Facilities) to the O&M Agreement and Exhibit B to the CSA (Proposed form of No. 21 Schedule).  These will follow shortly. 
 Attached for your review is the letter agreement which locks in the Gas Conversion Agreement pricing. 
 Just received this. 
 Jaime,  Attached is a firm sales agreement form which ECT utilizes in  North America.  A lot of the form may not be relevant given the fact that (i) Pemex is both the seller and transporter and (ii)  unless you are near the border, there are no alternative sources to Pemex.  However, it is a good starting point.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Sounds like a good trip if there are spaces available.  I think our dive captain is checking availability.  Of course our dive captain is also hesitant about being swallowed whole by a Whale Shark.  I told him that with a house to remodel that would probably be a blessing.  Let us know what your schedule is.  See if we can't hook up Thursday or Friday for lunch.  I open and I am sure Nacious E would be too. 
 True.  Especially after I cut E's fat plump rump roast with my dive knife to chum the waters a little.  Let's shoot for Friday for lunch.  Maybe I go back to work after that or maybe I don't.  No other three Czech brothers can cruise so successfully in tight slacks!  Things are going well with little Cynthia.  She is really fun and easy to talk to.  I am not sure what my intentions are right now but we enjoy each others company. 
 Stephanie,  Could you please add me to the distribution list for these types of meetings.  Thanks. 
 Tracy,  Thanks for the pictures.  Cute kid.  Frank does look like you.  I need to come by and see Frank in person.  Sorry that I have been out of the loop for some time but sometimes life is weird.  I am sure Tom told you that Lisa and I are getting divorced.  It is still hard for me to comprehend this, but all I can do is continue to move forward with my life.  Anyway, hope to see you guys soon sometime and keep sending pictures.  Gerald 
 Yes I am!  Let me know what time you are available and where you are this week and I will pick an appropriate location.   G$ and Nacious E are available.  You need a nickname too.  Let's ponder this one and submit ideas. 
 Let's plan on meeting at the Original Tila's (not Teala's) on Kirby right where the road curves before it heads down to Allen Parkway.  Around 11:45 am?  As far as nicknames go:  Punchy RyDog Steel Nipple Cherry Vodka The Ambassador Sling (you will sing all our Police cover tunes) R-Bomb 
 Ruppert,  If you there, call me at work immediately.  713-853-3512. 
 Mark,  Attached is a draft of the power agreement with my changes redlined in.  I still have a few more, but wanted to get the majority of these to you asap.  Targeting Monday to forward to CDEC. 
 Everything is going well.  Sorry I haven't gotten back to you, but I have been really busy at work and with other things.  I will give a call when I get a chance. 
 Attached is a clean and redline version with my changes.  I made a few further refinements to the agreement.  I think it would be a good idea to walk CDEC through these changes as a lot of these are form not substance. 
 Attached is a draft of the Contractor Protocols which work with the services agreements of Hanover Measurement Services Company (Stone Entity) which were circulated by Mary Cook last week.  Please review in conjunction with the services agreements and provide comments  . 
 Mark,  Please disregard the prior versions and review this one.  This includes Section 1.4 which requires CDEC to provide us access with the load projection systems that are in place. 
 FYI 
 Janet,  Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Confidentiality Agreement (Trunkline) with the revisions we discussed.  Please review.  Bobby Gaspard with Trunkline, asked that I forward the revised draft via email and after their review an executable.  Please forward to Bobby for his review at bjgaspard@cmsenergy.com if you are okay with this draft. 
 Looks like we got another one.  Sounds like we duplicate the agreement we create for Ginger and use for this interconnect.  Let's discuss when we get a chance. 
 Well it looks like Eric is now officially burden with an oppressive mortgage.  Won't be long before he is out mowing the lawn in Bermuda short and sandals with black socks.  Eventually all the good ones go down.  What up with you, JT?  G$ 
 Jeff,  Attached is the form with some modifications.  Please see that this is the form utilized for all releases in the future.  Please call me if you have any questions.  (713) 853-3512 
 Attached is a clean and redlined version the agreement with our revisions. 
 Ken,  This is the complete document.  The schedule are attached to it. 
 Stephanie,  I forwarded a hard copy of the operational control letter yesterday.  Let me know if you don't have it.  Attached is the price letter.    There is no formal contract in place between TW and EE&CC for the construction.  Both TW and ECS as I understand, have signed AFE's with EE&CC for the projects.  We will most likely have to address this risk in the Contribution Agreement.  I will talk with Mark and Mark about this.  PPA- we are expecting comments back from CDEC late today.  Schedule is now to review their comments and meet with them Tuesday (via phone or in person) to finalize.  We can likely get Patti a copy after Tuesday.  Contribution Agreement - Pending resolution of the construction risk issues, we can have a draft for Patti early next week. 
 Here they are. 
 TW has the final draft, since they prepared the document.  I have asked for it via email.  As soon as I receive I will forward.  Thanks.      Enron Global Finance 
 Here it is. 
 See attached and let me know if you have any questions. 
 I have directed my boy Eric to do some research and he came up with the following.  Attendance at one or both shows is a possibility.  Interested? 
 Bob,  Please review the attached scope of work from Jeff Gilliam.  He wants to prepare a Work Offer under the Moutain West MSA with the attached.  Please review and lets discuss if you have questions. 
 Pat,  Please use the distribution on the attached email for the meeting notice.  In the meeting notice please remind attendees to bring the action items we discussed at the previous meeting summary forwarded earlier. 
 GT,   What's up?  Got that house in order yet?  Keeps you busy doesn't it. Hope everything is going well.  I and the redfaced Eric are thinking about a road trip to Austin on the weekend of March 18th.  A band we really want to check out (Tenacious D) is playing at La Zona Rosa on Sat. the 18th.  Are you going to be around that weekend?  We have confirmation via some web site that Tenacious D will be there, but have tried calling La Zona Rosa about tix with no success.  Do you know anything about this place?  Are the concerts usually walk up tix sales?  Let me know what your schedule looks like.   Oh yeah, Eric's wife Jennifer will probably accompany him to Austin.  Eric couldn't get a hall pass for the weekend. 
 Attached is a clean and redlined version of the agreement with my changes after discussion with Dick Shirley and Fred Lackey this morning.  I will also fax a copy to them. 
 Sure.  Let me know when and where. 
 Paul,  I am still here.  Where the heck are you?  I guess you are back in the States by now.  What are you guy's up to?  How many kids do you have now?  As for Lisa and I, we are still DINKs (Double Income No Kids) in Houston.  I am officially an attorney now working in the corporate legal department of Enron Capital & Trade Resources.  I had to turn in my pocket protector when I left my engineering job.  Lisa actually just joined Enron, so now it is all in the family.  We are  doing good.  We bought a 50 yr old house near downtown about 1 year ago and have been restoring it ever since.  It really is amazing how all that Bob Villa watching is now paying dividends.  I am considering getting a tool belt with my name engraved on it.  We are both doing good.  Life for me is good, now that I don't have to go to school in the evening or study for the bar exam.  I am just enjoying my free time now.  I still keep up with George and Ernie occasionally.  George still lives in Austin and is single.  I visit him a couple of times a year.  You wouldn't believe it.  He still has the same furniture in his apartment that he had in college.  Kind of like stepping into a time warp.  Ernie just finished getting his MBA at UT this spring.  He will be working in San Antonio for Frito Lay (no doubt designing a chip that won't break when you dip it).  He now has a little girl with another kid on the way.  I think due sometime this summer.  He has really changed since undergrad.  A responsible young man now.  How are Mom and Pop Bieraugel doing? (Is the Big 10 going to take it in the shorts this year?)  Are they still in the Washington area?  Lisa had talked to your mom about a year ago when she was trying to track you down for my graduation party.  Sounded like all was well in the Bieraugel household.  I think she said John was in Alaska?  Anyway, drop me a note when you get a chance.  It is really great to hear from you again.  We need to keep in touch.  Gerald, 
 That sounds fine.  I haven't recieved any further mail for you from Shell.  I think you said there should be more coming. 
 Attached is the EnergyShare 2000 Agreement with my revisions included. Included is both a clean and redlined version.  I did not review in detail the payment calculation methodology.  I will leave this to Mark Courtney and John Scarborough for their review.  Please feel free to call me at (713) 853-3512 if you have any questions or wish to discuss my revisions. 
 Kay,  Please review the attached.  Thanks for your help. 
 Attached is the letter agreement which extended the EE&CC confidentiality agreement to our deal.  Please review and if it looks OK, print out on ENA letterhead two copies for execution.  I will need an original when it is executed. 
 GT,  Sounds like things are going well.  Can't wait to check out the house and Heather.  As for myself, I have been hanging out with Cynthia.  Met her through a friend.  I guess we are dating.  Not to anxious to stay with one girl at this point.  I'll let you know more early next week about the road trip.  Take care.  You wouldn't happen to know someone who could get us cheap South by Southwest passes.  We think we will need those passes to see Tenacious D.  G$ 
 Here are their comments.  I will review over the weekend and lets plan on discussing Monday morning. 
 Attached is the revised scope of work for use with the Mt. West Work Offer. 
 Hello!   Hope your day is going well.  As for me, it has been pretty busy. Dropped my tux off at lunch and it only took about 2 seconds.  I know you were looking forward to going with me to drop that off, but you missed out.  I had a great time this weekend.  Thanks again for accompanying me to the UH affair extraordinair.  Nice dress!!  Have a great rest of the day and I will talk to you later.  G$ 
 Attached is the form of CA.  Set up as a bilateral for asset deals primarily.  Easily adjusted to suit your needs though. 
 If Men TRULY Ran The World...  1.  Breaking up would be a lot easier. A smack to the ass and a "Nice hustle, you'll get'em next time" would pretty much do it.  2.  Birth control would come in ale or lager.  3.  Valentine's Day would be moved to February 29th so it would only occur in leap years.  4.  On Groundhog Day, if you saw your shadow, you'd get the day off to go drinking. Mother's Day too.  5.  St. Patrick's Day, however, would remain exactly the same. But it would be celebrated every month.  6.  Garbage would take itself out.  7.  Regis and Kathie Lee would be chained to a cement mixer and pushed off the Golden Gate Bridge for the most lucrative pay-per-view event in world history.  8.  The only show opposite "Monday Night Football" would be "Monday Night Football from a Different Camera Angle."  9.  Instead of "beer-belly," you'd get "beer-biceps."  10. Tanks would be far easier to rent.  11. Two words..."Ally McNaked."  12. When a cop gave you a ticket, every smart-aleck answer you responded with would actually reduce your fine. As in: Cop: "You know how fast you were going?"   You: "All I know is, I was spilling my beer all over the place."  Cop: "Nice one, That's $10.00 off".  13. People would never talk about how fresh they felt.  14. Daisy Duke shorts would never go out of style again.  15. Every man would get four, real Get Out of Jail Free cards per year.  16. Telephones would cut off after 30 seconds of conversation.  17. It would perfectly legal to steal a sports car, as long as you returned it the following day with a full tank of gas.  18. Instead of a fancy, expensive engagement ring, you could present your wife-to-be with a giant foam hand that said "You're #1!".  19. When your girlfriend really needed to talk to you during the game, she'd appear in a little box in the corner of the screen during a time-out.  20. Nodding and looking at your watch would be deemed as an acceptable response to "I love you."  21. The funniest guy in the office would get to be CEO.  22. "Sorry I'm late, but I got wasted last night," would be an acceptable excuse for tardiness.  23. At the end of the workday a whistle would blow and you would jump out of your window and slide down the tail of a brontosaurus and right into your car like Fred Flintstone.  24. Lifeguards could remove citizens from beaches for violating the "public ugliness" ordinance.  25. Hallmark would make "Sorry, what was your name again?" cards. 
 Steve,  We are currently negotiating an interconnect agreement for an upgrade of an existing interconnect off the Trawick System into TUFCO.  The interconnect is solely a delivery to TUFCO.  We are down to one point of difference in the agreement.  Typically HPL disclaims any liability for consequential damages to the other party.  TUFCO is asking for an exception for any violation of gas quality specifications.  This would mean that if HPL delivered off spec gas to TUFCO which required cleanup of their pipeline system or caused damage to a customer of TUFCO's HPL would be liable under this Agreement.  From a legal standpoint, we can make this exception, but I wanted to make sure everyone understood and agreed with the acceptance of this potential liability.  Assuming we are properly monitoring all our receipts there shouldn't be an issue.  Please let me know what you think about this situation.  I can forward a copy of the interconnect agreement if you do not currently have one. 
 Attached is the final version of the Bammel Compression Turnkey Construction Agreement used in Project Looper.  This agreement will require some modification for use in Project Coca-Cola, but is a good starting point.  In the interest of efficiency I am circulating this for your review and comments.  We can then discuss how this needs to be tailored for the CO2 project.  Please note the following with respect to this agreement:  1.  A detailed engineering scope of work will be required for the treaters. 2.  Given the financing objectives for this project, this agreement should be as lump sum price as possible with liquidated damages for in-service date        risk. 3.    A performance criteria guarantee section will need to be added which references specific plant peformance criteria in the scope of work.  FYI, I will be in Albuquerque tommorrow for a Compression Services project. After your review let's discuss. 
 Mark,  The letter with my comments incorporated. 
 David,  Attached is a short term sheet agreement that I propose we put into place for the Gallup electric driver which EECC is installing for Enron Compression Services Company.  As I understand it now, we have only an AFE with signature for this deal in place.   As I indicated on my voice mail, I need something more substantial in place for assignment, since we are selling a portion of this project off to investors.  Please review and lets discuss. Timing unfortunately is not long as usual.  I would like to meet as soons as your schedule allows.  Thanks. 
 Gerald.Nemec@enron.com  Yeah,  LSU almost lost though.  Should be interesting.  I think the SEC in general is a little overrated after the Kentucky and LSU games 
 Attached is the assignment and contribution agreement for your review.  I would like to get your feedback prior to wide circulation.  Note:  We are still working with EE&CC to put a basic construction agreement in place for assignment to the LLC.  ECS retains payment obligation under the construction agreement even after assignment into the LLC.  Thanks for your help. 
 FYI,  The issue we discussed this morning. 
 David,  Attached is the agreement with the revisions we discussed.  Please review.  I tried to redline againt the previous version, but any section that I modified displayed as an entire rewrite of the section.  Maybe you will have better luck redlining.  Please call with any questions.  X 33512. 
 Got the redline to work.  Attached is the redlined version of the construction agreement. 
 I reviewed these changes and they look fine.  Please prepare the executables.  Thanks. 
 I don't know if you have been keeping up with the recruiting info but Mack has committments from 4 blue chippers already.  One of them is the top LB in Arizona.  He is working his magic again this year. 
 Attached for your review in the Gallup Transaction are the following documents:  1.  Assignment and Contribution Agreement - Assignment operational documents and rights in assets from ECS into the LLC  2.  Engineering, Procurement, and Construction Agreement -  Defines relationship between ECS and Enron Engineering and Construction   Company for installation of the motor driver at Gallup.  This document will be assigned into the LLC except for that portion which relates to the electric power transmission line.  The utility will take ownership of the transmission line per the power purchase agreement.  Also forwarded via hard copy yesterday, was the executed Power Purchase Agreement.  Please let me know if you have not received this yet.  I will shortly email the form of gas purchase agreement between the LLC and ECS.  This will merely be a new Confirm (Transaction Agreement "C") which will operate under the existing Enfolio Master Firm Purchase Agreement between ECS and the LLC which was created for Kachina. 
 Henry,  I will resend a copy of the PPA. 
 Hi Katie,   Looks like you got the address right.  I too enjoyed talking with you last night.  I know you were disappointed to be distracted from your research project for a while.  Its been a busy week so far.  The end of the yearly quarter always is.  Last minute deals have to be closed to book the income.  At this time of year the commercial dealmakers get that wild eyed looked which says "I have got to get this project done or I am out of here".  March 31 can't arrive soon enough.  Got any big plans for the weekend?  Hanging out at the Dixie Chicken or is that only where rookies hang out?  Take care and I'll talk to you later.  Gerald 
 How are things going?  Haven't talked to you in a while.  As for me, I am fine.  Work is pretty busy right now.  We are at the end of the quarter and have to get certain deals closed before March 31, so it can get hectic.  My roommate will be leaving shortly.  He got a job opportunity with his family in North Carolina, so he will be moving.  Didn't last very long, but I knew that was a possibility when he moved in.  Are you guys getting into the wedding planning mode now with Sharon.  It should really be a beautiful wedding up in Estes Park.  Very nice mountain scenery.  Take care and I will talk with you later.  Gerald. 
 How are things going?  Haven't talked to you in a while.  As for me, I am fine.  Work is pretty busy right now.  We are at the end of the quarter and have to get certain deals closed before March 31, so it can get hectic.  My roommate will be leaving shortly.  He got a job opportunity with his family in North Carolina, so he will be moving.  Didn't last very long, but I knew that was a possibility when he moved in.  Are you guys getting into the wedding planning mode now with Sharon.  It should really be a beautiful wedding up in Estes Park.  Very nice mountain scenery.  Take care and I will talk with you later.  Gerald. 
 Gentlemen, Yes that means you, Eric.  Please review the attached and give me any comments before I distribute to the group. 
 Amy,  I revised a few things in the agreement.  Should be ready to go. 
 Susan, Attached is the text I am forwarding to the investors.  Please let me know if you have any comments.  Thanks for your help.   I talked further with Transwestern Counsel today concerning the issues and have the following points;  1.  FERC was made aware of the Compression Services arrangement with ECS (at that time via Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.) in the filings for the certification of the Kachina units.  FERC simply didn't ask any further questions in that proceeding.  The Operation & Maintenance Agreements in place for the Kachina units essentially accomplishes the same things as the Operational Control Agreement in Gallup.  TW feels the O&M agreements would be adequate to answer any questions that possibly FERC might ask regarding this subject matter.  The Operational Control agreement was put into place in Gallup because it was thought to be easier to give FERC exactly what is was looking for rather than show them the Gallup O&M Agreement which might slow down the process at that time.  2.  There is no basis in FERC Regs or the NGA for FERC to impose any type of penalty or discontinue the Compression Service's due to TW's operation of Kachina without the Operational Control Agreement.  No regs or law address this situation.  Again this is tempered by the fact that FERC was made aware of the arrangement and didn't ask any questions and the O&M agreement is in place to accomplish control for TW.  3.  I also faxed you a copy of Section 19(c) of the NGA which indicates that the petition for rehearing does effect the status of the certificate. Construction is moving ahead and the anticipated start date is May 1.  I will forward the filing TW made wrt to the Operational Control Agreement as soon as I recieve it.  Let me know if you have any further questions (713) 853-3512. 
 Heather,  I talked further with Transwestern Counsel today concerning the issues and have the following points;  1.  FERC was made aware of the Compression Services arrangement with ECS in the filings for the certification of the Kachina units.  FERC simply didn't ask any further questions in that proceeding.  The Operation & Maintenance Agreements in place for the Kachina units essentially accomplishes the same tasks as the Operational Control Agreement in Gallup.  TW feels the O&M agreements would be adequate to address any concerns about TW's regulatory responsibility over the compressor facilities.  The Operational Control agreement was put into place in the Gallup Transaction because it was thought to be easier to give FERC exactly what is was looking for rather than provide them with the Gallup O&M Agreement which might unecessarily complicate the certification process at that time.  2.  There is no basis in FERC Regs or the NGA for FERC to impose any type of penalty or discontinue the Compression Service due to TW's operation of Kachina without the Operational Control Agreement.  No regs or law address this situation.  Again this is tempered by the fact that FERC was made aware of the arrangement and didn't ask any questions and the O&M agreement is in place to accomplish control for TW.  3.  I also faxed you a copy of Section 19(c) of the NGA which indicates that the petition for rehearing does not effect the status of the certificate. Construction is moving ahead and the targeted start date is May 1.  I will forward the filing TW made wrt to the Operational Control Agreement as soon as I recieve it.  Let me know if you have any further questions (713) 853-3512. 
 Attached are the following documents with slight changes and all the numbers input: 1.  Amendment to Compressor Services Agreement (Bloomfield) 2.  Amendment to Compressor Services Agreement (Bisti) 3.  Amendment to Operation and Maintenance Agreement (Bloomfield) 4.  Amendment to Operation and Maintenance Agreement (Bisti)  Please disregard the previous versions and focus on these.   Also attached are two side letter agreements which specify the net book value for the Compressor Motor Buyout provisions (in the event of termination) under the Compressor Services Agreements 5.  Net Book Value Letter for Bloomfield 6.  Net Book Value Letter for Bisti  Again,  the plan is to have ECT and TW execute these documents and then assign all of these along with the agreements they amend and the power contracts to the ECS Compression Company, L.L.C.  Your timely review will be appreciated. 
 Attached is the letter under which TW approved the Power Purchase Agreement. I will forward an executed copy as well. 
 Please review the attached.  I am still waiting on an answer from Davis concerning Section 3.2.  It may need to be tweaked a little more. 
 Hi Katie,  I am feeling good about status of the deals!  Looks like we should close next Wednesday.  So as it stands now, I don't think I will have to work this weekend.  Of course now that I just said that, it almost positive that something will come up.  Hmmm,  Actually work might not be such a bad thing as my alternative is helping my roommate pack his stuff up for his move to North Carolina.  Have a great weekend! Talk to you soon.  Gerald 
 In the spirit of your previous email, check this one out. 
 Susan,  Attached is the amendment we discussed.  We would like to execute this today.  Mark indicated that Steve would sign today if everything looks OK.  Thanks for your help, Susan. 
 John,  Good to hear from you.  Things are going fine.  There aren't really any parking garages close to the ballpark and getting near the ballpark on an open lot will be damn near impossible.  I believe metro will be running a shuttle from open lots in downtown which are probably about 10 blocks away from the park.  There are several of these lots around the Enron building and Smith and Lousiana St.  Might be worth checking the either the Metro web site or the Enron Field web site to get exact details on the Shuttle routes.  I believe the shuttle will drop off directly in front of the park.  I received the Nemec Family Reunion flyer recently.  Looks like your whole family got drafted into service this year.  I guess thats a danger of showing up at those things.  Take care and we'll talk to you later. 
 Thanks,  That does the trick. 
 Attached for review is the Confirmation (under existing Enfolio Master Firm Purchase Agreement between ECS and ECC) for the gas received by ECC from TW pursuant to the Gas Conversion Agreement. 
 I haven't heard anything about the status of those recruits, except that it sounds like Alfio Randall will be a partial qualifier.  This isn't great since we need OL for depth this year. 
 Attached is the form of Amendment to the Gas Conversion Agreement that was executed by TW on Friday.  The Amendment does the following:  1.  Shifts gas flow delivery to commence upon the Start Date instead of the 2 month lag. 2.  Deems the Start Date for all operational documents with TW to be May 1, 2000 regardless of when physical start up occurs.  Please contact me at (713) 853-3512 with any questions. 
 Attached are Exhibits A to both the Operation and Maintenance Agreement and the Contribution and Assignment Agreement - Description of the Assets    The descriptions of the Assets are duplicate on both Exhibits. 
 Attached is the Gas Purchase Agreement between Enron Compression Services Company and Enron North America Corp.  This backs the gas deal between ECS and ECC, LLC.  The pricing and terms are identical.  Note:  In the Kachina deal we used Enron Natural Gas Marketing instead of ENA for this gas deal.  After discussions with tax and accounting, there were no objections to using ENA in this deal.   Please review. 
 Ruppert,  Unfortunately it doesn't look like I am going to be able to make it due to work.  If things change I will let you know.  Happy Birthday!!! 
 Susan, Attached is a description of the Gallup Facilities which should be attached as Exhibit A to the Gallup O&M Agreement.  This was prepared from information forwarded by Enron Engineering & Construction Company.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks very much for your help and short turnaround on the amendments Friday. 
 Thanks for the phone message.  Glad you made it safely.   It was fun while it lasted.   I received your avalanche of Inside Texas reports.  I will spend the afternoon going through those.  Should make for a busy day.  Give me a call when you get settle and let me know how things are going. Have you told your parents you want airlines miles or points for name brand merchandise during your stay at the house?  Talk to you later and take care. 
 Janet,  This is the last correspondance I had regarding that confidentiality agreement.  Not sure if Bobby Gaspard has seen the draft yet or not.  Let me know what you need.  Thanks. 
 Kay,  Please see attached.  Thanks 
 Attached is a draft of the EPNG for your review and El Paso's.  Let me know when you want executables. 
 TUFCO has agreed to remove the exception to consequentials for breach of quality provisions.  They are preparing executables and will forward to HPL for execution.  Thanks for your help. 
 Hi Katie, How is my favorite Aggie?   Its been a hectic week so far.  This deal is scheduled to close Thursday morning and then a I catch a flight to Denver Thursday afternoon.  I have been putting the guys off in our Denver office for some time so I will be busy with them all day Friday and then a flight back to Houston on Saturday.  Denver is a cool town, so it should be fun on Friday night.  How is the research project going?  Any major breakthroughs in the health area.  Remember me when you win the Nobel Prize!  Gerald 
 Attached is a redlined Assignment and Contribution Agreement with changes requested by Bracewell & Patterson.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Eric,  Please take a stab at drafting the interconnect agreement.  This is Mary Jo's deal. 
 Steve,  Those were CPS's suggested changes, not mine.  I agree.  I don't know what they want for Section 6 and Jim has agreed to get with CPS to get further definition.  I also recommend pulling the language inserted in Section 3 as Jim indicated we have already submitted all the estimates.  The Bexar county venue is unacceptable and will be stricken.  David Marshall is reviewing the insurance section and should have an answer today. 
 Hi Katie,  So far so good.  Busy but moving forward.  It will be interesting to see if I catch my flight or if I have to delay it some.  Denver should be nice.  I was watching the weather channel and it appears that it will be pretty cold up there.  I saw something about lows in the 10-20s.  Yikes! You're right though. I enjoy traveling every once in a while for a change of pace.  The guys I work with up there are fun, so that makes the work go alot easier.  Take care and talk to you later. Gerald 
 Sometimes the media gets it right. 
 Hi Katie,  Yes I am back in town.  Sorry I wasn't able to return your email yesterday.  It has just been crazy around here and I am leaving for San Antonio tommorrow and will be out the rest of the week for the Enron Legal Conference.  It is going to be at La Cantera on the northwest side of SA. The place sounds pretty relaxing, so it should be fun.  Back in Houston Friday late.  Yea Denver was nice.  Slight delay in the flight, but not due to weather. Just the usual airline misadventures.  It was snowing pretty hard when I arrived.  Kinda nice to be around some actual cold weather for a change. Worked all day Friday and stayed with some friends Sat. night.    Wish I had time to go up to the mountains for skiing.  So your not big on skiing huh? The first time I went I hated it, but as you get better it really becomes a lot of fun.  Last time I went (last March) I tried snowboarding.  It was a lot of work to learn a new snow sport.  It was cool after I got the hang of it, except for dislocating my shoulder.  Ouch!  Sounds like ya'll had a good time at Northgate.  I hate it when friends take you out and get you drunk.  That seems to happen to me occasionally.  OK more than occasionally.  This time change does make for a rough week.  I didn't wake up until 8:00 am for work on Monday.  Just a little later for work than usual.  Coming into Houston anytime soon?  If you get a chance, I'd really like to take you to dinner sometime.  Take care.  Bye!  Gerald 
 I will revise the documents to reflect Flagstaff and the items we discussed at the meeting previously.  Kevin's email indicates he wants to remove the language concerning a party obligations to refund the costs of the interconnect paid for by that party, if the other party is unable to maintain their pressure obligations.  Does this need to stay or be removed?  If this needs to stay, should someone tell Kevin that it will remain in the agreement ? 
 Jim,  It is in the attached string of emails.  The 5th one down. 
 >> > Subject: 1999 Survival Guide for Taking a Dump at Work >> > >> > We've all been there but don't like to admit it. We've all kicked >> > back in our >> > cubicles and suddenly felt something a brew down below. As much as we >> > try to convince ourselves who hate pooping at work as much as I do, I give you the........... >> > >> > 1999 Survival Guide for Taking a Dump at Work. >> > >> > Memorize these definitions and pooping at work will become a pure >> > pleasure. >> > >> > ESCAPEE >> > Definition: A fart that slips out while taking a leak at the urinal or >> > forcing >> > poop in a stall.  This is usually accompanied by a sudden wave of >> > panic/embarrassment.  This is similar to the hot flash you receive >> > when passing >> > an unseen police car and speeding.  If you release an escapee, do not >> > acknowledge it.  Pretend it did not happen.  If you are standing next >> > to the >> > farter at the urinal, pretend that you did not hear it.  No one likes >> > an >> > escapee, it is uncomfortable for all involved.  Making a joke or >> > laughing makes >> > both parties feel uneasy. >> > >> > JAILBREAK (Used in conjunction with escapee) >> > Definition: When forcing poop, several farts slip out at a machine >> > guns pace. >> > This is usually a side effect of diarrhea or a hangover. If this >> > should happen >> > do not panic, remain in the stall until everyone has left the bathroom >> > so to >> > spare everyone the awkwardness of what just occurred. >> > >> > COURTESY FLUSH >> > Definition: The act of flushing the toilet the instant the nose cone >> > of the poop >> > log hits the water and the poop is whisked away to an undisclosed >> > location. >> > This reduces the amount of air time the poop has to stink up the >> > bathroom.  This >> > can help you avoid being caught doing the WALK OF SHAME. >> > >> > WALK OF SHAME >> > Definition: Walking from the stall, to the sink, to the door after you >> > have just >> > stunk-up the bathroom.  This can be a very uncomfortable moment if >> > someone walks >> > in.  As with all farts, it is best to pretend that the smell does not >> > exist. >> > >> > OUT OF THE CLOSET POOPER >> > Definition: A colleague who poops at work and is damn proud of it. >> > You will >> > often see an Out of the Closet Pooper enter the bathroom with a >> > newspaper or >> > magazine under their arm.  Always look around the office for the Out >> > of the >> > Closet pooper before entering the bathroom. >> > >> > THE POOPING FRIENDS NETWORK (PFN) >> > Definition:  A group of coworkers who band together to ensure >> > emergency pooping >> > goes off without incident.  This group can help you to monitor the >> > whereabouts >> > of OUT OF THE CLOSET POOPERS and identify SAFE HAVENS. >> > >> > SAFE HAVEN >> > Definition:   A seldom used bathroom somewhere in the building where >> > you can >> > least expect visitors.  Try floors that are predominantly of the >> > opposite sex. >> > This will reduce the odds of a pooper of your sex  entering the >> > bathroom. >> > >> > TURD BURGLAR >> > Definition: A pooper who does not realize that you are in the stall >> > and tries to >> > force the door open.  This is one of the most shocking and vulnerable >> > moments >> > that occur when work taking a dump at work.  If this occurs, remain in >> > the stall >> > until the TURD BURG leaves.  This way you will avoid all >> > uncomfortable eye contact. >> > >> > CAMO-COUGH >> > Definition: A phony cough which alerts all new entrants into the >> > bathroom that >> > you are in a stall.  This can be used to cover-up a WATERMELON or to >> > alert >> > potential TURD BURGLARS.  Very effective when used in conjunction with >> > an >> > ASTAIRE. >> > >> > ASTAIRE >> > Definition:  A subtle toe-tap that is used to alert potential TURD >> > BURGLARS that >> > you are occupying a stall.  This will remove all doubt that the stall >> > is >> > occupied.  If you hear an ASTAIRE, leave the bathroom immediately so >> > the pooper >> > can poop in peace. >> > >> > WATERMELON >> > Definition: A turd that creates a loud splash when hitting the toilet >> > water. >> > This is also an embarrassing incident.  If you feel a WATERMELON >> > coming on, >> > create a diversion.  See CAMO-COUGH. >> > >> > HAVANA OMELET >> > Definition:  A load of diarrhea that creates a series of loud splashes >> > in the >> > toilet water.  Often accompanied by an escapee.  Try using a >> > CAMO-COUGH with an >> > ASTAIRE. >> > >> > UNCLE TED >> > Definition:  A bathroom user who seems to linger around forever. >> > Could spend >> > extended lengths of time in front of the mirror or sitting on the pot. >> > An UNCLE >> > TED makes it difficult to relax while on the crapper, as you should >> > always wait >> > to drop your load when the bathroom is empty.  This  benefits you as >> > well as the >> > other bathroom attendees. >> > >> > FLY BY >> > Definition: The act of scouting out a bathroom before pooping.  Walk >> > in, check >> > for other poopers.  If there are others in the bathroom, leave and >> > come back >> > again.  Be careful not to become a FREQUENT FLYER.  People may become >> > suspicious >> > if they catch you constantly going into the bathroom. >> > >> > CRACK WHORE >> > Definition: A crapper that has seen more ass than a Greyhound Bus. >> > Tell tale >> > signs of a CRACK WHORE include pubes, piss stains and shit streaks. >> > Avoid a >> > CRACK WHORES at all cost.  Try finding out when the janitor cleans >> > each >> > particular bathroom.  Don't forget, a CRACK WHORE can become a SAFE >> > HAVEN. 
 Attached for review are the clean and redlined versions of the new Field Services and Gas Purchase Agreements.  Also attached is a Termination agreement which terminates the existing agreements with Kennedy.  Please review.  Dan,  Please make sure the Purchase Agreement pricing is accurate. Independant will follow tommorrow. 
 Attached is the amendment to the field services agreement and a new construction agreement for the incremental collection facilities.  Independant needs to prepare Exhibit A to the construction agreement.  This is a description of the facilities to be constructed.  The construction agreement is the exact form which was executed for the initial Collection Facilities.  Please review and if everthing looks acceptable, please forward to Independant. 
 Kay,  Please see attached. 
 Attached are the draft Confidentiality Agreements for the Colonial Pipeline Projects.  Please note the following:  1.  Need address, contact, full legal name information for Flowserve. 2.  Please review the scope (1st Paragraph) for both agreements.  Need to make sure I not giving the parties to little or too much information concerning  each others roles in this project. 3.  The Flowserve CA is unilateral.  Only binds Flowserve to protect info we give them.  Please review and let me know if you have any comments or questions. 
 Here they are. 
 11:30 Sounds fine.  Meet you downstairs. 
 Bruce,  How is it going?  Are you still having problems working in your room?  Its like psssst, I am out.  I have a couple of letters at the house for you.  I can forward wherever you like.  Things are going fine for me.  I cry myself to sleep every night screaming out Bruce, Bruce why did you leave me?  Drop me a line and let me know how it is going.  Also do you have Tristan's phone number?  Wanted to give him a call and see if he wanted to grab some beers now and then. 
 Attached are the revised agreements based on our discussion prior.  Please review and if everything  looks good, I will prepare executables for MidCon. Please note the following revisions:  1.  Midcon installs, owns, and operates the Deer Park Interconnect. 2.  HPL installs, owns, and operates the Flagstaff Interconnect. 3.  If the pressures committments are violated in accordance with the terms, the violating party pays the others cost incurred at that interconnect. 4.  Each Party still entitled to 1/2 capacity at each interconnect.    Please call if you have any questions.  x-33512. 
 Patti,   Hope everthing finds you well.  Just wanted to check if you had executed the interest rate swap and returned the documents yet.  Trying to clean up and prepare a binder of all documents.  Thanks. 
 John,  Attached are the case historys for the two cases.  Note:  Followed - means the court followed the holding in the case cited Dissenting Opinion - means the dissenting justices referenced the case only (not really relevant) Distinguished - court didn't follow the holding of the case or simply found that the facts of the two cases were different.  Hope this helps. 
 Carol,  I am interested in joining in on a group gift.  Let me know what you need. 
 Tom, I would like to attend lunch.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I put in a call this morning to discuss.  Left a voicemail.  I will let you know what develops.  Thanks. 
 Attached is the form of confidentiality agreement for the Colonial project. Per Mark Knippa's request I am forwarding for your review. 
 Hi Katie, That email was pretty true.  School can be extremely stressful in short periods (around finals) but overall compared to work it was really a pretty easy lifestyle.  How are thing's going for you with school?  Sounded like this month was going to be a busy one.  The good thing about school is that there is a definite ending point with a break between. It has calmed down some around here.  Focusing on things that I had dropped during the end of quarter stretch.  I bought a new guitar yesterday.  My friend Eric and I had our eye on this black Fernandes model for some time and yesterday we decided to go for it.  I am still in the learning stages of playing but it won't be too long before fame and stardom are at my disposal. Well maybe a little longer than that.  Playing is really fun and a good stress reliever though.  Hope everthing is going well for you.  Take care, Gerald 
 Kay, Please review the attached. 
 What's going on Tree?  Bruce forwarded me your email address, probably against your wishes.  Just thought I'd drop a line and see if your up for beers sometime this weekend.  I know its tough to fit anytime in between those dates with the lovely fake breasted super models, but let's try and hook up sometime. 
 Per Jaime Ginsberg's request I am forward our form of Confidentiality Agreement for your review. 
 Per Jaime Ginsberg's request, I am forwarding our form of Confidentiality Agreement for your review. 
 Clement,  Attached is a form of guaranty by Enron Corp. for ECS Compression Services Company, LLC.  (ECC).  ECC is owned approximately 9% by Enron Compression Services Company (a 100% owned ENA subsidiary).  The form has been reviewed by Continental Divide Electric Cooperative, Inc. (the Counterparty) and they are OK with it.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions.  If everything looks good, please obtain execution.  Thanks for your help. 
 Mike.  Generally the language is fine, but I tweaked to make sure it is clearer.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 FYI.  Here is the email from La Joie du Vin concerning other wine appreciation groups. 
 Kay,  Could you please send me a copy of the CA.  Thanks. 
 The construction agreement with the date information we discussed. 
 Sounds like you are running and gunning.  I know how those times feel.  Seems like it is never going to end.   You have been through it enough times to know that it always does.  I don't think there is any feeling like turning in that last paper or walking out of that last final at the end of a semester. Feels like a huge weight is lifted off your shoulders.  After that comes lifting the huge mug filled with beer.  Hang in there. Gerald 
 I lost the information concerning fly fishing you left on my voice mail. Could you be so kind as to resend via email.  I am thinking of just taking a poll to see what everyone's interest are.  I personally am thinking Mountain Biking sounds like great fun and a super way to endanger my life.  Drop me a note when you get a chance.  Also what is the schedule for the get together on Sat. 
 Bruce,  Attached is an article I found in the Houston Chronicle business section yesterday.  Has a negative outlook, but mostly related to product supply B2Bs.    You probably are familiar with most of the B2Bs they mention.  Thought might be useful to you.  Good talking to you yesterday. The check better arrive this week or I start breaking your stuff one piece at a time. 
 Attached is the master form with the quality language revised.  Please use this form from this point forward. 
 Hi Wayne,  Thanks for the email.  Things are going fine here in Houston. Unfortunately this weekend is going to be a bad one for me.  I have to work Friday and have plans already for Saturday.  Some other time would probably work better.  Let me know what your schedule looks like and we can work something out.  Hope things are going well for you in Austin.  Drop me a line when you get a chance.  Gerald 
 Please review the attached and lets discuss. 
 Katie,  Glad I cheered you up.  Believe me, I can relate.  I could tell you horror stories about when I was studying for the bar exam.  I'll save those for some other time.  Hope all is going well and moving forward.  What always kept me going was the idea that in a few days or a week it would all be over and I wanted to be able to look back and feel that I had given the best effort I could.  That's all you can do.  It is typically more than enough to do very well in grades. I will quit preaching now and let you get back to work.  No big plans for the Easter Weekend.  Will be here in Houston.  I actually have to work on Friday, but am thinking about taking a vacation day.  Sounds like you will probably be busy with school and family over your weekend in Katy, but give me a call if you feel like it.  Maybe we can do something fun.  "This too shall come to pass" - Famous quote by some dead guy.  Gerald 
 Here they are.  Please review. 
 I recieved the interconnect agreements (executed by Southern Union) this morning.  Attached is the form of interconnect agreement that was executed by Southern Union.  I will forward to Steve Schneider for execution on behalf of HPL.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Jim,  Forgot to mention in the note, that we will need the drawing for Exhibit A to be attached to the agreement.  Thanks. 
 Oops.  I just found the drawing you had already sent me.  Sorry. 
 Ron,  Couple of comments. 1.  Enitity Name - You noted that Trailblazer is a limited partnership.  The name should designate limited partnership in some form (e.g. Trailblazer Pipeline  Company, L.P.)  Also for an LP the General Partner will need to sign to make it binding.  The signature block should read as follows:  Trailblazer Pipeline Company, L.P. by its General Partner, _________________________  2.  The limitation on consequential damages limits any remedy under this agreement.  The only types of damages in a situation like this is really consequential.  I think it would benefit both parties to leave this limitation out of the agreement.  If you would like to discuss these issues, please contact me at (713) 853-3512.  Thank You. 
 For your files.  I sent the executables to Lauri Allen. 
 Becky,  Not sure if anyone in Denver is on the distribution list.  If not Scott Sitter in Denver probably needs a copy of these docs.  Might want to check with him and see if anyone else in Denver needs a copy.      Enron North America Corp. 
 Mom,  Could you send me a list of eveyone's email address.  What to take a poll on activities in Estes that everyone might be interested in.  I am doing fine.  Hope you guys are doing well. 
 Clement,  I had sent you a draft of a guaranty by Enron Corp. for ECS Compression Company, L.L.C. earlier.  Have you had a chance to review and obtain execution yet.  Please let me know the status.  Thanks for your help 
 Attached is Ron's email and my response to him. 
 Attached are the revised O&M Agreement Amendments with the new fee structure. 
 Fax number is (713) 646-3490. 
 Attached for your review and discussion at the transport review meeting this Thursday are the following:  1.  Revised Goals for Interruptible Contract Revision Process 2.  Flow Chart of Current Interruptible Transport documentation Process  These items will be revised as we work through the processs. 
 Brad,  Attached is your form of lease with my comments incorporated.  Please note that I have added Mariner Energy, Inc. as a Party to the agreement since Mariner is performing all operations and maintenance for the facilities owned by MEGS.  Please note the Mariner also will need to review and comment on  this document and I am forwarding it to them concurrently.  Please contact me at (713) 853-3512 with questions. 
 Greg,  Attached is the document we discussed.  Please review.  Mariner is a party to this agreement since Mariner is performing all operations and maintence functions for the MEGS assets and this is consistent with the Operation and Maintance Agreement between Mariner and MEGS.  Please call me at (713) 853-3512 with questions. 
 FYI 
 Hi Katie,  How are you doing?  Did you survive all your projects and presentations?  Haven't heard from you in a while and just wanted to see if you made it through.  Hope everything is going OK.  Gerald 
 FYI.  I think there was a temp here the day I sent this letter out. 
 The change order #4 for the compression was Fedexed to Ralph Townsend today. I am holding Change Order #5 the Dew Point Plant until we have the specifications.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Per your request.  Enjoy. 
 Sorry,  Sent you the wrong one last time.  I will try it again 
 Lost my number eh?   A likely story.  Just kidding.  Sounds like you were pretty busy with family.  I had a pretty good Easter as well.  Mostly just hung out with friends and enjoyed the weather.  Of course I worked in a little jam session with my friends.  The week is going pretty well.  Been in a lot of meetings and those just suck up the time.  I am leaving today at lunch to go to Enron Field.  The Cubs are in town and it is an afternoon game.  Should be fun.  The Astros really stink this year but the field is pretty awesome.  I am not a huge baseball fan and but outdoor baseball in Houston is pretty cool.  Good luck on the remainder of your schoolwork.  My numbers are:  (713) 942-8066 Home (713) 853-3512 Work (281) 772-9250 Cell  Take care, Gerald 
 Attached is the summary of ENA's take obligations under all the purchase agreements to date in the Powder River Basin.  Please call to discuss.  Sorry for the delay. 
 FYI,  Forgot to cc you. 
 Attached is a revised set of goals based on our meeting this past week.  As before, please let me know if you have any comments or additions. 
 You will be copied.  Thanks for the reminder. 
 Roger,  Attached is the form we discussed. 
 Andy,  Attached is the complete contract.    Hope things are going well for you.  We should have lunch some time.  Have any availability next week? 
 Cris,  For the sake of completeness, attached is the form of gas purchase agreement and confirm with the $10 million prepayment between ECC and ECS. The pricing has not been input yet.  The gas purchase agreement between ECS and ECT would be a mirror of this one. 
 Andy,  Attached is the complete contract.    Hope things are going well for you.  We should have lunch some time.  Have any availability next week? 
 Mark,    I received your fax concerning the season tickets.  Thanks for quick response.  I thought given the short time frame I would just email with my information.  If I could get 2 season tickets in my name on the East Side Lower Deck toward the Neuhaus Athletic Center, that would be my preference.  Lisa, indicated you wouldn't be able to know what seats might be available until you got all the responses back.  If you could email with the seats you have available prior to charging my credit card, I would greatly appreciate it.  If the only seats you have would be worse than about the 15 yard line in the area I mentioned above, I have a friend who is a Longhorn Foundation member with 6 tickets in that area at about the 15 yard line.  His name is Patrick McDonald.  If possible that I could attach 2 more season tickets to his without affecting the location of his seats, that would be great also.  I don't need OU tix.  My credit card number is 4305 7216 5689 6359  Expires 2/28/02  Visa.  If you really need the form filled out, just let me know and I will forward it.  Thanks for your help. 
 Why am I being used as a bargaining piece in this saga?  The thing that really scares me, is if I show up I am sure I will be selected to be on next years Family Reunion Committee.  Hmmm.  Okay, I guess I can make the sacrifice.  I believe I will have a 3 day weekend at that time.  Should work out.  I think the cocktail party on June 23 will work out.  I have got a lot of things going on right now that would make it tough to get away right now for the 13th.  Talked to Mom about the flyfishing.  Sounds like they aren't sure what they really want to do.  They are supposed to get back to me.  You know Mom, avoid the things that intimidate you.  Anyway,  hope everything is going well for you and with the wedding plans. Talk to you later. 
 Attached is a draft of the turnkey construction contract for your review.  Ron,  As we discussed, Exhibit A - Scope of Work will need to be included. Please note the following points:  1.  Liquidated Damages - Need to assess a value for these damages. 2.  Force Majeure - This would currently provide EE&CC with relief from the In-Service Date requirements and consequently, the LDs.  Is this acceptable? 3.  Permitting - Need to specify in Exhibit F, those permits that ENA would secure, and make EE&CC responsible for any others. 4.  Utility Coordination - Currently this is very generally.  Are there specific responsibilities that should be stated in this Agreement wrt the Utility?  Please review with these in mind.  I will be out tommorrow and Friday.  Let's plan on meeting Monday to discuss the draft. 
 Are you moving floors or just moving around on 31?  I don't want a lump of coal from you at Christmas. 
 Katie,  Are you still out there?  I tried to email you a couple of times last week, but they wouldn't go through for some reason. 
 fyi 
 Thanks for your help. 
 I am doing good.  I was out for 4 days (Thurs, Fri, Sat, Sun) of last week. Just got back from Mexico.  Playa del Carmen, which is about 45 minutes south of Cancun.    Sun, beach, drinks, party and scuba (Not necessarily in that order).  It doesn't get any better than that.  Had a great time.  Congrats on 23!  Yes, you are still very young and don't let anybody tell you otherwise.  When you join the business world, you will be fighting the image that you are too young to be taken seriously.  Dunk the ring tradition?  You have peaked my curiosity!  You will have to give me the full rundown on exactly how wild that tradition is.  Are you moving back to Katy for the summer?  What are your plans?  School, work, etc.  Take care and talk to you later.  Gerald, 
 Elizabeth,  The Duns number for Enron Compression Services Company is 072773547.   I will be completing the Agency Agreement this afternoon and will forward to you.  Also I faxed the corporate data sheet for the company to you yesterday.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks for your help. 
 Mark,  Attached is the supplement to the Gas Letter for your review.  Do you have Patti's email.  We need to forward this for her review as well. 
 Patti, Attached for your review is a draft supplement to the Gas Price Letter which increases the gas that TW delivers to the LLC by 2585 mmbtu per month.  We need to move forward and have TW execute ASAP to capture existing gas pricing, therefore I am only forwarding this document for your review at this time.  There will be more to follow.  Please contact myself at (713) 853-3512 or Mark Knippa at (713) 853-3463 with any questions.  Thank You. 
 Cynthia,  Sorry about the way I left last night, but I needed to leave abruptly or I felt I would have lost it even more.  You are right.  This is a very difficult time in my life.  However, I want you to know that you are a very special person to me.  The more I get to know you the more I realize that we are very similar is so many ways and I think that is why we hit it off so well so very quickly.  I wish I could throw everything I have into a relationship with you, but right now there is just too much anger, mistrust, and hurt in my emotions to allow that.  All of these feelings result purely from a person I was so close with and trusted so dearly and who treated me worse than I could have imagined.  These feelings have nothing to do with you and I am sure you likely don't understand it all fully.  I am not sure I understand it fully.  I fear I am making a big mistake, because I know you won't be available long.  You have so much to offer, beautiful, intelligent, funny, and someone who can give as much to a relationship as you need from a relationship.  All of these qualities made it so very easy to be taken with you when we orginally met.  When I started sensing some of my destructive emotions, I freaked out  because I knew we were becoming very close and it pained me to realize that I would hurt you.  So I completely pulled back, thinking I should cut it now than risk making it harder in the future.  Believe me, it is not easy to stay away from you, because even though we have only known each other a short time, I miss you and think about you a lot.  It would be hard to still see you and know you were dating others because I know I would react strongly as you witnessed at Senor Frogs that night.  My kidding you about Lee, I will have to admit, also shows my insecurity about that.  Mexico was so wonderful, because (except for that one night) I was able to put all of those emotions out of my mind and just focus on you.  I think that is why we had such a great time.  Cynthia, when we were together on that trip, I felt a lightness that I haven't felt in a long time.  You looked so beautiful and sexy in that swimsuit by the bar, and it was all about us and nothing else.  I have been through it enough to know that reality of my situation creeps back eventually.  Cynthia you are such a great person and even just typing this note I feel like crying.  Sometimes fate is a wonderful thing and sometimes it feels like a cruel joke.  I think the timing of our meeting was ill fated.  I know we will talk to and see each other again but I know it will be different now. As much as I want to hold on to you, I know its stupid to attempt to keep you close and yet at some distance.  You have are too smart and have too much to offer to put up with that.  Please know that I do have genuine feelings for you and I miss you. Gerald 
 Susan, Attached is the supplement to the gas letter which increases the amount of gas TW delivers to the LLC. Please review and let me know. 
 I am impressed!  Anybody who can drink a pitcher of beer that fast is OK in my book.  I hope you didn't operate any heavy machinery afterwards.  I guess you won't be at this email address for awhile.  Keep in touch and give me call if you get a chance when you settle down in Katy.  Bye! 
 Attached is the agreement with my changes and comments included.  I couldn't get it to redline for some reason.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Thanks for the info.     Mary Ogden 05/11/2000 02:20 PM 
 I am interested in becoming a member of the Foundation.  Gerald R. Nemec 1403 Banks Houston, Texas 77006  What else do you need from me to get the membership going and how fast can I set it up?  Thanks 
 Hi Katie,  Phone numbers are:  (713) 942-8066 Home (281) 772-9250 Cell Phone  Hope everything goes well with the move and UofH.  San Francisco is an awesome town.  Make sure you take some warm clothes as it does get chilly there year round.  I would live there in a heartbeat if it didn't cost a small fortune to do so.  I especially love going up to Napa.  Napa is so beautiful and relaxing and the free wine tastings make for a good time also.  Have fun and talk to you later Gerald      Katie McMahon <katie99@tamu.edu> 05/11/2000 04:09 PM 
 Attached for are the confirms to be added to the Gallup Enfolio Agreement for the incremental volumes to be delivered by TW to the LLC.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Thanks for the quick turnaround! 
 Here it is.       dedeutsch@duke-energy.com      Janel Guerrero@ENRON 05/12/2000 12:52 PM 
 Ken,  Can you email me the particulars on Ted so we can put a consulting agreement into place with him.  I need the following information:  Full Name Address Pay rate (Hourly/Daily+Expenses?)  I think that's all for now.  Thanks. 
 Susan,  Attached is the letter with slight revisions I mentioned on your phone mail.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached is my changes redlined against your latest version. 
 Mark,  I joined the foundation today and should be in the system.  Let me know if there is anything else you need.  Thanks for your help. Gerald Nemec 
 Movie sounds pretty cool.  When is the official release date?      Eric Gillaspie 05/15/2000 01:40 PM 
 Pat,  Could you please print the attached docs for me and also save them in my directory under the Generation Barges folder.  Thanks. 
 I will get something to you within the next couple of days.  Should be a straightforward letter agreement.  Eric,  Let's discuss in the morning.      Candace L Bywaters 05/16/2000 08:41 AM 
 Big 12 leads recruiting charge ?      ?	By Bill Hodge FANSonly.com  Dominating the 1999-2000 college basketball recruiting season, the Big 12 has five teams in the top 15 men's classes following the late signing period.      Search for signings  The spring signing period ran from April 12 to May 15. Use FANSonly.com's databases to find all the signings for your favorite school. Men's database search Women's database search.  Oklahoma, Oklahoma State, Texas, Missouri and Iowa State all had outstanding recruiting campaigns. Overall results are pending as signed scholarships continue to arrive following the final signing day on May 15. Financial aid agreements (binding schools, but not athletes) may still be signed. Eligibility problems are common and will affect final rankings as well. Iowa, Indiana and Michigan State head up the top of the Big Ten, while Connecticut, Seton Hall and St. John's collected impressive classes in the Big East. North Carolina headed the ACC and Cincinnati topped Conference-USA, while Memphis, under new head coach John Calipari, finished strong. Alabama leads the SEC. If you're looking for pure size, 7-foot-6 center Neil Fingleton, a native of England who attended Worchester-Holy Name Central Catholic, Mass., signed with North Carolina. Curtis Johnson, a 7-4 center from Norfolk-Ryan Academy, Va., is set for St. John's. However, neither will play early roles. 1. Connecticut F Caron Butler,6-7, Pittsfield-Maine Central Institute, Maine G Taliek Brown, 6-1, Astoria-St. John's Prep, N.Y. F Scott Hazelton, 6-8, Lawrence-Central Catholic, Mass. F Johnnie Selvie, 6-7, Flint, Mich/Southeastern CC, Iowa G Robert Swain, 6-4, College Park-Tri-Cities, Ga. The Huskies have an outstanding class, adding a top junior college player in Selvie, plus Swain during the spring. Coach Jim Calhoun had to worry about signing Butler, the top prep school prospect in the nation, at the last minute over UNLV. Brown and Hazelton are both McDonald's All-Americans and potential stars, but all attempts by the UConn staff of signing a big man failed. Brown is physical and a scorer. Hazleton is a smooth wing player. 2. Seton Hall F Eddie Griffin, 6-8, Philadelphia-Roman Catholic, Pa. G Andre Barrett, 5-8, Manhattan-Rice, N.Y. G Marcus Toney-El, 6-6, West Orange-Seton Hall Prep, N.J. F Damion Fray, 6-8, Huntington Station-Whitman, N.Y. Coach Tommy Amaker has this program on the way up and added three Top 50 players in Griffin (considered by many as the top prospect in nation), Barrett and Toney-El. All three should step into the starting lineup or find extensive playing time off the bench. 3. Oklahoma F James Wright, 6-6, Winchendon School, Mass. F Johnnie Gilbert, 6-7, Minneapolis-Patrick Henry, Minn. F Aaron McGhee, 6-8, Vincenness JC, Ind. F Daryan Selvy, 6-6, Carl Albert JC, Okla. C Ronnie Griffin, 6-9, Tallahassee CC, Fla. G Blake Johnston, 6-1, Midland, Texas F Joszef Szendrei, 6-9, Northeastern JC, Colo. Coach Kelvin Sampson landed athletes who can run and rebound with power. McGhee and Selvy are first-team junior college All-American forwards and both Griffin and Szendrei are very strong inside. Wright and Gilbert were highly rated preps. 4. Oklahoma State F David Anderson, 6-8, Hargrave Military Academy, Va. G/F Terrence Crawford, 6-6, Oklahoma City-Bishop McGuinness, Okla. G Ellis Kidd, 6-5, Dallas-Madison, Texas C Jack Marlow, 6-11, Tulsa-Union, Okla. F Ivan McFarlin, 6-7, Sugar Land-Willowridge, Texas G Maurice Baker, 6-1, Dixie JC, Utah G Melvin Sanders, 6-5, Seward CC, Kan. Coach Eddie Sutton is very high on Sanders, McFarlin and Crawford. Marlow weighs 285 pounds. Kidd can light it up and Anderson is very quick for 6-8. Baker and Sanders were Spring additions and can score. 5. Iowa C Jared Reiner, 6-11, Tripp-Delmont, S.D. F Glen Worley, 6-8, Iowa City-West, Iowa G Brody Boyd, 5-10, Dugger-Union, Ind. F Courtney Scott, 6-6, Lansing-Waverly, Mich. F Sean Sonderleiter, 6-9, Des Moines-Christian, Iowa F Reggie Evans, 6-8, Pensacola-Woodham, Fla/Coffeyville CC, Kan. Guard Luke Recker and guard Ryan Hogan, both redshirt transfers, also join the Hawkeyes. This is one of the top Hawkeye classes ever, as coach Steve Alford signed a highly rated center in Reiner (who passed on UConn and Kansas), a top forward in Worley and an unbelievable shooter in Boyd. Evans is considered a top junior college prospect at power forward and Hogan played at Kentucky before transferring. The huge prize is Recker, who transferred to Arizona from Indiana and then moved to Iowa in order to be nearer his family and girlfriend, who was seriously injured in a car accident. After an appeal, the NCAA allowed eligibility this fall. Recker averaged 16 points as a sophomore for the Hoosiers and was third-team all-Big Ten. The Hawkeyes already have a junior committment from one of the top guards in the nation, Pierre Pierce of Westmont, Ill. 6. St. John's G Omar Cook, 6-1, Middle Village-Christ the King, N.Y. F Kyle Cuffe, 6-8, Manhattan-Rice, N.Y. C Mohammed Diakite, 6-11, Rockville-Montrose Christian Academy, Md. G Willie Shaw, 6-6, Bronx-Stevenson, N.Y. C Curtis Johnson, 7-4, Norfolk-Ryan Academy, Va. Forward Alpha Bangura and center Abe Keita are coming off redshirt years, which makes coach Mike Jarvis' list of fresh faces even bigger. Jarvis had corralled a super class, perhaps best in the nation, but the key was F Darius Miles, 6-9, East St. Louis, Ill. A do-everything player generally rated among the top three prospects in the country, Miles turned to the NBA rather than attend St. John's. Without him, this group tumbles a few notches from their No. 1 ranking after the early signing period. Cook is dynamic and Diakite could the Red Storm's best center in years. Both have great basketball bodies and athleticism. Johnson was a late addition and is considered a project. F Eric King, 6-7, Brooklyn-Lincoln, NY., had entrance problems. 7. Cincinnati F Jamaal Davis, 6-8, Purdue/Barton County CC, Kan. F Rod Flowers, 6-8, Huntsville, Ala. G Field Williams, 6-3, Houston-Waltrip, Texas F Antwan Jones, 6-8, Tallahassee CC, Fla. G Immanuel McElroy, 6-4, Tyler JC, Tex. Reloading, the Bearcats have a great class with junior college standouts Jones, McElroy and Davis. Davis played at Purdue before transferring. Flowers and Williams are promising. National-quality guard/forward Jerome Harper of Columbia, S.C., had his letter withdrawn due to off-court/entrance problems and will attend junior college. 8. Texas G/F Brandon Mouton, 6-5, Lafayette-St. Thomas More, La. C/F Brian Boddicker, 6-9, Duncanville, Texas C Jason Klotz, 6-11, Houston-Klein Forest, Texas F James Thomas, 6-8, Hargrave Military Academy, Va. G Fredie Williams, 6-2, Mississippi Delta CC, Miss. G Royal Ivey, 6-3, Blairstown, N.J. This group, powered by big men wanting to play for coach Rick Barnes, is one of the nation's best. Thomas is tough and Boddicker was rated the best propect in the state. Both should get playing time with the departure of center Chris Mihm to the NBA. Purdue wanted Mouton badly, as he is a major offensive threat. Other keys are Ivey, Williams and Klotz. 9. Indiana F Jared Jeffries, 6-10, Bloomington-North, Ind. F/G A.J. Moye, 6-5, Atlanta-Westlake, Ga. G Andre Owens, 6-3, Indianapolis-Meridian, Ind. F Mike Roberts, 6-8, New Hampton-Prep, N.H. Coach Bob Knight and the Hoosiers shocked Duke by signing Jeffries, one of the best forwards in the nation, and all four prospects are top quality. Moye is a physical player and suited for the Big Ten wars, and Owens and Roberts are very tough. Jeffries, a huge believer in Knight, threatened to transfer if the veteran coach had been fired. 10. Michigan State G Marcus Taylor, 6-3, Lansing-Waverly, Mich. F Zach Randolph, 6-8, Marion, Ind. Spartan followers can't complain about a class with the top guard and center/forward in the nation. Higher-rated schools just had more prospects. Taylor is outstanding and should see time early. Randolph, still not qualified, is a widebody who dominated prep all-star play and could be the Spartans' best post player in recent years. 
 Please see the attached.  I am still trying to obtain the DOE reports for Canada from Juanita Marchand for Question #19 of the Pan Alberta.  Any help you could give me there would be greatly appreciated. 
 Brian,  Do you know how quick D&B would have data entered into this system? We need to move this as fast as possible. 
 Couple of Coca-colas? 
 Here are the revised responses with your suggested changes. 
 Attached are the reports to be attached for #20 of the Pan Alberta Request. Please note that there are  3 sheets in each files which report different volumes.  I also removed all pricing information from the reports.  One report for each quarter of 1999.   Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Becky,  Attached are the revised responses per your voice mail.  Let me know if you need anything else. 
 Bruce,  Attached is the information for the property settlement.  Sorry, it took so long.  I am still missing Lisa's vehicle VIN # and Loan information for that vehicle.  We can fill that in after we review the paperwork you have drafted.  Gerald's Car  VIN # - 4T1SK12E4PU288881  Loan on Gerald's Car Loan #1221609900 with USAA  House Description 1403 Banks Houston, TX 77006  House Loan Washington Mutual Loan # 7019479976  Stock Options to be transferred to Lisa from Gerald  626 Options at Grant Price of $15.25 per share  268 Options at Grant Price of $22.25 per share  Let me know if you need anything else.  I think we are ready to review the doc as soons as you get done.  Thanks. 
 Were you able to confirm that they received our Fedex?      Rebecca W Cantrell 05/22/2000 12:23 PM 
 Bruce,  Attached is the information for the property settlement.  Sorry, it took so long.  I am still missing Lisa's vehicle VIN # and Loan information for that vehicle.  We can fill that in after we review the paperwork you have drafted.  Gerald's Car  VIN # - 4T1SK12E4PU288881  Loan on Gerald's Car Loan #1221609900 with USAA  House Description 1403 Banks Houston, TX 77006  House Loan Washington Mutual Loan # 7019479976  Stock Options to be transferred to Lisa from Gerald  626 Options at Grant Price of $15.25 per share  268 Options at Grant Price of $22.25 per share  Let me know if you need anything else.  I think we are ready to review the doc as soons as you get done.  Thanks. 
 Chris,  My comments are as follows:  1.    The term (Article 4) was revised from the previous draft (month to month) to now being a definitive term with no evergreen provision.  Is this acceptable commerically?  Should we add an evergreen provision on to the end of the current definitive term?  2.  Section  9.9 - Doesn't give a time frame for this approval process. Hattiesburg has no obligations under this agreement until this approval occurs.   What if it doesn't occur for 3 years?  Need either (i) ability to walk away from this agreement if not done by date certain, or (ii) assurances from   Hattiesburg that this is a short process or has already been accomplished.  3.  Definition 1.2 in the GTC of "day".  Does this day match the gas day for the interstate pipelines?  If not will this cause problems in scheduling.  4.  General Comment:  Does this interruptible agreement provide the level of service that this power plant will commercially   require?  Hattiesburg can interrupt service at any time at  its discretion and furthermore, never provide service under this   agreement by indicating to Caledonia that its storage capacity is full with other storage committments.  Does this work?      Chris Meyer 05/19/2000 12:49 PM 
 Ken,  Attached is the form of services agreement for Ted Huss.  In the interest of time, you can print out two executables for Ted's signature and then return to me for initialling for Brian's signature.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Let's talk about this one also when you get a chance. 
 Attached is the revised Schedule I to the Bisti Compression Services Agreement Amendment.  Please replace the existing Exhibit with this one.  If you have any questions, please call me at x-33512.  Thanks for your all help in getting these done timely. 
 GT,  How is it going brother?  Got that house finished yet?    Wanted to see if you were going to be in town for the Memorial Day weekend.  I was kicking around the idea of doing some tubing and maybe stopping by Austion for a night to chase some good looking Austin women.  Drop me a line. 
 Could you get with Candy on this and provide her what she needs.  Let me know if you need any help.  Thanks. 
 Mary,  Here is another one from Candy.  Might want to check with AEW to make sure she hasn't taken care of this already.  Thanks for your help. 
 I am trying to compare the CA1 doc with the CA doc.   Thanks for your help. 
 GT,  Congratulations on the engagement!  Hate to see a good man go down, but it happens to the best of us.  Sounds like things are going really well for you.  When is the wedding?  Sounds like there are a lot of wedding bells in the Townsend family these days.  With respect to the weekend; change of plans.  I will be staying in Houston this weekend.  However, the following weekend myself and the red-faced Eric and possibly his wife want to come to Austin to hang out.  Are you around that weekend and could you handle 3 people crashing at your place.  If its a problem let me know.    "Townsend, George" <gtownsend@manorisd.net> 05/24/2000 02:03 PM 
 Attached is a revised construction agreement (redlined version) incorporating the changes we discussed.  I have not changed either the liquidated damages or force majeure provisions at this point.  Ron, you indicated in your voice mail that you wanted to wait until things firmed up a bit more with respect to those provisions.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions.  Not sure if we should forward to EE&CC at this point yet, given the uncertainty on the two provisions.  What are your thoughts?  Thanks 
 Heidi,  I have reviewed the contracts and the amendments and the following is their status:  1.  Contract Number 96006959 (012-41991-02-004)  Amended April 1, 1999  Term:  Month to Month and may be terminated by either party with 10 days written notice prior to end of the month (But see rate section below)  Rate:  Agreement was amended on April 1, 1999 to put a flat rate of $0.085 for all receipts at Thompsonville (Meter #6351) through March 31,   2006 (This language would override the month to month term)  No other Points of Receipt are allowed under this contract.  Note:  Prior to the Amendment on April 1, 1999, the $0.01 fee escalator was still in effect for any volumes moved under this contract prior to the Amendment.  If the escalator wasn't assessed during that time, it should have been.  This escalator would have applied to all receipts and    fees on the original Exhibit A to the contract.  2.  Contract Number 96006966 (012-41991-02-003)  Amended April 1, 1999  Term:  In effect through March 31, 2006  Rate:  Those set forth on Exhibit A as amended on April1, 1999 for the terms set forth on Exhibit A.  Let me know if you have any questions concerning the above summary. 
 Brad,  Can you give me a status on where you are at with the review of the Lease Docs for the MEGS Facilities? I forward those documents about a month back.  Gerald Nemec Enron North America Corp. - Legal 
 Greg,  Have you had a chance to review this document yet?  Any comments? 
 Bruce,  The legal description for my house is as follows:  Lot 27 Ranch Estates, an addition in Harris County, Texas according to the map or plat thereof recorded in Volume 22, Page 68 of the Map Records of Harris County, Texas.  Thanks 
 Our risk manager has reviewed the insurance requirements.  His only comment concerned the Owner's/Contractor's Protective Liability Insurace requirement on the bottom of the first page of Exhibit E.  He thinks this is unnecessary as we have adequate coverage under the General Liability and Excess Umbrella Liability.  Since this cost is likely to be passed on to us, we should waive this insurance requirement.  Everything else is OK from our perspective.  Let me know if you need any further information or have any questions. 
 Here is the link to the Enchantment Resort.  http://www.arizonaguide.com/enchantment/ 
 Rude-Dog,  How is it going out there brother?  Been keeping your sanity while living at home?  Things here are about the same.  Talked to your boy Tree the other day.  He had some interesting new developments in his love life.  Of course they were sordid and made me somewhat uncomfortable.  Well sort of. Your furniture is still almost completely intact.  The longer you stay out there, the better my chances of picking up some furniture real cheap.  Haven't seen that much of Janel lately.  She went out to Florida this weekend to convince a gay guy that the opposite sex is not icky after all.   Should make for some interesting stories when she returns.   Drop me a note when you get a chance.  Talk at you later.  G$ 
 Check out the attached response from Marathon concerning our revisions.  I guess this is a new negotiation technique.  Just ignore the counterparty's concerns.  Let's discuss this before I call Brad back.  Thanks. 
 Richard,  The attached resume is from an attorney who is a friend of an Associate here at Enron.  I had worked with the Associate before but don't know his friend.  I told the Associate that I wasn't sure of our hiring needs, but that I would pass the resume along.  Barbara indicated you were our recruiting coordinator.  So here it is. 
 Lori,  Thanks for the diskettes.  The one disk did have the final version of the Agreements.  The other disk had earlier versions of the docs.   I will use the final versions to develop the amended and restated agreements. Should have drafts for BR's review later this week.  Do you want these diskettes returned?  I talked to Shonnie about any amendments to the LLC and Capacity Allocation Agreements, and she wasn't aware of any.  I don't think those 2 agreements were revised unless you have other information.  Let me know.  Thanks, Gerald     "Lori Marlatt" <lmarlatt@br-inc.com> 05/22/2000 02:32 PM Please respond to lmarlatt 
 Lauri,  Per my voicemail, the attached docs outline the elements for comparable shippers in the RailRoad Commissions eyes. 
 Richard,  I wouldn't worry about a letter.  It was a very informal submittal.  I will let my Associate friend know.  Thanks.    Richard B Sanders 05/31/2000 05:42 AM 
 I have reviewed your response and disagree with the characterization of our modification the documents. I would like to clarify our reasons for the modifications to avoid any further miscommunications.  MEGS' alteration of the documents do not impair the protections afforded to Marathon under the Production Handling Agreement.  Our modifications were simply intended to allocate certain risks between MEGS and Mariner with respect to Marathon (as operator of the South Pass 89 B Platform) as such risks were intended to be allocated by MEGS and Mariner.  Mariner's transfer of interest in the flowline to MEGS introduces a new party which Marathon can look to for certain obligations with respect to the platform.  The alterations do not remove Mariner from its current role as operator and maintainer of the flowline and owner of the hydrocarbons.  For these reasons, I would disagree with your response that the draft alterations do not provide the intended protections that Marathon would expect absent such a transfer to MEGS.  Mariner still shoulders these risks and expenses under the Production Handling Agreement.  Having MEGS fully ratify the Production Handling Agreement  and becoming jointly and severally liable to Marathon is not appropriate.   MEGS does not hold title to any hydrocarbon production or operate the facilities and should not be liable for all risks and expenses associated therewith.  Mariner should continue to shoulder those risks and as before.  I would be happy to discuss your issues with our Platform Lease revisions at your convenience or to discuss the above further.      "Bradley G Penn" <bgpenn@marathonoil.com> 05/26/2000 10:00 AM 
 I had actually called you before I had seen this email.  I wasn't involved in the NOx emissions deal.  I don't think legal was involved at all, at least from a Compression Services perspective.  Mark Courtney was the deal maker for Compression Services and I believe that John Scarborough, an analyst was also involved.  Let me know if you can do lunch tommorrow and I can tell you exactly how exciting my weekend was.  See ya.     Janel Guerrero@ENRON 05/31/2000 10:21 AM 
 Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Capacity Allocation and Expansion Determination Agreement.  I will follow with the LLC and Administrative Manager Agreement, however those changes will  be minor.  The substance is in this Agreement. 
 GT,  Looks like I will be hitting town on Saturday morning.  Eric and his wife will be with me.   We will come by your house in the morning, probably around 10 am or so to group up.  Let me know if everything is still a go for you this weekend.  I will probably need directions to your house again.  I don't remember how to get there from the last time.  G    "Townsend, George" <gtownsend@manorisd.net> 05/25/2000 12:09 PM 
 Please review. 
 Do you have any type of pro forma agreement that she refers to? 
 Attached is Marathon's response to our email.  I will call Brad to set up a telephone conference.  Ted,  Steve asked that I forward this information to a lawyer at Burlington, but couldn't recall the name.  Do you have any contact information for Burlington.  Thanks. 
 Candy,  We are working on a draft and should have something for you early next week.  Sorry for the delay.      Candace L Bywaters 05/31/2000 05:38 PM 
 GT,  Yea, he realized that as soon as we got to San Marcos.  Can you mail it Next Day Air also called Priority Mail?  I will pay you back next time I am in town.  His address is:  Eric Gillaspie 1007 Bay Oaks Houston, TX 77008      "Townsend, George" <gtownsend@manorisd.net> 06/05/2000 08:59 AM 
 Please see attached.  Thanks. 
 Attached is the draft CA for Intergen.  Note that there are still several blanks in the Agreement that I need information to complete.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Greg,  Attached is correspondence between Marathon and Enron (MEGS) concerning the revised draft of the lease that I had forwarded for Marathon's review and also to you for Mariner's review.  I wanted to give you the benefit of these discussion we have had with Marathon concerning how the MEGS and Mariner's responsibilities should be split.  Our intent with these revisions, and the our goals as we continue to work with Marathon on these issues is to simply allocate the risks between Mariner and MEGS with respect to Marathon, as Mariner and MEGS intended them to be allocated under the O&M Agreement between the two.  We are not asking Marathon to rely on the O&M Agreement to which they are not a party.  Risk associated with ownership of the flowline should run to MEGS and risk associated with the operation and maintenance of the flowline and ownership of the hydrocarbons should run to Mariner as they currently do under the Production Handling Agreement.  We intend to work with Marathon toward this end.  If you have any comments concerning these discussions or would like to discuss this further with me, please contact me at (713) 853-3512.  I would also be interested in any comments you may have with respect to the draft lease agreement I forwarded to you earlier.  Thanks.  Gerald Nemec ENA-Legal 
 GT,  Thanks for taking care of the ring and thanks again for the hosptality.  I will be back in not too long.  See Ya  G$ 
 How is it going?  Did you have a fun weekend?  My weekend was, although enjoyable,  challenging.  First Eric's wife got sick Friday night and wasn't able to go out the whole weekend.  Next, my car battery completely died when I arrived at my friends house in Austin.  I replaced the battery and everything was fine.  Eric, I,  and my friend proceeded to Maggie Maes to see the band Pale (the whole point of our trip, right!).  We arrived at Maggie Maes and asked which level Pale was playing on and were informed they had cancelled.  Great.  Oh well we had a good time that night anyway.  Cool. Then, driving back to Houston and coming up upon the Beltway I noticed that my temp gauge needle was buried deep into the danger zone.  I had to have the car towed back into downtown.  Anyway, it was an interesting trip. 
 Kay,  Please see attached.  Thanks 
 Staci,  Attached is the amendment.  Please forward your revisions for my review.  Thanks. 
 Got my car back.  $700 to fix.  Ouch!  I am really just glad it wasn't worse.  When I stopped my car it was really smoking and I was afraid I had burned my moter up.  Eric was providing my transportation during the absence of the car.  What a great guy.  Yes, we should try to hook up this weekend. The only thing I have going right now is a party that one of the attorneys in my group is throwing Saturday night.  Hopefully I will be able to get out of there fairly early.  Let's talk before the weekend to try and work something out.   I am interested in discussing the Anne situation with you also.  Talk to you later.      Janel Guerrero@ENRON 06/06/2000 05:34 PM 
 Here it is guys.  Still checking for any cleanups, but in interest of time I am forward for your review.  It is redlined against the previous revised version. 
 Attached is a redlined version of the agreement with the revisions.  Some revisions beyond  those we discussed with BR were made strictly to clear up inconsistencies in the original document.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions.  I plan on being at the Member Meeting in Denver next week, but please call any time prior if you wish to discuss.  (713) 853-3512. I will be forwarding the LLC and Administrative Agreement with revisions tomorrow.  The revisions to these docs are slight and only made to reflect the be consistent with the substantive changes in the Capacity Allocation and Expansion Determination Agreement. 
 I should have a draft for you by Friday.     Candace L Bywaters 06/07/2000 06:39 AM 
 I won't be able to make it.  I will be in Denver getting back late that evening.     Xochitl-Alexis Velasco 06/07/2000 12:33 PM 
 Carolyn,  Can you send me a copy of this document for our files.  Thanks.    Steve HPL Schneider 06/07/2000 05:42 PM 
 Attached is the term sheet with my revisions.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 FYI  Attached are the FERC materials we discussed earlier concerning third party ownership of compression in interstate pipes.  I will continue to research and see what might work. 
 Attached are redlined versions of an amended and restated LLC agreement and an amendment to the Administrative Services Agreement.  I decided to simply amend the Admin. Agreement since the change was so minor.  You will note that the changes in the LLC Agreement were solely to accommodate the revisions made in the Capacity Allocation Agreement which I forwarded earlier.  Please call if you have any questions. 
 Mark,  Attached are the confirms for both the ECS purchase and the ECT purchase.  Please take one last look.  If OK I will forward the ECS purchase to Porter and Hedges.    The ECT confirms still have the TW West Texas Pool as being the point at which ECT takes title. 
 Cris,  Attached are redline versions of revisions to the Lost Creek Capacity Allocation and Expansion Agreement which we had discussed some time back. The changes were made to accommodate several goals, but the one that you should have any concern with are in Section 2.3 and the definition of Third Party Gathering Agreement. 
 Rob,  Attached are redlined versions of the Lost Creek Docs displaying the revisions we had discussed some time back.  Please review and let me know of any issues you see with respect to the financing. 
 I am doing fine.  Work is fairly busy.  I went to Austin last weekend to see George.  He is engaged now and I think he will get married March of next year.  Met his fiance and she is really nice.  I received Jacob's B-day invitation in the mail this week.  Please let Janice know that I am sorry but won't be able to come down for the Party.  I will be coming down for the family reunion on July 1.  I will see the kids then.  I guess Sharon and Will are planning on coming down for the reunion also.  I will probably be there late Friday night.  Take care and talk to you later      Edward Nemec <ednemec@earthlink.net> 06/10/2000 04:08 PM 
 Kay, Please see attached.  Thanks. 
 Ned.  Attached is the CA with some comments incorporated.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached is the NNG Termination Agreement, clean revised CSA Agreement, and redlined revised CSA Agreement.  Please review. 
 Jaime,  This CA accidentally was sent to you with choice of law being New York.  It should be Texas law.  If Questar has seen this doc., we need to let them know.  Thanks. 
 Attached is a redlined revised agreement based on my discussions with Hoekenga Thursday.   James, We still need to talk about our Commercial Management activities in the Madden Field area and how those should be limited.  That change would be effected in the LLC Agreement. 
 I talked to Susan last Friday and she gave me her changes which I put into the doc.  So I am only waiting on Foti and Dushinske's changes.  Attached is the Vector term sheet.        Jamie Ginsberg@ENRON 06/19/2000 09:08 AM 
 Paula would be fine for me. 
 This is redlined against the original. 
 Staci, I am fine with the attached version.  I am checking with Mark to make sure he doesn't have any issues.  Thanks.      Staci Holtzman@ENRON 06/19/2000 10:30 AM 
 Attached are the latest revised redlined documents for Lost Creek.   Please note the following:  1.  The changes include those that Chris and I discussed in Denver.  The Capacity Allocation Agreement is redlined against the version BR had reviewed earlier.  All other docs. are redlined against the originals.  2.  Due to the Credit Agreement structure, portions of the Natural Gas Fuel Liquidation concept were placed into the Administrative Services Agreement. This was done in order to allow that portion of the Natural Gas Fuel value which covers the Power Bill to be included in the Debt Service Coverage Ratio calcs in the Credit Agreement.  The remainder of the Natural Gas Fuel will be distributed under the Capacity Allocation Agreement to avoid the inclusive of these excess amounts in any distribution tests under the Credit Agreement.  3.  Since more significant changes were made to the Admin. Services Agreement, it is now being amended and restated.  Dean,  have you resolved the accounting questions you raised this past Monday? 
 Ned,  Looks fine.  Let me know when you get the originals and I will initial.     Ned Higgins 06/22/2000 11:05 AM 
 Attached are the final versions of the Gallup and Kachina CSAs.  Note that both Bloomfield and Bisti have amendments   Gallup CSA and Gas Conversion Agreement and Gas Conversion Agreement Amendment     Bisti CSA and Amendment      Bloomfield CSA and Amendment 
 It is getting very close to departure time.  Are you organized for your trip yet?  I know you really only have to pack about 5 thongs and you're done. 
 Attached are redlines.  Please review.   Susan will be out of the office on Mon. and Tues. of next week, so we need to get this to her asap. 
 I am going to a farewell party for Mike Vigeant tonight.  He is leaving Enron.   Did you know Mike?  He worked in various groups and is currently in EBS.   I am open for Sat. and Sun.  Maybe we could hook up Sat.  I will give you a call on Saturday.  See ya.     Janel Guerrero@ENRON 06/23/2000 01:27 PM 
 Attached are redlines of the revised docs.  They are redlined against the versions NNG reviewed earlier. 
 Hello Miss Cynthia,  I am doing fine.  Work has been really kicking my butt lately.   Lunch Tuesday works for me.  I will give you a call on Monday to confirm.  Hope everything is going well with you also.  Take care.      "Cynthia San Marco" <csanmarco@kkrw.com> 06/23/2000 09:11 AM 
 Ken Pearson,  Attached is revised facilities agreement reflecting a small change in the design of the station.  Please review and let Cheryl Marshall know if it is acceptable asap.   We will replace that page in the originals and execute and forward one to Celanese.  The revised section are underlined and highlighted.  Cheryl will also be faxing revised exhibits to the agreement for your review. 
 Chris,  The firm schedules referred to are those currently in place on the Firm Gathering Agreement.  The latest amendments were dated September 24, 1999.  I only have hard copies, but can fax them to you.  Lori should have a copy of the amendments.   Also attached is the Capacity Allocation and Expansion Agreement most current changes redlined against the original.        "Chris Hoekenga" <choekenga@br-inc.com> 06/26/2000 10:32 AM Please respond to choekenga 
 Shonnie,  I believe Brian left you a voicemail about this. Here is the latest from Hanover.  These guys are trying to renegotiate this deal.  Lets talk about this after you have had a chance to review. 
 Bob,  Attached is the scope of work.  I gave you the hard copy earlier. 
 Attached are the form of confirm that are being executed for the Gallup Amendments.  Let me know if you have any questions.  I have also attached the TW gas letter agreement which I had forward earlier.  These are all the operational docs. required for the amendment. 
 For completeness,  Attached are the operational documents that reflect the Gallup Amendments.  The Gas Price Letter reflects TW's agreement to provide incremental gas volumes.  The confirms to the existing Enfolio deals reflect the value for the gas which flows from Enron North America Corp. to Enron Compression Services Corp. and finally to the LLC.    The confirms done with the original Gallup Transaction are not being amended.  New confirms are being added to handle the incremental gas from TW.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Bob,  Attached is the form of Agreement we need to use for ForeRunner.  It is the same form we used for High Mountain.  We need to make sure it reflects design and engineering services provided.  We will also need a Tasking Letter.  Ken Choyce should be able to provide a contract at ForeRunner as well as scope of work.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. 
 Attached are the redlined revised docs and a new letter agreement for the payment of the $2 mil. 
 Dan,  I have reviewed the Wildhorse (Mesa) Gathering, Processing, and Transport Agreement.  This agreement is still valid and the gas is dedicated to this Agreement through 2013.  The agreement present some problematic issues which I will outline.  1. Gas Quality -  The gas quality provisions only require Wildhorse to transport the gas if the gas meets the downstream carriers (in this case Northwest Pipeline) gas quality specifications.  We propose to put in a treating plant which would allow the gas to meet the specifications, however there are no provision in this Agreement which allow us to insert a plant between Northwest Pipeline and Wildhorse.  Wildhorse could delay are extract value from us for this connection.  This is an uncertainty.  2.  Wildhorse Obligation to Perform - Based on my understanding of the facts, at some point during the term of this agreement, Northwest Pipeline enforced their gas quality specifications and refused to take the gas at the downstream side of Wildhorse's Gathering System. As a result, Wildhorse shut in Enogex's production and it has been shut in ever since.  Wildhorse has a right to do this under this Agreement (see #1 above) and therefore Wildhorse has not breached its obligation to transport under this Agreement. Wildhorse's obligation was suspended when Northwest refused receipt of the gas.  3.  Unprofitability - Assuming Wildhorse worked with us to install the treating plant which conformed the gas to Northwest Specifications, they could refuse to provide gathering service under this agreement if it was still uneconomical for them to do so.  If they decided it is uneconomical for them to do so, they have the right to provide Enogex with various potential solutions which include (i) renegotiating the terms (ii) allowing Enogex to operate Wildhorse's equipment at Enogex sole cost, expense and risk, or (iii) release the gas from the Agreement.  The problem here is that there is no time limit under which Wildhorse must reach a solution with us and no specific solution they must reach.   Wildhorse could drag this out for some extended period of time and they could extract significant value.   My  recommendation is that we make Enogex's resolution of these issues with Wildhorse a condition precedent to closing and funding this deal. I know the timing is late.  However if Enron funds this deal and takes on the risk of negotiating with Wildhorse to resolve either a new deal or a release of the gas,  everyone needs to understand that such negotiation could take substantial time and Wildhorse will have significant leverage.  Let me know if you wish to discuss this further or have any questions. 
 Have a great trip and try not to hook up with too many Italian hotties!  Must come back with lots of pictures and potentially a few life changing experiences. 
 Attached are executables for the Hubbard Transaction. 
 Mark,  Please review the attached letter and provide the missing date.  If everything looks good, I will prepare an original for your signature.  Also,  do you have any resolution on the TW transport issue?  Is it acceptable for ECT to take title at the West Texas Pool and ECS still operate the transport agreement as its agent? 
 Heidi,  Attached is the modified confirm form.  Please note the following:  1.  This will only work with an Interruptible all points master contract 2.  This confirm cannot extend the term of a transport agreement.  We need to make sure that the master is still in its term. 3.  The counter -party should sign off for every transaction.  Via fax signature is acceptable. 4.  A single form per contract must be used. 5.  This form is set up for 1 month or less deals.  We need to make sure this confirm can be handle under the existing global contract # for the master contract.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Fyi,  Attached is Marathon's Response. 
 Check's in the mail.  Sorry for the delay, I will review today.      Chris Sonneborn 06/30/2000 09:50 AM 
 Chris attached is a clean and redline version of the Gregg Agreement with my revisions.  The form Gregg sent was the original form they had forwarded for the first project.  I change to reflect the change we made at that time.  As you will notice it is quite a few changes.  However, since Gregg signed off on this form once already, they shouldn't have a problem doing it again.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 I reviewed the draft you forwarded.  Looks good.  I have the following two questions:  Section 1.1 - The fourth sentence down in the parenthesis "(whether owned or leased by LESSEE)".  Shouldn't that read "(whether owned, operated, or leased by LESSEE)" since Mariner only operates the Property for MEGS?  Term  -  Shouldn't the term mirror the term for the Production Handling Agreement?  Section 7.1.2.e allows termination after January 1, 2005.  Why would Marathon want to terminate while the PHA is still in effect?       "Bradley G Penn" <BGPenn@MarathonOil.com> 06/14/2000 09:16 AM 
 Sounds good.  Pencil me in.  Of course this won't be as nice as going fishing to catch those small fish.     Will Snyder <wsnyder@saylid.com> 07/05/2000 02:43 PM 
 Eric,  Can you pull the FERC document cited below and print it out. 
 Here is the other one. 
 Attached is the cite you forwarded earlier. =20 
 Here is the other cite. 
 I didn't find any wells in this file.  Looks like you inadvertantly attached the wrong file. 
 http://www.neosoft.com/~arrt/cool.htm 
 Will,  Sharon left a voice mail indicating that you could set me up with a set of clubs on Saturday.  That sounds great.  I will plan on playing with you guys tomorrow.  Thanks. 
 I will review and get back to you by no later than tommorrow.      Stephanie Miller@ENRON 07/07/2000 01:30 PM 
 Marlene,  I am not sure what you are asking me to do.  If these contracts are active then they should be put into whatever is the proper contract tracking system for these types of services contracts (transport, pooling, etc.).  If they are not active and are of no value, then they probably should not be put into the database.  However, this is not a legal question, but a business question.  If the business decision is made that they are of no value and inactive, then they should be terminated in accordance with their terms.  Let me know if I am missing the point of your question.  If I am not, then I will return these contracts to you.       Marlene Hilliard 07/07/2000 12:17 PM 
 Kay,  Please see attached.  Thanks. 
 Ruth,  Attached is a redline with my revisions.  I will be forwarding two hard copies of the revisions to your attention. 
 I will have my comments to you by tomorrow shortly after lunch.     Chris Meyer 07/10/2000 02:16 PM 
 Dan and Teresa,  Attached is the form of declaration of Managing Member under which Crescendo appoints ENA to exclusively negotiate a gathering deal with Wildhorse.  Please review.     Teresa,  Do you think we need to get the Class B member approval also for this appointment of ENA as representative?  The LLC Agreement is open with respect to the Managing Member delegating its duties.  Dan or Ward,  Please note that the Crescendo LLC Agreement Section 6.3 indicates that if the Managing Member request the Class C Member (Enron) to provide certain financial or technical services, then Class C Member may do so for market based rates.  Is it the intention that Enron be reimbursed for any commercial or engineering services it provides to the LLC such as negotiating with Wildhorse or Project Management of the Plant Construction? 
 Dennis,  Per Elizabeth Brown's request, I am providing the following information about Enron Compression Services Company  Address: 1400 Smith St. Houston, Texas 77002 Fax:  (713) 646-8416  D&B #:  072773547  Commercial Contact: Mark Courtney (x-36368) Credit Contact:  Bill Bradford  (x-33831)  Let me know if you need any further information. 
 fyi 
 See attached.  Sorry for the delay 
 Attached are redlines of the latest revisions to the documents.  Upon your review we can forward to BR. 
 Attached for your review are redlines of the latest revisions to the Lost Creek Documents based on our recent discussions.  Please let me know if you have any comments. 
 Looks like he punted to Russell Diamond.  Give Russell a call and let him know what we need.      Eric Gillaspie 07/19/2000 05:08 PM 
 Is everything OK?  Didn't hear from you.      Janel Guerrero@ENRON 07/19/2000 02:27 PM 
 Kay,  I would like a copy.  Thanks.      Kay Young 07/20/2000 02:41 PM 
 Attached is a draft of the Master Firm Purchase Agreement between ECS (Seller) and ECT (Buyer) with a confirm for Bisti  and Bloomfield.  These mirror the Master Firm Purchase and confirms between ECC (Seller) and ECS (Buyer).  Please review.  Per our discussion yesterday, ECT will take title at the West Texas Pool and transport off of TW under the existing transport contract between TW and ECT.  Mark,  I wasn't sure who needed to see this on ECT's commercial side, so please forward to whomever is appropriate. 
 Scott,  Attached is the TransEnergie agreement with my revisions.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions.  If you want executable copies, let me know.  Thanks. 
 Attached is a clean and redlined version of the amendment with the changes we discussed.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Confidential Work Material - Attorney Client Privilege   Attached for review is a draft of the letter to be sent to Wildhorse concerning the Gathering Agreement under which the Entrada and Dakota production is committed.  Please review and provide comments.  To summarize activities to date concerning this Gathering Agreement:  1.  Conducted a conference call with Brett Frie on Wednesday.  Brett also forwarded some correspondence between Enogex and Wildhorse.  The correspondence contained a summary of meeting minutes for two meetings conducted between Enogex and Wildhorse.  No demands were made by Enogex and no claims of unprofitability were made by Wildhorse.  Brett stated that the Entrada and to some extent the Dakota gas were shut in or curtailed because the downstream carriers starting enforcing their tighter gas specifications. Enogex took Wildhorse's word for that and never checked with Northwest or Questar.  I asked Brett why he thought Wildhorse would straight away release the gas.  He responded that he thought they would do so only if Crescendo negotiated an alternative arrangement with Wildhorse.  2.  I received more correspondence on Friday from Ken Krisa.  Nothing really useful.  There was a letter from Wildhorse to another producer in the area called Lone Mountain Production Company which stated that Wildhorse thought these assets were in a state of economic viability decline.  Unfortunately this letter was not directed to Enogex.  However, the draft letter takes that position with Wildhorse.  3.  I am securing local consul out of Denver.  I want someone intimately familiar with Utah and Colorado law from a litigation and timing perspective to be involved.  We may need to seek a declaratory order.   We have run into to conflicts with law firm that have represented either KN or Tom Brown. Should have this resolved on Monday.  4.  Agreed to language on Friday with Ken Krisa and Jim Osborne and the declaration by Crescendo giving power to ENA to negotiate with Wildhorse.  This draft does state our desire to pursue a release of the gas.  However, to reiterate, based on the current facts we do not have a black and white right to deem this gas as released under the Gathering Agreement.  The fact that the Entrada Gas is not in spec. with the downstream pipelines for inerts, allows Wildhorse to suspend their receipt of this gas without being in default. 
 Joan,  The contract states that Wildhorse only has to accept gas from Crescendo that the downstream carriers will accept.  Per Brett Frie at Enogex, the Entrada production is 24% Nitrogen.  Until the plant is up and running, this gas will not meet any of the downstream carriers specs.  I am not sure how we get the Nitrogen out of the gas stream without the plant?  The Dakota production was not mentioned in the letter, because I have no facts about the gas quality of this gas.  You had forwarded emails last week indicating the Dan Reineke was to take samples at the wellhead and downstream of Wildhorse's plant.  Once we have these facts we can send a letter concerning the Dakota.  Do you have any info on these samples?      Joan Quick 07/24/2000 07:17 PM 
 Have you worked your way back into the real world yet or are you still adjusting?  This week has been pretty busy already and it is only Tuesday. Want to try and hook up for lunch tomorrow?  Let me know how your schedule looks. 
 Here is the term sheet.  Chris can you give me a complete list of counterparties, with pricing and volume information for each counterparty. 
 Tomorrow at noon sounds good.  I have primarily been working on Denver stuff.  Although a new project up in Denver.  One that I wish I hadn't gotten involved in.  I also need to hit the gym.  Been thinking about taking Kick Boxing lessons. A good way to take out aggression.     Janel Guerrero@ENRON 07/26/2000 10:49 AM 
 Attached is my draft revised term sheet for the producer purchase agreements.  Let me know if you have any comments. 
 Forgot to copy you on the original dist. 
 My thought is just to take all this language out and solely leave us on out if we don't get the transport for any reason under the terms of the Precedent Agreement.  Counterparty might not go for it, but it would clear this issue up.      Barbara N Gray 07/26/2000 06:45 PM 
 Susan,  Attached are redlined copies of the CSA Amendments.  We made a change to the Monthly Contract Quantity to exclude Force Majeure events and Section 2.4 Shaft energy interruptions.  Please review and call me with any questions.  x-33512.  Since we have circulated the prior amendment, I think it would avoid the most confusing by giving these amendments a new execution date.  I also added a section which specifices that these versions replace the amendments dated June 18, 1999.  The NBV letter values will also be redone.  The numbers will have to be changed.  The investors have asked that instead of a Contract Year Schedule, a quarterly schedule be included.   I don't have the numbers from Mark yet, but will forward those changes as soons as I get them.  Mark indicated that he had discussed these changes with both you and David. 
 Attached is the latest version of the Wildhorse Entrada Letter.  Please review.  I reviewed the letter with Jim Osborne and Ken Krisa yesterday and should get their comments today.  My plan is to Fedex to Midland for Ken's signature tomorrow morning and from there it will got to Wildhorse. 
 Please review.  Thanks. 
 Short and sweet.  Comments? 
 Stop it.  You're scaring me!!      Eric Gillaspie 07/27/2000 04:27 PM 
 713/646-3490     Joan Quick 07/27/2000 06:08 PM 
 Attached is the final version of the CSA.  Let me know if you need an executed hard copy. 
 Attached are the latest changes to the docs redlined against the originals docs, per your voicemail.  Chris,  I made one slight change from the versions I had sent to you earlier.  In the Capacity Allocation agreement signature block, I am now having ENA sign for section 4.5 as well.  Let me know if you need anything else. 
 Ken,  Attached is the letter.  Please sign and forward the original to Kent Harris via Fedex.  We should request a signature acceptance of the letter and a confirmation receipt of such signature acceptance for our files.  The letter has a header for Crescendo on it.  Not sure if you had stationary for Crescendo yet.  Send a signed copy to me  and I will copy all the Enron CCs.  Gerald Nemec EB3883 1400 Smith St. Houston, Tx 77002  cc Carter Mathies, Don Opersteny, and Steve Huckaby to the same address as Kent Harris  cc Tom Dyk and Pete Scherer at Tom Brown 555 17th St., Suite 1850 Denver, CO 80202  Let me know if you have any questions and thanks for all your help. 
 Attached are clean and redline versions. 
 Carol,  Attached is the revised letter.  Per the voicemail I left last week, please let me know if there are any issues with us stating the prepay in this letter.  Also when is TW expecting the payment to be wired.  Need that date. 
 FYI,  Attached is the final version of the letter that was sent to Wildhorse. 
 Attached is the latest set of documents which have minor revisions based on my discussions with Chris last week.  These have been only redlined against the prior version, not the original versions.  Let me know if you want redlines against the original docs.  The LLC was not included as no changes were made from the versions already forwarded.  With respect to the cash out imbalance procedures. The Administrative Services Agreement (Exhibit B) currently has a rough procedure for such cashout.  It is also written such that the Members can adopt a new procedure at any time.  If the current procedures are not sufficient, it probably make the most sense to have only a working draft (approved by the members) of procedures in place until we have a few month of operations under our belt to work out the bugs.  Scott Sitter will be developing this draft.  The development of these procedures can be done outside these current revisions. A final imbalance procedure would be adopted by written action of the members upon development of those final procedures.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 I will be out the 17th and 18th.      Pat Radford 07/31/2000 04:35 PM 
 Arvel,  I received your pressure data.  Unfortunately the contract pressure is assessed against the 3 year period prior to the Effective Date of the contract which is Oct. 19, 1993.  Any chance we would have any such data? Ken Krisa is also checking to see if he has any such data.  Also, did we receive any quality information on Dakota production?  Thanks for your help. 
 Ken,  Wanted to check and see if you guys were able to find any pressure data on Wildhorse for the period of 3 years prior to the Effective Date of the Gathering Agreement?  I think Jim was going to look and see if he had any such data.  Thanks. 
 Attached is the letter.  I am forwarding per Mark's request.  Let me know if you have any comments.  If everything looks good, let me know and I will create executables.  Thanks. 
 Attached is the revised amendment. 
 Chris,  Attached are all the latest docs. redlined against the originals. 
 Pat,  Please print these out for me.  Thanks. 
 Susan,  Attached the revised net book value letters.  The numbers have increased. Also they are now specified quarterly. 
 Ranabir,  Attached is the letter with my revisions.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Employee Name:  Gerald Nemec Phone #:  (713) 853-3512 Guest's Name:  Don't know yet Overnight Accommodations:  King Bed/Non-Smoking Garden Dollars: Yes 
 Confidential Work Product - Attorney Client Privilege  Dan,  Our letter was definitely structured to encourage a quick solution.  As the situation stands now, Wildhorse's possible responses to the letter are as follows:  1.  Declare Unprofitability wrt to the gas covered by the amendment. If they do so, then they have the obligation to provide alternatives to Crescendo, one of which is release of the gas.  You are right, there is no time frame in the contract under which they must resolve these alternatives. That is a risk I pointed out early.  However, in our letter to Wildhorse, I proposed a time frame to resolve these issue of 2 weeks.  If Wildhorse is not working with us in good faith within a commercially reasonable time then we will have to make a choice: A.  Go for a Declaratory Judgment to have the gas released from the contract.  This will take time.  Depending on court docket loads, 6 months to 1 year.  B.  Inform Wildhorse that we have been unable to reach an agreement within a commercially reasonable time and they have not negotiated in   good faith and we consider the gas released (contract breached by Wildhorse) and that we will build our own system.  Then Crescendo would   build its own system and risk a suit by Wildhorse.  2.  Not declare Unprofitability If Wildhorse does not declare unprofitability, then they have the obligation under the contract to take the gas in accordance with its terms.  The only complication is that under the contract, Wildhorse's obligation to take the gas is subject to the downstream carriers ability to receive the aggregate gas stream.  Depending on Wildhorse's flow dynamics and our plant placement, Wildhorse could use this as reason to refuse delivery of our gas.  After your field meeting and our engineering assessment, hopefully we will have a better understanding of that situation.  If Wildhorse does not declare unprofitability, we would demand evidence and assurances that they will be able to take the gas upon start up of the treating plant.  If Wildhorse does not declare unprofitability, but continues to discuss renegotiating of this deal, I would very directly ask them "under what provision of the contract do they believe they have the right to renegotiate any fees?".  They don't have a right to renegotiate under the contract without unprofitability.      Dan J Bump@ENRON 08/01/2000 05:23 PM 
 Chris,  The Amended Firm Gathering Agreements were executed back around July 1.  Lori should have copies of the executed documents.  I am solely refer to the schedules attached to those amended Firm Gathering Agreements.  If you don't have copies let me know.     "Chris Hoekenga" <choekenga@br-inc.com> 08/02/2000 01:24 PM Please respond to choekenga 
 Craig,  FYI.  Some internal discussions. 
 Ken,  FYI 
 How are you doing?  Still up to your eyeballs in premarital bliss.  Football season is getting close.  Can't wait for some tailgating extravaganza. 
 I am not bailing.  Sorry to be so tardy with the check.  Will sending the= =20 check directly.  Until then you will have to extend me a friendly loan.   N= ow=20 that were are about to be family, its time you really go to know Sharon's= =20 deadbeat brother.  I will be moving in shortly after the wedding.    Hope= =20 things are going well!  See ya soon. 
 Attached is the agreement for printing on NBILP Letterhead.   The date is the same as the original CA.   Let me know if you have any questions.  If we could get this signed and faxed back today or first thing Monday that would be great.  Sorry about the delay.  My fax # is (713) 646-3490. 
 Let's keep the date.  This way the bi-lateral obligations between the parties are concurrent.  Thanks.      Eva Neufeld@ENRON 08/04/2000 04:11 PM 
 Trevor,  Please review the spreadsheet and let me know if you agree.  The number in bolds are the values pulled from the existing TW net book value letter agreements 
 Attached are clean and blacklined version of the revised Letter of Understanding    This e-mail (and any attachment(s) hereto) is intended only for use by the addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or confidential information.  If you are not the intended recipient of this e-mail, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-mail (and any attachment(s) hereto) is strictly prohibited. 
 One change to the drafts I just forwarded.  The second sentence of the Purchase Price section in the Term Sheet will be deleted.  The purchase price will be all cash and no note will be executed. 
 You bet I will be there for the No Le Hace.  Got the Austin women lined up for me? Nothing significant in the love life area.  Just hoeing around Houston as much as possible.  If you get a chance can by and see me in Houston.  Let me know more details on the No Le Hace when you get a chance.      "Townsend, George" <gtownsend@manorisd.net> 08/03/2000 10:13 AM 
 Attached is a copy of the CA I will be sending to Cobb on Monday.  I will ask Cobb to execute and forward to Denver for Brian's sig.  You probably should give them a call and explain this CA before they receive it.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 You are very welcome.   I had no intentions of seducing.  I didn't think you were going to be all over me like that.  Just kidding.  I had a good time also.  Have a great rest of the day.      "Cynthia San Marco" <csanmarco@kkrw.com> 08/07/2000 06:12 AM 
 Ed,  I can meet with you to discuss this.  Thursday or Friday afternoon would work for me.  Let me know your schedule.       Edward D Gottlob 08/08/2000 10:45 AM 
 Jerry,  The entities to be parties to the confidentiality agreement are:  ECS Compression Company, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company  Transwestern Pipeline Company, a Delaware company 
 FYI 
 Susan,  Attached are the letter agreements between ECS and TW which cover the earlier letters I sent. 
 Attached is a rough draft of the agreement we discussed last week.  Please review and let's discuss. 
 Mark,  Attached is their proposed language. 
 I am sending hard copies.  I can't find the electronic version.      "Sean Bunk" <BUNKS@andrews-kurth.com> 08/09/2000 09:58 AM 
 Mark,  Please review and lets discuss. 
 How is it going?  Haven't talked to you in awhile.  It has been pretty busy around here.  Trying to sell all these nasty assets.  I am leaving for your homeland, Denver to experience the Rocky Mountain high for myself.  Just what the hell was John Denver singing about anyway?  Let me know what's going on. 
 Hi Emmye,  Sorry I haven't gotten back with you sooner.  It has been extremely busy here at work and I am leaving for Denver today at 5:30 so I am really having to hustle to get things done before I leave.  How was the wedding?  I know you really were just looking for any excuse to go to Tomball.  I too had fun on Thursday.  I will give you a call when I get back from Denver. I will be back on Sunday.  Take care and talk to you soon.  Gerald 
 Mark,  Attached are the latest revisions to the participation language. Please review and if everything looks acceptable, forward to NBP. 
 Nick,  Do you have an electronic version you could send me? 
 Chris,  Attached is the revised Work Offer.  Please forward to Hanover for execution. 
 Made a few slight changes to correct company's name. 
 Attached is a redline of the Bisti Assigment documents showing the latest revision.  The sames changes have been made in all 4 assigments.    Also attached is the Enfolio Master Firm Purchase Agreement with Confirms and Redlines of the Confirms to show the lastest changes.    Please contact me at (713) 853-3512 if you have any questions 
 Since Eric is a contract employee, he was not included as part of the formal PRC process recently completed.  Therefore we would like to receive feedback from you concerning Eric's performance outside the performance management system.  I will be forwarding a hard copy Performance Evaluation form for your input.  You may either hand write or email the information back to me. Whichever is easier for you.  Please take time out of your busy schedules to complete the forms as soon as possible.  I would like to have a response by Aug. 24th.  Thank you for your time. 
 Jessica,  Attached are the Agreement for both Suzanne and Diane.  The form also refers to a Confidentiality and Non-Solicitation Agreement that both Suzanne and Diane must execute.  I have a call in to Michelle about those forms.  I will forward as soon as I get them.  We can go ahead though and forward these agreements to MTM. 
 Attached for your review is a draft of the Lost Creek - ENA IT Agreement. Please review and let me know if you have any comments or questions.  Some provision (nominations, imbalances)  are taken from the North Central Agreement since BR is familiar with that form. 
 Eric, Need your help on this.  Let's get a copy of the grazing lease that Candy is referring to in the E-mail.  I am not clear on what she means by having Merl operate the well.  I think she means allow him to graze this area under the terms of his existing lease, but I am not sure.  Can you get with Candy on this?  Thanks. 
 Jessica,  Attached are the Confidentiality and Non-Solicitation Agreements. There is one for Suzanne Badeaux, Diane Allen, and MTM Temps.   Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. 
 Susan,  Under the terms of the Gallup Compression Services Agreement, ECS is working with the electric utility (Tri-State) to provide TW access to Tri-State's web site for the purposes of load controlling the Gallup Station to avoid Tri-State's system peaks.  Attached is a confidentiality agreement which Tri-State drafted under which Tri-State will allow both TW and ECC to see such data.  Tri-State is obviously concerned with migration of the data to Enron's power trading groups.  The attached draft includes my comments.  I have attached a clean and a redlined of my comments.  I thought we could get both of our comments prior to sending back to Tri-State.  Please review and return all your comments to me.  Thanks. 
 Attached is the latest draft of the PSA for Project 20/20  There are several schedules attached under which any exceptions to the representations and warranties of Seller (ENA) need to be disclosed. The following are the relevant sections (and its associated schedule) in the PSA and those persons who area of responsibility these sections fall under.  Please review the relevant sections and provide any information which is relevant for that section and its associated schedule. If you have any questions please call me at (713) 853-3512.  This transaction is still highly confidential and should not be discussed with any third parties.   Section 3.1(b) - Noncontravention - Gerald Nemec, Rob Taylor Section 3.1(c) - Consent and Approvals - Rob Taylor Section 3.1(d) - Title to Membership Interest - Rob Taylor Section 3.1(g) - Capital Structure - Jim Coffey Section 3.1(i) - Financial Statements - Jim Coffey Section 3.1(k) - Absence of Certain Changes or Events - Jim Coffey (accounting related), Gerald Nemec (disputes), All others review also. Section 3.1(l) - Contracts and Agreements - Gerald Nemec Section 3.1(m) - Compliance with Laws; Permits - Ken Choyce, Ann Elizabeth, as they relate to EMS Section 3.1(n) - Title - Ann Elizabeth White, as it relates to EMS Section 3.1(o) - Condition of Property - Ken Choyce Section 3.1(p) - Litigation - Gerald Nemec Section 3.1(q) - No restrictions - Rob Taylor Section 3.1(r) - Taxes - Rhett Jackson Section 3.1(t) - Related Transactions - Gerald Nemec, Rob Taylor, Rhett Jackson Section 3.1(v) - Environmental Compliance - Ken Choyce, Ann Elizabeth  Everyone please review all the reps, and warranties and let me know of any issues, but the above listed persons are primary points for these issues.  If anyone listed above feels that someone other than themselves is more appropriate for providing this information, please let me know as soon as possible.  Timing is critical on pulling together this information, so please provide this information by no later than Friday of this week.  The PSA will be executed next week.  Please let me know also if there are no issues. 
 Please review and let's discuss. 
 Jessica,  Attached is the revised confidentiality and non-solicitation agreement.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached for your review is the Variable Fee based gathering agreement between ENA and EMS.  Please provide comments as soon as possible. 
 Pat,  the specific representation is in section 3.02(v).  If you could get back to as soon as possible.  We are executing these documents tommorrow.  I am basically trying to make sure the Enron Compression Services Company can make this rep. given our circumstances. 
 Please review the attached termination letter.  Crescendo will need to sign this.  We can forward this letter to Crescendo for signature unless you would rather handle that.  Let me know.  Thanks. 
 Please prepare letter for signature. 
 Shonnie, I have extracted all the reps from the PSA which refer to the Gathering Companies and attached.  To summarize they are as follows:  1.  Compliance with Laws: Permits (In compliance with all Legal Requirements) 2.  Condition of Property 3.  Litigation 4.  Taxes 5.  Environmental Compliance. (In compliance with all Environmental Laws)  Let me know if we need to review these with Lost Creek and Fort Union counsel. 
 Bob,  Can you take care of this?  Thanks. 
 The attached documents contains the representations specific to Lost Creek and Fort Union that ENA would be making in the 20/20 Purchase and Sale Agreement as it is drafted currently.  We are making the reps. "to our knowledge".  Please review the attached document and let me know as soon as possible if you see any issues that we need to schedule or disclose to Border.  If you have any questions concerning the scope or definition of the reps., please call me at (713) 853-3512.  Thanks for your help. 
 Attached for your review is the form of interruptible gathering agreement for ENA on Lost Creek.  Please let me know of any comments you may have. 
 Dan,     Ann Elizabeth is drafting an Assignment and Bill of Sale to handle this.    Dan J Bump@ENRON Sent by: Dan J Bump@ENRON 08/28/2000 08:51 AM 
 Per Ken Choyce's request, attached is the executed form for the Hanover Contract. 
 Ken,  The attached is a letter terminating the purchase agreement under which Crescendo's gas is currently being purchased by OGE.  Please review and if acceptable please sign and forward to OGE.  Please note that this letter needs to be received by OGE by the 1st.  So let's FEDEX as soon as possible. 
 Attached is a redline of the Bisti Assignment in Contribution Agreement (ECC to ECS).  This version picks up a change in the indemnity section that was missed in the version e-mailed earlier.  This change will be made in all 4 Assignment and Contribution Agreements. 
 Jim,  I forwarded those to Steve Schneider for signature.  I think Steve was waiting on some Exhibits.    Jim Schwieger 08/28/2000 05:00 PM 
 Attached for your review is a draft of the disclosure schedules to be attached to the Purchase and Sale Agreement. 
 Susan has reviewed the Confidentiality Agreement and is OK with my changes. If you guys are OK with the changes we can forward this to Tri-State for their review. 
 Attached is a letter to Wildhorse concerning curtailment of the Dakota Production.  Please review and provide comments asap. 
 Any comments you may have would be appreciated.  I need to get this out by tommorrow.  Thanks. 
 Attached for review is a revised set of disclosures schedules for the Purchase and Sale Agreement. 
 Ken,  Attached is the letter we discussed this morning.  Let me know if you have any comments. 
 Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Confidentiality Agreement with our revisions. 
 In Section 7 Indemnity in the first sentence, after the words "causes of action" I added suits, awards, liabilities, fines, costs, fees, expenses. This was missed earlier.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Ken,  Attached is the revised draft we discussed. The letter is ready to send from my perspective.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached are 20/20 Purchase and Sale Agreement disclosures schedules.  Please review and let Shonnie Daniel know of any issues. 
 Per my phone mail message. 
 Joan,  I received a copy of this Exhibit "A" a couple of weeks back. Unfortunately I found the same thing you did, that all San Arroyo properties are dedicated.     Joan Quick 09/11/2000 04:29 PM 
 This message is BS.  What's up dude?  How was the game?  Looks like Major is the starter from now on.      "Townsend, George" <gtownsend@manorisd.net> 09/11/2000 10:23 AM 
 Hope you had a safe journey back from the land of Cabo.  We made it back without a problem.  I am really getting hammered at work today.  Reality baby!  Apparently my clients just can't do without me.  What did you guys do on your last night?  Let me guess. El Squid Roe.  Did your partners meet any new family members?  I really had a great time hanging out with you.  It made my trip that much more memorable to be with a special person like you.  Drop me a note when you get a chance and let me know how you are.  Take care, Gerald. 
 Susan,  Tri-States comments.  I plan to give them Colorado law but to discuss the other two with them.  Let me know your thoughts. 
 Attached are the revised June 30, 1999 Amendments to the Compressor Service Agreement both Bisti and Bloomfield which supersede the June 18, 1999 amendments.  Redlines are also attached to show the changes from prior versions.  Also attached are revised TW payout amount letters date June 30, 1999 which supersede the June 18, 1999 letters.  All were executed late today and will be distributed in the morning. However, in the interest of time, I am distributing these now for your information. 
 GT,  Man you are killing me with that story of the naked blonde.  I almost cried for not going now.  Is she still married, because if not I want to propose.  Cabo was pretty sweet.  Plenty of sun, sand, and women.  Hooked up with a chick from Seattle for most of the week and had a great time.  We went fishing one day and caught a 100 lb. swordfish.  Took a portion of it to a restaurant and they cooked it for us.  Awesome.  There were tons of Honeymoon couples down there.  You might want to check it out.  It is a short flight and pretty reasonably priced.  They have some great hotels as well.  I will be coming in for the Houston game weekend after next, so have my room ready.  Talk at ya later.  G 
 Need  your help with an agency agreement per this email.  Let's talk about this one. 
 Attached is the form of CA to be used for your Kern River discussion.  I can print executables if you need.  Let me know. 
 That's a good one.  This is taking on much more meaning now that she possibly might be a US Senator.  Yikes.     "Emmye" <emmye@dracospring.com> 09/14/2000 08:47 AM 
 Thanks for the offer.  I just have too much going on here to make it.  See ya.     Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com 09/14/2000 09:24 AM 
 Attached is the latest draft of the letter to Wildhorse concerning the Dakota production.  Some revisions have been made based on our meeting Tues. and Ken Krisa's comments to the earlier version.  Please review and provide any comments. 
 fyi 
 Attached are the latest schedules and supplements.  Still waiting on the revised financial statements. 
 Attached are a clean and redline version with my changes. 
 This is incredible.  The kid was a life long Aggie Fan, makes one trip to Austin and commits to UT.  I think we have finally found the guy to win it all for us (MB).   Also now Chance is saying he will actively recruit for us.  He wants this years class to be better than last years class.  I think a few phone calls to Roy Williams and BJ Johnson.  I can't wait til August.  When are you coming back guy.  Are you ready for some football? 
 Attached for review is a redline of the latest revisions to Schedules to the Purchase and Sale Agreement.  Also attached are various supplements to the schedules.  The only items not included are the Capital Account Balances - Schedule 3.1(g) and the Financial Statements - Schedule 3.1(i).  Karry Kendall will be forwarding those shortly this evening.    Also attached is Exhibit A-2.  This is an item description of the equipment included in the EMS gathering systems.  I also forwarded Exhibit D - Specified Geographical Area and Exhibit A-1 - Map of the EMS Gathering System earlier today via FEDEX.  You should have those tomorrow morning. 
 Hi Dee Dee  OK, It is at about this point in time when my thoughts turn to my next vacation.  Jeez, criminy (little Seattle lingo) have I been busy this week. Looking forward to the weekend to chill out a little.  No big plans but to enjoy the college football extravaganza on Saturday.  Maybe grill some beast depending on the weather and partake of a few sodas.  It has been raining here all week which is good, because at least it isn't 107 degrees out.  My clients in Denver wanted a full download on all my Cabo activities.  These are the guys who have been to Cabo several times including the 20/20 club. As a matter of fact, the project I am working on right now for these guys is called Project 20/20.  Coincidence, I don't think so.  Anyway, when I told them I met this girl who went to 20/20 with me, they were very impressed. They now hold me in higher esteem than before.  At least that's one way to gain the respect of your clients.  So how is the great Northwest? Have your told grandparents about the wonderful time you had in Cabo with some strange guy walking around in your shoes.  Some details are probably better left out.  I am about out of here.  Take care and I will talk to you later.  Gerald 
 Attached is the revised agreement with Utah added.  Let me know if you need anything else. 
 Attached is a redlined version of the schedules with changes for the sales/use taxes on EMS materials.  All other supplements to the schedules remain unchanged. 
 Eva,  All the references are conditional upon term conversion occurring prior to closing, so they work even though Term Conversion won't occur prior to closing.  We plan on leaving the references as they exist.  Let me know if you have any questions.      Eva Neufeld@ENRON 09/16/2000 03:50 PM 
 Jere,  I have reviewed the draft and everything looks fine except for the $10 million cap.  Dave and I had discussed a $2 million cap.  I would request that the $2 million cap be inserted.  Please let me know if you have any questions.      "Bates, Jere" <jbates@tristategt.org> 09/18/2000 12:02 PM 
 Attached is a redlined copy of the revised schedules incorporating the comments sent by NBP this weekend and also reflecting the executed Lost Creek amendments.  Please review. 
 Attached is a redlined copy of the revised schedules to the Purchase and Sale Agreements.  Also attached, for the sake of completeness, are the supplements to the schedules.  The supplements are the same as prior versions, except for some changes to the title defects schedules for the Maverick, Box Draw, and Caballo systems.  I attempted to redline the schedules for the title defects, but it redlined the whole list.  The only change of substance added was a new Wyoming DOT road crossing permit to Maverick.  Also taken off were references to the documents that have been prepared and sent to Gillette (that information was contained in brackets and began "[See Attached ....].  That information was for the right of way agents in Gillette so that they knew what documents had been prepared for them.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached are clean versions of the 20/20 Schedules 
 I might have fallen asleep before in church, but fortunately have never turned myself into a human candle.  I did spend several years as an altar boy.  We got to wear those cool outfits also.  How are you doing?  Thanks for not rubbing in the loss from Saturday.  This is a time of healing right now for me, so be gentle.      "Emmye" <emmye@dracospring.com> 09/19/2000 04:42 PM 
 Hi Kelly,    Sorry I haven't gotten back to you sooner, but have been swamped.  I am thinking the South Carolina game works.  However, what does a flight to Florida cost?  I need to factor that in as well, as I am planning on going to Spain in November and probably need to watch my $$$.  I have been to several OU games in Dallas, and it is actually more fun than the A&M game because they split the stadium 50/50 Texas OU.  It is pretty intense.  I am trying to get tickets to the game this year and will probably go.      "Kelly OBrien" <kjobrien@duke-energy.com> 09/18/2000 10:53 PM 
 I will check with my bro, to see if he is interested and let you know.  Get some sleep.   Talk at ya later.      "Mark Miller" <mmiller3@austin.rr.com> 09/20/2000 11:06 AM 
 Are you still out there?  Sent you an email last week but didn't hear from you.  Just checking to see if you are still in Seattle or if you moved down to Cabo for good. 
 Craig,  Attached is a short outline concerning the approach we discussed earlier.  Please review and let me know if you agree. 
 Hi Katie,  Remember me.  Not sure if this is still your email address, but thought I would check and see.  Hope you are doing well and school is going well.  If you are still out there drop me a line! 
 Hi Mom,   Sorry I haven't gotten back with you sooner.  I have just been pretty busy at work and on the weekends.  Seems like there is not enough hours in the day.  I did go down to Cabo for a week.  It was a blast.  We partied way too much.  Everything else is going fine.  My roommate moved in at the beginning of September.  So far so good.  Hope everything is going well down in CC.  Love yall and talk to you later.  Gerald      Edward Nemec <ednemec@earthlink.net> 09/08/2000 08:04 AM 
 FYI, Craig's comments to the outline I handed out this morning. 
 Attached is the Yates Contract Price Renegotiation Letter.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 GT,  I am planning on coming in for the game this weekend.  Not sure if it will be Fri. night or Sat. morning.  What does your schedule look like for the weekend? 
 Might try this for the bar, while at the bar. 
 GT,  I am planning on driving in Sat.  I will probably leave Houston around 9 am.  Should be in Austin at lunch time.  I can't remember exactly how to get to your casa.  Can you drop me some directions again.  Thanks. 
 Emmye,  I seem to have misplaced your work #.    Drop me a note when you get a chance with your #. 
 I think Paul is interested.  His email address is paul.nemec@williams.com.      "Mark Miller" <mmiller3@austin.rr.com> 09/20/2000 11:06 AM 
 No need to worry.  I won't send that picture to anyone.  Now the one with Eric and the smoke hanging out of his mouth will be distributed to ALL ENRON EMPLOYEES.      Dina Snow@ENRON 09/25/2000 09:08 AM 
 Attached for your review is a draft of Wildhorse Nomination Letter.  Please review and provide any comments.  Mark & Joan, I need help with the nomination format and facts in the first paragraph. 
 Craig,  Please review the attached letter.  I am specifically interested in your comments to the last paragraph.  Thanks. 
 Ken,  Please review the attached letter. 
 Here it is. 
 Attached is redlined copy of  the confirm with the changes we discussed. Please review 
 FYI 
 Paul,  We need to plan on getting together sometime.  When and how long are you going to be in San Diego once you get back from stomping out the "angry red horde"?  Might be an opportune time to hook up.  I would love to see Papa Bieraugel in action and I'm not referring to your Dad.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Attached is a clean and redlined copy.  Mark,  Please note Russell Diamond with credit wants to initial these contracts before credit will approve the transaction from ENA's side.  I will send him the latest drafts. 
 Attached is the latest drafts.  These went to Huber for execution this afternoon 
 Hi Katie,    Sorry it has taken awhile to respond.  I have been out of town for awhile.  Good to hear from you again.  I understand about the summer.  Sometimes we get so busy and it seems like weeks go by without noticing.  I had a good summer.  My little sister got married up in Estes Park, Colorado in August.  Estes is a neat little town near Rocky Mountain National Park.  I spent four days up there.  My whole family made the trip, so that was cool. The weather up there is awesome.  I played around of golf and I don't think it ever got above about 75 degrees.  They had the reception at the Stanley Hotel.  This hotel was where Stephen King was staying when he got the inspiration to write the Shining.  No weird events occurred at the reception though.  I also just got back about 2 weeks ago from Cabo San Lucas.  I spent 8 days down there with some friends.  Scuba diving, fishing, beach, drinking, and dancing.  Not necessarily in that order though.  I was a little worried about being down there for that long, but it was great once I got used to partying till 4 am and sleeping til noon.  Enron is going well.  We just closed another big deal last week, so the pressure is off for now again.  There will surely be another next quarter. Can't wait .  I feel for you concerning statistics.  Actually that was one of the courses that gave me the most problems in engineering school.  I must admit I probably didn't try as hard as I should have.  I just hated the course so much that I just wanted to get it over with.  Hang in there.   You will get through it.  Is this your last semester?  If I remember correctly, I thought you were going to graduate in December.  It is really good to hear from you again.  Take care and drop me a note when you get a chance.  Gerald 
 Attached is a revised nomination letter incorporating comments received. Please review 
 Hi Dee,  I am really sorry to hear about your brother's child.  I hope everything with you and your family is as well as it can be right now.  I will say a prayer for yall.  I am doing good.  Staying busy with work as you suggested.  Actually we closed our big deal last Thursday.  That will allow my hours to become somewhat more normal in the near future.  They are planning a trip to reward those who worked so hard on this deal.  Guess where? Cabo.  Went to Austin this past weekend to watch my beloved Longhorns play.  They won, fortunately.  It was good to see some old friends and hang out.   I wouldn't mind moving back to Austin, but the jobs there just don't pay as much as in Houston.  Everyone wants to stay in Austin after school, so they can lowball you on the cash.  Looking forward to the pictures.  Need to refresh my memory of Cabo.  Take care and talk to you later.     "Karry Howton" <howton.k@ghc.org> 09/22/2000 05:19 PM 
 A redlined version with my changes.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Barbara,  I put hard copies of these documents in your chair. 
 Attached is a rough draft of a response letter to Wildhorse concerning the nominations.  Barbara and I are still reviewing, so there will be some further changes, but in the interest of time, I thought I would send this out for everyone's review. 
 GT,  I think I will probably come in tonight since the game is so early.  Are you guys going to try and buy tickets at the gate for BB?    Email back with your phone numbers, so I can call if anything changes.  Talk at ya later.  G 
 Sounds like your little cousin is continuing to strike out on the airline tickets.  It really breaks my heart to see the once great web master fall so far. Maybe we should have assigned him the task of color coordinating his pants and shirts for the trip. 
 Not sure if you or someone in your group already had seen this. 
 Scott,  Attached is the memo from local counsel in Denver.  Per Barbara's voice mail, both her and I agree with the content of the memo.  Craig is an experienced litigator in Denver.  Please review and let's discuss. 
 Sorry for the delay.  Here is the letter 
 The pictures were very amusing.  Thanks for sending those along.  Looks like you guys hung out quite a bit with the neighbors.  I especially like the candid shot of me in my Tommy Hilfiger's.  Whoa, got to start working out and shed the love handles.  I thought there would be more shots of Squid Roe since that is where you guys hung out most of the time.  Looks like your Mariners made the playoffs.  I really don't follow Texas but I do follow the Astros.  I think everybody is just happy the season is over with so we can forget it as quickly as possible.  The Astros were pretty horrible this year.  Hope you are doing well.  Did you keep Julie and Angie out of trouble this weekend?  I know that is probably impossible.  Thanks for the pics again and I'll talk to you later.  Gerald 
 I would call Kent and ask about this.  I would also remind him about our request for the pressure data in the September 14 letter and their obligations to keep pressures at the average pressure for the 3 year period prior to the effect date of the agreement.  Mark,  We also need you to keep notes, with dates and times, of all your discussions and communications with Wildhorse.  Dan, Has been preparing his notes and you may want to just add onto his notes.  Dan,  I also need to get a copy of your notes when you get a chance.      Mark Whitt@ENRON Sent by: Mark Whitt@ENRON 10/02/2000 10:34 AM 
 fyi. 
 Davis,  This actually sounds frighteningly like my experience at the Big 12 Game.  However, just because I at one time worked at the Posse doesn't mean my character should continue to be called into question.      Davis Thames@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 10/04/2000 09:27 AM 
 FYI,  The call to Kinder may not be needed. 
 Attached is a form agreement for the Oakhill Transaction.  Please note the italicized sections of the CSA.  I am not sure what the terms quoted to Oakhill have been with respect to interruptions in service and adjustments to energy pricing.  We may want to leave these sections blanks for now.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 The form of right of way looks good.  Go ahead and forward to the land owner. 
 Attached is a clean and redlined copy of the CIG agreement with my revisions.  The redline is compared against the version you had forwarded earlier via email.  Sorry for the delay.  I will be at the ENA Legal Conference this afternoon and tomorrow.  Please leave a voicemail if you have any questions.  Thanks. 
 Attached is a letter to TW notifying them of the CDEC rate increase and requesting their election on the pricing adjustment.  Please review.  We need to get this to TW asap. 
 I know.  I guess we should be used to it by now and learn to expect it.  I just need to emotionally distance myself from the Horns.  G$     Dan J Bump@ENRON Sent by: Dan J Bump@ENRON 10/09/2000 05:44 PM 
 Attached is a draft letter for EE&CC concerning the Station 27 Bid.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 I think you need this. 
 Attached is a clean and redlined copy of the ENA's IT Agreement on Lost Creek.  The revisions incorporate Chris Hoekenga's comments.  Please review and let me know if this looks acceptable.  If OK we can forward to BR for their final review. 
 What's up rude-dog.  Haven't heard any new recruiting news.  I think it is going to be quiet on that front until later in the football season.  I was up in Denver this past week and talked to Jessica Wentworth.  She said you have been exploring the Australian countryside.  Bet there is some amazing stuff down under.  Anyway, drop me a note and let me know how its going.  I know I have asked this before, but when are you getting into town?  We need to have some repatriation beers upon your arrival. 
  > >   Women's Training Courses: > >   Women think they already know everything, but wait... >   training courses are now available for women on the following subjects. > >   1.  Silence, the Final Frontier:  Where No Woman Has Gone Before >   2.  The Undiscovered Side of Banking:  Making Deposits >   3.  Parties:  Going Without New Outfits >   4.  Man Management:  Minor Household Chores Can Wait till After the Game >   5.  Bathroom Etiquette I:   Men Need Space in the Bathroom Cabinet Too >   6.  Bathroom Etiquette II:  His Razor is His >   7.  Communication Skills I:  Tears - The Last Resort, not the First >   8.  Communication Skills II:  Thinking Before Speaking >   9.  Communication Skills III:  Getting What you Want Without Nagging >   10.  Driving a Car Safely:  A Skill you CAN Acquire >   11.  Telephone Skills:  How to Hang Up >   12.  Introduction to Parking >   13.  Advanced Parking:  Backing Into a Space >   14.  Water Retention:  Fact or Fat >   15.  Cooking I:  Bringing Back Bacon, Eggs and Butter >   16.  Cooking II: Bran and Tofu are Not for Human Consumption >   17.  Cooking III:  How not to Inflict Your Diets on Other People >   18.  Compliments:  Accepting Them Gracefully >   19.  PMS:  Your Problem...Not His. >   20.  Dancing:  Why Men Don't Do This >   21.  Classic Clothing 101:  Wearing Outfits you Already Own >   22.  Household Dust:  A Harmless Natural Occurrence Only Women Notice >   23.  Integrating Your Laundry:  Washing it All Together >   24.  Oil And Gas:  Your Car Requires Both >   25.  TV Remotes:  For Men Only > > > 
 Did you take the LSAT and kick its butt already?  I thought you were scheduled to take that recently.  You are probably wishing you have more stuff to study on the weekends. 
 I am forwarding these to you with the condition that you are not allowed to send these to any of your uppity OU cronies.    - TexasFight.jpg - Score+Board.jpg 
 How dare you take such a tone with my counsellor.  You're just bitter that you have squandered all rights to your furniture.  Face it, your furniture likes me better anyway now. 
 GT,  How is it going?  Man, was that an ass-whipping or what that we took from OU.  Looks like we salvaged some dignity with the CU game.  I was planning on coming in for the Missouri game.  I might have my brother and another friend with me.  How are you set for space.  Those guys could crash on the couches, if its not a problem with you.  If it is a problem, just let me know and we can make other arrangements.  Talk at ya later  G 
 Hi Katie,  You guys would love Cozumel.  Short flight, very cheap, and lots of fun.  If any of you Scuba Dive, Cozumel has some of the best diving in the world.  I had a blast down there.  Hope your Stats. class is going OK.  Unfortunately, I think that is one of those classes the just requires more effort than most classes.  Work hasn't been too busy for me lately.  However, I know that will change as we get closer to the end of the year.  I do have a trip to Spain planned for November.  Some friends and I will be going over the Thanksgiving week.  We are flying into Madrid and will also go to Lisbon, Portugal.  Other than that we will work our way around the coast on the South of Spain.  I am really looking forward to it.  Hope everything else is going well for you.  Are you sure you don't want to go for your Phd once you graduate.      : -) 
 Was curious if you heard anything further on this?  I haven't called again. Debating whether I should.  Any plans to go up to Estes anytime soon?     Sharon Snyder <ssnyder@shelton.org> 10/12/2000 02:54 PM 
 Things are going good in legal.  I am getting to work on some interesting stuff.  I just finished working on a compressor deal with Mark Courtney.  It was an asset and finance deal.  I got to work with the finance commercial and legal types and learn quite a bit in a very short time.  It is hard to keep up with the pace and not make a total fool of myself with my lack of knowledge at this point.  Tense but fun.  I didn't see the any of the high school all star games.  I heard Babers and Turner both looked very good in the Texas- California game.  Sounds like they were covering some 6'5" bad asses from California and pretty much shut them down.  At least that most other peoples opinion.  Sounds like Kenny Hayter look pretty good.  Leading Texas rusher.  He sounds like a power runner not a real juker.  I am really worried about the NC State game.  It would suck to lose the home opener, but I think that is a very real possibility.  Their quarterback sounds like a stud and they have some big recievers, ala UCLA.  I still think we will at least go 7-4 probably 9-2 best case.  Your right though.   If we fall flat with 5-6 or something it will slow the momentum Mack is building. I just don't think that will happen.  Mack is too smart and can really get these kids to overchieve.  I think his players believe and are motivated to play hard.  Mackovic only won with offensive schemes and good athletes like James Brown.  When you think about it though, Mack following Mackovic is really going to pay dividends in the long run.  Mack Brown and Greg Davis weren't exactly known for their high powered offense at UNC.  But Mackovic had installed a strong passing game and quarterbacks which Mack and Greg picked right up on.  Now we have kids like Mock, Williams, and Johnson wanting to come here for the offensive scheme alone.  I like it.  It is going to be fun in about 2 years with the quality of kids we are now getting.  I will think about the groups I have worked with and let you know on any areas to go.  I have worked a lot with Larry Lawyer in the finance group and know he is looking work people.  I don't know if this was the same stuff you did in Denver or the same group.   Might be.  Those guys do work a lot of hours.  Almost as bad as attorneys.  I will give it some thought.  Well, all for now.  Keep in touch.  I am glad you are going to be back in Houston.  We will have some fun.  I want to hear all about how much you really like Australian women or more specifically, how much they like you.  G$ 
 Attached is the form for assignment of the CIG and Trailblazer PA.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions.  If everything looks OK, these are ready to forward to CIG, Trailblazer, and Huber for execution. 
 GT,  Right now it will only be me and maybe my brother.  Probably stay both Fri. and Sat. night.      "Townsend, George" <gtownsend@manorisd.net> 10/18/2000 04:23 PM 
 Attached please find the amended and restated Cinergy Marketing and Trading guaranty.  The guaranty has been revised to increase the amount from $9.5 mil to $15 mil.  Please obtain signature by all four managers listed in the signature block.  If you have any questions, please call me at 853-3512. 
 Attached for your execution and distribution is the amended and restated Unocal Energy Trading, Inc. guaranty.  The amount has been increased from $5 mil to $10 mil and Union Oil Company of California has been added as a counterparty.  If you have any questions, please contact me at 853-3512. 
 Attached for your review is the Huber capacity release and re-release agreement.  Please provide comments.  I will forward the revised Huber transaction agreements shortly. 
 Attached are redlines of the restated Huber confirms with the netting language we discussed.  Please review and lets discuss. 
 Kay,  Please see the attached.  Thanks. 
 Mike, I reviewed the pages to the site you provided.  My only comment right now is that the correct name of the pipeline is "Houston Pipe Line Company". Note the Pipe Line is two words.  Everything else looks fine.  We will be getting back with you on the site access agreement. 
 Mark,  Attached are riders to be added to the CIG  Confidentiality Agreement.  Please forward these for review to the proper persons at Coastal.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 We should again nominate to NWPL .  In our nomination we can state that if Wildhorse again wrongfully rejects our nom to NWPL, we then nominate to Questar solely to mitigate damages.  I can draft the appropriate letter.  Joan or Ken,  Will the nominations be done via the web site?  Do we have the information to nominate to NWPL via the website?     "Ken" <kckrisa@apex2000.net> 10/23/2000 08:57 AM Please respond to kckrisa 
 I Love You! 
 Audrey,  Attached is a term sheet that Barbara Gray prepared some time back for the OE agreement.  Please review.  How does tomorrow afternoon look for you.  About 2:00 pm. 
 Wednesday works for me.  Morning would be a good time for me.     Audrey O'Neil 10/23/2000 01:58 PM 
 Ken,  Our position has been that Wildhorse doesn't have the right to curtail our volumes since we have a first que position.  We could draft the letter such that we demand to send 100% of our gas to NWPL.  In the event that Wildhorse would only accept noms. 50% (or some portion) of this gas to NWPL, we would nominate the remainder to Questar to mitigate Wildhorse's damages. Once they accept the nom to NWPL, they have a first que obligation to move it there.  From a practical standpoint, if Wildhorse curtailed us to NWPL (to our protest) after they had accepted our noms., I understand this would cause problems.  However, if we nominate gas to Questar when Wildhorse is willing to accept a nom to NWPL, we would potentially be waiving damages there.      "Ken" <kckrisa@apex2000.net> 10/23/2000 02:37 PM Please respond to kckrisa 
 Hi Janel,  We have a couple of things on the agenda.  Friday night is Fastball at the Engine Room.  We plan on meeting on W. Alabama Ice House prior to the show.  Doors open at 9 pm so we will probably be at the Ice House around 7 ish for free dogs and cold beer.  Saturday is The Buzz Monster Mash with the Toadies.  Some placed called Americas near Enron Field.  Never heard of it.  There are about 3 other bands. Vallejo, and two others I can't remember.  Show starts at 7 pm.  Tickets are still available for both shows through ticketmaster.  There are about 4 to 5 people going, including myself and Eric as the foundation.  If you guys are interested in either or both, more people would be kickin.  Let me know.      Janel Guerrero@ENRON 10/24/2000 08:31 AM 
 No acid rock, just good easy listening tunes.  Fastball had the hit about 2 years ago called The Way.  Toadies; they just rock.  We will probably dress as under-appreciated, under-paid and fairly disinterested attorneys.     Janel Guerrero@ENRON 10/24/2000 10:58 AM 
 I would be happy to handle this, unless you want to.  Let me know.  Thanks. 
 Can you place these on my calendar please.  Thanks. 
 Dave,  Attached is a rough draft of the letter we discussed.  The right to match option is a little less drastic than the "saving sharing" we discussed.  The savings sharing is a little more problematic to enforce.  We can discuss though, if that is really the way you want to go.  Please review and lets discuss. 
 Attached for your review is a form of assignment for the Trailblazer Precedent Agreement between ENA and Trailblazer.  This assigns the PA from ENA to J.M. Huber Corporation. 
 A note from Bieraugel.  We need to go out and see these guys when we get a chance.  Hang in there.  Things will start to come around, it is just going to take some time. 
 FYI 
 Are you sure you want to take such a bold stand?  You are kind of throwing= =20 monkeys to the wind.  Actually isn't NU red and OU crimson. 
 Chris,  Attached is a redlined of the revised ENA - Lost Creek IT Agreement. The changes you noted are incorporated.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions.  If this is acceptable I can print executables.  Let me know.  Thanks. 
 Attached are redlines of the revised Capacity Release Agreement and the Revised Transaction No. 2.  Please review. 
 Mark,  As far as I know, this hasn't been delivered to TW yet.  If you could print this on paper with an Enron Logo only.   I already have the ECS header on the document.  Steve Harris would be the right party.      Mark Knippa 10/30/2000 08:31 AM 
 Attached is a draft letter to Wildhorse for our noms. in November.  The letter again reserves all our rights.  Please review.  Mark,  Is the cc list still correct? 
 Ken,  Attached is the letter with a few slight revisions.  We added Bob Mustard to the cc list.  We are all ok with this version.  If you are fine with this please fax and mail hard copy as we have done before.  If you have any questions, feel free to call me at (713) 853-3512. 
 I am currently working on the draft GTC and revised product descriptions. Should have draft by tommorrow.    Carlos Alatorre@ENRON 10/30/2000 09:51 AM 
 Hi Sophie,  I like the sound of the Trifle described in your email to Mark.  I will have extra Sherry on mine.  How is it going?  I had a great time at the party in Austin and hanging with you at the Brown Bar.  I am not sure what I was thinking toward the end of the evening by mixing Tequila and Cranberry, but I guess you have to get creative when the circumstances require.    I was moving a little slow the next day and drive back to Houston wasn't quite as pleasant.  Did you have a good weekend?  I didn't do anything real exciting for the weekend before Halloween.  Went to a concert that had 4 bands.  One of them is a band from Austin called Vallejo.  Heard of them?  Now tell me the truth.  Do you really like Yorkshire Pudding?  Drop me a line when you get a chance.  Gerald 
 T-shirt size:  X-large. 
 Thought you might find the attached interesting.  I don't know if any of the people you are talking to are on this list, but might be worth checking. 
 My comments are redlined into the doc.. 
 Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached for review are a draft of the GTC and Product Description for the transport capacity transactions on EOL.  Please review and provide comments.  Carl, If you want to meet to discuss, just let me know when. 
 Please see attached.  Thanks 
 Ken,      Attached is the CA with my comments. 
 A few interesting deals.  Working on some products for Enron's B2B internet trading site.  "www.enrononline.com"  The site was actually developed out of our London office.  Enron House is right next door to Buckingham Palace. Some other trading deals as well.  I usually get a pretty mixed bag of projects to work.  It has been very busy the last couple of days.  Sophie Therapy?  That sounds extremely interesting.  Is it good for most of your normal life crisis type issues?  I might need some now and again.  I know you probably told at the party, but as you remember my mental state was not clearest it could have been.  Are you a student at UT Law?  Forgive me for my mental lapses.  OK, I have had Yorkshire Pudding and all I remember was a bland bread type substance.  Now the beef, vegetables, and potatoes sounds good to me but not sure about the Yorkshire.  Might help to wash it down with a nice pint.  Take care, Gerald.    "Sophie Davenport" <sophiedavenport@hotmail.com> 10/31/2000 10:31 AM 
 I revised paragraph 11.  Let me know if it addresses your concerns. 
 I will be attending the lunch on Wednesday for Crescendo. 
 Pat,  I will be out Nov. 17, 21, 22, 23, 27.      Pat Radford 11/02/2000 11:30 AM 
 Jackie,  Could you have the Entex Contract the Mike mentions pulled and forwarded to me.  Thanks. 
 I actually knew all of that information!  I was just checking your story to make sure it was consistent with what you told me that night.  Everything seems to be in order.  Good!      "Sophie Davenport" <sophiedavenport@hotmail.com> 11/01/2000 07:10 PM 
 If we did sign it prior to getting bank approval, we would likely have to make the WIC portion of the release, subject to the bank approval.  Otherwise Huber could be put into the position of having the obligations but being unable to complete it obligation due to a WIC process out of Huber's control.  But assuming that was done, I don't see why we couldn't sign the agreement now.      Mark Whitt@ENRON Sent by: Mark Whitt@ENRON 11/02/2000 05:42 PM 
 I haven't answered him yet.  I just plan to let him know that the contracts should be executed next week with the capacity release to occur thereafter. Any thoughts? 
 Mike,  Still working on it.  Should have a draft by late Monday or Tuesday. Sorry about the delay.      Michael Eiben 11/03/2000 09:17 AM 
 Ron,  Attached is the assignment with my change redlined.  If you want to discuss, please contact me at (713) 853-3512.  Thanks. 
 FYI.  We are currently executing a CA with Tom Brown to begin review of the system for a possible purchase by Crescendo or Enron North America. 
 That is it!  I don't know the how and when, but I intend to devote the rest of my life to bringing down Stoops and the OU football program.  You will rue the day my friend.     Paul.Pfeffer@bakerbotts.com 11/06/2000 08:24 AM 
 I will remove the open season reference.  Some pipeline tariffs do refer to open season for capacity release, but it may cause confusion so probably to remove it.  The terms you referenced are defined in the product description.  The EOL access agreement makes it clear that the product description is binding on the counterparty.     Colleen Sullivan 11/06/2000 12:42 PM 
 Attached are a redlined revised version of the GTC and the Product Description based on our comments discussions of the previous versions. Carlos, I made a few slight changes to the product description you sent earlier today   Please review. 
 Russell,  The 2nd Huber transaction was executed and Huber is contractually bound to take assignment of the transportation.  We have gotten approval of the assignment form from the Pipeline and expect to execute the assignments and capacity release documents with Huber next week.  The capacity release document just specifies the details of the capacity release.  Huber is bound by the 2nd transaction to accept our release.    I will let you know when these sets of documents are executed.  Let me know if you have any questions.      Russell Diamond 11/03/2000 11:08 AM 
 Ken,  Attached is the form of ROW Agreement and Exhibit B that goes along with it. 
 I am composing this as we speak.  Should have a draft shortly.      Michael J Legler@ENRON Sent by: Michael J Legler@ENRON 11/06/2000 08:32 AM 
 Carlos,  Made one change.  Wanted to be clear that Buyer's bid shall reflect the Contract Price, Period of Delivery etc.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Attached are redlines of the latest revisions.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Mark,  Attached is the final GTC and  product description for our capacity release EOL product. 
 Hi Marsha,    How is it going?  Nothing really exciting since Cabo.  Just work.  I am about to go to Spain for  8 days.  Should be fun.  Amazingly, I may be going back to Cabo in December for a business trip.  Don't ask me how I pulled that off.  Are you ready to go back and use your time share?   Good to hear from you.  Tell Shannon hello.  Take care.     Marsha Lybra <make_up_pro@yahoo.com> 11/06/2000 06:17 PM 
 Attached is the final version of the GTC for the EOL Capacity Release. 
 Carlos,  Looks fine to me.  Thanks. 
 Hi Melissa,  Thanks for the call.  I thought it might be easier to communicate via email since we are both kind of difficult to reach via phone.  Sounds like they keep you busy at V&E.  Yes, I do work for Enron.  I am an attorney for Enron North America in gas and power origination.   I actually worked with some attorney's from V&E on a couple of asset financing deals we did about a year ago.  Terry Yates and David Keyes.  Joel Ephross also worked on those deals, but he is now at Enron in our Global Finance Legal Group.  Sounds like you have worked alot on Enron deals.  I know we keep you guys pretty loaded with work.  Who are your Enron contacts?  Enron is a big place, but I might know them.  Lunch sounds great.  The 14th works for me.  Any preferences as to location?  In case you were wondering about how Ann Wukasch and I know each other; Ann and I met at my sister's wedding in Colorado.  My sister and Ann are good friends and work at the same school in Dallas.   Ann is a trip!   Gerald 
 Attached is a redline with the changes per my discussion with Colleen. Please review. 
 Greg,  Attached is a draft of interconnect agreement form based on the discussion we had yesterday.  I left the reimbursement provision open with only placeholder language that indicated they will be paying for the interconnect in some form.  I made some assumptions about equipment that either party would install, however this can easily be changed.  I didn't draft any credit language in the agreement.  I think this would be best handle by simply having our credit department review these guys and if they are worried about them, we should require them to make an upfront payment before we buy or build anything.  Take a look at the draft and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Revised GTC 
 Attached is the revised GTC based on the latest discussion concerning secondary points.  Attached is a clean and redlined version. 
 One more revision to the GTC.  Few changes based on my discussion with Carl this morning.  I have attached a clean and redlined copy.  The redline is compared against the version prior to the secondary point discussion for Colleen's benefit.  I am fine to run with this copy from a legal perspective unless Dick or Colleen had any comments. 
 Eric, The agreement needs to be bi-directional.  The subject is an exchange of information concerning Petroglyph's transportation contract Colorado Interstate Gas Company.  Paul is going to provide the date of the contract and the contract #. 
 Sorry for the delay.  Please review the attached draft.  If it looks OK we can send to Ken for execution.        Joan Quick 11/09/2000 01:38 PM 
 Let me just start by saying that if you to knuckleheads (Eric and Jen) would spend less time obsessing about my hair and more time working on your house, then maybe you would have a kitchen that didn't look like it belongs on Bob Vila's "This Old House".  Second, the style of my hair is not a pomp, as you "commoners" like to refer.  Once we arrive in Madrid, the Madrilenos will recognize me at once as royalty and I should be running that country inside of 2 days.  Matt,  If you are still gassy by next week, you will be rooming with Eric and Jen.     jennifer-gillaspie@reliantenergy.com 11/09/2000 02:56 PM 
 By the way, it should be "two knuckleheads" instead of "to". 
 Attached is the draft.  Please review.  I left a question about the cash-out index.  Please let me know what is appropriate. 
 Miyako sounds great.  Why don't we meet there at 12:00.  I didn't get to know Terry that well.  I was pretty green at that point. That was actually the first deal I worked on when I got to legal.  I went to law school a little later in life.  I have been practicing for about 2 years.  Terry reminded me of an absent minded professor.  He had this pair of glasses that during the course of the deal, they became more and more broken down.  By the end, one of the ear pieces was missing and they barely stayed on his face.  At the closing dinner Enron bought him a new pair of glasses.  South America.  That sounds pretty interesting, ever travel down there?      "Beckworth, Melissa" <mbeckworth@velaw.com> 11/09/2000 11:59 AM 
 Joan,  I am going to make your noted change and forward executables to Crescendo.     Joan Quick 11/09/2000 04:19 PM 
 Tommorrow at 2:00 or later works for me.  Thanks 
 Mark,  Attached are clean versions of the set of documents to be executed by Huber.      The following are redlines copies of the documents that were changed from our prior versions.       Mark,  A couple of notes:  1.  In the capacity release agreement - Are the volumes specified in Section 2.1 correct?  Or do these need to be grossed up for fuel? 2.  In Section 2.4, I took out any requirement of Huber to release WIC Capacity back to ENA if the start date under the purchase agreement occurs later than the start of the term of the WIC Capacity Release from ENA to Huber which we will effectuate soon.  Is this correct? 
 Hey,  Yes, I am still headed to Spain.  I am actually leaving on Friday, so I need to get those tickets to you pretty soon.  Let me know what days you are in town this week.  The 8th works for me. Where is the Duke party this year?  G      kjobrien@duke-energy.com 11/10/2000 01:24 PM 
 Attached is a clean and redlined version of the IT Agreement.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
 Mark,  Attached are documents for the Huber Transaction 
 Attached are the redlined docs for the docs with changes.  I made some more changes to the Capacity Release doc to clean several items up. 
 Redline of the changes we discussed. 
 It would probably be easiest for me to mail them to you.  What is your address?      kjobrien@duke-energy.com 11/13/2000 02:04 PM 
 FYI,  This is how the capacity release product will look on EOL. 
 Mary,  Thanks for the invite to the Open House.  Unfortunately, I will be out of the country on vacation next week.  Have a Happy Thanksgiving. 
 You are very welcome!  I enjoyed it.  Thanks for the name of the city.  We will probably be in Lisbon 2 days, so we'll try to check it out.  Thanksgiving in Spain/Portugal should be interesting?  Probably won't be able to find turkey, dressing, or american football anywhere.   Any fun plans for the Thanksgiving holiday?     "Beckworth, Melissa" <mbeckworth@velaw.com> 11/14/2000 02:49 PM 
 Works for me.  Thanks. 
 Hey that sounds like a better idea.  I will give the tickets to Shawna today.  I have them in my briefcase.  You can give me the $$ later.  The tickets are $40 each.      kjobrien@duke-energy.com 11/14/2000 11:59 AM 
 Attached is a redline with my comments.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Barbara,  Bullet Point List of Major Accomplishments:  1st Half of 2000  *  Project Gallup - Compression Services Structure and Financing in 1st Quarter - $4.8 mil income to Upstream Origination  *  NNG Hubbard Restructure - Compression Services Restructure of Existing Deal - $1.3 mil of income to Upstream Origination  2nd Half of 2000  *  Project 20/20 - Assisted Shonnie with asset sale transaction - 3rd Quarter  - $78.8 mil income  *  Crescendo Energy, L.L.C. - Working to resolve or restructure gathering deal with Wildhorse - Ongoing  *  New Capacity Release Transportation Production for EOL (Drafted GTC and Product Description and worked with credit and risk management) - Went online Nov. 14th.  *  Huber Transaction - Long Term Firm Purchase Agreement signed.  Capacity Release and Transportation Assignment Agreements expected to be signed by next week - Expected income of $7 mil in 4th Quarter  Other Ongoing Activities:  HPL Transport Off-System Transport (Transport Agreements and Precedent Agreements) Interconnect Agreements 
 Attached for your review is a redlined version of the agreement with my comments. 
 Paul,  Attached is a draft of the Temporary Assignment and Amended of the Sandia Agreement.  Please review.  Sorry for the delay. 
 Hey Melissa,  I am trying desperately to do everything I need to before I leave tomorrow. We are in the middle of performance reviews at Enron and I have to review about 10 others that I work with.  These are not easy to complete, but I guess I'll get through them.  Wanted to wish you a Happy Thanksgiving before I left.  Have fun in FW and at the game.  That is the hardest part of going to Spain right now.  I sold my tickets to the game, but I will be there in spirit.  We ought to go get some dinner after I get back.  I will be back next Monday.  Hopefully I won't have any disaster vacation stories of the type you told me at lunch!  Take care,  Gerald 
 Hello!  Yes, I leave for Spain tomorrow at 1:30.  We arrive in Madrid about 8 am on Sat. Morning.  We will be in Madrid a couple of days, then spend our time in some towns south of Madrid for about 3 days.    The last couple of days we will be in Lisbon, Portugal.  Back in Houston next Monday.    Should be a good time.  I will let you guys know all about it at Christmas time.  Sounds like yall had a fun trip to Big Bend.  I have wanted to see the McDonalds Observatory.  That sounds pretty cool.  Anyway,  thanks for the updates and I will talk to you as soon as I get back.  Gerald      Edward Nemec <ednemec@earthlink.net> 11/16/2000 10:40 AM 
 I'm back.  I will review and comment on their responses.      Mark Knippa 11/27/2000 11:11 AM 
 Thanks for handling this while I was out.      Roger Balog 11/17/2000 03:26 PM 
 Mark,  I made the change in attached note.  Let me know if you need anything else. 
 GT  I was actually in Spain all of Thanksgiving week.  Took a little vacation time.    That game sounds like it was an awesome one.  Nothing better than beating the f#$% out of the ags.  What's going on with you brother.  G     "Townsend, George" <gtownsend@manorisd.net> 11/21/2000 10:02 AM 
 I have not received this back yet.  I will call Ken today.     Joan Quick 11/28/2000 04:27 PM 
 Ken,  I sent, via fedex, an agency agreement to you a couple of weeks ago. The agreement appointed ENA as Crescendo's agent to nominate and resolve allocations and imbalances on Wildhorse's system.  Wanted to see if you have reviewed and executed yet? 
 Attached is a letter to Wildhorse consenting to the assignment of Crescendo's gathering agreements from Wildhorse to Tom Brown.  The letter reserves all our rights for Wildhorse's breach.  Also attached is a letter for December nominations into Questar reserving our rights.  Please review and provide any comments. 
 The letter looks fine Nicole.  Only checked it for form and not substance since I didn't have the agreement to which it is referring.      Nicole Cortez@ENRON Sent by: Nicole Cortez@ENRON 11/30/2000 11:20 AM 
 Attached is the letter.  Please review.  I am still giving it one read over. 
 I made one small change, but this one is ready to go as far as I am concerned. 
 The attached redline document includes the various language changes we discussed today and some other small changes.  These are in addition to the action items that EES was going to pursue. 
 This is the latest draft.  EES is also making some further changes (discussed yesterday) which aren't reflected in this version. 
 I am glad you asked me to lunch today.  I do enjoy spending time with you even though at times it is tough and our conversations are hard right now.  I do Love You so much and have a Vision. 
 Jere,  I have the confidentiality agreements fully executed on our side.  What is your address, so I can forward to you for execution by Tri-State.  Thanks. 
 Hi MB,  Not sure if you are in the office this week, but if you are, wanted to see if you would want to meet for a drink after work today? 
 Mark,  I reviewed the CSA for our obligations.  They are as follows:  1.  ECS will work with the Utility in good faith to establish the online monitoring automatic load controlling system for the No. 21 Schedule.  2.  If the online system can not be established, then ECS will work with TW to develop a manual system to accomplish the same.  ECS will keep TW whole on any costs for incremental manpower required for such manual system.  This provision was written very generally.      Mark Knippa 12/01/2000 10:45 AM 
 I have reviewed the Oneok Westex Transmission Agreement.  The only comment I have is that the daily balance cashout requirements in Section F of the General Terms and Conditions seem very burdensome.  This is really a business call, but the 5% tolerance or cashout everyday might be difficult to maintain.  I will leave that to you to decide Stacey.  I am OK with everything else. 
 I can't hear you!! La La La La La La La..................... 
 No problem.  I figured you weren't feeling well.  Sorry to hear that you are still sick.  You might want to call the doc.  I have been able to described my symptoms to her before and she usually calls in a prescription for me (Antibiotics or similar).  Good luck with Global Markets.  Sounds like you had a lot of good opportunities.  I think you will learn a lot by trading which will make you a better originator if you ever want to go back to origination.  I am pretty open right now for lunch.  Maybe Wednesday.  Let me know.      Lisa Nemec 12/04/2000 09:14 AM 
 Just wanted to drop you a note and let you know I made it back safe and sound from Spain.  Spain is really a neat country.  Very charming.  So I got James' name huh?  Who got my name in the drawing?  When is everyone coming in for the holiday?  I am planning on coming down the 23rd. 
 Dan,  Any input you have on this contract would be appreciated. 
 I will draft a letter to Wildhorse concerning the pressure situation.  We have previously sent a demand letter on Sept. 29 for pressure data for the 3 year period, with no response from Wildhorse.  We need to reinforce the curtailment that the high pressure is causing the resultant loss of profits. I will circulate the letter for review by the group before sending. 
 Attached is my revised letter.  Please call with any questions. 
 Attached is a clean and redlined version with my changes.   Please note the following:  1.  I added back the limitation on damage provision I originally had.  We need to be clear that the remedies specified in the amendment are the only remedies. 2.  Changed both Seller and Buyer Minimum Volume Obligations to be consistent with each other.  The amendment for the Powder River contract should reflect the same.  Please contact me at (713) 853-3512 if you would like to discuss. 
 Attached is the revised letter based on Chris' voicemail on Friday.  I also added a 30 day window during which ENAP must provide the data to Enron. Please review and let me know if you have any questions.  Note that we still need to legal entity's name from the South America office. 
 We settled up on the tix.  You gave me some cash.  We're good.  I have never been to Acapulco.  The only place on the Pacific side I have been to is Cabo.  Most people that have been to Acapulco really like it though.  Don't worry about the end of the evening.  Strange things always happen at 6 am after we have been up all night.  Forget about it.  Have fun in Mississippi.      kjobrien@duke-energy.com 12/10/2000 07:10 PM 
 Alan,  Attached is a redline version of the assignment with the changes we discussed.  I also added the geographic location difference language to the Buyer's Daily Obligation section to make it bi-lateral.  Let me know if you have any questions (713) 853-3512. 
 Attached is a list of the contracts which I don't have copies. 
 Brant,  The attached doc. contains Hess Energy Trading Company, LLC's comments to our guaranty form with our responses.  Please forward as appropriate.  I would be happy to discuss our comments with Hess if they so desire. 
 Attached for your review is the revised Huber Confirm for Transaction No. 1. 
 Attached is a clean and redline version. 
 Larry,  I am working with Robert Morgan to get the proper approvals at Bridgeline and I will insure that the proper approvals are obtained from Enron.     "Lawrence J. Hand, Jr." <lhand@lemle.com> 12/12/2000 01:06 PM 
 Attached is a redline and clean version of the revised confirm.  Please disregard prior version of the confirm.  The changes reflect the new Precedent Agreement with Trailblazer. 
 Attached are the executables forms of assignments.  All of your attorney's changes were accepted.  Note that the assignment for the Wind River Contract No. 124620 is assigned for the period from Jan 1, 2001 to May 31, 2001.  The other contract is assigned for Dec. 1, 2000 thru March 31, 2001.  Let me know if you have any questions (713) 853-3512.   Please print three executables of each assignment.  Thanks. 
 I will be revising the Capacity Release and Agreement and the existing Trailblazer Assignment that Huber currently has to reflect the Transaction just completed today.  Mark,  you probably should make Huber aware of this if they are not already so.  Thanks.      Chris Meyer 12/13/2000 04:41 PM 
 Hey Melissa,  Are you back from Brazil yet?  Hope they didn't work you too hard down there.  Drop me a line when you get a chance. 
 Attached is a draft of a nonbinding letter for use to submit the indicative bid to Wildhorse.  Please review and provide any comments. 
