eekend, 
 yes 
 cant find them 
 Thanks for you help Tom,  I will be in touch. 
 Dan Carrie (214-875-9351) is the accountant at TXU that will have wire information. 
 no big deal. but i do agree that UBS will have a hard time re establishing. what is the name of that real tall guy that worked with you? and does he still work with UBS? 
 i figure by next week it should be good and sold off, i might get flat into the fourth of july, because if there isnt a terriost attack, the monkeys will come back and buy it 
 did you read the wall journal 
 why 
 Morris, I am about to sell storage inventory and would like to know what, if any, federal tax liabilities we may have.  Thanks, Joe 39636 
 Greg A. Swidensky [gaswidensky@duke-energy.com] 
 is it? 2.389 was the april contract settle yesterday. 
 Hey, Stuart is recommending we proceed without hearing from Duke. Could you send me a copy of what you have. Any questions, give me a call 3-9636  Joe 
 does  anyone know what the hell they are doing? 
 call me when you get a minute 
 Jennifer, if Randy has updated the user list. I would like to set up a login and password. Let me know. Thanks, Joe 
 very well 
 Per the gas purchase agreement between Williams Energy and Pondarosa Pines Energy Partners Ltd., formerly known as Tenaska IV Texas Partners Ltd.,  Pondarosa Pines Energy Partners will not take supplies for the month of March. 
 my life is mesireable enough, if i am going to go out and be with friends. i dont want to go to fag hang out. find another spot! 
 yes, according to chet's co-worker 
 so your proposing we are going to the stabbing cabin. go to tampico 
 pussy 
 Hey, do you think I should ask Centana if they will want to use some of the storage gas to offset the new issue. 
 attached is the auction info 
  there are a couple, another name theressa, i think 
 yes 
 dont know, sorry 
 Lynnette		310-789-2317 
 i usually go at lunch, but can go arround 4-430 at the park. when you want 
 OK 
 4pm ECS 04010 
 any preference? 
 This is what I have from ICE. Take a look it may be something we should do. 
 what about swim lessons. let me know if they are going thursday, because of the potential outing thurs 
 How about 4pm? 
 If you are in town, I would like to set up a meeting sometime today to finalize the document. Joe 39636 
 220 for the 25th 
 robin barbie, i dont think so, should be back monday, why? 
 i think she has gone home. 
 yo, how are things going 
 Jennifer, I did not get the attachment, did you mean to forward it to me? 
 thanks for the confidence, you are assuming i will have a job. 
 yep, i wasnt expecting it this soon. 
 ask him for a 15-30day extention 
 TAKE A LOOK AT THESE FOR ME. THANKS. 
 once again, we wait on the lawyers. 
  thanks 
 whats your point you can trade, i cant. 
 I believe you have everything 
 Thanks for fowarding my resume. Let me know if you have any questions.   Thanks  Joe 
 whenever 
 sounds like a silverhouse. not to mention that is "the hood." 
 check this out 
 did you every get any info on that trailer? 
 intc- breaks 31.38 projects to 26, lower gaps 28.95-26.77, 23.35-23.20 
 hey, if you get a chance to bring it up, i would be curious if tom martin would consider bringing me up. 
 so anyone going! 
 hey stick, Kim has informed me that there is a trailer going for auction in the stolen property auction on march 9. she will have more details next week. 
 OR DA FOOL 
 pulled the trigger on the march 45puts. we will see 
 OH, THE MIDDLE EAST NOT HELPING EITHER 
 sold this weekend gas at $2 
 THANKS FOR YOUR HELP 
  you ll like this one too 
 send me that article about invasion of Iraq 
 where/when should we meet 
 no 
 not sure, meet you in the lobby? 
 on the fourth floor 
 you watch any of sharron watkins. she does paint a pretty picture. hows it going? 
 Received your email and have forwarded on for approval. I will get back with you as soon as I hear back. 
 damn your good 
 give them a once over 
 Gerald Centana is sending me a draft of their proposal.  Would you like me to forward you a copy or is there someone else I should send it to? Let me know. Thanks Joe 
 over the hedge, off the brick wall, nothing but neck 
   made some changes to the transaction summary, am i on the right track? please hold my hand, stuart scares me and i dont want to mess up again, he is not nice 
 you let me have access to girl man Myers? 
 stu said he would get with chip 
 i was told by ed that we would not need a batch funding request to sell gas against post petition. 
 Your boy Hugh didn't answer. Left a message and told him to call if he had any questions. 
 they are all worth it, every penny. keep in touch let me know how things are going 
 95 
 marked some gaps on the continuations 
 smells like could be headed for a hire interest rate environment, providing we have any type of economic growth 
 THIS IS AN INTEREST STATEMENT "foreigners want to add to their holdings of US assets when they already hold 11% of the US equity market, 21% of corporate bonds and 36% of the Treasury market?" 
 your famous, you made the list. I do believe it is incomplete. How are things? http://salon.com/politics/feature/2002/02/08/enron_list/index.html 
 I would remove it completely 
 Hey, if you have not already done it, remove Centana from your cash flow. 
 NEVER MIND, THE SALE IS OFF 
 We sold 753,250 of the Centana invetory at a price of 2.0975 per MMBTU to Centana, via in ground transfer. 
 Thanks i almost gave it away. 
 in case you care. I agreed with Centana to sell the 748552mmbtu tomorrow morning. so lets hope some lawyer doesn't get in the way 
 i am thinking 87-90 on DIA, however you manage your own theta. if i see something that really scares me i will let you know 
 I would like to terminate my membership to The Bodyshop effective immediately. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me.  Thank you, Joseph H Parks, Jr 832-851-2821 
 Jim, do you think we want to be in the middle here, it might be cleaner to send the money back to el paso 
 hey, why get in the middle. its not our responsibility to get AEP their money. Don't you think it would be cleaner to just give it back to EL Paso. 
 just got it 
 Paul Paul, thanks for forwarding my resume to Tom.  I met with him and several other nice people over there this afternoon. They seem like a great group to work with. The position sounds very interesting and like it would be a good opportunity.  Hopefully, something will work out. Again, I really appreciate your efforts.   Thanks Joe 
 LOWER, however it doesnt break soon. it will consolidate. dont see any big rallies or major pull backs 
 no , let me get a few more questions answered. than we will put it back on. However if you think we should, go ahead. 
 Phil, lets take Centana off the forcast. I dont think anything is going to happen that fast. 
 Margie, that time works with my schedule. Let me know when it is finalized. Thanks, Joe 
 SPOKE WITH CENTANA, HE HAS TOLD ME THAT HE IS WILLING TO LET ME SELL SOME OF THE INVENTORY. HE HAS STATED THAT HE WILL WANT TO KEEP SOME OF THE INVENTORY AS COLLATERAL FOR PRE AND POST PETITION DEMAND  FEES. 
 HOW TO GROW MOLLYPOPS. FENNER HOUSEHOLD DOES A SWAP WITH MOLLYPOPS, AN LLC FOR FORWARD PRODUCTS,.  OF COURSE RECONIZE IT AS INCOME TO MOLLYPOPS, AND THAN THE FENNERS GET A SMALL BUSINESS LOAN TO PAY FOR THE SWAP, USE YOUR HOUSE AS COLATERAL. OF COURSE YOU WILL HAVE TO MEET THE 3% NON CONSOLIDATION RULE TO KEEP YOUR PERSONNEL AND BUSINEES AFFAIRS SEPERATE. YOU COULD GET e TO PUT UP 1000, AND ASSIGN HIM MAJORITY OF THE PARTNERSHIP. AND TO MAKE HIM FEEL BETTER, YOU COULD SET UP A RESEVRE ACCOUNT TO PROTECT HIS INVESTMENT. OH YOU MIGHT HAVE TO GARUNANTEE HIM A 15% RETURN. 
 ISNT ANDERSON YOUR AUDITOR? IS THAT A CONFLICT?  YOU SHOULD READ SOME OF THE POWERS REPORT. UNBELIEVEABLE! 
 dont know who that is. i can find out if you want me too. I know a few people in RAC. things arround here still suck. i am doing a little stock trading and trying to find a job. basically doing the bare minimum to keep the paycheck 
 you use your tongue prettier than a two dollar whore 
 Get your read pin out 
 http://www.thestreet.com/_yahoo/markets/marketfeatures/10007673.html  Thought you might find this interesting. 
 HEY FOOL, YOU THOUGHT COLUMBIA WAS BAD, THIS SHIT SUCKS ELEPHANT BALLS. 
 T he first detailed allegations that Enron abused mark-to-market accounting to hide wholesale trading losses have emerged in congressional testimony pro-vided by a professor and former deriva-tives trader who reviewed the Enron case for Senate Governmental Affairs Com-mittee. Those charges, along with allega-tions that have surfaced that mark-to-market accounting was misused by Enron Energy Services, the company's retail energy and services unit, are expected to support the push by accounting rulemak-ers for much more disclosure on mark-to-market accounting practices and the impact of mark-to-market accounting on earnings trading firms' earnings. In testimony Thursday before the Senate Governmental Affairs Committee last week, Frank Partnoy of the Universi-ty of San Diego Law School, said it appears that Enron traders mismarked forward curves and manipulated the amount of profits and losses that would be reported in financial statements. "In a nutshell, it appears that some Enron employees used dummy accounts and rigged valuation methodologies to cre-ate false profit-and-loss entries for the deriv-atives Enron traded," said Partnoy, who reviewed the case over several weeks at the committee's request. "It appears that Enron traders selectively mismarked their forward curves, typically in order to hide losses." "Traders are compensated based on their profits," he observed, "so if a trader can hide losses by mismarking forward curves, he or she is likely to receive a larger bonus." Partnoy said mismarking forward curves was not the only problem. "For each trade," he testified, "a trader would report either a profit or loss, typically in spreadsheet format. These profit-and-loss reports were designed to reflect economic reality. Frequently they did not. Instead of recording the entire profit for a trade in one column, some traders reportedly split the profit from a trade into two columns. The first column reflected the portion of the actual profits the trader intended to add to Enron's cur-rent financial statements. The second col-umn, ironically labeled the 'prudency' reserve, included the remainder." Partnoy told the committee that in his estimation, "Enron's 'prudency' reserves did not depict economic reality, nor could they have been intended to do so. Instead, 'prudency' was a slush fund that could be used to smooth out profits and losses over time. The portion of prof-its recorded as 'prudency' could be used to offset any future losses," he said. He recommended that investigators question Enron employees who were involved in these transactions "to get a sense of whether my summaries are complete." Alleged Enron abuses of mark-to-market accounting emerge 
 figures 
 have you gotten a response 
 do you have znaders email 
 HEY, JUST CHECKING TO SEE IF YOU SPOKE WITH  RANDY. HOW WAS THE CIRCUS? 
 YES STILL EMPLOYED. JUST TRIED TO CALL YOU. GIVE ME A BUZZ. 713-853-9636 
 GOT YOUR MESSAGE AND HEAR YOUR COMING INTO TOWN. LET ME KNOW WHAT YOUR PLANS ARE. BELOW ARE MY NUMBERS SO YOU DONT FORGET TO CALL. CALL MY CELL, ITS ALWAYS ON. ALSO MY HOME EMAIL ADDRESS FOR FUTURE REFERENCE.  HM 713-993-7171 CELL 713-408-7962 WRK 713-853-9636  JPARKS1@HOUSTON.RR.COM 
 got yor message, i am meeting greg at molinas. call me on my cell if you need me, 
 LOWER, GOT SHORT THIS MORNING (qqq) 
 you guys off to the races or what 
 the nymex prices are as of yesterday's settle. let me know if you need anything else. 
 your meat is ready 
 install v4.0 build 23, follow old instructions to move files, than install build 27 
 Thanks. Let me know if you can show me a FGT2 and Sonat Feb physical basis. 
 Thanks. Let me know if you can show me a FGT2 and Sonat Feb physical basis. 
 http://compaqhoustonmarathon.com/  GO TO THE SITE AND FIND THE MAP 
 Yes, they might be a logical choice. 
 congradulations 
 http://energycommerce.house.gov/107/news/layletter.pdf   chet what does this mean 
 thank you 
 *If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea.......does that mean that one > > of them enjoys it? 
 did nt make that cut 
 bored, would you like to come to work with me 
 hey , give me a call when you get a minute  joe 39636 
 However they want to price it, we would like to have trigger rights( the ability to fix the price). 
 Ed,  In my conversations with Andy Edling at NGPL, he indicated to me that NGPL is  unwilling to allow us to permanently release ENA storage contracts to a third party. He is  recommending that we work out a capacity release arrangement with a third party.  Joe 
 Steve, could you please review this document.  Thanks Joe 
 no, dont know, call Ricky 281-820-8205, is that deseal price to high 
 whats feders # 
 WHEN WILL WE KNOW HOW THE WINNER IS? 
 jparks1@houston.rr.com 
 home email is jparks1@houston.rr.com 
 I SHOULD BE AT MY DESK MOST OF THE DAY, GIVE ME A CALL.  JOE 39636 
 hey, give me a call when you get a minute  joe 39636 
 hey, you need to let me know what you want done with  your meat 
 Hey, tack me down when you get a moment.  Joe 39636 
 thanks for reply( i already heard from you), but its the other assholes i would like to hear from 
 made with meat from around the mouth? 
 you know its a mouth burger, boca is spanish for mouth 
 call me 853-9636 
 Tom,  How was holiday? It was nice spending time with the family for the holidays. The kids had a great time. When you get a minute, could you get Donnie's phone number at prebon, and Missy's number at APB, I would appreciate it.  Thanks  Joe 
  next to ene north 
 5th floor 
 sure 
 read this http://www.thestreet.com/_yahoo/markets/detox/10005880.html Doesnt this guy work for Krammer? 
 am i still invited? How was your holiday? 
 whats up? how was your holiday? 
 Is anyone coming over Sunday or will the family and I be eating alone? 
 are you and the wife coming to the birthday party this weekend 
  sounds llike the lady we lived next to on Judalon 
 Hey, i hear euroean banks are lower interest rates. That should put preasure on teh dollar. will it be bullish for the stock market ( cheaper US goods= more exports) or bearish ( foreign investors leaving the US markets, going to Europe) ? 
 Si, la cabana es me casa. Habla con ti, esta sabado 
 Feders will be attending, they dont know how long they can stay. Baptismal or someting 
 if you are in town this weekend, aer you coming to the Thomas and Abbey's birthday party. No gift required. 
  your ruthless 
 thanks, it worked 
 gregs number is 832-397-1704 
 ftp://ftp.ercot.com/incoming/real_time_display.html 
 thats nice honey. great day, made it all back 
 DONE, TOOK THE PORK OUT LASTNIGHT 
 GO LOOK AT THE LAST THREE DAYS I HAD TO STOMACH. (ngm1) WHAT THE HELL WITH THE dow 
  got run over monday and tuesday, i was in the driver seat wedsday, got it all back 
  a woman today 
 whats going on joe, everthing good here 
 here is the address  Adams Tree Services 5035 east fifth street Katy Texas 77493 
 we will talk ,call you later 
 Hard to write this, so i will keep it short. Weller passed away Sunday morning. The 12.5yrs were wonderful. Thought you would want to know. 
 glad you were succesful, i am not, getting run over, when it rains it pours 
 talk to Kim 
 ok, wea re in  for big ass 
 just make her get a job 
 http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/020624/168/1qq1k.html 
 hey dumby, call me when you get to town friday night. also i am having some people over sunday, if you want to come over.  joe 713-408-7962(cell) 713-993-7171(home) 832-851-2821(work) 
 THANKS FOR THE GRASS OFFERING, DONT WAIT ON ME I DONT THINK I CAN GET TO IT THIS WEEKEND AND AFTER THAT ITS NO GOOD, THANKS ANYWAY. IF MY NEEDS CHANGE, I KNOW WHO TO CONTACT 
 Some alternative delivery points through the tailgate of Exxon Katy Plant: TXU Tejas El Paso Dow  If you need any more information pleas give me a call  Thanks Joe 39636 
 can we leave yet, 
 does this start in dec and could you please take the volumes out throught the whole term. 
 perhaps you should be offered some deer lease favoritism because of poor pittiful situation. 
 i wonder if bryan got out 
 Liz, what should we do with this? I would like to keep the service, yet only if the price is right. Lets talk. 
 understand that mertz saw decent deer that only you are suppose to know about. 
 swap you some options 
 Thanks 
 yo bro, i should be here 
 hey, do you have extra tickets to the colorado game. How did you dad fare in the fire. 
 CONGRADULATIONS.  NOW THAT YOU WILL BE MAKING MORE MONEY YOU CAN COVER THE OVERDRAFT CHARGES ON MY CHECKING ACCOUNT BECAUSE YOU CASHED THAT CHECK THAT WE SPECIFICALLY ASK YOU NOT TO DEPOSIT UNTIL TODAY (THURSDAY). NEXT TIME EXPECT THE CHECK WHEN ITS DUE, NOT WHEN YOU DECIDE TO PAY THE LEASE 
 LETS GO HUNTING 
 HEy, i will talk to Kim about saturday. Saturday it should be clear out there. the question will be friday. the long QQQ  is a short term couple of bucks type trade. think its got 35-36 
 Hey, how are things? Going pretty well here, ready for a vacation. How do you get Pariba? Thanks for sending it, but i get something everyday. 
 Yes, i can make a little money on the long side of a market 
 use -.01 
 on 2002 2.9% 48months, 4.9%60nonths, we will see about the weekend, wife has rule on this one 
 GMAC PO BOX 8104 Cockeysvile, MD 21030-8104  VIN# 1gcek19t42e124152  Puchase $31724 
 got my new truck, 2001 z71 LT, 2.9% finance, its sweet 
 it was me. it now makes since why erik was acting like an asshole. Brian, why do you take that shit. 
 thinking about saturday if she will let me 
 Here are my phone numbers as well as my home email address.  Hm 713-993-7171 Cell 713-853-9636 Wrk. 713-853-9636  Home email: jparks1@houston.rr.com 
 The major difference seems to be in gas daily, about $16k. Will you look at it please. 
 are you at the office, what s  your number 
 NO, unless its time. 
 Erik, forward that last email about Sunday to Chad. My email would not send to him. Thanks Joe 
 I will be serving brisket, chicken and of course  everyone's favorite, beer. This Sunday around 4pm. Come over bring you kids and your wife. Kim will also send out an email to your spouses.  Joe Senor Safety (I like this) 
 Bad news. I am not going to be able to take off work that day to go fishing. But will be arround for the weekend. 
 Sorry for the delay. The following people are authorized to use Dynegy Direct on behalf of Bridgeline: Joe Parks (Master User), Jeff Stephens, Tiffany Smith, and Ragan Bond. Al others need to be removed. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me at 832-851-2821.  Thanks Joe Parks 
 Hey, how are things going? Give me a call when you get some time.  Joe 832-851-2821 
 read it. no real opinion. 
 When are we going to get credit established with more counterparties? A lot of red on ICE today. Thanks Joe 
 ill try, and no i dont 
 Was unable to make contact about the trailer. soryy about the delay, just a little busy dodging bullets 
 whats your phone number? mine is 832-851-2821 
 http://tonto.eia.doe.gov/whatsnew/newwhatsnew.cfm 
 Tod Mitchell 713-266-0188 
 When do you think we wil be ready to open the account with Refco? 
 Joe, give some details on the fishing trip. Day, Time, Where, and how Much 
 http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/browse/-/542452/ref=br_bx_c_1_2/102-7676409-3228169  Go to this link, should show you some boosters. I would also see if that place on westhiemer will recommend. i would like to find something that you can use a harness and/or the seatbelt to hold them in. 
 where did mertz shoot his? 
 <http://www.eldoradotx.com/mertz/index.htm>  ( the actual link) no wonder he didnt give me the picture back 
 yes, i believe 
 You the man. That should agree with my spreedsheet. 
 sorry chad, we are excited its just that work sucks balls. give enron got gaven all the way down to 11.25, for 36 two weeks ago,  erik winds are predicted to be out of the east northeast now, 
 dont forget your plastic cups we washed 
 HEY BRIAN, FOR WHAT ITS WORTH. I THINK A KEG IS A BAD IDEA. I DONT THINK WE WILL DRINK THAT MUCH BEER ON OPENING WEEKEND. EXSPECIALLY IF CHAD IS NOT THERE. 
 keg sounds good, did not realize the keg frig, departure all in one(car) if possible,where would we meet? For opening weekend i would recommend and extra tap in case keg frig unit doesnt work prperly 
 i uderstand will take under advicement. What about a tap for the keg? 
 we might make sure that the keg frig is equipt 
 you really want baileys 
 The PnL Mike put together for the 5/02/02 didnt match my sheet. 
 call me when  you get back from depo 
 whose the best photographer 
 ok, whose the worst photograper you know 
 does your camera work? 
 BEER!  Would it focus if the lense cap were on? When i was focusing they looked like they should have turned out nice. Weird. I quess thats why we need to take pics with two cameras. 
 http://mach.usno.navy.mil/cgi-bin/aa_moonill.pl 
 http://aa.usno.navy.mil/data/ 
 did you boys see the news? 
 22-26 
 HEY, I NEED TO GO FIRE MY RIFLE, WOULD YOU LIKE TO GO? AND WHEN WOULD YOU LIKE TO GO 
 thas my gun 
 i will plan on going without you, btw, i understand you position on lease rules as well as brians. perhaps we stick with opening weekend 
 How did Mertz email us from Erik's email address? 
 I WAS TRYING TO POINT OUT THAT ERIC IS STARTING TO SOUND LIKE MICHEAL 
 in your words "RIGHTTTT" 
 cold front moving into the mid continent  on tuesday of next weekend reaching the east coast by the weekend. to give you an ideal of the cold, tuesdays forcast for el paso is 62-37(hi-lo), weather channel  forcast calls for thu-ri clear, temp range 69-46 with winds out of the south at 12, and the moon should be at about 70% 
 reguest for menu, red beans and rice? i will make this weekend if you would like 
 where was that deer shot 
 where was that buck shot Lee bass 
 thanks 
 hey, send me some information that i can forward to someone who might need an employment attorney 
 I have meet Charles once, so now guarantee that he is good. However, I have know Todd for several years and am highly confident in his ability. 
 will a pound of beans be enough or should i make 1.5lbs?, i will also make them this weekend and freeze. any objections 
 you the man 
 bought 2700/d cal 03 hcs flat from aes new market through tradition 
 any new developments on the weekend hunt? 
 sorry cant stay 
 Saw your ugly ass leaving. Next time stop and say hello. How are things? 
 http://www.pfrr.alaska.edu/~ddr/ASGP/STRSCOOP/AURORA/SUMMARY.HTM 
 possible next hunting dates for me dec14-20(any combination there of), weekend of the 28th, and closing weekend, any interest i would like to know so i can make work arrangements.  I had no expenses 
 dec 14 no moon. 18th its 11% gets to 50% on the 24 
 if it helps your situation, i can stay monday possibly tuesday 
 sweet 
 what the hell are you guys talking about? there was one. 
 what are you guys talking about? 
 Stephen, I was unable to login to CQG this morning. What can we do?  Joe 832-851-2821 
 Ok with Freds. and Playa. Dont know anything about Galveston, need more info( days?). 
 What about the others in my group? 
 havent forgot , i didnt get a chance to update it. will send it soon. talk to you later 
 AND ALL THAT GREEN SHIT THAT WAS GROWING WILL DIE, AS WILL SOME DEER COME THE WEEKENED OF THE 15TH 
 I was unable to login to CQG under my user name ( Joe Parks) this morning. 
 Daniel, I rebooted and CQG is not there. Will I have to reinstall? and How do I do that? Will it be back in the morning? 
 need a letter 
 IN? WHEN? 
 Congrates Jack! 
 Right Aid Corp executives charged with Massively overstating earnings over two yrs ending in 1999. 
 The first survey is May 9 at 9:30cst. www.eia.doe.gov 
  hey give me a call 
 Chris Would you please add the gas weather outlook product to our account (Bridgeline). Thanks  Joe 832-851-2821 
 test 
