 and the economy grows. You sell the milk and retire on the income.  Enron - You have two cows. You sell three of them to your publicly-listed company, using letters of credit opened by your brother-in-law at the bank, then execute a debt/equity swap with an associated general offer so that you get all four cows back, with a tax exemption for five cows. The milk rights of the six cows are transferred via an intermediary to a Cayman Islands partnership secretly owned by the CFO of the publicly listed company who sells the rights to all seven cows back to your listed company. The annual report says the company owns eight cows, with an option on one more, and that these and certain other cow-related activities give milk, both realized and unrealized/notional, at an annual run rate of 1.54 billion gallons 
 vladislav@lycos.com 
 let's change it to 2.645 
 c'mon, Biliana, stay positive 
 vladislav@lycos.com   STAY in TOUCH!!!  :) 
  For those with too rosey an outlook...... 
 Alejandra,  here is the information that I hope you'll be using from time to time: :) e-mail: vladislav@lycos.com birthday: october 1st phone no.: 713 993-00-67  Although my phone no.# might change if they kick me out of Enron :), I think my birthday and e-mail won't.  Stay in touch!!!  Vladi.  P.S. Please forward me your info too. 
  http://www.moscowtimes.ru/travel/index.html 
 V obshem ,vse po poriadku.  Kogda priexal, uzhe na vtoroy takoe bilo vpechatlenie, chto nikuda i ne uezhal, vse blin tozhe samoe, vse tol'ko rabotu pomeniali, a tak v printsipe odna i ta zhe fignia. U menia stol'ko za poslednie 2.5 goda proizoshlo, chto I ozhidal chto i u vsex takie zhe ogromnie izmenenia. No vse v tselom po staromu, chto v printsipe grustno. Narod poxozhe zaela obidennost' i rutinka. No v tselom situatsia poluche chem I uezhal, s rabotoy i den'gami I ponial problem bol'shix net, chto ne mozhet ne radovat'.  S Mashkoy i Azarovoy I kak bi voobshe i ne planiroval vstrechat'sia, s Taney xotel, no ne poluchilos', I ey zvonil paru raz, nikto ne otvechal. S Shipitsinoy tol'ko raz posle priezda razgovarival, u nee vrode vse normal'no, mozhet pereedet na zimu vo Floridu, tam teplee.  Naschet ostavat'sia ili uezhat' : plan takoy - xotelos' bi eshe minimum neskol'ko let zdes' pobit', esli vse budet normal'no s rabotoy. Esli uvoliat i prilichnuiu rabotu naiti ne udastsia, to togda bez osibix slez i napriagov mozhno exat' v Moscvu. Naschet poiska raboti eshe rano govorit', posmotrim kogda vse tozhno opredelitsia. Pogoda vse-taki eto ochen' vazhno - v Moscve takaia gadost' ,a  u nas tut +20 i vse v shortax. Moskovskaia pogoda - eto to chto menia napriagaet bol'she vsego, bol'she vsiakix ekonomicheskix i drugix problem, a v ostal'nom mne kazhetsia mozhno exat' nazad i zashibat' tam prilichnuiu babku.  DAvay, napishi eshe che-nibud'.. 
 nu znachit delo bilo tak:  priexal, potomkazhdiy den' nosilsia po vsey Moscve, so vsemi nado vstretitsia, kazhdiy vecher s kem-nibud' poiti vipit' i zakusit'. Ne uspel dazhe vse dela sdelat' (pasport pomeniat', naprimer). S Taney dazhe ne udalos' uvidetsia. Xodili odin raz v Tarasa Bul'bu, posideli tam kak sleduet, potom eshe raz u Grishenki bili i vse. Pogoda v Moscve gadkaia, letet' daleko (nazad bol'she sutok dobiralis'). V obshem, v blizhayshem budushem tuda vriad li poedu.  Vot takie dela.  Sorry chto ne pisal, kak tol'ko priexal tut nachalsia v kompanii durdom, chut' za 2 nedeli ne obankrotilis'. Zakonchilos' vse tem, chto nashu kompaniu kupila v piatnitsu drugaia kompania. Tak chto vse zhdut sokrasheniy, posmotrim kak eto vse budet.  Vot takie dela.  Davay tozhe pishi, ne zatiagivay.  bratik Vladik   . 
 login: vpimenov password: make3mil$ 
 <http://slate.msn.com/?id=2061505> 
 http://www.polska.ru/pl/galeria/images/dobrow.gif 
  Thought that might help  Most actives and important are in red 
 zatsenila moy noviy e-mail?  . 
 what's up with the chat service? Are we stillon Enron MSN? what's your nick? 
 so, what's your MSN ID? 
 Dave,  it would be great if you guys could fix the EOL listen file before the start of cash trading (approx. one week from now). It is a lot of help and I don't know how am I gonna trade without it. :(  thanks  Vladi. 
 fd 
 Franky, you are THE KING!!!  thank you very much 
   You have always been on the move seeking affectionate, satisfying and harmonious relationships. Your ultimate goal has been the realisation of an intimate union in which there could be love, self-sacrifice and mutual trust. It has often been said that "True love is just around the corner"...and maybe... if you haven't found it as yet - you possibly soon will.  In the past there have been .. and maybe there still are many things that you have had to do without. You have now decided to set your sights on a position or situation that could give you greater prestige and which will afford you considerable self esteem.  You wear your heart on your sleeve ... and since you are an emotional person you are apt to give your all ... heart and soul ... to all those that show you a little affection ... but take care... it would appear that you have been extremely hurt in the past...and you keep leaving yourself wide open for punishment..  Whatever you strive to do, something always seems to be holding you back. There is no subterfuge in you. You are a clear thinker and all you demand from life, in a relationship, is a partner whom you can trust and with whom you can, together, develop a foundation of trust based on understanding. You are your own person... and you demand freedom of thought ...to follow your own convictions. You have no interest in "two-timing" and all you seek is sincerity and "straight-dealing".  You wish to be left in peace... no more conflict and no more differences of opinion ... In fact you just don't want to be involved in any arguments of any shape or form ... All you want is for "them" to get on with it - and to leave you alone.. 
 John,  sorry for not sending it to you earlier (totally forgot to open my outlook). Raw data is on the fisrt tab of the file to the right.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Vladi. 
 Constance,  I was on vacation from October 4th to October 19th and I didn't submit my timesheet yet. I tried to do it on the HRonline web-site, but the procedure is too complicated. Is it possible that you or somebody else in the HR department mark the vacation time? I would really appreciate that.  Thank you.  Vladi Pimenov  ext. 37625 
 We're in!!!! 
 Alejandra, there is no attachment 
 Alejandra, that's definetely shouldn't be in my book.  Great catch!!! 
 Chris,  the pipeline maps I found are worth looking at. They don't cost much ($950 for paper version and $795 for CD rom version) for both US and Canada. I think that CD-ROM version is a better bet: you can zoom in and out and you can print the parts you need. The real value is that they show every interconnect with every facility (power plants, industrials, even prisons:).  I think that it is something that would help us look into details when we approach different regions, and I think basis traders would appreciate it too.  Sample map of Montana is attached.  Vladi 
 Kimberly,  count me in 
