re RT.Entity = DA.ZoneCode AND RT.DateValue = DA.CADateTime AND RT.PeakOrOffPeak = DA.PeakOrOffPeak) Beauty, LkpCalendar_Definitions Lkp  Where Lkp.DateTimeValue = Beauty.CADateTime AND Beauty.PeakOrOffPeak = ISO.PeakOrOffPeak AND Lkp.DateValue = ISO.DateValue and lkp.datevalue>'7/1/2001' Order By Lkp.DateValue 
 I'm very interested in going.  Keep me posted.  I'm sure Hannah will have a blast. 
 this checks out on the volume 
 what is this? 
 Bob,  I gladly pledge $50 and will have my company match it.  I  admire your willingness to do this. 
 Steve & Christian,  After talking with the Southwest desk here is what is happening with Azusa.  Deal #831407.1 Paloverde Heavy Load 10mw Purchase from Azusa at $32.50  1/1/02 thru 3/31/02 Deal #537901.1 Paloverde Heavy Load 10mw Sale to Azusa at $139.00         1/1/02 thru 12/31/02  These two deals are the only ones active for January  and are being performed on.  They are booked out financially. All other deals I found are for Q3 '02 and beyond.  I hope this clarifies some things.  PP 
 fyi 
 wow. this is bad news.  If he had pounded his girlfriend instead, I would feel better about our chances of winning a national championship. 
 Dennis,  I'm attempting to understand how the UC-Davis deal, if done, will impact us .  How is this different than all of the other retail contracts that you service? One concern that I had was if they opted to go for direct access and still had provisions to change their load on short notice(real time) this would cause some big problems for our real time group. To my knowledge, we don't currently have any contracts like this.  Is this the reason UC-Davis wasn't included in the original deal with the UC System?  Can you give me a call or an e-mail?  The number below is correct. Thanks! 
 P:\Trading\California\CAScheduling\Cash\Position\Ca\2001\feb2001 
 FOR JULY EPMI SELLS EES 26 OFFPEAK AND 12 ONPEAK IN NP15 EPMI SELLS EES 168 OFFPEAK AND 172 ONPEAK IN SP15 THESE ARE NET POSITIONS. YOU ARE SHORT . 
 Dave,  Went OK.  I gave Susan a few issues that need to be worked on.  1) Imports/Exports do not seem to be getting captured inFSP. 2)SC trades - some ponts other than CAlifornia were being captured.  Some progress was made on Generation.  If entered in Enpower correctly,they appear in FSP. The only problem is once we enter deals in enpower at detailed points, The enpower to caps report does not balance.  We need Enpower to caps to be reformulated to include all NP SP and ZP deals including those at detailed points like sdg1,pandol_6_unit, etc.  The 10day test for day ahead is done as far as i'm concerned.  Susan was running template comparisons for the 1st thru the 3rd. which may need some work on our part. 
  o and if you critisize my futba program again I'll pull your hair and scratch you belly and throw a basketball at you. 
 Serena,  Please use the new sheet to schedule california.  It is called ca0117estate. It is in the 2002 directory.  This will be the only sheet we use.  We will no longer have a separate EES Sheet.  The load will be pulled into this new sheet.  See me for details and questions. 
 Lincoln Police obviosly have a automatic link to the press.  Or the press is pinging the rap sheets daily.  This is not news.  Don't tell me no aggies ever have fights with their girlfriends or punch out a guy over a girl.  Its only news because of Local papers and police want it to be.  Call the College Station Police and ask if any football players have been involved in any "assaults".  They'd probably tell you its not your business.  This brown thing is funny because the new boyfriend kicked his ass. 
 Diana, Please provide me with Enterprise Manager so  can utilize SQL queries.  Thank You! 
 I THOUGHT YOU MEANT THAT THE HUSKER BBALL TEAM MADE THE BIG TWELVE PROUD.  I'LL TAKE  A DISTURBING THE PEACE CHARGE ANY DAY , JUST NO SLAPPING YO GIRLFRIEND KIND A CRAP. HOW ARE THINGS ? 
 Somehow the commucication on these deals got fubared.  I've gone with the assumption that we bought 3mw NP15 and !2 sp15 at 295 and $280 respectively for June. Did this happen?  If the idea was to flatten EES out , we should have sold to them.  Any insight would be appreciated. 
 u mow mow 
 shama lama ding dong 
 I entered all the Mega deals in CAPS. We have them for at least another Month.  I also updated the excel sheet for Mega and created a JUNE folder. June 1 file is also set up in that folder.  I have not pulled the June data into that file.  I have not checked out with anyone for June.  They will be ready to ' check out on Tuesday.  Make a point to call CRC and get any sc trades they have.  Callaway is a new deal we have .  The info I have is that it will be a sale for 9MW flat every day for 5years.  This is an EES deal. and will need to be entered on the EES sheet and entered on CAPS.  I think APX1 will be the SC.  Foster and Richter know about this deal. Just make sure it is accounted for as an EES deal, it will not appear in Enpower.  There is a wind deal that Elliot did with Edwards Air Force Base.  I don't have enough info on this yet. It starts June 1. 
 Elliot,  I need more info.   What zone? Is it strictly an SC trade?  What is the shape? Will it change daily? Who is the SC? What is the proposed schedule? Who is the counterparty in Enpower?  I would like the info Tuesday morning if possible.  I will be out  for the week starting Tuesday at 9:30 a.m. If this is not possible, Jeremy will need the info sometime later on Tuesday. Let's talk Tuesday morning. Thx! 
