ling.   It should be very straight forward with a demand picture by region and supply picture by region.   Maps with the regional reliability councils noted and overall supply/demand from 96 to 2000 should be the basis for the presentation.  Maps and graphs are very useful.   The presentation should be very macro in scope.  I would work with Gasill's group to make the presentations for gas and power somewhat similar. 
 The date works fine. 
 For the 25th presentation, I need the following:  A pictorial description of power generation sources:	1) Nuclear 2) Coal 3) Resid Steam Unit 3) Gas Combined Cycle 4) Gas Simple Cycle 5) Hydro  I would like to show annual demand by customer segment (residential, commercial, industrial) for the East, West, and ERCOT and supply by generation type for the same major areas.   A table which shows Mwh consumption by demand segment and generation supply by source would be useful.   In addition, total capability by supply source  Some of this same info can be used for the 30th presentaiton. 
 As I discussed with Joe Deffner, the Duke transaction we recently completed (loan in a commodity deal), we were unable to get the "exception language" for collateral.   We did the transaction at LIBOR - 10bp and even when we add 65-75 bp for the cost of an LC, the transaction still provided a competitive source of cash.  The confirms we sent incorrectly placed the "exception language" and I am correcting that today. 
 Yes - coordinate time with TJ Black. 
 I would like to discuss SE desk head opportunity with you.  I have spoken with Jim and he has given me clearance to talk with you.   I would like to meet this afternoon if possible. 
 Sounds good.   I'll see ya at 4:30. 
 I would like to discuss a term trading job in East Power.  I have talked with Fallon he is OK with me talking to you.   Do you have time to meet later today (5:30 pm) or tommorow. 
 What do you expect.   Enron is one of the top 25 companies in the world. 
 I am not interested.   Dave Duran may have interest and I will forward this e-mail to him. 
 On the new phone card (some later date), please include Rogers Herndon, Jeff Richter, Tim Belden and Anthony Dayou under retail risk management (new category on the card).  Thanks. 
 Please drop by to give me an update.   Remember we need positions broken down by component (retail gen, reg gen, ancillaries, tariff, etc.) and positions by customer.   We also need P&L by component and by customer.  Thanks. 
 I am not aware of the is RFP at all.   Our orig group provides zero info.   I will forward to Ed Baughman. 
 Who is working on this? 
 Calender. 
 FYI. 
 I used to get an e-mail every day with the component var.   I would like to start receiving this again. 
 I would like hard copy executive summaries of all of the RTO orders 
 I do not agree with this approach.   We are so busy managing stacks which could lead to someone forgetting to inform settlements to send a termination letter which would then kill the trade.  I strongly object to your recommended approach. 
 The curve sheet is fine, but I totally diagree with the morning report and demand forecast.   I would not give these to the risk group. 
 Let's discuss this in our Monday meeting.   In general, though, your approa= ch seems reasonable to me. 
 I'm good for $50.   You can collect next time you are in Houston. 
 I like your approach.   Would the Norfolk location fill the UI short as well so we could potentially get a double benefit? 
 Your welcome.  My wife's uncle died of Luekemia approx 2 months ago. 
 How are we precluded from extending our current contract.   I never agreed to that.  That's BS. 
 Through separate desktop. 
 No problem.   I need to know by mid-week, if possible.  Thanks. 
 Fine. 
 None that I am aware of.   We need to take positions that support our long term view of competitive energy markets for all consumers. 
 You need to go through Don Black and Anthony Dayou. 
 4:30 is good.   Should I expect good news? 
 I'm meeting with Suarez at 4:30.   I can meet with you at around 5:00.  Sound OK. 
 Thanks for the update.   You are doing a great job and I appreciate you all your hard work.   I don't have to worry about any of the administrative issues, and that makes my job much easier.  Have fun on the trips and make sure you and Amy get well.  Thanks again. 
 Right now, all of our trades are fixed price at a specific hub.   We will be moving to basis markets in some locations in the very near future. 
 No problem.   He can expense it. 
 I need 2 additional tickets for the Washington game that are next to my 4 season tickets.   I will call you later today to give you my AMEX to get the parking pass and confirm the specific seat location.   Patrick never called me to confirm the seats in the front row of the upper section, therefore, your message is the first confirmation I have received.  Thanks. 
 Your thoughts? 
 I think this guy should be independent from the fundies.   There may be special projects that are "highly confidential" in nature that should be directed by you, Hunter, Tim and myself.   I think Robert would be more successful in a freelance role.  Other input? 
 Please put the Kinch Kato e-mail address in my address book.  Thanks 
 I agree with Dick. 
 Please review resume.   She comes highly recommended by Paul Racicot.   She is part of the EBS redeployment. 
 The pricing information on the website is fine. 
 No cash, but yes to the confidentiality agreement. 
 Does 5:00 work? 
 Please put on my calender. 
 Can you please add Rogers to the interview list.   I like Dale as a candidate to run the URM desk.  Given that Jay Lewis has expressed interest in moving into a marketing role under Dave & Janet, we very much need a solid sr. person to run this group.   I understand the West is trying to get one of Jay's people to come to Portland.   Is Dale a candidate to run both groups?  If Jay leaves, we are big time short. 
 Agreed. 
 Louise indicated that credit has agreed to allow credit-worthy counterparties to trade through 2004.   The following are the counterparties East Power would like to have 04 access on EOL.  Dynegy Duke BP Energy Aquilla Morgan Stanley El Paso Williams Reliant AEP Constellation Calpine Merrill Lynch Allegheny Conectiv Mirant  Please let me know ASAP who gets approved and when EOL will grant trading rights.  Thanks. 
 OK - Doug can have Smith Day and Jeff Miller work to get the retail certification. 
 That is very possible because Calpine was selling 02 and 03 natty early yesterday. 
 Can you make sure and attend.  Thanks. 
 I have been assuming around 10k.   Talk to you later. 
 Stuart Zisman can answer this question. 
 Congrats. 
 Please approve access. 
 They have agreed to grant us access.   I granted access to power curves based on the understanding they would grant full access to all coal curves. 
 Per Gary Hickerson & Kevin McGowan, EGM agreed to make all coal curves (including PRB) available to power desk if we provided the power curves to the equity group.   Therefore, please ensure we receive this info in a timely manner.  Thanks. 
 I want our VAR to be accurate on all accounts and I will settle for nothing less. 
 Please send me the CD.  Thanks. 
 Please complete Hayden's form for your respective regions.  Keep in mind that this could act as potential position limit set forth by UBS so be careful in completing this form.   In addition, UBS has a liquidity reserve used to adjust curves when marking P&L.    The "liquidity reserve" accounts for the fact you can't liquidate at the mid and with big positions you probably can't even liquidate at the bid (offer).  Thanks. 
 What is this? 
 I need until Friday to get this done.   This has been the busiest trading week of the year.  Thanks. 
 I will have TJ set up and Lloyd attend.  thanks. 
 Please place on calender. 
 Calender. 
 Yes I would like to attend meeting regarding NRG deal and let's have a position meeting this afternoon at 4:00.   Does that work?   I will keep my ears open for Zone J and G markets.   PJM East markets are rarely shown except for summer spreads which are now $18-25/Mwh (approx.) for 02 and 03. 
 I have a fundies mtg. with Skilling at 3:00 and I should be done by 4:00.   Let's plan on 4:00 for NRG in my office and positions meeting after at whatever location works for you. 
 Sounds good.  If you need anything from me, let me know. 
 Who does Janel work for now? 
 We need it w/in the first 30 days. 
 That's fine. 
 Yes we need PRB 8400 and PRB 8800 curves.   My agreement with EGM was coal curves in exchange for power curves.  Heather - If I don't get the PRB coal curves by the end of this week, I will have to remove access to our power curves. 
 Please print the agenda for myself and fax copy to Evelyn.  Thanks. 
 Thanks for the note and good luck. 
 I was told 2:00 pm. 
 Thanks. 
 No problem. 
 Yes, my brother. 
 I'm sure there will be a long line of requests.   If we have any extras, I will throw them your way. 
 I am locking up all of the hourly leads and having a discussion with them regarding there top performers and contract status this week.   It is becoming increasingly difficult to put non-managers under contract, so that is my challenge for the hourly group.   Having said that, I concur with your suggestions.  I am assuming you are presenting Narsima and Edith there promotion and contract packages.   Please confirm. 
 We need all historical data preserved in all markets (price, vol, trades by counterparty, volume by counterparty, broker vs. EOL, broker prices, EOL prices, etc.) 
 Glad to hear it. 
 FYI. 
 We would prefer physical rights that we can take day-ahead and/or real-time (5 minutes ahead, if possible).   Rather than an obligation (like FTR's), we prefer an option (spread on pricing that can only be positive when exercised).  I would want to condition the transaction on having one RTO in the NE with LMP pricing in effect for the entirie NE market on or before 1/1/2003.   Assuming we get over those hurdles, this would likely be viewed as a capital project internally (fixed cost structure), therefore, we need to earn a minimum of 25% expected return (after credit).  Obviously, there is a huge unknown on the CT vs. Long Island forward curve with the changing market conditions.   This makes pricing this deal extremely difficult, particulary with the returns we would need to show.  Call me with any additional questions. 
 Only if nuclear fuel storage problems persist.   The nuclear fleet, if unencumbered by NRC or spent fuel storage problems, will operate at 90-95% (95% during non-refueling years and 90% during re-fueling years).  Remember re-fuelings are now on a 24 month cycle and the next big cycle is spring and fall of 2003.   The 2002 re-fueling outages are actually less than normal. 
 I hear you on the liquidity Rogers.   With Rob making those markets effective next Monday (he is on vacation), we will find out if term liquidity is possible.  Please trust me on this issue.   You will see a significant difference within weeks, not months.   At a minimum, you will at least have price discovery through 2003 on calenders (they may be $3 wide in New York, but that is better than no market).  Keep pushing on this issue.   With the volatility in the NE over the past two weeks, I'm sure you understand our reluctance on term markets in these illiquid areas.  As far as 02 or 03 quotes for E PJM and/or NY, I have heard no markets today and neither has Dana.   The pool is blowing up as we speak. 
 I would pick the one with the highest return and put 100% in (most likely Stable Asset Fund) 
 They mitigated the shit out of prices (our Pepperhill project was dispatched at $300/Mwh the whole day). 
 Please review.   Is there a value proposition for us? 
 Rogers is meeting with Janet to sell this concept.   If necessary, I will follow-up. 
 If they are all in the coal group and we get all of the coal curves and transport curves, then the answer is yes. 
 Make sure this gets all of your attention and is done right.   I think we also need retail capability in ERCOT. 
 Make sure we get something in writing.   What is the appropriation risk? 
 We still need something in writing from Janet. 
 With your retail short position in PJM, I assume we are short ICAP as well.   We should have your guys or Ader & Company follow-up on the 42 MW that is available.   Hopefully, it is in E PJM. 
 Yes, I think so.   He works for Duran.   Do you need to me to do something? 
 We liked Alton.   He was a very hard worker.   We ranked him 2 or 3. 
 Do I need to attend?   We should not have Fairley at this meeting. 
 Good luck John.   I appreciate your praise and wish you success in your future professional endeavors. 
 I think we finally have everthing.   Thanks. 
 How's everything going?   Give me a call when you get a chance. 
 Good info.   Thanks Billy. 
 I think you are probably correct.   Upon closure, you will probably be marking your own curves.   Having said that, you should probably begin now. 
 Yes. 
 Absolutely.   Please call Lloyd Will to get access to our new intranet site which has an unbelievable amount of data on historical prices, loads, new gen, HDD's, CDD's, outages, etc.  Our new fundies group is 100% better in terms of data quality and presentation. 
 Are we using this load now? 
 Could you please enter the following Paine Webber Account Reps into my address book (include phone & e-mail)  Thanks. 
 I have book positions in the NE market and am very comfortable with our curves through 2004 in all of these markets.    NEPOOL came off very hard today ($2.00/Mwh through 2006) while the NY markets were off only $0.50 - $1.00/Mwh.   I am paying close attention to these markets given the corporate risk and I don't see any marks unreasonable given where 02 and 03 are actually trading.  Again - I will continue to monitor as we work toward integrating the positions.  Thanks. 
 Please send me a resume before I agree to any meeting. 
 I keep the curves very tightly controlled due to proprietary reasons.   I lose control of who has access outside my group, therefore, I have chosen to not make it available.   EOL has prices in all markets through 2003 which should be all you need to perform your analysis. 
 That's fine.  I thought we already did this. 
 Yes - Power Risk Management is more appropriate (trading is the closest to risk management) 
 We are in jail in off-peak as well and are trying to buy.   Most regions have markets on-line through 2003 (TVA, Ent, Cinergy, Com-ed).   In NY, there is zero liqidity for off-peak.   PJM West has pretty decent liquidity through 03.  I hope this helps. 
 One group needs to mark curves.   I personally think it is easier for us to mark curves because we have traders in every region.   I simply need to make it a priority again.   I can go either way, though.   We definitely don't want two sets of curves.  Let me know. 
 Our marks are fine (at least through 04 where we occasionally see #'s).   I don't think it's appropriate to shut down anything.  We need to price the product properly and off-peak needs just as much margin as on-peak given the increase in coal prices and the effects of load growth.  Rather than shut down products, increase the price to reflect the current risk in the market.   We are chipping away at our off-peak position day by day and we have bought some NYMEX coal.  Am I making sense?   In addition, I am working with Doug to buy 7x24 from FPL in North Texas (for both desks).   We will probably have to pay $3.50-4.00 spread to get 3-5 year 7x24 deal done.  With respect to NE, the outright prices are much higher and resid is the marginal unit for off-peak, therefore, in some ways the risk is easier to manage. 
 I just told Dana to get NE off-peak on-line for 02 and 03. 
 Good question.   We need to shift as of a specific date with fixed load obligations in the EWS retail books. 
 Could you please take care of this for me today.  Thanks. 
 Agreed. 
 Please handle for me ASAP.  Thanks. 
 Good info.   Consistent with reports from McGowan.   I am now short 02 at $39/ton and long 03-04 at $32.50/ton.   Love the spread given my view of natty.  Since the report is almost identical to info I have received from McGowan, I don't see any pressing need to call Alan.   You are certainly free to call him if you want. 
 I lost $2 million in new deal P&L putting the spread on because they have their curves so srewed up.   With respect to your question, I think the answer is yes because I can sell 02 on-line by controlling the stack (limit orders) and the coal group will sell 03-04 at $35/ton.   I now own this at $32 because they mis-mark their curve in 04 by $4.00/ton (ie negative $2 million in new deal P&L.)  The bottom line is it was painful putting that spread on. 
 Totally agreed.  It is an absolute joke down there. 
 Having any luck.   Look at my coal markets. 
 Casey Evans has all of this. 
 I defer to Dana on this issue. 
 Should be Dana Davis 
 No problem.   I can't think of any of their employees I would want. 
 Did you check with Liz? 
 I will do Carson and Juan.   I am having Juan do all of his SE hourly group.   With respect to Forney, I will either do myself or have Doug do it. 
 Let's try the alternative.  Thanks. 
 By Friday, we should be above 75%. 
 Thanks alot for the info. 
 Look forward to hearing from you.  Thanks. 
 Williams will have weather model and research material several minutes before the general market.   Universities receive the data before the market and this alliance will get the weather data to Williams as if they were part of the university.  Any thoughts? 
 Harry is out.   We are not extending an employment at will offer.   Please destroy the contract offer and "drafted" employee at will offer. 
 Please put in my address book. 
 Calender. 
 Yes, Lavo and Louise are both aware.   This is a lateral transfer.   Eric will be working directly for Fletch. 
 Yes. 
 This is the spread option which I am able to reconcile.   The big P&L discrepancy is on the pure TVE fixed price positions which are off by $1 million+.   Please continue to reconcile with Grace Kim.  Thanks. 
 Fine. 
 Sounds good.   We may want to consider diesel installation for Lincoln Electric as well.  I am beginning to think that diesel installations is our primary solution to cover OPPD short for May-Oct 02. 
 I would say 2,000,000 for Lavo approval.   Whether than signature, I would go through deal specifics and get verbal approval. 
 I do not use. 
 Please increase my H:/drive limit.  As Managing Director for East Power I require the ability to retain more than 500MB.  Please contact Lloyd WIll at 713-853-3383 if you require any additional information.  Thanks.  Kevin Presto East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Please print and put in green binder.  Thanks. 
 Good info on new plants.  Lloyd - Can we get this spreadsheet on our website under fundies tab.  Thanks. 
 I think we should install 15 minute metering capability and start serving these customers physically.   In order to grow this business, we need to find out if we can serve retail load directly in an efficient and cost-effective manner.   The quicker we can achieve physical delivery capability, the quicker we can define our true cost of serving these customers. 
 Any news on the diesel units installed at OPPD substations? 
 Approved. 
 Happy to do it. 
 We have approx 120 total seats for retail risk management on the 5th floor.   I think its important to put all power related retail functions (risk management, tariffs, structuring, risk reporting, etc.) on the 5th floor.  If you do this, then there will not be room for the retail gas group, which means you need to work with Tammy Shephard and Wes Colwell to get room on the 6th floor for retail gas. 
 The MTM amount needs to be gross margin, not revenues.   What deal was done for summer Cinergy on Friday?   Did Rogers sign off on all of the BECO deals? 
 I agree. 
 I was looking for tommorow.   I'll pass on tonight.  Thanks. 
 1.  Lloyd can trade any region with 30 day limit and total position limit of 100 MW.    Lloyd will do mostly spread trades. 2.  Per our earlier discussion 3.  Ontario is part of the NE and we plan on having an Ontario market maker.   I have to sort this out with Milly.   Please stay silent on this one until we get the deal closed. 4. 
 If they are still available, I'll take them. 
 What is the 11:00 deadline for?   I should be able to sign on my timeline. 
 Calender 
 I didn't receive any home information.   I'm interested in resale homes, new homes and lots.  Thanks. 
 Sounds interesting.  Clearly, we would pay a some premium on the front end for the Boston location.   Work directly with Dana on the specifics. 
 Done.   I'll come him today. 
 I confirmed he signed a couple weeks ago. 
 Rogers will do a fine job with this group presentation.   I think it is important that Rogers builds credibility with the marketing organization.  I'm sure you are OK with this. 
 I think I could make a case for decreasing ECP, because some of the uplift actually sneaks into the ECP (must run units for 6 hours etc.).   I would argue that the pool will dispatch more competitively when generators know that a peaker can run for 30 minutes at $100/Mwh.   This forces baseload units to offer very competitive pricing for all hours to ensure dispatch.  We have seen what the additional peakers in the East does to volatility and energy clearing prices, in general.  What are your thoughts? 
 Can we enter a retainer agreement with Sarah at Bracewell and have her attend this meeting on our behalf.   Jim - What is your budget for this year on outside services? 
 Did Rogers sign his contract or is he still holding out? 
 Is this going to get done?   My sense is this would reduces energy uplift charges and reduce energy clearing prices.   Do you agree? 
 I already read this article.   Price action is wicked bearish on our stock right now.   Fortunately, I have been doing a good bit of hedging my long Enron position. 
 Done. 
 We have this already by comparing daily reports.   I simply look at the change in daily postions.   Both Lavo and I are OK with the current reports. 
 After talking with Rogers, it sounds like a conference call at 1:00 pm tommorow would be more productive.   Rogers and Don are still working through logistics of the move to the 6th floor and solidifying some of personnel issues.  Does 1:00 pm tommorow work for you?   We can call you from my office. 
 Add $0.50/Mwh to the off-peak component of the 7x24 price and everything else looks fine. 
 Fletch Sturm (works for me and runs the MW power group) will be following up with you or Allen.   We need to make sure we coordinate with gas and west power so no duplication is occurring.    We need to also make sure that UBS is not already a client who receives PIRA materials. 
 Another addition to the team. 
 Sounds good.   I talk to Tim about twice a week. 
 This will be done by early next week at the the latest. 
 No trading.   It's a NERC holiday. 
 This is a classic.   I want to bring this guy in for an interview.   If he is as good as he says he is, we have to hire the guy.   You will get some good laughs. 
 I will only be attending the first 90 minutes of this meeting, so adjust the emission meeting to reflect that.  Thanks. 
 Why not use the actual correlations we have observed over the past 18 months.   Simply calculate forward gas price movement to forward power price movement (Bal 01, 02, 03, etc.)on a curve by curve basis, and you will find gas/power correlations on a forward basis are very high (80+%), at least in the Eastern markets. 
 Thanks Michelle.   Good job. 
 We'll discuss when you get back. 
 He's solid. 
 FYI.   Please coordinate with Hunter and Belden on what we need. 
 Definitely attend. 
 The only way the coal deal will go forward is if you prove you can get long term supply (pet coke, PRB, other, etc.) for $1.00-1.15/MMBtu delivered to the site.   The economics need to show a 8-10% IRR in order to justify the commodity risk.  In addition, we should explore IGCC in Florida.   The gas/coal spread is much larger in this market and the proforma economics would be much better. 
 Yes, I agree.   Remember, John has asked to go through a deal and this is a significant transaction.   I suggest going through the deal over lunch. 
 What free money.   If you are referring to the contract, it was not enough free money. 
 Calender. 
 I am interested in single family residences at Deering Bay, specifically lots. 
 Yes, you are correct.   Todd is making the changes I requested and we probably have at least another 2 weeks before I get a final plan.  With respect to your latest Contract, I have 2 minor changes.  The only one with any significance is the counterparty name.   I expect Mitchell-Carroll Custom Homes to be the signator to this Agreement.   Having a "shell" LLC entiity sign the Contract would be like me having my step-son sign the Contract.  I want the "real" balance sheet to be on the hook for meeting the contractual obligations, much like you want my personal balance sheet/income statement to be the responsible financial counterparty.  The other change was wording and does not effect the contract intent.  Talk to you soon. 
 East Power is flat. 
 Thanks. 
 Have you spoke to Greg Whalley about Kristen Albrecht, Dierdra McCaffery, Jim Brysch, and Heather Kendall.   We need to move forward on putting these teams together, and the above individuals were key candidates indentified to re-build the retail risk management organization over the next 6-9 months.  I would like to hear back today on how we plan on proceeding with these individuals.  Thanks. 
 I'm fine with it. 
 Your perception is correct.   Remember 4 years of culture is at work here.   I told Rogers this morning, we have to move to 35, clearly define the process for pricing deals, and begin changing the mindset of the marketing organization with respect to value.  The whole situation on 6 is considerably worse than I originally thought. 
 Thanks.   It never hurts to ask. 
 Sounds like you are on the team.   I am assuming you will start full-time on Monday.   Whalley has already assured me you will be part of this re-build process which obviously requires full-time focus.  Please confirm. 
 Is JEA deal booked against FL/GA curve or SERC curve? 
 Can we make 02.   FPL needs 02 start dates. 
 Remember our deal.   After trading day is over (for next 2 months), you stay until the risk calcs are done and help in whatever manner is necessary to improve the process.   In addition, you should take responsibility for calcing the ERCOT books (term and cash). 
 Friday is a terrible day for tours in power.   My entire desk leaves at 2:00 pm on Friday.  I would suggest the gas floor for this tour.   The customer will be very unimpressed if we have limited staff here in the middle of the day. 
 We have a # of counterparties whom credit will allow daily trading and/or balance of month trading (with no forward trading).  It would be much more efficient for the trading organization and the counterparties to have functionality within EOL that allowed for better credit screening.   We have moved away from the broker markets, and the current screening mechanism forces us to trade in the broker market with credit limited counterparties.  I would like to get this changed ASAP, if possible.  Thanks. 
 Please net longs and shorts for DIA and DYN.   I will do almost all trades on-line, therefore, I would like some mechanism to make all trades net on the Holdings page.  Kevin Presto East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 We need to add Jay Lewis and 4-5 people with T&D tariff knowledge to the curve team as well.   This process will entail specific wholesale curves plus a complete review of the T&D tariff curves.  These teams need to work together to ensure the sum of the parts equal the whole.   I am assuming everyone on the team agrees. 
 ICAP exposure needs to be capped at the default price (currently 8.75/kW/mo).   Because Zone J is deficient capacity, the market is actually trading higher than the default rate.  In addition, we need to scrub the ancillary components. 
 Attend. 
 I still need the info I requested to comment intelligently. 
 I need project names next to these que spots, including the project sponsor.   I can't make a determination unless I know the specific project and the project owner. 
 Kim,  Add another 8-10 for retail risk management.   You can take from the same list I have already provided to you and Lavo. 
 I think there a great DG opportunities in both Boston and Manhattan.   We will be working hard over the next several weeks to get proper city-gate curves in place to reflect true location marginal pricing, particularly in areas where we have exposure and new deal activity.  thanks. 
 For 01 and 02, congestion/energy uplift/transmission uplift is $3.50 to $4.50/Mwh.   Current EES curves are light in this area.  For 03 & beyond when LMP is adopted in NE ISO and socialized allocation is eliminated, the congestion component alone in the Boston area will be well over $10/Mwh (based on actual congestion $'s from May 99 to date in the Boston area).  Much like the Dallas situation, these locational congestion charges can be significant and Rogers and Don will begin immediately developing delivered energy pricing curves for specific locations that go well beyond the wholesale pricing points we mark right now.  I hope this helps. 
 If you don't get a response from Elizabeth, just call her or walk up to the legal floor.   On something as important as this, I would go directly to Elizabeth's office. 
 Lloyd Will will send to you today. 
 Next week is better.  Please schedule an afternoon appt. with my asst. (Tamara Black 3-5800) 
 No development as of yet. 
 If it becomes an asset management deal, we need to involve the services desk (Tom May and Jeff Miller).    The trading & marketing outsourcing deal is the most appealing to me. 
 Fine.  Use the same charge code you have been using. 
 His resume looked good.   I'm OK with the hire. 
 Please begin working on filling our Associated short position in 02.   I would like to take this risk off the books.  In addition, please find out what a buy-out of VEPCO would cost us.   With Rogers transitioning to run our retail risk management, I would like to clean up our customer positions.  We also need to continue to explore a JEA buy-out.  Thanks. 
 Lloyd Will, Juan Hernandez and Don Baughman (plus Kayne Coulter) should be the East Power reps at this meeting. 
 Fletch and I are dividing up Rogers postions (Fletch taking Peak, I'm taking Off-Peak).   To make it fair on everyone, I am allowing Rogers to take $4 million from Prudency C attached to JEA.  (Rogers has created this positive balance himself over the past 12 months with deals he has done in FL & SOCO).  In addition, I will be assuming all customer deals (VEPCO, JEA, Associated, MPMUC).  We will mark the curves in Entergy and TVA where Fletch is comfortable taking the position (off-peak also needs to be marked down).  The $4 million from prudency will absorb most of the curve shift.   All of Rogers postions will stay in Wholesale.  All parties come out with a fair solution. 
 I talked with Gary Hickerson and I am OK with granting Michelle Cisneros access for her specific valuation purpose (pricing access is for 2 years only). 
 Please send the updated org list to Calger.  thanks. 
 I need prudency C summaries ASAP.  Thanks. 
 Thanks Charles and I agree with your conclusion - a competitive market will not exist unless the tools create a clear price signal for all congestion. 
 I did look and couldn't find it. 
 I would like another 15" monitor mounted on my trading desk.   When can I get this done. 
 I'm sure Vlady can get it to you.   In general, I don't save my e-mails. 
 If I can find it. 
 Sounds good.   I think we will significant synergy benefits immediately.   The cultural barriers will be broken down and information will flow from wholesale to retail and vice versa. 
 We should be pursuing the buyout and asset development simultaneously and the most economic alternative will prevail. 
 In the interim, Fletch and I will assume responsibility.   Obviously, we will be trying to identify a replacement over the next couple of months.  We will be doing some position re-alignment today - transferring some of Rogers positions to Fletch and/or myself at tonight's mids.   I will then re-sell/re-buy some positions back to Rogers which cancel out opposite positions in the retail book.  I will give you the specifics before we mark. 
 Great trading asset, but fixed costs are enormous.   The entire value proposition is based upon $15/Mwh spread between peak and off-peak (which is clearly there today).    My view is this spread collapses over time due to DSM/DG/real-time pricing and true hourly price signals in pool based markets.  We should look at the asset, but recognize the fixed costs are huge. 
 Don't know his capabilities well enough to make an accurate assessment. 
 Thanks for the update John.   I have a great personal relationship with Paul Posoli (run there whole shop), so if you need anything let me know. 
 Plant development should focus on sites in NY City.    You assumptions are correct related to NE. 
 I would like 6 Analysts and 4 Associates.   I provided my top 20 wish list to Lavo last week.  Thanks. 
 Willis should be an Associate trading track position.   I forgot to clarify with Kim on original offer.   Remember, we have to go through Paul Johnson at Austin Energy.  I would like to get the offer letter out today. 
 As you probably know, Rogers (in the East) and Don (in the West) will be working directly with the wholesale desk.   Tim and I will ensure a fair balance is achieved between retail and wholesale.  As an Enron shareholder, I fully appreciate that we need explosive growth and profitability out of EES, particularly with reduced volatility in gas and power markets over the next several years.  I am commited to ensuring that the retail risk management organization is offered all the tools, information, systems, competitive pricing, etc. to allow EES to offer fully bundled competitively priced products to retail customers.  I look forward to working with you and Dave in continuing to grow this business. 
 Yes it is irrelevant.   Now that we have competent risk managers making the decision, they will know how to effectively hedge these deals.   Furthermore, pricing is always available on demand.   When each trader has 30-40 products to manage in a volatile market, they are not necessarily going to put 03-10 for peak and off-peak in every region.  It becomes very cumbersome to manage the year over year spreads when the front is moving so violently. 
 Ground pictures from various angles will do.   My expectation is that I will continue to get weekly updates and the booklet I described will contain the info I requested in an organized manner.  Thanks. 
 I submitted my request to Kim Melodick approx. 1 week ago.  Kim - Please make sure Lavo and Louise have my wish list for Analyst and Associate candidates. 
 White water rafting in Colorado. 
 Calender. 
 I can be reached on my cell in Florida.   In addition, you can leave messages with the hotel voice mail (I am staying at Ritz Carlton on Key Biscayne).  I will also be checking e-mail at least once per day. 
 Ron Green is the President of FPL Energy and Mark Maisto is the President of FPL Energy Trading (sub of FPL Energy).   I have Mark's contact info at home.   Send me an e-mail at kmpresto@hotmail.com and I can reply at home with his contact info.  You would be a great fit for their shop. 
 My candidates are already through their rotations and are essentially finished with what we have defined as the trading track. 
 Highly Confidential 
 500k right now.  I am prepared to pay a $1 million development fee as well. 
 Agreed.   Thanks. 
 FYI - Can you help Ron sort through these issues.   With OPPD's cooperation, we can easily overcome these issues and make May 02 in-service for 150 MW of rented diesel generation installed at OPPD distribution substations. 
 No development is easy.   I see nothing on your list that cannot be overcome.   Please develop a plan to have a 150 MW on-line my May 02 with rented diesel equipment.   We would install the diesels at OPPD distribution substations.   We may have to do 15 different installations to acheive the desired result.  Last year Com-Ed and IPL completed an installation with CATs in 3 months.   The key is to get OPPD to cooperate with interconnections at the distribution substations and we will get credit for losses.  Please work with Terri and Ed.   If you need any additional info after working through a plan with Terri and Ed, please let me know. 
 No, I have sent 3 copies to Lavo. 
 I received them.   Thanks. 
 Thanks for the hard copies.   Can you please send me an e-mail with an electronic copy. 
 Please call me when you get in to discuss hole in SE.  thanks.  Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 I forgot to mention that today's curves will be down another 5%, therefore, the prices in the spreadsheet are too high. 
 I'm not in the business of providing firm pricing via e-mail.   As always, all prices from the desk are indicative until customer is ready to pull the trigger.   As a rule of thumb, prices are good for about 15 minutes.  Therefore, let's be clear with the counterparty that we are in a volatile energy market with pricing moving 5-10% on some days.   For example, summer power is down $20.00/Mwh over the past week and June is down $10/Mwh.   Summer 02 and summer 03 are down $7-8/Mwh over the past 3 days.  Thanks. 
 I would like to acknowledge David Portz for his hard work and diligence in drafting and actively supporting the negotiation of the Green Mountain Power all-requirements transaction in ERCOT.   David worked long hours ensuring all tight timelines were met and facilitated quick contract turnarounds on numerous occasions.  In addition to Green Mountain, David has exhibited the same hard work and diligence on other Texas transactions (San Antonio, misc. QSE contracts, etc.) 
 Tuesday April 17th. 
 I will do the interview.   Please schedule with my asst. (TJ Black at 3-5800) 
 Let's discuss this at our 3:00 pm meeting today.   Please put on agenda.  Thanks. 
 No electronic copy - Evelyn saved a hard copy.    The quote was related to Enron's activity with TVA. 
 Joe is set to rotate to real-time MW on June 1 and Bill Rust is taking his scheduling place.   I have no problem with Joe going with you.   With respect to Narsima, timing may be an issue (transition), however, I should be able to make that happen as well.  With Busby, Bernie, Joe and Narsima (timing an issue), you have some competent support at the outset   In addition, there is almost certainly some capable people within the 200 person existing organization that have had no management direction and no discipline.  Hopefully, the dust settles and the transition can start next Monday.   We also need to figure out what we do with your existing positions. 
 The genco room needs to be with power and the size needs to be increased as requested by Lloyd Will. 
 Ryan is waffling.  I talked to him this weekend and he said his wife wants to move back north.   These weather guys need physcology treatement.   Dave now thinks this UBS deal is full of risk.   I think the Friday event has everyone freaked out.  Sorry to ruin your Sunday evening.   With respect to fundies, I already have my guys working on this. 
 A written summary is fine. 
 I need a summary on this issue.  Thanks. 
 Can I get the interview package (including resume)  Thanks. 
 Doug Gilbert-Smith, fletch sturm, rogers herndon, rob benson, and mark dana davis. 
 What is their proposal? 
 What is this? 
 Please print and put in binder for me (4 tabs for Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4).  Thanks. 
 FYI - Another opportunity for mid-market to extract value from the market. 
 Are you OK with this? 
 test 
 I gave you his resume 3 months ago.   I am sending another copy upstairs today.   He would be a manager level hire.   No, he is not the ex-metals trader.  I would like to hire this guy ASAP. 
 Can you send me another copy of the pros/cons matrix and the function descriptions.  Thanks. 
 As I told John this morning, we have similar issues with Var in the East.   The correlations between gas & power for the entire curve are based on the front month and the correlations between regions are also based on the front month.  I have requested changes to the Var calc several months back and have been assured it will be completed by the research group soon. 
 The first report looked good, however, I would like to see the owner name, and technical configuration.   In addition, I would like pictures of each facility. 
 I tore the Agreement up because he would not sign it. 
 Willis is an Manager candidate 
 No I'm not OK with this.   We have never paid in the past.   Is it different if we request 02 only? 
 I vote No. 1.   I think the necessary synergies between gas and power marketing in TX can be accomplished at you and Milly's level. 
 When do the guys that signed contracts get the paperwork for option grants and restricted stock?   They are all asking me. 
 Change the request to 150 MW per period.  Thanks. 
 We would like to hire Willis Phillips from Koch.   Rogers, Dana, & I have all interviewed him and think he is a can't miss candidate.   The bad news is that he was referred by a headhunter (the fee is 20% of first year package).  This guy is quality and I want to make an offer.   Please let me know if I can proceed ASAP. 
 Thanks Pearce. 
 Org chart for today's meeting. 
 Right now. 
 I had to leave early yesterday so I am just getting around to reviewing.   Looks good.   I will call with any comments.  Thanks Tim. 
 FYI. 
 Thanks for your contact list.   Enron also looks forward to working with Oneok.  Attached is a list of individuals (with titles) within our trading organization whom you will be interacting with.   Please call me with any questions. 
 I don't have this finalized yet until final personnel decisions are done. 
 I have your list and will be sending you an e-mail shortly.  Thanks. 
 FYI - Org. Chart.   Do you want me to have my asst. replicate for the West? 
 They need to talk with Ed Baughman to define a deal structure. 
 Please make sure that all visitors maintain a considerable distance from the trading floor.  Thanks. 
 Make sure we keep all visitors at a considerable distance from the trading floor. 
 Yes attend. 
 Please follow-up.   Thanks 
 Thanks for the update.  I also talked to John and he expressed the same doubt. 
 Rogers and I have our weekly trader's roundtable meeting, so we are not available for the tour. 
 Congrats Janice and good look with your new job. 
  Please put on calender and remind all desk heads to invite people who have signed up.   This includes you, Tina, and Claudia. 
 FYI - Please follow-up. 
 I would recommend sitting with the real-time traders (they trade, reserve transmission and schedule the power in real-time).   You can coordinate with me. 
 John Dorbone (sp?).   You can get his phone # on Gleannochfarms.com web site.   They have 4 custom builders (Tom Bailey, Pine Oak, Country Village, and Tom Hale).   They recently fired Coventry and Frederick Harris.  I have not made a decision yet, but I am considering Gleannloch as an alternative.   It would be a big positive for me if you could build the house. 
 Please schedule a meeting with TJ Black (3-5800) 
 Please handle.  Thanks 
 Approved 
 I talked to Julie Havilend about Paine Webber keeping my on-line portfolio manager updated with all of my Enron options.   Entering options is tricky and I was hoping you can provide that service for me.  Let me know. 
 Myself and all of my desk heads will be interviewing candidates Wednesday from 1:00 to 5:00 pm. 
 Quarterly. 
 Come see me tommorow morning. 
 Rogers can be reached by e-mail at drherndon@aol.com.  He would like updates on activities everyday if possible. Thanks. 
 I need approval for this ERCOT Schedule C.   The e-mail from Stacey outlines the details.  Thanks. 
 Keep it up.  Our markets are getting even tighter. 
 Deny the request and the requester needs to send a formal request directly to me with solid justification. 
 Because we have lost several people to retail risk management (Rogers Herndon, Narsima Misra, Jim Homco, etc.) and John Forney has moved to ERCOT hourly, I have been forced to manage an EOL stack for multiple markets.  Therefore, all tours during trading hours (6:30 am to 3:30 pm) will have to be provided by non-trading personnel.  Sorry, but we are in our busiest season and I cannot afford to have my traders away from the desk for even 10 minutes. 
 Looks great. 
 Green Mountain prudency has been approved by Lavo. 
 Yes we are aware.   thanks. 
 Edison International purchased all of Com-Ed's gas and coal plants approx. 2 years ago and now sells the output of these plants back to Com-Ed through 2004.  The operators of the plant are threatening a strike and it could have huge implications with plant availability until replacement operators could be found.   I would like your group to closely monitor this situation and provide me daily feedback. 
 I don't agree with either 7 or 8.   The 0.1 LOLP generally results in 20-25% reserve margins which are excessive.   Reserve margin is a meaningless measure in an efficient commodity market because supply and demand adjust to price signals to keep the market in balance.  My view is that ICAP should be eliminated completely and, if utilized, transitional only for a 1-2 year period.   The other alternative is the ISO to have a reliability auction whereby quick-start units contract directly with an ISO for meeting reliability reserve reqs. 
 Please put Steve Marland's Cell number in my Address Book. 
 Several names in my Lotus Address Book that did not transfer to the new Outlook platform.   The names that did not transfer have text next to them.   For exampe, Todd Rice did not transfer and his name on Lotus Notes has "Office Number" next to it.  There are several other examples of this.  thanks. 
 Send to Lloyd Will for his review.  Thanks. 
 Doesn't OATI already do this? 
 I would like a consolidated report on all generation projects monitored to date.   My recollection was we had identified approx. 50-75 projects to monitor.  thanks. 
 How come you never show EOL #'s for East Power.   I would like to see East Power included in the e-mail report.  thanks. 
 Looks great.  Thanks. 
 I have not hired a replacement yet.  No meeting required until I find a replacement.  Thanks. 
 please put on my calender. 
 All fixed price locations (ERCOT, Ent, Cin, TVA, SOCO, Com-Ed, PJM, NEPOOL, etc.).   The biggest Cal positions are Cin, Ent, PJM, and NEPOOL. 
 The highlights I would focus on are:  1) East Power has traded over 600 million MWh's YTD 2001 (compared to 450 million MWh's for all of 2000) 2) Averaging 350 trades per day on EOL for 2001 YTD (compared to 100 in 2000).   In the last two weeks, EOL daily transactions have averaged nearly 500. 3) Significant improvement in liquidity in all markets - EPMI now trades actively through 2005 in nearly every eastern market. 4) Positive P&L in every Eastern region 5) Outstanding return on VAR. 
 thanks Vince.   I read about this in MW Daily and on Bloomberg.   I think it will be a good project. 
 Will do.  Thanks. 
 Please put on my calender and create interview package. 
 Wow. 
 Let's bring him in for an interview.   Have Johnny Palmer set up. 
 Filing looks good.  My vote is go forward with a clean 205 filing as attached.  If we file the 203 as well, FERC will gravitate directly toward that.   I think we retain more flexibility if we stick with the 205 approach.  Other thoughts?   I will be in Florida (vacation) Wednesday through Friday.    I can be reached via cell and TJ will have my hotel phone #.    In addition, I will check e-mails at least once per day at the hotel business center. 
 Agreed. 
 As soon as I get access to crude, resid, & coal curves, I will grant access to power curves.  Thanks. 
 Looks fine. 
 Please have Grace (or her replacement begin including NYMEX coal, PRB 8800 Coal, Resid 1% and Resid 3% in the curve handout everyday.  Thanks. 
 Please provide power curve access to Jen Fraser in EGM. 
 Please place on drive that the traders can access. 
 Good to hear from you and thanks again for the baby gift - much appreciated.  The family is great - Caitlin just turned 3 and Dane is now 4 months old.  I hope Fran and the kids are doing great - how's your new addition?   We will be going to Miami Sept 13-16 (Miami revenge on Washington) and hopefully we can hook up for a beer.  As far as the guy from Citizens - we really don't know that much about him.   Where is Tony Altman - under a bus somewhere? 
 Portfolio looks good.   Is it valuing options properly?   Can you rename the portfolio "Enron"  Thanks. 
 I am trying to change name to "Presto - Enron" and it won't let me.   How do I change name? 
 Please grant Steve access 
 Thanks 
 I want to make sure that we are adopting a policy whereby any material changes to employment agreements for individual employees are adopted across the board so we are creating consistency for all employees with respect to contract terms and conditions.  I think this is very important from an execution and timing standpoint.   I want to be able to represent to employees that "lawyering" the docs to death is not necessary, because we are going to maintain consistency for all employees.  I would like an affirmative yes on this question by Tuesday am.  Does everyone agree? 
 The options are not valued properly.   The market value is calculated based upon the value of the underlying, which grossly overstates the market value of the portfolio.  The restricted stock (basis of $0) is valued OK, but the options are not.  In addition, the year restricted stock and option grant is not yet in the portfolio. 
 It would help me if the grant dates were listed in the Portfolio details.   This will help me determine if we are missing anything.  Thanks. 
 Did you get my message on option valuation in the portfolio? 
 Except it can't be negative because they were grants at no cost to me.   The problem is the combination of restricted stock which is total market value and options which is gain/loss need to be added together to get total portfolio value.  I was hoping you could trick the system so portfolio value was accurate. 
 Thanks. 
 I think you forgot the cash postion.  I would rather have on-line valuation, even if the $'s aren't perfect.   I like to look at my personal equity portfolio (includes Enron hedging) separate from Enron granted stock and option value.  One portfolio is liquid and the other is not and I monitor differently. 
 I already signed something on this.  Unless I hear otherwise, I am going to ignore this e-mail. 
 Thanks. 
 We just successfully bought out of the 02 OPPD capacity and energy obligation.   Therefore, we don't need to proceed with the diesel installation.  I have instructed Terri to make your group whole on any costs incurred pursuing the diesel development in Nebraska.  In addition, I would like to pursue an 02 LM6000 project inside Ameren (approx. 100-150 MW).   This would be a strategic asset to create a control area around and utilize the flexible interconnections Ameren has with multiple systems.   We also have significant retail load obligations behind IP and Ameren in Illinois.  thanks. 
 750k is BS.   Ron has only been working on this for 3-4 weeks.   He has made one trip to Nebraska.   I expect more like 50-100k in costs incurred.   This is precisely why I told Ron to work directly with Terri on this project.  With respect to Ameren, Ron should work directly with me and Lloyd Will.  thanks. 
 Fine with me if Hunter and Lavo can support it. 
 It needs to look like our wholesale reports (postions shown behind each utility).   In addition, peak and off-peak should be on separate pages.   We should have two views:  1) By utility 2) By counterparty 
 Are you a mind reader.   I set up a once a week meeting every Monday at 4:00pm (EB641) to go through East Positions (wholesale & T&D) and discuss process, deal review, big risk items, new deals, etc.  In attendance will be:  Berney Busby Don Black Rogers Herndon Jay Lewis Joe Wagner Narsima Misra Jubran Whalan  I recommend a bi-weekly meeting with the group of 6 (Belden, Presto, Lavo, Richter, Black, Herndon).   I will assume Kim will coordinate with the asst's to schedule time and location. 
 Calender. 
 Make sure TJ puts on my calender. 
 Wednesday doesn't work for me. 
 OK.  I will have to move my weekly meeting to Tuesday. 
 Not yet. 
 Please respond to request below.  Thanks. 
 I understand all of those comparisons, however, the reality is if we lose Dean (which we will if we don't pay 65k + 10k), we will end up hiring a replacement at 75-80k.   This is pretty easy math for me.  I know it seems like a stretch, but the market for hourly traders is very strong right now.   I would like to get this done ASAP.  Thanks. 
 Are we going to attend? 
 Thanks. 
 Please adjust calender. Thanks. 
 thanks for the invite, but I won't be able to make it. 
 Do you have a list of people for the special trip?   What do you think?  Cabo Courdelane (sp?) Vegas  We need to get the list of names to aviation ASAP. 
 I would support 90 MW at Homestead. 
 Could you take a crack at a draft for the Skilling/Lay presentation.   The presentation should focus on supply/demand (97-02), RTO progess in each region, and the progression of heat rate curves (expanded last year and compressing this year), pricing history, volatility graphs, etc.  Thanks. 
 I agree.   We don't know the base value of the current deal, so how can we make an incremental value decision on a restructuring. 
 Mine.  Looks good.   We should get one suite as well that we can use as a beer drinking hospitality room.   I'll confirm dates with you later today or tommorow.  thanks. 
 Please put together package.   What is this interview for? 
 Thanks Rogers.   I think Steve would fit in with our group well.   I probably need to wait at least a week to let the dust settle on our own people issues.    My guess is we will end up losing 2-3 people and outside candidates then become viable. 
 Rika, This is fine.   However, the Genco related info should be screened. 
 I understand and agree with everything, except 8% was the agreed upon interest rate as noted on the economic runs which establised the demand payment between my book and New Albany, LLC.   It is clear that 8% was the agreed upon rate and the true-up needs to be from 9% to 8%. 
 Please make a recommendation that keeps this individual.   I have given my views, and they are falling on deaf ears.   Please give me a solution that keeps the employee and saves the company money by avoiding replacement cost at 75-80k.   This seems like a real simple business decision and we are making it difficult. 
 Calpine is in complete disarray right now, and the entire future of their c= ompany hinges on CA honoring their long term above market contracts.   Calp= ine's non-CA portfolio is getting killed and I don't think they have hedged= effectively in the non-CA locations. =20 Given these circumstances, the word "below market" is an "f" word, particul= ary with the legal concerns they also have.   I would place a low probabili= ty on getting to a value proposition that makes sense for both parties at D= ighton, particularly with the legal issues. 
 Looks like Enpower is "on the side of the road" with respect to capturing and valuing retail deals.   As we discussed in yesterday's meeting, Plan B is a more robust spreadsheet that unbundles the components and values them separately and creates postions by risk component.  I know this is easier said than done, but we need a tactical solution that gives the group confidence that value and positions are correct, rather than a bundled black box batch value with hard coded assumptions. 
 I think so.   To top things off, there building downtown flooded and the tr= aders are working out of there house.   They have no idea what there positi= ons are, and they are trading almost exclusively on EOL from their home com= puters. =20 What a joke, huh. 
 Please work with Stacey and Donny Vinson to credit New Albany LLC with the 492k. 
 I talked with Lavo and we agreed Herndon and Black should go as well.   I think Zufferli would make 14, but we should be able to squeeze.  I am calling aviation today and I plan on arranging the following:  1) Plane goes to Portland and picks up your guys at 9:00 am on Friday 6/21 (or 6/28 if more notice is required) 2) Plane picks up Houston guys at approx. 3:30-4:00 pm (Houston time) 3) We arrive in Cabo around 7:00 pm. 4) Plane returns to Houston 6:00 pm Sunday 5) Plane continues to Portland and arrives around 8:00 pm (Portland time)  Let me know if this works for you guys. 
 Carson is done and I just talked with Suarez.   I told John he needs to make his decision based on the economics in his package.   150/150 is a great package for Suarez.   I would be uncomfortable increasing based on other areas where we may be short.    Good news on Craw. 
 Didn't we already hang Richter with this at the Monday mtg.   By the way, Lavo has indicated he will just attend our Monday meetings every couple of weeks instead of having a separate meeting. 
 No, I won't be using. 
 You caught that.  I guess that's fair.   We would likely leave around 1:00 pm CPT which would put us in Portland at 2:30 (West time).  Does this work? 
 We need to send someone.  Thanks. 
 You are 100% correct.  That is my impression as well, and that is why I set= up the Monday meeting.  Going forward, the format of those meetings should= be:  =091) Richter presents his area of accountability (West wholesale prosition= , risk systems, deal capture system, status of =09projects, schedule, etc.) =092) Black presents his area of accountability (deal review, west tariff, = and gas) =093) Herndon presents his area of accountability (East wholesale & East ta= riffs) =094) Bernie presents his area of accountability (deal structuring, deal va= luation, new model construction) =095) Busby presents his area of accountability (risk systems and portfolio= valuation - works with Richter) =096) You and I find the holes and provide direction.  Your thoughts? =09 
 Sounds OK for now.   Long term, your portfolio manager should know how to value options. 
 The following people will be making the trip:  Portland			Houston Tim Belden			Kevin Presto Mike Swerbzin			Fletch Sturm Bob Badeer			Dana Davis Jeff Richter			Rob Benson Tom Alonzo			Rogers Herndon Matt Motley			Don Black Mark Fisher John Zufferli  Could you please coordinate with aviation to arrange the Falcon 900 to pick up the Portland crew Friday morning with and then confirm flight details with myself and Tim Belden.   We may have to arrange for Don Black and Rogers Herndon to fly on commercial flight due to space limitations on the Falcon.   Let me know if 14 is over the limit so I can let Rogers and Don know.  Thanks. 
 50k.   Thanks. 
 Thanks. 
 A group of 14 people (West and East Power) will be taking an off-site to Cabo June 22-24.   We would like for you guys to join the group for a wild weekend in Mexico.   That's the good news.  Due to space limitations, we need you guys to fly commercial from Houston to Cabo (on company $'s, of course).   On the way back, you would fly on the company plane, and Zufferli would fly commercial directly to Calgary.  We plan on departing Houston on Friday 6/22 at 3:00 pm and return Sunday at approx. 6:00 pm.  Are you guys in?   We will have a blast. 
 I understand.   If I have too, I will dip into my money.   I think the requests are reasonable and fair with respect to individual's peer group. 
 You will probably be glad you didn't go.   If the boys are in jail in Mexico, you may have to run the desk the next week. 
 Rogers can't attend due to family conflict, therefore, you will be on the corporate jet.   You should be getting a copy of the flight schedule from Kim Hillis via e-mail. 
 Please make sure the meetings I need to attend are on my calender.  thanks. 
 No chance.  He gets nothing other than the pricing model through structuring. 
 Means broken and needs fixed - like your Mercedes. 
 I bet your insurance is a 3 times higher than Calgary. 
 Could I please get an updated valuation summary on the sale of New Albany.   Do not include the $10 million capacity unwind in the economics.  I want only the MTM effects (the accrual benefits are gravy).  Thanks. 
 done. 
 Your welcome. 
 He was under Ed Baughman until approx. 1 month ago.   He is now the Entergy/SOCO scheduler. 
 Below are contacts if you need help over the weekend with new docs, employee questions, etc. Amy Fitzpatrick   Cell:  713-859-6266 Jeanie Sloan   Cell:  713-553-7049  I need to know by noon on Sunday who is in and who is not.   For people not committing, try to get there contracts back so we can re-allocate $'s as necessary.   All contracts signed by Sunday at noon will get a $2500 check from me personally.   I encourage all of you to contribute to the fund to entice early signing.  If you need new docs printed, please contact Amy or Jeanie at above #'s or call me.  Harry - You and your guys situation is different, therefore, ignore the Sunday issue.   However, please contact Amy and/or Jeanie to generate contracts for Steve and Rob (use the $'s we talked about).  List of key employees who have not signed:  Gupta Suarez Carson Broderick Misra Wang Stalford Ballato Imai  The ERCOT desk is almost done (1 more to go) - kudos to Doug  UBS CONTACTS  IN HOUSTON WEEKEND OF JANUARY 19/20 Position        Home    Work    Cell    Other Anderson, Mimi  Data Administration     203-353-9121    203-719-6448 Brown, Anthony  All Issues      212-253-6313    212-821-2346    646-244-6311 Galasso, Jill   Data Administration     203-277-2067    203-719-3614 Lee, Jenai      Data Manager    718-788-8468    212-821-6073  KEY CONTACTS WEEKEND OF JANUARY 19/20 Position        Home    Work    Cell    Other Bliss, Melissa  Front Office    203-655-4678    203-719-6358    203-253-4339 Eastwick, Jacqueline    Front Office    203-966-9294    203-719-4575 Martin, Audrey  Front Office    212-423-5764    203-719-4699    917-468-0237    860-824-7707 Luecke, Susan   Operations      203-602-3332    203-719-6916    914-830-4528 Ciliberto, David        IT      212-253-5477    212-713-3276    917-319-5360 Reichman, Peter FCD/Legal       914-939-4161    203-719-0276    917-417-8914 Knight, Linda   CRM/HR/Market Risk      203-438-5397    203-719-4681    917-848-7251  KEY SPECIALIST CONTACTS WEEKEND OF JANUARY 19/20 Position        Home    Work    Cell    Other Raman, Kumar    Immigration             212-891-7515 Digiacomo, Larry        Reloction/Int'l Assignees       203-248-4560    203-719-4686    203-696-8646 Hart, Tracy     Compensation Policies   203-358-9687    203-719-4688 Raimondi, Vince Benefits        203-563-0535    203-719-0656    203-563-0535  HOUSTONIAN HOTEL        713-680-2626 War Room - Magnolia Room 
 The way you set up the portfolio is very confusing.   Why not have two portfolios:  1) Enron - Restricted (all stock with a $0 basis in this portfolio - should be $400k+) 2) Enron - Options (all ENE stock options - gain/loss column will show intrinsic value)  Thanks. 
 After setting up the portfolio, please customize the view to show the most relevant data.  Thanks. 
 Yes, I think we should make a formal break.   We have separate accountability for retail gen (wholesale plus ancillaries), and I think reg gen plus T&D should have separate accountability as well. 
 We have made great returns on the front of the curve and the back of the curve.   We have significant Cal 02 through Cal 05 positions, that have provided solid profitability.  It is completely inaccurate to say we have made all of our money on the front of the curve. 
 In addition, make sure we understand the steam obligation and it's effect on dispatch flexibity and heat rate.  It appears the 8000 Heat Rate is assuming above market steam sales are buying down the heat rate.   Solar turbines in combined cycle (without a steam sale credit) would usually have a heat rate around 10,000 Btu/kwh.  The lower heat rate is probably predicated on providing 24 hour steam, which means less dispatch flexibility and producing off-peak energy at a loss.  Make sure we are modeling these dynamics properly. 
 I am trying to customize the view and I keep getting an error.   Can you check into this problem.  I want the view for both portfolios to be:		Open Date Quantity Purchase Price Last Price Cost Basis Market Value Gain/Loss Gain/Loss%  Can you make this the default view setting.  thanks. 
 You got it.  I'm learning.   I hope this translates in P instead of L. 
 Thanks. 
 The $5 million is strictly an internal trading #, and is irrelevant from an acct. standpoint.   We can ignore it for the DASH. 
 Do I need to attend.  If so, please put on my calender. 
 Remove. 
 Calender. 
 Approved. 
 You have the latitude to put your key people under contract.   Edith was very clear when I talked to her that she wanted to transition into a marketing role where she would interact directly with customers. 
 I concur.   You know we are likely selling New Albany this week and I am assuming ENA's premium obligation can be terminated in the event of the sale of the asset. 
 Your kidding right?   What's the term?   Remember, I only agreed to the terms for 2001 only. 
 With respect to the flight to Ft. Lauderdale on 9/13, can you see if Steve or Continental can improve our row 25 seats to a bulkhead row for both the outgoing and return flights.   Let me know.  Thanks. 
 Agreed. 
 This was not clear and the only thing I agreed to was a premium for 2001. 
 You got it.  I will be in Cabo this weekend with Wolfe's boss (tim belden - my counterpart in the West) and I will talk with him about their real-time trading needs and timing. 
 EPMI purchased 225 MW of Calender 03 NEPOOL ICAP (Installed Capability) from Calpine at $1.35/kW/Mo.   The parties agreed via a recorded phone conversation (Paul Posoli and Kevin Presto) that the LCRA lawsuit would be dropped and neither party would have any further obligations with respect to that lawsuit.  The parties attorneys have 48 hours to agree on lawsuit termination language, at which time the ICAP transaction becomes a binding obligation on both parties.  Let me know if you need anything else. 
 I support this.   This wan an oversight on our part. 
 You didn't attach anything. 
 Joe will get promoted at year-end.   Associates are not eligible until 18 months of service.   We placed Joe in Superior. 
 Has East Power recognized the 750k refund? 
 Yes, I am very busy today.   I will get back with you tommorow or Friday. 
 I'm not doing this interview.   I told Dave Duran we have no interest, and I'm not going to waste my time on this individual. 
 Short and sweet.   I like it.   You will have to sell your competitiveness and work ethic, because you bring zero experience and your resume reflects that. 
 I will talk with Belden this weekend and I'll get back with you on next step. 
 Can you show me on an Ameren transmission map exactly where this project is. 
 Greg works for Enron North America Wholesale Services (he is Vice President in West Power over hourly trading, middle marketing, and services business).  You got em. 
 Please call Bill Rust  x33801 reg TVA Jan/Feb Transmission when you get a chance.  Thanks Tjae 
 Below are the assumptions agreed for booking the New Albany spread option:  EPMI East Power Book pays New Albany a fixed demand charge for the next 5 years as follows:  2001 $4.72/k/mo 2002 $4.63/kw/mo 2003 $4.54/kw/mo 2004 $4.45/kw/mo 2005 $4.36/kw/mo  As consideration for the demand charge, EPMI has the right to "toll" gas through the facility and receive power in return at a fixed heat rate conversion factor of 12.5 MMBtu/Mwh.   In addition EPMI will pay New Albany $1000 per start (for maintenance reserve fund) and $1.00/Mwh for variable operating costs.  The New Albany, LLC will receive an 8% return on capital.   Book value will be depreciated from $409/kW basis on 1/1/2001 to $336/kW on 12/31/2005.  The facility output assumption is 360 MW with a 95% availability in the summer and 75% availability in the winter.  Jenny - Please revise the booking of New Albany in Rogers book effective tonight. 
 Could you please come check Kevin Presto TV....he thinks the cable is out of it. Thanks Tjae 
 You can set up the Tv's now per Fletch thanks again,,,,Tjae 
 Below are the EPMI proposed bid/offer spreads for EES.   These are very aggressive markets given the liquidity issues and regulatory uncertainty that still exist in the Eastern Interconnect.   There are no other counterparties in the market that will consistently make the proposed 2-ways. 
 The following is the understanding I have with Chris Calger regarding Scott Healy's involvement in East Power initiatives:  Since Auburndale is effectively dead, Scott will no longer be involved on this project. Scott will support the Haywood, Georgia, & Calvert City development site sales through Q1 2001, with East Power getting 100% of the P&L value and Scott Healy getting personal performance credit.   If Ben elects to continue to use Scott's services beyond Q1 2001, a value sharing agreement between Ben, Calger and myself will have to be agreed upon. Jeff Ader will make a decision (after consultation with me) as to Scott's continued involvement on the fuel cell tax monetization and Dighton restructuring project.   If Jeff makes the decision that Scott needs to remain actively involved in order to close the transaction, a value sharing agreement will be made between Jeff, Calger, and myself.    The value allocation % will be agreed upon upfront within the next week.   If a fair value sharing agreement cannot be reached, Jeff will transition responsibility to another member of his origination team.  Chris - Do you agree with the above description? 
 New Albany will accept proposal assuming my deductible is limited to $1 million per occurence and my BI deductible is limited to 30 days and includes full replacement revenue (less marginal fuel costs) after the 30 day period. 
