 and see what happens 
 my offer is 3.005 based on a  settle of 3.033 and a volume adjustment of -0.046 
 no but whe will be out numbered by ut fans 
 ricardo is using it for JoAnne 
 yes she did , we can put the two of them together so they can cheer for ut 
 KELLI,  The strip settled 3.255 volume 1 is -12 cents volume 2 is - 8 cents 
 hold on you got russell diamonds quote 
 i did , thnx 
 I came up with a - 0.06 cent adjustment live quote of 2.885 all in price 
 The strip settled 3.255 volume 1 is -12 cents volume 2 is - 8 cents 
 ok here it is  settle was 3.22 and the offer is + 0.20 
 where are you at now baby ?  ILY dq 
 volume 1	settle is 3.198 curve adjust is -.135 and bid is -0.063 less all in bid of  3.01 volume 2	settle is 2.997 curve adjust is -.05 and offer is +0.033  all in offer of  2.98 volume 3	settle is 3.198 curve adjust is -.055 and bid is -0.043 less all in bid of  3.10  let me know if you have any questions ? 
 settle was 3.195 volume 1    curve adjustment of -0.02  and bid is -0.08 total of -0.10 volume 2    curve adjustment of -0.015 and bid is -0.05 total of -0.065 
 can we move this to the 32 floor of the enron building ? 
 yes in johns office 
 Just wanted to let you know that i was thinking about you  love dq 
 good luck on getting it all done baby , just get the deals done and the money is secondary do not be so hard on yourself , just figure out home much it is to your pocket book to put it all in a reasonable perspective  ily  dq 
 Errol,  Go ahead and flip the swap it should be a buy.  Thanks  dq 
 i can attend 
 what trade ? i never saw anything 
 ia m interested in henry but can not give up jj b/c of injuries and bye weeks for my other wr 
 i would do just the rb's 
 mason is on a bye week but i can give you him , or ike is on the injury list but expected to take 15 to 20 snaps this week 
 no change on the numbers i gave you the last time the settlement last night was about 0.025 cents to low for that term the settle was 3.196 
 thanks again for listening last night , I wish you the best today  ily dq 
  plus .015 for the curve adjustment 
  me too tough day 
 hey ricardo , I owe money to woody and crawford so can you write them a check when you see them at softball to take care of the uh season tickets  woody's check is $50  and kevin one for $100  thnx  dutch 
 I talked to Kathleen last night and she said you talk to her already I will assume that you found her number Hope that you are having a happy New Year  Dutch 
  thnx man you're the king 
 i have never spoke with the nymex in regards to this , it was a cqg or a telerate formula or function depending on the feed 
 the nymex number is 1-800-438-8616 
 i agree with this one , can we put this into production for nov. also can you create the pen swap and spread for nov  dq 
 i love you , talk later 
 did you bring any  cookies ? 
 not burned 
 i feel for you huby to be then 
 it was Greg and the confirmation person at chase on a conference call that i talked to  dq 
 no need for a correction i just want the future emails to have the correct info I will get with Laura  thnx dq 
 John,  I sent broker quotes for 12/18 to Jay Williams today from Spectron , PMG and Man.  Emial system was down yesterday and was unable to send them yesterday.  I will be in later today.  Dutch 
 Laura ,  When you get a chance I would like to talk to you in regards to the hours that you report  Dutch 713-853-9257 
 not at all , i jsut want things done and reported as correct as possible  dq 
 mighty testy on the complement , next time I just keep my stay silent  but you do look nice today  dq 
 all I said was you look nice , and you do I did not think that you are interviewing b/c you will not find better people to work with like me : )  dq 
 yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
 arnold is off the desk can you swing a few cookies by : ) 
 very good , thnx 
 ily baby 
 here it is plain and simple the problem is that the procedures that are in place are not followed follow the procedures and there is no problem 
 what is you fax number  as direct as i can be , you should not be in the middle of this do not get me wrong , i know that you are trying to help it is just that there has been a break down in procedures and if you catch things it is generally to late  dq 
 kelli,  use plus 15 off of the curve from last night 
 when ever you have time , no hurry thnx dq 
 if you see woddy do not give he a check , i paid him what i needed to just make a check out to crawford for the full amount pls at the game  laters dq 
 i agree 
 http://cgi.ebay.com/aw-cgi/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&item=1472965587   it does not look like what i have seen before but the price tells me it is an original form some plantation 
 Sorry to hear that Richard , Will send prayers now and gifts later  dq 
 richard and carrie cancelled the b-day party due to the baby being sick called about the lawn and left a msg , told him we would leave a check for $25 on the back patio  i slept just fine , hope you feel better  dq 
 O:\Global_Trading\Financial_Trading\Daily Settles.xls 
 that sounds good on the flowers , mo is having her going away thing after work , so i will be home later after that ok  dq 
 you can go and i can meet later around 8 ish ?????  what do you think ? 
 i shared with you the fact that people on this floor see me as a likeable person and that the give me a hard time when it cames to some woman on the floor , the fact that they will stop by and chat  Mo is a friend of mine that nothing has nor will ever go any farther than that , just a friendship  I did tell you about this and i am sry that you did not remember , you only compound this by cancelling dinner with RK and Heather & i do not know how these things get so turned around between us 
 and by the way you have gone out with your work group or people from ees and have not invited me or did not tell me about it until you were leaving to go join them  i am not mad about that , but i am upset with you attitude right now 
 dq 
 so are we tailgating or what ??? 
 thats fine , at 3 pm is fine 
 that will work 
 back at ya....... 
 on these assignments how much can be taken from the NYMEX web site ? I was finishing the write up and came across there web presentation that is much more detailed. Can we copy it over to be used ?  dq 
 can we move our meeting up to 2:30 i have another meeting at 3:45 that i have to attend ?  dq 
 use plus 10 for the 3 year 
 yes 
 Here is the EOL information   Dutch 
 we do not have that data 
 the price on the eol data that you have is the bid or the offer depending on if the trade is a buy or a sell we buy is our bid and when we sell it is our offer 
 term is Jan 02 to Sep 09 total volume is 358.6 contracts the volume adjust is -0.045 cets the all in bid as of 10:05 am is $3.60  call before closing this deal dutch 3-9257 
 good to see you made it back to the states  where are the dreads ???  dq 
 I just wanted you to know that i am thinking about you and hope that you are having a ok day  ily  dq 
 at 3.525 
 Question 1: When we talk about "the market" reacting to events, what are the prices that we are talking about? From a simulation standpoint, I am trying to figure out what prices we need to show as being affected by these many events.  Is it the forward curve? Is it the spot market price?  Is the bid/offer prices for the various instruments? And, if we are having users trade basis, we will need different prices for different locations, right?  [Quigley, Dutch] for each event we need to build a change matrix that will change the previous price curve to a new one depending on each event it could change all parts of the sport and forward curve  Question 2: Given that the calculation of VaR is rather involved, we decided that it would not be worth our effort to have that calculation in the model. However, we understand that the user needs to 1) know their VaR and 2) know that they need to make sure they stay within their VaR limit.  So, we will need to set a VaR limit for the user and "fake" the individual VaR to reflect their risk exposure.  I had a talk with Erro McLaughlin about this.  He made a good point that if our user are not expected to understand the complexity of how a VaR is calculated, will they know how to control their VaR, i.e. if a user sees that he is over his VaR limit, what should he do to get it back within the limit.  Is is as simple as not being too long or too short? And if that is the case, would it be sufficient to use position reports/tallies as a proxy for risk exposure, instead of VaR?  One possible way to fake VaR may be to adjust the VaR number to reflect how exposed the user is. So if they are X dollars long, they have a VaR of Y. If they change their position so that they are now 1.5X long, they have a VaR of 1.5Y.  Perhaps we can also throw in a factor that takes into account market volatility.  What are your thoughts?  [Quigley, Dutch] Instead of a VaR number we could set position limits that they must stay within at all times i.e. over all position can not be outside a set range , NYMEX Risk can not exceed +/- 500 contracts Basis & Index Risk can not exceed +/- 1000 contracts so for and so on Therefore not having to calculate VaR and expect the user to understand what to do to stay with in limits     Lastly, when could you meet with me next week? I would really like to meet on Tuesday, if possible.  [Quigley, Dutch] can you check with your team , I am to meet with them on Monday and Tues. so see if you can squeeze into one of the times or we can make a new one  Dutch 
 I set for the couch to be delivered tomorrow between 5:30 at 6:30   dq 
 Ina,  My badge would not scan in the sky ring and also takes many swipes get in to the main floor and also to open the doors on 32. Can you find out if I can get a new on with out going down there myself ?  thnx  dq 
 thats fine 
 yes i had planned to meet them , good luck on your call 
 the curve adjustment is 0.095 the mid to offer spread is 0.035  dq 
 I LOVE YOU  dq 
 dutch_quigley is my yahoo user name 
 thnx for taking care of the badge  dq 
 I would like to talk to you this after noon after 1:30 about another chart  let me know when  dq 
 http://www.irs.gov/prod/ind_info/tax_tables/tax_sched.html 
 yes i love you baby 
 Errol,  Deal NS5777.2  , from 7/27/2000 of last year,  should have been killed along time ago. Can you kill the deal in the system please. This might come up as a prior period adjustment, I do not know what happens when they are this old. 
 dutch_quigley@yahoo.com  will relpy later ,glad to hear about the good drive.  dq 
 Thanks for the call, I was on vacation. Lets set up a time to talk , later in the day is best for me. Let me know when is a good time for you.  Dutch 713-853-9216 
  Kirk, As I am just catching up, I am not the one for storage and transportation issues as i do not trade them on a regular basis. I was under the impression i was working on the options and futures. Yes there has not been any meeting with me for the past two weeks.  As for the conversion and arbitrage problems let me know , I am not sure what these are but am will to help.  Dutch 
 i can go over this with monica 
 i can draw out the graphs and know out many of the red items on this one tomorrow also when i meet with monica 
 Kirk,  I know I have been slow on this project and will work on getting all needed info to the accenture group so that this project can be done. I am meeting with Monica and Laura this week and will get all needed info turned in to them ASAP.  Dutch 
 Monica,  Can we meet for more than 1 hour tomorrow ? I sent an email to Laura to change meeting with her until Wednesday.  Dutch 
 this works 
 west- san juan please change deal V96295 from gas daily to just a nymex swap, this is an internal deal no confirms to change 
 luv you too  dq 
 agreed these are just swaps that settle last day  dutch 
 the size of the trade and the curve adjustment are a wash just let me know when you want to close and i can get you a number  dutch 
 This file does not contain Options or the future crosses that were done today. 
 Agreed that enron is buying from Duke see file for volumes and terms 
 Henry H Quigley 2009 Gillette Houston TX 77006  713-533-0882 
 Hey Bro,  My wife worked here also and has been let go. I work for the Natural Gas Trading group that they are trying to sell. Should know by the end of the week about my job. I was just talking to Kevin Crawford about you 2 weeks ago when we were in Vegas. Good to know that you are still out there. How are you doing these days ?  Dutch 
 i am planning on it, i told pete that he ran off another book admin 
 Great Idea Howard. Can you add dutch_quigley@yahoo.com as my email address. Look forward to the happy hour.  Dutch 
 To All,  I am the one that was on the phone with the original call on the deal last Friday night and in contact with them up until this past Sunday. Let me know what I can do to help on this deal.  Dutch Quigley 
 That's fine with me , i was just trying to clean up any lose ends 
 Ricardo,  Thanks for the thought the other day. Kay has been laid off as of this week. I am still working until a deal can be done to sell off the trading arm of the company. Will know in the next week or two.  Dutch 
 Purvi,  Thanks for the note. I am still working. Should know more with in a week. Who would have thought that this would ever happen. Life outside of work is going great. I feel blessed about that to help me through these tough times.  How are you doing, work and personally ?  Dutch 
 It has been a pleasure getting to know you. Let me know if you need anything.  Dutch HM 713-533-0882 Cell 713-301-2530 
 Hey Lee,  My work Number has changed to 713-853-9216. I was going through my voice mail on my old ext. I heard a msg from Friday. Just wanted to give you a heads up.  I had a great time coming over last Friday , we will have to have you and Beca come over soon.  Dutch 
  I have signed up for electricity through New Power and would like to be added to the pilot program.  NewPower Connections Remote Energy Management Solution   Henry Quigley 3503 Durness Way Houston TX 77025 
 what job did you end up taking ? 
 Ina,  I gave you a cellular bill to be expensed last week or early this week, do you still have it ?  Also do you have the flight info for Miami and hotel info ?  dutch 
 yeah i am going i will touch base with you later 
 it is heading south alright , all of the options are out of the money so it really does not matter ok on the rest , we need to talk about the living arrangement and see what we think as too do we want to buy or jsut rent , can we talk tonight ?? 
 ok 
 I LOVE YOU 
 the curve adjustment is 0.13 the mid to offer spread is 0.035 
 OK , so bid week is over and i go and try and start cutting and pasting the info in and when i try and log in there is not log in button where i type in my login and password , what do i need to do  dutch 3-9257 
 Coral	Jeff Whitnah	713-767-5374 Relaint	Steve McGinn	713-207-4000 
 bp corp	Albert LaMore	281-366-4962  running the reports now 
 http://gasmsgboard.corp.enron.com/  http://gasfundy.corp.enron.com/gas/framework/default.asp  http://enaresearch.corp.enron.com/research/framework/default.asp 
 Sarah ,  What I was remembering was the front months exposures we had at EDF MAN. Prior to moves                After DEC	-2,003			 1,967 JAN	10,502			-1,588 FEB	 1,338			   552 MAR	-7,013			   188 APR	 5,831			     33  the over all position before the move was 1,240 and as of yesterday it is 4,205.  Let me know what the concerns are at EDF MAN and the request that they are making. We can shift some positions around if the have levels by months that they want us to stay under.  Dutch 
 Sarah,  That's is fine , I have talk to martin since I have been at ENE for the past 2 1/2 years, so we will get together as needed to handle these concerns.  Dutch 
 Duke	Chris Springer	713-989-0967 
 call me on this 3-9257 
 i need a unlisted phone number pls  Dutch Quigley 
 Monica,  We need to reschedule our meeting to some time next week.  Dutch 
 I just want you to know that i am sorry for everything that i have done Kay I love you and i want to be your husband forever ILY Dutch  PS I have changed my work number , having my cell phone changed , not talked to her when she called and will work on the last thing 
 Larry,  Good to hear from you this morning, I will get back to you thoughout the day when trading is lighter 
 Sarah anymore fall out with fimat ?? talking to edf now 
 My new cell phone # is 713-301-2530  LOVE dq 
 I have changed my phone numbers to the following Cell - 713-301-2530 WK - 713-853-9216  Dutch 
 Gerri,  I assume this is for all commodities at EDF Man, would Frank have the break down in about 1 hour ?  Dutch 
 Gerri ,  Frank gave me the info that per the EDF statement NG margin is 17,062,684 with them From what you see is this number possible ?  Dutch 
 Just wanted to let you know that i am thinking of you ILY dq 
 thnx Gerri 
 I LOVE YOU BABY  dq 
 not a good time the market is picking up, call later please 
 Monica,  Due to several projects that have arisen I have been out of pocket the past week and a half. My schedule would allow for us to meet later in week next week, lets go for Thursday Nov 8th.  Dutch My New Phone number 713-853-9216 
 that is great baby keep up the great work 
 Kaye, =20 Please send this to John Emert =20 David, =20 This is the section to take care of having 3 counterparties involved. Our legal dept is still writting the 90 no margin section. I will get that to as soon as it is done. =20 Dutch 713-853-9216=20  Each of the parties to this Agreement recognizes and acknowledges that the = parties are acting and agreeing to perform their obligations hereunder in r= eliance upon (i) the timely execution and delivery by [legal name of other = counterparty] ("Third Party") and Party A of a transaction in substantially= the form attached hereto as Exhibit A ("Third Party Transaction A") and wo= uld not otherwise agree to execute, deliver and perform under this Agreemen= t if Third Party and Party A were not contemporaneously executing and deliv= ering Third Party Transaction A and (ii) the timely execution and delivery = by Third Party and Party B of a transaction in substantially the form attac= hed hereto as Exhibit B ("Third party Transaction B") and would not otherwi= se agree to execute, deliver and perform under this Agreement if Third Part= y and Party B were not contemporaneously executing and delivering Third par= ty Transaction B.  The effectiveness of this Agreement shall be subject to = the condition that contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of thi= s Agreement Party A and Third Party execute and deliver Third Party Transac= tion A and Party B and Third Party execute and deliver Third Party Transact= ion B. 
 Kaye, Please send this to John Emert also David, This is the section to take care of the non margining that we discussed Dutch 713-853-9216    Additional Provision:  Party A and Party B agree that from November__, 2001 Through  __, 2001 this Transaction shall not constitute a Transaction for purposes Of the calculation of  "Exposure Amount " and " Not Exposure "  As such terms are defined in Annex A to the ISDA Master Agreement dated as of February 28, 1992 between Party A and Party B. 
 thnx for the update Gerri 
 Sarah,  Trading on EOL for the most part is normal.  Dutch 
 I LOVE YOU HONEY 
 Gerri ,  Did he say why he could not confirm the money transfer ?  Dutch 
 Gerri,  Do you know who pays the brokers commissions each month ? I am trying to gather the per transaction costs they we pay on the exchange.  Dutch 
 Gerri ,  We , the financial natural gas desk , were under the impression that dealings with EDF Man are suppose to be conducted as normal. I am calling EDF to find out why are money ahs not been wired as normal.  Dutch 
 http://gasmsgboard.corp.enron.com/msgframe.asp 
 will do Gerri 
 Gerri,  They David Early told me that you have already been contacted that the money would come over ? They told me that it would.  Dutch 
 I have been woundering also, thnx for letting me know that this was going on this morning  dq 
 Sarah,  Yes they tried to keep our money but I made a few phone calls and they are sending us our money as they should be.  Thnx  dq 
 Mojo,  that is sweet , pardon the pun those cakes look great , what is in the casino cake ? it looks pretty cool  How are things going for you ? Have you settled into a groove yet ?  This past weekend was great for me. I spent the entire weekend with Kay , we had dinner with my parents on sat. Night and just hung out the entire weekend. I have had a very different out look on life lately and it has been working well for me. I have started to ask alot more questions instead of always assuming the answer. It has been working well for me.  Hope all is good with you.  Laters  dq 
 So on the EDF Man acct if we executed and cleared throught them the total cost paid to EDF is  what ? with the Floor rate 1.25 & clearing 0.90 
 do you also have the NYMEX fees ? 
 NYMEX fees are the same regardless of the Broker correct 
 Franky,  lets meet next week when we get into the new building  dq 
 Good Morning Baby  Hope that you have a great day , i am thinking of you  ILY  dq 
 Ina,  Three things please;  1. Do I order business cards through you or the associate program 2. For my left line I need a shoulder rest & a mount put under my desk 3. I need a tray that will mount on to the divider of the desk  Let me know what I need to do so I can get this done  Dutch 
 Can I order the Block of butter pls.........  that is great mo  Hope you are enjoying as well as learning laters  dq 
 what is on sunday ? 
 Gerri ,  I just got your msg , in the future pls call me at 713-853-9216 , i have recently changed my phone number. I am not sure if you have the extension for me.  We have talked to Man but I do not know at this time the status of the money. Will let you know when I hear anything.  Dutch 
 oh , we might go to the UT game one Sat. so I am not sure if i could play or not on Sunday 
  just to give you shit about your boys losing in OT  anything new with vegas ?? 
  yes still meeting on thursday 
 will do Paul , i have passed the info on at this time 
 Geoff ,  Here are the positions that jaron are willing to swap out of at this time. Let me know if you want me to talk to him about an out of the money deal.  Dutch 
 Carlos,  Can you send me the p&l file, thanks  Dutch 
 luv ya too honey 
 yeah we read that when it came out of all the stuff they could write about they pull that out 
  sure that would be great 
 I am in 
 Anne  Can we discuss this tomorrow when I meet from 2:30 to 4:30  dq 
 dinner for 4 monday night at 8 pm  would you rather of gone jsut the 2 of us ????? 
 yes please on the directions 
 ok done 
 ENE Sells to Bank of America out of the money swap    Apr 2 Dec 2 ENE Buys out of the money from Duke                         Apr 2 Dec 2 Duke buys out of money from B of A                             Apr 2 Dec 2  Volumes and Price to be set in order to create about $30-$50 million depending on ENE exposure to Duke 
 well i will chime in on the "who the hell lives out there comment" 
  login - dquigle password - qwer1asdf 
 Dear Ernesto ,  Welcome to the pleasure of planning an event for your asshole friends. This has been a long standing tradition that the person that gets sucked or suckered into planning an outing for the group gets bitched at non stop until the event happens. The next step is "the event" that will be the turning point of this bitching. There are two outcomes, 1.	Everyone has a good time and you will bitch back and it will be lessened to good friendly humor 2.	Everyone is pissed b/c they drove 100 miles , they play bad and blame you for picking a bad place to play, they kill you and bury you in a sand trap on the number 12 hole , finish the round and never mention your name again.  All I have to say Ernie is good luck on everyone play GOLF well this Sunday.  Live the next few days to the fullest , they might be your last.  Long live Ernesto  Dutch 
 Monica ,  I can not meet this afternoon , email me any materials to look over and questions that you have.  Dutch 
 I canceled this meeting , I will look at the info and get back to you 
 is your im user id beckyoung17 ?? 
 agreed 
 can he swing through downtown houston on his way to kingwood from tomball 
 Hey Ernie,  Tee Times and directions pls , I am in for hooter after we play golf  dq 
 Click here: AOL Local Guide: Houston - What's Going On - Kingwood Cove Golf Course - Map Here is a link to Mapquest showing Kingwood Cove. It sounds pretty easy.  59N (north of 1960) to Hamblen Rd.  Turn East til you get to 805 Hamblen Rd. Tee times are at 8:06 and 8:12 Kevin if you wish I can give you a wake up call. 
 nothing set i was thinking of just trying to walk onto herman or memorial or any coarse for that matter, i just want to play 
 I LOVE YOU BABY dq 
 Hi David ,  At this time I do not know of a rotation on the NYMEX desk. Both Justin and myself are both Associates currently on the desk that will not be rotating for some time now.  Dutch 
 Good morning,   I LOVE YOU KAY  dq 
 he sent the whole group one last week and one to me over the weekend 
 did he bark much when i left 
 thats good , he is getting better this plane crash is crazy in new york give me a call when you get a chance just to say hi  dq 
 so does this mean we to take a photo with us and rex for x-mas cards...  ILY dq 
 I will call today to change the reservation to 6 people  http://www.emerils.com/restaurants/delmonicolv/  dq 
 Hey Mo ,  When you get a minute I would like to chat about your doggie We got a boxer pup this weekend and I wanted to ask you a few things about you pit bull  dq 
 I have used Falls A/C and Heating a couple of time and was pleased with them. I do not have the number off the top of my head but I'm sure that they are listed.  Would you be interested in golf on Sat ?  Dutch 
 hey honey if you are making appointments can you get me a massage on sat morning around 8 - 9 if possible if not at that time i just want go in and use the spa and get ready down there   Love you baby  dq 
 I believe the dog is in the back of the KMB express truck along with all the flees I picked up from Pierre's circus  dutch 
 its a truck and the eggs are not the same as the puppies , toddles 
 Hey Kevin,  What is the name of the boarding place you use ?  dq 
 that is true , luv ya babe 
 that is great , that is what we were thinking right 
 when are we leaving friday ? i think we should check the flights to make sure they are still runnning it the fao thing tonight or tomorrow ?  dq 
 love you honey  dq 
 thats great , b/c that means the rex did not bark that much :)  have a great day 
 Here are the positions that you requested from John. 
 Ina,  You can book my flight from Houston with everyone else. Sorry for the pain of having to wait on me.  Dutch 
 I am sorry for not calling you last night I LOVE YOU KAY  dq 
 i am out until next weds. will get back to you then 
 John,  I called Ben and left a msg to call you in reagrds to the below email.  Dutch 
 my new location is 06357 
 Monica,  I read through all the info and lets meet next Tuesday and take care of all the concerns that you have out lined I can also draw out all of the option payout graphs for you at this time. Lets set for a 2:30 meeting .   Dutch 
 Ina,  Can you set up a room for me to meet with the Accenture Team on Tues. at 2:30.  Thnx  dq 
 i am in the new building so let me get a new room ....will get back with you 
 lets start at 3pm today, I need to get a few things done first with the exchange first I changed the meeting with Laura so that we can work as long as we need to  dq 
 Carlos,  Do you have the penultimate position for the Canadian book ?   Dutch 
 Ina,  Did you find out anything on my expense check ?  dq 
 so how long is the turn around on exp checks these days ? 
 Joe,  I am predicting 1 dollar per square and the pico is always welcome , along with you too  see you there  dq 
 you can yell at them again for me ok  : ) 
 please change deals from gas daily to nymex  VB2484 VB2486 
 Errol,  what is the username and password ? 
 thats cool , is there going to be a site set up that has all of the books that roll up t0  johns p&l ? 
 the offer is 4.275 
 yes the coversion is 5.825 so ie 4.891 is 28.49 
 deal VC5559.1 volume should be 10,000 per day please check this deal it came across as EOL 10,000 lots per month 
 4025 bid on 64243147 volume 4035 bid on 30310857 volume 408 offer on 33395444 volume 
 Collin,  I saved a file in the _dropbox named cash feed for john Can you add the eol listener so that john can listen to the eol bid and asks for different products Just add a new worksheet  Let me know when this can be done  Dutch 
 Can you give me an update on the new book for john , he wants to place trades into this book asap  Dutch 
 if you want to bring the veggie tray that would be great otherwise just you and the family  see you there  dq 
 I am glad to hear that the move went well. I am sure that you will do great and that you will learn alot. I do not know if you got a hold of Kori or not but she has been here during the week and gone on the weekends. I will be in sunny Florida this weekend and will be thinking of all my gator friends : )  Hope everything is going great  Dutch 
 is your net send working ?  mine is not 
 what is you msn name 
 let me try this again what is your yahoo id 
 Two statues in a city park, one female and one male, had faced each other for many years. One morning, an angel appeared and told the statues, "Since you have both brought enjoyment to many people for years, I'm giving you your greatest wish and bringing you to life for 30 minutes. In that time you may do whatever you like." And the statues came to life.  Smiling at each other, they ran toward a stand of trees and dove behind a couple of bushes. The angel smiled as she listened to them giggling and rustling in the grass. After 15 minutes, the statues emerged from the bushes, smiling and happy. The angel was puzzled. "You still have 15 minutes. Would you like to continue?"  The male statue looked at the female and asked, "Do you want to do it again?" "Oh, yes!" the female statue said. "But this time YOU hold the pigeon down and I'LL poop on its head!" 
 06/04/2001 The San Francisco Chronicle FINAL E.10 (Copyright 2001)  THE BUDDHA SAYS that we take wisdom where we find it. Perhaps the Buddha does not say that, but it's not a bad idea anyway. The Buddha would have said it, maybe, had he not been saying the other things. Our enemies can teach us lessons. Our adversaries can make us stronger. They can be consumed with greed and contempt, their very breath can be toxic, and yet their actions can open upward-flowing paths. Take Enron, the energy company, or Chevron, another energy company, or El Paso Natural Gas, yet another energy company. These organizations are the minions of Satan. They pillage and they profit. They are in the ascendant. Their enemies fall before them like cordwood. Ordinary citizens cower and meekly hand over tribute. And yet we thank them. We send our investigators after them and we pray that their executives land in jail, but we thank them. They have shown us the nature of our enslavement. They have defined the nature of our sloth. We have believed the Big Lie. We have believed in the free lunch. We have trusted those who would pander to us. We have eaten energy in great dripping gobs. Did we know it was not infinitely renewable? Oh yes. Did we understand that energy companies could create "shortages" whenever they wanted merely by closing plants for "maintenance"? You bet we did. And did we confuse the energy companies with charitable organizations and/or alchemists able to repeal the laws of nature? We did not. But it was more convenient to forget those things, and so we did. We have busy lives. We must do the things we must do. The infrastructure is everywhere crumbling, and we are patching it up ourselves. We are paying bureaucrats with taxes, but the bureaucrats are inadequate, so now the spirit of volunteerism is much praised. Volunteers are people who do jobs that other people are being paid to do but don't. AND SOMEHOW, EVEN in a society as relentlessly materialistic as this one, we forgot about our own checking accounts. Already seduced by the idea that credit card debt is good clean fun, we decided to waste a lot of money using energy we didn't need. I'm not talking about using a washing machine instead of going down to the river and beating your clothes with small stones -- I'm talking about washing machines with quarter-full loads and settings far too powerful for the task at hand. Right? Lights burning in unoccupied rooms. Appliances plugged in but never used. We pay for it. We send our wonderful money straight to the largest villains in American commerce because we are too stupid to do anything else. You wonder why they have contempt for us. You wonder why Dick Cheney believes he can fool all of the people all of the time. Because he has. Look: Last week the secretary of commerce suggested means-testing Social Security -- that is, means-testing a pension plan. You gave us the money, we kept it for 40 years, now -- prove that you need it! Why did he suggest that? Because he can! Why did PG&E demand additional compensation for its executives, who are moral dimbulbs and social criminals under any fair definition? Because they can get away with it! They will get away with it! You watch! I AM NOT saying that we have no one to blame but ourselves. There are active villains, and there are people who allow villainy to occur. Everyone in a corrupt system is corrupt. The fools are the ones who don't end up with any extra money. We are the fools. If we understand our foolishness, we begin to be wise. We send lovely bread-and-butter notes to Enron -- once we were blind, but now we see. And we await developments, or create them. 
 Ina,  I still have not gotten my last two expenses , can you see if john has approved them are where the snag is also from the trip how do I expense out a cash expense with out a receipt ie paying at crowbar for 6 people ?  Dutch 
 thanks for checking on that , it was $120 for the club , how should i put it on my next exp report ? 
 ok 
 4.17 offer 
 Hey Baby Here is my response to Ernie read his first it is at the bottom   Hope that you have a great day and let me know if I can do anything for you baby  dq    thats really very cute and i liked your rhyme to boot  i have tons of time with enron in its decline  please wear your underwear while you cheer and no not swear  wings would be great please do not be late  on another note and this is no joke  when is the dralion show so that i can plan to go  p ditty d 
 Purvi,  Glad to see you working on some good stuff : )  you need to pull out a black sholes calculation and input the varialbles that you were given and then call a power options trader to ask for a marekt to check the resonableness of the model models can be way off on options due to skew and market conditions  good luck 
 Purvi,  I have not heard any major news on the ENE stock , we are all just watching it drop most energy company stocks are in decline right now , wal street is bearish with energy stocks until california gets settled  How is the new group ?  Dutch 
 Ina,  Please order a mic and speakers for my computer  dutch 
 thanks , i had not seen this 
 Hey Lee,  I was checking my msg for the claims adjuster and realized you left a msg , anytime you want to get a hold of me just email me or stento me at 5952 , I never know when I have a msg on these phones  the market was weak this morning mainly due to power and then cash came in strong around 9:45 then that was followed by short covering and stop losses , during this the front was strong and the back was weak and then the back picked up support when the front got over 4.30 and the back pushed it up from there  All of this in front of aga  what a day  dq 
  last night settle for this strip was 4.362      bid 4.33 at 4.39 is there a time frame on this deal ? 
 4.30 bid at 4.40 for 580 contracts over 20 years 
 change eol deal VH2717.1 with IDACORP Energy L.P. to 4.1675 
 thnx 
 Ina,  John got a new phone and needs a shoulder rest  dq 
 thnx , see you then 
 thank you very much 
 thanks for the offer, but i can not get out would y'all want to play on the weekend to brush up ? 
 hey denise,  i just wanted to say that i am alive and well thank you for all of the sweet messages that you have left they have brightened up my day everytime I have been very busy with all the flood stuff and will soon be packing up whats left in the house to take it to storage Kay and my self are still very dayd to day  I LOVE YOU NISE 
 381 bid 
 no just yahoo   :   dutch_quigley 
 my bid is 3.61 
 there is a good coarse next to richard in baytown i lost my texas nation ticket in the flood but i would still go Kevin gets back this weekend and i will ask if he wants to play I am up to play anytime 
 settles was 3.542 bid is 3.515 
