 we meeting? 
 I'm having faxed to each of you a summary that was prepared by Michelle Lokay of the bids that were received by third parties for the USGT capacity. I understand that the preference is to provide FERC with a summary rather than the actual bids. 
 Michelle,  Here's a draft of the letter. Please let me know what you think. Thanks.   Bill 
 Greg,  When you have a chance, I think it would be a good idea for me to brief you on the latest developments regarding Enron Compression Services. 
 Charlie,  I think your summary is very good. I would like to add that although Midland cannot discontinue service to ENA for failure to pay the $88,816.33 and $39,881.55 invoices, Midland can shut off service if ENA fails to pay any future invoices. So, it's imperative that someone from Northern very closely monitor the situation with ENA and Midland to ensure that ENA makes the necessary payments. In addition, the bankruptcy court may require ENA to provide Midland with "adequate assurance" of future payments. If required, this will most likely take the form of a cash deposit or a letter of credit. Again, if ENA fails to provide this adequate assurance, Midland may discontinue service. 
 Actually, I recommended that we attach the entire bids and not the summaries. I believe it was Mary Kay and Steve Kirk who thought the summaries would be better. 
 Steve,  I understand from Maria Pavlou that you are reformatting and also perhaps editing the data request responses that I drafted. Please forward to me a copy of the proposed revisions as soon as they're available so that I can review them. Thanks. 
 ENA's bankruptcy lawyers are supposed to be sending out a signed copy of the letter today. When I receive it, I'll fax it to Charlie so he can forward it directly to the appropriate person(s) at Midland. 
 Lorraine,  Thanks for forwarding the attached message. The way I read this, PSNM is effectively withdrawing its demand for the collateral as long as we don't use the contract. We should probably send them a letter confirming that this is the case. I would suggest that you just send an e-mail in response stating that what PSNM has proposed is acceptable and that our understanding is that PSNM will not require collateral as long as we don't utilize the contract. Therefore, PSNM's demand for collateral by December 15 is, based on our understanding, withdrawn. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks. 
 Raquel,  Could you please have my expense report folder hand delivered to me? I'm in EB4788. Thanks. 
 Greg,  I had a dental appointment this morning so I didn't get your message until after 8:30. Do you have some time today to talk about the status of TW's contracts with Enron Compressor Services? I think it will take about 15 minutes. I'm here all day. So, just about any time is good for me. Thanks. 
 Patsy,  Since I haven't heard back from you re the e-mail I sent earlier this week, I assume that you're going to pass on the Nutcracker. Although I'm disappointed, I guess it's better to know this now rather than further down the road.  Anyway, I just wanted to let you know that I really enjoyed meeting you and talking with you. You're a very, very nice person. So, I hope you find the person you're looking for. Take care and best wishes for you and your family. Happy Holidays!   Bill 
 Monday at 11:30 Tara 
 Do we have a revised draft of the responses to the data requests ready for review? I will be out of the office on Monday, when the responses must be filed. So, I would appreciate the opportunity to review the responses sometime today. Thanks. 
 Mary/Maria,  These look fine. Thanks for sending them to me. 
 Hi! 
 Attached for your review is a draft of the proposed letter agreement with ENA. 
   Paul,  Attached is a red-lined version of the EOG interconnect agreement, which reflects some minor changes that I made. Please call me if you'd like to discuss the attachment. 
 Chris,  Good to hear from you. I didn't bring the Starwood documents with me when I moved (can you believe that I forgot them?!!!), so I'm going off of memory. I believe that we are obliged to at least offer lease financing to Starwood if the conditions precedent to financing in the lease documents are satisfied. However, we do have the ability to pass through increased costs of capital that we incur as well as other appropriate costs to Starwood.  Hope things are going well. 
 Mark,  Great to hear from you! The last few weeks have definitely been a difficult period. I still can't believe it. I'm doing fine and actually think that things are beginning to stabilize.  So, how's the baby doing? And how are you doing? John W. called about a week ago and said he thought you were doing well and seemed to be enjoying your new job (I guess it's not so new anymore). You definitely made the right decision to leave Stratum. As you've probably heard, they haven't been able to raise any money and now plan to liquidate. I think they're down to four or five people in New York and about the same number in Houston.  My address is as follows: 714 Camelot Lane, Houston, Texas 77024.  Again it's really good to hear from you. Best wishes. (Oh yeah, in case you haven't already seen the following movies, I highly recommend them: "Run Lola Run" (German with English subtitles) and "Memento" (American) - both are available on videotape.) (Also, if I remember correctly, you like classical music, so you might enjoy Murray Perahia's (sp?) recording of Bach's Goldberg Variations.) Take care. 
     POO# 507086  Password: houston 
 Denise,  Thank you very much. I just got off the phone with someone from technical services and I think (knock on wood) that the problem is solved. Thanks again! 
   Donna,  Tony and I will participate in tomorrow's meeting. We will be in my office (extension 35269). Thanks. 
  Greg and Maria,  Attached is a first draft of the response to the protest filed by the CPUC. I'm also sending a copy to Steve Sojic and Frank Kelly. I thought we would get your feedback, as well as that of Steve and/or Frank, turn another draft, and then distribute it to the business people on Monday. There is absolutely no pride of authorship on my part, so please don't hesitate to comment. Also, given the relatively short amount of time that we have to file this, I haven't prepared all of the footnotes and citations yet. 
  Steve and Frank,  Attached is an initial draft of a response to the protest filed by the CPUC in RP97-288-017. I would appreciate any input that you have. Thanks. 
 Attached for your review and comments is a draft of a request to FERC to extend the period allowed under the Red Rock certificate for the abandonment and replacement of the compressors at Station 4. My understanding is that we need to request a one year extension as to Station 4 (but not as to the other three compressor stations included in the Red Rock expansion) due to the fact that we haven't fully contracted for all of the capacity authorized by FERC. Your comments would be appreciated. Thanks. 
 Glen  I should have included you on the distribution list. Sorry. 
 Attached is a draft of Transwestern's response to the protest filed by the California Public Utility Commission in Docket No. RP97-288-017. Your comments would be greatly appreciated.  I have gotten some additional information from Mark on USGT's use of westward capacity, which I haven't had the opportunity to review or incorporate in the attached draft. From what Mark has told me, it further supports the statement in our response that USGT has not made significant use of its westward capacity and that the CUPC's claim that Transwestern is being transformed into a pipeline that is dominated by shippers using negotiated rates is greatly exaggerated.  We need to file the response on Wednesday. Therefore, I would appreciate receiving any comments by noon tomorrow. Thanks. 
 At one point, we considered using a bill management agreement for Consolidated Container. I worked on this with Erin Stus. We came up with a draft that I was fairly happy with and it should be the latest draft under my Consolidated Container file on the j drive. If you can't find it there, give Erin a call. She should still have a copy. 
 Attached for your review and comments is a draft of TW's response to the protest filed by the California Public Utilities Commission of the latest negotiated rate filing. 
 Keith,  =09If I understand your change to the second paragraph correctly, the new c= ompressors at Stations 1, 2 and 3 will be completed and placed into service= within the one-year deadline in the FERC order. The removal of the existin= g units at those stations, however, will not be completed until six months = after that. My general feeling is that as long as the old units are taken o= ut of service by the one-year deadline and are no longer operational, we sh= ould be ok and don't need to ask FERC for an extension. The ordering paragr= aph from the FERC order requires that the new facilities be placed in servi= ce within one year from the date of the order. It does not impose a similar= deadline for the abandonment of the existing facilities. I take it that we= would not operate the old and the new facilities at the same time (i.e., c= ontinue to operate the existing compressors after we've installed and place= d into operation the new compressors), since this would result in TW operat= ing compression in excess of its certificated capacity. As long as we don't= do that, I don't think there's any need to ask for a separate extension fo= r the abandonment.=20  =09 
    POO#    507086  password: goodnight 
 Attached is a revised, red-lined version of the extension letter. I believe that I addressed Keith's question to his satisfaction, so I haven't added the additional language that he suggested regarding the timing of the removal of the existing compressor units at Stations 1, 2 and 3. Please let me know if you have any additional comments. Thanks. 
 What's a good time for everyone? I'm open in the morning. 
 Thanks. 
 Attached is a revised draft of the letter. The only change from the prior draft is to the volumes in the first sentence of the second paragraph. I've changed the contracted capacity figure from 120,000 Mcf to 106,700 per feedback from Keith. I think this is now ready to file, except that we will need to fill in the blanks. Please confirm this and give me a call at your convenience so that we can discuss the logistics of the filing. Thanks. 
 Attached is a draft of the letter that we propose to send to the CPUC regarding the AL2837 proceeding in which SoCal Gas is proposing changes to its "windowing" criteria. Your comments would be greatly appreciated. We need to file this tomorrow, so please communicate any comments to me by the close of business today, if possible. Thanks. 
 Your comments look fine. Let's wait and see if anyone else has any comments. 
 Attached is a revised version of TW's response to the CPUC's protest. This version reflects comments received from Teb, Mary Kay, Greg and Maria. I apologize that the attachment is not red-lined. I'm having computer problems and have not been able to generate a red-lined version that accurately tracks the changes. 
 Attached is a revised version of our response to the CPUC. Sorry it's not red-lined. I can't get that function to work on my computer. 
     Logon ID: POO507086  Password: goodnight01 
 Here's a revised draft of the letter to the CPUC re SoCal Gas' "windowing" proposal. This incorporates the comments of Lindy and Terry and also some editorial changes. We need to file this tomorrow, so I would appreciate receiving any comments by 10 a.m. tomorrow. Thanks. 
  FYI. 
 A revised red-lined draft is attached reflecting some additional comments from Greg. If this looks ok, please let me know and we'll finalize and file it today. 
 I'm the original owner. I got it shortly after I came to this department. It's a Compaq Armada M700. 
 Ann,  Attached is the final, ready-to-file Answer of Transwestern Pipeline Company to Protests. I believe we have confirmed that this can be filed electronically today. If this is not the case, please let Steve and me know so that we can have it filed manually. Also, will we receive any confirmation of receipt of the electronic filing from FERC? Thanks. 
 Attached is the final version of Transwestern's advice comments, which has been submitted to the CPUC. 
 Linda,  This looks fine. I just want to confirm that we do not countersign this transportation service request when we receive it from the potential shipper. Instead, we process the request and generate a transportation agreement that we send to the shipper for execution. When we receive an executed transportation agreement from the shipper, we countersign it and begin service. Is this correct? 
 Mark,  This looks fine. 
 Yes, although it's no big deal to leave it in. 
