 You may want to leave some time to general Rockies discussion this afternoon led by Frank and Steve.  Mike wants some order in the meeting it sounds like so you probably should leave some time for that.  Jay 
 There will be no formal rockies fundies today since i will be in the air...general discussion with Frank and Steve along with Canada will work for this week.  Jay 
  Here is the message reagarding Medicine Bow capacity.  ILU 
 $36 and i am not sure...around 200 i think.  me 
 Saturday Weather Forecast for New Orleans:  Saturday morning:  70% chance of showers and thunderstorms.  Some strong to severe with heavy rain possible.  Saturday noon: 60-70% chance of thunderstorms.  Some strong to severe with heavy rain likely.  Saturday late afternoon:  Rain chances decreasing, 30% chance of lingering showers.  Saturday evening and night:  Clearing skies.  That is the best I can come up with right now.  Front is moving through on Saturday and it is all based on timing.  If the front slows down or speeds up, then of course it will greatly change the forecast.  My guess is that the front will come through faster than indicated and possibly by mid to late afternoon, rain chances will be nil, but at this point that is kind of risky.  Hope this helps.  Jay 
 Here is the latest copy of the Rockies forecast for the meeting today at 3:30pm CDT.  I am assuming the other guys will send you a copy of what they are presenting.  Jay 
 That will work just fine. 
 I have some ideas, if you want to hear them, about Susan and what I would like out of the eastern rockies assistant trader/cash trader.  I can e-mail you my thoughts or we can talk about them or both.  Let me know when you want to talk about this.  Jay 
 I am sorry to hear that.  I hope I did not wake you up this morning.  Try to lay on the couch and close your eyes at least.  Love me 
 I would like to have all sales of CIG Mainline next day physical gas to bridge over to Sitara under the following meter location:  CIG/Mainline/991764500  and all buys to  CIG/Mainline/UNA-516938  Please let me know what effects (if any) this will have on the bridging process, Sitara, and confirmations.  Thank you,  Jay Reitmeyer 713-853-3536 
 I have had a few people test the system.  It looks like it works very well except if you hit ENTER instead of TAB then the form will be submitted.  If that could be corrected so that you have to hit the SUBMIT button to submit, then I think it is ready to go.  Sorry it took so long for me to get back to you and thanks again for your hard work on this.  Jay 
 No I have bought nothing.  They must have the wrong card number. 
 I was kind of hoping that you would know that because I really don't know.  Last I heard I was an associate and I guess I could be labeled as Eastern Rockies Natural Gas Trader.  If you don't know, ask Mike to be sure.  Thanks,  Jay 
   Plus we are going to go over your Canadian Fundamentals packet.  Here is your timely notice.  Thanks,  Jay 
 It looks great.  I am gald you and Yan were able to get everything working.  I need to get with him on some Rockies maps now that he has this one done.  Again, great job.  Jay 
 I know how much i love you and how much i missed you and how much i want to be with you.  I am keeping my promise to you where Jennifer is concerned...but I want Denver to be whatever it turns out to be.  I don't want any plans or to hype it up or to try to cut it down.  I want it to naturally flow between two people that love each other and can be together.  I Love You 
 I need to take a few hours off Tuesday afternoon after lunch.  I have some family business to attend to.  I should only be gone 2 hours or so.  Susan will be here to handle EOL.  Let me know if you have a problem with this.  I know I need to be here, but this is something I have to take care of and this was the only time I could schedule it.  Thanks,  Jay 
 Anything new on the reservations? 
 I know you have been very busy so I wanted to send you a reminder about the reimbursement for me that we were dealing with before the move, and also the itinerary for my trip in mid-December.  Thanks and hope you are having a good day,  Jay 
 ok 
 I fixed the deals.  I was waiting for a new pricing index to be set up in Sitara.  That is done now.  Jay Reitmeyer 
 I agree that we should not move the business at this time, but we do need cross-training to occur.  Eventually the business should come here to Houston.  The decision was made to bring the physical trading business to the Houston office and I do not believe that that task has been completed.  My feelings are for continuity that all operations involving trading and scheduling of physical gas should move here under your firm control and direction.  I also think that some of our counterparties are confused as to who to call concerning these types of deals and that trading decisions are being made in Denver without our knowledge until after the fact.  This is something that I have heard from you and Barry that should not be happening.  I would still like to go to Denver for the cross-training to occur and we can determine the eventual placement of these operations after things calm down.  Jay 
 I don't have hotmail.  AOL IM is jreitme.  Home e-mail is jennsreit@houston.rr.com  Jay 
 He works or worked here and he wanted my email address at home.  I think we should kill the deal on the firelogs.  Just too much unknown right now.  Tell her the truth about Enron and my employment situation and find out what we need to do to stop the deal (in writing and by when?) 
 20311 Mimosa Glen Spring, TX 77388  281-355-6504 
 Hi...here is a test message for you.  me 
 Here they are.  Let me know what I did wrong please.  Thanks,  Jay 
 I can get to the CIG web homepage but I cannot get into Cutomer Activites, Citrix, or Informational Postings.  It is critical for nominations and information purposes that I can get into these areas this morning.  Please advise as to how to access these portions of the website.  It seems like there are changes in the URL address and maybe that is the problem.  Thank you,  Jay Reitmeyer Enron 
 Have a good safe trip going to Conroe.  We are still planning on next Friday but don't know what time yet.  Y'all be careful.  Love,  Jay 
 11:00pm CDT...  Nymex = 2.80 = sprayed Kern/Opal BOM = 2.42 = sprayed  Basis = tighter = sprayed  ENE = 20.9 = sprayed  Have a nice day. 
 I will try to be there.  Jay 
 That looks pretty good.  It looks like there are a few outliers on the graphs, but overall it looks really good.  Go ahead and do whatever else you think you should do.  This load should be very temperature sensitive and there should be no linepack or anything else in this load information.  Thanks,  Jay 
 That looks good Torrey.  When will it be placed in production?  Thanks,  Jay 
 great job...i am impressed. 
 I would guess that Paul will lose his job within the next few weeks...but that should not leave the walls of your house.  I think I am ok if I want to stay.  It is really a scary situation and this is what I get for corporate lifestyle I guess.  We probably won't know the full effects for several more months, but I think that a lot of people will get laid off before Christmas.  Gald to hear that Mom and Dad made it ok.  Hope y'all are having fun together.  How are you feeling?  I have not talked to you since your wonderful phone call.  I heard you were going through some pretty bad morning sickness but that things were better now.  I am praying that from here on out you have a safe and healthy pregnancy.  Really try to enjoy it.  Let me know how you are doing and what you need or need for the baby.  However, I am not available to go pick up ice cream and a pickle at 2am, that is W.R.'s job.  I have already done that.  Take care and I will try to keep you posted.  Love, Jay 
 Carole told me yesterday afternoon that you left.  I saw you right after lunch with a couple other people looking for a conference room.  I guess I know now what that was about.  That news shocked me because I didn't see it coming, but at the same time I am not surprised that you left.  With all the uncertainty surrounding this company now plus I know that you had had enough of risk that it doesn't surprise me.  Good luck with the new job and let me know what exactly you will be doing at the new company.  Jay 
 You can get them whatever you want, but think back to when we were kids and how much you hated "big kid" gifts.  Meg does that enough.  In my opinion they are kids and the one thing they really want are toys and games...fun things.  It is no fun going to Grandma's house for Christmas and get nothing but clothes.  You want to get some toys to play with and have fun with.  That is just my opinion, but you should get what you want for them.  Love, Jay 
 sure....005 lower than our last bid 
 could thinking....a .005 lower than last months bid 
 Nymex...2.70 Opal BOM...2.15 Steve has bot 95,000 and sold 95,000 basis for you....WOOOOOOOOOOD  Spray day!!!!! 
 check out this site www.christiancouns.org/index2.html  I am sorry...I don't know what to do.  I am so sorry. 
 I have the power 
 about this...not counseling...just this situation i have gotten us into 
 www.findingstone.com/find-a-therapist/regions/usa/TX.htm 
 I do not have permission to view this site.  Can you get me set up so that I can view it.  Hope you are having a good day.  Jeff loves his job and is doing well.  I was surprised that Jeff Royed left but am not shocked.  Thanks,  Jay 
 http://www.kwanah.com/txmilmus/gallery/36div.htm 
 Good question.  I would like the 2 games but this is not about me.  Jr. Monopoly may be a little too much for her still.  She would probably enjoy the Dr. Barbie or the computer game the most.  But she will want to play the game on the computer right then so Mom better be prepared for that.  Hope y'all are having fun.  Love,  Jay 
 there was no link 
 Was this a 1-time thing or is it happening often?  Jay 
 Have a safe flight. 
 Hope you get leied. 
