f September, 2000 Price:  Fixed price  as agreed by both parties at time of  request  by Duke for a firm price equal to the September NYMEX  +$.01 Delivery Point:  as agreed by both parties   Please call with questions and concerns.  This e-mail is for discussion purposes only and not intended to be complete and all inclusive of the terms of the related transaction. 
 Hi!  I'm so glad everything is going well with the kids - what is Jay going to study?  I am worried about Dani driving too - just don't tell me - there's no need for both of us to worry (just kidding).  When do they start back to school?  Some kids in Houston started this week already.  I so enjoy the summer when the traffic is lighter.  I have started getting to work earlier between 7:00 - 7:15 so that helps some.  Dick told me his brothers Charles & Russell and families are planning to come to Houston for Christmas - I started sweating immediately.  What will we do with all these teenagers & ANDREW?     Love you & take care of yourself! 
 How are you?  Hope everything is going well.  Not much going on here - I think I'll go see the new movie with Richard Gere on Friday - wish you were here so we could go and sob together.  Drop me a line if you get a chance. Say HELLO to the kids!   Love you! 
 Please contact Kimberly Brown for all the details - she planned the party and took care of the final  charge to my account. 
 Hi!  You are correct as usual - the premium is +$.0125 for the time period May - July 2000.   Thanks for checking! 
 Hi!  Your not going to believe this but I just opened your email from a month ago.  Apparently I had so many at one time I thought I was seeing them all  but I wasn't.  It is (was) so good to hear from you!  I'm sorry about all the problems PG&E has had but I hope it hasn't dampened your spirits to much.  It will all work out in the end.  Dick & I are still here.  We were not smart and only sold about a third of our Enron stock when the price was above eighty so we have just been riding it down.  I guess we will be here for awhile.  I'm glad you got your house done - that is such a good feeling. We only have a few things left to do inside.  Then we get to start on the backyard and patio.  It never ends!  We had a very mild winter and it is just starting to get warm - I'm already dreading the heat.  I hope you can find a place to do ceramics.  I used to go with my mom every Saturday when I lived in Omaha.  At first I just went to spend time with her but I ended up really enjoying it - very relaxing.  I was very slow - in the year I was there I only finished two projects.  I still display them proudly on the appropriate holiday.  Are you going home for Easter?  This Friday I am going to have nasal surgery - something I have been putting off for years.  I am not looking forward to it.  Once again this highly predictable market is moving so I better go!  Take care and I'll try to call you when I get back from R&R . Sorry it took so long to write! 
 Hi!  For some reason I can not open this file - could you please send me a hard copy to (713) 646-8453 fax.  Thank you! 
 Hi!  Do you still have all the notes I gave you on how we should break this out?  This is the deal from hell!  Thanks. 
 Hi!  CMS is correct - the price should be $8.74.   Thank You! 
 Hi!  I'm easy - any night works for me! 
 Hi Terri,  Sorry I missed your call!  I would love to get togerther this week sometime - any night will work for me - just let me know.    Thanks 
 Please include the following:  Andrea Nicks - Aquila Scott Garrison - Axia Pat Bergin - Axia Brian Rickers - Sempra Mark Chambers - Coral Ann Riopelle - Coral Ragan Bond - Bridgeline Chris Cokinos - Cokinos Kevin Cokinos - Cokinos Tim Riordan - Hess Duane Lawhorne - Williams Steve Jaques - Williams 
 Has unify been changed?  I thought you told me a couple of weeks ago that everything had been changed.  Please let me know - thanks! 
 This is incorrect.  I started in 1976 -  I believe in June.  Please recheck.  Thank You! 
 These are so cute! 
 Some of these are cute! 
 Hi!  I sent a message to the above address - please let me know if I need to do anything additional.    Thank You! 
 Hi!  Rod Banks at Mariner Energy, Inc. requested I send you a note to confirm that for the month of January, 2001,  Enron did not purchase any of Mariner's interest in Garden Banks 236.  Enron did have a nomination in place for 1MMBtu/d and was allocated 42MMBtu.  This nomination was an error.  Enron and Mariner would like to have this reallocated to Mariner's current purchaser.  Please call me at (713) 853 - 5775 if this would be a problem.     Thank you! 
 Hi!  I submitted the claim by mail earlier this week - this is the third claim in a row I have had to send more than once.  I have only submitted three in the last several years and have had problems with all of them.   Thanks for listening! 
 I resubmitted the claim by mail and have not heard anything  -  the service I have received from the customer service department in the last six months has been terrible - one delay after another  - lost claims.  It is very frustrating.  I will let you know when I get a response.   Thank you! 
 This is wonderful - thanks for the memories!  Love ya! 
 Beverly -  once again thanks so much for your help on this. 
 The deals should have been corrected in Sitara by now - if not please check with Beverly.  Thank You! 
 Hi!  The sitara deal # is 527410.  Hope this helps! 
 Elizabeth,  Sorry it took me so long to respond to you - use the prices Altrade is indicating - I probably just wrote them down incorrectly.  I have found in past experiences with discrepencies that Altrade is usually correct and this is not a large amount in question.   Thank You! 
 Sorry,   I changed the deal ticket to $10.50.    Thank You! 
 Thanks Victor! 
 Hi!  You must have ESP!  Last night I told Dick I needed to call  and see how you were and what you were doing for Christmas.  We have to work on the 26th (even though it's an ENE holiday) so we would have to come back on Christmas day if we went home.    We decided to stay in Houston.  I'm so glad you are going home but to tell the truth I feel like you do about traveling during the holidays.  Nothing new with us - just about finished decorating the house but sometimes I think I'll never get done.   I have not bought a thing for Dick yet - still do not know what to get him!  I guess I'll be one of those crazies out shopping on Christmas Eve.  We went home for Thanksgiving and I caught a cold that I'm just now getting over.  Will you be coming to Houston in the near future?  If you do you are more than welcome to stay with us while your here - we would love to have you!  Better go but let's meet like this more often!  Take care and have a very Merry Christmas! 
 To all,  If you would like to contribute towards a gift for Scott Neal and/or Kimberly Brown, please drop your contribution by my desk.  Would like to collect $20 for each but any amount would be appreciated.  I will take a check and would like to receive by Tuesday!  Thanks in advance! 
 Hi!  These sales to Torch are valid.  Accounting is going to correct.  If you do not see this happen soon - please let me know.    Thank You! 
 Hi!  Are we still on for dinner? 
 Hi!  Juniper is an Enron owned company that seeks and finds new wellhead production and sells it to ENA (in most cases).  The Koch Midstream gas  Joe nominates is on a lateral that can only be delivered into Tennessee Pipeline which is a East Desk Pipeline - I believe the Texas desk asked that we be respnsible for this volume.  I hope this helps!  Sorry it took so long to get  back to you! 
 Hi!  I gave his resume to Scott Neal.  He is going to look at it and pass it on to the appropriate people.  It looks like his backround includes more origination experience than trading.   Take care! 
 Thanks for the invite but we already have plans for the game.   Hope you have a good time and Nebraska wins! 
 Hi!  It's great to hear from you!  I am so happy you are back at Enron. I would love to go to dinner with you and Cindy and catch up.  It's hard for me to go to lunch these days due to EOL.  They bring lunch in everyday and we generally stay in to run our products.  Just let me know when & where you two can meet.  Maybe we can do it soon and  celebrate the upcoming  holiday season!  Take care!   Andy 
 This will make your day! 
 I think the kids would like this! 
 Thought you might like to see this! 
 Hi!  Sandra Brawner trades the Gas Daily Finantial products for the Gulf Coast.  She will be on vacation tomorrow and has asked me to run these products for her.  I need to be able to manage these products.  I can already manage the Henry Hub (Griff Gray set this up for me).  Please call if you have any questions.  Thanks for your help! 
 Hopefully this will cheer you ( just a little)! 
 Maybe this will help cheer you up - I know how much you love cats! 
