s reported.  However, John Lavorato was given a corrected report, so this variance will not be included in today's daily p&l on the NGP&L.  If you have any questions feel free to give me a call.  Thanks, Robin 
 Here are your positions and I also included the detail.  Let me know!    Thanks, Robin 
 Please set up the following book in the GRMS and in the GRMS Portfolio Heirarchy.  INTRA-CNT-MKT2-PHY  Thanks, Robin 
 Mac&Cheese huh?  Eating a light lunch?  When I was at Tech I complained about the food one day (well actually I complained a lot, but one day I made an official complaint).  Anyway I was telling the guy over the food service that the food was overpriced and the quality was pathetic.  And he told me they were actually losing money.  All I had to say to that was if you can charge $6.50 for Beanie Weenies (actual price of an actual dish passed off as an entree)  and lose money you must be the worst businessman in the history of the world.  I don't think he appreiciated me sharing my opinion with him. 
 Here is the detail of yesterday's position.  Let me know if there's anything else you need.    Thanks, Robin x713-345-7478 
 Hey guys,  Here are your positions for tonight.  We are off on FT CAN, but remember I included the Exotics text file in that position.  I am also attaching IM Canada.  Please let me know how it looks as soon as possible so we can resolve variances before the system is shut down.  Thanks, Robin    PS for future reference my extension is 713-345-7478. 
 rrodri2 sydney2000*  Thanks, Robin 
 Here you go!    Thanks, Robin 
 Here are your positions.  Let me know how they look.    Thanks, Robin 
 I'm working hard as usual.   I saw you call...don't start screaming yet...I had an IT guy and several other people at my desk at the time.   I saw Me, Myself, and Irene too.  It was pretty good as long as you're in the mood for stupid humor, which I was.  However the language and the "sons" got on my nerves.  Usually language doesn't bother me at all , but that was a little excessive.  Especially the marriage proposal!!  Well I better get busy.  Bye.  We still need to go to lunch sometime.  RR 
 I just wanted to let you know that the INTRA-TEXAS-GDL booked pulled in a July fixed price gas daily position last night.  Maybe you could apply the same logic that is used to pull this position to the Gas Daily books that are not currently pulling in the fixed price gas daily positions.  The books that had fixed price position for 6/26 that did not pull in are listed below.  BOOK ID  POST ID  JULY FIXED PRICE POSITION(in contracts)  GD-MARKET-GDL 819207   92.9  GD-CENTRAL-GDL 819212   263.3  GD-TEXAS-GDL 819657   (15.5)  If there is any more information that will help you develop the correct logic please let me know.  Thanks, Robin x57478 
 Here you go! 
 David,  Here is a short list of what it takes to pull positions into the benchmark.  1)  Once a book is officialized it must be loaded into GRMS BEFORE the positions can be pulled into the benchmark.  2) With everyone officializing books around the same time the GRMS que is overloaded and positions are very slow to be loaded into GRMS.  3)  GRMS processes books in the order that they are officialized.  If one of your books is officialized behind either the Nymex, Power, or Canadian books your book will not  be loaded into GRMS until these books are finished.  This process can take up to 45 minutes to complete.  4)  I have to manually create text files for deals that they system is not designed to handle.  These files must then be loaded into GRMS.  4)  I have to manually override Post-IDs that for one reason or another do not come in automatically or that come in incorrectly.  5)  The benchmark query takes approximately 15 minutes to complete.  The more books that are officialized, the longer the query takes.  6)  When books are unofficialized and reofficialized, this effectively sends that book to the back of the GRMS que.  This means that the entire process must be started over.  7)  Now that plugging positions is no longer an option, I have to spend time researching any variances that arise between the GRMS position and the ERMS position.  8)  If the book admin and I cannot solve the problem, then I have to contact the GRMS support team.  Since this usually occurs after their regular hours it takes a while before they can get back in touch with me.  9)  I cannot query new data while I'm researching variances or on the phone with GRMS support because I need access to  the information that is currently in the bench.  10)  Finally, this is a massive file therefore we frequently get errors and have to shut down.  Even if the spreadsheet has been saved and no data is lost it still take about 10 minutes just to shut this file down and reopen it.  If you have any more questions let me know.  Robin x57478 
 I told you about this Friday...you were probably just not awake enough to remember.  I'm going up there on Friday morning (after the checks) and coming back Sat. afternoon.  If I can get an apartment Friday I'll probably try to fly standby and come back earlier Sat. 
 ID:  rrodri2 Network:  sydney2000*  LotusNotes: hazelnut4me  Thanks, Robin 
 Virendra,  Please check the set up of the book listed below.  I am having to manually override that post-id everyday.  Let me know if there's anything I can do to help you.  BOOKID  6/23/00 POSTID  INTRA-MKT3-PRC 818797  Thanks, Robin 
 Virendra,  Let me know when you are available to discuss the Gas Daily GRMS logic.  It is my understanding that GRMS currently will only include those gas daily deals that are intramonth deals with an effective date greater than the current date.  However, we should also include any deals in out months that are fixed price gas daily deals.  Thanks, Robin x57478 
 Here are you positions. 
 Gas prices are so high that when I pulled into a station this morning and asked for a dollar's worth, the attendant dabbed some behind my ears. 
 << > Lesson Number One >  ***************** >   A crow was sitting on a tree, doing nothing all day. >  A small rabbit saw the crow, and asked him, "Can I also sit like you >  and do nothing all day long?" The crow answered: "Sure, why not." So, the >  rabbit sat on the ground below the crow, and rested. All of a sudden, >  a fox appeared, jumped on the rabbit and ate it. > >  Management Lesson: To be sitting and doing nothing, >  you must be sitting very, very high up. > >  Lesson Number Two >  ***************** >   A turkey was chatting with a bull. > >  "I would love to be able to get to the top of that >  tree," sighed the turkey, "but I haven't got the energy. > >  "Well, why don't you nibble on some of my >  droppings?" replied the bull. "They're packed with nutrients." > >  The turkey pecked at a lump of dung and found that >  it actually gave him enough strength to reach the first >  branch of the tree. > >  The next day, after eating some more dung, he >  reached the second branch. >  Finally after a fortnight, there he was proudly >  perched at the top of the tree. Soon he was promptly spotted by a farmer, > who >  shot the turkey out of the tree. > >  Management Lesson: Bullshit might get you to the >  top, but it won't keep you there. > >  Lesson Number Three >  ******************* >   When the body was first made, all the parts wanted >  to be Boss. > The brain said, "I should be Boss because I control the whole body's >  responses and functions." > >  The feet said, "We should be Boss as we carry the brain about  and >  get him to where he wants to go." > >  The hands said, "We should be the  Boss because we do all the work >  and earn all the money." > >  And so it went on and on with the heart, the lungs >  and the eyes until finally the asshole spoke up. All the parts laughed >  at the idea of the asshole being the Boss. So the asshole went on >  strike, blocked itself up and refused to work. Within a short time the > eyes >  became crossed, the hands clenched, the feet twitched, the heart and >  lungs began to panic and the brain fevered. Eventually they all decided > that >  the asshole should be the Boss, so the motion was passed. All the other >  parts did all the work while the Boss just sat and passed out the shit! > >  Management Lesson: You don't need brains to be a >  Boss - any asshole will do. > >  Lesson Number Four >  ****************** >   A little bird was flying south for the winter. It >  was so cold, the bird froze and fell to the ground in a large field. > While >  it was lying there, a cow came by and dropped some dung on it. As the >  frozen bird lay there in the pile of cow dung, it began to realize how > warm >  it was. The dung was actually thawing him out! He lay there all warm and >  happy and soon began to sing for joy. A passing cat heard the bird >  singing and came to investigate. Following the sound, the cat discovered >  the bird under the pile of cow dung and promptly dug him out and ate >  him! > >                          Management Lessons: > >           1) Not everyone who drops shit on you is >  your enemy. >           2) Not everyone who gets you out of shit is >  your friend. >           3) And when you're in deep shit, keep your >  mouth shut! >> 
 Could you please ensure that these books are set up the same in GRMS as in ERMS.  They have been officialized and are still not pulling the positions in automatically.  I am having to manually override the post-ids.  BOOK NAME    6/21/2000 POST-ID  INTRA-CAND-WEST-PHY  816302  INTRA-ST-COVE-BAS   816594  INTRA-ST-COVE-PRC   816593  Thank you, Robin x57478 
 Hey Guys,  We are still not pulling the Intra-Cand-West-Phy book into the benchmark.  I have talked to the systems administrator and he thinks it might be in how the book is set up in the system.  I have attached below a copy of the screen that shows how we have desigated the various codes for this book.  Please look at this and verify that we have it set up properly.  If you have any questions feel free to give me a call.  I am also attaching the detail that I pulled out of the GRMS system.  Please take a look at it and help me identify what is causing our variances.  For instance I am pulling a position of (245) contracts for July Price and you show a position of long 241 contracts.     Thanks, Robin 713-345-7478 
 Here are your positions.  Let me know if they're okay.  Thanks, Robin 
 Let me know how it looks.  Thanks, Robin 
 Tomorrow I'm going to be here really early in the morning, so I'll probably be tired tomorrow night.  But I could go to the concert if you can get tickets.  B/c Thursday I'll have to pack and get some sleep for my flying trip to Chicago Friday.  Bye, Robin 
 Let me know how it looks.  Thanks, Robin 
 Gary,  Could you please add the books below that are in red to the POS-GAS-TRD portfolio.  Thanks for the info on the INTRA-CND  book.  Thanks, Robin 
 Kathy,  As you know we are trying to eliminate all the plugs on the Gas Benchmark. Therefore we would like to begin pulling your positions from the GRMS system.  I have attached a file that shows the position that I got when I queried GRMS for the June 14 position.  I have also included the detail and a copy of what you reported.  As you will see these positions are significantly different.  Please look at the detail and let me know if you see the reason for the descrepancy (ie books that we have omitted).  Let me know if you need more information.  Thanks, Robin 713-345-7478 
 Good luck in your new job.  I've had fun teasing...I mean working with you.  Robin 
 I just got your email, so it'll be a little while.  I'll let you know...that or I'll just leave and not bother to tell you! 
 Have you had a chance to review the positions yet??  Robin 
 Hey David,  Please give me a call.  713-345-8960  Thanks, Robin 
 Here are the three Book IDs that I am looking for.  INTRA-ME-PROMPT-IDX  INTRA-ME-PROMPT-PHY  INTRA-ME-PROMPT-PRC   Thank you, Robin 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 3/7/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 3/7/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 3/7/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 618,898. 3/7/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 171,473. 3/7/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 742,902. 
 I've dragged you to two country concerts, so you can pick this one.  Either is fine with me.  I promise.  Mom and I did have a good weekend.  We were laughing last night b/c we really didn't do anything.  We just sat around and talked and watched movies all weekend.  She said to tell you she's sorry she ruined your weekend.  I told her you didn't mind that she was here.  What'd you end up doing last night?  Talk to ya later, Robin 
 Here are the positions I have.    Let me know how it looks.  Thanks, Robin 
 Here you go.  We're only about 6 contracts off.    Talk to ya tomorrow.  Robin 
 Your position still hasn't pulled in...I think the system's just running really slow.  I'll give you a call when I get it.  RR    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Canada Corp. 
 Hey Jackie,  This is definitely me.  So when did you get here?  And what are you doing? Things are crazy around here so I'll talk to ya later.  Robin    Enron North America Corp. 
 The following is a description of the Rolloff Process for the Gas Benchmark.  1.  In the Position Management Menu of GRMS, select Roll Off Adjustments.  2.  Portfolio ID:  Enter POS-GAS-TRD.  3.  NX3:  On the first day of Bid-week enter 0.33333333333333333333333  On the second day of Bid-week enter 0.66666666666666666666666  4.  Click the Populate command Button.  5.  Once the window has been populated, Click the Generate Roll Offs command button.  6.  Finally, click the Process Adjustments command button.  If you have any more questions, feel free to call me.  Thanks, Robin x57478 
 Why does that not surprise me.  Besides I told you to wait until you were a little more lucid...that should be much longer than a few minutes...more like a few years!! 
 Read what you wrote sometime when your not so tired, and let me know if you understood it....b/c I sure didn't!!  I have no idea what you're trying to say.  So just imagine me nodding my head and smiling politely.  RR 
 1.  I have learned how to prepare the NGP&L.  2.  I have gained an understanding of the originations process in order to properly represent originations on the NGP&L.  3.  I have learned how to prepare the Benchmark.  4.  I have reduced the time spent at night running the Basis reports by consolidating the Shankman, Fletch, and Lavorato reports into one file so that the information                need only be queried once.  This was accomplished by creating multiple Date Bucket designations in a single file.  5.  I updated the Greg Pos. Report, so that it ties to the Benchmark in total and reflects the Lavorato time buckets.  6.  I updated the Gas Detail Tab of the Benchmark to include new books that have been added to the Benchmark.  This enabled me to tie the Greg Pos Report to the Benchmark.  7.  I created an additional section of the Gas Detail Tab to calculate the fixed price positions.  This section is used to report the total fixed price position by seasonal buckets on the Lavorato Basis report.  I have not included any accomplishments from my former group.  If you would like to see them also please let me know.  Thanks, Robin 
 You mean there are Enron employees with spare time?? 
 Yeah, your position has definitely been the bright spot of the day! RR 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 2/23/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 2/23/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 2/23/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 1,015,646. 2/23/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 0 2/23/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 1,015,646. 
 That was just plain  MEAN.  I'm having a bad enough day...I don't need your crap too!  Have a good evening.  Talk to ya tomorrow.  RR 
 Sorry it took so long.    Robin 
 Awesome!!  Have a good evening. 
 Here are your positions.  Hopefully we look as good as last night.    Thanks, Robin 
 Why are you still here? 
 It's b/c you don't have me there to control things!!  Just kidding.  Sounds like you as busy as we are.   So quit reading your email and get to work!!  RR 
 GOING????!!!  How about completely gone!  I've only been here an hour and a half and already we've had two major crisises!  Doesn't that sound like fun? Have you thought of a gift I could give to my friends in Australia yet?  You really need to get on that.  I'm going shopping this weekend.  I have to buy a mother's day gift for my mom (I know a little late, but I haven't seen her yet) and a birthday gift for my younger brother (can't call him little anymore, he's as big as me) and I think I'm going to go ahead and get a father's day gift for my dad.  Well, have fun.  Talk to ya later. RR 
 Take 2.  See if you like this one better.    Robin 
 Here are you positions.  Have a good evening.    Robin 
 Laura,  Here's what I received from the Analyst program.  Robin 
 Wow,  I think this is a record you guys.  Here are you positions.  Let me know how it looks.  I fixed the conversion factor issue we were having so our out months should be closer tonight.    Thanks, Robin 
 Here you go.  Let us know if there are any problems. 
 I told you I had a rough day!!!  I was DYING by the last game.   I've never felt that out of shape.   So what are you still doing here? 
 You must be having a bad day!!  But you know it's not my fault...and there's nothing soft about softball!!  And I slid yesterday, twice, so I have a little bit of a rasberry on my calf.  Did that get me any sympathy?? Probably not!  I hope you finish close soon. 
 I'm glad to know I'm not the only one that's this sore.  We should be sore though.  We played 5 games.  And I played every second of every game.  Now don't you feel sorry for me?! 
 What were you doing here Sunday???  There's no reason to have to be here on Sunday in that group. And I definitely agree that food is not payment for overtime! We played our softball tournament yesterday.  I'm so sore today I can barely walk...and it hurts to take a deep breath!  I'm really out of shape.  And yesterday they had me batting in front of a guy that would hit these great hits and runs really, REALLY fast.  So I ran most of the day it felt like.  Let me know how the MRI comes out.  I do want you to keep me informed with how she's doing, but I'm not going to be one of those people that's always asking and driving you crazy.  Don't work too hard.  And tell what's her name now (wedding girl) I said hi.  RR 
 Here are your positions.  I checked the conversion factors in our system.  I had the factors that you sent me, so I don't know why we are pulling different factors.  Let me know how the position looks tonight.    Thanks, Robin 
 I'm sure you were excited to see this email.  You get to reroll the whole year...again!!!  Have fun with that entry.  Robin 
 It's official.  I'm going to start up there March 12th.  As for a place to live, I'll probably make a quick trip up there sometime next week to look at apartments.  Robin 
 I'm going.  Thanks, Robin 
 Ivonne,  Thanks for the information.  Will I receive the $3,500 automatically on my paycheck, or do I need to submit an expense report to be reimbursed for any expenses I incur?  If I do need to submit an expense report, who should I turn it in to?  Thanks, Robin    Enron North America Corp. 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 2/22/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 2/22/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 2/22/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 234,423. 2/22/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 174,778. 2/22/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 362,525. 
 They're great...awesome country music.  Don't be too scared. 
 I don't know I haven't heard anything today. 
 Don't be scared...I'm just kidding. 
 Kathy,  I discussed the $35K variance with Brian yesterday, and the adjustment will be made on the last day of March.  That will ensure that we tie to your number for the rest of the month.  Then we'll do a top level adjustment on the last day P&L to clear the variance from last month.  I've talked with Brad Jones (the person preparing the NGP&L) and Brian Gillis is supposed to remind him at the end of the month.  I start my new job in Chicago next week.  Bilal Bajwa will assume my responsibilities.  Here are everyone's numbers.   Bilal Bajwa x713-853-3409  P&L-  Bradley Jones  x713-345-8960  Positions- Binh Pham x713-853-5791  Thanks, Robin 
 Oh we're going now...I have the tickets. 
 Got 'em.  Let me know when you can get out of here.  I guess we'll have to ride the bus.  I'm not sure.  Unless you want to try to bribe the parking people again. 
 Wanna go to the Rodeo? 
 I sent Charlene an email this morning and surprise, surprise I haven't heard anything.  Not too much going on right now.  Talk to ya later. 
 I spoke with Monica about this issue yesterday.  Robin 
 Did you see?  She completely blew me off.  I submitted a more specific question this time. 
 Thanks for the explanation b/c I was completely clueless.  They are definitely censoring.   She hasn't answered anything other than the program requirements, etc.  What a waste of time.  But I guarantee you they'll bring this up as something great they've done to improve communication.  R 
 Are you watching this eSpeak?  Either no one is asking interesting questions or they are censoring them.  I asked about why we have arbitrarily assigned PRC reps, but she hasn't answered that yet. 
 My day sucks so far...how about yours?  I caught a million dollar mistake this morning and was feeling pretty proud of myself.  That is until John called and said there's something wrong with the P&L.  It was only an $87 million mistake.  I don't know what the big deal was.  Anyway, things are calming down a little now.  I'm just still irritated.  That mistake was something I should have caught.  Oh well I'm leaving soon.  That's enough whining.  So what are you up to today?  I'm looking forward to actually being able to go home at a decent time today and having nothing that has to be done tonight.  I'm just going to kick back and watch TV.  I might call Ragini and Sabina and see if they want to come over for king cake. You'll be invited too of course.  I'm starving.  Do you have any calzones this morning?  Talk to ya later Robin 
 Hey Richard,  I think we've finally gotten an answer out of the analyst program.  I'm just waiting on the paper work now.  I spoke to Laura yesterday about a possible March 12th start date.  Let me know if that date's okay for you.  I'll let you know if anything changes.  Robin 
 Kathy,  I am attaching a revised P&L by Trader.  I moved the Term_GD p&l from Lambie to McKay.  We are, however, still off $35,000 on McKay.  It looks like the file got updated after we pulled in the final Feb. p&l.  Since we've already reported Feb, I can't restate something that would change the total p&l.  An adjustment will just need to be made in March to correct the Feb. variance.    Robin 
 Susan/Nancy,  Please move the following books from J_ARNOLD to M_MAGGI portfolio:  NG-ERMS-XL-PRC NG-EXOTIC-PRC  Thanks, Robin 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 2/21/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 2/21/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 2/21/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 251,274 2/21/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 174,714 2/21/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 378,904 
 I will be starting in the Chicago office on March 12th.  My move date is March 8th.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks for your help, Robin 
 Here is the January file.  If you have any questions feel free to give me a call.    Robin x57478 
 Now that that lady is irritating you maybe you'll finally miss me.  Well, I might finally be getting somewhere on my move.   I now have an informal offer that is acceptable.  I just need it in writing now.  But it looks like I'll be in Chicago by March 12th.  Yikes...I have a lot to do before then.  We need to all go to lunch before I leave.  Good luck ignoring your neighbor.  RR 
 As long as he leaves after me I think it's great!!! 
 Hahaha.  That was pretty funny.  I have a feeling that's the reaction my grandmothers will actually have. 
 I thought you  comments about the "flexibility" of the program were hilarious.  I just talked to Laura.   I'm moving to Chicago.  I'll give you all the details and dates later. 
 Susan,  The NG-PRICE-PRC book will now be calculated using two post ids.  Therefore, we need an additional RisktRAC book id for the Price book so that we can capture both post ids.  Please set up an NG-PRICE2-PRC book with the same attributes as the NG-PRICE-PRC book.  The new books needs to be added to the AGG-GAS, AGG-GASIII and AGG-GASIV portfolios.  In AGGIII and IV, please set up a separate portfolio for the new book.  The new portfolio should be named M_Maggi.  If you have any questions, give me a call. Thanks, Robin 
 Brian,  Please remove me from your distribution list.  Thanks, Robin 
 Thanks. 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 2/20/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 2/20/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 2/20/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 302,214. 2/20/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 179,444. 2/20/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 416,059. 
 I still haven't caught her.  Supposedly her meetings end at 5, so if I don't get her then I'm leaving.  Have fun at dinner and don't stay too long when you come back.  Bye. 
 http://ersys.corp.enron.com/index.asp 
 I'm now trained to avoid harrassment.   Actually it wasn't as bad as I thought it'd be...not that it was exactly interesting, but it could have been much worse.  I was going to leave, but I just found out that Laura's in Houston.  Not only is she in Houston, she's in a conference room on this floor.  I keep peeking in the window to see if she's still in there.  I'm just hanging around now hoping to get a chance to talk to her.  Talk to ya later. 
 When David told me I had to go, I told him I already knew how to avoid harrassment...just stay away from he and Jeff.  But I guess since I have nothing else to do I might as well go. 
 Hey do you have to go to the harrassment avoidance seminar?  We got an email saying we were required to attend one of the sessions.  So that's what I'm doing this afternoon.   Yippee! 
 About the third time I read your email I understood it.  I kept reading Jaime as the English name Jamie (Jay-me).  I had no clue what you were talking about.  But don't worry I'm caught up now.  And I thought I had bad eating habits...I've never had pepperoni pizza for breakfast.  I still have half of this king cake left, and I'm not  taking it home b/c I have another one there, so you need to come get some.  I'd have a little fun with your friend before you tell him the truth...that you blew him off.  R 
 I think harassing me is a very popular pass time around here. 
 Yeah, I already told Jeff I was going to have to log on and ask Charlene what's wrong with the Analyst HR.  I can't wait.  But it's like I told him, if you ask her a questions she doesn't want to answer (which is almost any legitimate question) she just pretends you asked something else and answers that.  I have King cake down here if you want some.  It's pretty good, but I've had better.   Alejandra was asking me if I had dinner last night.  I told her about our cooking experience.  Don't worry I told her it was good.  Do you have lunch plans? 
 I hate Canada. 
 What goin' on?  It's all quiet down here.  In fact, even Jeff is just hanging out.  He sat by me and made fun of Lake Charles for half an hour or so.  So I don't feel so bad about not accomplishing a whole lot today.  Hope you're having a good day. Robin 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 2/16/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 2/16/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 2/16/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 318,520. 2/16/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 177,196. 2/16/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 429,242. 
 I'm leaving.  I'll see you Monday.  Hope you have a good weekend.  Te quiero. Robin 
 She does seem pretty impressed that she's effectively the first person we've told.  I think she feels priviledged. 
 I don't think she thinks we kept it a secret very well.  She also didn't think 2 and a half months was very long. 
 Brian,  We have someone new doing the P&L now.  Please include him on all emails. His name is Bradley Jones.  His extension is 713-345-8960.  Thanks, Robin 
 Apparently she thought Valentines was like a first date.  Now she knows we've been dating since December. 
 Binh Knows...she quizzed me as soon as I sat down. 
 Jeff said if we were going to spend that much we should go to the Carribean, so I'm going to research that further.  Let me know if you have any destination suggestions.  RR 
 Hey,  Everyone's asked me how the happy hour was last night.  What a joke. Apparently everyone left about 9:00.  And here's the best part...Brad (new guy) was walking up as everyone was leaving.  Wasn't it nice of him to call and tell us that everyone was gone?  Or at least telling the bozos leaving that I was planning on coming so that someone would have called?  I told Jeff he owes me a Happy Hour b/c that definitely didn't count.  He said we'd have to do a Happy Hour that was for Susan and me.  I told him I wanted my Happy hour on the beach in Cancun.  I searched the internet for flights and sent him an email with the flight information.  Talk to ya later, Robin  PS  Have you decided where we're going for lunch? 
 I'm just glad you sent it to the right person. 
 Apparently you can't open the link so here's a print screen of the website. 
 Susan,  I'm trying to schedule a time and place for our farewell Happy Hour.  Let me know if this works for you.  http://www.qixo.com/Details.html?uRsltID=LF00  Robin 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 2/15/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 2/15/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 2/15/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 600,498. 2/15/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 174,434. 2/15/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 680,180. 
 Thanks 
 I usually am right.  Stop laughing!! 
 Why would they want me at that meeting? 
 Does Mariner sound familiar? 
 Maybe if you had done more to relieve my boredom yesterday I would have been more willing to drive you back downtown.  I'm glad you made it back somewhat safely.  Later RR 
 Hey Lynn,  Thanks for checking up.  Laura and I spoke Tuesday.  She was going to contact HR and get back to me.  That's the last I've heard.  Robin 
 Nancy,  I've discovered a basis book with the attribute problem we corrected for the Physical book below.  INTRA-EMWNSS1-BAS was set up to replace IM-EMWNSS1-BAS for credit purposes.  However, the correct region code is still being applied to the old book.  Here's what I need to happen.  BOOK ID   CURRENT REGION CODE  CORRECT REGION CODE  INTRA-EMWNSS1-BAS MIDWEST    MDWEST  IM-EMWNSS1-BAS  MDWEST    MDWEST_OLD (This region code really doesn't matter as long as it does not                               duplicate a currently used region code.)  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks for your help, Robin 
 So you really were working on something and not just making up stories so I'd think you had a job!!  Authur Andersen has everyone checking up on a certain Enron subsidiary you might have some interest in.  Talk to ya later, Robin 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 2/14/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 2/14/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 2/14/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 1,332,437 2/14/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 169,113 2/14/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 1,408,100 
 I've decided that I'm going to quit worrying about them.  I finally heard from the VP yesterday.  Her son has been in the hospital, so she's been out of the office ever since I went up there.  So basically we've made no progress.  She's back now, though, so I'm hoping I'll know something soon. If I do end up going which is very likely I'm going to leave pretty soon. That's  the main reason I'm going home this weekend.  I'll let you know when I hear something.  RR 
 Sounds good. 
 I'd like to be there around 7 if that's when it starts.  But we probably don't need to leave here until 6:30-6:45ish.  Just call me before you go to class and let me know when you'll get out and I'll meet you downstairs.  I'm probably going to leave around 3:30 if things stay this calm.  Bye RR 
 There's no need to lie.  If you don't have anything interesting to tell me just admit it.  I'm bored not dillusional. 
 Hey Bags,  It's good to hear from you.  I wish I could make it, but I'm going home for the weekend.  Hope you guys have fun.  Bye, Robin 
 That does not qualify as something interesting.  You need to try harder. 
 Tell me something interesting...I'm bored. 
 Hey,  I haven't eaten yet either.  Give me a call and we can decide where to meet. 
 How's your day going?  Mine's actually been extremely boring!  If only I could have had this kind of day yesterday I could have actually done my GMAT homework...oh well. 
 Nancy,  The OPTIONS-EXOTIC-PRC book should not have EXCELSHEETS as the database id. This post id is calced and officialized in ERMS.  The book administrator informed me that this post id contains only option premiums and does not contain positions.  Hope that answers your questions. Robin    Enron North America Corp. 
 I'm glad to know your sister has a sense of humor, and that I can quit looking over my shoulder all the time.  So what's going on down there today? So far my day's much quieter than yesterday...THANK GOODNESS.  Everyone and their brother harrassed me yesterday.  Here was the best one though.  A manager in another group told one of his analyst to give me his(the analyst's) password to the VAR system so I could print some reports for him(the manager).  He wanted me to do it so that he could have them on his desk when he gets here at 7:30.  Here's the best part though it takes about 30 minutes to print all these reports.  So essentially he was asking me to come in at 5:00 so that neither he nor his analyst had to come in until 7:30.  I told the analyst to tell him, "Not just no, but HELL NO!!  I don't work for him, and  I have more important things to do.  If he had any questions to give me a call and I'd be glad to explain further."  Funny, I didn't hear from him yesterday.  I was actually hoping he'd call because I had had enough of doing other people's jobs yesterday and it would have been nice to chew someone out.  Talk to ya later, Robin 
 Happy Valentine's Day to you too!  And I'm not antiromantic...I'm just not as romantic as some people.  It could be worse.  I could be like my mom...she's less romantic than me.  Tambien te quiero MUcho. 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 2/13/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 2/13/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 2/13/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 933,816. 2/13/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 169,657. 2/13/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 1,019,210. 
 What was she sentenced for? 
 It really makes me think something's up since he's this organized... 
 Sorry to hear you're having a bad day.  If it helps mine's not much better. I've been harrassed by at least half the company, I think.  Frank's out of the office, so I've got Sunil's replacement (who doesn't have a clue) calling me every two minutes, as well as Vlady calling, and the out of Control group calling, and Canada calling trying to get their p&l right......it's been nuts.  I was hoping today would be boring so I could do GMAT homework.  I would love to get out of the building for a little while.  Some lady just asked me for directions to get off this floor...  Does this seem scary to you??  Especially when you consider she was facing the neon EXIT sign down the hall.  Wow!!  Apparently everyone's lost their mind today.  Hope your day gets better. Robin 
 Burton,  The book INTRA-ONT-CAD-GDL  is in the AGG-GASlI portfolio, not in the AGG-GAS III and IV portfolios.  Please add this book to both the AGG-GASIII and AGG-GASIV portfolios.  Thanks, Robin 
 Strong Drugs!!! 
 We saw an even better one the other day.  Someone was trying to sell a 1972 Calladic Hurse.  It's white with orange flames on the front fenders!!!  And it has a huge stereo system in the back.  Now what kind of freak owns something like that and why would you announce it at work? 
 Thanks.  You're the best.  Robin 
 Hey Lynn,  Is Laura back in the office?  I was hoping we could start working with HR early this week, so there would be a possibility that we would have a decision made by the end of the week.  Thanks, Robin 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 2/12/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 2/12/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 2/12/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 1,016,311. 2/12/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 169,668 2/12/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 1,089,337 
 Are you going to be able to leave anytime soon?  If you are I'll give you a ride.  Let me know. 
 Nancy,  The new attributes you have assigned to the IM-EMWNSS2-PHY  book are duplicating the attributes of the INTRA-EMWNSS1-PHY book.  Per my original request please change the region code for IM-EMWNSS2-PHY to Midwest_Old, since it is my understanding from Burton that this book should no longer be used.  If you have any more questions, give me a call. Robin    Enron North America Corp. 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 2/9/01 MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 2/9/01 MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 2/9/01 MANAGEMENT-GAS -1241637.23544717 2/9/01 MANAGEMENT-PWR -171191.895290718 2/9/01 AGG-MANAGEMENT -1307273.98368016 
 Well I'm not exactly busy, but I do have a couple of things I could do. Could you do 4:30 or is that too early? 
 What did she say? 
 What's going on?  Are you busy?  I'm going to try to get out of here early again today.  If there's any chance you can get away by 5 let me know and I'll hang out.  RR 
 Stacey,  I have a couple of questions for you to ensure that we report the positions correctly.  First, is this a Power East or Power West book?  Second, when can we expect to be reporting positions in this book?  Finally, who is the trader for this book?  Thanks for your help. Robin    Enron North America Corp. 
 Hey girl,  I'm really in about the same position I was in on Monday.  I've talked to the people in the office and they promise me they are still interested in having me up there.  But HR seems to be impeding the process at this point.  I'm just waiting for them to get back to me.  And the VP's son had surgery this week and apparently it was much more serious than they expected, so she's been unavailable all week.  She's supposed to be back in the office on Monday so hopefully she'll shake things up a little.  I definitely won't leave without saying goodbye.  We'll have to get together for lunch once I have some definite plans.  Talk to ya later...Enjoy your day off. Robin 
 Tom,  It looks like everything ran perfectly.  I have attached a copy of the positions that were loaded into the system.  Let me know if you see any problems, but they seem to be in line with what you expected.  Let me know if you have any questions. Robin 
 Huh? 
 Here's the extent of what I know about Chicago. 
 Thanks for the update.  Robin 
 Please confirm...I'm still confused.  So you're coming, right?  You would have fun if you come.  Becky always tells stories about either her family or her husbands.  Since her family is from the hills of West Virginia and her husbands is from the swamps of Louisiana, she always has funny stories.   Let me know if you change your mind. Robin 
 You need to quit smokin' crack!!! 
 That was too weird...great minds think alike I guess.  I think our emails must have crossed in the server. 
 Irena,  Someone delivered an envelope for you.  I put it in your top right desk drawer.  Robin 
 Guten Morgen!!!  I've decided to learn German since I'm not having any luck with Spanish.  Oh my goodness....some "lady" just walked by with her pajamas on I think.  And apparently they were her pajamas from when she was in high school b/c not only are they hideously ugly they don't fit anymore!!  It's really scary.  Someone just called with work for me to do, so I'll talk to ya later.  I'm going to lunch with Shannon and Becky today if you want to come.  And yes you are really invited.  So let me know if you want to come and please be specific!!  Robin 
 The FT-NEAST-WH books were set up in the Agg-Gas II portfolio, but never added to the AGG-GAS III or AGG-GAS IV portfolios.  Please add these books under the J_Mrha porfolio in AGG-GAS III and AGG-GAS IV.  Thanks, Robin 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 2/8/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 2/8/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 2/8/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 1,395,617 2/8/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 171,132 2/8/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 1,449,781 
 Sounds good to me. 
 Guess what I found out this morning.   It looks like I'll be rotating out of this job just in time.  Jeff said Louise Kitchen is just like Shankman. Yikes...  We've (Jeff and I) not to tell Binh anything about her.  Lavo stresses her out, so I don't think she'd take the job if she knows it's only going to get worse!! 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 2/7/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 2/7/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 2/7/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 1,502,364. 2/7/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 171,642. 2/7/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 1,561,696. 
 I'm going home...can you believe it?  Give me a call when you get out of here.  Talk to ya later, Robin 
 Not yet.  But I haven't given up yet. 
 I heard from the admin in  Chicago.  She said Laura (the VP) is going to call the HR people and then call me sometime later today.  Maybe we'll actually make some progress today.  I'll let you know if I hear something.  Now get back to work!! 
 Yes I did get an apartment.  They are still doing some renovations, so I'll probably be in a hotel for a few days.  The owner said he would try to have it by the 12th, but you know how that goes.  I should be able to move in no later than the 16th though so that's not too bad.  If you could recommend a hotel I'd appreciate it.  Thanks, Robin 
 Frank,  I don't think the issue is how the books are calced/officialized on those days.  Here why.  The same calc is used the day before and for the rest of the following month.  The physical calc is simply copied each day.  On Jan. 31, extending the expert clause to include Feb is the only change made.  Once Feb rolles to intramonth the "From date" on the calc is changed from the Jan 1 to Feb 1.  Since January has already rolled off this should have no effect on the positions.  Also, the positions for prompt month were correctly captured by Risktrac, which leads me to believe that problem is with the VAR calc not the post ids.  Let me know if this doesn't answer your question. Robin    Enron North America Corp. 
 What's up?  Are you sore from all that hard work on the soccer field yesterday?  I'm bored today.  So tell me something.  Do you think I should pull rank on Binh for Valentines day and just tell her "I've been here longer, so you can work Valentines night."  The only thing that makes me feel bad about that is that she's had that day scheduled for vacation for a while.  Jeff is probably wondering why he pays me today.  I went for a 30 minute coffee break with Alejandra and I haven't done anything constructive since I've been back.  Oh well.  I really don't have anything to do though.  Te quiero. Robin 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 2/6/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 2/6/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 360,036. 2/6/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 1,365,573. 2/6/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 168,943. 2/6/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 1,445,176. 
 Coffee Sounds good...I'm falling asleep in my chair.  Can you go now? 
 Are you busy?  If not I'm going to come visit for a little while. 
 Well......Did you find out anything? 
 Better late than never!!  EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 2/5/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 2/5/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 372,344 2/5/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 1,387,804 2/5/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 175,302 2/5/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 1,470,940 
 That was funny...in fact it was the funniest thing I've heard all morning.  I'd rather go to lunch. Thanks anyway though. 
 I have nothing to do either but I'm just surfing the web.  I'm not as dedicated as you are. 
 Hey,  It doesn't look like I'm going to make your soccer game tonight.  In fact, I won't make the GMAT class either.   Rock officially resigned yesterday, which means there's no way they'll let him back in the building.  So I'm now running the bench again.  At least until I can get Binh comfortable running it.  Maybe that offer in Chicago wasn't so bad after all.  Enough whining for now.  Talk to ya later, Robin 
 Wei,  I am showing a position for the book id listed below when I query RMS Open Positions, but I don't see the positions when I query Benchmark Agg_View. Can you refresh the table to see if this position will pull into the Benchmark Agg_View table?  I am including the book id, post id, and position from yesterday.  Let me know if you need any more information.    BOOK ID   POST ID POSITION INTRA-ONT-CAD-GDL  1062779 -477.7 contracts   Thanks, Robin 
 You a