facility, since its going to be a "brownfield".  Talk to you soon.  Thanks Ben 
 Mr.Jemison: Thanks for the fast reply.  That time sounds great.  I have an information session at 1:00 pm and a meeting with someone in the Admissions office at 3:00 pm, so that works out perfectly.  I'm really looking forward to coming to Austin to visit the school and to visit with you.  See you on Friday the 18th at 2:30 pm.  Ben 
 We only need +/- 25% operating expenses for now.  Thanks, Ben 
 Could you please send Scot Chambers the project costs on USEC.  Thanks Ben 
 Bruce did give us project cost numbers and I will have him e-mail them to you.  Also, you and I already went through the project eval. form on USEC. Tom and I were trying to get numbers by Wednesday, but give me a call once you get the project cost numbers.  Thanks for your help with this project. Ben 
 Tom Swank, the originator and I sat down with Bruce Golden and went through the porject cost numbers for the GE 7FA combined cycle facility.  At this point we need to claculate FOM and VOM and other operating expenses.  We feel pretty good about the project cost numbers.  Let me know if you need more info than I have already given you.  Bruce Golden has the soft copy of the project cost numbers.  Thanks Ben 
 I checked with Bernie and there are no reserves left in any of the accounts. Edith Cross who worked on the Welded Tube Reg. Risk Account and who sits next to Bernie helped verify that there were no reserves left. Ben 
 This is what Scot Chambers has sent me so far. Ben 
 Rodney: Back when, Susan transfered all the files to me and we went through the entire reg.risk process.  For the year I was in ISG, I never had to adjust the reg.risk book.  I did not hand over the files to anyone else because the group was breaking up and figured it was better that I keep them. I was in yesterday going through all my files and the boxes under my desk and did not come up  with them.  In rotating down to East Orig. I lost a box of stuff, but I didn't think it had those files in it, but it looks like that was the case.  Let me know what you want me to do, if anything at this point.  Again, sorry for the delay.  Ben 3-7998 
 Here is some information that will be of use to you.  Please give me a call Wednesday or Thursday to talk about meeting on Friday.  See ya. Ben 
 Here is a brief summary of our transaction.  I talked to Mike Coleman this morning and he said to talk to you about this project.  Please give me a call so Tom and I can sit down with you today to discuss the project costs of the facility.  Thanks   Ben 3-7998 
 Here is a summary of the USEC transaction.   Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 That's fine - more people I can take money from. 
 Lunch? OSB OSB OSB OSB OSB OSB OSB 
 With regards to our conversation yesterday, I am loking for basic economics regarding GE 7FA's.  Such as, 1. output per turbine; 2. output for 4 7FA and 2 steam turbines; 3.  Heat Rates; and 4. cost per turbine and steam turbine. Total plant output will need to be 1000 MW's and will be run as a combined cycle facility.  If you could get me these numbers by the end of the day or call me to discuss what you currently have that would be great.  This project is not due till Wednesday.  Thanks Ben 
 I'll gladly take a % of your profits for getting you into the stock.  Or I'll just take that money from you this Saturday. Ben 
 Tomorrow's meeting on O&M costs will be held at 4:30pm in 3125A.  Give me a call if there are any problems.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is the current copy, we are still waiting for information from the structuring group for the last slide. Ben 
 Tammy: I wanted to see if I could get a couple of the board presentation that you were working on, with regards to the generation information.  I wanted to see how it turned out.  Thanks! Ben 
 Charlie: I just got back from NYC - I ran in the NYC Marathon yesterday.  It was a lot of fun and pretty good weather, but my time was a little slower than I would have wanted (4:27).  If Wednesday or Thursday works for you, I would like to come up to the Woodlands and meet with you over lunch.  I hope all is going well and I'll talk to you soon. Ben 
 The closest plant to our site is in Crisfield, which is to the West about 10 to 15 miles.  DPL is the owner of the plant.  Capacity is 2,500 kw's in the Summer and Winter and burns Fuel Oil #2.  Let me know what other information you need.  Thanks Ben 
 In refernce to your daughter and St. Cecilia's kindergarten class, let me know if my wife, Megan, who is a second grade teacher at the School, can talk to someone or answer any questions for you.. Ben 
 Sorry its taken a little time, but I'm talking to structuring this morning. I will hopefully get you that information today. Ben 
 Here is the file we put together to track the different companies.  Give me a call if you have any questions. 
 Lunch sounds good, but already have a tee time for Saturday, but looking for a fourth - interested? Ben 
 Here is a prelim. copy of the PJM Memo.  I am still adding additional information.  Let me know if you have any comments.  Thanks Ben 
 ICF Kaiser Prices used for Genco. Ben 
 Here is the Lincoln model we used.  Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks Ben 
 Here is the timesheet for this pay period. Thanks 
 Thanks so much for the message.  I am proud of myself for completing this race.  I need to figure out how I am going to keep off the weight.  Love you lots, Ben 
 I can't seem to find any PPA's with this type of language.  Also, I'm still trying to think who might have done a deal of this type.  You may want to check with Ozzie Pagan.  Thanks Ben 
 Is there a reason why you think you are Batman? 
 I'm trying to find good in this announcement but not much is coming from it. I did have a good interview at Duke Business School last week.  I should be hearing from NYU-Stern and Duke in the next couple of weeks.  What is my next option?  Any suggestions regarding writing letters to anyone you know at Duke or NYU? Ben 
 I talked with Linda Swoy at Teco and got the information we needed and have already passed it on to Bernie.  Thanks Ben 
 I just wanted to let you know that I got out UT Business School's application on Thursday, so they received it on Friday.  Megan and I are thinking about going down to Austin some time soon to see the school and see Austin.  Megan has never been down there, so if you guys would be interested in going down to Austin with maybe Brandon and Allison, that would be alot of fun.  Let me know.  If you could send an e-mail or a letter to the person you know at Texas that would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks Ben 
 I talked to Greg Penman in Chicago and he was looking for some infomation on LM 6000's, but I need to leave for the airport.  His number is 312.357.8872. If you could go through this RFP or call him to see what other info he needs that I haven't given him already.  Thanks Ben 
 This is the model from KN regarding their 4 LM 6000 Plant and their other plant which has 6 LM 6000's and I EA.  These numbers are hard to follow so they probably won't make a lot of since, without me going through them with you, which we can do when I get back.  I will be back tomorrow night and will be checking my messages.  Ben 
 Here is Mark's model. 
 Here is the Lincoln Model we have started to use.  Let me know where you are going to put it.  Thanks 
 Here is the project cost model. Ben 
 George: Sorry, I completely forgot to send my brief, but strong sailing expertise to you.  Most of the races I have been in were with J-25's up in Newport and one race in St. Martins.  Just relay to your friend that I'm a quick study, I'll will work hard and will drink even harder.  Thanks! Ben 
 Here is the model with the project costs we were talking about.  Give me a call if you have any questions.  Thanks Ben 
 Bullshit weasel!!!! Let me see if that is possible. I leave for Raleigh to go visit Duke on Thusday and don't get back till Friday night, so we will have to see. 
 A question already? No rest for the weary.  Yes there are maps that will fit in the cube.  I have one at my desk that you can copy.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is the LM 6000 model.  Give me a call if you have any questions. Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 Here is a copy of the treasury model.  Let me know if you have any questions or when you would like to go through it.  Thanks Ben 
 Thanks so much for that quick response.  One more favor - are you able to pull Con Ed Annual report?  The ticker is "ED". Thanks Ben 
 This refers to you two. 
 Here is the latest presentation we have on the structure of our deal.  If you have any questions please call Don Black at (713) 853-4750. Thanks Ben 
 Yes still in Texas, but thinking about moving back up East to New York.  I have applied to B-School so I'm waiting to here from them.  What a process this has been!  I have talked to Mike G. a couple times lately and we were thinking about trying to get alot of people together probably in the spring sometime.  We'll see how that goes.  Hope all is going well and next time lets keep in touch sooner.  See ya Ben 
 The meeting with Peco will be at 1:00pm in 3125b.  Thanks Ben 
 I am checking with the developers whether or not the state approved the petition.  I have not seen a physical copy of it, nor is it on DealBench, so I am trying to find this petition. Ben 
 Here are the models that you are looking for.  If you want, do you want to send me the latest "Old ISG" model and I can begin to think about how to incorporate the genco models into that one.  Let me know when you guys want to meet.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 Did you guys hear that Kevin Hannon left ENA to go to ECI.  Something BIG is happening over there.  I hear rumors that someone higher than that may be heading over there. Ben 
 Testing email. 
 Thank you for e-mailing me the report.  If you could mail two of the reports it would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks Ben 
 The meeting has been switched to 2:00pm over near room 3125 - TBA.  Let me know if this doesn't work for any of you.  Thanks Ben 
 Hey there; "Do you know who your "big toe" is yet?  Do you swallow alot of aggression along with alot of pizzas?  Well if you do, then you are going to be a lean, mean fighting machine.  I finally finished all of my applications and have had several interviews with Columbia and Rice.  Duke is in a couple of weeks.  I'll probably here from NYU in the next couple of weeks.  We were in St. Barts for New Years and it was awesome.  We need to have a huge party when you get back in the summer.  I talk to Gioffre quite a bit now and we are trying to get a lot of people together this summer.  Hope your trip is going well and Keep in touch.  I'll let you know how the B-School results come in.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 Here is the map of our peakers plants.  I am looking for some good bullet points to go along with them. Ben 
 Yes this is correct - thanks for the message. Ben 
 Here is the presentation Don and I have been working on.  I sent a copy to Linda Miller, but please keep this very confidential.  Thank you. Ben Rogers 
 Here is a presentation Don and I have been working on.  I have sent a copy to Tom Zenner, but please keep this very confidential.  Thank you. Ben Rogers 
 Here is the presentation we need colore copied and bound in a spiral ring 20 times ASAP.  Company # is 413 and Company # is 1231.  My number is 3-7998. Please give me a call when you are done.  Thanks Ben 
 6:45pm sounds good, but make sure you get that Black-Scholes model finished before you go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  See you there. 
 Here is the latest presentation Don and I have put together.  I will be out till Jan 2nd so have a good holiday.  Thanks Ben 
 I can't believe it -those Hoosiers actually beat a good team.  I'll admit that UK is not a real team this year- they need better point guards and a deeper bench, but lets get back to the real story.  Look at those Hoosiers go! Have a good holiday if I don't talk to you guys. Ben 
 Here is the latest presentation I have updated. Ben 
 Hey Nikhil; Hope all is going well and you also have a good holiday! Ben 
 Here is the latest presentation. Ben 
 Congratulations on taking over the top spot!  And you said these guys would be ok this year - your smoking crack again aren't you?  Looks like you guys could be Final Four bound in the RCA Dome in Hoosier Land.  Good Luck Ben 
 The guy you are talking about left CIN under a "cloud of suspicion" sort of speak.  He was the one who got into several bad deals and PPA's in California for CIN, thus he left on a bad note.  Let me know if you need more detail than that, I felt this was the type of info you were looking for.  Thanks! Ben 
 Here is the presentation.  Please give me a call if you have any questions. Ben 
 PLease include me in the Houston MBA Program Information Session.  Thanks!  Ben Rogers (713) 853-7998 Work (713) 355-8737 Home benjamin.rogers@enron.com 
 Here is a presentation that I need to have "cleaned up" a little bit.  I need this for this morning.  Please let me know the status.  Thanks. Ben 3-7998 
 I will be getting out my Rice and Texas applications on Tuesday the 21st, so if your able to complete these recommendation forms before or on Tuesday I would greatly appreciate it.  I leave for a Christmas vacation on Wednesday and wanted to get it out before I left.  If your not able to please let me know and I'll adjust my time frame.  Thanks again for taking the time to write these recommendations for me. Ben 
 I will be getting out my Rice application on Tuesday the 21st, so if your able to complete the recommendation form before or on Tuesday I would greatly appreciate it.  I leave for a Christmas vacation on Wednesday and wanted to get it out before I left.  Thanks again for taking the time to write this recommendation for me. Ben 
 Here is the due diligence sheet Bruce sent me, which they will follow when going over the assets.  Thanks Ben 
 Mr. Pushaw: Whats up my friend.  It's been a long while-too long.  The last time I saw you was when I was in New York for the marathon and saw you at that Italian rest.  I've been keeping up with gioffre (sp) as of late and noticed your e-mail address, so I wanted to give you a shout.  How's everything at law school going?  Will you be staying in NYC after you graduate?  I may be in NYC next year going to B-School at Columbia.  I'm down here in Houston working with Enron.  It's been a great experience but I'm ready to go back to school to get my MBA.  Please give me a call when you have some time and lets catch up.  My work number is (713)853-7998 and home is (713) 355-8738.  Hope all is going well and talk to you soon.  See ya Ben 
 Hee are Patrick Smith's brief comments regarding our questions. 
 This is just a reminder for our conference call at 9:00 am Wednesday.  We will call Patrick Smith from a conference room down here.  See you tomorrow. Ben 
 Here is the information on the generation bus point in PJM.  The bus point is Oak Hall. 
 Here are the questions we have for you for tomorrow's conference call.  Look forward to talking to you at 9:00am.  Thanks, Ben 
 All Right!  Thanks! 
 We and my family are going to Beaver Creek for x-mas but are going on a cruise which travels to different Virgin islands and will be in St. Barts for New Years.  We have never been to these Islands or on a cruise before so it should be pretty interesting.  I'll let you know about the tics.  See ya Ben 
 Hey Mike, Thanks for the pics.  Where were the ones from which  looks to be a wedding? Hey, how many tickets were you thinking about? Were you thinking two for you and your Dad?  That weekend is April 1 & 3, 2000.  I'm not sure whether that is Easter weekend or not.  One other way to get tics is to go to www.finalfourseats.com  Let me know your situation.  Where are you spending the New Year?  Talk to you later. Ben 
 No, but thanks for the offer. Ben 
 Here is the model that Delmarva sent to us, which needs to be run through a WinZip file.  You may want to check it against the previous model they sent to us to see what has changed.  I will be putting together questions on the model they sent over.  Let me know when you would like to sit down and go through them.  Bruce - you may want to go through it to check the O&M assumptions.  Bruce, if you have any questions please give myself or Erin Norris a call. Thanks Ben 
 Fabian: The July and August Operators report for Gleason are out on DealBench at Doc # 04.01.04.  The July Operators Report for Wheatland is also in DealBench at Doc. # 04.01.04.  The September reports for both plants are not out yet, but will be soon, probably next week.  I am working on getting you the hourly operational data for the months of August and Sept.  Please let me know if you have any more questions. Ben 
 Fabian: You can find actual performance data on DealBench at Doc # 04.01.03 A-E. Please let me know if you have any other questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 More questions.  These are from LG&E on the Wheatland and Gleason plants. Thanks again for your help. Ben 
 Tom: Please see the attached round 2 bidding instructions.  Thanks! Ben 
 Here is a map of Genco.  I'm still looking for some other summary information. Ben 
 This periods time sheet.  Thanks Ben 
 Susan: Here are some answers to some of your last questions.  If you could forward these on to Scott and Amy I would appreciate it. Ben 
 This came back for some reason.  Here it is again. Ben 
 Good to hear from you.  Have a good trip up in NYC and I will talk to you when you get back.  In the next couple of days pull up the Enron ticker and check out the other deal I have been working on.  We closed it this weekend. Regards, Ben 
 Here are some of the remaining questions we have answers to.  Please give me a call if you have any questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 What are you doing sending me this crap!  I want some dirty jokes!  I want some stories of wild, drunken nights, not this stuff.  We are getting into NYC on late on Friday night.  I am picking up my number early on Saturday morning.  Would you be interested in going to dinner with a group of us to Tony Dinapoli's on upper east side on Saturday night?  Were getting there at approx. 7:30pm.  Give me a call about this.  See ya Ben 
 I will send the fax to you right now.  Thanks! Ben 
 Jane: Refer to question #2 for the Gleason answer.  Please let me know if you have any other questions. Ben 
 No.  They have done alot of bad deals, in terms of overpaying for assets. The rumor was going around we were going to buy them back, but wasn't pre announced or anything.  See ya Ben 
 This weekend is out of the question - the BIG race is on Sunday up in the Big Apple.  Megan and I leave for NYC on Friday afternoon.  We will be getting back on Monday.  Watch ABC between 10:00am and 3:00pm, they play it down here.  Good deal with KMI.  I sent Susan a congratulations email this morning.  I'll talk to you soon. Ben 
 Jane: Here is the answer to the Wheatland question.  I am currently tracking down the answer to the Gleason question, which I should have very shortly. Ben 
 I wish I had taken the Bar with that special treatment - sign me up!  The big race is this weekend, so I hope I don't break a leg.  We leave Friday afternoon and get back on Monday.  I will be walking very slow next week. Let's try and get together next week sometime for a little dinner.  See ya Ben 
 Congratulations!  Now we can really put you to work!!  Hope you had a little fun yesterday celebrating.  Talk to you guys soon. Ben 
 Teseo: It was a pleasure meeting you.  I enjoyed our conversation, which I hope was helpful with regards to understanding how Enron operates.  Enron is truely a great place to work.  It's a lot of hard work, but your having a lot of fun doing it.  I hope all your interviews went well on Saturday.  Good luck with the second year and please don't hesitate to contact me if you have any additional questions. Regards, Ben 
 This pc has not been set up for it.  I'll get it set up soon. Do you have aol?  Whats up? 
 Thanks! 
 Good Luck!  The day is not going so well!  I'll talk to you later. 
 Everyday that we are on the front cover of the journal our stock will go lower.  I have said this the past three weeks and everyday I have been right.  I think it could continue to go lower, because their is going to be no good news for a little while.  Getting access to cash from private equity firms is a double edge sword.  It doesn't look good for the small E. 
 I needed the CPN lifeboat three weeks ago.  This ship is going down, takeover soon or bankruptcy later.  No joke!  Let me check with Megan, but that sounds good. Ben 
 Remember, those cannot be used for blackmail when I run for mayor of New York. 
 Michael: I think things begin to fall apart before X-mas. Ben 
 David: Whats up?  I think tomorrow seems to be a big ax day over here for many of the groups in EIM and EGM.  It's getting pretty grim here on the trading floor.  Most people seem to think that this deal will not go through and that we will go into Ch. 7.  Trading has really slowed down.  How do things look over there? Ben 
 The word is - the end is near.  Look for something soon. Call me. Ben 
 Dad: How do you like that?  Rumors are everywhere!!  Give me a call. Ben 
 Jeff: I have a report that talks about Enron in depth, like a former executive wrote it, but its by a group called Global Change Associates.  Would you still like a copy?  Let me know. Ben 
 Jeff: It looks like we are playing eachother in the Met's consolation round.  The best time I can play is either after work or some time on the weekend.  Let me know what works for you. Ben 
 I will be here trading away.  Look forward to it.  See you then. Ben 
 It's been a really tough day.  I need a beer.  We may get one beer pretty soon or maybe not.  I'll let you know soon. Ben 
 Alan: The alarm on the NY model seems too be coming out slow.  Can you please check on it and see what the deal is. Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 It's currently  46.25 @ 46.75. 
 Whats your cell #?  I think I gave Mike Cyrus your home #.  I talked with him last night and he was going to give you a call.  Lets you and me try and talk today.  I have some material about these guys that you will appreciate. Ben 
 Michael: Harry's cell phone number is (832) 723-6363.  I think I gave you his home number. This number may be better to use to get in touch with Harry. Ben 
 Sounds good.  11:30? 
 Sounds good! 
 Harry: Wanted to get your comments on your conversation with Michael.  I think it would be good if we put something together using the information I have combined with what you would like to show them.  Then think about going up there pretty soon.  Let me know what you think. Ben 
 Michael: I just had another brief conversation with Harry.  He had not heard from Bruce yet.  I think coming down here sooner rather later would be important to get Harry and his team convinced.  Harry is talking to other folks and it seems that those talks are moving along quite quickly.  Hope this helps. Ben 
 Harry: What did you think of the presentation thus far and what other type of info are you looking for.  The rest of the presentation is not that strategy oriented like the pages I gave you, but I will go through it and see if any of the other pages will help.  The key is to get an idea of what they are trying to do so that you can craft in that fashion.  I am playing tennis at 3:00, but will call you later to talk more about the presentation and tomorrow's meeting. Ben 
 25 mw's is correct.  Thanks! Ben 
 What's up?  How's the week going?  Things are getting back to normal down here in Houston.  How's your brother doing - has he gone back to work? 
 Thats also 25 mw's.  Thanks! Ben 
 Unfortunately yes.  The traders and finance folks were kept on to perform u= nwind and liquidation functions.  The trading group, the group I am in, is = really the only group with value besides the pipleines, thus we will probab= ly be sold off to a bank like Citi or JPM.  I wouldn't mind that because th= ey understand the trading business of commodities as well as equities and f= ixed income.  This as been an amazing experience and taught me alot about o= ver leverage and strategic, really about what not to due, which can be as i= mportant as what to do in business.  99% of the folks are good hardworking = people, but its the few finance guys at the top that brought this company d= own.  It really is a shame to see all these people yesterday get laid off. = It was so sad.  Luckily, by accident I had sold off most of my options las= t year, but still lost a little 401 k dough, but I still have my health as = my mom likes to say.  On a good note we got your picture of the little tike= , looks great.  I hope all is going well and thanks for the e-mail.  Talk t= o you soon. Regards, Ben 
 sounds good.  see you there. 
 Sorry about that - I had to get a name and number from Mike for a guy at Goldman Sachs in New York, to arrange a potential meeting with those guys in NYC for a trading position.  I already paid $3,000 to ML today.  So its not an increase in Margin, plus you will write me a check for the current Margin balance tonight.  See you at home. Ben 
 whenever - I am going to leave here pretty soon.  So whenever the best time for you is, just let me know.  Is the car ready? 
 yes!  I am going to go workout in a couple of minutes - talk to you layer.  I will be going up to Cinci a week from today.  Good discussions happened last night. Ben 
 Yes - I think so.  I am still employed, just waiting to be bought out by a bank like Citigroup or UBS.  It's been crazy to live through all of this shit.  This has been an incredible learning experience of what NOT to do in business.  These guys at the top are complete crooks.  Anyway, enough bs, Megan and I are heading up to Boston for X-mas, were getting together with Jon and Kati one day.  Well be out in Colorado for New Year's.  I hope all is going well and I'll talk to you soon.  Thanks for the e-mail. Ben 
 Joe: Thanks for the call.  My e-mail at work, which is fine to send it to, is benjamin.rogers@enron.com.  My e-mail at home is rogersofenron@yahoo.com. I talked with Harry yesterday and he is bringing up with him all the resumes of the guys we are thinking about bringing over.  Do you want him to give them to McCabe or you or both when he is up there? Maybe someone should give hime a call before that to have the resumes sent up there sooner. I will send you and McCabe my resume today.  I look foward to coming up to Cincy Wednesday to talk to you guys about these opportunities. Regards, Ben 
 What's up buddy?  How's school going?  Did you get this e-mail on the Dolan's?  Are we getting that old that our friends are beginning to have kids. Say it ain't so!!  I am stillin shock over everything that happened last week.  I think our economy that is in for a beating for quit some time.  Our stock has gotten hammered.  The safe havens are the yield stocks.  Gotto go trade the power.  Talk to you later. Ben 
 Yes, thanks again for taking the time to arrange all this.  Talk to you soon. Regards, Ben 
 Dad: Here is a quick stock analysis spreadsheet you should really get to use.  Call me if you have any questions or we can go through it when we are out there in Colorado.  Did you have a chance to meet with Harry?  I was suppose to come up, but some of the guys weren't available. Ben 
 Dad: I thought the article was very poistive, but started out a little on the "good old boy" side.  You are operating in a political minefield very effectively.  Keep up the great work.  Talk to you soon and have a good week. Ben 
 Your talk is cheap.  I sat next to your Dad all day yesterday at the KMI investor conference.  We had a good chat.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 Please tranfer my parking over to the Allan Center.  Please let me know what I need to due as soon as possible.  Thanks for the heads up. Ben Rogers 3-7998 
 Dave: I hope all is going well.  I left you an e-mail regarding coming over to work for you.  I decided to not except the UBS deal, so I wanted to come work for you and Janet.  Since I have already talked with these guys, I am pretty much available today going forward.  Again, you know what I have done and I think it would be a good fit.  Hope to hear from you soon. Regards, Ben 
 I will call him today.  I have mover off the trading floor and I am actually back on 31st floor where we used to work in trading and origination.  Talk to you later. Ben 
 Have you noticed where Cin Summer is trading lately???  Thats right around $37.5 to $38.0  That is lower than where it liquedated last summer and based on the fundamentals regarding gas, it looks like its heading lower than that by April.  Just wanted to keep you well informed and hope that your guys were in the right position.  It was a pretty violent price move these last several weeks.  Hope all is going well and I'll talk to you soon. Ben 
 Dad: I heard that CIN summer is down to $32 - $33.  Gas is going to be below $2.00 for the summer by March.  Looks like your idea to short the whole year at $32.00 was a very good idea.  Again make sure your guys are looking at it right.  I think summer CIN will get to be around $28 before April and thats when you start buying it up.  Let me know what you think.  Merrill came out with a good report on you guys today.  I need to talk to you about a couple of things.  Please give me a call at home when you get the chance. Ben 
 WIERD!!!  Someone has too much free time on their hands. 
 It all comes down to the rotten deal culture this place became.  I-banks have this kind of deal culture, but they seem to have the right controls in place, plus they are a lot bigger and the SEC is a clear watchdog in their dealings. Ben 
 Excuse me!!!  You mean to say "what you learned in kindergarten" are the skills you need to have for the rest of your lifetime. 
 Rosanna: This most recent year I was in the power trading group for Enron working in the Northeast market, where I was a junior trader, but doing alot of senior trader type stuff.  I would be interested in talking with those guys if they are looking for someone like myself.  I know that most of the senior traders are staying with UBS.  There are a couple who have been looking elsewhere, some I think with Goldman.  Let me see where those guys are at.  I will send you my resume when I get home, so you will see it come through my home e-mail.  Thanks again and talk to you soon. Ben 
 Rosanna: Sorry about not getting back with you.  I am actually out in Vail/Beaver Creek, working on my skiing, since now is a pretty good time to work on that.  I am still interested in talking with your contacts.  I will call you tomorrow morning.  I hope all is going well and I'll talk to you soon. Thanks again for your patience and help with this issue. Regards, Ben 
 Greg: I went to the meeting to look at valuing some of the outstanding contracts.  It will take some time to make sure that we have the correct forward prices on some of these contracts.  I will report back to you soon how all that is going and prepare written summaries to you asap.  Hope this helps under these specific circumstances. Regards, Ben 
 Carefull - Don't make me deny you of sex!!! 
 you have way too much free time on your hands.  You maybe should be back in bed and not at work causing trouble between already troubled employees.  Nice art work!! 
 Paul: Up for playing spuash this week? Ben 
 Billy: Good to see you back online.  Need to play some tennis before I leave.  I'll give you a call later. Ben 
 Home e-mail: rogersofenron@yahoo.com 
 Dad: Let me know if you got the FedEx package I sent you yesterday.  It has some info I want to go through with you this weekend.  Also, I sent you Cliff's resume for you to look at so that you can give him a call with the hopes of hiring him for a finance position.  I'll talk to you soon. Ben 
 sounds good.  Meet at the Briar Club? 
 yes - Otto's or Texadelphia 
 Dad: Did you see that Dynegy is spinning off a MLP called Dynegy Energy Partners.  Exactly what I have been talking about could be happening and that is still a very good idea, with maybe some of the players in your area.  Also, John Rowe as been named sole CEO and Chairman of Exelon. They came out yesterday and said they were interested in merging with a midwest utility.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 Is this the Enron effect happening over there today? Ben 
 Hey: Where do you think Delaney goes?  Goldman? 
 Stan: Its been a very interesting ride these last four and a half years here.  I received an offer from UBS, but decided to turn it down for personal reasons.  These last few weeks I have been with the estate working on selling certain assets.  Tomorrow is my last day with the estate and then I am off to Ohio and Cinergy to continue trading.  I will also begin to learn the oprations of Cinergy as well as go back and get an executive MBA at Chicago.  Ultimately, I want to learn more about the overall operations and effective energy risk management. I just wanted to thank you for all you have done while I have been here.  I look back and think that I should have spent time in the pipeline group.  Even after all that has happened I certainly wouldn't change what I have experienced.  Thanks again for being such a good friend.  Hope you are doing well and good luck with everything.  I will send you my new information at Cinergy.  My Dad would love to hear from you sometime. Regards, Ben 
 Chobs: Sorry it took so long to respond, but its been crazy around here.  Both KMI and KMP are still good buys, its just the overall market environment thats bringing these down.  Also, the commodities prices in gas and crude and fuel oil have come off quite a bit, which makes the general investors worry about the future earnings potential of the companies.  They are locked into contracts at a very good price, so whether the price of the commodity goes up or down they still make their cash flow targets.  Remember, the CEO of the company has a stack of over 25% of the company, so he is very tied to the overall stock price.  Enough said, invest your money into KMI and KMP, especially KMP since it has that yield of around 7%.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 Missy: If you could change that to a taxi service, that would be great.  Since this is only a one day trip it's makes it a little easier for me.  Thanks again! Ben 
 Dad: Cliff sent you his resume.  Cliff is the guy who is married to Megan's sister Dierdre.  They currently live in NYC.  He is looking to do corporate development type work with you guys in Cincy.  Let me know what you think.  I left a message for Brian Terp to send me his resume so I can send it to you.  Let me also know about your conversation with Michael about what we talked about yesterday.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 Eric: There is a book store called the Brown Book Store located several blocks from here.  They have several books on trading within this industry that you will want to read.  You will need to call information to find out where they are.  Good Luck! Ben 
 Joe: Thanks for taking the time to talk with me regarding the opportunities at Cinergy.  I enjoyed my discussions with the other guys on the trading floor.  There is clearly money to be made trading in the right regions with the right people.  I would like to continue trading, but also learn Cinergy's assets to better understand how to effectively trade around these types of assets.  It seems that everyone I talked to is enthusiastic about growing the business in the right regions.  Let me know if you guys need me to come up and visit again.  Thanks again and I'll talk to you soon. Regards, Ben 
 Mr. Lay: It was good to see you down on the trading floor today.  I have been in the power trading group for about a year now.  I came over from the corp. development group after we sold the peakers to Allegheny and to Cinergy.  I was the one who convinced my Dad to buy those two peakers. The power trading group is a really solid group of individuals.  Sitting where I do I see and hear alot of what goes on in the heart on Enron and I feel that this part of the company is doing really well. I have been with Enron for over four years now and I continue to learn alot as well as contribute to Enron's bottom line.  Eventhough Enron's stock price has come off a little I still think this is a great company and that the overall fundamentals are very sound.  I hope all is going well!  Regards, Ben 
 Jeff: I think we may be past due on when we need to play by, but thats fine.  I think Saturday works for me as well.  I know things are quite busy right now, so good luck with everything. Ben 
 Yeah, Yeah, Yeah.  We will be going to Texadelphia around 7:00.  I will still call you when we get there. Love Ben 
 Yeah right!  Nice try - Geek! 
 Rebecca: I was just talking to Fred Mitro and he says you have put together a couple of different models on coal.  Can you please send me those models, so I can get an idea on how you guys are looking at the analysis.  Thanks! Regards, Ben 
 I talked with Don Miller and Mitch Robinson and it seems that they have also covered your other concerns.  They were the ones who I contacted with your concerns regarding your demin water, tax abatement and electricity questions. Ben 
 Gus: Are you able to assistance me in answering #2.  I have already received Dave's comments.  Thanks Ben 
 Amy: Here are the answers to your questions. With regards to the air permit to construct application, Jinsung will send it to you by email today, if he hasn't already; The Petition for Alternate testing, has been sent to you; 3.     This is a one time report to the State's emergency planning committee, the local emergency response department, and the local fire department declaring the presence of sulfuric acid and lead in quantities greater than 500 lb and 10,000 lb, respectively.  These notifications are being mailed out today. 4.     We are in the process of tracking down the analytical data associated with the Lake Acquisition property and will hopefully have that to you later today.  I hope this helps and please give us a call if you have any more questions. Thanks! Ben 
 John: With regards to the Demin water system, there are no capitalized charges in these cost figures - everything is expensed.  With respects to the Electricity, there is a Demand Charge included in this numer, which makes up approximately 50% of the cost.  The rest is attributable to energy costs. These costs are levelized for the full 12 months of the year.  Please let me know if you have any other comments.  Thanks! Ben 
 Jane: This attachment now has a completed answer for question #4.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks! Ben 
 Wanted to see if you were around for lunch today.  Give me a call if your available. Ben (713) 853-7998 
 Here are the '01 O&M Budgets.  Let me know if you have any questions. Ben 
 John: We are trying to set up a meeting tomorrow to discuss the Wheatland switchyard issues.  We will have someone from legal, Mitch Robinson and Don Miller attending for Enron.  Please let me know what time works best for you for tomorrow morning.  Thanks! Ben Rogers (713) 853-7998 
 Guys, Just wanted to see if you had any of these reports or knew of their where abouts: Emmission profiles for the Westinghouse units; Application for permit to construct; and Sediment samples/radioactive analysis or metal analysis.  Thanks for your assistance with these documents. Ben 
 Here is the coal presentation. Ben 
 Jane: Just wanted to let you know that the Gleason SOP is on DealBench - Doc. # 04.01.09.  This was a question that I don't think we had previously answered.  Also, question #4 of this attachment, which I sent to you earlier today, will be answered tomorrow.  Here is also the '01 O&M Budgets.  Thanks! Ben 
 Fred: Could you take a stab at question 4 for us.  We have no idea on this one. Thanks Ben 
 Jinsung: These need to be posted in DB! Ben 
 John: Here is the '01 Operating Budget.  Please let me know if you have any more questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 I think you got this but here it is anyway. Ben 
 Ron: It looks like Jane has not received these questions.  Let me know where they are in terms of being answered.  Thanks! Ben 
 Jane: Here are some more questions.  I will talk to Ron Coker, who is responsible for the LV questions, to see where he is with those.  Thanks for the fast reply.  We will get this resolved today for you. Thanks! Ben 
 Jane: I believe we have already sent you the answers to these questions.  They were sent to Tom Irwin.  Here are some of them again.  The rest of the answers for the peakers will follow shortly - we are cleaning them up a little. Ben 
 John: Here are the answers to the questions you have sent us.  Please give us a call if you have any more questions. Ben 
 I fogot to tell you.  Enron would be interested in a coal project.  I will send you there presentation they have put together.  I will send via e-mail, so you will need to open up the document.  Let me run with this with Delainey and I will get back with you and Michael. Ben 
 Here are some more questions we have been working on.  Thanks for your help. Ben 
 I left out on our Attendees Memo, Stuart Zisman, Enron's In-House Council. Ben 
 Scott: Here are the Remote Control Operation Agreement Docs and the Interconnection Agreements with IPL.  Here are also the names of the attendees from our conference call.  We are working on pulling some other information for you guys, but please give us a call if you need anything else.  Thanks! Ben 
 Here are some more questions where we need your assistance.  These are regarding Wheatland.   Thanks Ben 
 Here are the Aquila questions - partially answered. If your not sending out tonight, I need to verify the $48,000 and clean up the answer for #4. Ben 
 Here are the answers to your latest questions.  Again, please give us a call if you have any more questions.  Thanks! Ben Rogers 
 Thanks for the call this morning and the e-mail today.  Megan and I are ging to dinner tonight and just a simple, relaxing weekend.  My last long run is going to be Saturday morning.  I am looking forward to running this year since I didn't last year.  I'll talk to you soon. Love, Ben 
 Please disregard the e-mail asking you to help answer the latest Aquila questions.  We got em! Thanks Ben 
 I wonder why???  Now you guys can be in the driven's seat with regards to them.  Ben 
 Gus: We answered this question before, but wanted to run it by you to make sure we were right.  Thanks Ben 
 One more question regarding all three plants for allegheny.  Thanks Ben 
 Here are new questions from Aquila regarding the Wheatland plant.  If you can help answer some of these questions, we would greatly appreciate it. Ben 
 Charlie: Sorry for the delay with the e-mail, I just got back into the office from traveling.  We are working hard to sell these assets before year-end - they're a beast.  This Friday does not look good for lunch, but I think Tuesday or Wednesday of next week works.  I hope this works for you as well. Talk to you soon. Regards, Ben 
 Tom: The data room will be open till Thursday, November 2nd.  Hope this helps. Ben 
 Let's shoot for early next week for lunch.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 Here are the answers to your additional questions.  Please give us a call if you have any more questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 Mike: Here are the answers to your questions.  Please give us a call if you have any more questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 Hey, This week is probably not a good week, but lets definately shoot for early next week. Ben 
 Was that your harse realities of life speech.  I thought you were aa optimist just like myself.  I belive I actually should get a lot of credit and not just contribution for this deal.  It's not often an Associate helps crate $200 MM of value.  Have you checked out how much snow B.C. has gotten recently and how much there about to get - its incredible.  This is going to be a great ski season. Ben 
 Your Welcome!!!  We have to get into the habit of doing that every year. Ben 
 Rick: Here are some questions we are working on where we need a little assistance. Check question 2.14 and any others.  Thanks! Ben 
 Jim: Here are some more questions regarding the Wheatland Plant.  Check questions 2.15 and 2.16.  Thanks Ben 
 Dave: Here are some more questions that we need your assistance with. Ben 
 We are trying to finish those today and probably will have them for you by the end of today.  We have had to tract down some additional environmental documents.  Please give us a call if you have any additional questions. Thanks! Ben 
 These are the questions that were sent to Allegheny: Ben 
 Fabian: Here are the answers to your questions.  Please give us a call if you have any more questions. Thanks! Ben 
 Here are the answers to your questions.  Please give us a call if you have any more questions.  Thanks Ben 
 More questions.  Most of them are already answered.  Thanks! Ben 
 Guys: Here are questions from LG&E regarding the peaker assets.  Some of these questions are tax related.  Please assist us in answering these questions. Thanks for your help. Ben 3-7998 
 Michael: If you can let me know when you have talked with Dave, that would be great. I am trying to talk with Don Miller and wanted to make sure that you had already talked with Dave.  Enron's PRC is going on and I am trying to get promoted to manager and this deal should enable me to do just that.  Thanks again for your comments to Dave. Ben 
 Susan: Here are the questions.  I am sending a rather large fax after this.  Please give me a call if you have any questions. Ben 
 Mitch: More questions on Lincoln.  These guys are only looking at Lincoln, so all of these should be just Lincoln questions.  Thanks again! Ben 
 Here are some more questions.  These guys are only bidding on Lincoln, so all of these should be just Lincoln questions.  Thanks again for your help with these. Ben 
 Gus: Here are some questions, where we need a little more information on.  Thanks! Ben 
 Mike: Here are the questions for the Lincoln Energy Center facility.  Please give us a call if you have any questions. Ben 
 Updated version of the Peco, rather Exelon, questions. Ben 
 More Questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 More Questions from Allegheny.  Thanks! Ben 
 Just wanted to say congratulations on the close.  I hope you had a good trip back to Cincy.  Again, I think that both companies are getting a very good deal, with you guys getting excellent assets at a very good price.  Hope to talk to you soon and I look forward to seeing the press release. Regards, Ben 
 More Questions! Ben 
 Here are more questions from Allegheny.  I broke these out based on the facilities. Thanks! Ben 
 3133 Buffalo Speedway Apt. # 8206 Houston, TX  77098 
 Thats exactly what you need is HELP!!! 
 Dana: That's fine.  Our guys will be at the plant when you get there.  Let me know if you have any additional questions or concerns.  Thanks! Ben 
 Jeff: Here is an e-mail from the guys at Aquila, who will be at the Wheatland site on Thursday.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 Hey Dan: It was good to see you the other day.  It's funny because I had tried to send you an e-mail, after talking to Andrew about the paper.  It's great eveything is going well.  I'm running the NYC Marathon in two weeks so my weekends are mostly about running, but after that I would like to get together for some golf.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 The water analysis that I sent you is for Gleason.  Over the weekend we put the other water analysis studies for the other plants on DealBench.  Please let me know if you have any other questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 Don: More questions from Allegheny from last night. Ben 
 Here are the 4 questions from Duke regarding the Lincoln site. Ben 
 Enjoy! Ben 
 Amy: If I could take the class beginning on November 18th, that would be great.  I think it would really help me get some problems I've been having worked out. Thanks again for taking the time to get back with me, I greatly appreciate it. Regards, Ben 
 Ashley: Thanks for sending this e-mail so quickly.  I would like to suggest a couple of changes to your resume just to "tighten" it up a little bit.  These are just minor changes that will make it look more consistent.  I also talked to a women who sits two seats down from me, who is a recruiter for another group.  She wanted to take a look at your resume once it was ready.  Let's try and talk about this later today or this weekend, so you can make these changes. Once we get things going internally, I know we can get you over here at Enron pretty quickly.  If I don't hear from you later today, please try me at home which is (713) 355-8738.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 Forgot to include these questions.  Thanks for the call this morning, your help is very much appreciated. Ben 
 Here are the Allegheny questions we just got tonight. Ben 
 Here are the questions from Allegheny regarding the Gleason plant.  We will try and answer these tomorrow, so please write down your answers to each question and fax back to me at (713) 646-8863.  Thanks for your help with these questions. Ben 
 Here are the questions from Allegheny regarding Gleason. Ben 
 Here are the DPL questions on Wheatland.  Please look at the environmental section to see what is relevant or needs to be answered.  Thanks! Ben 
 Here are the DPL questions.  Don and I are going through these questions this morning and talking with Ross  and Chris.  Thanks! Ben 
 Here are the questions and document requests from DPL.  Don and I are gong through them this morning and will give you guys a call later today for more info.  Thanks for your help with these. Ben 
 Thanks for the pics.  Very cute!!! Ben 
 Hey Ashley: Please give me a call at 713.853.7998, which is my work phone at Enron.  I look forward to talking to you about Enron. Regards, Ben 
 Hey Alli: I hadn't heard from you in a while and wanted to see how evergything was going.  Are you in David Cox's group and if so, how are things going?  Let me know if I can be of any assistance.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 Hey Dan: Just wanted to drop you a line.  I hadn't talked to you in quite some time and wanted to see how everything was going.  I had lunch today with my friend, Andrew Slocum, who I think you know.  He talked to his good friend Adam Wexslur (sp) and said things were going well with the paper.  He told me that everything seemed to be going great and that the paper has been out on print for a little while now.  It sounds great!  Please let me know how everything is going, because I think its awesome what your doing.  Hope to talk to you soon. Ben 
 Thanks for the quick reply.  I live within inside the loop on Buffalo Speedway near 59.  I think lunch next week sometime would be great.  I can come up to the Woodlands and we can meet up for lunch.  Let me check to see what day is best and I will send you an e-mail later today to confirm.  Hope that works and I'll talk to you soon. Ben 
 Sounds Good! 
 Charlie: It was a pleasure meeting you yesterday afternoon at the Columbia Business School information session.  As yo