:  vanfarow@hollandbpw.com    Thanks,  Kevin 
 What a relief.  Hope everything is going well.  KR 
 Let's say tomorrow at 6am.  See you then unless I hear back from you.  Kevin 
 Jim,  Do you have any availability this week?  Kevin 
 Luke's growing like crazy.  Great to see the update.  Yeah,   the wedding is getting near and the plans are pretty much complete.  We're really just having family so the plans at this point are minimum.  How's everything in California.  Is Lowery showing up on your doorstep every Sunday at dinner time?  I wouldn't be surprised.  Did I tell you about the dinner I attended in NY a month ago.  What an event.  The party included - get this crew - Bill Ricigliano, Dan Sweetser, Jonathan Counnnn, Richie Moller, Brian Sh., and yes, Vincent Lima.  We were all privey to Moller drinking a 12 oz. glass of fresh piss.  Some things never change.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 Great to hear you'll be back soon.  Get me a call when you get back in the states and tell that Fathead I said hi.  Kevin 
 Sweet house - I hope everything works out.  When are you trying to close? Did they accept your offer?  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 Had a great time in SF.  Went to the wine country for a few days.  Was sad to come back to Houston.  We haven't done much on the house since your visit.  I'll talk to you soon.  Tell Marie we said hi.  Kevin 
 Angela,  I'm not looking for another rotation.  I will be staying in NG trading and will hopefully be getting promoted this PRC session.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Kevin 
 I'll tell you what.  You give us your "want"  list and we'll make sure you can do it all. Of course, after you assemble the chair.  What was Lowery doing in San Antonio??  KR 
 Sell 'em all.  There's no turnaround in sight.  What's going on??  KR 
 Thought you might find this interesting!!  http://www.fortune.com/   XXOOXXOO,  Kevin 
 http://www.fortune.com/ 
 Chris,  Please take a look at the attached language and forward it to Stacey for her comments.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 David,  I have attached a listing of all my Bid Week transactions.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Kevin Ruscitti (713) 853-6320 
 Thanks,  Let me know if you're looking to sell some more, because I could do better than my EOL bid in this case.  Kevin 
 Please sign me up.  Kevin Ruscitti  x3-6320 
 Please sign me up.  Thank you,  Kevin Ruscitti x3-6320 
 We'll just be doing some house shopping.  I think we're going to postpone the upgrade to the existing house and look to buy a new house.  This would eliminate the need to move out for 6 months.  I'm dying to live in a house that is complete.  Anyway, besides this we don't seem to have much going on.  I'll just need to go into work for a few hours on Sunday.  Let me know what you want to do.  KR 
 Of course your Dad would be invited to anything we do, but if you'd rather spend the time alone with him that weekend we could always make it another weekend.  The only problem with the 12th is that we'll be consumed with the move the entire weekend.  Let me know what works for you.  We're flexible after the 12th.  KR 
 You're correct, Enron doesn't get too involved in these conventions.  I don't know why.  It seems that some of the desks have some functions but mine never does.   My desk seems to be pretty apathetic (probably not a good thing).  I think we've relied, more than any of our other desks, on the financial and e-commerce sides of the business.  Probably not a great thing.  Anyway, lets get together for a cocktail or dinner sometime within the next month.  Did you guys move to the Galleria location yet.  Let me know - we'll go get a big steak at Morton's or Ruths' Chris.  I assume a country boy like you is into some good red meat.  KR 
 Stamos,  Glad everyone had a good time at Sweets'.  I hope he had a blast.  In terms of your email reply, you can have Calpine.  How are they going to make money long term if price caps are instituted?  This obviously would be the stupidest policy.  In addition their exposure to the CA crisis must be pretty significant - when and how are they going to get paid?  I wouldn't want to bank on the energy market in the most regulated state in the country.  Plus, if the state backs energy purchases, it's going to get to the point where who wants to own CA credit??  PG&E and Edison International are doomed, as they should be.  The state of CA is going to go down the tubes unless they find some good leadership.  Unfortunately, noone out there seems to have the least clue on how to solve the problem.  The politicians are a complete joke.  It is incredibly disheartening to witness the absolute stupidity of the CA politicians in addressing this issue.  They seem to be much more focused on finger pointing than coming up with a viable solution.  I honestly think they are incable of solving the problem.   KR 
 Did you go to any parties last night??  I was lame, I didn't go to a single one.  I heard there were some decent ones.  How's life at Duke been?  I haven't talked to you much since you've become a big ICE trader.   Talk to you soon.  KR 
 Stamos,  I don't think many buying opportunities out there.   The economy is going to get crushed this year.  There's only one place to put one's money now, and that is in cash. The manufacturing sector is in dire straits and you will continue to see an increase in plant shutdowns and company layoffs.  The Fed could continue to lower rates but there'll be little capital investment if consumer spending dries up.  I feel we've just seen the beginning. I think the Dow will be trading under 8000 by the end of April.  Psychologically, the California crisis will add to consumer fear.  The crisis is not a short term problem.  As a result, barring any Federal bailout, you could kiss that state's economy goodbye. Let me ask you a question; if you were paying (1) the highest real estate prices in the country, and (2) the highest energy prices for the least reliable power, in (3) the midst of a hi-tech meltdown, what would keep you or your company from closing shop and moving to a different state??  If you own any CA real estate, sell.  The only way to solve the CA energy crisis is to reduce demand or increase supply. Since CA doesn't want any power plants in its backyard, the supply issue likely won't be solved anytime soon.  So, how do impact demand??  You have to price energy(power/gas) so high that the discretionary user (household, manufacturer, commercial store) conserves by closing its plant, cutting back on the thermastat or running the commercial operation during off-peak hours.  California will see this reduction in demand over time.  If the blackouts subside it's because so many businesses have closed their doors for good or moved to another state.  Without this, the blackouts will get much worse. If the state tries to get into the business of buying and selling electricity and gas, I would bet it will go bankrupt within 2-3 yrs.  Could you imagine the impact on the national economy from the bankruptcy of the U.S.'s most prosperous state.  Obviously this is only my opinion, but I would keep my eyes on the energy markets - that's where the key to the turnaround lies.  Take Care and thanks for the email.   Kevin 
 That state will never be the same.  My prediction is that the state will be bankrupt within the next 2 years unless the Federal Gov't bails it out.  I hope Lowery has held off on buying his house.  Talk to you this weekend.  I blew off the Montana trip so I'll be home.  KR 
 Great to hear from you.  Looking forward to meeting in Houston for a baseball game. Conway will be in Corpis soon so we should be able to do a weekend.  We should start construction on the house in May - what an incredibly long process it is.  I definitely would not do it if I had to do it over again.  One redeeming factor is that we bought on a good block.  We definitely have the ugliest house on the block.  We should get a pop in real estate also when all the California companies start migrating to Texas.  Joking aside, unless you guys have incredibly mild weather this summer combined with a lot of rainfall, you're summer will suck.  There is no doubt that the CA economy is going to suffer a great recession.  You have a shortage of supply so the only way to ease the problem is to reduce demand.  This usually occurs when prices reach levels where the price sensitive buyers cut back.  However, with your boy Grey Davis pushing for  price caps, this won't happen.   The next way for demand to be trimmed is for companies to leave, so this will probably need to happen to an extent for the problem to ease.  The other factor, of course, is that you could have an increase in supply - new power plants.  But being that the amt. of time it takes to develop and build a power plant in CA is about 3 times as long as in most other states combined with the fact that CA hasn't had a new power plant in the last 10 years, an increase in supply doesn't seem likely in the short term.  Again, this is only my opinion, so you could take it with a grain of salt.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 BL,  Have you experienced any blackouts yet?  I think you'll see a lot this summer. What does everyone think about the situation?  Do they think it's a threat or not?  I think the state is in for a horrific summer - I hope it doesn't turn out that way, but it'll be incredibly difficult to avoid.  Hope everything's going well with work and with the family.  When's the next time you'll be in Dallas?  Let me know.  KR 
 Thanks Lee, I appreciate it.  Kevin  FYI  Aquila was a decent seller of Jun and Jun-Oct NGPL/LA today. Not much action on the Nov01-Mar02. I'll keep you informed.  Feel free to call me at x3-6320 if you have any questions. 
 Murli,  Friday may be tough b/c we just bought a new house and we actually move the next day.  However, let me check with Lisa and I'll get back to you for sure.  Talk to you tomorrow.  Kevin 
 Easter was great, how 'bout yours.  It was just me, Lisa and a friend of mine. How's everything been with you?  How are the wedding plans coming?  Have you seen Bruce lately?  How 'bout my brother?  Kevin 
 Where are you moving to?  How's the little one?  Hope everything is going great.  We just bought a new house ourselves.  We are moving in the 12th.  This weekend we're hitting Jazz Fest in New Orleans with Capt Frank P. Conway.  Talk to you soon.  KR 
 Chris,  What's the status of this product.  I haven't heard anything in a while.  KR 
 Thought you might find the article interesting. 
 He's the man 
 I saw that, unbelievable huh?  The sad thing is that the folks I work with never heard of Jack Kerouac nor "On the Road". Probably not surprising considering most are from Texas.  How's everything going?  Did you get an opportunity to call Kampy.  How's the job search progressing?  Before I forget, was there a guy in our MBA class named Chris Sevrson or something like that?  An email was forwarded to me and that name was on the forward list and it sounded familiar.  Any big plans for the weekend?  We're just hanging around Houston.  It seems every weekend for the past year+ we've been doing some type of house work.  Hopefully one day it will slow.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 I need to hear the rest of the Red Neck weekend story.  Send me an email or give me a call.  Also do you have Lowery's and T.J.'s email addresses.  They were deleted from my system when our email system was upgraded.  KR 
 The reason I asked about Chris Sevrens is that he was on the list (you'll see) of this email.  I don't know if you heard about it but the author of the email got fired shortly after it circulated through Wall St.  Anyway, thought you might find it amusing.  Start from the bottom of this email and work your way up.  It's interesting to see the path it took to so many people.  You'll see Sevrens name near the bottom.  KR 
 I think Enron is going to $10.  I've been quite concerned for the last month+.  It looks like a number of the senior execs have done some questionable acts.  It's been quite the moral buster.  They need to clean shop and get rid of the CEO and entire board for letting these types of actions occur.  We will never regain investor confidence until this occurs.  The problem with ENE is that we make an incredible amt of money on the wholesale side of the energy business (natural gas and power) but we have thrown money at a myriad of bad businesses that lost lots of money (Azurix water co., broadband, residential marketing.  They need to get someone in here that will eliminate these losers and focus on the core businesses.  In my opinion, some of these execs, former and current, should go to jail.  It's amazing how a group of guys could ruin a great company.  I'm sure there will be a grad school case study and a book written about this.  I'm sure it will be a best seller.  Anyway, let me get off my soapbox.  I'm glad to hear you got a new job. That would be great if Chris gets the package and looks for something more enjoyable.  Congrats to you brother and make sure you tell your folks I was asking about them.  Lisa and I haven't finalized any plans to NJ in Jan but I'll let you know as soon as we do.  We're both looking forward to hooking up with you guys.  Conway won't have to go overseas.  He said he's the last one they'll activate.  His cell phone # is 240-298-7007.  I have to look for his email but i'll let you know when I find it.  Take care and good to hear from you.  Kevin 
 I'm not going to be able to make it.  I talked to Lisa and we're heading back to NJ for her friends wedding.  I'm hoping to make a trip to CA sometime next year.  I hope you have a great time and tell Lulenski I said hi.  Kevin 
 Steve,  Not a lot.  Just working and watching my company's stock get the shit kicked out of it.  I did get married last year, but everything else has been pretty quiet. How 'bout yourself.  What have you been up to?  Who have you kept in touch with?  Kevin 
 The 12th isn't good for me b/c we're moving.   Any other weekend should be OK though.  Kevin 
 Steve,  Hope everything is going well.  Unfortunately I won't be able to attend the reunion.  Hope you have a great time.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 I'd sell all of the ENE.  KR 
 Great to hear from you.  Glad to know everyone's doing well. Did you know Moller was going to be on TV or were you just channel surfing?  How did he do?  Work's going OK.  ENE stock has been getting destroyed.  A lot of negative press abt management.  I would sell your shares if you still have them.  It's $30 right know but I have a feeling it's going lower.  Tell Dave also if you talk to him.  News has been coming out that I wasn't aware of.  Anyway, Lisa's job is going great - she's really happy.  We haven't been up to a lot lately - just hanging around the neighborhood.  The anthrax scares and the terrorist stories are really scary.  What a bunch of nuts we have living in this world.  I have a feeling it could get worse before it gets better.  Don't open any letters from unknown companies or counterparties.  Take care of yourself and Gloria and Tommy.  Tell them we said hi and we'll talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 Sounds good based on 1 condition.  You and ML do not pick up everyone's dinner. We'll just go out to dinner and a show and we'll all split it.  Sounds like fun.  Good idea - must've been ML's.  KR 
 We have a lot of things to do Saturday or else I would - believe me.  We'll have to get together the next time. Let me know if I  can help any more with your search.  Kevin 
 I'd like to but i'm tied up doing house stuff all day.  Have you found a group in Houston? How's the search going?  Tell Matt I said hi.  kevin 
 It didn't down here b/c I watched it from 5:15 - 6pm unless it actually came on 4pm down here with the time difference.  I bet that's what happened.  KR 
 I think the only di