s that if a cap is imposed on power prices, then in lieu of using the capped price to determine the floating price, you would be required (under ISDA) to eventually get brokers to determine what the price would have been without the cap.  I want to add language to our physical contracts that addresses material changes/disappearance of the published prices that would mirror the financial trading terms and doubt whether we would want to make the imposition of a cap on power prices a MDE.  If you treat the imposition of a cap (say in CA of prices to $500 or in NEPOOL to $1,000) as a MDE, then we would be required to secure quotes as to what the price would have been without the cap each time that a pricing date trades at the cap level.   This only seems fraught with litigation risk to me.  Alternatively, if caps are not deemed a MDE, then you would always settle against the published prices, even if they are "artificially" determined after the trade was entered into.  While caps are not appealing, I think it would be better to not have the imposition of caps be considered a MDE.  I have spoken with the financial trading group and they will follow our lead on this.  So, depending upon what you both think, we will make sure that financial and physical power are treated the same on this issue.  Thanks for your thoughts. 
 Mark  Attached are my comments to your Hypotheticals. Call with any questions   Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
 Attached is a chart showing how I thought the PGE assignment could work. Let me know what else we can do.  Thanks 
 I think attachment is missing since I didn't get confirm.  Check w genia re paper - I think we have something but is skimpy 
 You are correct on the facts PGET pays a higher price to Morgan than EES pays to PGET - hence the payment to EES 
 thanks  we will likely need to simple corporate help as well to work on assignments/termination - if possible maybe you could get somebody to assist to also be on call.c 
 As promised.  THANKS    713 853 6349 
 per my vm 
 David  Could you work with Joe Wagner on this.  thanks 
 Attached are drafts of documents that we prepared and LLGM fixed. 
 hotel Lombardy 202 828 2600 
 This chart shows Morgan as CP - we are also doing similar deal with Avista. We are  trying to sign Avista tomorrow. 
 Primary Document with Avista 
 Hi David  FYI - Janice is out until the 22nd of Jan. so when you are finished with comments, please send them to me as well.  As soon as we have the "live" deal give me a call and we will see who has availability to assist you.  Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
 please call after reading 
 All done? 
 This is another TVA letter.  Can you please put in my directory, add our standard addresses and heading and set up for signature for Kevin Presto VP .  I will work on editing letter after you fix format. thanks 
 Hooray 
 hooray 
 Credit contact person is William Bradford at 713 853 3831 or you can call me at 713 853 6349. 
 thanks 
 John  I think the letter looks good. I made a few changes which I am enclosing.  thanks 
 Preliminary draft not yet reviewed by EES - let me know if you have comments  PS - Powerx deal is not one of the assigned transactions.  thanks Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 Please deliver to Peter ASAP thanks 
 I think it would be better in a side letter so as not reinvovle Avista at this point and raise any new issues - is that ok 
 Thanks again for all your help 
 Hi I am here.  We are closing tonight.  Call when you can.Thanks 
 Here are the revised documents that we will need EEMC to sign.  Please coordinate signatures w Travis.  Thanks Elizabeth   36349 
 FYI - Here are copies of the final documents for the PGET/Avista transaction that are being sent out for signature tonight.  Thanks for everybody's help in getting this done.  I will be out tomorrow but can be reached at home 713 853 6349 or on my cell phone 713 854 5747 and will be checking messages. Travis and Tracy will assist in gathering all the fax signatures and refaxing to all parties.  Remember - EPMI is required to wire the payment to PGET ($115,714.50) and WE NEED TO GET WIRE INFORMATION FROM PGET.  Also PGET must release cash collateral to Avista - we should follow up to make sure this happens.  Thanks again. 
 the e-mails sent by Rogers Herndon are encrypted and cannot be opened. 
 Hi Angela  Sorry I did not get back in touch w you earlier - my mom passed away over the holidays and I have been out of the office and don't know exactly when I will be back (definitely out the week of 15th).   I look forward to playing and will call you when I get back to play. 
 Bill told us last night the true up payments run to PGET 
 documents prepared by Shari w LLG help, sent to Avista  (i just found that out) 
 Andy  Sorry to get back to you so late - I've been out of town and will be out all this week as well.  A meeting on  14th/15th in DC would be great for me. Just let me know.  If you need to reach me this week - just leave me a voice mail at 713 853 6349.  Thanks Elizabeth 
 Any idea where EES is on this this am - I'm meeting w Mark H now to discuss. 
 please print 
 fyi - we have right to terminate EEMC power positions assumed by EPMI and have been letting them know that we might exercise this termination right if they don't help us on the collateral issues. 
 Sounds like a great idea - I'll talk to Grant and let you know.  Meanwhile can you hit this week?  Let me know. 
 please distribute to whoever you think would be interested. 
 Hi Andy  I would be happy to participate in whatever session/role in either or both Atlanta and/or Newport that you think would be helpful/appropriate - just let me know.  Thanks - Hope all is well. 
 I'd love to - Nothing bigger than setoff now. 
 Thanks for the words of encouragement 
 I approve this request but I am unable to access website.  Please advice what I should do. 
 Absolutely  - lets get Marcus involved.  With all the activity in NEPOOL and Leslie being out, I was thinking that Marcus should be the other NEPOOL expert. 
 FYI I was also helping on this deal as was Jason. Thanks Elizabeth 
 goes with other email.  thanks 
 Last Man Standing? 
 ? 
 Elizabeth Sager  713 853 6349 Elizabeth.Sager@enron.com 
 please print 
 Genia  Just to be sure we are working with the "latest form" of Enron guaranty, could you get from Tana the most current swap one and the check it agaianst the one we use for EEI - I would think they should be the same;  if not, lets discuss. Thanks 
 oops - i can't today but another day yes.  i'll call you later. 
 I will 
 Still working on it - I'll let you know final results soon 
 final settlement date is 2/16 i hope not 1/16 - thanks 
 Thanks - hope to see you soon 
 thanks and congrats too 
 thanks for the words of encouragement 
 Hi Paul - I am alive  but barely.  California is dark and so and I. Hope to talk to you soon. 
 have a good weekend 
 sure - could be interesting 
 Brent - I didn't work on the deal but I think it was a deal we did with a Florida company, maybe Florida Power likely in 96.  Melissa Murphy or Kim Theriot may be able to help locate.  Let me know if I can do anythin else. 
 how about thursday lunch? 
 Harlan - Dede is out this week - how about I take everybody out for lunch on Tuesday and we can figure out what to do for speech.  In the meanwhile, I'm going to give ISDA the charts we used at last ISDA meeting for distribution and Dede is going to get copies of various US agreements to ISDA.  Let me know of Tuesday works or if not other open day.  Thanks 713 853 6349 
 please print and put in binder with labels thanks 
 Hi John  Thanks for the  offer but despite what you say, your legal prowess is still far more important to me - I would likely have ceased working long ago w/out LLGM.  I rode up on the elevator with Jeff Skilling and he asked me if I still liked my job.  I first asked if I had a choice and then confessed it could be better.  I don't think I won many points with him, particularly when I asked him if he liked his job.  Oh well, any connections there?  I'm sending out documents tonight on the utility exposure by confirm to you and Jim.  I can talk to you and Jim about that as well as offset with the commandeered positions anytime on Wed morning.  Let me know what time works for you. 
 Richard just told me that we settled PCA.  That's great news but I will miss the opportunity to work with you.  Thanks for all your help on this matter and I hope we get to work together again on some other matter in the near future. 
 I don't know much but I think Dan Lyons is well versed on this.  Also maybe Dale R in Portland.  Hope all is well. 
 I'm open all day 
 please send my bio 
 badge no 11592 
 How about meeting for lunch on Tues at Ruggles (on Main) at noon? 
 how about 400 
 I do have a conflict so 400 would be better 
 after would work great for me 
 Hi John  You must have told CA to take a rest while you were in Florida - all was quiet and now my office is now clean (I didn't know what to do with my time so....).  Now that you are back,  I'm wondering if my peace and quiet will be shattered. Meanwhile,  I hope you and your family had a wonderful break.  And back to work, we are meeting on Tues morning at  900 Houston time to discuss block forward trades - do you think you can participate?  If not, no big deal.  Talk to you soon. 
 sounds great meet you on Smith at 1145? 
 EPMI/Comed capacity deal was never filed (EPMI has no current requirement to file). The owner of the facility never filed anything on the assumption that there was an oral, short term arrangement.  FERC requires approval for assignments in excess of $50,000.  Does this help? 
 chart distributed to isda 
 Hi Andy  I will speak on any panel, but my preference would be the  1st panel and I would speak on the CA experience and how EEI helps.  Also, I'd be happy to do products on day 2.  Hope all is well and look forward to seeing you soon.  PS Thanks so much for the plant - it is resting comfortably in my office and reminds me of all the times at EEI meetings and the wonderful friends I have met during this process. 
 Harlan cancelled lunch  - How about playing tennis earlier and skipping lunch 
 power marketers are not required to file 
 Hi Chris - Hope all is well.  Are you and Tracy coming to Texas ... for the conference? 
 Andy  I would be happy to do product/Into discussion as well.  I'll talk to Tracy but don't think she can make it from Portland to speak. If you need a speaker for the credit support annex I could help or maybe another Houston based credit person (I'll check to see if we have any any one available)  I'll be out of the office on the 7th (I'm speaking at ISDA as well as eye surgery in am so..   but I'm sure David Portz could show you the Enron building. His number is 713 853 9239.  Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
 fyi 
 yep -hooray! 
 fyi 
 I think it would be a good idea to distribute a sample MNA - maybe you could forward it to Liz Sullivan and see if she can get it in the "package".  I'm not sure about overheads something would likely be nice but I'm not sure what yet.  Lets talk on Monday  Thanks 
 fyi 
 Hi guys  In fear of the future I decided today to go ahead and prepare an outline of things we could talk about on Tues.  An unproofed draft of the brief presentation will be sent to you by my assistant.  Please feel free to mark up, delete or supplement.  On Mon when we talk and divy up parts , each person can then finish out the presentation as they want it.  .  Dede I'll call you on Monday at 930 and then we can conference Harlan in. Thanks for everybody's help and have a great weekend. 
 Hi Liz  We started working on presentation so still don't know everything yet.  We will likely need either overhead or slide projector.  WIll let you know Mon.  Thanks 
 Hi Cregg  Got your email - I don't know of any openings now but will certainly keep my eyes and ears open, and if I hear of anything I will let you know.  Good luck to you in your search - with your self realizations in tow (cynicism is always appreciated and confidence is a boon) , I'm sure an even better opportunity will present itself.  Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 CONFIDENTIAL ATTORNEY/CLIENT INFORMATION NOT DISCOVERABLE  Two years after PCA's bankruptcy, we received a demand letter from PCA.  PCA claims that EPMI owes PCA $15,126,445.16 for damages resulting from EPMI's wrongful termination of transactions in June 1998.  This amount appears to be based on PCA's calculation of the forward values of the terminated trades, and certain "preference payments" that PCA claims were made to EPMI.  This claim is in its preliminary stages.  I will update you with further information as soon as we get a handle on what the Trustee is really seeking.  As you will remember, we currently have a proof of claim pending against PCA for over $5 million dollars representing our unpaid receivable amount.  Bill  In connection with this matter, it would be very helpful if you could have someone gather the following information:  1.  Date and amount of last payment made by PCA, splitting the relative net amounts owed to and from EPMI (I would assume that payment for April deliveries was made - accordingly, I would assume that the last payment we received from PCA would have been around May 20th).  2.  Total amount of MWH delivered to PCA but for which PCA never paid for.  3.  The details of how you calculated the net MTM exposure of the terminated transactions (pursuant to an email to me dated July 27, 1998 you had calculated the MTM as of July 7, 1998 at $3,772,939)  As always, thanks for your help. 
 I sadly will not make dinner on Wed.  Brenda Whitehead should have sent updated bio but by copy of this I will ask her to resend.  Thanks 
 Hopefully this will get to you.  I've already faxed the document to you also. 
 Purchase of flat screen approved.  I will notify Janette.  E Sager    Marcus Nettelton@ENRON 03/06/2001 08:51 AM 
 Newport Beach April 18-19? 
 fyi 
 Approve.  I will notify Janette    David Portz 03/05/2001 10:59 AM 
 2 side letters have been signed by Mark and should be on their way to you from Travis (I was out Mon so Travis forwarded).  Call me or Travis if you or Mike don't get them.  On new letter I will try to get draft out this week or early next. eas 
 Andy I forgot I wont be  the am - my nanny is out.  Can we talk by phone. Sorry for the inconvenience. 
 at home 713 864 4023.  sorry again 
 John Klauberg at LaBoeuf, 212 4248125 
 Hi Andy I received this email but for some reason I can't open it.  Today is my last day in the office until the 22nd.  Can you resend this to me and I will look at it when I get back next week.  If it can't wait that long, go ahead and send to David Portz and he may be able to assist you. Look forward to talking to you soon. Elizabeth 
 Absolutely 
 thurs the 5th would be best 
 yes up on wed back on fri morn going w Richard Sanders may want to coordinate. I like the Govenor Hotel. 
 sure 
 thinking about what/who but nothing has hit me yet.  i'll keep thinking 
 don't know him but may be interested 
 generally available all day 
 Here is PGET risk reducing deal that Mark talked to you about.  Please coordinate with Lisa when you get a chance on Tues.  I ill help on the power master w Cinergy to make sure it is suitable for the underlying trades.  Thanks so much for your help. 
 Andy  Sorry I missed you on Friday.   My panels are fine the only problem is that I'm on the 12:10 flight back to Houston on Friday (So is Dede I think)  Is there any way we can make second talk on Friday earlier or else Dede and I can speak first and then step off panel? 
 CY  I'm not sure - I kind of think we need to keep going to some of these meetings, if nothing else to educate the industry and to listen to the western crowd.  With limited resources we will need to figure out which ones but ...  Talk to you later  ES 
 Can we talk about this in am (tues)?  Do we have a template? thanks 
 Shari  Would you please send to  Dede and Andy Enron's EEl language re  1.  Incorporation of prior trades 2. Market Disruption Language 3. Cover Sheet Set Off Language (set off if $ owed to DP) , including paragraph re  no payments until legal opinion  Thanks 
 fyi - form used by Shari 
 fine 
 Thanks! 
 Thanks again 
 Sounds great; I like vanilla but will you still give advice, for the correct change?  Talk to you soon. 
 date has changed 
 please print 
 GREAT NEWS 
 My goldfish died this weekend - He was with us for over 6 months.  A trusted companion for me in the early morning as he sang sweet "O's", he looking for food and me looking for peace of mind early in the morning before the days' voices began.  Another day today looks like another week which is how this whole past month feels.  Hopefully this to will pass.   Looking forward to talking to you soon and seeing you in early April.        ps - Great work on WAPA;  I get the distinct sense that no matter what, CDWR will close.   I hear Skilling told Portland that he loves trading and promises resources.  Oh my. 
 Anything I can do? 
 I have a dr appoint at 1215 for which I likely wont be back in office until 130.  Can we have it at 130 
 houston 
 500 houston  is fine 
 please confirm that we have not paid any of this bill 
 David Portz will handle - QSE in ERCOT is nearly done    William S Bradford/ENRON@enronXgate 03/20/2001 08:06 AM 
 please rsvp yes for me 
 great    Janet H Moore 03/20/2001 11:15 AM 
 I haven't stopped crying since I got your email .. Of course I've been crying everyday, several hours a day for months now, so it is hard to tell whose to blame .... You are welcome as always to come by anytime to watch the tears (maybe you will happen upon another fine hour like when I accidentally killed our goldfish on Sunday) or to pick up the ladder. 
 Peter  Just wanted to let you know that all the great work in Blue Range is paying off in the US - citing Blue Range, a Houston bankruptcy court correctly decided that a gas contract was a forward contract relative to the US safe harbor provisions.  If you want a copy of the opinion let me know.  Hope all is well.  Elizabeth  713 853 6349 
 Ship it up.If you want it we could look up blue book value and then figure out an appropriate valuation.  If you don't want it, you are Chi could sell it in DC or you could use it for a trade in.  If shipping is expensive and you want to fly down and drive up, I will pay for flight. 
 lets discuss later today 
 Wes  Here is current draft of CDWR agreement.  Negotiations are still underway. The underlying contract is the EEI Master - let me know if you need that standard form. Call w/ any questions/comments  Elizabeth 36349 
 thanks very much - here is outline 
 can you help Martin w this  thanks 
 130 central, great for me 
 have a great time 
 prererably after 200 central time 
 HI - I have given Marcus Nettelton the PPL file - my understanding is that we are near completion.  Let me know if there is anything I can do (I've met Eric a couple of times at EEI meetings so .....) thanks eas    Edward Sacks/ENRON@enronXgate 03/26/2001 06:55 PM 
 I love it when you call me honey pie - seeyoutonight 
 approved 
 Do these numbers include both EES and EEMC with respect to both PGE and SCE. If not I need them all combined.  Thanks for your help.  Elizabeth 36349    Mary Lynne Ruffer@EES 03/28/2001 08:16 AM 
 Hi Carol!  Thrilled to hear all is going well.  I would love to play tennis anytime (hopefully sooner rather than later so I can take advantage of  that lingering fatigue that takes months? years? to abate).  We can play at the Met either around lunchtime or sometime after 4:00.  Weekends would also work.  Can you play next Tuesday or Wednesday?  Call or write.  See you soon Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 ok to use chart thanks elizabeth 
 Just lying in wait for your call - in the meanwhile, here is draft. 
 Here is draft w minor edits.  Call with any questions.  Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
 Mark  Here is a draft of the memo I prepared to explain the Negative CTC assignment issue.  Please review and let me know if this appropriate and I have included the correct individuals on the distribution list.  Thanks for you help.  Elizabeth 36349 
 Last draft of documents reviewed by Pirog.  Pirog's mark up to follow by fax. 
 Hi How about lunch on Tuesday next week? 
 Great - lunch is a definite and let's check schedules and weather on Mon to determine bikes ( I go to Portland on Wed so things may be busy). 
 LOVE HONEY PIE 
 Hi Peter  Hope all is going well.  I received your message about a meeting today, August 30th.  Because of a prior commitment that starts at 3:30, I will not be able to attend - I will be in  Thursday and Friday, so if there is anything I can do, just let me know.  Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 fyi 
 THANKS 
 Work really hard. Deal dies, in silence after final commercial offer made (more money for summer please).  Hope you had a great time away from the casino. 
 fyi 
 I like the format of the 1st one.  Are we going to also post in Portland? 
 ok by me - just talk to Chi.  On the $ side you may also want to check the blue book value. hope all is ok 
 Approved up to $400 - if it is more would you please let me know Janette  Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
 great - this week is bad because I go to Portland for week until Friday.  How about next week? 
 I'm going to Portland this week and will let you know how that goes and whether we should post. Thanks 
 Hi Harlan  Hope your enjoying your fortuitous timing - since you've been gone we haven't seen below triple digits and there is no relief in site.  In that vain, I'd love nothing more than to pull you back for nothing less than an Into meeting.  I spoke w Kevin Presto, head of East trading, and he has proposed that we all get together no earlier than the end of next week, with afternoons and Tues or Thurs being the best days.  He would propose that he, Rogers Herndon and John Zufferli attend.  Let me know what days would work for you.  Happy trails Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 We did settle w PCA - I will get $ from Richard and let you know.  I'm still thinking about waiver letters; my instinct is not necessary but ... I'll call later. 
 Molly  Thanks for the resumes - I'm out the rest of this week but will get back to you next week. 
 Modified slightly (sorry no blackline).  Call w questions. 
 I can make it.  Thanks. 
 Thanks Andy - I look at it tonight.  Look forward to seeing you in CA. 
 Ella has a  birthday party at 200 so I don't think we can do the Houstonian Hunt.  Do you want to go to CHOo choo park that Sat am? 
 I"M SORRY - IHAVE TO CANCEL LUNCH TOMORROW.  CAN WE DO IT NEXT TUES 
 starts at 900 - see you there a little early? 
 Thanks for your voice mail.  In case you are wondering what my former secretary and long time friend thinks of me .... This goes with a bigger story I will tell you about sometime when I can.  Talk to you later. 
 Please forward the documents we discussed to Marc. 
 Sorry for the delay. My assistant Brenda Whitehead will be sending to you shortly. 
 Thanks 
 Please send copies of PG&E report  to sagercox@earthlink.net, jlhuemoe@llgm.com and jklauberg@llgm.com.  THANKS 
 cy  Please review and if OK with you, print and prepare for signature by Tim (we need to send 2 letter per EEI contract).  Do not send - we will be determining timing later this afternoon thanks 
 Here is a brief memo prepared by Dan Watkiss relating to the relationship between TVA transmission and marketing.  N  I will call you later to discuss TVA letter. Kevin does not want to make offer to sell at market based rates.  Also want to discuss if there is any way we can challenge TVA on the hourly tag problems of last week.  Talk to you soon.  Thanks 
 fyi 
 fyi 
 FINAL 
 please put on calendar 
 Unbelievable error - best laugh all day.  Thanks 
 great - here is brochure.  I will try to get list of attendees so we can see who is going; usually in east, crowd is primarially legal and credit; WSPP meetings in west however generally have more commercial ... so I don't know if Stuart would benefit or not but I would love for him to come if he wants. Talk to you soon. 
 I can meet at 900 on Thurs.  I will be out of office from 1030 until 300 and then back thanks    "Laura Gibson" <lgibson@ogwb.com> 04/10/2001 04:36 PM Please respond to lgibson 
 Dale and Nicole  I unsuccessfully tried to retrieve the document you sent  Can you either resend or get me a hard copy.  Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
 monday around 10 also works for me 
 I'll send you the attendees list when I get it from EEI - meetings in the West frequently do have many "commercial" folks as well as lawyers and credit managers.  It is a great way for the lawyers to network. 
 for you, anything - I accept 
 Hi Dede  20/20?  pretty amazing isn't ? Can you play tennis on Friday? Talk to you soon 
 help? 
 Hi Sami  Can we get together next week to discuss?  How about Mon at 1030? 
 Thanks for your message.  Hope all is well.  I don't think I'll be able to have dinner on Thurs (Grant is coming) but thanks for the invite. Looking forward to seeing you in Newport. 
 no survey present when I open site - please advice 
 Ok to incorporate language referring to ERCOT/West product that we trade under EEI (West firm should already be handled and ERCOT confirms talk about product but without definition).  OK maybe to modify transmission contingent but need to clarify why with Harlan and then advice/discuss w traders.  We do not commonly use those definitions 
 Mark  I am not aware of any contracts similar to those described by Sharon. 
 Dynegy has requested a meeting with us to discuss what an "Into Product" is and how this product works with what is currently going on with transmission and how it may be impacted by future changes in transmission.  Attendees from Dynegy will include Griff Jones (Dynegy's head of trading), Matt (whose last name I didn't get) and their lawyer Harlan Murphy.  If you think somebody else should attend or if you want them to come over here, let me know and I can talk to Harlan.  Assuming the meeting stays scheduled, I will schedule an internal meeting to briefly go over the EEI Into definition before we meet with Dynegy.  As you are aware, in connection with the EEI effort we worked extensively with a large group of industry participants to define  what an Into Product is.  Dynegy and PECO were the two companies that were very outspoken against they way the product ultimately got defined.  Dynegy put on a big dog and pony show before a large group of industry participants trying to argue that EEI's Into product was flawed.   Their position, while not completely expressed, hinges on the concept that if you sell an Into Product and are making deliveries on firm transmission, then the Seller will always be excused from performance if the firm transmission gets cut for any reason (in general, this is contrary to EEI which obligates the Seller to go to another interface unless the cut was due to Buyer's use of non firm transmission when firm was available or due to Buyer's attempt to move the energy away from the receiving control area).  Dynegy's approach was driven by the fact that they have extensive generation and that the vast majority of their deals go physical.  At the time, we suggested that if they were worried about cuts in firm transmission, then they needed to sell a transmission contingent product.  Dynegy's concept was rejected at the EEI meetings.  I hope that the meeting will accomplish the following goals:  1.  Get Dynegy to agree to trade Into with us under a common Into definition - Dynegy will not sign an EEI with us because of the Into definition.  We trade Into extensively with them, but clearly do not have a common understanding of what we are trading.  Critical to clear up this ambiguity.  2. Secure Dynegy as an advocate of EEI - Because Dynegy was so vocal against EEI's Into definition, if they now started using EEI, it would further boost acceptance of the contract and isolate PECO as the only other major voice against the Into definition.  3. Reexamine the Into Product as it is currently drafted and consider what will happen as access to transmission changes - Because the Into product is such an important part of East trading today, it is critical that internally we all agree how it should operate. Additionally, it is critical that we start thinking about how the Into product will be affected by changes in transmission, such as the advent of RTOs (with long term Into deals we may want to consider addressing what happens if the receiving control area goes into an RTO)  Call me with any questions/thoughts.  Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
 Only 53 signed up so far but here it is - frequently more arrive at last minute.  Steve Marcus Nettelton is doing EOL while Leslie is on maternity leave.  Have a great weekend 
 fine with me 
 After looking at this I realize it may not be as helpful as I thought - certainly would need to add more analysis on the delivery obligations like FM and other rights to interrupt.  Call if you have any questions (713 853 6349).  ps  if you get a chance I would love to see the form PGE used in addition to the WSPP - I think you said it was PGE 11.  Thanks Have a great weekend. 
 I'm sorry I thought you might still be here.  I'm travelling the rest of this week so how about April 24th or 25th next week? 
 fyi 
 Lets do it when you are in Houston on Monday 
 Hi Mike  Dede and my husband and I are all bringing our racquets hoping to get in some tennis on either or both Wed and Thurs? Can you join us?  Let me know. 
 great 
 One hundred and forty two hours ago, I wandered into the Houston Casino, not really sure why other than a free floating anxiety that could only be appeased by attending to the ministerial tasks in life that so frequently make us forget how good life is.  So after a rousing game of tennis on Friday morning while my children were frolicking with Dede's 3 children at the Houston Country Club, I tackled my desk and made head way to no where. After trashing 457 emails, I opened the the 458th.  And then it came to me.  An epic. A history. A sense of time, commitment and value. A place where my roots are (as you all know, my mom and dad are buried in a family graveyard 200 feet from the only barn not burned in the Shenandoah valley during the Civil War and which was used a Yankee hospital).  And of course there is the hope of sustaining energy to cope with this lackluster, stressful career in the Casino.  And the Gods must have seen this coming too.  Being meager and always wanting to commit small, I sought only volume 1 of the opus.  Not to be found. Plenty of volume 2s and 3s but not a volume 1 to be found.  Other than in the sole, 3 volume set, neatly packages in the box, high up on a lonely shelf.  I knew I was on the right track when the person behind me tried to grab it out of my hands.  I fought and won.  I'm now on page 32 having met Jefferson Davis and Dear Abe.  At this rate I'll be finished in about 4 years, a true history of the war.  May Shelby be with us all  providing sustaining .......  es    Christian Yoder 04/16/2001 11:12 AM 
 Can you get EEI and cover sheet and riders to Carol thanks es 
 Hi Carol  My home number is 713 864 4023 - weekends would work fine so give me a call any time.  This heat is unbelievable. I've become weak in body and have recently only played inside at the Met - I'm playing this weekend outside for the first time in weeks - I'll probably get killed.  Just FYI  I will be out of town next weekend but around after that.  Anytime you want to play, just give me a call.  Lucky you - as I struggle at my desk dealing with the fallout from extreme volatility in Western power prices,  I can think of nothing more pleasant then holding a newborn (they never cry and don't eat that much - right?), luxuriously watching the drama unfold at the US Open.  Go Davenport.  Lets hope Martina fares as well.  Hope all is well and I'll talk to you soon.  Elizabeth 36349 
 I'm out this week giving a seminar - the head of the rival power form WSPP and me Miss EEI are giving presentations on why our documents are the best. Before that though we have tennis scheduled (he'll kill me but I do have the better form)  so it looks like we  will have to push it till the week of the 23rd  Any day that week is good.   Way to go again on your sweet victory this weekend. 
 Thanks for yesterday - It's a wonderful tradition that I look forward to every year.  Also, I spoke w Pam and does Tues at 700 work for you? Thanks again 
 Thanks for the book and bikes - Ella is in love with the bike with the basket.  How about lunch next week? 
 absolutely - see you at your house as darkness falls 
 I'm thrilled - see you in Newport (when do you get in?) 
 how about Wed, April 25th 
 Thanks for the explanation.  Can you also get the actual interest rate used for each group on terminated transactions (eg the financial trades, the power trades, the US gas trades and the Canadian gas trades).  Thanks    Tanya Rohauer/ENRON@enronXgate 04/16/2001 06:16 PM 
 Bill  I spoke with Richard and we will have to renew.  He is currently trying to get the PX bankruptcy court to allow us  to take back our security in light of the FERC ruling re chargebacks, but due to uncertainty of the FERC ruling, court has not been willing to allow us to remove. Richard continues on the case.  In the meanwhile, the PX/bankruptcy court will not allow the LC's to expire without drawing down.  So we should go ahead and renew.      William S Bradford/ENRON@enronXgate 04/16/2001 07:35 PM 
 Attached is a draft letter setting forth Enron's damages in connection with the termination of certain commodity forward and swap positions with PG&E. In lieu of sending out multiple letters and then aggregating the exposures for set off purposes, I thought it would be more understandable if we put all the matters in one letter.  For each product line,  I thought we could attach all the relevant information (I'm not sure if this is making it too easy for the court but it seems like the right thing to do). Each commodity line then would assemble the following and attach as an Appendix to the letter:  1.  Copy of Master Contract or applicable GTC 2.  Copy of transaction confirmations 3.  Copy of termination notice sent to PG&E 4.  Chart summarizing key commercial terms of transaction(s) 5.  Chart summarizing unpaid receivables and invoices for same 6.  Chart setting forth termination payment calculation for each terminated trade 7.  Paragraph describing methodology used to determine termination payment valuation (eg - 4 quotes secured, threw out high and low and averaged middle) 8   List showing quotes secured (entity, person, time and amount) and the extent available, written confirmation of such quote  I will be out of the office the rest of this week but will organize a call for early next week in order to finalize the PG&E package.  Thanks for all your help.    Elizabeth Sager 713 853 6349 
 THANKS 
 Go ahead and sign it - I did.  The law in Va. is that once appointed you can not revoke (I spoke w counsel on this). Mom's probate estate is very small.  thanks 
 Hi  Any chance you could hit Thursday or Friday? By then I'll also have the scoop on Newcombe's clinic.  Talk to you soon. 
 great - how about Thursday lunch 
 Hi Harlan  Tuesday, Sept 12th from 2:30 to 5:30 at your offices works fine for us.  Lets reconfirm Monday afternoon.  Thanks Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 Still on? Hope so - let me know where you would like to go (I can meet at 1230 or thereafter) 
 See you at Redwood Grill at 1230 (I've never been there!) 
 CONFIDENTIAL/NOT DISCOVERABLE  Attached is letter that went to PG&E yesterday - It will not likely get disclosed unless PG&E elects to go public with it.  We are continuing to have discussions with PG&E about this letter and are planning to meet next week.  Call with any questions. 
 ISDA language.  Thanks for your help. 
 I have never heard of Jeff.      Edward D Baughman/ENRON@enronXgate 04/26/2001 08:14 AM 
 Thanks for everybody's help on this - while we are at it we may as well put= =20 together 5 additional sets so we can distribute to those on whom the power= =20 shines. 
 Copy of PG&E letter 
 Mark  Attached is the draft memo. After you have had a chance to review, please call me with your thoughts/comments.  I would also like to briefly speak with John Klauberg about "East Coast" municipalities to make sure he thinks this policy works in the east as well.  John is going to call me early this afternoon.  Also, to the extent you think we should highlight financial trading policies like I have done, I would like Mark to review what is written (he did confirm that this is financial trading's policy).  Finally, it would be very helpful if I could get your thoughts on to whom we should distribute the memo.    Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
 Sara  I need to cancel my reservation for Wed. night.  Do you do this or should I? 
 Thanks - you even used the same minuscule type that I love but everybody hates.  My weekend is going great and now I think Mon will be OK too.   Hope you also had a good weekend.   Talk to you on Mon. 
 Peter  I just remembered I have a Dr appointment on the 10th at 400 - can Derek make it at 300 
 not yet but soon 
 Attached is draft agreement - If possible, I would like to get this out to Larry within the next hour ( I promised to send it first thing Monday am). Thanks for your fast review. 
 Larry:  In accordance with our conversation late last week, I am enclosing = a=20 revised draft of the proposed standstill agreement that was discussed on=20 Wednesday.  My comments primarily involve the following:  (1) As you and I discussed last week,  I thought it made sense to specify a= =20 reasonable date by which Enron and PG&E shall have reached closure on a=20 settlement agreement on the contract termination and related claims.  I =20 proposed a one month period to do that.  If the parties can=01,t come to an= =20 agreement in that time period, then the =01&mechanics=018 in the MPA for re= solving=20 a dispute dealing with the calculation of the termination payment would be= =20 =01&reactivated.=018  Obviously, if we are making progress, the parties can= always=20 extend the date.  I felt it was appropriate to specify the window period to= =20 make sure that everyone is focused on attempting to get a prompt resolution= . =20 Assuming a final settlement agreement is agreed upon, the conditions of the= =20 extension of the =01&stay=018 would be embodied in the settlement agreement= itself =20 (as opposed to this letter).  (2) Enron agreed at the meeting that it would keep the LCs in place while t= he=20 parties were working to see if a settlement agreement could be reached, and= =20 that requirement is reflected in our revisions to the letter.  Thus, the=20 revised letter provides that Enron will do this for the =01&Initial Extensi= on=20 Period=018 (i.e., to May 25, 2001).  Your draft had provided that Enron wou= ld be=20 required to keep the LCs in place even if no settlement agreement were to b= e=20 reached.  My view is that any requirement to maintain the LCs beyond the=20 Initial Extension Period and any conditions with respect thereto, if agreed= =20 to by Enron, should be part of the final settlement agreement executed by t= he=20 parties, rather than as part of this letter.  Also, we note that, as a=20 contractual matter, the MPA does not require the non-defaulting party to ke= ep=20 in place any security in favor of the defaulting party when, as a result of= a=20 termination, the non-defaulting party owes a payment to the defaulting part= y.=20 See Sec. 5.5.  (3) Your draft of the letter provided that Enron =01&agrees=018 to enter in= to new=20 master gas agreements and consummate term transactions on =01&commercially= =20 reasonable terms.=018  The revised letter specifies that Enron agrees to=20 negotiate with PG&E in these respects simultaneously with the negotiations= =20 towards a settlement agreement, but any commitment on Enron=01,s part to ef= fect=20 a contract or transaction with PG&E will only arise as a result of the=20 parties=01, execution of the definitive transaction documents (as opposed t= o=20 this letter), the execution of which shall be in the sole discretion of eac= h=20 of the parties.   Please call me at your convenience to discuss any questions on the foregoin= g=20 or on the revised letter.  Thanks in advance for your help in moving this= =20 forward.   Elizabeth Sager 713 853 6349 
 Attached is ENA legal's general posting for assistant positions - let Molly know if you want to make any changes.  I have not yet spoken with Molly but would like to move forward with hiring an assistant asap.  Molly said she had some candidates so .... Also, if you know anyone who may be interested, please let Molly know.  Hopefully we can start interviewing early next week.  Thanks 
 I hope this one works - if not, let me know and I can fax it to you.  Thanks  Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 Thanks for the invite but I am not coming up until Thurs morning so... maybe next year.  See you there. 
 You vastly overstate my role but  thank you nonetheless.  As always, an irreplaceable learning experience for me when we are communicating. And so, I too, thank you.  Have a great weekend.  Maybe take a shower. 
 is it ok for me to give Tracey and Georganne copies of PG&E book?  thanks 
 fyi 
 See you there 
 attached is blacklined copy.  review and if ok with you go ahead and forward to Larry.  document is in my directory under esager/2001/pg&e/standstill.doc.  thanks for your help.  good luck  ... on everything. 
 fyi 
 I think Tanya Rohauer would be the best person to speak with.    Tracey Irvin/ENRON@enronXgate 05/02/2001 04:14 PM 
 I also don't need to see them.  Thanks. 
 Peter Larry Witalis at PG&E wants to set up a meeting on Tues the 8th to go over the Canadian gas master - would you or somebody else be available some time tomorrow?  Thanks Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 HI Shari  How about the 14th for lunch 
 Attached is a rough draft, but I wanted to get you something before I left. Please review and call me with any comments.  I will review again tonight and make final comments.  I will be out tomorrow but we can work with Kim to make final changes Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
 Sounds great - I was at the Met last night doing drills and reserved a court for 1130 - also, wasn't sure it this would work, but Dede and I have talked about having one of the pro's in training (Micky) drill us and I spoke with him and I think he would be available.  Would you'all like to do that?  Let me know.  See you at 1130. 
 per our discussion yesterday - let me know it you have any thoughts.  thanks 
 Hi Larry   I spoke with Peter Keohane and Mark Powell from our Canadian office and they would be available at any time today, Tues the 8th , to go over the Canadian Gas Master between ECC and PG&E.  Let me know what time works for you.  Thanks Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 Attached is revised draft that incorporates all of PG&E's earlier comments and is marked to show my proposed revisions. Please review and let me know if you have any comments.  If possible, we should send back to PG&E today. Several Letters of Credit are soon to expire and we will otherwise need to provide substitute Letters by the 11th.   As always, thanks for everyone's help.  Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 Sami   Sorry I missed you while you were in Texas. Should we try to schedule at time to talk by phone?  Any time next week would work well for me.  Thanks Elizabeth 
 FYI _ Still waiting to hear a reply from PG&E    Peter Keohane 05/07/2001 04:39 PM 
 Peter and Mark  Can you go ahead and give Dave a call to work on Canadian Master  Thanks 
 In accordance with my voice mail, here is a revised standstill that incorporates the concept I referred to in my voice mail.  Please give me a call after you've had a chance to review.  Thanks Elizabeth Sager 713 853 6349      "Witalis, Lawrence (Law)" <LCW4@pge.com> 05/08/2001 02:38 PM 
 I can't meet on Thurs or Friday this week but can meet next week.  Let me know what works for you. 
 please let me know if you have any comments asap. thanks 
 Chris  I will look at confirm this am and call you back.  In the meanwhile if you need anything just give me a call at 713 853 6349. 
 Here is my initial cut at confirm - call me after you have a chance to review 
 sounds great 
 fyi - Tommy is the person who organizes teh Enron tennis team if you are interested 
 OK    Martha Keesler/ENRON@enronXgate 05/08/2001 04:45 PM 
 per my vm 
 Attached is the final version of the Standstill Agreement that Larry Witalis and I have been working on. As has been discussed, the Standstill Period would be until June 20th, the LCs would be extended until June 29th and the draw condition re 20 day expiry would be deleted.  Please review the attached and let me know if this would be OK to execute tomorrow and send to PG&E for signature.  Bill -  please confirm the amounts of the LCs.  Thanks Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 Lisa can you let me know if if we should contact Michael or will you be doing so  any way 
 per my vm 
 Hi Shari  Thanks for the revised draft - just a couple of things I wanted to talk to you about which I have incorporated  into a revised draft.  Call me when you get a chance at 713 853 6349.  Thanks 
 Bob  Here is a revised draft.  Please review and give me comments. Thanks Elizabeth 
 No pre meeting necessary - we can just talk on way over. 
 In accordance with my voice message, attached is the Standstill Agreement, which by copy of this letter I am asking Christian  Yoder, one of Enron's lawyers in Portland, to have executed by Tim Belden and then faxed to you at 415 973 5520 (fax) 415 973 3817 (telephone) .  If all is in order, please have the agreement signed by PG&E and returned to me at fax number 713 646 3490.  If there are any problems, please call me at 713 853 6349.  Thanks for all you assistance in getting this finalized. 
 OK by me    Chris Lackey/ENRON@enronXgate 05/10/2001 01:35 PM 
 Sorry ...  I can't help on this and that I didn't see you much in xTX.  Hope all is  well with you and all.  Talk to you soon. 
 Hi Marc  I think we are almost ready to start landscaping project  - could you go to Newton's on Sat am?  Hope all is well. 
 I approve the computer request for genia fitzgerald 
 If I don't mind, I'll call you tonight to talk about project.  Thanks. 
 CY   Can you call Larry and find out if he received and if not, resend, thanks. Phone no. is on lower email. 
 Hi  Can you make sure we sent a copy of the Newport presentation to him.  Thanks 
 should I get tickets? 
 I thought Derek was great.    Peter Keohane 05/14/2001 11:53 AM 
 Shari  FYI  Here is a confirmation I prepared (very quickly) for use with Entergy (that weird customer who will only use WSPP) when we need to do a firm deal under the WSPP. 
 Hi Shari  Just a few minor changes  - give me a call and let me know if you think OK. Talk to you soon.  713 853 6349      Shari_Stack@reliantenergy.com 05/11/2001 06:25 PM 
 Here is the slightly revised TVA Confirmation  Call with any questions.  Thanks 
 Hi John   Give me a call on this - I was thinking either Marcus Nettelton or Carol St Clair in Houston could help you. Which one will depend in part on how you think the timing will go.  Thanks 
 I'll try again - here is TVA confirm with a few minor changes. 
 I got tickets! 
 Here are proposed revisions.  Give me a call after you have reviewed. Thanks       Richard Ring@EES 05/15/2001 09:07 AM 
 OK with me - go ahead and prepare final version and then Joe and I will meet with EPMI to traders.  Thanks    Richard Ring@EES 05/15/2001 03:39 PM 
 Hi guys  I just remembered that we talked about playing today (1030?) Can anybody make it?  If not, let's try to reschedule.  Hope all is well and I'll talk to you soon. 
 Mark had the memo sent of Friday to the Executive Committee and all VPs. 
 I can play any time today  - I'll call you when I hear back from Christy 
 great see you there 
 thanks 
 Hi Shari  Thanks for the message - I can do lunch next Thurs.  Are you still free? 
 As per your instructions,I have approved the purchase request for the following:  One (1) Black/white Network Printer HP 4100N Cost Center No. 0000107061 Price - $1,503.00 USD  This purchase was requested by Martha Keesler and the printer is for Genia FitzGerald.  If you have any questions regarding this, please direct the e-mail to Martha Keesler at martha.keesler@enron.com.  Thank you, Elizabeth Sager 
 This is what happened last time  when I tried to to send it. 
 Martha I think this message was sent in response to the message you tried to send from my computer ( not the old message) ... so I don't think the IT people got the message that you tried to send today.  Thanks    Martha Keesler/ENRON@enronXgate 05/17/2001 09:40 AM 
 thanks for the message - Enron definitely pays expenses.  I will call later to confirm time and possible training session (and also HR update) 
 Still sore?  Up for tennis?  I can play Wed or Thurs.  Talk to you soon. 
 Hi - Thanks for Sat. - that was fun.  Can you play Tues or Thurs lunch? 
 some add'l humor 
 We are half way home - You passed the drug test (excellent).  Still no news on the background check - but HR will call the service this morning and get back to me. 
 yes - Christian Yoder is going 
 we will meet just to make sure nobody has anything they want to talk about, so it should last hardly at all 
 ENJOY 
 Hi  Looking forward to seeing everyone - a babysitter for Lucy, Ella and Sam sounds great.  Let me know if you need me to do anything. 
 Hi  Kriste can hit so we are going to try to meet at 12:15.  Can you join us late? 
 Kriste can hit at 12:15.  Can you join us? 
 Thanks for the note - I had alot of fun on Sat. too.  I'll call you later to talk about camps - I was kind of thinking of doing a 1/2 day camp at the MET but...  The teachers name for swimming at the H is Lauren ... just call the regular number and ask for swimming and then leave message for her. She will call you back. 
 see you on court 2 at 12:00 
 Can you met with Ella's school sometime mid morning on either Wed or Thurs next week.  On Colorado, we currently are scheduled to return on Wed the 22nd.  On this schedule we would miss parent orientation (Tues) and the kids would miss the first day of school which is a half day (Wed). Reschedule? 
 Hi John  I will look into this - Part of the problem is also that I don't have an assistant (Brenda left a few weeks ago and my new assistant (Alice)( HOORAY ), doesn't start until June 1st) who can approve or knows anything about invoicing. 
 Janet and Genia  Here is message and info re VEPCO.  Janet can you pick this one up from Janice? Genia can you get file from Janice's office and give to Janet?  Thanks 
 Hi Paul  I have asked JANET MOORE to pick this up from Janice.  JANET's number is 57400. 
 Carol  Can you sit in on this call with me ?   Thanks 
 Meeting at Ella's school on Thursday June 7th @1130 w Ms Pickett, Tatum and Ing. 
 As with any pearl, and in your case, enough has been said.  Given everything, else don't fret over this one. I have already enough ammo. 
 any interest 
 Please help me - I can not get access to approve this account.  Why not?  I am his supervisor and can get access to others accounts 
 JOIN 
 Hi  Sounds great - what do you think about 7-11 or 12 so the kids can "watch the sun set, too"    "Brock, Alex" <abrock@PoloRalphLauren.com> 05/29/2001 03:10 PM 
 Greg and Peter  Pamela Hickerson called and wanted to know if I would be interested in speaking in Calgary in Oct. at seminar her organization is hosting. Greg I think you may already be speaking. Is that right?  Would this be a good opportunity?  She wants me to speak about US power trading contracts and on-line trading.   Any thoughts if this is worthwhile?  Thanks for you input. 
 FYI  Alice's first day at Enron will be this Friday, June1st. She will be in employee training on the following Monday.  Alice will also be supporting Harlan Murphy, a new lawyer that will also start on Friday.  Thanks 
 Thanks for the feed back - it may not have been the same Greg Johnston (she said that her Greg had an "e" at the end of his name) 
 Thanks for this - as you suggested earlier when I get a break I will follow-up on your earlier email, re WEST TEAM with Carol as support, and send out another email. 
 APPROVED 
 APPROVED    Jan M King/ENRON@enronXgate 06/01/2001 01:14 PM 
 approved    Jan M King/ENRON@enronXgate 06/01/2001 01:42 PM 
 WELCOME BACK 
 Can you review? thanks 
 more(same) of prior email request 
 Hi  Can you can hit on Wed (lunch or afternoon fine for me)?  Talk to you soon. 
 Thurs at 530 would work great - See ya there  PS I didn't make the masters yet but ...... soon? I'm talking to my brother who is having some rough times about doing another family triathlon together at a Delaware beach.  Of course I'd have to somehow find a bike to practice on - I haven't been on one since Sam was born.  See ya Thurs. 
 Hi Andy  I would not be able to make the meetings during the week of July 23rd but Carol could on the collateral annex. The WSPP is holding its meeting on August 10th so that also may not be the best time for people, but again Carol could likely attend the collateral annex meeting.  Hope all is well. And as always thanks for your help. 
 HI Pamela  Sorry for the delay in responding (my external calls are not working) but it turns out that I have a scheduling conflict that will prevent me from speaking on Oct 11th/12th.   Thanks again for the invitation to speak - hopefully we will be able to speak again in the future.  Elizabeth 
 A couple of minor changes - let me know if this is OK with you and then I will discuss with Mark Haedicke.  Thanks  ps blacklining seems to be all messed up but I tried    "Williams, Stephen E." <sewilliams@mcguirewoods.com> 06/05/2001 10:04 AM 
 In accordance with my voice mail, attached is a revised version of the waiver letter for Janice.  After you have a chance to review, please let me know if this OK.  Thanks for your help.   Elizabeth  36349 
 Looks OK    "Moore, Janice R" <jmoore@mcguirewoods.com> 06/05/2001 04:22 PM 
 I have a court at 500 - see ya there unless I here otherwise 
 great - check out the spelling  below - now we know the real problem    Grant Cox <gacox@mail.gsi-net.com> 06/06/2001 01:23 PM 
 fyi 
 fyi 
 fyi 
 confirmed 
 fyi  steve is in portland 
 Christi  Leslie is out Thurs Friday at CLE.  I have asked Harlan to review and get back in touch with you.  Thanks    Christi L Nicolay 06/07/2001 07:41 AM 
 how about Mon 1:30    "Laura Gibson" <lgibson@ogwb.com> 06/07/2001 09:55 AM Please respond to lgibson 
 Ella has an appointment for 1 hour 1130-1230 with Loiuse (recommended by Ms Ing and who is also a good friend of Mary Baisich the women in Clear Lake I was waiting on ) 6 blocks from AOS next Wed.  I'm working on insurance coverage now.  My appointment at MD Anderson may conflict - can you make it if I can't? 
 thanks 
 By copy of this email, I am asking Mary Cook to send to you a draft of the latest form of MNA.  This MNA , I believe, is still a work in progress and is intended to include  only  Master Agreements for which we are comfortable that the underlying transactions are commodities subject to the special bankruptcy code protections.  Hope it helps.    Paul_Puchot@enron.net 06/07/2001 11:28 AM 
 My group calendar is Power Group 
 NICE! EAT WELL! SLEEP SOUND!  ps be aware of hidden hotel costs for internet  - christian in san antonio worked on the internet  for several hours only to be billed $3000 for long distance telephone time.    Grant Cox <gacox@mail.gsi-net.com> 06/11/2001 10:44 AM 
 Tennis plan looks great.  Total time 1 hour 35 minutes.  No problem.  I played  last night with Grant and 2 other guys (only the second time I've ever played doubles with Grant) - my forehand/backhand down the line won some respect (thanks to our practice sessions no doubt) but my net game continues to be wobbly, shaky, timid, erratic , random.... in a word, pitiful.  So here is to continued improvement - See you at 1130 on Thursday, court 1.  Also Genia sent you by email our EEI cover sheet last week but she just left me a message saying you may no have rec'd it.  Did you get it?  If not I'll resend.  Just let me know. Thanks 
 Leslie  Do you have a hard copy I could take w me tomorrow to DC (valuable plane time work) Thanks 
 Unbelievable!  Thanks 
 While I'm still making plans, go ahead and reserve room for August 9, 10, 11.  thanks 
 done  ... and not just that; I'm cruising the internet, investigating the Broadmoor's "professional" tennis camp for the weekend of August 10, 11, 12 and booking rooms.  I asked for 4.  How's your game?  In the meanwhile I've been trying to call you but I can't get through to Portland.  Is it raining there?  Give me a call.    Christian Yoder/ENRON@enronXgate 06/11/2001 04:10 PM 
 Mark and Jeff  Here is information I rec'd regarding the upcoming EEI meeting on Friday May 7th.  Elizabeth 36349 
 Hi Karen  Going to the legal conference.  Lucky me. I get to go only for Wed. night and 2 hours on Thurs. then get to fly to DC for meetings w MH and others regarding contract standardization.  Your analysis is historically correct but recently we have changed our policy. The new policy is meeting w limited sucess.  Let me know if you need any thing else.  eas 
 I  believe this contract has been executed - Kenton was the lawyer working w Paul P.  Let me know if you need us to track it down.  Give me a call anytime to discuss the industry in genreal  eas 36349 
 Sheila  I may have mispoke - I thought you were talking about the power contracts.  I don't think the current gas form permits assignements in connection w financings, but I could be wrong. let me know what else I can do. 
 not a thing yet 
 Genia  Kenton worked on this contracr - do you think you can find this.  Thanks Elizabeth 
 Melanie  In general, Enron would prefer all matters with respect to power go to arbitration for all issues.  When we first started trading power we limited arbitration because we were uncertain where/how the market was going. Accordingly, we limited arbitration to financial matters only.  I only raised the issue last week because the scope of arbitration came up in another case and we were uncertain whether an issue of proper termination would be subject to the arbitration provision or not.  In conclusion, based on today's policies (arbitrate everything), I would not think that there would be any reason for us to be concerned with preserving  an argument of limited applicability of the arbitration language found in the PCA Master.  I briefly reviewed your draft answer and will fax the comments to you shortly.  Thanks Elizabeth 
 Elizabeth asked that I request a copy of the above document at your earliest convenience.  She will be leaving the office around 11:00 am this morning to go out of town and would like to have the agreement to review.  Please let me know if I can be of assistance in any way (ext. 3-5438).  Thanks. 
 fyi thanks eas 
 fyi thanks eas 
 Sorry for the late RSVP, but I will be attending the drafting meetings on Tues. Thanks Elizabeth Sager Enron 713 853-6349 
 sorry to say but  I haven't heard a thing 
 large thanks esager 
 I wll be attending the meeting. Thanks Elizabeth Sager Enron 
 Jeff FYI 
 Thanks Anything fine but if individual orders are being followed, a large salad with vinaigrette dressing and some maque chou (sp?). 
 John I'm not sure what their issue is but the CFTC issue related to thier interest in being able to terminate their purchase obligations for a price.  This is the type of provision we can't have in the contract because of CFTC concerns.  Let  me know whats next. 
 John I'm not in on Friday so is there another day?  Also without wantingto be too bold, I will say that we have been down this path before and we just can't have a preestablished termination right (unless it is a Default) with financial payment. 
 brenda please print these thanks 
 Robin  Thanks for your voicemail - here is the final ERCOT Agreement. I'm still thinking of responding w more legal comments but at this point I think the door is pretty much shut. 
 FYI Stand ready, stand firm. 
 Sorry for the delay in responding.  I am having my assistant Brenda Whitehead fax to Paul asap a copy of the presentation - if you need something else just let Brenda or me know. 
 Sure.  By copy of this letter, I am asking brenda to forward it to you. Thanks Brenda. 
 brenda please add to chart thanks 
 per our discussion yesterday 
 Here are my comments What do you think eas 
 Here it is (copy machine on the blink) 
 I would be very interested in working w Patty on going line by line through the draft Master. Thanks Elizabeth Sager EPMI esager2@ect.enron.com 
 Kevin I thought the letter was great. No comments. 
 As always, thanks. 
 here is a draft.  let me know what you think.  I know i don't hvave the name of the third plant correct but ... 
 Hi Sorry for the delay.  I have a meeting scheduled w Exxon for next Thurs. at 1000.  Do you want us to tie you in? Elizabeth 36349 
 John Dennis and I spoke last week but I had to canacel the Thurs meeting due to an unexpected out of town trip.  Dennis is to call me to reschedule.  Sorry for the delay and I'll let you know what comes about.  Elizabeth 
 Shari  Can you follow up and see what they want us to do on this ( I know its AEP but since its west, I thought you could do it most easily ... let me know if I'm wrong) 
 As promised, here is a copy of what we filed -sorry for the delay - lots of travel recently. A question for you on the meetings on the 28th and 29th - I am assuming the meetings will be in DC. Is this correct? Thanks and I hope all is well. Elizabeth 
 "A long time to wait" - thats what Ella says all the time, only she's usually wrong and you are definitely right.  In the process of becoming dedicated to nothing but dispute resolution it appears I've lost my civility  .... imaging that  ..... becoming just like so many trial lawyers.  How about Monday the 12th?  Sager 
 Hi Geoff Sorry for the long delay - Things have been unbelievably hectic.  This week in looking better. Do you have any time this week to get together. How about Tuesday? Let me know what works. Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 Here is a draft of where we are thinking of going with WSPP Firm.  Give me a call to discuss.  Thanks.  Elizabeth 713 853 6349. 
 Attached is a first draft.  It is likely heavy handed but we can chop down from here (don't want to scare NERC away but need to set the record straight). 
 Hi Geoff Give me a call at 713 853-6349 when you get a chance.  I'v beend trying to call you today but the number just keeps on ringing. Hope all is well. Talk to you soon. Thanks Elizabeth 
 Brenda Will you please print these out for me.  Thanks 
 Please print 
 Mark  FYI regarding Jim's new role. Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
 FYI Have a great day eas 
 Privileged and Confidential.  Attoney Client Work Product.  Attached is a draft letter for your consideration.  Our outside counsel believes a letter like this would help us in our position that we do not have to continue buying energy when there is no transfer capability at the SDP because we know TVA will reject it.  Sending this letter is not critical to the sucess of our position but would bolster it somewhat.  Before deceiding to sent or not, I wanted your thoughts on how you think that giving this information to TVA would impact us, particularly given TVA's actions today, re acces to transmission through third party transactions.  Lets discuss this afternoon.  Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
 Hi Dennis called me to attempt to reschedule.  Conflicts in schedules led him to leave me a vm saying he will call me when he gaets back in the office next week.  I'll keep you posted. 
 Thanks for your email.  I'll be out of the office for the rest of the week so when you find an answer, just let Bonnie (37422) White know.  Thanks. Elizabeth 
 FYI - I'm out of the office the rest of this week, in on Monday and then out all the following week.  My assistant Brenda knows where I am.  If you need to reach me either leave me a vm and I'll return the call (I would love nothing more than to be execused from the painful standardized contract meetings I will be attending) or else call me on the cell phone 713 854 5747.  Bob Madden is the outside lawyer on the TVA MOPA and control area and you can call him at 713 650 8805 if you need to.  He is currently working on the declaratory judgement petition and is aware of the possible timeframe. Have a great week. Sager 
 Please print thanks 
 Last week, the WSPP drafing group met in sunny California  to continue the slow and steady march towards a standardized, "national" agreement. Schedule C , the service schedule for firm transactions, was the primary topic and the following is a summary of where the group is headed.  After much discussion, we proposed  that the group consider the definition of firm energy  that Tim, Christian and others have been considering.  The following is proposed language (the base was EPMI's version) that the WSPP group is currently reviewing:  Firm Power is power that is sold and scheduled in accordance with applicable reserve requirements for which the only excuse for the failure to deliver or recieve are those set forth in Schedule 3.9 of the WSPP Agreement.  Seller shall take steps necessary for the power to be considered Firm Power under this definition.  Schedule 3.9 only allows interruption if (i) within agreed recall time, (ii) due to an Uncontrollable Force or (iii) power is need for native load; provided, however it was agreed that a party would neverless be liable for LDs if it interrupts due to native load requirements (this last point is a major accomplishment that apppears to have uniform agreement and will be implemented in the next draft - the group claimed that the "optics" are necessary to help traditional utilities).  As a further note, the group agreed to do away with all references to C1 and  C2 and have just one Schedule.  Changes from EPMI's proposed definition where  the result of the following discussions:  1.  Generated vs. Sold - "Sold" was elected over "generated" because the group thinks that it is the receiving control area that determines the generator's reserve requirements.  2. "Schedule"  was added to bolster the scheduling requirements.  3.  "Reserves" instead of "Operating Reserves" was used because the group thought the word operating may be too restrictive.  4.  "WSCC reserve requirements" was replaced with "applicable" reserve requirements because the group thinks that the WSPP Agreement is national in scope and should not be limited to WSPP.  5.  References to Non-firm supply as being excluded from Firm Power was excluded because the group thought it was redundent  - no control area would accept a non-firm supply as being firm.  6.  Power rather than energy is being used only bacause that is the decision that has already been made.  This defintion will be further discussed at  the next meeting on Aug 20th in Denver.  Prior to that time, I would like to get your thoughts on how this is shaping up and what additions/deletions are appropriate.  I look forward to hearing your thoughts.  Thanks. Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 Hi  I really enjoyed playing yesterday -thanks.  Can you hit on Wed. afternoon or Thursday lunch or afternoon?  Talk to you soon 
 I'm available all day on the 23rd and 24th.  The week before I am here all week other than the 20th (Friday).  Thanks eas 
 I will be out of the office until Monday, August 16th.  If you need assistance, feel free to contact either David (39239), Jeff (36911), Leslie (36121), or  Christian (5034647845).  If you need to reach me I can be tracked down at 970 923 6279.  Thanks and have a great week.  Sager 
 Please print 
 please print 
 Mark  Attached is the preliminary outline of a conference EEI is considering holding on November 17, 1999 to introduce the form of standardized power contract developed through EEI.  You will note that EEI listed you as a potential speaker.  EEI has also called me to discuss my role in this presentation but I wanted to get your thoughts first.  Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
 please print 
 I will be attending Firday's meeting.  Complete information for me is as follows:  Elizabeth Sager 1400 Smith Street Houston Texes 77007  713 853 6349 Phone 713 646 3490 Fax  esager2@ect.enron.com   (EMAIL)  Thanks Elizabeth 
 please print 
 please print 
 Hi Sheryl  Hope all is well - we missed Eleanor on Sunday.  How did your lunch go last week.  Give me a call when you get a minute.  Sager 713 853 6349 
 FYI 
 Slightly revised version. Thanks Elizabeth 
 fyi 
 Woould love to but .... presentation to FINANCE at 300.  Oh well Hope all is well. e 
 Do you think anybody in your group would be interested? Sager 
 Mark Lets talk about his when you get a chance.  The Power Trading Group wants to send this out Monday(20) or Tuesday (21) and Christi has asked me for comments. Thanks Elizabeth 
 materials for DC meeting 
 Genia  Can you get with Ed Hearn on this and start the process rolling - I think he was the one that set up Enron SE - if not give me a call.  Thanks Elizabeth 
 Never mind.  Thanks though. 
 Elizabeth Sager and Lou Stoler from Enron  will attend the meeting on Friday. Thanks 
 John  Your interpretation is correct based on my understanding.  You may want to call Dennis to just check in.  Dennis did say that he would include Enron in any bid packages prepared. 
 Met at 430 - Yes. Court . Under the Cox name. Vacation - still thinking. See ya 
 FYI - Brochure for EEI meeting in November. 
 Here is the draft.  As always, thanks for your help. Elizabeth 
 Hi Christian  Thanks for the email and voicemail - look forward to seeing you in Oct.  This EEI contract is a still a progress in work.  Last week's meeting resulted in still more changes. New draft is being prepared and will be distributed later this week.  Contract "rollout" is in Nov.  Its raining here. First time in over two months.  I think I'll leave today in celebration.  Sager 
 I have scheduled a meeting for October 7th from 8:30 to 2:30 in room 3321 to recommence the project we began in January to review the existing Houston-based financial, gas and power trading forms.  All of you should have received a black binder labelled "Analysis of ECT's Finacial, Power, Gas Forms"  which contains all of the long and short forms used for trading (as such forms existed in January 1999), as well as my summary comparison as to how each of the forms handles certain legal issues (eg, termination, cover, assignement, confidentiality ....).  If you did not receive or cannot locate this binder, let me know and I will forward to you another copy.  This analysis was done in January.   I am aware that some of the forms may have changed since then but have not undertaken to "update" the memo as we will be able to discuss such changes at the meeting.  The purpose of the meeting is to review how each of the Houston-based trading  forms has been structured and to note where there are differences. The ultimate goal is to determine what Enron's "model" trading provisions should be and to determine a consistent approach unless there is a justified rational for treating the commodities in a different manner.  With this in mind, I would hope to be able to create a "modular type" contract  whereby each legal issue would have a recommended approach, evidenced by language that will be approved by the group.  By way of example, Enron's gas contract prohibits assignement without consent, which consent can be withheld for any reason.  The financial form provides that a party can not unreasonably withhold its consent.  At this meeting we would discuss what the preferred approach is and then begin the process of drafting appropriate language, which language would be approved at a seperate meeting.  This  "modular assignment section" could then be dropped into all trading forms unless differences were required due to the commodity/product involved.  You will note that the analysis performed to date does not include all areas of a trading contract.  Similiar steps will still need to be undertaken with other provisions such as credit terms.  At the meeting, I hope to further discuss the additional areas everybody believes should be reviewed.  Aron Roffwarg, a lawyer  from Bracewell, will also be at the meeting to assist us in this effort.  Thanks 
 call in number is 888 237 7001, access code 501 104 talk to you later 
 Hi John - You are in good company - I never call or write those I care about; only my "enemies" get to hear or see me.  And if that doesn't tell you how I spend my time, nothing will.  Now that summer is almost upon us (its only 92 degrees in Houston), I hope for more.  Give me a call and lets try to catch up this week.  Hope all is well for you.  Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 Hi Smith  If a six week delay in responding doesn't merit a big I'm sorry I don't know what does.  My sincere apologizes in not responding sooner.  We have been looking for a power trading lawyer for about a year.  In March Mark H. decided that since we couldn't find one outside that he would bring in people internally.  Accordingly, back in April we had 3 internal lawyers move into the group.  As a result of this shift,  we are not currently looking for additional lawyers for power trading, but if things change I'll let you know.  Just FYI, there may be openings in other areas (finance, asset  development).  If you are interested, let me know and I'll call you back.  Also, I know that power trading lawyers in general are in hot demand ...  other organizations may be hiring.  I will be up in Portland, next week.  Maybe we can talk then  Again, my apologizes on the long delay. 
 SCEM - Sonnet Edmund's can be your first stop.  She has a new person who you will likely work with but I forget his name. 
 This is likely the last opportunity we will have for comments, so if anybody has any additional comments, please let me know no later than the end of the day on Wed, Oct 13th, and I will forward all comments to Caroline on Thursday.  Thanks for everybody's assistance on this effort.  Elizabeth 
 I'm only available from 2 -245 on thursday the 21st.(sorry for the trouble but my daughter has a doctors appointment on thurs and I'm not in on Friday) Thanks Elizabeth 
 I will be able to attend by phone (subject to kid noise in the bakground however).  Please leave me a voice mail at 36349 to let me know phone in details.  Thanks Elizabeth 
 It would be my pleasure to have you on the call. I asked Caroline if we could do it at 300 houston time.  Hope that works. Elizabeth 
 Christian Can you review this and let me know if you are ok w this for online trading. thanks e 
 Sorry for the delay  Handicap - a very poor player  Food - Water, Heinikin and turkey sandwich w cheese  Thanks Elizabeth 
 I'm out thurs and friday this week.  In next week, though.  Let me know what might work say next tues/wed thanks 
 1000 is fine w me elizabeth 
 Attached is draft.  Want to review with Bob before we send out.  Thanks e 
 Brenda wuld you please fill this out and send to Zal. 
 Attached is the latest EEI contract for your review.  If you have any changes you think should be incorporated, please let me know before the the 16th of November.  As you all are aware, I have been working with EEI to come up with the definition of an "Into" product.  I circulated a draft definition at the last EEI meeting.  There will be a conference call on Tuesday Nov.9th from 230 to 430 to further discuss with EEI members.  Let me know if you would like to participate.  In the meanwhile if you have any comments on the draft Into definition I circulated, please get me our comments as soon as possible.  I will be meeting with the traders later today to discuss with them.  Thanks for everbody's help on this project.  The end may be near. 
 Please print thanks 
 Please see this attached bio: 
 Final version for your files of the ERCOT Trading Agreement. 
 Marty Despite best eforts, I have not been ableto revie the definition yet and likely won't before Tuesday when I'm in DC.  I'll let you know when finished.  Thanks Elizabeth 
 More on the subject, which I haven't reviewed - let me know what you think. Comes from a guy who is very nice and attentive at Citizens but ...  Happy Days Off 
 Article as per my voice mail. Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
 FYI 
 Hi Melanie  I received your draft answer and am still trying to verify numbers.  When do we need to file?  Thanks   Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 per my vm es 
 hi 
 Thank you 
 Christi  Here is a brief summary of the TVA/EPMI lawsuit - Let me know if you would like more information  (Note - the MOPA has been filed under seal in order to protect confidentiality  - The judge was sensitive about this given the potential right of a party to get the MOPA from TVA under a FOIA - Accordingly, we don't want to encourage further invetigation of the MOPA by third parties)    *EPMI filed a declaratory judgement proceeding on November 15, 1999 against TVA in the District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee.  Judge Edgar has been assigned the matter.  *The lawsuit concerns the interpretation of an option contract EPMI and TVA entered into on December 6, 1995 (Master Option Purchase Agreement (MOPA).  *The sole issue presented by the declaratory judgement is the obligations of TVA and EPMI under the MOPA in the circumstances where EPMI is unable to schedule for delivery, or deliver, energy requested by TVA under the MOPA at the Scheduled Delivery Point (SDP) if the available transfer capability at the SDP is not sufficient to allow the schedule or delivery.  EPMI believes that the MOPA unambiguously addresses the issue.  *A trial date in late June 2000 has been set.  *EPMI filed a Motion for Summary Judgement on November 18, 1999. 
 As you are aware, the legal group has been considering EPMI's options given TVA's failure during the summer of 99 to treat Enron's control areas in a manner similiar to other control areas.  One option we have considered is the possibility of claiming monetary damages against TVA  for TVA's breach of NERC policies.  In order to make such a statement, we would, in essence, be required to assert that the NERC policies are a "contract" which all NERC members are obligated to abide by and for which the failure to do so could result in monetary damages.  One concern with this strategy is whether EPMI and/or its affiliates could possibly be damaged in other, unrelated  proceedings if it was determined that NERC policies were indeed "contractual obligations" (e.g., a third party claims monetary damages against EPMI for an alleged violation of NERC "contractual policies").  It would be very helpful if you would consider this issue and get back to me with any thoughts or comments you have.  Thanks for your help.  Elizabeth 36349  CONFIDENTIAL;ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT;NOT DISCOVERABLE 
 Patty and Harlan  I received your emails.  1. I agree with Patty that I'm not sure the first section of the agenda is relevant other than in connection with the product descriptions.  2. I would like to add the Unit Contingent definition as a discussion point.  3. My apologies given, but I'm still working on the revised draft of the INTO definition.  I promise that it will be avaiable no later than early Monday. If at all possible, I will try to get it out earlier but I can't promise given current work committments.  I will let you know by Thursday afternoon if it looks like earlier is doable.  Let me know if there is anything else I can do.  Thanks  Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 Into product should be distributed to Andy and Patricia Young.  Emails in this email 
 Draft Definitions should go to all the peole on this email both as "to" and "cc". 
 Hi John  Thanks for WSJ article.  Now if only you could notify senior management over here and let them know I would forever indebted (but hopefully richer as well).  TVA has sent us a system impact study agreement that I am having faxed to you now.  We have to send out on Thursday.  Do you have time to review and we can discuss tomorrow.  Thanks 
 Here are materials I recieved from EEI in anticipation of the EEI product description meeting on Wed.   I would guess that the bulk of the meeting will be spent on the "Into" definition, which draft was prepared by David and myself, but we will also need to provide requested alterations to the other product definitions (unit firm and system firm).  If you have any questions/thoughts about the Into definiton, please call either David or me. 
 Hi Dede  Dana Davis is the trader that is coming from Enron.  Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.  Elizabeth 
 Richard Here is where Genia got on fax room search.  Lets's talk tommorrow about where to go from here. Thanks 
 As you requested, attached as "INTO4R" is a draft defintion of an INTO Product that I prepared for EEI. 
 Attached is a preliminary draft of the letter prepared by Gibbs & Bruns notifying TVA of the occurrence of a Triggering Event and EMPI's suspension of deliveries under the MOPA.  Please review and call me with any questions or comments.  We will need to carefully consider EPMI's offer to provide energy under the MOPA at market based rates.  As you are aware,  the current plan is to send TVA  notice on Jan. 4th.  The draft of the control area  petition should be ready for circulation on Tuesday, the 28th.   Once received, I will forward both the petition and a revised draft of this letter to legal, regulatory and trading for review.  CONFIDENTIAL/ATTORNEY CLIENT PRIVLEDGE 
 please print all 
 please print 
 please print both 
 Enclosed are revised documents.  Below is a summary of changes made.  Copies enclosed are clean copies.  Please carefully review all documents so that we can next move to final execution copies.  Thanks for everybody's help.  Revised Physical Confirm  Changes Made:  1)   SET-OFF Paragraph (B) - First sentence deleted and the phrase "of the Master Agreement" added after the reference to Section 4.2 2)   Definition of Business Day - changed commas to parenthesis 3)   Definition of Year added 4)   Exhibit "D" numbers added and the name of the Exhibit was changed to Option Premium 5)   The phrase "as amended" added in the first paragraph with respect to the definition of the Master Agreement 6)   Definition of Summer Season amended to delete NERC definition because NERC is already defined 7)   Exhibit "C" - (a) First sentence modified to reflect the fact that the Daily Energy Charge calculation will vary depending upon whether a given Month is in the Summer Season or the Non-Summer Season and (b) the phrase "where," or "and where," was added three times immediately prior to each set of definitions.  Revised Financial Confirm  1)   Added the words "shall be" in last paragraph of Section "Energy Quantity". 2)   Deleted proviso in Section "Cash Settlement Amount for each Energy Index Point." 3)   Added phrase in (b) of Section "Billing and Payment" to show that payments could go to Seller from Buyer and in (c) to add words "as amended". 4) Added Exhibit III/Option Premium.  Schedule to ISDA  Changes Made:  1. Added ENA as specified entity ML (Part 1 a). 2. Fixed names in Part 1 (k) from ML and Enron to Credit Support Provider. 3. Add notice for ML (Part 4/a). 4. Reference amendment to Guaranty (Part 4 (f)). 
 Enclosed are those documents I believe would be impacted if we elect to use separate Credit Support Annexes, one for the new EPMI ISDA and one for the Power Master (already in existence ("Old CSA")).  1. New Credit Support Annex - to be attached to EPMI/ML ISDA ("New CSA"). Draft enclosed, including one marked to show changes from CSA currently in place between ENA and ML.  2. Schedule to ISDA - Part 4(F) would reflect New CSA rather than Old CSA. Revised Schedule attached.  3. No Amendment to Power Agreement would be required.  (Delete document named "Power Amendment 1).      (black-line version) 
 As we discussed, enclosed are execution copies of the documents that we have been working on.  Please review, and if acceptable, have an authorized officer of ML execute each of the enclosed documents and return to my attention at fax no. 713 646 3490.  We will follow up with hard copies.  Thanks for all your help.  Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 Andy  David Portz and I will be available to attend the meeting in DC.  Look forward to seeing you then. Happy New Year Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 great 
 Hi  Give me a call about Duke's changes.  I also disagree w (ii) and really think even (i) is wrong since an Option can either be in the money or out of the money and in either case the full value should be taken and netted against other Gains and Losses.  Happy New Year e 
 On?  Name the time (400?) and the spot (Met?)  e 
 At 10:45 am today, Jan 6th, we sent a notice to TVA advising them that a Triggering Event under the MOPA had occurred.  As a result of the Triggering Event, EPMI has the right to suspend deliveries and/or to terminate the MOPA.  At this point, we have not elected to suspend deliveries or to terminate the MOPA.  Accordingly, our performance under the MOPA at this point will not be impacted and we will continue to perform under the terms of the MOPA.  The letter also sets forth a proposal to TVA pursuant to which EPMI would be willing to continue performing under the MOPA.  This proposal is conditioned on  TVA allowing EPMI to seek a judicial determination of its rights and  TVA paying market-based rates for the energy delivered by EPMI to TVA under the MOPA  pending the judicial proceedings.  If you have any questions, please call me at 36349. 
 Attached is a memo from Julia about a meeting going over some of the deals, including power deals, that were closed last year.  Background information on the deals could be helpful as several of these deals are likely to be administered by power trading.  Let LindaNoske  know if you can make it (lunch will be served) 
 ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT: NOT DISCOVERABLE  The following is the current schedule for certain actions EPMI has taken or is contemplating taking relating to TVA:  Jan 6 -  MOPA- Sent notice to TVA by fax stating that a Triggering Event occurred and asking TVA to consider our  proposal in order to continue the MOPA in  effect (to date, there has been no response from TVA)  Jan 24 - Operations - Cut transmission line for 2000 peaker  Jan 26 - MOPA - Notify TVA that EPMI is suspending deliveries under the MOPA effective Jan 27 and terminating the  MOPA by selecting an Early Termination Date ( which date may be no earlier than 10 Business Days after delivery of notice)  Feb 4 - Control Area - File complaint  relating to TVA's actions against EPMI's control areas, which lawsuit would be filed in the Eastern District of Tenn. (Judge  Edgar) as part of the already filed lawsuit on the interface issues  If you have any questions or concerns with this schedule, please notify me immediately.  Unless there are any objections, we will proceed on this basis; provided, however, if we hear from Mike Miller that the target operations date of Jan 24th can not be met, we would then propose to expedite this schedule.  If we move up any of these actions, we will notify everybody,  Elizabeth Sager 36349 
 please print all attachments (2 emails) 
 please print 
 John and Sam   It would be great if you would follow this for us.  Please forward things to me.  Just FYI, PCA has sued us in the bankruptcy, for among other things, wrongful termination.  Call with any questions.  Thanks Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 please print 
 Taffy  The only time off for me was the holiday on Jan 3.  I claimed 7 hours. Let me know if you need anything else. 
 ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT;CONFIDENTIAL  Thanks 36349 
 Thanks Bob. I would love a copy of the memo.   Elizabeth 
 As a follow-up to the earlier email, we plan to file the Calpine petition THIS FRIDAY (the 21st).  Please call me at 36349 and let me know if you have any thoughts/comments ...on the petition.  Thanks  Elizabeth 
 Greg  Original email that was sent to me, also was suppose to be sent to  you, but it went to the wrong Greg Woulfe.  So here it is.  Also, date of filing is wrong.  We want to file this Friday, the 21st.  Let me know if you have any thoughts/changes.  Thanks  Elizabeth  36349 
 FYI - This Friday  (21) not Next 
 Surpassing last year's record will be easy.  Great to see you as well and Feb 2 looks great.  Lets talk on the first.  713 853 6349 
 What time 
 ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT: NOT DISCOVERABLE  By letter dated January 24th, TVA rejected  EPMI's offer to continue performance under the MOPA at market prices.   Accordingly, we sent a letter to TVA today, January 25th, at 4:00 notifying TVA that (1) EPMI was suspending deliveries under the MOPA effective Thursday, January 27th and (2) EPMI intended to exercise its termination rights unless TVA agreed to our proposal to continue performance under the MOPA pending a judicial determination of whether a Triggering Event occurred under the MOPA.  Please call me if you have any questions.  Copies of the letter will be distributed later today.  Elizabeth Sager 36349 
 CONFIDENTIAL ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT  Here is the draft TVA petition covering all 3 issues we have with TVA that we are planning to  file tomorrow, the 27th.  Please call me no later than than 9:00 with any comments.  Thanks  Sorry for the short notice 
 Thanks for the comments Elizabeth 
 ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT: NOT DISCOVERABLE  EPMI filed an amended petition with the court in Tennessee where EPMI's current declaratory judgment action (interface issue) is pending alleging that TVA violated NERC rules as a result of TVA's actions during the summer of 99.  In order to amend the current petition to include this additional claim, EPMI needs the courts approval.  Please call me if you have any questions.  Elizabeth Sager 36349 
 ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT: NOT DISCOVERABLE  Pursuant to a letter faxed to TVA today, January 27th, we notified TVA that EPMI was terminating the MOPA effective February 11, 2000 (earliest date permitted under the MOPA).  At the same time, we filed an amended petition with the court in Tennessee where EPMI's current claim against TVA (interface issue) is pending seeking a declaratory judgment that EPMI had the right to terminate the MOPA.  In order to include this additional claim in the already filed petition, we will need the approval of the court.  Copies of the letter will be distributed later .  Elizabeth Sager 36349 
 Can you see if you cann open this for me thanks 
 lunch today great with me.  how about you.  call or write  713 853 6439  e 
 email has changed to Elizabeth.Sager@Enron.com 
 please print 
 please print 
 Hi Andy  I read through all of your Article this weekend .  What a job!  I will forward to you this afternoon or first thing tomorrow an electronic copy of my suggested changes, which also attempts to pick up those given to me by Dede.  After you receive it, I thought it might be helpful to talk over the changes so you can see where I was coming from.  Thanks Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 Janel  I'm not sure.  I thought the meeting was being set up to coordinate efforts between regulatory, legal and ENA and EES.  The meeting was requested by Christi Nicollay. 
 see this attachment: 
 lets discuss at 130 
 As promised, here is rough idea of deal.  Terms have changed since this was prepared.   I will keep you informed as the deal progresses. Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
 nothing I know of 
 fyi 
 Tuesday works great for me.  As we discussed at the last meeting in Houston, I have begun, but not yet finished, revisions to Product B.  I have several questions and will need input from others as how best to proceed on some issues.  I spoke w Harlan briefly but would appreciate further input, particularly on the "one-time, good faith effort" to find an ADI.  I will call Harlan and Marjie to further discuss.  A draft will be circulated before the Tuesday call.  Thanks Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 Today its my turn to be the goof - today I can't make it.  Sorry.  How about tomorrow Sager 
 pretty skimpy but here it is. 
 Sheila  FYI.  I will forward to you the written reviews I have done.   Thanks Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 I did say Thursday right?  Thursday noon? 
 brenda please set up in mydirectory as the next TVA letter 
 Please call me with comments concerning the following two letters: 
 Enclosed is a revised Term Sheet, one copy of which has been marked to show changes from Fred's last draft.  The Term Sheet is intended to be in no way binding;  references to  the proposal being held  "open" have been deleted.  Also, I have not attempted to include any reference to SD Warren having the right to receive the financial benefits if EPMI resells the Power not used by SD Warren to NEPOOL at a price higher than the Contract Price (CFTC concerns).  Dan - Could you please help me fix the definition of "Green Requirement".  Fred - I wanted to stick to "would" instead of "will"  as the operative verb in order to emphasize the non-binding nature of the proposal.  If you have any questions or comments, please call me.  I will not be in the office on Friday.  In my absence, please call Leslie Hansen at 36121.  Elizabeth 36349 
 Fred I don't think we have to wait, but if time permits we might as well fix. Elizabeth 
 Christi  Could you please email the TVA draft letter. Thanks If I don't talk to you before you leave, have a great trip. 
 Hi  Will you call you later to discuss 
 positively - how about early monday? take care Elizabeth 
 At the request of Christi, enclosed please find a revised draft of EPMI's response to TVA's recent  letter concerning  EPMI's transmission requests. This letter has been revised from the earlier draft to reflect comments from Kevin and me.  I will call Bill Rust and read the letter to him after all revisions have been made.  Please let me know if you have any comments.  We would like to get the letter out to TVA as soon as possible, preferably this afternoon if possible  Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
 Andy  As we discussed during  the last conference call, attached is a revised Article 8,  Credit Provisions, to the EEI Contract, along with a revised section for the Cover Page.  The changes were made to make Article 8 more user friendly and to incorporate the few comments that were agreed  to during the conference call.  I tried blacklining, but that proved not decipherable due to the extensive formatting changes.  Maybe you will have better success.  I have attempted to mark by hand the changes and will fax that to you in case you want to distribute it to the rest of the group.  The only changes that were not discussed on the call (other than those resulting from the global restructuring) that I made are as follows:  1.  Changed  the Section entitled "Performance Assurance" to "Collateral Threshold" - Use of PA seemed  misleading since PA is referenced in other sections dealing with collateral.  2. Added the words "acceptable to Party ___" in new Section 8.1(d) and 8.2(d) in order to clarify, as we did in Sections 8.1 (a) and 8.2(a)  that the security must be acceptable to the receiving party.  3. Added provisions in the Cover Sheet to provide expressly whether the options are "Applicable" or "Not Applicable".  As always thanks for your help. Elizabeth 713.853.6349 
 Thanks 
 brenda this would not print for me. would you try 
 fyi lets discuss later 
 Hi Leslie  I would love to but I'm not sure right now about my schedule. I'm moving offices and everything is a mess.   I will call you if it looks like I can get away.  If not I'll call (or please call me)  in a couple of weeks (I'm out all next week).  See you soon  Elizabeth Sager 713 853 6349 
 please call me w any final comments 36349 
 A huge debate has been ongoing in he battle whether to include language in the EEI Contract that would provide that a confirmation that contains "substantive" terms not discussed by the traders is subject to the "deemed accepted" language.  I have been very vocal against  adding this language. The politics as you can tell from this email have been fierce, and as in much of successful politics, dirty.  I'm not sure where this will end up, but feel like it is important that we all are aware of the history here as well as Enron's position (Confirmation needs to be the final, best evidence unless objected to in a timely manner). I will keep everybody posted on the results of the vote. 
 Let me know if there is anything else I can do Thanks Sager 
 Enron votes no. Thanks Elizabeth Sager 
 In what I'm sure is an oversight, EEI forgtot to send me a ballot. After appealing for my right to vote, a ballot was forthcoming.  I voted "NO" on the proposal.  We will see what happens from here. 
 tva letter w presto change (generator to generation) and fixed typo (Customerss to customers') 
 letter w presto changes and 1 typo ( see earlier email) 
 Thanks for the vm/fax.  How about trying to talk on Tuesday at 900 houston time. Elizabeth 
 this may help thanks 
 Genia would you please send master (with riders) to stuart w/ note that we are currently revising and will resend latest version when finished (2-3 weeks) thanks 
 let me know if this enough. ps we are not a member of eei for payment puposes 
 please print 
 please print 
 fred did you get what you need on this (it would be fine with me) 
 I've spoken to all. Adrianna can't make it either the 15th, 16th or 17th (trip to Destin).  Everybody is available during spring break! Hooray! How about Monday or Tuesday (that would be best for Rachelle).  Let me know what works (I think we should both go, if possible).  a Palm 
 So sad.  No questions at all on EEI?  I'm dying having to write a 2 hour presentation on this despicable contract and I know not what to do it hurts me so bad.  Oh my.  Nice day for a run, even a slow one. 
 david do you have time to review this.  I''ll give you a term sheet I recently did. thanks 
 p 
 Here is what houston thinks the deal is.   Hope it matches the West.  Any help wanted, call. Thanks. 
 Mark  This memo was sent to the Executive Committee, all ENA VPs and all ENA lawyers.  Thanks  Elizabeth 36349 
 any interest 
 only 1 day. any interest? 
 Thanks - Hope this works 
 What's the deal, Michigan vs. Duke? Cox and SagerII? If Arizona does anything in the final, SagerI has it nailed.  Arizona any good? see ya at 415 
 I've spent the past 2 hours exploring each and every post office in the armpit of southwest Houston (Enron advice) looking to simply renew my pasport only to be intimidated by the words "no less than a 4 hour wait"   (on hard floors) .  Any advice?  Your experience certainly must have been better.  Sad I am. 
 Dear Gail wants a party at a house.  If you remember we volunterred if kids came. Gail said kids or no kids, whatever we wanted. what do you think? Kids (ours plus katie and oscar and eleanor) at our house on Sat.  Punt to Ted w/no kids? 
 Don't go without me ... I can't go this week  ... or next week, other than Wed. (does that work?).  The week after that, and the week after that, and the week after that, .... look fine too. 
 Tuesday, GAD's only birthday request was for an "old-timey" chocolate cake" (the kind that's not very good but she likes anyway). Today, on reflection, she asked for oysters.  Grant's special ones. All my hard work and you get the fame. 
 another request - delegate as you feel appropriate thanks 
 I hope so. GIve me a call sometime. I could have lunch today, the 28th.  Can you? 
 I,m jealous of your beautiful dog, but do you have any pictures of family? Lunch tommorrow is out (standing in line at post office to get passport for trip to Paris).  Next week I'm mostly out (trip to NY with daughter Ella for wedding of girlfriend I've known since I was Ella's age) but call me anyway or I'll try to call you. PS As you can tell, work is a low priority right now, so .... let's go! 
 oops, a little slow 
 FYI in case you hadn't already heard 
 Hi  Gave Jackie's resume to Mark Taylor.  Did he call her yesterday?  I'm out this weekend w little "Eloise" (only the finest); let the 60's live! 
 Hi Dede  I got your email about NY seminar. Great idea but sorry we can't be of much help - I haven't touched EEI since the Houston seminar.  I know its time to start trying to use it.  Oh well, next week's project.  On a more important note, do you want to try and hit this Tuesday (the 4th) at lunch?  Let me know.  Hope you have fun on Friday night.  Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 As we discussed, attached is a draft of an agreement for Valley Energy.  This agreement assumes that Valley Energy would buy power from EPMI and resell it to the distributors who have signed an agreement with TVA.  Call me at 713 853 6349 if you have any questions or comments.  Thanks Elizabeth Sager 
 John  I got your email regarding our sale to NHEC.  I will be out of the office March 31, and April 3, 6, 7.  When you get the draft contract, please forward it ASAP to Brenda Whitehead, my assistant, and Leslie Hansen.  Depending upon the timing and the extent of the comments either me, Leslie or another lawyer will be able to help you with this.  The timing may be awkward because all Enron lawyers will in San Antonio next week, but we will work it out.  Once I see the draft, I will have a better feel for the timing.  Talk to you soon Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 Hi John  Thanks for the email re TVA.  As usual, things got behind me last week so I wasn't able to move the TVA letter forward.  I have  promised Kevin something by today - so I may be calling you this afternoon.  Hope all is well  Elizabeth 
 Hi Dede  Got your message - I would have loved to go; instead I was stuck on a roller-coaster of an airplane for over 5 hours fighting a "terrific headwind" according to the pilot.  See you at 11:00 unless I hear from you.  Elizabeth 
 As promised. Call me when you want to disucss. FYI - The letter is very "lawyerly"; I'm not sure this is the right approach though.  Let me know if you think this tone will do more harm than good.  Paragraphs for you to consider are in brackets. 
 Kevin  Richard Tabors number is 617 543 5304.  John Basinger and Barrett Reasoner with the Gibbs and Brun law firm would like to get a hold day with him ASAP.  Thanks for your help  Elizabeth 36349 
 Hi  Just FYI - A collection of racquets is more than just a luxury.  On Friday, after the matches, I was keen to assert my new found tennis prowess.   I thought I could do it too.  I was playing like a spring chicken until my first big overhead.  I set up well, ready to bounce that ball right over Grant's head.  I thought I was so cool.  Up I  went to find the ball and out came flying my  racquet.  On the other side of the net.  Cracked.  Everybody stood to stare to see if it was anger or incompetence that created such a mess.  I think I better work on that shot.  Tennis on Wed.?  Elizabeth 
 There is no guarantor for NHEC.  I have not received the form of LC.  Issuing bank is National Rural Utility Coop Finance Corp. Thanks Elizabeth 
 Sounds great.  See you on Wed. at 1230 unless I hear from you. 
 thanks 
 good for us 
 Oops forgot to respond to this request. It would be absolutely fine to use our arbitration language as an example for the Cover Sheet.  My only suggestion would be to leave blank the place for the arbitration (I've gotten untold grief for using HOUSTON).  See ya at 1230 
 Yippee 
 thanks 
 I would love them if still available 
 Robbi  Sometime on Wed, Thurs. next week would be fine to get together (I'm out early next week doing the last of the roadshows on the Edison contract - I can't wait for the process to be over - it has been going on for over a year).  Call my assiatant Brenda Whitehead at 35438 to schedule a time.  Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
