 that long??? just kidding were they still good?  not as good as right out of the oven i bet. i'm glad they were consumed.  i am doing well...market aside.....i worked out chest, tris , bis and abs this morn. i've got a new anal retentive running schedule made up...ha ha we'll see how that goes.  let me know what time i can shoot for having dinner ready.  I may swing by a store on the way home. talk to you laters, mo 
 i'm sry..hunbun 
 I exercised my options today...for various reasons.  First: stock moved around 1.3 yesterday and was up as high as 1.5 today...now on its way back down.  I exercised when it was 1.0 up....i really felt that this was more a peak for now than a trend up.  Also, the move yesterday I feel was influenced by news that we were selling our India power plant....this is the 2nd news story related to enron selling assets (Portland General) and reducing workforce (Enron Europe laying off employees).  Yesterday there was an article that was released stating that there may be some difficulty getting the India deal to go through....hence...me feeling like this thing was probably going to move back down.  Also, the employee survey results I read.....not good...enron employee "consumer" confidence is not good.  Not to mention the fact that I see many of my peers getting solicited w/ big bucks to work elsewhere and the volatile trading environment (hence $$$$$ for enron) slowly dissapating.  Lastly....I can always buy enron stock .....at these price levels...taking 3500 bucks and throwing it in the bank..is probably easy money....I can always take the money market and get back in enron....sure I am forgoing getting in at 28.5 (the strike price) but the difference between that and getting in at lets say 40....is a few thousand dollars....rather forgo that and get back in on a definite uptrend...then risk losing this easy money and have nothing to show.  OH...lastly..I am still in EOG which will move in sympathy w/ ENE if that market continues to trend up.  So there you go....the most detailed trade report i think i've ever written. Talk to you later hun L-me 
 I would wear nice slacks and a nice shirt...maybe like you would wear to a nice dinner if you didn't have to wear a jacket..that kind of thing.  I don't think a suit is necessary.  See you friday! Mo 
 suitable for customer.  i may take a nap..will be ready at 7 though. 
 Kori,  I won't be able to make it this evening.  Please tell Scott "adios and best of luck" for me. Thanks, Mo. 
 dinner at tutto bene (beef stew) blues jam at Dan Electros Blues bar.......on west 24th.  me you and suebob so far 
 Alright!  Lets start the invites... I'll invite suebob and anyone she wants to bring with...she's got a friend from outta town. May invite Keith and Tracy...he wants to check out our house/neighborhood. May even invite Dennis from cooking school and his wife since they live close by...hmmmm this could get a bit large..which is not to bad....we could set up horseshoes in the front yard...that would be fun. We'll talk more tonight and construct an email......Based on our headcount we can figure out what the best food is to fix and then possible divy up some of the bringins.  Latersky 
 Hey there,  Ironically I got the card the same day I sent the email.  Count us in for sure.  Still no date for us.  I'll give you plenty of notice. Take care and i'll talk to you again soon. Mo. 
 you could bbq a big piece of meat like you did a while back on cindy..........or we could do fajitas...robbie could make the pico 
 what do you think about having another get together at our house on saturday.....we could barbeque or come up with something else.....it's so nice outside...i think we should take advantage of the weather.  let me know. 
 Thanks.  Give me a ring when you have a chance.  I baked both the cakes last night.  Love to tell you about it. By the way...that is the best damn chocolate cake i have ever had...that was exactly what i was looking for. Talk to you later.  Mo. 713-853-1917 
 Made the ganache last night...tastes great...do you glaze it on the cake or frost the cake?  It said frosting..but to me it looked glazeable. Ran to make a cake during lunch to pick up last few things.  What do you think about baking 2 12x2 cakes in one oven at the same time...staggering the pans?  I was wondering if it wouldn't bring down the oven temp because it might interfere with the air circulation in the oven.  Oh well...not sure what I'm going to do.  My plan is to bake the cakes tonight.  Everything is already measured.  I am crossing my fingers that my oven doesn't wig out.....last night it did when i was making financiers.......my oven is very temperamental...though it has been good lately.  Talk to you soon. Mo. 
 Count me in, but the dogs will probably have issues.  Talk to you later. 
 Excellent....i will be in town that weekend.  You just name the time and place. I was definitely mint-juleped...i love that.  I think those were the last days of disco for mo. I plan to be very lame for the next few weeks..read a lot...spring cleaning, that kind of thing. So hopefully i'll hear from you soon.  Take care, Mo. 
 how bouts we eat something healthy for dinner?  i'm thinking about trying to go to the store right after work. how does a tossed salad w/ tomatoes/mozzarella and balsalm vinegar sound....and then maybe some sort of something else...sauted breast of chick??  I will be busy baking the cake.  I am just crossing my fingers that the oven doesn't wig out on me mid cake..........you might have to sedate me if that happens. We'll talk later. L-mo 
 Hey there, Remind me when your wedding date is?  John is planning a backpacking trip and is thinking about labor day weekend.  I seem to remember your date being close to that.  Let me know.  Hope all is well. Mo. 
 u r human 
 Question: For the engine cake do you use the recipe for the ganache on there or a different one? I was planning on trying their recipe. Tonight i'm going to measure out everything.  I'll keep you updated. 
 Smile often. Laugh hard. Have a great time. We'll mind the store. 
 Yes and no. I think in many ways he is very similar to us.  This is the lifestyle he has always led since college.  To settle down and lay roots somewhere is something that I know from talking with him pulls at his conscience often, that he wants at many levels....but is unfamiliar and therefore scary for him to consider doing.  Just like our desire to live that kind of lifestyle...seemingly free, having only enough money to get you to the next destination...is extinguished by our practicality about things like retirement...providing for a family...and having money to do things that require money to do like ski trips, alaska, etc.  I think this just goes to show how difficult it is to make major lifestyle changes that go against years of living and thinking differently.  Not just adapting to new creature comforts but changing one's mindset...which is scary...and difficult.  More than you bargained for in a response eh? We are leaving here at 11ish..the flight leaves at 1pm.  I'll give you a call before we board the plane. L-mo. 
 Hey there, haven't done the recipes yet. I'm actually planning on doing just the chocolate one.  I am going to do another cake that is a white chiffon cake w/ white choc buttercream frosting.  It also has the buttercream/fresh berrries/ and seedless jam in the layers.  I'll let you know how that turns out. My plan is to do the frostings/ganache on monday..and bake the cakes on tuesday...assemble wednesday.  I've been wiggin out about it because I am doing this to feed 30 people and I have not been practicing at all.......But....i slapped myself around yesterday to calm down and i'm ready for it.  I will do all the measuring on sunday too..so i think i'm giving myself enough time.  Wish me luck. By the way...I loved Make A Cake..AND they have those expensive silicone molds on sale from 67 to 40 each....i bought a financier mold.  The guy is getting rid of them because they don't sell.  You may want to pass this on to Dan. I'll let you know how it goes.  John is joking with me by asking "When are the cakes due?"....like it is homework. Talk to you soon, Mo. 
 The company name has been changed...it is now Enron Wholesale Services.....in layman's terms I work on the gas trading floor and trade financial gas for the western U.S. 
 just Associate.....at Enron Wholesale Services 
 Associate. Cake was good.  Will start prep for the shower on sunday evening after the baptism.  I am baking 2 cakes for a total of 30 people....a little stressfull, but should be fun. Talk to you later. 
 i'm out......i'm not a big fan of trucking to the woodlands...especially during the week.  thanks though. 
 I vaguely remember that.  How long ago was that?  When you were on Cheena? Or did you make it at my apt on Albans? 
 bomb 
 I'll prep it when I get home and you can blacken it when you get in. Should we serve it with wild rice or the sweet potato? 
 engineer through and through....he cracks me up 
 this is just a template....just to get started....i'm just tryin to build a good 25 base before the 18 weeks before 
 http://pollyscakes.com/tidbits.htm 
 You need to read this article...if I haven't ever forwarded it to you before. Go to www.fastcompany.com select magazine archives, then themes, then careers, then the topic "finding your calling", then select the article "Are you deciding on Purpose" Take care,Mo. 
 APB's itenerary 
 Mom, I know you are really strapped to find people to take care of granny on the weekends and i know the costs are adding up as well.  But, if you find someone who can come on saturday or sundays for the day or even for a few hours on a weekly basis i can help pay for that expense.  With the weather improving,  I think it would be good for your stress to be able to get out in the morning and go to the park and just walk the memorial loop and be oustide.  Do you think Robin could come for a few hrs on sat or sunday mornings?  We could meet at the park, David could meet us as well.  I do have a few trips planned for the near future, but I would be very happy to meet you at the park to go walking or at Hanks when I am in town.  I would not be able to cope well with the stress of my job without the outlet of going to the gym or the park to work things out..  Let me know how I can help. 
 that makes me very happy. i'll talk to you later..i'll catch dinner on my own..see you at the casa 
 http://www.kbb.com/kb/ki.dll/kw.kc.ur?kbb;850761&;r&40;Jeep;1987%20Grand%20Wagoneer&15;JE;D3& 
 http://www.wagonmaster.com/about.htm 
 www.carsurvey.org 
 Just spoke with Rebecca...the guys wife.  She says he has a grandfather clock repair tonight to do....not sure if 7 will work.  I told her we had just wanted to check it out while it was still daylight outside.  She is going to phone her hubby and get back with me.  I also gave her your name and cell phone.  She said that this truck is her husbands "baby" and it is breaking his heart to get rid.  Thats a good sign.  I'll talk to you later. 
 Hey there,  Did you call me at the Derby?  I have some vague recollection of getting a voice mail from you...however i had many many mint juleps and was very intoxicated.  I actually flew in on saturday and out sunday morning....was maybe there 16hrs tops. Anyway,  I guess you were here this weekend.  Hope everything went well.  Give me a call anytime if you'd like to talk.  I will be home solo for the next 3 weekends....great time to chit chat.  Hopefully will talk to you soon. Take care, Mo. 
 Things are fine.  I am getting thru a cold right now.....kind of on a plate= au...not better not worse...just a bad cough.  I'd like to hear more about = the stress test.  This weekend john will be going to the deer lease that he= and a friend have paid for for the upcoming season.  They need to get it p= repped I guess with feeders and what not....as well as check everything out= .  I have apts on sat and sunday at hanks.  I've recruited a friend at work= here to do the boxing workout with me on saturday.  I am planning on makin= g strawberry jam either on sat afternoon/evening or sunday.  Otherwise I wa= s just planning on reading, organizing some of my desk items, and tackling = the spare bedroom once and for all.  I am really strapped for clothes space= and the spare bedroom usually ends up a mess.  Maybe I can come by on sat = early evening and we can fix dinner.  Maybe bring over a movie?  Just shoot= me an email.  I will be in tomorrow but we usually head out of here on fri= days early...around 3 or 4. Talk to you later. Monique 
 Hey there, Sorry we missed you on Easter.  We had been doing so much driving and still had to go to my moms.  John is actually out of town this weekend.  I will be going to my mom's sat night for dinner.  Maybe there is a time i can meet up w/ you before or after?  Hope all is well. I'll be in town for the next 3 weekends as john will be doing a bit of travel.  Drop me a line if you want to do anything. Talk to ya later, Mo 
 Hey there, No apologies necessary.  Actually yesterday I was knee deep in strawberry jam.  I spent a great part of the afternoon tied up with that at home.  Made 12 jars and they go fast...I may do some more canning this weekend. Friday sounds great....just let me know what time.  Take care and talk to you soon, Mo. 
 Curves as of 5/21/2001 
 where did you get the toast? 
 hey there, wondering what you'd like to do tonight for dinner? i know you probably need to do stuff like pack for germ. i am supremely grouchy.  i will do my best to perk up for you when i get home. i forgot shoes so i will not be joining sue at hanks. my plan was to go home....start drinking...and do some desk work/sparebedroom work. just shoot me a line when you get a chance...........latersky. Mo. 
 I think i'm in for the following: stop at store on way home...pick up buttermilk get on couch for hr long nap cook dinner...bacon and eggs..biscuits and jam. we walk the dogs we share laundry i'll do dishes bath bed start the day over manana w/ a run at memorial early. Mo. 
 hey there: new deals are: -14,784 curveshift was: 51,652  positions and curves are attached.  take care of yourself.  call anytime. 
 hey there,  i will probably not have the aol on in the mornings....too distracting....but i wanted to let you know that i will continue to send you an email everyday after curves until you let me know you have closed all your positions.  give me a ring if you need anything, or shoot me an email.   i'm sure you are also talking to janie. take care, mo. 
 Thanks for the tickets.  We had a great time.  They were actually dead center of the covered area...perfect......and much better than the field considering the lightening storm and heavy downpour that lasted about an hr.   We even got sprayed by some bi-directional rain..it was wild. Anyways, thanks again. Mo. 
 hey there,  i am just anti-msgrs for a while.....just too much chit chat overload for me...not you...just everyone combined....i'm really a loner..ha ha ...anyways.....just letting you know...sure i'll log in later today.....i'll holler if i need to work anything. mo. 
 tuttobene? vincents? w/ grappa bar before? latersky 
 I'm in, and as far as i'm concerned the more laid back of a place the better....i've been to a lot of stuffy restaurants as of late...but seriously i am flexible if we go stuffy.  just let me know when and where. 
 hey there,  this just in....we may all have var limits now....lavo imposed a million dollar fine on our group bc we exceeded var...of course we just exceeded it by 130k....you can imagine our reaction and the discourse....i'll let you know what comes out of that.  so it looks like you did no trades today. your curve shift is -218. mike went out w/ fixed price phys today.  it looks like elpo has picked city gate to manipulate this month....they are lifting the fixed price like it is going out of style.  june basis at the cg ran. the juan cash today was mostly given.....i think matt was able to cover stuff pretty quickly...and with no fluff...ha ha  i guess that is about it.  aga was 118...with 110 being our expectation.  the screen fell a bit as a result  we have prebid today.  hope you feel well.  talk to ya later. attached are just the curves since your positions are unch.  later, Mo 
 I'm glad you remembered my email.  Glad to see you too.  Now that I have your email you are sure to get the invite for next years partyI actually ran into Anthony Magdaleno about 2 weeks ago.  Do you know him?  He was in the same volunteer group w/ Monica and I. I think we are going to meet up at woodrows again this friday.  I like the location....and some different faces as well as opposed to the kirby crowd. I work on the west gas trading desk here at enron....if you have friends who work in gas as well, perhaps i know them.  Of course this place is like A&M....huge.  Take care and hopefully we'll see each other out again. Say hello to Monica for me.  Maybe we can meet up sometime after work for drinks.  Monique 
 hey there, actually i forgot that fri is the first day of bid week which is a basically the 3 busiest business days of the month....when the nymex contract expires for june. anyways, it may be hard for me to commit to a time to get out of here and i think 330 might be early.  i will be in town the entire weekend and i have pretty much nothing on my plate, except make jam.  i know you are probably very busy so is there a better time for you?  we'll figure something out. mo. 
 this just made me laugh 
 Hey there, I don't have David's new email address.  I wanted to see if you all wanted to get together on the house on sunday.  We could grill something outside if you all want.  I'm not sure if David and Terry have other plans.  I would like to bring over a cake.  Let me know what works. 
 This email just came in today.  One of our brokers from New York has a brother in-law who just summited Everest yesterday at 10eastern.  There is a west gas trader that works in new york that is writing the account below.  Apparently there was a drastic change in the elements and several are already dead and there is a major rescue underway.  I haven't even found anything on this yet on the internet, though i expect there will be news shortly.  I thought you all would be moved by this account. 
 Hacky 
 hey there,  here's the stuff: new deals : 2,248 curve shift: 56,497   not much going on...we are all listening to that conference....my ears are hurting ..i think it has given me a headache. i'll talk to you manana. Mo 
 I am determined to get you to smile at least 5 times today....I think I've seen one so far. 
 just curious...are you leaving on friday or sat. 
 I can see this will be difficult.  I will also settle for 5 dirty looks or physical assaults. 
 Melba,  Mike is interested in putting out some of our west eol products on a 24 basis, similar to the nymex desk.  However, we would like more information on how this would work and  what kinds of controls are available for products to shut off automatically.  If you have time today, perhaps you could swing by our desk and give us more information.  Sometime in the afternoon would be great for us. Let me know. Thanks, Monique 
 Hey there,  I have a broker dinner on thurs.  These things can drag out...so I'm not sure I'll be able to stop by. Best of luck in school.  I enjoyed hanging out with you the short time we knew each other.  Forward me your new email address when you get one.  I'll write you if I take the plunge and reverse the long trading/short cooking spread.  Who knows. Take care,  Mo also (moshuffle@hotmail.com) 
 http://www.observer.com/pages/foodmap.asp 
 I was very worried last night.  David's note made it seem like something had happened.  I didn't know my phone was out.  I hardly use it...i'm really not a phone person.  But when I realized it was out yesterday...cingular was closed and i couldn't call.  John is getting in today.  I am doing a fun run tomorrow morning and we will be in the rest of the weekend.  I should get the phone taken care of later this afternoon.  This evening I have another broker dinner.  I will try to call before I got to that.   Talk to you later. 
 i am not part of the Associate program.  please remove me from future distr= ibutions. 
 yo-  jojo and i are going to do dinner tonight.  i think at around 7...just us.  i'm pretty sure she is going to stay at a hotel.  i will be going home directly after work.  give me a buzz later. 
 Yo! Yes, I believe your typical campells will have little mushroom pieces in it.  And kmart would be a good place to buy a pyrex dish (glass baking)....of course you could borrow any supplies from me any time.  Are you cooking up some grub for a lil lady??? I heard you all had a great time.  Saw the pic of you that john said you "woke up" for at the brewery.  Maybe we all can get together for a brew before john and i are off for alaska on sunday.  we will be gone for a week and a half.  Maybe friday after work. Let me know if you have any other cooking q's. Mo 
 Hey there, Just wanted to let you know that Jojo from nats is having a happy hr tomorrow at State Bar.  It should be a bunch of us west guys and some other hacks from the industry. She was interested in meeting you so we'll see you there if you can make it. Mo. 
 susan always sends me hers...we chat about it...thought i'd send you yours = since you are both the same sign. talk to ya later  Weekend Update: Go easy on yourself and others Friday. Set aside ti= ght schedules and worries. Take things as they come, without getting bogged= down in impossible expectations. Delays and adjustments are very likely. S= aturday is excellent for making sense out of Friday's events. Calmly piece = together fragments until they assume some sort of order. It is so important= that you consciously forgive those who have disappointed or inconvenienced= you or your loved ones. Hanging onto resentment will tear holes in your he= art. Sunday brings bliss. Doubt is replaced with a comforting sense that al= l will be fine in time. Private talks with loved ones bring healing and emo= tional intimacy. In fact, you may experience a gratifying breakthrough in o= ne of your most important relationships. Encourage your significant other t= o relax, dream, and cultivate hope. Things will evolve in wondrous ways. Gr= aciously accept the unasked for changes entering your life and let the tran= sformation begin. . . .    =09 
  Anne, Could you email tori her ytd p&l prior to today's p&L so that she can arrive at her total ytd. Thanks. 
 no problemo....i'll transfer over at the mid from yesterday.good luck thursday!! 
 I have no idea what my finish time was.  It was somewhere in the 32:00 range....is there a website that I can look this up at? Thanks. 
 Ha.  I will definitely not be on that list.  Lets just say 32:30.  I was just focused on not puking when I crossed the finish so all I could make out was a big 32 on the clock. Thanks. 
 jeese, we don't have to leave this place just bc my trading profits are in a death spiral.  i can always stay here and bake cakes at the omni till you are ready to leave.  and then of course we have to consult the dogs and see what their schedule looks like.  ugh---this day is so bad.  i feel so helpless it just sucks.   i will give you a call when i head out to the hpy hr...did you get my message about AK? talk to you later. M 
 Hey there, I am actually off to Alaska on sunday with john and am gone until the 20th...so maybe you can call me before then.  Take care, Mo 
 I leave this sunday...so i am just here for a few more days. Gone next week. You can call me after 2pm at work if you want.....713-853-1917.  Otherwise on my cell in the evenings.  I am usually in bed by 10 so I shut my phone off.  Later - mo 
 Bear Destroyed after Fatal Attack in Canada Compiled by Outside Online June 6, 2001 A black bear that attacked and killed a camper in Canada's Northwest Territories was shot yesterday by wildlife officials, according to press reports.  Coroners determined that the bear shot yesterday was the same animal that mauled 18-year-old Kyle Harry on Saturday while he was camping with friends near Yellowknife. The bear had been shot by a RCMP officer at the scene of the attack on Saturday and a necropsy uncovered bullet fragments in the bear's chest that matched the type of bullet used by the officer, a wildlife official told the London Free Press.  Harry and five other teens had camped overnight on Friday before four members of the group left early on Saturday morning, the London Free Press reports. Harry and a 14-year-old girl stayed behind and saw the bear come into their campground around noon. They pulled their food inside of their tent then later made a break for a ridge after the bear approached the tent. The girl was able to escape and get to the road where she was taken to the hospital by a passing car. Harry, caught by the bear as he ascended the ridge, was found dead by officials. A report yesterday by The Outdoor Network says the bear was feeding on Harry when officials arrived.  On Sunday police and wildlife officials launched an intensive search for the animal, employing a helicopter and infrared scanner. Another bear shot on Monday was determined not be the one responsible for the attack.  On July 2 of last year, 24-year-old Canadian biathlete Mary-Beth Miller was killed by a black bear while on a training run at the Myriam Bedard Biathlon Centre near Quebec City.       <Embedded Picture (Metafile)> 
 Hey there,  Mom, can you forward this on to David.  I am going to forward you our flight itenary from home this weekend.  We leave at 9:30am on sunday.  We are going to go into Columbus sat morning and then will stop by David's on Saturday to prep the yard and set up any necessary stuff for the dogs.  We will drop the dogs off though on Sunday morning very early.  I don't want to leave them there overnight for the first night by themselves...though usually they are fine to stay by themselves...I just want to make sure that the yard will be secure.  The company we are going with is called Alaska Discovery.  Their website is www.akdiscovery.com  .  We will be staying at their inn on the days prior and after our actual expedition.  The trip we are doing is called the Glacier Bay Expedition....trip start date being the 11th.  On the 19th we fly back to seattle and will have to stay there overnight.  Our return flight to Houston is wed the 20th at 6ish in the morning and we will both be coming into work when we get in.  We will pick up the dogs that evening.  I am going to leave David my cell phone bc the tags on the dogs have that phone number on it.  To get into the voice mail just dial the phone number  713-516-0651 ....and the password is 1743.  The dogs eat together and share 1 1/2 coffee cans full of dog food once a day.  They eat in the evening.  Pearl takes medication twice a day and one of them is supposed to be taken with food.  We usually just give her a few treats in the am with the pill.  We will leave treats along with the food.  I think that is about it.  Thanks again for taking care of the dogs.  We really appreciate it.  I will call before and after we are in the woods to check up on things and we will pick them up wednesday evening.  Talk to you later.  Mom, John and I will come by before we leave.  Probably Saturday evening. 
 Though many of you already know, today is my last day here at Enron.  I am leaving to pursue my culinary interests full time and have accepted a baking/pastry apprenticeship with the Deer Valley Resort in Park City, Utah for the winter season.  I am happy to have spent the past 3 years working with such a fun and intelligent group of people. I sincerely wish all of you the best in your future endeavors.  Please don't hesitate to look me up if you are in the Park City area, vacation planning, or considering some radical career change like this...ha.  It would be great to see old friends up there.  Forwarding info is below:  http://www.deervalley.com/winter/winterhome.asp Email: moshuffle@hotmail.com Cellular: 713-516-0651 
