ate person(s) at PGE to find out about the hiring of Richard Carroll and report back? 
 Send me both Motions for SJ. Thanks. 
 Non. 
 Please handle 
 I have attached the weekly litigation report. 
 Just testing you.      (youpassed)    "Tetrault, Charles D." <ctetrault@velaw.com> 07/31/2000 02:18 PM 
 It looks fine to me. 
 I've seen it and it still looks good to me 
 Attached is the weekly litigation report. 
 Fine. What are the court costs? 
 I have attached a memo from Don Black regarding his meeting with Duke yesterday. As you will note,this memo outlines the factual differences between the parties. The legal issue is one straight out of first year Contracts class: Was there a meeting of the minds so as to create a binding contract? When I first looked at this I was somewhat concerned. In response to an email from Duke describing a particular index pricing, Julian responded simply "I agree." But after talking to Don, Greg Whalley ,reviewing all the email correspondence, and, most importantly, listening to the trader tapes, I am convinced that Julian never agreed to the index that Duke is alleging. In other words I think we can make a good argument to get around  the damaging " I agree" email. It is clear that Duke's trader didn't, and probably still doesn't understand what index she was usingin her email. The Master Agreement provides for arbitration in Houston with three arbitrators, one of whom must have 8 years of experience in derivatives. I'll take my chances with that kind of panel. I estimate our liklihood of prevailing is in the 70-80% range. Let me know if you need anything further. 
 I am good for $25. 
 Actually if this case goes to arbitration, it will be in Houston. Know any good lawyers? 
 X-large( and getting larger by the minute) 
 LLGM    Dan Lyons 07/31/2000 04:31 PM 
 Attached is a draft letter to Mheir Abitbol at Enerstar Limited in regards to the voluntary termination notice of amended and restated consulting services agreement. 
 I am but your humble servant. Wed and Thurs are good. Check w/ Twanda--39402 
 We are mediating this case on Oct 25. As a result, all depositions have been postponed.I will let you know if this changes. 
 Lets find out who their agent for service of process is and send it to them. After that I say we drop it. 
 At this point have we dropped this claim? 
 Attached is the weekly report regarding the status of ECT Litigation. 
 Looks good . Please send asap(and take all their phone calls) 
 Yes and no. I am not listening on the calls, but either Andy or Barrett call me immediately afterwards to update me on the progress. If they leave me a voicemail, I will forward it to you. 
 Last week, I offered $10,000 to allow us to stay put. I have not heard anything back. 
 Please respond 
 Attached is the weekly report re ECT Litigation. 
 Either 
 Call him and see if we need to produce anything. 
 Are you still in charge of recruiting for the collection of assest formerly known as Enron International? 
 I sent a follow-up letter  today. 
 Looks good to me. 
 I have no changes 
 I have asked Britt to follow up on this matter. He will attempt to determine who are the targets of these letters. He is also doing some research on whether the atty violated an ethical duty by sending this letter to Rick Causey and others at Enron. 
 I will call him. 
 Our plan is to be in Ft. Worth by Fri the 11th at 5pm. I was hoping to get together w/ Rob and Amy and Scott and Elizabeth on Sat. night. What about Frior even better Sun. night    Namuathome@aol.com 07/30/2000 11:01 PM 
 Meeting. Dave Duran and Michele Cash should also be involved. 
 FYI 
 fyi 
 I confirmed that all the LPs and GPs of ECT Securities LP are Enron cos, incorperated in Delaware with offices in Houston. 
 Attached is a proposed letter to Mark Roberts regarding the dispute between Enron Power Marketing, Inc. and MidAmerican Energy Company. 
 I owe you lunch. Lets take Bruce so I don't have to pay for it. 
 Please set this up for Mon morning 
 FYI 
 I'll take any game except tonight. Let me know if i've won. 
 fyi 
 No need to call. My thoughts are: defeat his motion to stay,win our motion to stay. 
 Perfect 
 I just sent you the letter. I'll be here all day. 
 I guess we will know on Tues. 
 We are going around and around with Sitler's attorney about the appointment of arbitrators. The "contract", and I use that term loosely, between Sitler and Cgas calls for the appointment of 3 disinterested arbitrators. Sitler has appointed a friend of his who we do not believe qualifies as disinterested. The only claim Sitler should have is a request that the district court settle the dispute and order Cgas to appoint an arbitrator. I have asked Bruce Oakley at Bracewell to call Sitler's atty and fish for information. I'll let you know what Bruce finds out 
 Send them to me. I dont think you need to review them. 
 Could you get w/ Eileen and let me know 1) which case this is and 2) what is happening 
 no 
 Attached for your review is a draft letter to Georges Fernandez. 
 I registered for and attended the first day of the 3 day course on electricity that started Tuesday. Unfortunately, I was summoned back to Houston on a work related emergency. I would like to complete the class if it is offered in the spring. Is this possible? 
 This action by the U.S. Supreme Court may be very good news for the Grynberg case. 
 Your revisions look good. For the last paragraph,change this to "...Enron has not asked Enerstar to reimburse Enron's considerable expenses" 
 I'll be happy to schedule him. What do you think? 
 Done 
 Attached is the weekly ECT Litigation report. 
 I want you to know that I really keep an eye on the restricted list in hopes that NSM will not show up. I want to tell all of my family, especially my widowed mother who lives off her pension, to snatch up as many shares and bonds as they can. 
 Do you have lunch plans today? 
 Are you going to be here for Christmas? 
 Really? I'd feel like a mooch. Lets have lunch next week. Any day but Monday or Thurs. 
 Tues.is good. I'll call you. 
 Obviously, Barrett is already working on this. Please coordinate w/ him. 
 We wrote him a letter rejecting his offer of $250,000 and asked for $1 million. It might be a good idea for you to call him and feel him out. We would certainly take less than $1 million. What do you think? 
 fyi 
 Linda-- Please check with Stuart Kusin at Susman whether we agreed to return this material. Otherwise tell Kevin to archive it. 
 I just got it this afternoon. It is headed your way. 
 I must be getting stupid in my old age,but I can't understand this email at all. I'll find you tomorrow so you can translate. 
 Do you have any more news on Natolie/IBC?  I am ready to get aggressive. Also---We need to meet regarding Calpine and decide how to proceed. 
 Do we really need it translated? Is Britt getting out of these translations, or does he still have to talk to the French attorneys? 
 Linda Guinn has this information and will contact you shortly 
 I have already given Andy my input. If you have comments , please call Andy before 1:00pm today. 
 Please give Andy your comments by 1:00pm today. 
 Can you print these out in color asap? I need 2 copies. 
 He must be out of town. In my dealings w/ him he has always been responsive. He is not returning my calls either. 
 Call Steve Williams at EOG Resourses in Denver or Barry Hunsacker in Houston    Linda R Guinn 08/02/2000 09:08 AM 
 Can you handle this? 
 Please set up a conference call with Linda Green, me, and Shelia Tweed for early next week. Linda Green may not know about why we are calling--- we have a potential search in Portland for a Power Plant development atty. 
 Janet Moore tells me that he could go back to EI if he wanted, but he doesn't want to travel. Should we at least talk to him? Mark--- have you found out anything about his reputation 
 FYI 
 Lets  them pay by December 31 
 Can we talk about this if it is still an active "case"    Christian Yoder 
 Enron Europe has decided to pursue this claim. How involved would you like me to be? 
 Please move forward on discovery. Lets force them to the conclusion that they  really need to get rid of Enron as a Defendant 
 Lets get a petition ready .What is your guestimate on our chances of success. 
 It is probanly too late to respond-- but her goes: 1. We like AAA. I don't know how good ASP is. 2. I' d like a more neutral forum. The question to ask yourself--are we going to get "hometowned" 3. We do't usually provide for "loser pays" on attorneys fees 
 Lunch w/ you---yes. Presentation----not only no but hell no.    Britt Davis@ENRON 08/03/2000 02:25 PM 
 I thought these were taken care of long ago. I think they relate to Neal's work for EES on the chilled water project for Enron Field. Let me know. 
 Did you talk to her today? what do I need to do to follow up? 
 I have attached two drafts of the response to the California Power Exchange's November 11, 1999. The shorter response is the letter I recommend we send. The longer version has a little more substance.  Please give me your input by 5:00 p.m. Thursday. 
 I have attached a copy of the letter Greg Whalley sent to George Sladoje. 
 Looks good. Why does Jim McCartney think so? 
 When do you want to pay this? 
 No,just send the letter. 
 I am available at 2pm 
 I have not heard anything about it since I spoke with you last month. My guess is Mark is not focused on this search. Don't do anything. I will keep you posted    "Elaine Makris" <makris@emrecruiting.com> 08/01/2000 04:29 PM Please respond to makris 
 I have asked Twanda to set up a conference call. 
 I have asked Twanda to set up a call to discuss. 
 $575k 
 Yes. We have approx. $110 k sitting with our attorneys in London and we have a claim under our charterers insurance policy----which we are pursuing aggressively. You  may be able to reserve some amount for this potential recovery. 
 Here is a draft of the letter to Fort James.  Please let me know what you think. 
 Richard Sanders 713 668 1935(home) 713 410 6128(mobile) 713 301 9133(wife's mobile) 
 Put my name in the pool. 
 This letter could have negative ramifications. However, we should send it if El Paso mismeasured the gas. What happened to the conference call?    Britt Davis@ENRON 07/31/2000 05:13 PM 
 Please pull a report detailing all incoming faxes received by fax machine number 713/646-3483, located between EB 3115 and 3114B from September 1 through present.  WE NEED THIS REPORT IMMEDIATELY.  Time is of the essence. Should you have any questions, please call  me at 35587 or my legal specialist, Linda Guinn, at 36104.  Richard Sanders RC 0630 Co. 413 
 Have you requested my upgrade? 
 This request is related to a lawsuit worth hundreds of millions of dollars. Is there any way to get this done by Monday? 
 Thanks 
 Please take the precautions you believe are appropriate. 
 The meeting with Jim Derrick regarding the T.V.A. lawsuit is scheduled for 10:00 a.m. for Wednesday, December 22nd, in Conference Room 50m. 
 Paul- please find out  what you can from the DOJ. Thanks. 
 I have a Norelco razor. Would that help? 
 I am forwarding a draft of the Amended Complaint in the TVA lawsuit. The "control area" causes of action have added to our existing request for declaratory relief on the "delivery point" issue. We would like to file this next week, so please review this asap. My assistant is putting together a conference call for Tues afternoon to discuss. 
 I will    Dan Lyons 07/31/2000 04:35 PM 
 Please send me his resume 
 Attached is the weekly litigation status report. 
 Attached for your review is a draft letter to David Jermain re Cal PX. 
 Attached is a revised letter in the above referenced matter. 
 Is this call going to happen? I am available.- 
 Who are the new firms and what do you know about them? 
 I am fine w/ the bill. 
 Does this name sound familiar? 
 Good job on your conversation. Unless Max wants to pay some nominal amount of money to simply get rid of them, I would advise that we do nothing. We could write a letter confirming the substance of your conversation and warn them not to slander Enron,but I think that might be overkill. 
 I forwarded this to Derrick and Haedicke. Why dont you send one out to every other GC. Thx. 
 The interest rate is fine. We do not  agree to "loser pays" attys fees. The arbitrator has discretion under AAA rules to award attys fees, so we usually leave it open. I would not agree to pay attys fees if someone goes to court for some relief outside the arbitration. Please let me know if you have any questions 
 The phone call to Intermesa and Votorantim should emphasize the following points:  1. The transaction was never consumated.  We have consistently stated that we do not consider the transaction a   "done deal" until final documents are executed.  2. We are no longer willing to consider the proposed transaction.  The reason is simple:  the market has moved and they failed to act quickly.  3. All markets,pet coke markets in particular, are time sensitive.  Because Votorantim has delayed in the execution of final   documents, it accepted the risk that, over time, market prices would change and Enron would no longer be willing to sign a deal.  4. Again, we never had a final, enforceable deal. Their only claim is that we misrepresented to them our willingness to do the deal and therefor they didn't pursue negotiations with a third party. Our response is: we never made any misrepresetation and it is not reasonable to  rely on our negotiations as a basis to forego discussions with third parties when Enron never sent them a binding offer. 
 fyi 
 I would like to cancel,as long as my RC is not charged. Unless I hear otherwise, I will asume this is ok. 
 yes, I will attend. 
 Attached is the letter to TVA. 
 Can you get w/ Staci and take care of this request? 
 I am sorry that it took so long to get back to you.  My paralegal, Linda Guinn, is the best person to answer these issues. Her ext is 36104. By the way, we are not revising our policies.    Richard B Sanders 07/07/2000 11:41 AM 
 The requirement that all three arbitrators have 10 years of experience in unrealistic. We will be hard pressed to find one. Most arbitrators are lawyers. With respect to the second change, it is not a change we should make. This changes the arbitration from a party designate arbitration where one of the arbitrators is our advocate, to a totally nuetral panel. 
 I think we have compiled all the information you requested. Sorry for the delay. Please call Linda Guinn at  ext.36104 
 FYI 
 FYI 
 FYI 
 I just wanted to remind everyone involved with the TVA litigation (and potential litigation) to be mindful of the possibility that some of our internal communications in the next several weeks may be the subject of TVA discovery requests in the coming months. Please do not generate any notes or e-mails without talking to me first. When scheduling meetings regarding strategy, please include an attorney so that we can protect the communications through the attorney-client privilege. If you have any questions about this procedure, do not hesitate to call me at ext. 35587 
 I have attached a copy of the draft response to John Pope's December 13th letter to Dick Ingersoll.  Please call me with your comments.  We need to send this letter by Friday. 
 After reviewing the petition, I think this belongs to EES. 
 I'm ok 
 The plans are up in the air. The first weekend that we are all free is the weekend of Feb 26.(if you can't make it that weekend, let me know.) If all three of us come, there is probably 4-6 hours of work. I would propose that we bring Ben,James and Ryan only. I will arrive Fri night and leave Sun morning. Let me know what you think. 
 I can't tell what changes he made. Can you? 
 Both Sheila Tweed and I have concluded that Kristopher Wahlers is not a good fit for our position. Do you have any other prospects? 
 Attached is a new draft of the letter to John Pope with all comments received.  Dick Ingersoll will send this out to TVA tomorrow.  If you have any other additions, please get them to me today. 
 Britt was going to check with all the Enron GC's. I assume he got no response. 
 Your observations on how to fix the problem are right on the money. The other thing we should have done is confirm that the broker confirm links the two transactions as well. 
 Have you received all the information you need? 
 Send it to everyone you believe should get it. Unless I hear otherwise from you, I will assume you are going to send the letter with attachments today 
 I have pushed this meeting until Feb. We need to meet w/:Mcconville(2 hours after Barth),Barth( first meeting in the morning), and Travis.Please set up asap. 
 Please try to track this down. 
 Bonnie White is handling Dodson case and will respond    Lisa Mellencamp 08/07/2000 09:27 AM 
 fyi 
 I am assuming this meeting is canceled. 
 Bill is a great guy but I have no interest in a presentation. 
 Sorry,but we have no interest. 
 ENA is prepared to file a lawsuit against Calpine Corp. relating to a trading dispute.   Please let me know by the end of today if you have any objections to the lawsuit or know of any potential counterclaims. 
 Attached is the weekly report regarding ECT Litigation. 
 I have no changes to the description 
 What time is the party? 
 Whalley's asst tells me the meeting at the Px is at 9 am. I have left Greg a voicemail indicating that the three of us should talk today about strategy. 
 I have a schedule for Ms. Scott.  April 14, 2000  9:00-9:30 Lance Schuler 9:30-10:00 Sheila Tweed 10:00-10:45 Mark Haedicke 10:50-11:10 Richard Sanders 11:10-11:30 Lisa Mellencamp 11:30-12:00 Julia Murray  Please call me to confirm that this date is still available.  Thanks Twanda 713-853-9402 
 yes    Britt Davis@ENRON 08/07/2000 06:33 PM 
 Yes to arbitration. No to waiver of jury trials,unless the counterparty is in the Rio Grande Valley or some other bad venue. 
 I f you haven't already done so, please review the attachments. Don't provide any feedback in writing or e-mails,simply talk to them on an unrecorded line. 
 We need to meet with, in this order, Brian Barth,Travis McCoullough,Kevin McConville and John Hopley. Lisa Mellencamp may also want to attend the meetings with the attorneys from Millbank. 
 Does anyone know this guy and should we interview him? 
 fyi 
 Let me know what you think--obviously we need to decide quickly. 
 fyi 
 Please drop me a voicemail or an e -mail when you have the time. I am out of town starting today. Also-- I circulated the resumes of the two Canadian attys you sent to me last week. If you have any more comments about them,leave that in the voicemail and I will forward it to Shelia and Julia.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Canada Corp. 
 What is the last day for Deen to ask for a jury?    "Bill W. Ogden" <bogden@ogwb.com> 08/08/2000 10:43 AM Please respond to bogden 
 What is the status of my upgrade request that was made 5 weeks ago? 
 I have attached a redraft of the Settlement Agreement with Teldata.  Please let me know if you have any changes. 
 Thanks for yor message. On another front, I will be in London next week and I would like to meet with the attorneys who will be pursuing the Pacific Valour claim. Did we ever decide on counsel? 
 I dont care 
 I have asked Bruce Oakley for a status report. I'll let you know when I hear from Bruce. 
 I am in London this week and will be meeting with David Best on Thurs to discuss. Thanks for your inquiry. I'll let you know after the meeting. 
 Actually, my instructions from Nowlan are to pursue our claim against MTM. I am in London this week and I will try to meet with our London counsel to start the process. 
 By copy of this e-mail, I have asked Linda Guinn to pull the Tapes before they are deleted. Can you work with Linda and Ed to pinpoint the tapes we need to pull. Linda's direct no. is 713-853-6104. 
 Please send me a copy of the e-mail along with Kevin's response. 
 yes    Andrew Kelemen 08/09/2000 09:33 AM 
 Bruce Oakley has informed me that we will be filing a motion to compel arbitration, which should stay Sitler's ability to take any depositions. Either Bruce or I will let you know if it looks like the depositions will proceed.    Patrick Johnson  01/26/2000 11:27 AM 
 In theory, there may be some jurisdictions that do not allow tapes to be admissable because of issues other than relevance--such as authenticity. It is hard to know the Evidence Rules of every jurisdiction. I would suggest the following language:  The parties to this Agreement agree that any such recording are admissable in any legal proceeding for any matters relevant to the Agreement, except for those recordings that violate the Parole Evidence Rule of the applicable jurisdiction. 
 Is this case still active? If so,what is the status? 
 Please print out this memo with attachments and place it in the Calpine lawsuit file 
 As you know, several weeks ago we retained an attorney out of Wahington DC to assist us with the EPA permitting issues. The need for counsel was put on hold when we decided to move the plant. Is ther anything more we need to do to follow up on this matter? 
 Did we ever hear anything more from Mark Woolfolk? He was the attorney from Akin Gump in Houston who interviewed last month. All of the comments I recieved were very positive. The last I heard, you were talking to him about salary, but you were concerned that he was too far above our compensation level. Please let me know what I should do to follow up. 
 Attached is a letter re the above referenced. 
 Actually, when I say "retained " counsel, I mean we identified the best lawyer available and asked him to clear any conflicts. We don't need to do anything else. 
 Actually, I have a memo that will be finalized today. 
 I have attached final drafts of the Bonneville and Enestar response letters. Please review and revise the Bonneville letter and send it out. Let me know if you have any comments to the Enestar letter and I will send. 
 The check made it to us this time. My paralegal,Linda Guinn, is tracking down where it went. I am certain the $ was deposited. 
 Looks good. Please send. 
 Please send the Agency letter to Louise Kitchen and Mark Taylor asking for comments. Also-- change the reference to "earlier this week" to last week. Get the address from Mark before you send.   On the Hopley memo: 1. Add John Enerson to the list of recipients 2. Place the subsection titled "Suits against...." with the same offset 3. In the 5th line of the first paragraph w/o a heading change "that" to "than" 4. The first sentence of the Noram description is off center---specifically"its" 5. Take out the blank in the Noram description 6. Judge Kent not Judge Ken 7.Take out Midwest Gas Storage heading   Make these changes and send 
 I am in London this week. Can you take a look at this and let me know what it is and what we should do. Thanks 
 I am in London this week for a series of meetings and an appeal to the House of Lords of the lawsuit that I was over here for in July(we won $130 USD) What a dreary place in the winter. I dont have much to report. I have been traveling a bunch--- in the last 10 days, I have been to Portland, Calgary, LA, St. Louis, and now London. Julie has held her tongue because of her impending 8 weeks in Austin this summer. The kids are great. Lots of sibling rivalries going  I have been biking with Garribaldi and Worscheh in preparation for our participation in the Houston to Austin bike tour. Garribaldi has a new job with a couple of big projects in the pipeline. Worscheh finally got his financing on his project so he is pretty chipper these days. They are pregnant again and out of space in their house. Missy Medary is running for District Court Judge in Corpus Christi. She is running as a Republican in a Democratic stronghold and her last name is not Perez or Medarcia so her chances are slim. She is hoping for a George W. Bush coattail effect. Tom was not all that keen on the idea the last time I talked to him. Don't quote me on this but I think he is worried that she is a status seeker and that she will have way too much of what she wants if she is elected( Judges tend to have a lot of people kissing their ass) Rob and Amy are just holding on with their 4 kids. I think Rob's job is going well: they made one large aquisition at the bottom of the market and commodity prices have doubled. I haven't seen anyone else,although I did talk to John Scott the other day. He works for a firm in Dallas that does alot of Enron's work. I laughed at him when he told me he is trying to get his kids into Country Day. He was always calling it Country Gay. Tell Kinga I said hi if you are still...er...dating? 
 PLEASE SIGN MY NAME AND SEND 
 I  will be happy to do it this way. By the way, if you are sending a copy to Bill McCartney at V&E, you should know that I am also sending him a copy.    Stephanie Harris @ ENRON 
 fyi 
 This rider looks good.    Greg Johnston 08/10/2000 04:57 PM 
 I have no comments on the two letters. 
 Thanks 
 Bob Williams has informed me that Christopher Carr represented the GOM against Enron. 
 fyi 
 Thanks again for the hospitality shown last week. I wanted to let you know that Fiona was especially helpful. 
 Cos 18 and 51 are the only ones I am familiar with and they cannot be dissolved. I am not familiar with the other cos, but I have asked Linda Guinn to confirm that there are no cases pending against them. 
 I just left you a voice-mail stating that I am available this morningor(even better) Monday morning. 
 Actually, I said I did not think we should pursue it, but that I wanted Harry to check w/ the client/trader to see how strongly they feel about letting it go. We have a lot of dog cases out there that someone feels strongly about. Any word Harry?    Britt Davis@ENRON 08/10/2000 09:21 AM 
 If you do not hear from Mike ASAP, track him down or leave me a message and I will. You have access to my schedule so you can coordinate with Ogden.(just let me know before you give the final say so) 
 If you want to speak with Harry, please coordinate through Linda Guinn 853-6104 
 fyi 
 per my voicemail 
 Attached is a draft letter to George Wurtz regarding the above-referenced. 
 I am clear Wed and Thurs afternoon 
 I will be on vacation. 
 .After some period of orientation and adjustment(6 months?) all attorneys: senior counsel, assistant general counsel, and vice-president are expected to be independant. We don't have the time or the inclination to hold hands. There is no "standard" promotion track. If a senior counsel is successful, a promotion to asst. gen. counsel  will happen in1-3 years A promotion to VP is the closest thing we have to "making Partner" and generally takes 2-5 years. There is not that much compensation difference between a SC and a AGC. 
 The posting of this bond should eliminate the need to pay on the Enron Corp guarranty. Please refer all future correspondence regarding this matter to Bonnie White 
 In addition to the documents we have sent to Roland Tellis, we have identified the following documents to be located:  1. Credit's files - Contact: Jim Easter or Dave Gordi 2. RAC File - Contact:  Rick Carson 3. The final legal risk memo by Travis McCullough 4. C