alk to you l8er love ya byebye.............  <3  Kara 
 We need to keep our communications open to the plant.  I know that during their test mode they have had a variance in load projections. Hopefully when they become operational their loads will be more steady. Ken, Sorry about yesterday.  Thanks to your quick responce to our gas control so we could correct the problem before the plant went down. If you have any more questions please call.  Thanks DS  713-853-4299 
 Citizens Griffith Az. I/C (Mainline Takeoff)(GRIF)  The lo pressure alarm on the analog page for the downstream pressure going to the Griffith plant from TW's mainline has been reset at 800#. The lo lo pressure alarm is set at 750#. Reason:  This should give you time to react to possible low pressure concerns in the 3 to 4 miles of pipe from mainline to Griffith plant and hopefully prevent any plant upsets.  This is for our protection.  You may need to raise the setpoint. For call outs for alarms TW operations is responsible.  If anyone does not agree with this please let me know and we can discuss.  Griffith Power Plt. El Paso and TW (CITZ)  We monitor these two sites as EMAR for Citizens.  Remember anytime you receive alarms on these points you refer to the call out list for Citizens.  If you have questions please refer to the handout you received or call me. The plant is currently down and planning on coming on line and commercial Tuesday September 11. There are still some questions on which is the better way to set the site for flows.  Let me know what you think of setting TW on pressure control and El Paso on flow control. Reason:  TW pressure is higher and with El Paso on flow control this will allow TW to take the swing when Griffith has orders from both pipelines.  Let me know of your experience with this and let's discuss and write up some guidelines for us to follow.  Thanks DS 
 FYI  DS 
 FYI We had to pull unit 2 from Plant held for future use at P-3 on the below date.  DS 
 Lindy, You are correct they are physical plant receipt points. The Pecos Diamond plant is the straddle plant located on the Atoka Lateral.  Thanks DS 
 Please read I'm sure you will be getting some calls.  DS 
 fyi  ds 
 i will be there  ds 
 What is the time frame these units need to be down.  There are no postings for volume deductions.  Please someone give me some ideas.  Thanks Ds 
 Ken,  We currently have a unit down at Station 4.  If you need to work on something now is the time to do it and not wait until June.  DS 
 I need to get with Dave Duff and have him add the new point to the map.  Dave can you do this for us. This new point will need to be inserted under the Mapco point on the Ignacio to Blanco column.  DS 
  Check with the plant.  ds 
 I will be on vacation.  DS 
 We need know everyday units need to be taken down and for how long.  Depending on system conditions we may have to allocate.  DS 
 How long will the unit be down 4 hrs,  8hrs, 12hrs, or all day or longer.  DS 
 Spoke to Lynn Blair, Kim Watson, Cynthia Rivers, Linda Ward, and Terry Kowalke, we would like to hold the same scheduled numbers on ID/2 from San Juan Lateral as we had scheduled for ID/1 from San Juan Lateral. We think this will help us minimize our Operator and Shipper imbalances. Please let us know if we start getting complaints from our customers. If anyone has other ideas or comments please let us know.  Example:  Non-Grid--    San Juan Scheduled      870,000 ID/1                                                                875,000 ID/2                                                                875,000 (we will have to do the right mouse click and update the capacity to the flow rate needed.) 
 I'm sorry tomorrow afternoon is not available for me.  I have a ortho. appt. and I get my braces off. On Thursday afternoon I have to back for my retainers. Can we meet sometime in the morning.  DS 
 This is a new interconnect into the suction side of WT-1.  I think the capacity is going to be approximately 50,000 mmbtu.  This may be able to flow sometime this or next.  DS 
 I would like to attend.  DS 
 For Gas Day June 10. Flow                         Nom. 17.200                      19,998 
 Due to the flooding in Houston there will be no representative available to attend from Gas Control.  DS 
 These are pictures of the underground tunnel system.  ds 
 Dave can you please add the new La Plata Red Cedar point to the map. Please add it between Mapco and Red Cedar points. Also please check to see if the Rio Puerco receipt and delivery are added into the totals of the Central Area.  If they are in the total please exclude them. Rio Puerco is a stand alone point.  Rio Puerco should still be added into the total Transport Receipt and Delivery. If you have questions please call.  Thanks Ds 
 I spoke to the guys in the field last week when our deliveries went up and we made the decision to run the pigs.  It was passed on to us that the fluids in the line were heavies that were in the gas streams possibly coming from the Bitter Lakes and Red Bluff points.  I had them pull moisture readings and they were well below TW's  #7 of water.  They said it was more like drip.  This heavies are in the gas stream that is falling out and collecting in the pipe.  I agree that we need to run pigs when we have the volumes. We in gas control will continue to work with the field to make that happen. If I have the wrong impression on what is happening I apologize.  Please let me know.  Thanks DS 
 Gary=20 Gary Spaggins and I have a presentation that we have to give to Stan.  We c= annot attend, Steve January is on vac. There is no one else from our group. 
  Beginning today June 14, 2001  We need to operate the Interconnect points between Transwestern and Northern just like we do all others.  We have orders everyday and we need to balance unless both pipes have agreed to work on the imbalances. When Transwestern or Northern get into operational constraints we need to work with all the Interconnect customers.  If customers are not in the position to help and we have to go out of balance on Transwestern or Northern for operational constraints, please leave myself, Gary or Steve and E:mail or telephone message of all volumes, and why's.  We will need to be able to address them in the morning meeting.  If you have any questions please feel free to ask.  DS 
 Right now I can plan on being there.  ds 
 We need to be able to monitor everything there is to see just as we would monitor a TW on NNG interconnect. Along with the below mentioned items from Ben, we also need  All Accums, (previous and current mmbtu and mmcf), All Flows both MMbtu and MMcf. on all runs, 2" rotary, 4" turbine meter, 10" ultra-sonic. All available History info..  This information request is for monitoring TW and El Paso at the Griffith Site. Gary, Steve, Dale please review and if you think we need anything else, now is the time to speak up.  We need as much information as possible to insure a smooth transition for gas control.  From what TW is hearing we could take over the operation sometime next week. Dale once we have the additional requests, will you foward them to Ben or would you like me to.  I will be glad to help.  DS 
   Thanks DS 
 Gary Spraggins, Steve January or myself will not be able to participate on the call.  We have a presentation to give to Stan Horton from 9:00 to 11:00.  DS and GS 
 I can be available at 2:00 pm.  Let me know.  DS 
 right now I will be available and very glad to help.  Just give me a call when you are ready and I can meet you in the lobby on 42.  Thanks DS  ext. 34299 
 I will be there.  DS 
 1.  On your first request for down time next week.  You may have an opportunity this weekend 23, or 24 depending on the volumes. We can communicate this to your Team Friday afternoon.  We can not committ to next week at this time. 2.  Your best opportunity to pull your ESD is going to be on a weekend or weekday when or flows are down to the border. We can check every day and let you know when this may be possible.  At this time we cannot committ to your outage requests.  Thanks DS We will stay in touch. 
 It looks like we are over delivering 2000 to 3000 mmbtu/d at PG&E Topock everyday.  I will have the Field go out and take a look at the measurement.  We need to set the point approximately 5000 short every day until further notice.  I will visit with PG&E and let them know what we are doing.    DS 
 Talked with PG&E today and they would like to flow rate today and we can talk to them each day.  Our imbalance is 85,000 mmbtu they owe TW.  I will visit with Mike O'Donnell about our imbalance.  For now use the scada point for daily flow rates and not the spread sheet.  DS 
 It really doesn't matter if we have sold firm or not March is still available for maintenance, as we would do it through april, may or june. To answer your firm question.  Jan. 02 1091, Feb. 1071. Mar. 1071, Apr. 1057, May 1057.  This is what I see right now you know how things change.  DS 
 Can you explain why we over delivered to NNG on total order.  Order: 35.397 to NNG  Flow: 57.753 to NNG  Please let us know.  Thanks DS 
 Disregard the below message.  Sorry about that. I've got egg on my face.  TW did not over deliver to NNG.  The previous day accums for Estes did not role in scada until a little after 10:00 am.  I did call Dale to ask if that should take that long to role over. We are just trying to keep a close eye on imbalances.  DS 
 This will have to wait until March timeframe.  They need to do better planning.   DS 
 Thanks  DS 
 This is special from Christine .  ds 
 Below is a perliminary report that Citizens sent and their recommendation.  Please note Rob's message. Gary will you and Tiny review the report and next week we can set a conference call to discuss what we think that can be done if we choose to regulate our pressure to the Citizens site.  The call will include all the above personnel.  After we have our call I would like to call Citizens and let them know if there is anything TW can or is willing to do, or is it a Citizens design problem. I will let everyone know the dial in number on Monday.  I will be on vacation tomorrow.  Thanks DS 
  We need to watch this real close.  We are scheduled for a conference call with Griffith and Citizens and El Paso. They want to discuss operational scenarios.  Jesse I will let you know when and where so you can listen and add your view points from a gas control perspective.  Thanks DS 
 This is an email sent to me after my conversation with Rob last week.  I don't know where he is leading with this.  However will every one please read the below and Jerry in my absense please work with everyone to try and come up with a solution that TW is willing to live with as we go forward as TW and EMAR (operators for Citizens). Sorry I won't be able to any help this week as I will be traveling to New Mexico for my Mom's funeral.  I will try and stay in the loop as best I can.  Thanks for everyone's help in resolving this issue.  DS 
 I don't know if you got the address to send flowers our cards.  1305 West Jackson Lovington, New Mexico, 88260  Thanks for your thoughts and prayers.  DS 
 Thanks  ds 
 It worked.  Thanks ds -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 This is the outage for redrock tie-ins and volumes.  ds 
 As of the 6th TW and NNG are balanced, I agree with Gary we need to stay balanced.  ds 
 This is the most current.  ds 
 The gas temp that gas control see's leaving Roswell (station 9) is running between 85 to 95 degrees.  Please if I'm looking at this wrong please correct me.  Thanks DS 
  Would this be something we would consider or do we need to suggest TW host in Houston.  ds 
 you are correct however there are no nominations.  ds 
 Yes I can.  Let me know when this is finalized.  ds 
 looks good to me.  My portion.  ds 
 We currently have an accumulated imbalance due TW from PNM of approximately 375,000 mmbtu.  We do not need to let this keep growing.  Talked with Chuck Thompson (PNM) and we both have agreed that TW is not to over deliver to PNM until we can verify the measurements.  We need to keep the total order in balance. We will work on this next week.  Thanks Ds 
 I don't think that decision has been made.  I think we should be allocating.  This should be discussed today at the TW afternoon marketing meeting.  ds 
 As of the Jan. 11 Amy got them to take their schedule down from .444 to .088 and TW is now receiving make up.  We will continue to watch this point.  ds 
 I called Steve Richards at the station and this unit is in plant held for future use.  I told him to get started. This is for unit 602 down from 1/16 to 5/31.  We will still have two units available.  ds 
 next week will be fine.  Let me know.  DS 
 Per Robert Baker:  The TW Valero Pecos I/C unavailable until further notice.  Will keep you updated.  Thanks DS 
 Yes we do and I will make copies.  ds 
 Works for me.  ds 
 I would like to know where and how this is going to affect us and all the parameters.  Kim I know Mansoor is working on the project and I will get with him.  I would like to be included in the discussions from the beginning on new I/C ideas and locations.  DS 
 January 2002		Scheduled  Friday 19 West			 (869) San Juan	              845 East			 (506)  Saturday 20 West			 (873) San Juan		  852 East			 (486)  Sunday 21 West		              (889) San Juan	               871 East			  (485)  Monday 22 West			  (890) San Juan		   870 East			  (519)  Notes:  Nice quiet weekend 
 Thanks  ds 
 Melissa left a message that the volumes should start flowing to make the imbalance for the month.  They cannot split stream flows.  ds 
 As of Sunday, January 20, 2002 Griffith Power plant located off of TW's mainline was declared operational for Commercial Usage to the Power Grid market.  Gas Control Issues: Nominations: Their could be nominations every day for flow from El Paso and TW depending on the price and transportation agreements between Duke and PPL. You will see a total nom for the TW side in your daily orders and the El Paso order will have to come from the TW logistics Team.  Flows: We may have to batch the El Paso volumes depending on the nominations.  We will watch the noms this week to get a feel of where and how much they may vary. As agents for Citizens under the EMAR umbrella, We will need to get with the El Paso controller and let them know that your going to open their side to be Primary and start taking flow from them to accumulate the order.(If this looks like it is going to be small volumes we may need to batch the gas and work with El Paso Controllers.) Currently at the Griffith Power Plant TW and El Paso screens the primary control set point is 1 (TW primary) When you need to flow from El Paso you will need to switch the service to 2 (El Paso primary), and flow the gas until accumed and switch back to 1 (TW primary). If anyone has a question on this please call me and we can walk through it.  Again as EMAR we are to make the changes at the Site from Gas Control. The only time we should get the Citizens people involved with the I/C is if we have a problem with Primary switches or pressure problems.  Please refer to the call out sheet on the Console for Citizens.  Please don't hesitate to call if you need help.  Thanks DS 
 I will be out Thursday afternoon.  How about Friday sometime.  ds 
 I can make that.  ds 
 That is fine with me.  Just let me know.  ds 
 500168 is a Bi-directional point and physically can flow both ways.  One Oak built a new delivery point with the capacity of 200,000 and the other point that was a delivery only is still active.  The two I/C's go into different pressures into their system but physically located in the same yard.  TW, along with Marketing (Kevin Hyatt) asked to keep the same POI and asked to set this point up as a summation meter to make it easier for the customers to nom on both pipes.  Karen was involved in this point. 56943 is only a delivery only and is good for only displacement. 1635 is no longer a bi-directional point according to Will Fernandes on the Monahans team it is a delivery to NNG only.  He will send an e:mail. The Burlington Jackrabbit I/C in San Juan:  That was Burlington's Plant and I/C.  They were the only shippers able to use that point.  They are not using that point and they will get back with me and let us know if they want us to keep the point in active status. If any other questions please call  DS 
 56943 TW-NNG Ward-- We need to leave as Bi-directional.  Will Fernandes called back and said they were mistaken and there are still one 8" orfice run dedicated to flow gas back to TW.  They apologize for the confussion. Burlington Jackrabbit-- Olivia with Burlington called and the point does no longer exist on their side and will not ever be using it. Does this mean we can inactivate it on TW?  ds 
  I appologize for some confusion.  56943 Valero Ward -- is only a delivery and we do displacements. 1635 TW-NNG Ward -- is a Bi-directional point. Jackrabbit we can inactivate.  Thanks DS 
 HL with Conoco let us know that the Zia plant will be down for maintenance Monday 28th for approximately 10 days.  They plan to route some of the gas to the Maljamar plant.  I told them they would have to stay within TW tarrif specs of 7# of water. They will watch it.  DS 
 What seems to be the problem with start up.  When you do will you be in more test phases or commercial.  DS 
 please see attached outages for march and april.  ds 
 Terry Youngren (Artesia Team) called to let us know that PNM will have their Loco Hills (Thompson) Tap out of service for approximately 3 weeks.  They have to get parts.  DS 
 E:mail example:   darrell.schoolcraft@enron.com  Jeff Cochran Steve Coash Rodney Barnes Jesse Alvarado Jeff Moore Roy Armitage Margaret Hall Richard Barry Keith Braswell Helen Cummings Rob Munson Ed Welsh Rory Calhoun Ron Spain Gayle Henley Bart Monden Crandal Hardy Alan Muntz Larry Davis Steve January Darrell Schoolcraft Gary Spraggins  As we go thru our reorganization this list may have to be changed.  Thanks DS 
 They had a 35,000 order and Kieth put the setpoint in at the mainline.  They sent a schedule for what they intended to pull hourly and he didn't look at it.  I got with him yesterday and explained how the spread sheet works they send us and how to figure the hourly takes for a 24 hr period.  Guess I should'nt assume they know to do that.  I will take the to do to get with each gas controller again and explain how Griffith works both at the power plant controls and the mainline.  DS 
  Sounds like to me they will still be swinging and still in the test mode.  TW will work with Griffith as we can.  DS 
 See the attached  ds 
 Your the best....  Thanks Ds 
  I had Maria send this to me.  I think we can utilize this attachment.  ds 
 What do you think about posting this attachment to the TW web site.  ds 
  Thought you might like this.  ds 
 Thought you might like the attachment.  ds 
 Sounds like you will still be in your test mode and need to swing.  TW will work with you as well as our system will allow.  DS 
 These are just estimates.  ds 
 Please see the attached.  If you have any questions please call.  ds 
 Just let gas control know what units you are going to have unavailable.  You can proceed with the project.  ds 
 FYI 
  I do not.  ds 
 Great job.....  Thanks 
 I can be available as well at 9 this morning.  ds 
 We will need to watch pressures very close and manage horsepower so we do not exceed the 939#.  We need to set alarm limits. Will keep you updated.  DS 
    Subject:	Tribute to Victims & Family  Make sure your sound is up.  http://www.angelfire.com/fl4/IceWalker/ATributetotheVictimsandFamily.html 
 Thanks  ds 
 Will keep you updated.  ds 
  fyi  ds 
 Someone needs to call Jerry Graves or myself to schedule a pig run.  We will need to have some coordination to flow gas from the P-3 side of the Canadian station to ensure you enough gas to run the pig to feldman. With max flows from the P-2 area they can run a pig from P-2 to P-3 anytime.  It just needs to be coordinated with the teams and gas control. Mickey, hope this answers you questions.  If not call me.  Let us know.  ds   713-853-4299 
 fyi 
 This will be fine.  ds 
 We are currently pumping north at P-3 to Mid-continent I/C's and Canadian. How are you going to get enough gas to run the pig back to P-3.  We only have 29,000 flowing at NNG Beaver today.  If you have any ideas let us know.  ds 
 Chuck Thompson is with PNM.  ds 
 We need to get together on the digs between 4 and 5.  we will have to isolate the main and loop.  We will need to curtail gas from SJ.  I will look at the posting I had previously.  ds 
  Is it Marketings plan to offer this as a Primary Firm point or an Alternate.  ds 
 I second Jerry's statement below.  ds 
 I talked to Delma with Amoco about the fuel and she is going to get with her people and call us back.  ds 
 I will be on vacation tuesday, March 12  returning on wednesday.  ds 
 We can check with Williams but can't promise anything.  ds 
 yes  ds 
 It will be fine.  ds 
 I think these will be just fine.  Ds -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Talk to tk but I think these will be fine.  Ds -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I guess this is ok if you are. Is this a standard language. If R.  Hannigrif is fine with it, then I will be good. I will be in the office tomorrow.  See you then Ds -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Hey tk how are you doing. We are having fun. I plan to be in the office Tomorrow.  We need to Come home Lynda is About to break me.  Money wise that is.  See you later.  Ds and ls   -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 no,  we are back to normal.  ds 
 It will be sometime on Tuesday.  Just call.  ds 
 Please leave the set point at 30,000 until further notice.  ds 
 We are allocating approximately 90,000 to 100,000 mmbtu/d from San Juan.  After the conference call today, I will revise the posting.  ds 
 Please see the attached. 
  fyi  ds 
 Please include John on your distribution list.  ds 
 Thanks  ds 
 Please see the attached.   ds 
 Please set him up to get the TW critical notices.  ds 
 There are 3 sheets tabs are at the bottom.  Cal., WestTexas, sheet 3.  ds 
 laura and amy and i told him he could have 5000.  ds 
 Jerry and I will work with the Field teams and Tiny to see if late April might be an option.  ds 
  This is when the E:mail was set and the set point was put out of the way.  ds 
 I don't know that for a fact.  I assumed since they do the same thing for the lamar power plant they should know to do the same for Griffith and Calpine, that is why we send those daily schedules.  DS 
 I will be in a meeting with BP Amoco from 12 to 2.  Can we do this at 2 pm.  Thanks DS 
 I will be attending.  DS 
 That will be fine.  DS 
  Check with Griffith this morning.  DS 
 I will do that.  Thanks DS 
 This is fyi.  We need to be more careful on this point and refer to the schedule they send us.  Please if you have any questions call.  DS 
 I will be attending.  DS 
 Gas controllers on duty were Gayle Henley and Bart Mondon.  They both did a great job.  Thanks DS 
 Gas Day September 23, 2001 Gallup Compressor Station will be doing run testing.  Capacity for San Juan will stay at 800,000 mmbtu/d.  Gas Day September 24, 2001 Gallup Compressor Station at full load.  Capacity for San Juan will increase to 850,000 mmbtu/d. and Mainline Thoreau West System will increase from 1010,000 to 1090,000 mmbtu/d.  Posted to the Transwestern Web Site to the customers Sunday Morning September 23, 2001 
 FYI ds 
  This is the tournament that I've been asked to play in.  I will be out of t= he office.  DS 
 I will be there.  DS 
 Please read all the below comments. You may get the call.  If you need all the units to run tell them to run all the units.  Let me know by voice mail or e:mail if this happens.  Thanks DS 
 Just in case you receive a call from either JB or David.  They were called yesterday and I spoke with Neal and let them know they were going short again after we cleaned up their current imbalance over last weekend and Monday. They were short for Wednesday's gas day.  My conversation was with Neal that they make adjustments to their nominated volumes or turn on more gas.  It does not appear they did either one.  I will call them this morning and let them know that they have until ID-1 to turn on more gas or cut their noms or TW will be cutting their market for ID-1.  Maybe this is a good opportunity to discuss park and ride again.  TW covered 7,000 mmbtu/d of Markets according to the scada numbers that we see.  Let me know if you agree.  Thanks Ds 
  This will be for approximately 8 hrs.  ds 
  Jeff will be calling you before they do anything.  ds 
 Mike can you and Danny get with either Gary or myself to get access to change capacities for the MOPS system in NNG Contract Management System. (CAS)  We will show you where and how to do that. You will also need to post outages to the NNG Web Site.   Thanks DS 
 FYI  ds 
 Right now guys we will do our best to keep the station on line however we can't predict what flows will be.  If we don't have the volumes we can't do it. The gas prices so far for Oct. look higher going to Cal. border.  We will have to see if we have the volumes next week to run the pigs.  Sure would have been nice to have run pigs this week everyone could see that flows were up and we should have taken advantage of this.  Again, we will take a look at all scenario's next week.  Thanks DS 
   Subject:     FW: I need a favour 
 Please see the attached. 
 I'm afraid its true its true.  Thanks for the laugh!  on a more serious note fyi these meters are supposed to be tested every 5 yrs. and they have never been tested or cleaned.  That scares me a bit.  Things just might not go back to- gether like it came aprart, but we shall seeeeeeeeee.....  DS 
 I certainly agree.  This should be fine.  Let me know.  DS 
 no.  Let me try and catch up with Rich.'  DS 
 Gas Control Members.  I have not been able to verify if these gas controllers will come.  However here is the list. I will check with them as they are on and let you know.  Helen Cummings Rob Munson Jesse Alvarado Jeff Moore Gayle Henley Bart Mondon  Thanks DS   ********************************************************************* 
 The attached is the most recent list of operators and numbers. Please foward to your Team. ds 
 This is what Ken sent for gas consumption during the pressure loss. 
 I did not send one first thing this morning, however I did give the map to Michelle in the morning.  I told her I did not fax one down this morning.  Sorry Steve didn't get his copy seems I can't win either way.  He will get one from someone.  DS 
 I do thank you for everything you do for the Logistics team.  We will get you what you need in a more timely manner. Today I was running at a fast pace with TW, NNG, systems. Again thank you.  DS 
 TW  Socal Window               (Actual)      (Projected) Saturday                       688 Sunday                         709 Monday                                              728  California Del. Saturday                       947 Sunday                         960 Monday                                              964  San Juan Del. Saturday                       870 Sunday                         871 Monday                                              874  East Del. Saturday                      430 Sunday                        445 Monday                                              351  No major problems for the weekend.  NNG  Temps. Saturday                       39 Sunday                         43 Monday                                                53  System Load Saturday                     1959 Sunday                       1800 Monday                                             1675  Line Pack Saturday                     3318 Sunday                       3400 Monday                                              3400  No major problems for the weekend. 
 There is volume flowing to the plant.  The team is trying to get the Scada back in service.  Will keep you updated.  Thanks DS 
