is:  www.boat-ed.com/tx/ Ben get on it right away so that you can ride the wave runners by yourself! Its going to be fun. Congratulations on passing all of your classes.  See you in a couple of weeks!  Swig 
 Thanks! 
 How are you today? Things are OK down here! Nothing really new since last night!  NYMEX went against me big time this morning so I decided to get flat. That will mean a $1,000,000 loss today but I will still be positive for the month! Its the little things that count, right!  They continue to hate ENE! It really makes me wonder?  Be Safe! Swig 
 How are you today? The ball game last night was a disaster! We give the "Bad News Bears" a bad name. Example:  Runners on 1st and 2nd. I ask the third baseman what he will do if the ball comes to him.  He replies touch third base.  So the batter hits the ball down the third base line he runs up 5-10 feet from the third base picks up the ball and throws it to the pitcher.  I give up!  We lost 20 to 3  On a worse note.  Please don't say anything to anybody but Pat just called and said Shannon has filled for divorce. I hate to say this but he has created his own worse nightmare.  She has never earned a penny of the money she has become accustomed too, yet feels it should belong to her.  He has done nothing but foster this attitude.  Too bad its not legal to spank your spouse. I will let you know what comes of things.  Why can't everything just work out instead of all this turmoil.  I hate all of this shit!  It hurts!  Love Jim 
 thought you might enjoy this!  Love, Swig 
 I slept good also! Today is supposed to be close to 90, but then the front moves through and Thursday is supposed to be 74 I would like to do the half marathon with you but unless I have allot more free time I don not think I can get into a shape that I could run that far! I'm really fat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I'm getting pressure or inferences that if I do not drop things my bonus might not be there! Saying things like it would be a shame to have such a good year and then have it blown in the fourth quarter! They really do not know that such comments just makes me more committed and perhaps with a vengeance! It does get me down because I'm not sure mankind is worth it! If people you thought had standards, ethics and morals are now applying pressure, whets the use?  Sorry, to be complaining! Talk to you later!  Swig 
 Thanks,  Boy I'm disappointed in the questions asked by other employee's! Maybe the Employees deserve what they get?  Sounds like Parris was quick but fun. Glad it was you and not me on the plane for 17 hours.  Be good and stay safe Swig 
 Sorry about not returning your call this morning! I was trying to finish my questions for the All Employee meeting! Like it made any difference! They would not address any of my questions. What made it worst is I can not believe how STUPID the general Enron employee population is!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! In the midst of the worst company crisis ever, when they have a chance to ask important questions, they ask the stupidest most irrelevant questions in the history of mankind! I have concluded that the Employees deserve what they have gotten!!! I'm not sick just lost my faith in everyone!  Except you of course!  lets talk tonight. Jarrod has a 6:00 pm ball game, but I do not think we are going!  Thanks, for calling! Swig 
 I really wish you would not feel that way or make an apology.  I do not consider what you expressed Friday night was anything other than honesty and true emotion and I would like to feel comfortable expressing those same feelings to you!  I trust you and respect your opinion to great extent because of the above.  If I can help its yours!  Smile and take a deep breath! I believe their is a reason for everything! Let me know if their is anything you want me to express at the "All Employee Mtg"  Swig 
 Laura, Please let them know that I do not plan on attending.  Thanks 
