you.  i had emailed you after you left the message in houston and never heard another peep out of you.  hope things are going well and i'll talk to you around 3ish. 
 This is for the other Susan Scott....I sit on 32.  Thanks 
 No problem...it makes me feel important. 
 Hey girls...I hate this, but I may be out Thursday.  Please still let me know where you guys are going to be and if anything changes I'll meet you there.  Otherwise, have a great time and to both Lisa and Jen, I need to see you guys and hear all about the honeymoon and the proposal           ( both are very good things and I love good things ).  Sue 
 Hey Julie,  I just wanted to check up on you and see how the trip to New York went.  Las Vegas was way too much fun...so much so it's quite possible I did permanent damage.  I managed to stay in town this weekend though and catch up on some much needed sleep and organizing.  Hope everything's good with you and I'll talk to you soon.  Susan 
 Any chance either or both of you could get together this week for coffee, dinner, ice cream, etc.?  Also, are you all going to Deborah's wedding?  Talk to you soon, Sue 
 Adriane,  Thank you so much for helping me out Friday night.  Just one of those things....you think you're doing great and the next thing you know you feel like you've slammed into a brick wall at 100 mph.  I have now barred myself from any sort of contest with Bass (they always turn ugly) and have instituted a personal limit for myself.  Hopefully, I'll find the maturity that was missing during our gathering at Teala's and will be able to stick to the new limit.  Thanks again, Susan 
 Again...you've got the wrong Susan Scott.  You might try sscott3@enron.com.= ..that's the address I use to forward things to her and it seems to be work= ing.  Thanks 
 yeah...i should be.  talk to you then. 
 Hey Paul,  Jay's already left for the day so you'll probably have to get with him first thing tomorrow morning to get his bid.  I'll be sure to let him know about the deal if he calls to check in today or first thing tomorrow morning if I don't talk to him before then.  Thanks, Susan 
 yes 
 Hey Em,  Hope the parental visit is going well and that you haven't lost your mind yet.  I just wanted to drop you a line to share with you my latest little upset (aside from getting physically ill at Teala's Friday night...it was ugly).  Nick emailed yesterday and said he wanted to call and catch up.  When he finally did call I knew within the first minute why he felt the need to call, the engagement is OFF.  They evidently decided to postpone about two weeks ago and the final blow came Friday night.  To top everything off, he's moving back to Houston in three weeks...ughh.  Obviously, given my last conversation with him in London, I'm a little concerned.  Oh well, who wants a non-stressful existence anyway.  Ta for now, Sue 
 Finally met Ashley Mace's man Saturday...ran into them at the cd store.  He's seems nice, but not at all what I would've expected and/or pictured.  It was strange to finally have a face to put with the image I'd conjured up.  Ciao 
 I would definitely be up for tonight and a walk sounds great.  I just need to swing by the grocery store and the dry cleaners after work, so 6'ish is probably best for me.  Let me know if that works for you and also where you'd like to meet/walk.  Lisa, if there's a good place around your duplex I'd love to come see it and show you the pictures I took from your wedding...there's a great one of you and Brad dancing at the reception.  Anyway, drop me a line and we'll figure out when and where to meet.  Sue 
 Okay, so I'd really like to make a trip up there this weekend ( I haven't spent a weekend in Houston during April and can't imagine why I wouldn't just make the month a clean sweep).  Anyway, I know you're unbelievably busy right now and spending an entire weekend with me would not help you in the least...So, here's my suggestion:  I could either come up Friday night and we could do a late dinner (say 8:30-9:00 ) and then find someplace to hang out for a while or just rent a movie.  On Saturday we could get up, work out, grab something for brunch/lunch and maybe even go to Barton Springs (depending on the weather) and then I could take off and leave you the rest of Saturday and all of Sunday to work (we could even skip the Barton Springs piece).  The other option is to just shift everything a day forward...I'd come up on Saturday and leave Sunday.  Either give me a call or email me if either of these sound good to you.  I will also completely understand if you just really need to work/study this weekend.  Sue  PS - I'm dying for someone to chat with about Vegas...can't really talk to my roommate since it was work related. 
 Would love to get together again sometime, but I'll think I'll let someone else take over as far as the shot contests go...I was the champ - though ultimately of what I'm not sure.  Frightening as it is I felt fine on Saturday, however from what I've heard that wasn't exactly the case with Bass.  Thanks again, Susan  (You'll probably be receiving words of gratitude from me for a while to come) 
 Caycie,  That's great.  I look forward to the day.  By the way, are you coming in town this weekend for Deborah's wedding?  Sue 
 you're not slow at all....you just have to figure out which region they're in and ask the appropriate trader which gas daily volatility they'd like to use.  Congrats on "the move"...O'Neal told me the good news. 
 They should if they are dealing with transport, gas daily options,  etc. which are effected by the omicrons.  I would typically go to the leads of the respective regions, tell them which curves are unmapped and let them decide what omicron curve to use ( a lot of times they just asked the trader in charge of that point which curve to use).  If the leads don't know what the omicron curves are the company's in trouble! 
 Lupe,  I found a couple of checks that were for expense reimbursements.  They are past the 90 day period.  What can I do to have these checks reissued?  Thanks, Susan Scott x31455 
 This is the engineer you wanted me to give a shot...  Let's bear in mind our initial meeting was before Christmas and I've never agreed to meet him....yet he still persist. 
 I can only hope I'm not the only one he's showering with attention... 
 Hey guys,  Thought I'd drop you a line and catch up on life.  If I'm not mistaken you're actually in Australia right now doing all kinds of fun and active things, so you probably won't get this for a few days.  I can't tell you how glad I am that you've had a chance to take advantage of all the travel possibilities on that side of the world ( and not just a little jealous).  I think all of these experiences are going to leave you with some incredible memories of your time in South Korea.  As for myself, this weekend will mark only the second in the last month and a half or so that I will be spending in Houston.  I figured by now I'd be traveled out but I can't get enough.  The Caymans were incredible...we ate at great restaurants (not Bed unfortunately, but I did see it), got to go scuba diving off the east end and swam with a slew of stingrays.  Actually, I was holding onto/bonding with one of the stingrays, just floating with the current, for about 5 minutes until I had to gently shove it off and swim back into safe proximity of the boat.  It was a completely surreal experience.  Plus, the trip solidified my appreciation and fondness for the new job, and more specifically the new co-workers, which is never a bad thing.  Speaking of the new job, things are going well.  I still have a ton to learn but I have a feeling that will be the case for a long time to come.  There is just an overwhelming amount of information, not to mention strategies and nuances to learn about gas trading as a whole and in particular the western region of the US.  I've been actively trading for well over a month now and am getting to know all the players in my market as well as gaining confidence with each additional trade.  So far so good though...I'm definitely glad I made the choice to stay in Houston and take on this role.  I had a pledge sister's wedding in San Antonio a few weeks ago, which was fun, and another "sister's" wedding this weekend here in Houston.  I tell you, it's out-of-control with all of my friend's weddings & engagements.  Two weekends ago I got hit with 3, yes you heard correctly 3, new engagements of close friends.  I am very rapidly becoming out-numbered on this front.  Still, the only thing that crosses my mind each time I hear of a new one, aside from being thrilled for the happy couple of course, is that I am a ways off from such an endeavor myself.  I just have the feeling I've got a lot of changing to do in the next year or two (or more) and am not sure that what I'd want now is what I'll want then.  Okay, change of subject...getting to deep.  Two weekends ago I went with a few of the traders from the desk to Las Vegas.  We went to meet some of our power traders from Portland to discuss west energy issues and to try and squeeze in a little fun.  Fortunately or unfortunately, depending on how you look at it, I think we managed to squeeze in more than a little fun.  I think my earliest arrival back at the hotel room that weekend was around 6:30 am.  I don't know if it's the oxygen they constantly pump into the clubs and casinos or the steady flow of free drinks, but you really do lose all track of time there.  I feel certain any duration longer that a weekend would either kill me or force me to take another vacation just to recover.  I managed to walk away only $40 bucks in the hole so all in all I was feeling pretty good.  What the future holds? - I'm planning a trip to London in early June to visit Emily and then she comes back to Houston for about a month, so I'm really looking forward to that.  And, I'm still trying to figure out when I'm going to come visit you guys...I was thinking August, given your trip to Hawaii in July and my trip to London in June, so let me know your thoughts.  September is also an option if that works better for you.  I think I'll try to take 6 or 7 work days off so that we could travel while I'm over there if we wanted to and so we'd have two weekends.  Anyway, it's obviously still in the incubation phase.  Hope the trip was a rousing success and I'll talk to you soon, Sue 
 my new cell # is 713-775-6472 
 I'm sure she knows you're CC'd her on the email...she wants you to witness the flirtation.  She told me about the exchange last night and was wondering how he got your email address.  I told her I sent it to him.  She said, "I didn't think you knew his last name?"  To which I responded, "I didn't , but I called you and got it remember...I thought I told you I was emailing him to give him Emily's email address.  I'd promised him at Kenneally's that  I'd send it when I got the chance."  Lisa was none to pleased with me...she wants you to have nothing to do with him, but I told her she has to share the wealth and quite being such a boy hog.  I promised her we'd find her a new boy toy closer to home.  Speaking of which, she and Mitch had the "let's just be friends talk" last week ( which I think was the right move ).  Glad you got some good sleep last night, but we need to chat when you get the chance (and not while I'm at work), so give me a call on the cell phone sometime.  Nothing bad, just a good little story.  Sue 
 I'd love to indulge you all with a repeat performance but I fear alas my liver would go on strike, and from what I understand the liver is a fairly vital organ...my stomach already expressed it's frustration with my behavior last Friday.  Despite all of this I still look forward to engaging in engrossing AND coherent conversation with those of you who decide to show tonight.  Susan  By the way, do we have a particular time in mind? 
 I'm sure you don't want me to remind you in detail of your own birthday experience?  Europa, the shrubs across the street?...and it wasn't 2 hours, more like an hour to an hour and a half.  Besides, I think Bass spent a little more time than myself praying to the porcelain god (at least I had the good sense to just pass out when I got home). 
 oh, it's on! 
 Alright guys, you have to know we're kidding.  I don't think either of us are going to be wagging that war again any time soon.  Bass isn't even going to be there. 
 why the heck am I getting all the crap on this one....I'm not the one who came back to the table with puke on myself. 
 Hey,  Just remembered that Cory Morrow is playing at the Firehouse Friday night and Owen Temple is going to be at the Mucky Duck.  If you have any interest in doing something Friday let me know.  Maybe we could grab dinner and go see one of these guys play.  I figure you'll be shopping and jaunting around town all day Saturday with Mom, and Sunday is Mother's day...so Friday seems like the best day to get together.  Either email me when you get a chance or just give me a call sometime this week and let me know if any of this sounds good to you.  Susan 
 Sorry I didn't return your call last week.  I actually didn't check my voice mail until Friday after work and thus saw little point in calling back as you were probably in some remote area of pristine, scenic beauty by that time.  Hope the camping trip was a rousing success and allowed you to reconnect with your old friends and old self.  I am in desperate need of natural beauty and negligible pollution but have alas been trapped in Houston the past couple of weekends.  I see a road trip in the not too distant future for myself, if only to get a way for a while.  Susan 
 Okay, you asked for it....  The mind I love must have wild places, a tangled orchard where dark damsons drop in the heavy grass, an overgrown little wood, the chance of a snake or two, a pool that nobody's fathomed the depth of, and paths threaded with flowers planted by the mind. - - - Katherine Mansfield  I absolutely love this quote.  It manages to state, significantly more eloquently than myself, my own personal mantra of the last few years...I want to be pleasantly surprised.  Which is ultimately why I don't see it within my power in the near future to settle.  Maybe years down the road when desperation has set in I'll break down and throw myself at some sub-par individual, but let's hope it never gets to that point or if it does that I'm bordering on senile and just don't know any better.  Anyway, I'm so glad we got to spend so much time together at Deborah's wedding and I love hanging out with you Mom and Becka (sp?)...they crack me up.  If there's anything I can do to assist you with this wedding, let me know...even if you just need someone to run errands with or support your ideas.  I'd love to get together sometime this week for a drink, coffee, dinner, or whatever if you have any free time.  Maybe Lisa would be available as well?  Talk to you soon, Sue 
 Em,  Glad you had such a good time...sounds like Norm may have even had a little bit of fun?  Anyway, must agree on the ex-fianc? front ( I am understandably nervous about said individual's return to Houston ).  Have to agree on the German beer/food front as well.  I loved everything about that country while I was there, especially the people.  They were all so jolly and round.  Talk to you soon, Sue  Had another pledge sister's wedding this weekend, Deborah Vest, and it was beautiful of course.  Happened to run into Doug George, a.k.a Big Ken, and he said to say, "hello".  He's living in Austin these days and is planning on going to grad school in a year and a half or so (though hasn't applied yet).  He said he saw T.L. recently in Dallas and Taylor has gained about 40 lbs, gone off his rocker, and is dating a girl who used to have purple hair...all sufficiently disturbing news.  Anyway, maybe we'll be able to get in touch with Doug if we end up going to Austin while you're in town. 
 airfareplanet.com supposedly has flights around $545 at the end of the month...may be worth checking out.  I keep trying to msngr you at lisaenron and it say you're not available.  Are you not signed in or do I have the wrong address? 
 Congrats!....Lisa told me the good news last night.  Can't wait for the big= day, I know you guys will be very happy together.   =20 
 are you using AOL or MSN msngr? 
 Don't know what you think, but Duncan Sheik is playing at the Mucky Duck tomorrow night...Thurs could work for me too, we'll see. 
 What do I need to do to get the VCR fixed....I NEED to rent movies!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 No problem...I'll give you a buzz if they show up at my desk. 
 please call...will be leaving in about 15-20 mins. so disregard phone message and call around 11:40 your time. 
 I believe this was intended for the other Susan Scott...I'm with Nat Gas trading.  Thanks 
 I think it's supposed to start around 8:30 and the tickets are either $10 or $15...any interest? 
 I don't know about the seating.  Do you have NCL tonight?  I can't remember if it's Monday or Tuesday.  Anyway, if we got there early enough, say 7:30 or 8:00, I bet we could find somewhere to sit.  Is that something you'd be able to do? 
 Duncan comes on at 8:30 and the tickets are $15. 
 I had some appetizers the other day at the MFA that were provided by Aries and they were very good.  Definitely wouldn't mind trying that place. 
 Not for me.... 
 I'm probably heading out of here in a few minutes, so call me on my cell phone.  Katy said she was up for going tonight too!!!  I think she's going to come over to my apartment around 7 or so.  Talk to you soon, Sue 
 I just checked some of the air fare sights and there are flights available for around what I paid for mine....not sure what i'm going to do regarding the roomie...really will have to tell her soon.  I'll be thinking.  Let me know if you come up with anything. 
 Drop me a line and let me know when you think you'll be getting in on Friday.  Also, did you have any interest in doing something Friday or Saturday night? 
 Sorry I was in such a funk last night, I'm not really sure why but I assume it will pass soon.  Anyway, got an email from Emily this morning and she said another trip should be planned to go over in Sept/Oct when the airfares are dirt cheap.  I'm guessing I'll probably be up for going again by that time if you don't mind waiting that long.  My guess is we could get tickets for somewhere around $350 or $400.  I think I found a flight for June (probably the 5th - 12th), but I'm going to end up spending somewhere around $600.  Let me know what you think.  Sue 
 see 
 eventually...may go to the museum after work, but it closes at 7:00 so won't be back any later than 7:30 or so. 
 nothing...just want to reflect 
 British Airways...IAH to London Gatwick...coucil travel youth fare 
 As usual Alan, I am left somewhat disturbed by your words...and by the way,= do you ever return phone calls?  As for the rest of you guys, I anxiously = await our impending reunion in Cap City.  Glad to hear everyone seems to be= doing okay, with the exception of Emily who appears to be suffering from a= severe case of spring fever.  Jon Jon, went to an Astros game a couple wee= ks ago and saw your name on the scoreboard...it made me feel special.  The = trader I work with, who was there with me, is a huge baseball fan and upon = hearing I went to school with you has insisted upon checking your stats reg= ularly...seems you're not doing to shabby.  Congrats.  Life for me is prett= y good, although I'm in desperate need of a deep, drunken conversation rega= rding life and all it's complexities (I expect everyone to contribute to sa= id discussion when we convene).  I'm sure I'm not the only one, but things = just seem to be getting less certain the older I get.  Don't want to get to= heavy now...so I'll saw the really bleak stuff for Austin.  Ciao, Sue 
 Hi DeShonda,  I had emailed a week or two ago in regards to the new parking and haven't h= eard anything back yet.  Could you drop me a line at your earliest convenie= nce and let me know if it will be possible for me to obtain a space.  Thanks, Susan M. Scott X31455 
 Either option sounds good to me.  Just send an email with the time and place when you guys figure it out and I'll be there. 
 Still working on it...have to talk about the apartment and leases tonight.  Talk about bad news bears! 
 I may cruise over to this place later with my work friend Monique...would you have any interest in going?  Regardless, I'd still like to get together for dinner or a drink after work.  Drop me a line and let me know if you're still up for doing something. Sue Dan Electro's Guitar Bar The bluesy music at this six-string bar has drawn celebrities and scenesters for years.  Bar/Club Profile The Scene The bar's large courtyard, canopied entirely by trees, makes outdoor conversation pleasant even on Houston's sultry summer nights.  The Sound Patrons ("real nice folks") can settle in among the guitars with $2 draft beers and enjoy an eclectic sampling of music, from blues to alternative country, rock to folk.  Electro-fying Blues Thursday night's blues jam has been going on for more than 10 years and shows no signs of letting up, especially since it draws the likes of Greg Allman and Richard Gere. If you're really lucky, you might even catch Jim, the owner, wailing away onstage on one of his own Danelectro guitars. Melanie Haupt 
 looks like the festivities start around 9:30 or so...which is probably when I'll get there.  I will of course have the cell phone in tow if you just want to call after your dinner.  maybe tonight will actually work and we can get a much needed live music fix. 
 Well, I think I managed to adequately disturb her yesterday.  Not only did I go to the Menil collection by myself (can you imagine?)...I also went to berryhill and ate dinner solo.  When I got back to the apartment she said I should've called and she would've met me for eats.  My immediate response, "Actually, I needed some solo time."  Subject closed.  As for the lease, brought up the subject and it went pretty much no where.  Discovered we could sign a year lease and if she decides to up and go I can move into a one bedroom if I give the complex 30 days notice...which is what I'm figuring we'll end up doing.  I also told her that I got my airplane ticket through council travel on British Airways leaving the 5th and returning the 12th (via email yesterday) and she didn't mention it last night.  Who knows?  I'm not going to mention it anymore, it's up to her.  And ditto on the witty repartee. 
 Going to hear some live music tonight at Dan Electro's Blues Jam in the Heights...excited to try something different.  However, I am ditching Kates, Lis, and Laura J. so mums the word.  Just don't feel like having a dinner filled with cotton candy chat. 
 I think this was intended for the other Susan Scott.  Thanks 
 Yes...except I'm sure it will take six more months before they have all of the information changed in the system. 
 Hey there,  Just wanted to check and see what your plan is for this weekend.  Shoot me an email if you get the chance and let me know when you're going to be driving into Houston.  Talk to you soon, Sue 
 that sounds good...don't push yourself to do too much, you need to take it as easy as you can until all of your internships start this summer because you know they're going to be tiring.  plus, you'll be busy introducing me to all of the cute single guys you'll be working with...talk about exhausting!  i'll either chat with you tonight or tomorrow and we can figure out what, if anything, we want to do.  personally, just going a having a good meal coupled with good conversation sounds great to me - nothing big. 
 Perfect....Katy also just called to let me know that John Conalee is playing at the Tin Hall tomorrow night, so that of course is another option. 
 Vegas trip was pretty interesting.  Give me a call tonight if you get a chance.  Try the cell phone any time after 4:30 (Houston time) - (713) 775-6472.  If I'd spent any longer  than three days in that town I'd be dead right now.  I think the earliest I made it back to my room was around 6:45 am. 
 There's a song both you and Mary are currently playing with the following lyrics..."and now I know for the first time too, all of the ways I've been lying to you.  It's not that I don't think we can't open up in time, it's just that I'm afraid of what we'll find."  Could you enlighten me as to the artist's name?  I keep forgetting to write it down.  Thanks, Susan Scott 
 I am genuinely flattered that you are asking for my reading recommendations= (not to mention being associated in any way, shape or form with Sam - How = is Sam by the way?)  Truth be told, however, of late much of my reading mat= erial has been natural gas related and although the industry is riveting, I= 'm not sure that is exactly the kind of entertainment you had in mind.  How= ever, I did read a book a few months ago that you might find rather interes= ting.  The title is The Professor and the Madman : A Tale of Murder, Insani= ty, and the Making of the Oxford English Dictionary.  I know it may sound a= little dry at first glance, but I actually found it extremely interesting.= If you go to Amazon.com there are reviews on all of the books I've includ= ed here.  There are also a couple of other books I'm in the process of read= ing right now:  Galileo's Daughter : A Historical Memoir of Science, Faith,= and Love and Eleanor of Aquitaine : A Life.  The Galileo book is a little = slow to start, but has tons of interesting historical references, as does E= leanor of Aquitaine.  If I remember correctly, you always had a bit of a fo= ndness for history.  I also read Memoirs of a Geisha last fall and couldn't= put it down, although I have talked to others who didn't find it as enjoya= ble.  Personally, I was completely intrigued by the time period and uniquen= ess of Eastern culture, and the author was meticulous when it came to resea= rch for the book. Hope this helps you out a bit.  As for the "Peacers" comment...Definitely t= hink we are tested, but I think the tests are there to force us to recogniz= e our own strength and endurance.  Contrary to God not knowing anything abo= ut us, I'm convinced he knows everything about us and has the unique abilit= y to know when we've lost sight of our talents, character and/or zest for l= ife.  It is at these moments life seems to hand us the upsets right?  But, = in dealing with the upsets we come to a better understanding of who we are = and what we have to offer the world (or on a much smaller scale, what we ha= ve to offer the people around us for whom we care the most).  Sorry, I know= I'm getting excessively deep, but I've been doing a heck of a lot of think= ing lately - and much of it at church.=20 Disappointed you won't be able to join the gang in Austin over the fourth, = but we'll be sure to raise our glasses in a toast to you.  And, I'll keep l= ooking for you name on the Enron Field scoreboard. Later, Susan 
 was just about to write the check...i'll save it for you! 
 trying to call right now...are you surfing? 
 yo 
 Well...I would certainly be up for a little travel.  The following locations looked interesting to me.  Biarritz, Dinard, Carcassone, Perpignan, St. Etienne or Nimes in France.  Cork, Kerry, Shannon, or Knock in Ireland.  Brussels in Belgium.  Turin, Pisa, Trieste, Venice, Pescara in Italy.  And....Alghero.  However, I'm going home tonight to look in my guide book at all of these places so I'll send you another revised email tomorrow.  Get back to me when you can and let me know if you have any strong opinions one way or the other.  Obviously, I'm pretty flexible.  Sue 
 Hey Paul,  I'm so glad you emailed.  My parents were just asking me what you were up to this past Sunday...now I'll have something to report to them.  It's good to hear that things are going so well for you and I must say I'm a tad envious you're getting to do so many things you've always wanted to this summer (I'm still trying to figure out exactly what those things are).  We will most certainly have to get together next week while you're in town.  I may be going to Austin for part of the long weekend, but I doubt I'll go before Saturday so Thursday and Friday are definite possibilities.  Happy to hear about your brother and Josh's impending marriages and can't wait to find out what school will next be graced with the presence of Paul Thomas.  Talk to you soon, Susan  Work  (713) 853-1455 Home (713) 622-2788 Cell    (713) 775-6472  PS- Alan, you'll have to come out with us now....no more hiding. 
 Hey,  Good to hear from you.  Can't say I have too much scoop on Reliant.  Although, I do know a couple of people who work and have worked there and I'd be happy to put you into contact with them if you'd like.  I'd love to get together while you're in town.  Tomorrow night's probably best for me so either give me a call at work or on my cell phone when you get a chance.  Ciao, Sue  Work (713) 853-1455 Cell   (713) 775-6472 
 I've got an opinion now...I think we should fly into Brescia (Italy).  We could fly in and cab it to Brenzone.  It's on one of those amazing lakes in northern Italy (Lago di Garda).  You can go to Gardaworld.com and then just click on photo gallery and Brenzone to see what it looks like...absolutely amazing.  It would be a fantastic trip in my opinion - Lots of great wine.  Plus, you can be the exchange rate from Pounds or Dollars to Lire. 
 Give me a call whenever you get in... 
 I know, I know....she booked the flight right after we all got off the phon= e.  The final blow, her ticket was about $30 bucks less than mine (Continen= tal is evil).  Oh and by the way, I think she may be on your flight back to= H-town on the 12th...maybe you can switch your seats to be next to each ot= her!  Regardless, still think it's going to be fun and the economics defini= tely improve with more people.  She does want to visit with some of the Enr= on people so get ready for a cat fight over precious little niklaus.  I fig= ure at least one of the days she's gonna want to see work people so we'll j= ust get some market shopping in then (and don't forget we'll have to escape= to discuss my last escapade).  Anyway, like I said...still thinks it's goi= ng to be a good trip.  Let me know what you think about the Italy trip afte= r you have a chance to look...Lisa and I have both been to Salzburg, but I = don't think either of are opposed to going back.  The town is adorable and = there are scenic vistas, not to mention sausage and beer.  Ciao, Sue 
 Didn't you know....I hold the title of Ms. Cheyenne. 
 TXsscott5 
 Paul,  Got your message last night and since both nights work for Lisa and myself we figured we'd leave the decision up to the more finicky Alan.  So Alan, it's all up to you...will it be Thursday or Friday?  If you're looking for a preference from Lisa or myself I think we would both be leaning more towards Thursday.  So just shoot us all back an email and let us know when.  Can't wait to catch up with you Paul.  See ya this week, Susan 
 Paul,  I got the message you left yesterday about the 5,000 of Watkins gas from Patina.  I will be sure to pass that along to Jay et al.  Susan 
 Hope the presentation was a rousing success.  For future reference I would highly recommend calling me on my cell phone (713-775-6472) instead of the apartment phone.  Lisa ALWAYS answers that phone...in fact, she usually doesn't even give me a chance if she's there (who on earth would be calling me?).  We'll keep working on the "trip".  I'm sure something wonderful will come up and it will be a fantastic endeavor.  Sue 
 Trading'em up old chap....Jay was out Friday, yesterday and is still out today so the eastern rockies are all under my command.  It's been a bit on the chaotic side the last two days so I've really just been trying to maintain sanity.  As always, it is a pleasure to hear from you and I would love to gather sometime and flex the brain muscle on something other than bid/offer and spreads.  Ciao, Susan 
 Ok folks...Thursday it is.  My only questions are:  Do we want to do dinner? And if so, what time?  If no dinner then we can just pick someplace relatively low key to hang out and chat...Sorry Paul, no downtown clubbing for you.  Susan 
 no plans...where were you last night? 
 Try hard... 
 Haven't decided yet, although I'd like to do dinner...any suggestions? 
 thanks...if you don't mind creating the NC deal that would be great....either that or fax the details over and we'll do it here. 
 thanks...do you remember what the deal is with WR Gathering?  Are the deals with England and EJW over at the end of May? 
 that could work...they do have food and it's not horribly crowded on Thursdays. 
 Ok kids...Lisa has made the excellent suggestion of Black Lab for food and drinks tomorrow.  So how does 6:00-6:30 sound to everyone?  I think this link will take you to the appropriate map...if it doesn't work just go to Houstoncitysearch.com and look up Black Lab...it will take you to a map.  http://houston.citysearch.com/map?mode=geo&lat=297360&lon=-953912&id=9842495&fid=2  See you then, Susan 
 1. What time is it? 10:22 AM 2. Name that appears on your birth certificate? Susan Margaret Scott 3. Nicknames: Sue, Susie, Susie Q, Subaru, SueBob, the Booz (brother-in-law) 4. Parent's names: Chuck & Sally 5. Number of candles that appeared on your last cake:can't remember 6. Date that you regularly blow them out: January 31 (usually Super Bowl weekend) 7. Pets: Dog- Bailey (at my parents house) 8. Height:5'4" 9. Eye Color: blue 10. Piercing: just one in each ear... 11. Hair color: blonde 12.Tattoos: none...and there never will be any 13. How much do you love your job?  A heck of a lot more than my last one...of course, any time you go from 16-18 hour days to 8 hour days it's got to be a good thing 14. Hometown: Houston 15. Current Residence: Houston 16. Have you been in love? never... 17. Currently in love? see above 18. Favorite thing about email? keeping in touch with friends and relatives who've moved away and getting hold of the people in Houston I never seem to be able to track down any other way (Jen, you know who you are) 19. Ever been toilet papered?: yes 20. Loved somebody so much that it made you cry? I've certainly cried, but I think it was hurt pride rather than love 21. Been in a car crash? yes, rear ended a suburban when I was sixteen...crushed the front of my car, his bumper had a little scratch (those cars are invincible) 22. Croutons or Bacon Bits? BOTH, I'm with Jen on this one 23. 2 doors or 4? 4 24. Coffee or Ice-Cream? Why not both? 25. Blanket or stuffed animal? stuffed animal - always bears, since I can remember 26. Best Color: blue...almost every shade 27. Salad Dressing: Used to be Ranch, but I've developed a new found zeal for Blue Cheese 28. Socks Color? White athletic sox...only when working out.  Or, black socks w/ boots in the winter 29. Book you are reading or hope to read?  Eleanor of Aquitaine, How Good Do We Have to Be? (Harold Kushner...It's wonderful), Catch-22 (seen the movie, always wanted to read the book) 30. Favorite Movies: Although I LOVE Pride & Prejudice (the BBC version!) I'm gonna have to go with "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" and "Roman Holiday".  Absolute classics and extremely moving. 31. Favorite Foods: Mexican Food is a must and I have a new addiction to sushi...don't forget a good steak Song Playing at the Moment: no music at work right now either...but, depending on the mood we get everything around here Metalica, Johhny Cash, Poison, you name it. 33.Toothpaste: Crest 34. Restaurants: Kirby Lane (Austin), Berryhill (Houston) 35. Flower: Lilies 36. Least Favorite Food: liver...I know it's the easy answer, but I've tried it and DID NOT like it. 37. Favorite Sports to Watch:  Live - Texas Football On TV - tennis, basketball and football 38. Fast Food Restaurant: McDonald's 39. When was your last hospital visit:  3 yrs. ago when my nephew, Mack, was born 40. Favorite Drink? Frosty cold glass of Milk (at least 2%) or a nice glass of red wine...unfortunately, I usually go for the latter. 41. What color is your bedroom carpet? beige 42. How many times did you fail your Permit and or Driver's Test? zero 43. Where do you see yourself in 10 years? No idea...and that's the most exciting part. 44. Who is the last person that you got email from before opening this one? Cindy Richarson the organizer for Enron's running club 45. Have you ever been convicted of a crime? no 46. Which single store could you max out your credit card? It max out faster at Saks, but I'd have more fun digging for bargains at Saks Off Fifth 47. What do you do most often when you are bored? watch TV or read magazines 48. What words or phrases do you often hear overused?  On the trading floor.."sh#*, fu&@, etc., etc." 49. Friend who lives farthest away? Emily Hillegeist in London and my brother and sister-in-law in South Korea 50. Most annoying thing: Overuse of sex in advertising (Prime example, the Uncle Ben's rice ads...completely unnecessary. I mean come on, it's rice.  How sexy can you make rice? 51. Best things in the world? Have to again agree with Jen here...God's grace, my family and new experiences.  And, I'd also have to go with great friends and the ability to continually surprise one's self. 52. Bedtime: Used to be midnight but I've been better the last few weeks so now it's between 10:00 and 11:00 53. Who will respond to this fastest? I'm gonna have to go with Meador. 54. Who is the person that you sent this to that is least likely to respond? Emily...she's a busy girl. 55. What time is it now? 10:55 AM     _________________________________________________________________ Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com 
 I actually do know that girl...helped recruit her a year or so ago.  She always seemed nice to me and normal, but I'll ask around and see what I turn up.  Yes, I am still coming over there.  I get into London on the 6th of June and fly out on the 12th.  Please let me know if you're going to be in town during that time.  I really want to try and get together while I'm there.  I may be going elsewhere the 6th thru the 9th (my friend, Emily, wants to take a little trip somewhere) but I will definitely be in town Saturday night through Monday...let me know.  I was very excited to hear about Caycie too.  Susan 
 So are you in ? 
 Hey Corey,  I'm thinking about driving to Austin this weekend to see Kathy & Travis's new house as well as the two of them and the kids.  Just wanted to see what you were going to be up to and if you might want to get together.  I know you still have to work at the Law Review, but I figure you won't be there 24 hrs. a day...course I could be wrong.  Talk to you soon, Sue 
 Vegas baby!!!!!!!!!!!  I can't wait...our flight arrives around 6:00 and then we head back Sunday morning.  It's a "work" trip.  Will do on pitching the 12th to the gang.  Sue 
 Think I may head up to Austin Sat-Sun but I'll be probably be here Sunday night and will definitely be here Monday....Did you know Luke Olsen is playing at Blanco's tonight?  What are you doing this weekend?  Sue 
 My bad...it's not Luke.  I just called and I think they said the Hollisters.  Anyway, the Radney Foster gig is extremely tempting but I really need to see my sister and the kids...depending on what Corey has to say though, I may just go to Austin Sunday and Monday.  We'll see.  Give me a buzz or drop a line if you want to get together.  Sue 
 Matty already left work, but I'll be sure to pass the message along. 
 I'll work on the jaunt and will do on the limeade's....talk to you tomorrow. 
 Wow...I must say this was the last thing I expected you to be emailing me about.  I'll try and give you a call after work ( around 4:30 or so ) if you want to talk about it some more, just let me know.  I do think it's good that you guys are at least talking about all this stuff regardless of what you decide is the right for both of you.  Sorry to hear about Jay...that is horrible.  What brings on shingles anyway?  I thought it has something to do with stress, but I could be totally off.  Glad you like the CD...I've been listening to it non-stop.  I'm totally empowered after "I'm Alright" and then plunge into super-reflective mode with "Wildest Dreams".  Get on the Kim Richey web site and read the lyrics and you'll understand why.  By the way, she's playing at Stubb's on June 14th and in Houston at The Fabulous Satellite Lounge on the 16th....food for thought.  As for my call, there was some news...he contacted me around 10 am or so and we chatted throughout the day.  I'll tell you more about it when I call, but you're only going to be a bigger fan.  That of course is the problem I'm having.  Talk to you soon, Sue 
 The price should be Inside Ferc Monthly Index....the deal has been changed in the system. 
 Hi George  You will want to liquidate the June Exotic Options today (using the valuation spreadsheet- Basis Pipe Options 2001.xls) as well as update the Option P&L file to account for the June Exotic option's value you calculate.  You will actually roll-over the Options P&L tomorrow, after you finalize the 31st's P&L (the final P&L file will include any Prior Month Adjustments as well as broker fees).  You will update the Basis Pipe Options 2001.xls when the actual published indexes come out...so that will most likely be Monday.  At that point you can send the file to Beatrice Reyna in it's final version.  If you have any other questions just come by and get me and we'll go over them.  Susan 
 Hi Ivonne,  I opened up new bank accounts recently and need to set up direct deposit for my pay checks and expense reports.  Could you let me know what all I need to do to have this set up?  I have already filled out the form available on eHRonline.com.  If you could either email me with the instructions or call at ext. 31455 I would appreciate it.  Thanks, Susan 
 Hey there,  Bummer about next weekend, although I'm not even positive I'm going so the frustration may be for naught.  As far as the wedding thing goes, thanks for the offer but I wouldn't worry about it.  I think I have a wedding in Houston that weekend anyway.  I'll talk to Jen about coming up the weekend of the 12th so maybe Jessica, Jen, you, me & my friend Corey could all get together.  I've been needing a good Austin fix.  The trip to San Diego was awesome.  We ended up blowing off most of the plans we made so we could just hang out at the beach, drink wine, and eat cheese and crackers (oh yeah, and watch the sun set).  I did find time to go to a spa and get a bodyscrub/massage which was amazing.  I'm off again this weekend so I have to go through the whole packing routine again tonight..augh!  Hope things are well with you and I'll say high to Lisa and Jen for you tonight.  Sue 
 Thanks 
 what is it exactly you need help with...maybe i can answer your questions via email. 
 I've never run that file since it was split out, but my guess is you need to add any prior month adjustments and broker fees to today's file.  Tomorrow you will want to roll the file over to the new month...Errol should be able to help you with that.  Make sure you also follow the Liquidation instructions for the gas daily post-id's...you can find them on that color coded sheet George has.  Swing by if you need anything else.  Susan 
 Just called...they're going to put it on our door tonight.  We just have to sign it and stick it in the night drop. 
 You guys have fun...sadly i'll be out due to a broker dinner.  I'll be sure to catch the next one. 
 Way to go...very excited for you.  You will HAVE to let me Monday know how things went. 
 http://moneycentral.msn.com/articles/retire/style/5345.asp?special=msn 
 Yes....but we're going to have to pay a late fee. 
 haven't tried...will do so now...i am on msngr as well (AOL, MSN, Yahoo!...take your pick) 
 sscott5_2000...i think 
 I'll see you guys there. 
 "....also, some annoying requests- katy forgot all the minutemade frozen limeade she'd promised to bring for our Eagles marg party, and the jerky from dad - suspiciously, she remembered my pocket-sized neosporin tube......but anyways, it would be FABULOUS if you and lisa could each cart over 3-4 tubes of the limeade wrapped in plastic (carry-on....obviously could be ugly in non-pressurized cabin in suitcase!) doesn't matter if thaws, but will need approx 7-10 tubes for the festivities, plus, dad has that great turkey jerky from NB to send along...."  Fear not, I have the turkey jerky.  Address...118 Portland Road (the postcode is W11 and the tube stop is Holland Park)  Phone #...011 44 2072 43 1926 (this is with the country code so I'm not sure exactly what you dial in London, I 							know you have to knock off the 011 and possibly the 44)  If you end up taking the tube you'll walk out of the tube station and take an immediate left.  Walk roughly two blocks and then take another right onto Portland Road.  There will be a pizza place right on the corner.  You'll walk all the way down Portland road until it looks like the road ends in a cul-de-sac.  The roads actually continues on the other side of a little bricked area with benches (a place called Janie's Wine Bar will be on your immediate left).  Emily's flat is in the row of flats to your right and the number is on the door (which if I remember correctly is blue).  See you there, Sue 
 My mom told me about Tootsie when we got home...I am so sorry.  I know how much those dogs mean to you...as do most Londoners based on the picture arsenal.  Anyway, I'm sure the funk will last for a while, but eventually you'll start to feel better.  Just take the long weekend to relax and recoup from the news (and doctor prodding)...we'll grab a margarita next week sometime.  Sue 
 Okay...I'm an idiot...I forgot to bring your email address with me to London (it's saved in my contacts list at work) and I can't check my work email from outside locations...augh!  Yet again, I fail.  However, I had such a good time visiting I think I'm going to try to make a quick trip back over this fall when the air fares are a little cheaper.  That way, I could see you and Jessica and Clay.  I will stick your phone number in my physical address book and be a better visitor next go-round.  Sorry again for the oversight.  Also, the next trip I make will most likely be solo (my roommate in Houston came with me this time) so it will be significantly easier for me to maneuver.  Talk to you soon, Susan  Any luck on the roommate front?  Do you still want me to talk to Millie? 
 Cindy,  Sorry no response from me, I've been out of the country.  Being a novice, I forgot to look at the clock exactly when I crossed.  I know it was 30 mins and some odd seconds, so my best guess is 30.10 minutes  Hope this helps.  Susan Scott x31455 
 See...I told you you were invited.  I think I must have dropped the invitation or something.  Let me know what you think.  I'd been planning on going to the Kim Richey concert Sat night at the Fab Satellite Lounge (along with Corey, Doug, and yourself if you were interested).  Honestly think I'd rather go to the concert, but I would feel somewhat guilty.  What are your thoughts? 
 So did you make it in today?  Hope you're feeling better.  Wasn't sure last night if you were or weren't interested in the concert Sat. night.  Let me know because if we decide to go I'm going to buy the tickets today.  Also, Boone called about 11:45 last night to berate you for not returning phone calls or emails.  The message is on the answering machine if you want to call the apartment and listen to it (be forewarned, there is a lot of rambling).  Sue 
 Hey Corey,  Was wondering if you and Doug still had any interest in the Concert Sat. night.  Drop me a line and let me know if you want to go ahead and buy tickets (they're $15 a piece).  The box office opens at 8:00 and doors open at 9:00, but the last time I went there there was a line to get in by 8:45...I would recommend showing up around 8:15 or so to make sure you get a seat inside.  Still trying to figure out how guilty I'd feel missing this bachelorette party...  Sue 
 None as of yet...so are you just going to let the party people know tomorrow or what?...I figured from your last email you were a lock.  As for myself, I'm still  waiting to hear back from Corey about the concert, so I don't know what I'm doing yet either.  I would love to go to dinner with the crew and then transition to the concert but I don't think the times exactly work out.  Anything in the hopper for this evening? 
 Had a bit of an encounter with Ted last night.  Turns out it wasn't as bad = as I thought it was based upon the email below.  Start from the bottom and = work your way up.  FYI he's kidding about the MD (managing director) and Go= d comments. 
 Lisa....FYI:  you already sent this email to everyone (at 10:48). 
 I think some relaxation time is definitely in order for you...so don't worry about tomorrow.  If you're in we can just try and buy tickets there, and if you're out I'll go to the bachelorette party...easy peasy.  Considering you start this whole ride over again on Monday, I would totally understand you wanting to bail out. Whatever you decide PLEASE do not worry about me...I am the epitome of flexible these days. 
 back to reality with a vengeance, sometimes reality is no fun...I think the weekend in NB will prove beneficial for you as well so enjoy.  I'm guessing I'll end up at the party despite wanting to go to that concert at the Fabulous Satellite Lounge (I hate having a conscience!)  .  no contact with the guy...although i think he went home mid-week for a friend's wedding...regardless, though it may not sound like it, i haven't been too focused on the situation.  on a another "playing with fire" note, went and grabbed a couple pints wednesday with dutch (the old boss) and ended up eating dinner with him as well.  he paid (although he tricked me into letting him, said he was charging it to the company so i'd put my money away...needless to say he didn't expense it).  we've always been friends so i guess one outing doesn't hurt, but any future encounters may have to include others for safety reasons.  i'll see you when you get home. 
 Hi Mrs. Barker,  Sorry it's taken me so long to respond regarding the party Saturday (Lisa and I only got back into town a couple days ago from visiting Emily in London).  I had actually already purchased concert tickets for Saturday night, but am currently seeing if I can find anyone willing to buy them from me.  If I am successful in pawning these things off I will be present and accounted for to help Kelly and the gang celebrate.  I will be sure to take your number home with me and give you a call tomorrow to let you know my status either way.  Thanks again for everything, Susan 
 Hey Sarah,=20  Nice to hear from you.  I know you just talked to Lisa the other day so I g= ot a little more detailed update from her.  I'm sure she told you about our= trip over to London...we had a really good time which included me spending= a small fortune.  Oh well, money's meant to be spent, right?  Anyway, soun= ds like you've got some really exciting activities to look forward to over = the next 6 mos to a year.  Can't wait to hear all about the baby when it ar= rives (the first in the family is always exciting) and I know you and Mike = are going to have the best time jaunting around Europe.  I wish I was plann= ing the same kind of trip right now.  As for your future beyond that, have = you been to Seattle before?  I'm taking a long weekend there with a friend = from work and would love to hear more about things to do if you have any ad= vice.  Otherwise, I'll be sure to let you know what I found on my own visit= .  Hope things continue to go well for you and we'll have to get together w= hen you come back to Texas...  Sue 
 Hey gang,  I think I'm in for tomorrow...so barring a snafu, I'll see y'all at the hotel.  Sue 
 Look'n sharp Mr. Scott....G.I. Joe eat your heart out!!!! 
 I'm assuming this was meant for you... 
 katyhester@hotmail.com 
 Like I said...I'm in.  What time is "right after work" for everyone? 
 http://www.apbenergy.com/  Okay...so here's the link.  Once you get to the sight, click on About APB and then Just for Fun.  Once you're on the Just for Fun page click on Derby 2001 and go to the last picture on the first row.  You can read the names from there.  Hope the first day at the new office is going well.  Give me a call sometime and let me know what the scoop is regarding Wednesday and the baseball game.  I'm anxious to hear if you talked to Leslie again after the cryptic phone call on Saturday.  Sue  btw....not only no contact, but not said individual's not even logging into messenger...I think this where people tend to say "stick a fork in it." 
 Hey friend,  I just got your card yesterday in the mail and am so thrilled that you've asked me to be a part of your wedding.  I will try and give you a call later on today or tonight to talk in person, but I wanted to let you know ASAP that I will gladly participate in any way possible in the pre-wedding and wedding day activities.  This really is such an exciting time in your life and I look forward to all of the festivities.  Love, Sue  PS - Trish Murphy is playing tomorrow night at the Mucky Duck if you have any interest. 
 Just got your email...I'll take a look at it after morning trading.  It does sound like it would be fun.  What happened to you last night?  I was starting to get worried about you.  Also, we have one of our Taster's dinners Thursday night and both Katy and I are planning on going.  Any interest? 
 So if I can get tickets (actual seats...not standing room only) are you game for tonight?  The concert starts about 8:30 so I figure we would try to get there early enough to get decent seats and possibly eat.  Let me know.  Sue  Sorry no call last night...I passed out cold when I got home.  Also, I'm dying to hear about the Jonatha Brooks concert.  I had planned on going, but a high school friend's bachelorette party conflicted.  I was really wanting to see Kim Richey...I'm wearing a hole in my CD. 
 so you can only buy tickets at the Mucky Duck...I may go by right after work to try and get them...Do you want me to just call you on your cell phone and let you know if we've got actual seats? 
 me too! 
 Diane,  I am no longer the book admin handling the trader referenced by the deal below.  I have taken the liberty of forwarding this email to the individual now running the book in question.  Let me know if there is anything else I can do.  Thanks, Susan Scott x31455  Sean,  The deal which needs to be changed is highlighted and bolded in red below.  Susan 
 Have you dropped off the face of the earth?  Give me a call or email. 
 Oh boo-hoo...cry me a river.  Sorry I missed Tuesday, but I went to listen to live music with a friend from UT.  How are things going with you?  I had a great time in London and came back with some Cubans for Dad and a 1920's platinum and diamond watch for myself...can't wait for you to see it.  Give me a call sometime, would like to hear what's new in your life.  Susan 
 What's up with tonight?  The Tasters dinner is at 7:00 at some restaurant called Fire and Ice.  Shot me an email or call when you get a chance and let me know the plan.  Sue 
 The email was titled "nothing bad..." so you wouldn't immediately trash it = for fear I was dispensing some more of Susan's homespun wisdom.  I know you= can't get enough of that stuff.  As for the revenue generation, I've heard= what a boon the Ag group has been to EGM.  From what I understand you guys= are carrying the rest of that company on your backs...keep up the good wor= k!  And yes, the world you live in does revolve around you Ted, it's just t= hat no one else lives in that world besides you so it stands to reason that= would be the case.  Your welcome for the email.  I really am happy for you= that things seem to be going well and that you appear to be enjoying what = you're doing (I haven't heard any of the "when I grow up I want to be a ...= .." comments out of you in a while, a sure sign of contentment and maturity= - okay burgeoning maturity).  In regards to trading, I am absolutely lovin= g it.  I've been on EOL for a little over a month now (although my trades g= o into one of the other trader's books for the time being...I should get my= own in a couple months) and am really enjoying the new life/perks this job= allows.  Case in point, took my Mom to see Hakeem's last game with the Roc= kets on one of the brokers (center court seats...she was thrilled) and am o= ff to Vegas this weekend to "meet" with some of the power traders from Port= land.  So much for the 16-18 hour days I was dealing with for a year or so = there...given present circumstances it was all worth it.  No need to "let me of the hook" for my candor last night, I meant everythin= g I said and I wanted you to hear those things.  In a quest to be an oh so = witty smart-ass, sometimes I forget to just tell people what I think/feel..= .always catches up to me in hind-sight and if the opportunity presents itse= lf for me to rectify that then I don't believe in passing it up.  Contrary = to what you may think, I'm a big girl who thinks for herself and always act= s on her own volition.  And I think I either mumbled last night or your hea= ring is starting to go in your old age, but I said "clod" not "god"...subtl= e but important difference.  Shorty  - You missed an impressive dancing display at Sierra's last night...I think= I may have frightened some people. 
 Tell me more about Cara!!!!! 
 yes...but i haven't heard the updates post date. 
 Hey,  I may swing by the Tasters dinner just to say, "Hi" to everyone and then meet you at the Forest Club.  What do you think of that?  Also, Katy and I may go to Blanco's later if you and Leslie have any interest.  So I've decided I will have to crash some of your happy hours and try to meet some decent boys.  I'm sick of these crappy ones.  Sue 
 Hey Matt,  Just thought I'd let you know that I'm thinking about heading to New Braunfels tonight to see Emily.  We were wondering if you might want to get together tonight...we've missed you terribly.  You can shoot me and email back or just call Emily at the river house (830 -964-2494) or me on my cell phone after 4:00 (713-775-6472).  Sue 
 i'm taking off right now.  just talked to em and her parents are coming up tonight to stay for the weekend and work on the house.  call me on my cell phone, i'll have it turned on at 3:30. 
 yes...but i've decided my hormones are about the equivalent of a 16 yr. old boy's.  we left about 20 mins after you guys and i drove him to his car.  he asked if i minded him calling to ask me out wednesday or thursday of this week as he is going out of town this weekend  (he said he'd tried earlier this year...to which i responded "yes, and failed miserably")  ...we'll see.  he is a cutie though.  i don't know if you'll ever have a chance to look at the picture of you know who, but physically bryan puts him to shame.  Sue 
 Thanks Theresa.  Do you know if Paul did a deal with EJW for July?  Also, do you know why the PSCO deal with Petrogulf is in the system as 265 on the supply side?  I thought the deal was for 360 w/ a 10% swing capability.  Susan 
 Couple other things Theresa...Do we have Sinclair numbers for July? And, are the Thermo numbers in Sitara good?  Thanks 
 you are the greatest...thanks 
 Ours is:  3805 W. Alabama # 3308 Houston, TX 77027  My parents is:  10802 Jaycreek Houston, Tx 77070  Glad I got to see you this weekend!  Sue 
 Next week sounds good to me too.  If everyone wants to meet at Ale house for a drink today why don't we try right after work.  Susan had a very big night last night and needs to be in bed early tonight as a result.  I can't wait to hear about the honeymoon either!!!! 
 Theresa,  You're gonna kill me, but I left all my T-account notes at home this morning.  Can you shoot me the FUGG breakdown again?  Thanks, Susan 
 i'll give you a call in a few 
 done 
    Date:	6/20/01  7:41 AM  RE:	Fwd: Fw: Warning - alcohol    Alcohol warnings.... > > Due to increasing products liability litigation, American beer Brewers > have accepted the FDA's suggestion that the following warning labels be > placed immediately on all beer containers: > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may leave you wondering what the > hell happened to your bra. (Apparently this has happened to several > people?!) > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may make you think you are > whispering when you are not. > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol is a major factor in dancing like a > retard. > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may cause you to tell your friends > over and over again that you love them. > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may cause you to think you can sing. > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may lead you to believe that > ex-lovers are really dying for you to telephone them at four in the > morning. > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may make you think you can logically > converse with other members of the opposite sex without spitting. > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may make you think you have mystical > Kung Fu powers, resulting in you getting your butt kicked. > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may cause you to roll over in the > morning and see something really scary (whose species and/or name you > can't remember). > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol is the leading cause of inexplicable > rug burns on the forehead. > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may create the illusion that you > are tougher, smarter, faster and better looking than most people. > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may lead you to believe you are > invisible. > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may lead you to think people are > laughing WITH you. > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may cause a disturbance in the > time-space continuum, whereby small (and sometimes large) gaps of time > may seem to literally disappear. >> 
 if you get this give me a call on my cell phone....it's 5:15 right now 
 I'm so sorry I've hurt you Boone...never my intention.  I had no idea you were so fragile, you hide it well.  Life at Enron is good but things have been pretty busy the last couple weeks.  I went to New Braunfels last Friday to visit one of Lisa and my friends (actually it's the girl we visited in London) and then had a wedding to go to Saturday night.  No big plans for the 4th as of yet.  I'm still trying to figure out where I'm going to be...could be Houston, Austin or Georgetown.  I know, I know...I'm such a jet-setter.  How about yourself?  Planning another famous Boone BBQ.  Cooking commences at 3:00 am, right?  Hope you're having a nice day. 
 I believe this was intended for the other Susan Scott...I'm with Nat Gas trading.  Thanks 
 still the wrong one...try sscott3@enron.com, that usually works for me. 
 Please don't send me any more compression services emails.  I have nothing to do with any of the information below and should probably not even have access to it...the Susan Scott you're looking for does not have the middle initial M.  There is no middle initial shown for her in the system.  Thank you 
 You still interested in going to the Firehouse on tomorrow night?  I just checked my messages at home and Bryan called last night...at 9:45!  I was already passed out.  I know I'm an old bitty, but that is just too late to be calling a working girl when you're looking for a date Wednesday or Thursday night.  Anyway, I will give him a call this afternoon but I might suggest we just do something when he gets back from his trip.  I talked to Katy last night (before he'd called) and told her about the firehouse...she's definitely interested.  Let me know what you think.  Sue 
 I guess there's some sort of fine for dating...sounds like a load of BS to me.  What's your AOL messenger name? 
 Thanks for all the info.  Susan 
 he's going to Vegas I think...And I have no idea when we'd go over there.  I'll talk to Katy and see what she thinks. 
 so i talked to bryan last night...after a few ritas and beers.  supposedly we're going to do something tonight.  very curious how this will all pan out.  i do kind of feel "old" around him.  not because he's immature or anything of that nature, but because i've been out and working for 2 yrs now and he's living at home with his parents and planning on going back to school...just feel like i'm in a very different place.  of course, as usual, i'm giving this way too much thought.  Susan  really wanted to go to the firehouse...maybe i can tell him i have to be home early and i could meet you (and Katy) there later?  i'm so bad. 
 This was intended for the other Susan Scott.  Thanks 
 I think this was intended for the other Susan Scott.  Thanks 
 Well...when i was there you liquated the P&L post-id everyday, so unless that's changed you will continue to do that everyday.  For the last day of the month you will also want to liquidate the Official post-id as well.  Look at the file I've attached and it will explain how to handle the Gas Daily book this month since the last day of the month is not a week day.  The notes are in blue.  Let me know if you have any other questions.    Susan 
 just tried to call you at the river house....if you're online, shoot me an email when you're about to get off 
 jeez.....i don't care how good things are between them right now, you have to respect a just the girls dinner! 
 call me on my cell phone if you get a chance...i'm leaving the office right now. 
 Just wanted to make sure you're okay...woke up this morning and you hadn't come home.  I may be heading out after morning trading to go home b/c I feel like dirt.  Sue 
 I think this is for you. 
 Ina,  Is there something I need to do in regards to this email.  I appears some coding information needs to be filled out for my cell phone.  Thanks, Susan 
 Actually, I think this may be for you...I see Christi Nicolay's name on the distribution as well and I usually assume emails with her name attached are intended for you.  Let me know if this isn't the case.  Thanks, Susan 
 Stopped by Em's last night before coming home and she'd mentioned trying to do Austin this weekend.  She'd already talked to Katy and it sounded like Katy was interested in Austin tomorrow night and then maybe Gruene on Saturday night.  Anyway, wanted to let you know and see if you had any interest.  Emily and Katy would probably try to leave early tomorrow to stop in Round Top and do some antique shopping...so, if you think you could leave the office around 5:00 or so (of course earlier is always better) we could ride together and at least get on the HOV lane.  As it stands right now I think we're going to have stay in hotels both nights and we of course currently have no reservations, so it could get interesting.  Sue 
 Hope you had fun yesterday...I was actually writing to see if you had any interest in going to Austin this weekend.  Emily, Katy, myself and possibly Lisa are talking about making a trip up there tomorrow.  We would be going out with some guy friends of ours so if Doug wanted to come he wouldn't be completely outnumbered.  Also, one of Katy's friends manages Pat Green and he's playing at Gruene Hall so we were thinking about trying to go see him on Saturday.  Drop me a line and let me know if you have any interest.  Sue 
 I forgot Leigh Ann was going to be in town this weekend.  As for this evening, I think we're still on.  The movie is showing at the Angelika at 7:40 or Greenway 3 at 10:00...I'm assuming both of us would prefer the earlier movie, but there is something to be said for proximity.  What are your thoughts?  We could either take our time with dinner and then do the movie or just go to the early show and maybe grab dessert afterwards.  My guess is Emily would probably prefer the earlier time, since she may be taking off early tomorrow. 
 I'm intrigued...what prompted the cooking class?  If you do end up in Austin tomorrow night, we'll have to try to get together.  Sue 
 It's been quite a while since we caught up on things.  How are you doing these days?  Things here are pretty good.  I went about a month ago and visited Emily in London and have been busy with work, etc.  Hope you had a good Fourth of July!!!  Susan 
 It happens to me pretty regularly.  Time:  Yesterday around 4:30 pm  Conversation:  Him:	yo Me:	hey Him:	guess what Me:	what Him:	i'm an engaged man Him:	that kind of came out of nowhere huh  There was about 15-20 more of conversation which we can discuss later, but needless to say I'm still reeling.  So are you heading up to Austin today?  Sue 
 sorry didn't check email till today.  things have just been really busy the last month and i've been doing quite a bit of traveling.  i'm out of town this weekend, but maybe next week. 
 No problem...and you still need to see the Yankee Doodle Dandy movie, very patriotic and especially poignant for an independence day baby.  As for gas trading land, things are good.  Everyday I become a little more comfortable with the region I'm trading as well as the ins and outs of the pipeline and storage systems.  Sorry to hear about the ag group's demise, but I'm guessing there are some great opportunities to be had on the weather desk so congratulations are in order (as usual you have landed on your feet).  What's Darren going to be up to as a result of this?  Anyway, glad you got in some vacation time before the move and as luck would have it over your birthday.  Did you make it back to Cali or head to your new second home, Austin?  I'm assuming the book you are referring to is Market Wizards...I haven't read it yet, but have heard much about it from some of the other traders on the desk.  Maybe I should give it a look, if only to see what kind of things I'll need to write about once I join that circle...attitude is key.  Shorty 
 Ditto.... 
 thought you'd get a kick out of reading this...start from the bottom up.  (you'll have to click on the web link to see the e-card i sent ted for his b-day)  as monique comically pointed out this morning, "bet you never thought somebody would make ted look good?"  in the land of disappointing men, it's all a matter of degrees.  Sue 
 She lives!!!!  I know it's been ages since we've caught up on each other's = lives.  I'm anxious to hear what's happening in yours in the upcoming month= s.  I'll have to give you a call at home some time so we can really talk.  = As for a visit, you know I'm always up for a trip out to the coast.  I'm ac= tually heading to Seattle next weekend with a friend from work and then Aug= ust is going to be filled with a trip to Denver (work related...I know toug= h) and a visit to S. Korea to see Chris and Chuck for a week and a half or = so.  I'm really excited about that trip...I think we're going to try and ta= ke a weekend jaunt somewhere like Singapore, Hong Kong or Beijing while I'm= there.  So given all of that, what are your thoughts on Labor day weekend?= It's the first weekend of September...automatic 3 day weekend for me, so = I could fly in around the same time I did on my last visit that Friday and = leave Monday afternoon.  Let me know if that sounds good, or if there's som= e other weekend you had in mind. =20  You'll have to tell both of the Eric's and Clint I said, "Hello."  I had su= ch a great time hanging out with all of them, and your cousin too.  You att= ract very fun and interesting people...it's a credit to your excellent comp= any.  By the way, how are things in regards to Clint...still just good hang= -out buddies?  I'm assuming, since you didn't say anything in your email th= at things with Brendan are still good and if so, I'm glad for you. =20  I went shopping at Stein Mart recently too and found some really cute thing= s, I absolutely love that store.  And, I'm honored to be your shopping muse= .  Love, Susan  PS - The job's still good and I miss you too. 
 I know...I'm a peach.  Ha.  Anyway, dinner was really good.  We had spaghetti (which John cooked), garlic bread and some of the red wine I'd brought over.  And, we watched Crouching Tiger which I loved.  You were right, it is a very woman take charge film. 
 Em got the grandparent dinner changed to Wednesday night, so we'll be able to get together tonight.  She's supposed to give me a buzz later and let me know what she would like to do.  Odds are we're looking at a happy hour, followed by a nice dinner and then who knows what.  Talk to you later, Sue 
  FYI:  Bryan called last night to see if I wanted to go out again.  I think we'll probably end up going out on Thursday...I don't know.  We'll see how it goes, but I don't feel as excited or enthusiastic as I probably should.  Sue 
 thought you might be interested in this... 
 Last night was good...a nice, relaxed dinner suited me just right.  As for a rematch, we'll see...I've got dinner with Monique and Jennifer (you met her downtown once I think) tonight.  So maybe Thursday or Friday night we could do something.  I'll give you a call later.  Julie's email address is julieg@qualcomm.com  Sue 
 Jesssseka!!!!  I know, it's been ages since we've chatted.  I will definitely give you a buzz so we can catch real time.  I got Clay's message and thought I'd replied, but obviously I forgot.  I'm actually going out of town next weekend.  Which makes me so sad because it would be great to see everyone again.  Of course, I suppose we'll all be seeing quite a bit of each other with Jen and Caycie's weddings coming up.  I talk to you soon,  Sue  Glad to hear things are good...even if they are hectic. 
 Did you get that Katy?  Just kidding....I'll see you guys at the apartment. 
 Hey Lis,  How's married life treating you these days?  I hope things are good with your job, home, etc.  I was actually writing you to try and get Bonnie's email address.  My friend Monique and I are going to Seattle next week for a long weekend and I was hoping to get some tips from her as well as possibly get together for lunch or dinner.  Hope to see you soon and please say, "Hi!" to everyone for me next weekend at the lake house.  I'm so sad I'll be missing it, but I'd already booked my flight by the time Clay sent the email.  Love, Sue 
 I believe this was intended for the other Susan Scott (sscott3@enron.com)..= .I'm with nat gas trading.  Thanks 
 Hi Bonnie,  How are you doing?  Lisa said you'd broken your foot recently and have been stuck on crutches...which I'm guessing is no fun when you're riding public transportation.  Anyway, I was writing to see if you might have some suggestions of things to do and places to go while in Seattle.  One of my co-workers and myself are flying up Thursday for a long weekend in your fair city and were hoping to get a few pointers.  I hope you're still enjoying things as much as you were a few months ago.  It looks like you may have changed jobs already, which I trust is a good thing for you.  I'm very anxious to see the city and all it has to offer...there is a part of me that has always thought I'd like to live in the Pacific Northwest for a while (so this will be a little bit of a research trip for me).  If you could start thinking of suggestions for restaurants, bars, outdoor activities, etc. that would be great, and maybe if you're in town we could get together for a meal or a drink.  Thanks a bunch, Susan 
 It's so nice to hear from you!  Actually, we're coming this weekend.  We get in around 10:30 on Thursday night and flight out very late on Sunday.  At present we have reservations at the Mayflower Inn, but are debating taking a trip to the San Juan's (possibly overnight - do you have an opinion on that?...i.e. can it be just a day trip).  Discovery Park sounds great....we are both very interested in doing as much outdoors as possible.  To that end, we were thinking about doing some kayaking if you know of any particularly good places.  I really hope we get a chance to meet up while I'm in town...you may want to give me your phone number so we can contact you once we're in town.  Thanks again, Susan 
 Hey folks,  It's harassment time.  I'm trying to put together the contact list to end all contact lists.  I was hoping you guys could help me out by filling in any of the info you may already have.  I've attached an excel file which has plants, pipelines and storage facilities.  Fill in whatever you can and feel free to add anything you think should be included.  Just take a look at the sheet when you get a chance and let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks for all the help, Susan 
 I've been wondering if you were alive....sorry I missed your call last Thursday, I was in a meeting.  We seem to be in meetings for several hours everyday lately.  Anyway, did you have the "Welcome Back Emily Party"?  If so I'm guessing you've been recovering for a couple of days.  Hope the paper(s) is/are going well.  Talk to you soon, Sue  PS - I'm in Seattle this weekend, so I'll miss the friend. 
 I actually think we have the Monday off (Sept. 3).  So, ideally I'd fly in Friday evening and fly out Monday afternoon.  I'll email more later, but just thought I'd give you a heads up.  Susan 
 Thanks Bonnie...we're staying at the Mayflower Inn.  I'll give you a call on your cell phone when we get to town.  It may not be until Friday though since our plane gets in late...but I'll call none the less.  Susan 
 You added sscott5, not sscott3, to the list...I'm with natural gas trading.  Thanks, Susan M. Scott 
 definitely ted actions...served no purpose, just made me feel rotten and reiterated what an ass he is/was.  He actually said he can't inter-company date b/c is costs him money if he does ($60 a date).  I told him it was a good thing he got so much in when he could. 
 Hey...if you'd like to try and get together Thursday or Friday let me know.  I think a group is actually getting together Friday night for Ashlea Stuart's birthday, but I'd be willing to skip it (or go if you'd like to see some people).  Anyway, just drop me a note when you get a chance...I could definitely use a good chat session.  Sue 
 Hey Theresa....are you going to be putting in the Thermo volumes or would you like me too? 
  I've decided the articles on MSN are crap and you shouldn't read them anymore....but this one made me laugh.    http://womencentral.msn.com/weddings/articles/artfeed2.asp 
 I'm metal & I am steel I don't mind cause I can't feel a thing I'm a diamond ring  I'm not flesh & I'm not bone I'm not sad & I'm not all alone I'm a stone  the king is dead and the queen has flown left me here in the twilight zone - lost and looking for a way to get back home  and there's no right and there's no wrong so I'll be good and I'll be strong  I'll be silver & I'll be gold without a heart without even a soul I'll be coal  I won't be blood & teeth and skin & I won't feel the pain I'm in I'll be tin with no heart within  the king is dead and the queen has flown left me here in the twilight zone - lost and looking for a way to get back home  and there's no right and there's no wrong so I'll be good and I'll be strong  - Bob Schneider (Metal & Steel) 
 I heard someone pulled a hamstring trying to be butch w/ the military workouts....  As for me, the trip was fantastic.  Mucho shopping and even more eating.  Not to mention the weather was beautiful and you could actually walk everywhere you wanted to go.  The plane flight back was definitely not fun, but I did survive.  It reminded me of London quite a bit, although I think the weather is milder.  I was actually checking out apartment sites the other day b/c I was that impressed with the place.  It has a definite Austin vibe.  The people are extremely friendly, seem generally happy and there is lots of scenic beauty and tons of stuff to do.  Oh well,  I'll console myself with the fact that I get to live in H-town...always lifts my spirits.  Sue 
 I know I've thoroughly enjoyed all the commentary.  I can honestly say, I think this is the first time I've been invited to an Aggie happy hour....and to that end, kudos to all those who opted out of Sam's Boat...you now may be forced to deal with a longhorn interloper. 
 I know I've thoroughly enjoyed all the commentary.  I can honestly say, I think this is the first time I've been invited to an Aggie happy hour....and to that end, kudos to all those who opted out of Sam's Boat...you now may be forced to deal with a longhorn interloper. 
 Before you know it, we're gonna start outnumbering you guys. 
 I feel okay...just regretting some of my actions from last night.  Oh well, life goes on. 
 Western Civilization was getting old anyway....we'll create a new and improved civilization. 
 I won't give you Charlton Heston, but maybe Marky Mark. 
 Anne,  Didn't know if having this would be of any help, but here it is none the less.   Susan 
 Ina,  I keep receiving this message and am uncertain of exactly what it is they need me to do.  Could you take a look at it and fill me in on what action I need to take?  Thanks, Susan 
 Good luck with the paper...I know how inspired you get when deadlines start approaching, so I'm sure it'll be fabulous.  Sorry about the pulled muscle.  What exactly does that do to the marathon plans?  Will you be able to compete still, or are you just going to hit all the wine stops now?  I think you're right about Katy's move to Dallas. I have a feeling she's actually going to really like being there and working.  I pretty sure the folks are still helping out with living expenses, etc. so she won't have to make too big of an adjustment right off the bat.  As for me, Seattle could definitely be a destination but it would require a job change.  Enron doesn't have any offices up there.  The closest office is Portland and for obvious and now unavoidable reasons I don't see a move there any time soon.  You are right about not being able to go wrong with a place possessing Austin-like qualities...they are highly desirable.  I will most certainly try to keep the September date open...it would be great to see Britney and Arden.  We had Susan E.'s bachelorette party Saturday night (plus a bridal shower earlier that day).  Lisa hosted Laura White's at the apartment the same night.  I got to see and visit with Jenny Kenair (sp?), Janie Pitman, Rachel Pack among others.  Very interesting.  The two bachelorette parties met up at Black Swan for late night dancing.  Lis was in rare form.  I knew it was bad when she ran up and started hugging me....I think she almost crushed Susan and Kelly.  Anyway, it was actually pretty fun and I've decided I really like Susan's sister Betsy...good sense of humor and not at all be-boppy.  I did manage to trick her into doing the V-I-C-T-O-R-Y cheer at Black Swan though.  I thought it was pretty darn funny myself...she was mortified when she realized I'd got her to do a cheer.  Once again...best of luck banging out your opus.  Talk to you soon.  Sue  If you're looking to procrastinate a little this evening you can give me a buzz on my cell.  I'd try calling 5 pm or after. 
 Sorry I didn't call this weekend, but I was swamped Saturday and subsequently exhausted on Sunday.  I basically rotated from my bed to the couch to the pool to the couch and back to bed.  Pitiful but much needed.  Anyway, I was just going to tell you to go ahead and buy the ticket for me.  Departing the 14th and returning the 26th...which I believe puts me into Seoul Wednesday night and departing on a Sunday.  You can either call or email if you have any questions for me.  And, I'll decide where I'd like to go for the long weekend.  I may pick two and just let you two decide the final destination.  Sue 
 get online (msngr) if you get a chance...i'm still at work. 
 It all sounds pretty good, but is there any way to get on an earlier flight Sunday?  Probably not, I know there are only a few flights out a day, but if I could get into Houston closer to late afternoon on Sunday it would be a better for me.  I'd really like to stay that Saturday night...so if worse comes to worse, I'll just deal with the jet lag.  Susan 
 sounds good....i'd rather be useless a day at work, than miss a day over there....in the grand scheme of life. 
 Congrats on the promotion.  I was a little suprised it was only to manager...I remember you saying something once about jumping straight to Director.  All things in due time, right? 
 Great....sounds good to me.  Can't wait to see you guys. 
 I believe this was intended for the other Susan Scott.  I'm Susan M. Scott with Nat gas trading.  Thanks 
 I believe this was intended for the other Susan Scott.  I'm Susan M. Scott and work in natural gas trading.  Thanks 
 hello....long time no see.  how are y'all doing these days?  i'm actually writing bc i've misplaced em's phone number in london and wanted to give her a buzz.  do either of you have it on hand?  if so, could you please email it back to me.  thanks  em also mentioned something about NB in mid Sept...i'd love to see y'all if you decide to meet up with her.  Susan 
 UGH....sorry i missed your call last night.  I can't find your phone number either...i'll give you a call if you email it to me. otherwise, just give me a call later today. 
 Thanks anyway...I eventually tracked it down yesterday.  And yes, the real world emphatically sucks.  Emily's got the right idea, avoid it at all costs.  Still, work's going all right for me.  My hours have dramatically improved, which is nice, and they actually let me take time off for vacation.  I'm reserving the weekend Emily mentioned in September so hopefully I'll see you there.  Susan 
 I'm sorry it's taken me so long to get back to you.  I would definitely enjoy the opportunity to answer any of your questions about the various opportunities within Enron.  I know what an overwhelming place this can be at times.  I'm actually heading out of the office today for a conference in Denver, but if you want to just email me some questions or pick a time that would be good for you to meet that would be great.  Susan Scott x31455 
 Sorry it took me so long to respond.  It's been really busy here lately.  You're going to be so disappointed in us, but we never ended up kayaking.  Monique and I were so glad that you and Luke came to meet us for drinks.  It was so fun getting to talk to y'all and hear all about Seattle and Vancouver.  The weather actually turned out to be really good so we spent a lot of time outside.  The Market was fantastic.  We actually bought some boiled shrimp there and took in back to the hotel for a little in room picnic.  We also hit "the Bite" which was really neat.  Glad you and Luke had a good time in the mountains and please let me know the next time you're in Houston.  It be great to see you again.  Thanks again for everything, Susan 
 Sorry we didn't get much of a chance to chat last night, but I hope you had fun at steak night.  It's too bad you didn't make it to Sierra's ( you could have seen a true dancing display by yours truly). 
 Paul,  So nice to hear from you.  I hope things are going great for you as well.  I'm actually going Laura Jahnke's wedding that same evening.  Otherwise, I would have loved to have gone.  Please tell Nathan I say, "hello" and wish he and his new wife the very best.  So when does school start?  And, how are the small businesses going?  Have a nice time at the wedding, Susan 
 Hey Ted,  Do I even know this guy, or has someone yet again confused me with the other Susan Scott?  Since your one of the only names on this thing I recognize, besides Margaret's, I thought I'd ask.  Susan 
 Just wondering why my ice cream and bean burritos were in the frig instead of the freezer last night....you come up with some new storage methods?  So what are you up to tonight?  Sue 
 For you.... 
 I know, I know....I dropped off the face of the earth for a while.  I've actually been in Denver all week for a Natural Gas Convention.  As for Labor Day weekend, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to make it.  I'm leaving for S. Korea next Tuesday and don't get back until the weekend before Labor Day weekend.  So issue one is, will I have enough energy to make the trip?  The other issue is a friend's wedding in Park City that same weekend.  I'd feel bad skipping her wedding but still going on a trip.  So.....I was thinking maybe it'd be better all around if I came a different weekend.  Why don't you take a look at your calendar and let me know what other dates in September look good to you.  Susan 
 Also for you.... 
 Ditto... 
 Another misdirected email..... 
 I'm sure it is...I'll just keep forwarding the emails to you as I get them.  However, I will warn you that I'm on vacation from the 14th-26th of August.  I'm going to visit my brother and his wife in S. Korea so it should be interesting.  Anyway, you may want to give a heads up to people to make sure they're sending the information to the right person.  Susan M. Scott 
 Are you going to be in Austin next weekend (the 28th)?  I'm thinking about making a trip up there to visit.  Let me know.  Sue 
 Hey...was wondering if you want to split this month's electricity bill...  Last month was $175.00, this month is $183.00 and we've also started paying for water (which was only about $20 last month).  Anyway, just let me know...I won't make the full check out now if you want to split.  Sue 
 Charles Bradley & Sally Scott 10802 Jaycreek Houston, TX 77070  I'll try giving you a call tonight just to catch up and see how things are going.  Were you planning on going walking?  Sue 
 Becca,  I am sooooo sorry I'm not going to be able to make the party.  Please give everyone my best and tell Jen I would have done everything within my power to embarass her.  I'm actually going to be in S. Korea visiting my brother and sister-in-law, so I do have a legitimate excuse.  See you at the wedding if not before.  Susan 
 I'm flying out for Korea tomorrow morning, but give me a call when you get home from your meeting...I'm sure I'll still be packing. 
 CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!!!  That's wonderful news....I think Laura is such a fantastic girl and I wish them both the very best. 
 Thanks Ash...I actually don't think I'm going to go, but if I change my mind at the last minute I will definitely take you up on it.  Talk to you soon.  We really are going to have to get together with all of the married couples roaming about... 
 If you email me while I'm out of town, go ahead and sent it to my hotmail account...susan_m_scott@hotmail.com  I will definitely do my best to make it out there before October. 
 Ina,  I keep getting this invoicing message, could you run me through getting this resolved.  Thanks, Susan 
 You've got the wrong Susan Scott...you may want to try her married name (which I, unfortunately, don't know). 
 nope...dinner...bed 
 I think it's probably a good idea not to contact Eric for a while.  Truly what purpose would it serve?  As for my work situations, they aren't that exciting but have made for some highly uncomfortable moments for me.  I'll tell you about them on my next visit.  See, I've already come up with a reason why I have to come back out there.  Please don't worry about flapping Sat night.  I certainly do not think less of you and completely agree about the life lessons part.  To tell the truth, I worry at times that I'm not learning enough of the life lessons...just kind of staying in a very safe, secure place and missing out on a big part of the overall picture.  Enough self-analysis.  Have a good evening....you should his jazz night at Epizote just for me.  Sue 
 did you finally talk to him today?  i'm definitely interested in the movie/dinner (i have a couple things in mind) but it probably won't be till around 8 o'clock or so...if that's ok with you. 
 unfortunate...but you also don't want to go getting yourself attached to someone whom you ultimately don't have enough in common with to sustain the kind of relationship you're looking for.  off the soapbox....  i'm going to the grocery store (forgot some things), the dry cleaners, running and finishing up laundry detail...so that will take up a bit of time. 
 sure....consider it done 
 Ina,  Could you send in a request for Unify and Dart for me?  Thanks, Susan 
 I think there's probably a lot of truth to the Eric theory.  The retaliatio= n/numbing afforded by using people and tossing them aside can be tempting. = My  mini-rampage after Ted was totally based upon treating any representat= ive of Ted's sex like dirt.  Fortunately, my behavior was very short-lived = and I completely recognized what I was doing.  I wouldn't worry about the l= ecturing...it happens when one has a bit to drink (that or just utter flapp= ing as in my case). =20  Thanks for the compliments, but I find it's easy to be around all of your f= riends...that whole like attracts like thing.  As for the email from Clint,= he's a cutie.  Speaking from experience I'd watch myself if I were you tho= ugh...the flirtation is fun and harmless at this point, but I get the impre= ssion that you're just Clint's type and unless you have reciprocal interest= I would just guard against things getting to be too flirtatious.  However,= if there's part of you that is curious, like I said, I think he's a great = guy.  Okay, enough of my lecturing (I've just been caught in a couple of si= tuations at work where someone decides to confess their feelings to me and = I'm forced to tell them I just don't feel the same way...something that's h= ard for them to grasp given the fact that some flirting at some point did o= ccur).  Well, I'm off to Vegas this weekend.  My guess is I won't be getting much s= leep.  Oh well, life is tough.  Susan 
 In order that people may be happy in their work, these three things are needed: they must be fit for it; they must not do too much of it; and they must have a sense of success in it. -John Ruskin, author, art critic, and social reformer (1819-1900) 
 i'm here...what's your yahoo msngr name? 
 I hate forwards...but I do like champagne. 
 Mine is sscott5_2000.  If you go to yahoo's home page you can try to instal= l it yourself (eek!!!) or use the search on your computer (go to Start..Sea= rch...For Files or Folders) and type in Yahoo Messenger.  If you still have= it on your computer it will show up in the search area and you can just do= uble click on it...that should bring it up.  I'm doing alright.  And you hit the nail on the head with the Josh comment.= ...that's exactly what I've been reminded of.  That feeling of uncertainty.= ..loss of youthful bravado, sadness, injured sense of security...all of it.= Everyone in the Scott household is fine.  Dad actually flew over NY yeste= rday morning before the first plane hit.  He was coming from Manchester, NH= .  He said is was an absolutely beautiful day and that they flew right over= Central Park...no idea how dramatically that skyline would change.  The fi= rst they heard of the events that they must have just missed was when they = landed in Nashville.  He's still in Nashville right now obviously, but he's= okay and that's what's important.  I'm hoping with the limited flights the= y're allowing that Dad will be able to make it back to Houston soon, but it= appears the FAA's just trying to get the passengers who are stranded back = home so he may just be stuck somewhere else as a result.  Chuck and Chris w= ere supposed to fly out tomorrow morning from Seoul but they too have been = delayed - indefinitely.  The Army has put a hold on all duty station transf= ers which means we have no idea when they'll be leaving Korea or where exac= tly Chuck will be going.  The stories and connections of the people on the = news and those around me is horrifying and deeply saddening.  A large numbe= r of people we do business with are based in NY and have lost countless fri= ends and colleagues in the WTC's destruction.  Chuck has some pledge brothe= r's who are working up there, but we've heard that both of them are okay.= =20  I wish you were back home as well....I was on the phone with my Mom off and= on all day yesterday and I must say it would've been nice to been back hom= e on the couch with her.  I did talk to Jen yesterday worried about LA and = what was going on there, but she was fine as well.  She said they'd shut do= wn the airport and several major roads surrounding it, but nothing else of = concern.  We evacuated the Enron building around 9:30 yesterday morning...it was disc= oncerting.  I walked down the 32 flights of stairs to get to my parking gar= age and had only one desire...to get out of downtown.  There were rumors fl= ying that Houston was another target and given the size of our building, ou= r international presence (esp. in regards to oil/natural gas) and our CEO's= connections to the President...I think everyone figured Enron would be a l= ogical target.  Fortunately, those fears were unfounded.  On a lighter note...I'm very anxious to hear all about your marathon experi= ence...including the trip there.  Sounds like it was a doozey.  Love ya, Sue 
 Please tell me you're safe and well in San Diego....I just got to thinking of you and the possibility that you'd be flying between DC and LA. 
   > > > > This, from a Canadian newspaper, no less, is worth sharing. > > > > > > America: The Good Neighbor. > > > > > > Widespread but only partial news coverage was given recently to >a > > > remarkable editorial broadcast from Toronto by Gordon Sinclair, >a > > > Canadian television commentator. What follows is the full text >of his > > > trenchant > > > remarks as printed in the Congressional Record: > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > "This Canadian thinks it is time to speak up for the > > > Americans as the most generous and possibly the least > > > appreciated people on all the earth. > > > > > > Germany, Japan and, to a lesser extent, Britain and > > > Italy were lifted out of the debris of war by the Americans who >poured > > > in > > > billions of dollars and forgave other billions in debts. None >of these > > > countries is today paying even the interest on its remaining >debts to > > > the United States. > > > > > > When France was in danger of collapsing in 1956, it was the >Americans >who > > > propped it up, and their reward was to be insulted and swindled >on the > > > streets of Paris. I was there. I saw it. > > > > > > When earthquakes hit distant cities, it is the United States >that >hurries > > > in to help. This spring, 59 American communities were flattened >by > > > tornadoes. Nobody helped. > > > > > > The Marshall Plan and the Truman Policy pumped billions of >dollars into > > > discouraged countries. Now newspapers in those countries are >writing > > > about the decadent, warmongering Americans. > > > > > > I'd like to see just one of those countries that is gloating >over the > > > erosion of the United States dollar > > > build its own airplane. Does any other country in the world >have a plane > > to > > > equal the Boeing Jumbo Jet, the Lockheed Tri-Star, or the >Douglas DC10? >If > > > so, why don't they fly them? Why do all the International lines >except > > > Russia fly American Planes? > > > > > > Why does no other land on earth even consider putting a man or >woman on > > the > > > moon? You talk about Japanese technocracy, and you get radios. >You talk > > > about German technocracy, and you get automobiles. You talk >about >American > > > > > technocracy, and you find men on the moon - not once, but >several times > > > and safely home again. > > > > > > You talk about scandals, and the Americans put theirs > > > right in the store window for everybody to look at. Even their > > > draft-dodgers are not pursued and hounded. They are here on our >streets, > > > and most of them, unless they are breaking Canadian laws, are >getting > > > American dollars from ma and pa at home to spend here. > > > > > > When the railways of France, Germany and India were > > > breaking down through age, it was the Americans who rebuilt >them. When > > > the Pennsylvania Railroad and the New York Central went broke, >nobody > > > loaned > > > them an old caboose. Both are still broke. > > > > > > I can name you 5000 times when the Americans raced to the help >of other > > > people in trouble. Can you name me even one time when someone >else raced > > > to the Americans in trouble? I don't think there was outside >help even > > > during the San Francisco earthquake. > > > > > > Our neighbors have faced it alone, and I'm one Canadian who is >tired > > > of hearing them get kicked around. They will come out of this >thing with > > > their flag high. And when they do, they are entitled to thumb >their nose > > > at the lands that are gloating over their present troubles. I >hope >Canada > > > is not one of those." > > > > > > Stand proud, America! > > > > > > +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ > > > > > > This is one of the best editorials that I have ever read >regarding the > > > United States. It is nice that one man realizes it. I only wish >that the > > > rest of the world would realize it. We are always blamed for >everything, > > > and never even get a thank you for the things we do. > > > > > > Maybe each of you can send this to at least one person > > > and they might send it to one of their friends until this >letter is sent > > > to every person on the web. I am just a single American that >has read > > > this. > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > >  Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com 
 Hate to be the party pooper but, based on the events today and this entire week, a shot contest is the last thing on my mind. 
 don't know...not positive i'm going....i'll give you a call when i'm about to leave the building 
 no offense taken and i'm agreed on the camaraderie aspect...just don't think excessive drinking is an appropriate response.  and, though i don't think you intended to, please don't EVER imply that i would crawl in a corner and be afraid...not in my nature 
 that's exactly the sense of pride in ourselves and our country we need to be displaying right now....go for it!!! 
 The original message is encrypted using Lotus Notes Public and Private Key security.  Encrypted messages cannot be migrated to Microsoft Exchange Server. 
 was debating sleeping but don't think i have a choice now...however, due to early morning run i will only be there briefly 
 odds are you're on the internet right now b/c the hillegeist phone is busy....you are impossible to get a hold of, i must have called 10 times yesterday to no avail.  give me a buzz at work when you get a chance 713-853-1455.  lisa said she emailed you about dinner sometime before you leave, as if without her aid i wouldn't have seen you this visit...ha...anyway, talk to you soon.  Sue 
 Say they make the offer....what then? 
 evidently only for a select few 
 this sucks....can't nom until the internet's up  how much would someone have s**t bricks if'd i'd made the same request....actually, the thought of that email response (or lack thereof) is making me laugh right now. 
 here's the deal on the arm:  just got bk from france late mon night- had lots of fun, race was ok, but looooong.  triped on harry potter's cape and had to go in ambulance to emergency room to get x-rays on my arm at the finish line.  quel surpris- sustain injury to my arm while running a marathon.  as for tomorrow...talked to Em this morning and she's on her way to NB to meet with the tile people.  said she'd be back either late tonight or early tomorrow morning.  as for tomorrow night, she's waiting to see about grandparents, etc. but may be able to meet if it's early....she's supposed to give me a call later so i'll let her know about the colina's thing  sue 
 i just know how big you are on feeling you owe people sometimes....i just think you have to remove that a bit here 
 that sounds like a very good plan 
 you look very intense....what happened to the pwr meeting? 
 like the pendulum would be anything different after one of those...i was considering a position as fry master at Mc D's   i now completely understand suzanne's comments about condescension....i feel it non-stop.  the "watch out"..."maybe i should get my resume together" comments are rubbing me the WRONG way.  i need to give thomas a call...i feel a boxing urge coming on 
 What's the scoop golf-pro?  Are you in for tonight?  FYI:  The weather is gorgeous outside. 
 you would think...the 1st time you hear the comment....but those have been made now with careless abandon..everyday...regardless of whether i'm doing good, bad or even breathing 
 i think i'd make an excellent ski bunny...  fun, likes the outdoors/being active, loves the water (i.e. hot tubs) and can top anyone in the "roaring fire/glass of merlot" department. 
 that would look great on an application...  how do you feel you've prepared for a career in foreign service?  i served people from all over the world booze during their ski trips.... 
 why don't you figure out what the heck you're doing before you try to rope me into something 
 you watch....20 yrs...i'll still be in the same desk...i'll be larry...stuck 
 either....the man is one, giant stress ball....lost hair, overweight....just look what i have to look forward to 
 sometimes fate plays a little bit of a hand.....but for the most part i agree 
 I was hoping you could email me a list of eligible caterers.  Thanks, Susan Scott 
 em's with the grandparents tonight...so she's out for dinner...said maybe next week.  still don't know when i'll be getting out of here. 
 Check out  the Southwest website if you get a chance...it's got all the data.  I'm going for lowest cost on this sucker if we go, so I may have to forego the fancy hotel in favor of whatever's part of the package.  That way I can spend more on food and drinks.  We can definitely look into a mother/daughter trip. 
 also...just b/c india may be out doesn't mean the possibility of leaving ceases to exists...remember that 
 They don't mention India in the 5th paragraph....trying to look on the bright side...:) 
 what's your extension...it's not in the computer 
 if you're on the internet, call me when you are off.....  Sue 
 so...talked to emily last night and here's the deal...  she left sometime this morning to go to round top for a big antiques fair and will be spending the night in NB tonight....  no one has talked to katy as of yet to see if she's going to austin this weekend or not.....  emily talked to matt and he said he was out for doing anything this weekend, but that next weekend would be good...and i think one of emily's pledge sisters and her boyfriend/his friends may try to meet emily in NB next weekend....so it looks like next weekend in NB is a definite gathering....  as for this weekend....depending on work today, which will suck, i may try to drive to NB tonight and spend the night there...i have a feeling i'm going to be relegated to LOTS of family time on saturday and sunday in austin b/c tons of family/friends are coming to the game this weekend and want to spend time with chris and chuck....therefore, if you want to go to NB as well tonight we could certainly ride up together but i'd check w/ emily about a ride back to h-town b/c there's no telling when i'll get out of there on sunday....  either give me a call later or email me back w/ your thoughts...  sue 
 are you going to the game tomorrow night?  i'll be in town...wanted to see what your weekend looks like.  emily may be going as well....she'd in town  sue 
 Analyst....as far as I know 
 I'm having prblms again....surprise, suprise. 
 Hey girls,  Just wanted to let you guys know that Southwest has vacation specials to New Mexico right now.  I priced up a 4 day/ 3 night trip with air/hotel/car to Albuquerque (we'd have to drive to Sante Fe...not bad, I've done it) and it came out to about $255 a person.  Personally, I think this is a really good price.  I was just wondering if there was genuine interest in taking this trip and if so what the best time would be to go.  We could also check on getting flights from LA for Kasey and Jen.  Anyway, drop me a line when you guys get a chance and let me know if I need to keep doing more research.  I was figuring we could leave in a Thursday and come back on a Sunday.  Talk to you soon, Sue  P.S.  Katy...my friend Julie's email address is julieg@qualcomm.com.  I'm sure she'd be happy to answer questions. 
 sorry i didn't get back to you sooner this week about dinner, but things have been crazy.  my brother and wife left yesterday to drive to kentucky and their new base so most of my free time was spent with family....  susan 
 Lisa,  This article's pretty good and it does mention India in some context, so I thought you might be interested.  The India comment is several paragraphs in to the article.  http://www.msnbc.com/news/639344.asp?pne=msn  Sue 
 any luck w/ my paycheck 
 okay, i haven't made a check out yet if you still want to pay this one.  i can bring it home tonight....wow on the priya thing, that really stinks.... 
 Rumor has it you went and got engaged....I'm so excited for you and Brendan....  I'm going to have to give you a call sometime so I can hear all of the details.  Still want to come and visit if I can....  Love, Susan 
 home number: 713-622-2788 cell number:    713-775-6472  tonight would be great...should be home no later than 7pm Houston time  mailing address:	3805 W. Alabama #3308 Houston, TX 77027  can't wait to chat....there are some really cheap tickets to san diego right now....i'm getting the urge to jet set. 
 know i'm extremely late on the response...but i'd be thrilled to hit the mucky duck...let me know if there's anything i can do to help out  thx, Susan 
 i sustained injuries from friday night....two minor scratches on my index finger due to the cat, and a sore neck from head banging to limp bizkit....think mo suffered from the neck injury as well....hope your roomie wasn't irritated by the ruckus. 
 that's amazing....i hit his door at least 10 times w/ Murphy's toy....i'm guessing he'd had a few cocktails too....  btw...shame on your for trying to get me to go in there as a joke....i almost did, until i remembered i'm not in college anymore and this guy works at my company...course that all came to me in a flash as i was turning the door knob.  you were doing a little nodding off yourself....that couch was a trap 
 Wrong Susan again...try typing sscott3@enron.com (that's her short email address)...mine is sscott5@enron.com.  If you see the middle initial "M" pop up in the address, you've got the wrong Susan Scott.  Thanks 
 nice.... 
 i'm so hurt...you deleted me?  :(  it's:    sscott5_2000 
 joefreid: There is a new MBA guy doing a rotation in Trading, his name is Edmund Gaither...have you met him?  Very large, strong looking guy joefreid: infectious laugh joefreid: I went to Tuck with him TXsscott5: no....do you know what trading group? joefreid: I'll ask him when i can get him on the phone again.  Monique's name was familiar...I think he just started in whatever group he is in TXsscott5: hm....but he's on the gas floor? joefreid: I think...but not sure, will find out TXsscott5: ok...i can probably track him down.... TXsscott5: mo thinks i was a search dog in a former life joefreid: haha joefreid: are you one of those people that can find anything on the internet in less than 2 minutes? TXsscott5: y TXsscott5: :-) TXsscott5: had a huge debate at work yesterday TXsscott5: is there such a thing as too much water....for consumption purposes TXsscott5: i was battling almost everyone claiming that the law of diminishing returns applies even to good, old-fashioned water joefreid: personally? or from a macroeconomic sense (property rights in the West, blah, blah, blah TXsscott5: personally, as in water in-take into the human body TXsscott5: and there is such a thing....and it can cause a condition known as water intoxication... TXsscott5: it's so gratifying to be right ; TXsscott5: ;-) joefreid: yes, I buy into the law of diminishing returns.  I've heard of water intoxication and I agree with your assessment joefreid: that doesn't mean you are right joefreid: though TXsscott5: why not? joefreid: my bad...because you found info on Water Intoxification you are right.  I though you were saying b/c i agreed with you, you were right TXsscott5: oh...ha TXsscott5: people were attacking me...saying, "no amount of water can be bad for you" etc. etc. TXsscott5: and i replied, "at some point your body can't process the water...the system has to overload" joefreid: too much of anything is bad for you....way to overpower them with your tremendous intellect TXsscott5: ha TXsscott5: thx TXsscott5: i think i've scared them all know TXsscott5: now joefreid: Cow them into submission TXsscott5: i always do....could be why i've heard the words, "you're intimidating" more than once in my lifetime TXsscott5: oh well....i gotta be me joefreid: not necessarily a bad thing....when used in moderation joefreid: Law of Diminishing Returns again...it is everywhere TXsscott5: ha TXsscott5: so true TXsscott5: seriously though....i may have issues w/ challenges and/or the gauntlet being thrown down....i hate being wrong, but i'd rather be wrong than not know the correct answer joefreid: ...so as long as you can gain the knowledge you are ok? joefreid: insatiable intellectual curiosity? TXsscott5: oh, i'll be a little bitter for a while that i was wrong...but i get over it and then i have the knowledge from there on out...so i come out ahead joefreid: ...I am the guy that will look out the airplane window and marvel how the "wing" provides lift.  The physics of it all and who in the world came up with that? TXsscott5: that one still gets me TXsscott5: i mean, really....how cool is that TXsscott5: this giant heap of metal....airborne TXsscott5: i took the aviation ground course in college as an elective joefreid: is it and extrapolation of Bernoulli's Principle joefreid: ? TXsscott5: ok...engineer talking to business major TXsscott5: heard of the principle...but couldn't define it for you TXsscott5: ;( TXsscott5: :-( joefreid: i realize the whole greater distance over the top of the wing creates a faster wind velocity above than below the wing and therefore causes a pressure differential (low above, high below and this "lifts" the wing.  But it the newtons of lift is dependent upon the shape of the wing, the airflow over it, etc... TXsscott5: ok.....i'm officially impressed....my dad could talk to you for HOURS joefreid: That is why for the longest time, maybe even still today, the wings are the most difficult aspect of the plane to reproduce.  Other countries would love for Boeing to outsource the construction of the wing so they could learn how to make it. joefreid: I'm sure your father would shame me TXsscott5: no....i doubt, but it would make for some interesting discussion 
 Hey Cindy,  I went out to the web-site for the 20K to check my official time and I'm not listed anywhere.  I have a feeling something could have been confused with my number switch, etc.  Do you have any idea who I might contact to get that information?  Thanks, Susan 
 hey lis....  i'm sorry i was late last night and not in full party mode, i too was in a bit of a mood.  anyway, was going to see if you wanted anything special for dinner tonight.  i thought maybe i could cook something and that we could do presents etc while watching the ever popular felicity.  let me know how your day is looking and if there is anything i can prepare/pick up tonight that strikes your fancy....i'd be happy to grab berry-hill as well if that would hit the spot.  sue  Happy Birthday again!!! 
 i can't the weekend of the 10th b/c of a 25K...but maybe the 3rd 
 Just wanted to say, "thanks gals" for dinner last night.  To be honest with you I had had a pretty bad day and the rest of the week hadn't been much better, but I had a really good time last night....I forget sometimes how nice it is to share so many great memories with old friends.  Not to get too sappy, but I really treasure our friendships and I'm not sure you all realize how much i depend on you guys.  I know it's rarely overt, but I've leaned on the stability and solidness of our friendships on countless occasions and just don't know what I'd do without that safety net to trust in when things are rough.  Sue 
 hey....just an fyi, we talked last night...conversation took less than 5 mins and i think somehow whatever i needed to hear was said, or not said if that makes any sense.  anyway, i'm definitely up for a drink tonight as well as shutting this door behind me and keeping an eye open for the next one ahead.  .....the guy actually said that he was "bummed"....that choice of words did wonders for me....i mean, you get bummed they don't make your favorite candy bar anymore or b/c you had a disappointing meal....it's just not enough that someone be "bummed" by the prospect of never being with me again.  talk to you later, SueBob 
 good luck w/ the car shopping!!!  i'm anxious to hear what transpires...  as for me, i was off last night and maybe if we have some time this weekend i can fill you in on what's happened to me over the course of this week.  but the bright spot in the whole thing is that dinner last night reminded me of the person i've been and how far i've come in the last 10 or so years of my life...and i think it gave me the extra shove, push or whatever you want to call it to really end the rotten situation i've been mired in.  i don't know that the dinner was to blame completely for my sudden "illness", b/c a large portion of it may have been psychological...i had an appointment for a final chat last night, and i think i was getting sick just thinking about doing what i had to do...but i did it, on my terms and there weren't any warm fuzzies or expressions of disappointment on my part and i rejected his suggestion of a shift to friendship....so there it is, now it just up to me to "stay sober" so to speak and kick the habit for good.  talk to you soon, Sue 
 look at you...such a hoax spreader...ha  anyway, i was so busy yesterday i didn't have a chance to do anything about it anyway. so no harm, no foul.  how are you doing?  as for Enron, as you well know our stock's not doing so great these days, but i'm not overly stressed...we are still a sound company and shouldn't have any difficulty rebounding from this to a certain extent....i'm actually thinking about buying in to a greater extent at these levels.  can't wait to hear how your preparations are coming along...for the wedding and the move.  btw, have you set a firm date yet?  talk to you soon, Susan 
 Sorry about the last email...hadn't read this one yet. 
 I got this a while ago from my dad, but i found it so moving i thought i should share it with all of you. 
 TOBIN!!!!!......i was deceased, but i have arisen from the ashes....HOW ARE YOU?  I want to hear all about the UK and how you are fairing there.  If i can manage, it I'd love to make a trip over there and see your pad, etc.  Sorry you never managed to meet up with emily, but she was actually in the US when you emailed and then only back in London for about a week to pack up and head home.  So you need to give me a kind of schedule for where you're going to be and when...(i.e. UK vs. US for holidays and what not).  If you have a Messenger account let me know...i'd love to chat "real-time" with you.  Susan  BTW:  I'll be in Portland mid-November for work...if you happen to be home then, I'd love to see you...otherwise, any suggestions would be much welcomed. 
 Hit really close to home for my particular tribe..... 
 figured out what it is that grates on me w/ smith.....he is monumentally patronizing to me....and i REALLY don't like being talked down to or made to feel inferior....if i'm not on my guard, my reactions to this behavior run the risk of being swift and strong.... 
 just put it in the outgoing mail....should be good to go...  hope you're feeling better today 
 didn't want to add minutes to the cell phone bill so i'm emailing....just wanted to make sure you're feeling ok today.  talk to you later. 
 http://www.fortune.com/indexw.jhtml?channel=artcol.jhtml&doc_id=205595 
 nice 
 Are you sure you have the right Susan Scott?  If this is for Click at Home, I've already received my computer.  Try the Susan Scott with legal...her extension is 30596.  Thanks 
 fill me in on your work schedule for the next 2 weeks if you please...checking some stuff out right now....contemplating a visit 
 Hey Edith,  Jennifer wanted me to let you know that she's having a little soiree Friday evening around 7 pm...Very casual, but feel free to bring others.  Hopefully we'll see you there, Susan 
 At her place....I'm not sure of the exact address, but if you need that information I can certainly get it for you. 
 smith, pallen and others are talking about a ski-trip ASAP....as in leaving this weekend.  and smith has recommended visiting you in Deer Valley.  just wanted to give you some sort of fore-warning on the matter.  chat w/ you later, SueBob  ps - he has also said he may stay longer...eek! 
 Hey Holly,  Just wanted to drop you a line and let you know how happy I was that we were able to get together for lunch on Saturday.  I really enjoyed meeting you and hearing about your experiences in Seattle thus far.  Hope all is going well with you and that you continue to enjoy your new home.  Susan 
 hey bonnie!!!  how are you doing?  i just had dinner w/ lisa last night and some of the UT girls here in houston.  she's was so excited to hear that we hung out as much as we did last weekend.  I wanted to write and thank you again for being such a gracious host...i had the BEST time hanging out and fell in love with Seattle all over again.  it is truly a fantastic city.  hope all is well with you, and i'm continuing to explore the possibility of joining you and Holly in the Emerald City.  have a wonderful holiday season, susan 
 hey emily,  was just wondering what you're going to be up to this weekend...found a pretty good deal to boston and was thinking about making a trip to visit....totally last minute thing obviously.  if i did it, i'd get in saturday evening and leave either monday or tuesday...drop me a line when you get a chance.  susan 
 hey emily,  was just wondering what you're going to be up to this weekend...found a pretty good deal to boston and was thinking about making a trip to visit....totally last minute thing obviously.  if i did it, i'd get in saturday evening and leave either monday or tuesday...drop me a line when you get a chance.  susan 
 Hi Sarah,  So nice to here from you....  I'm actually still employed right now, but don't have a heck of a lot to do around here.  We're all in somewhat of a holding pattern, waiting to see what happens with the bankruptcy etc.  Hope all is well with you!  I haven't made any real decisions regarding my living situation.  My roommate and I have movers coming the weekend before Christmas and as of right now I had just planned on moving back in with the folks...on a temporary basis of course!  Anyway, I'm just not really sure where I'll be 2 or 3 months from now, so I'm obviously reluctant to sign any long term leases etc.  If a temporary roommate is something you guys would be interested in I'd certainly like to discuss the prospect w/ you...but I would also completely understand if you'd prefer to get somebody in there who's more permanent.  My number at work is 713-853-1455 and home is 713-622-2788....  Talk to you soon, Susan 
 once, a long time ago, i think you copied some words of wisdom for me from = the Importance of Living...if it wasn't you it's not important, because the= point is that i recently found them again and reread them today.  i think = you should read them too, if not for the first time, then again and with fr= esh eyes....  "the ancient people who desired to have a clear moral harmony in the world = would first order their national life; those who desired to order their nat= ional life would first regulate their home life; those who desired to regul= ate their home life would first cultivate their personal lives; those who d= esired to cultivate their personal lives would first set their hearts right= ; those who desired to set their hearts right, would first make their wills= sincere; those who desired to make their wills sincere would first arrive = at understanding; understanding comes from the exploration of knowledge of = things.  when the knowledge of things in gained, then understanding is reac= hed; when understanding is reached, then the will is sincere; when the will= is sincere, then the heart is set right; when the heart is set right, then= the personal life is cultivated; when the personal life is cultivated, the= n the home life is regulated; when the home life is regulated the national = life is orderly; and when the national life is orderly, then the world is a= t peace.  from the emperor down to the common man, the cultivation of the p= ersonal life is the foundation for all.  it is impossible that when the fou= ndation is disorderly, the superstructure can be orderly.  there has never = been a tree whose trunk is slender and whose top branches are heavy and str= ong.  there is a cause and a sequence in things, and a beginning and end in= human affairs.  to know the order of precedence is to have the beginning o= f wisdom."  right now i think both of us are at the beginning, i.e. "exploration of kno= wledge of things"...and i think the "things" in this instance refer to thos= e "things" in the past year which have dumb-founded us each individually.  = i know you want to get to those heavy and strong top branches (and i think = to a large extent children and caring for your partner in old age represent= those branches for you), but they will not come without the trunk...you ca= n't jump the sequence of things.  now is the time for exploration, and i be= lieve you are well on your way in that regard, but above all you must remem= ber that time is the key...and that you can't rush yourself in this process= .  hope the skiing is great and i will talk to you soon.  SueBob 
 Disregard the last bit of the previous email...I tracked down a ride. 
 Phillip,  Here's the power point presentation with updated information. 
 hey sarah,  thanks for the update...i was going to let you know that i'm heading out to= my parents tonight to help decorate the Christmas tree, but maybe i can co= me by one day this week to check out the house.  just let me know what day = or days would work best for you.  thanks again for thinking of me,  Susan 
 I decided to go ahead and come in to the office.  You can contact me via this email address or at 713-853-1455.  Thank you, Susan Scott 
 thought you'd find this interesting.....  chrysalis (KRIS-uh-lis) noun, plural chrysalises or chrysalides (kri-SAL-i-deez)  A pupa of a moth or butterfly, enclosed in a cocoon.  [From Latin chrysallis, from Greek.]  "The climax of metamorphosis into an adult can be viewed almost daily. Butterflies usually emerge from their chrysalises sometime between 9:30 a.m. and 11:30 a.m." William Allen, Where Beauty Flutters By, The St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Jul 23, 1995. 
 http://www.nd.edu/~crosenbe/jobs.html  thought you might find this interesting.... 
 Julie,  I've been having some difficulty accessing my Hotmail account and therefore have been unable to check for your response to my last email.  If you don't mind, could you resend the response to this email account.  Look forward to speaking with you again soon.  Thank you and Happy New Year, Susan Scott 
 Hope you had a good New Year!!!  Talk to you soon, Susan 
 Hey....my phone's not on at the apt anymore...therefore i'm only checking Hotmail at my folks.  If you want to reach me quicker, i'd recommend the enron address...i should be back to daily access with hotmail shortly.  Hope you had a great New Year!!!!  SueBob 
 So.....  I'm doing my post New Year's check to see when and if you want another visitor.  As I told you before, I am COMPLETELY flexible in regards to this weekend vs. some other time (and actually, I'm probably more flexible than just the weekend...things are still dead around here).  You just have to tell me yeah or neah.  I feel like you might need to share a good bottle of wine with a good friend and just release.  Let me know how your schedule is looking and whether you're up to hosting one more visitor to your fair city.  SueBob 
 Ok my dear....you just tell me when a good time is for me to visit and we'll go from there.  i got your x-mas present last night.  thank you very much, i'm anxious to start reading it.  if you do check email today, give me a shout back.  we can have an old fashioned email chat.  i'm worried about you mo.  i've been praying for you, for all that you're struggling with...but i'm stepping it up double time.  please don't completely retreat inside yourself right now...that doesn't mean you need to talk to me, but talk to someone.  love, SueBob 
 Thanks for the help! 
 and mo....i don't need to ski, or be active, or be entertained...  if you have some time off and you just want a shoulder...i can be on a plane whenever. 
 Hi Julie,  Thanks for resending the message.  I shouldn't have too much difficulty arranging travel, but I wanted to run a few things by you first.  It seems to me that it would be preferable to fly in Thursday evening, therefore freeing myself up to come in Friday at whatever time of day best suits yourself and the rest of the group.  If no one minds, it might even be nice to see some of the activity on the desk during cash trading.  Also, I anticipate staying through the weekend to see a bit more of the city and surrounding areas, but plan to cover those expenses myself.  If all of this is acceptable to you just let me know and I will begin making all of the necessary reservations.  I look forward to seeing you and meeting the rest of the group.  If you need to contact me for any reason, my mobile is the most reliable way to reach me...713-775-6472.  Thanks again, Susan Scott 
 Hey Bonnie,  Wanted to wish you a Happy New Year, and let you know that I'm Seattle bound one more time.  I have an office visit on the 11th of January so I should be getting in on the 10th and staying through the 13th.  Hopefully you're going to be in town and able to do something during that time.  Let me know how your schedule is looking.  Can't wait to see you again.  Who knows, this could be the precursor to an actual move...eek!  See ya, Susan 
 Hey old married woman....what's up!?  I got your x-mas card...that was too cute.  I hope all is well with you and that you had a fantastic New Year.  I'm also glad you and Matt liked your wedding gift...I absolutely LOVED that pitcher.  I knew I wanted to get that for you the second I saw it, really too cool.  (Didn't hurt that my parents wanted to pitch in on the gift.)  Anyway, I really just wanted to touch base and see how life's been treating you and your new hubby.  I had a good Christmas w/ family and an EXTREMELY low key New Year - which was definitely ok w/ me.  Hope to see you soon, Susan 
 just an fyi...  it's about 4:15 houston time and i'm planning on being at the office for a while (like maybe a couple more hours)...so, if you wanted to track me down i'd try here first.  i'm studying...ha. 
 I just realized that I hadn't emailed you yet...shame on me.  Em and I (yes, it was just the two of us in NB...oh the shame) tried to call you on New Year's Eve, but you had already checked out of your room and I assume were staying with Priyah (I know I butchered that) whose last name I do not know.  Anyway, I did talk to your Mom the day you arrived in Madras and knew you were there safe and sound w/ a new friend too boot!  Hope you're doing okay and starting to adjust to the new surroundings.  Email me when you get a chance and let me know all about your trip.  Good Luck and talk to you soon, Sue 
 I'm kind of between places right now, so it's probably best to just send things to my parents house  10802 Jaycreek Houston, TX 77070  and I would suggest trying to reach me via my cell phone:  713-775-6472  i guess i'll see you at the next tasters!!! 
 forgot to tell you....  talked to Jennifer Bagwell yesterday and...she and Christian got engaged on the 28th.  she's very excited and sounded genuinely happy.  just thought i'd fill you in some good news.  and, yes, i do think it's a good thing.  also, i'm sure tori sent you an email...but, yesterday was her last day w/ ENE.  i'm truly thrilled for her too.  i think this is going to be a very good thing.  hasta 
 this quote just fell out of one of my spirals....  "The timid and fearful first failures dismay, but the stout heart stays trying by night and by day.  He values his failures as lessons that teach the one way to get to the goal he would reach."  --- Edgar A. Guest 
 Ok...my capitalization skills in that last email were horrible...I was checking it before I realized the next click would actually send the message...my apologies. 
 Any interest in going to the Rockets game tonight.  I have free tickets and it may be Hakeem's last game.  Let me know.  Sue 
 Hey Lisa...good to hear from you.  Hope all is well.  I assume you didn't get the other email I sent.  No biggie.  Just wrote to say Em and I tried to call NY's Eve, but you had already checked out of your room.  I guess you were staying with Priyah (sp?) at that point.  Talk to you soon!!!! Sue 
 so obviously i decided against coming up this weekend...ha.  on the one hand i thought it be nice to hang out today and have a little distraction before your apt., but then i thought it might be better for you to have the day to reflect, prep, etc.  anyways, just wanted to see how you're doing and since you do have the day off i figured you'd be popping into the cafe at some point.  got an email from Lisa...so she is at the school and sounded ok.  it was a short mass email.  hope to getter a longer one at a later date.  talk to you soon, SueBob 
 i'm a total dork....before my last trip to seattle i sent away for the visitor bureau's tourist packet...  anyway, i was looking through it this weekend and it turns out i actually have a coupon for the symphony.  nothing big, something like 10% off, but i'd just thought i'd let you know.  hope you had a great weekend and i'll talk to you soon, Susan  btw...i also have coupons for the IMAX and some other attractions. 
 hey there chickie....  it's about 3:00 Houston time and i'm bored out of my mind at the office...no big shock.  i'll be impressed if i make it to 3:30...  so, i was just going to let you know that i'm probably bolting out of here relatively soon.  however, i've found a restaurant that has a little section w/ 2 computers and a couch that i make go crab a cup of coffee at later.  my point being that if you email me back today i probably will have a chance to check it.  if i don't chat w/ you today, i'm sure we'll touch base at some point tomorrow.  and, on that note i hope things go well tomorrow morning.  talk to you later, SueBob 
 hey i'm back at the office now....and if you're going to be back at 3:00 my time i'll just stick around.  glad to here things went well.  i'm running to the loo, i'll be back in a few minutes if you're still there... 
 ok....i'm back at the desk.  just reread your email and realized you're actually working at the cafe tonight...cool.  as for the apt., the first really was bound to be more of a meet-and-greet, lay the groundwork situation so maybe it's just as well is was shorter.  next week you'll be able to actually start examining things w/ her a bit more rather than merely establishing a starting point.  i was reading a bunch of my "With God All Things are Possible" book last night and there was a passage that just totally hit home with me which referenced Jesus' reaction to a sinner who approached him.  "he neither condoned nor condemned the sin, he understood it".....it think this is such an important perspective to gain not only in reacting to those around you but almost more importantly to yourself. (bear in mind that this is primarily me talk'n to me, but i thought you might take something away from it as well)  like i said, i'm gonna stick around here for a while and then i will, of course, have the cell phone.  good luck kick'n the cold.  SueBob  PS - if you need a non-drinking partner at the "annual party" i'm in.... 
 doubt you're checking this before work...but if you are, i'm still at the office 
 hey mo....how's it going?  hope you had a good day at work today, mine was boring as usual.  just wanted to let you know that i thought i might try to give you a call tonight and fill you in on my plans for seattle.  i really feel like i have no idea how this whole thing will pan out, and i'm getting more nervous as friday approaches.  oh well, c'est la vie right?  i've been trying to freshen up on things and be a little more on top of my game...but it's tough.  i've agreed to be out of my apt. by the end of the day Monday...saves me about $250, but then the commute starts...yuck!!!!!!!!!!!!  talk to you later, Susan 
 hey...  i actually just filled my change of address form out this morning...i figured you'd already done yours.  i'm leaving for the airport straight from work tonight and don't get back until sunday night.  i can fill it out monday, but if you would like it done before then you may want to try and tap someone else for the job.  the reason monday is important is b/c someone wants to rent our place and i've told the complex that i'll be completely out by the end of the day monday.  so starting monday night i'm back in northwest houston and w/out a mail key.  on the bright side, i'm getting a fair amount of money back from the january rent (which means we're cool rent wise, i.e. you needn't give me any $ for january).  i do have an interview in seattle tomorrow morning...i'm nervous and excited.  i've been studying a bunch for the last week and a half or so to try and prep myself.  i think i'm more nervous about not liking the job rather that liking it or not doing well in the interview.  also, i'm going to see "kiss me kate" the musical w/ my friend up there so that should be fun.  i'm glad to hear that things seem to be going so well for you there, you sound awfully busy.  keep us posted on all your many activities.  Sue  -- i knew you were going to take like a fish to water w/ this thing.....never should've worried so much. 
 Hi Julie,  I just wanted to touch base with you one last time before I arrive in Seattle and make sure that I have the correct time and location for our meeting.  As we discussed, I intend to arrive at your offices at 9:00 am Friday morning.  To reconfirm, you are located on the 15th floor of the One Bellevue Center Building (411 108th Avenue N.E. Bellevue, WA 98004).  I will be staying in downtown Seattle Thursday night and will have my cell phone if you need to reach me for any reason - (713) 775-6472.  I look forward to meeting and talking with you tomorrow.  Susan 
 Sounds good to me. 
 Hey Holly,  Just wanted to let you know that I'll be back in Seattle this weekend (tonight - Sunday morn).  Not sure what you're up to, but if our schedules allow it'd be nice to see you again and hang out.  I'm staying at the Claremont downtown and will have my cell phone w/ me (713) 775-6472.  Talk to you soon, Susan 
 Hey Holly,  I wanted to thank you for including Bonnie and myself Saturday night...we both had a great time.  It actually meant a lot to me to have such a fun evening w/ almost total strangers, makes the prospect of moving up there a little less daunting.  You have a nice group of friends, and I will definitely draw on both yours and their expertise on where to live, etc. should I end up moving.  Hopefully I will know some more in a week or so...and when I do I will definitely give you a shout and let you know how things are playing out.  Talk to you soon, Susan 
 we need to chat....didn't know about the other cafe!!!!  that's awesome.  can't wait to hear more. 
 hey mojo...  sry about the missed call last night...had put my cell on silent mode for dinner and forgot to take it off.  hope you had a good night.  i really want to talk to you about the last week or so, sounds as if was an eventful one for both of us.  i'm really curious to hear how your appointment went today so drop me a line if you get a chance today and we can set up a firm time to have a rap session.  hasta, SueBob 
 Julie,  I just wanted to write and thank you again for affording me the opportunity to visit with you and all the other members of the  Puget trading team.  It was unfortunate we were unable to meet again before my departure so that I could have expressed the above in person, but email will have to suffice.  I very much enjoyed meeting with John, Mark, Dana and yourself, as well as with the other members of the gas and power staff.  You have a unique operation and one which appears to have many untapped opportunities that will undoubtedly make your time with the company fairly interesting for the foreseeable future.  I wish you the best of luck in your endeavors and look forward to speaking with you again in the future.  I went ahead and mailed all of my travel information, including receipts, to Jaquelyn Lewis as see was mentioned as the travel contact in one of your previous emails.  If there are any other measures I need to take on that front please let me know.  My previous difficulties with my other email service have been resolved.  Therefore, all of my future contact will most likely be through that email address.  In light of this, I simply ask that you direct any future email correspondence to:  susan_m_scott@hotmail.com  Once again thank you, Susan Scott 
 "Big" performances I'd like to/be willing to see:  Dixie Chicks (2/12)  Lyle Lovett and Martina McBride (2/18)  Emmylou Harris, Alison Krauss, Patty Loveless and Nickel Creek (2/23)  Willie Nelson and Lee Ann Womack (2/26)  "Legends of Rodeo Houston in Concert" (3/2)....really, how can we miss this one?  George Straight (3/3)  Lesser knowns/has beens at other venues:  Statler Brothers (1/17,1/18)   -  Galveston Oprea House  Kenny Rogers (2/2)   -  Arena Theatre 
 so i'm back at home w/ the folks...i don't see this lasting too long.  mom woke me up this morning to see if i needed to get up and start getting ready...JEEZ....she said she'd heard my alarm going off.  you know how big i am on the snooze button.  anyway, i think we're going to have to have a chat tonight about "boundaries".  Ha.  in regards to enron, i still know nothing concrete.  hopefully by the end of the week we should now something w/ actual facts and figures.  seattle was a really good trip...hoping to know more next week on that as well.  talk to you soon, Sue 
    IT'S BEAUTIFUL WOMAN  MONTH & TAG YOU'RE IT!  [IMAGE] Well, it is and that  means you and me. I'm supposed to send this to [IMAGE] FIVE BEAUTIFUL  WOMEN, and you are one of them!!! Facts on Figures; There are 3  billion women who don't look like supermodels and only eight who do. Marilyn Monroe wore a size 14.[IMAGE] If Barbie was a real woman, she'd have to walk on all fours due to  her proportions. The average woman weighs 144 lb. and wears between a  12-14. One out of every four college aged women has an eating!  disorder. [IMAGE] The models in the  magazines are airbrushed -- not perfect! A psychological study in 1995  found that three minutes spent looking at a fashion magazine caused 70% of  women to feel depressed, guilty, and shameful. Models  twenty years ago weighed 8% less than the average woman. [IMAGE] Today they weigh 23%  less. [IMAGE] ~Beauty of a Woman~ The beauty  of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, The  figure she carries, or the way she combs her hair. The  beauty of a woman must be seen from her eyes, Because that  is the doorway to her heart, The place where love resides. The beauty of a woman Is not in a facial mole, But true beauty in a woman is reflected in her soul. It is the caring that she lovingly gives, The passion that she shows. The beauty  of a woman With passing years -- only  grows. [IMAGE] An English professor  wrote the words, "Woman without her man is nothing," on the blackboard and  directed the students to punctuate it correctly. The men wrote: "Woman,  without her man, is nothing." The women wrote: "Woman! Without her, man is  nothing." The Images of Mother 4 YEARS OF AGE ~ My Mommy can  do anything! 8 YEARS OF AGE ~ My Mom knows a lot! A whole  lot! [IMAGE] 12 YEARS OF AGE ~ My  Mother doesn't really know quite everything. 14 YEARS  OF AGE ~ Naturally, Mother doesn't know that, either. 16  YEARS OF AGE ~ Mother? She's hopelessly old-fashioned. 18  YEARS OF AGE ~ That old woman? She's way out of date! 25  YEARS OF AGE ~ Well, she might know a little bit about it. 35 YEARS OF AGE ~ Before we decide, let's get Mom's opinion. 45 YEARS OF AGE ~ Wonder what Mom would have thought about  it? 65 YEARS OF AGE ~ Wish I could talk it over with Mom. ***Please send this to at least  five phenomenal women today in celebration of Women's History Month. If  you do, something good will happen.... YOU will boost another woman's  self-esteem! [IMAGE]    -------  End of forwarded message ------- 
 don't have much to pass along....i've been looking into some places to stay if i come up.  i may run a few of the names by you to see what you think or if you know anything about them.  i've got to get out of my house SOON!!!  mom woke me up this morning to see if i "needed to get up and start getting ready"....she'd heard my alarm go off and evidently didn't realize my extensive use of the snooze button.  she then followed me out to the car to give me directions on how to drive to work (i.e. which lanes to use...ha)  even though i'd made it just fine the day before.  on the plus side, my meals are being made for me and there is always cheese and crackers.  talk to you soon, SueBob 
 ID:	p00500873 PSWD:	temple 
 http://energycommerce.house.gov/107/news/layletter.pdf 
 hey Ina...couldn't remember if I forwarded this to you or not.  P00500873 pswd:  temple 
 Do you think we could me for a few minutes this morning?  I've got a couple quick questions...I didn't feel like bugging you over the weekend.  Sometime before 10 am would be best for me because at 10:00 I'm supposed to attend a meeting regarding the analyst/associate program as it relates to UBS.  Thanks 
 Karen,  A meeting on this subject would be beneficial to many making decisions today.  Please let me know when and where the meeting will be held if it is in fact organized.  Thank you, Susan Scott ext. 31455 
 Hi Julie,  Sorry to be a pest of late.  I was hoping you might have an opportunity to talk this morning.  There are some deadlines I am facing currently that make it that much more beneficial for me to talk to you sooner rather that later.  If you could let me know if there is a time before 10:00 PST that would be a good time to talk I would really appreciate it.  Thanks, Susan Scott 
  Julie,  I've been given a bit of a reprieve on the deadline.  So, if you could get back to me sometime before this afternoon that would be very helpful.  Thanks, Susan 
 Hi John,  I've been trying to get a hold of Julie this morning, but am not certain if she is in the office today.  My current situation has become somewhat interesting over the last several days and I was hoping to be able to talk over some things with her.  If Julie is in fact out of the office today would you mind if we talked at some point.  I'm under some deadlines around here and would be very grateful to have an opportunity to discuss things with Julie or yourself.  Thank you, Susan Scott 
 Hi John,  I've been trying to get a hold of Julie this morning, but am not certain if she is in the office today.  My current situation has become somewhat interesting over the last several days and I was hoping to be able to talk over some things with her.  If Julie is in fact out of the office today would you mind if we talked at some point.  I'm under some deadlines around here and would be very grateful to have an opportunity to discuss things with Julie or yourself.  Thank you, Susan Scott 
 I believe this was intended for the other Susan Scott...I'm with Nat Gas tr= ading.  Thanks 
 hey holly,  just wanted to see what's going on with you, and to inquire how the long weekend in whistler went...i'm curious to hear how everything played out.  also, bonnie wanted to get the name of the guy you knew who's based down in tacoma and went to west point.  drop me a line when you get a chance.  Susan 
 I will be staying at the office later than I initially anticipated this evening.  If either of you are able to talk simply let me know the time and I will give you a call.  Thank you, Susan 
 I will be staying at the office later than I initially anticipated this evening.  If you are able to talk simply let me know the time and I will give you a call.  Thank you, Susan 
 Hey...  so i've given everyone the heads up around here regarding my decision, and surprisingly enough they have been on the whole very supportive.  Frank told me this was a "good thing" for me and that he was jealous.  And Steve actually said he was proud of me.  anyway, it's gone much better than i had expected.  still don't know exactly what happens to me now.  so we shall see what the next weeks hold in store.  i'm still checking into lodging etc. for this weekend/early next week.  i can fly in saturday or sunday, but maybe sunday morning would be best.  i figure we could touch base and plan the next couple days (plus, i wouldn't have kept you up all night chatting saturday night so that you're exhausted for work sunday).  then we'd have all day monday and tuesday and i'd probably fly back on wednesday....just a thought, feel free to share you own.  drop me a line when you get a chance, SueBob....finally living up the name! 
 well girls,  i didn't end up getting the job with Puget.  i was runner up to a guy with more trading experience.  he hadn't decided whether or not he was going to accept, which is why they were waiting to get back to me.  i called last night due to the decisions i was having to make around here and the VP i met with there subsequently called the guy to get an answer.  unfortunately for me, his answer was, "yes".  anyway, while that opportunity is no longer...i have still decided to decline my offer with UBS to join the reformed trading organization down here.  on that front, i am still very interested in trying to get up to seattle and was wondering if either of you were familiar with some headhunters.  let me know if there are any things in particular you think i should be looking into.  thanks guys, susan 
 hey courtney,  i'm sorry i didn't reply back to you sooner, but i'm sure you'll understand when i say that things with work have been a bit on the crazy side.  i'd like to attend tonight, but have a bit of a scheduling conflict.  i was wondering if it would be alright if i showed up between 7:30-8:00 rather than at 7:00.  also, where exactly are the festivities going to be held?  thanks, susan 713-853-1455 
 so this was my quote of the day.....  Our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could be. -Ralph Waldo Emerson, writer and philosopher (1803-1882)   wow, huh?  anyway, got your email with the articles for wahso...going to read them rig= ht now.  looks like i may be moving tomorrow, so i'll let you know what the= future holds for me when i have a better idea. =20  more importantly, i wanted to tell you how proud i am of you.  not only for= striking out to park city on your own, but also for making the impression = you obviously have on the people with whom you work.  it's often hard to se= e when you are the person in question, but i can tell you from my perspecti= ve that the people you work & associate with think very highly of you.  and= , i'm thrilled that windy ridge vocalized their appreciation of you and you= r skills...definitely something you deserved to hear.  it is a great gift t= o be a person others have confidence in and want to be around, and those ar= e qualities that you possess without question. =20  driving into work this morning my sister called on the cell phone, said she= had a special message for me...then mack and sally got on the phone and th= ey sang happy birthday to me...i'm such a sap i couldn't help but to start = tearing-up.  after they hung up i took a moment to examine where i am in my= life right now, and i'm happy to report that i am pleased.  i tried to ima= gine my emotions had i decided to stay on w/ the group and i don't think my= optimism would be nearly so great.  my point is this, sometimes not knowin= g exactly what the future holds frees you to imagine and dream of things yo= u normally wouldn't.  so to you i say, the sky is the limit....dream, imagi= ne, explore.  we are both going to do great things in and with our lives.  = but what i think we need to realize is the scale of those things may be sma= ller (or even grander) than we'd imagined...point being,  we just need to t= ry and be aware of those opportunities which come along every day that affo= rd us those great moments be they large or small.  cheers!  suebob 
 hey lisa....  what's the scoop with tasters tonight....time and location?  i think i'll try to come, even if it's just for a quick drink with the gang.  see you soon, susan 
 This whole experience must be too much fun for you...getting to work with a= ll these young pilots (any of them single?) and strutting your stuff. =20  The trip to Park City was fantastic.  We had some really good meals and man= aged two solid days of skiing.  It dumped 2 feet of snow Sunday night so we= had tons of powder on Monday to ski through...and to cushion our falls.  T= uesday was absolutely beautiful, sunny but still below freezing.  The views= from a few of the runs at the top of the mountain were breath-taking.  Mon= ique took all the pictures on her digital camera, so as soon as she uploads= them I'll be able to check them out and order a few.  This is my first day= back at work this week and it looks as though they're moving me to another= floor pretty soon...too much sensitive information up here I suppose.  It'= s fine though because there are a few others from the trading group who dec= lined the UBS offer and will be housed on the other floor as well, so I wil= l have company.  I've got a couple other leads to try and track on the job = front...another company in Seattle and one in Richmond, VA that my old trad= er Larry told me about.  I'm still glad I made the decision I did and am ex= cited to see where that choice ultimately leads me.  Even Tobin (from my fi= rst group here at Enron) is trying to help my find something in the Pacific= Northwest.  I'm really curious to see what he may come up with since his a= cquaintances run the gamut in terms of interests and occupations. =20  Glad to hear you're having a good time and helping out in the "effort", and= I'll talk to you soon.  Love,=20 Subaru 
 I bolt out of here pretty early these days if I can...best to reach me by cell phone if it's past 4 pm Houston time (713-775-6472).  Did I tell you I'm off to Vegas this weekend?  I love this job.  Sue 
 Hi Patty,  I apologize for not returning your call sooner, but I was actually out of town until yesterday.  If you could drop me an email and let me know what would be the best time call you I would really appreciate it.  Thanks, Susan Scott 
 Pattie,  I am definitely still interested in the position and will give you a call today between 11:00 and 11:30 PST.  Thanks, Susan 
 I recently had the following wine at Wahso in Park City, Utah - USA... 991211200 Zilliken 1999 Saarburger Rausch Sp?tlese 17 750ml I was wondering if you could tell me of a distributor or retailer from whom the wine might be purchased.  I currently reside in Houston, TX but will be making a trip to Seattle, WA in the next couple weeks.  Thank you, Susan Scott 
 Hey Tobin....  I just wanted to make sure you got the last email I sent you....in response to your email below.  If it's just taking some time to respond no worries, if you didn't receive it for some reason let me know ( I attempted to answer the various questions posed ).  Cheers, Susan 
 You are absolutely the BEST Tobin...  I think I'm flying back up to Seattle next weekend to have a second-round interview with Cascade.  However, I must admit I'm intrigued by you and your father's very diverse connections in that area of the country.  Hope you are doing well and that Merry Old England is treating you properly.  No rush on getting back to me, I just wanted to make sure you received the email and had whatever answers I had to give.  BTW....I'm celebrating my first quarter century today!  Quite a milestone in one's life.  I have to love that I'm essentially unemployed and living with my parents.  Big pat on the back for that one. Ha.  Ciao, Susan  Question:  Do you think you will return to the PNW when you finish with school...we hadn't really talked about your future plans and my curiosity is peaked. 
 No worries....We can chat tonight.  I wanted to talk to you about President's Day weekend anyway, and I need to do some research on that front today.  Thanks for thinking of me though (if it makes you feel any better, I forgot it was my birthday yesterday morning until Mom gave me my present).  Susan 
 Sorry I missed your call last night...big shock, I was in the bath-tub.  Anyways, you can definitely give me a call tonight if you'd like.  Talk to you soon, Susan 
 Emily,  Thanks for the birthday wish.  I'm still working on a good time to visit, so I'll keep you posted.  Hope all is well with you and be sure to say, "hello" to Thomas for me.  I'll shoot you an longer email when I get a chance and fill you in on all the fun stuff I've been going through around here.  Susan 
 Hey Bonnie,  Ok, first the bad news...I can't come up President's weekend for the Whistler trip.  Now the good news, I'm going to be in Seattle next weekend.  I'm coming to have a 2nd round interview with Cascade Natural Gas (whose headquarters is actually right around downtown - looks like maybe Belltown).  Anyway, I fly in Thursday and don't leave until Monday.  The interview will be Friday, much like my set-up last time.  So, if you're going to be in town we definitely have to get together.  I think I'm really going to look for housing on this trip.  Maybe that will be the goal for Saturday.  Talk to you soon, Susan 
 Hey Lisa,  Hope you had an absolutely incredible honeymoon.  I'm sure it was a blast.  The reason I'm writing, actually, is because I left something at the church the night of the wedding.  I thought it had been taken to the country club but the wedding co-ordinators didn't have it.  Basically, it was a white plastic bag with a little kids t-shirt and a little girls shorts & tank top outfit (along with a little hand painted picture).  I bought the clothes in the Caymans for my niece and nephew, so ideally I like to track them down.  I was hoping you could tell me who I should contact about items left in the bridesmaid's room in the church.  I think the bag said The Wharf on the outside if that helps at all.  Thanks, Sue 
 Hey Bonnie,  Ok, first the bad news...I can't come up President's weekend for the Whistler trip.  Now the good news, I'm going to be in Seattle next weekend.  I'm coming to have a 2nd round interview with Cascade Natural Gas (whose headquarters is actually right around downtown - looks like maybe Belltown).  Anyway, I fly in Thursday and don't leave until Monday.  The interview will be Friday, much like my set-up last time.  So, if you're going to be in town we definitely have to get together.  I think I'm really going to look for housing on this trip.  Maybe that will be the goal for Saturday.  Talk to you soon, Susan 
 hey...  thanks for the birthday wish.  i didn't end up doing anything too terribly exciting.  met some friends after work (the monthly dinner group) and then went to pappadeux with mom and grandma.  I had a kitchen shower/luncheon and a bar shower/party saturday in san antonio.  went out friday night with emily till about 2:30 am...perfect NW houston evening, donaraki (sp?) and Matthias's, got up saturday morning at 6am then drove to SA, out until about 3am saturday night, then up and in austin by 11am...brunch with corey then off to kathy and travis's, left austin around 7:30 and got home a little after 10pm...needless to say i'm exhausted today.  as for the job front....i was 1st runner up for the job with Puget.  they ended up offering it to a guy with more trading experience (go figure, someone with more than 1 yr of experience..ha), had he turned down the offer i would have been packing my bags but unfortunately for me he accepted.  as for ENE, i was offered a position with the new UBS trading organization but decided to decline the offer, i've come to the conclusion that i just need to make a clean break from this place.  i'm actually headed to seattle again this thursday to interview with another natural gas company up there.  it's a small company (around 450) and the job is for a scheduler not a trader, but i've got a good feeling about the place right now.  they strike me as nice people which seems to go a long way these days.  so, i'll arrive thursday evening, interview friday and fly back monday...they said they wanted to give me time to explore the city and look for housing etc., which is nice.  if all of this works out it looks as though i could be in seattle as early as march...WOW!  hope all is still going well with you.  i've been so happy to get your emails and know that this experience is turning out to be a good one for you.  talk to you soon, Sue  btw....i got our deposit back from the apartment complex.  i'll just write you a check for your half and drop it off at your mom's house. 
 Hi Suzanne,  I wanted to touch base with you regarding accommodations.  They last time I came to Seattle I used the following web-site and managed to get a very good deal on my hotel.  http://www.seattlesupersaver.com In the past, I've stayed at both the Westin and Mayflower which seem to be in fairly central locations downtown.  I wasn't sure if you would be making the reservations or if you would prefer that I handle that aspect.  You can either email me back or call me at the office if you would like to discuss any of this in more detail.  My work number is 713-853-1455.  Thank you, Susan Scott 
 Hey Chris,  I was wondering whether you thought it would be better to fly in Thursday evening or Friday morning.  Honestly, either option would work for me I just wasn't sure if Chuck would want to sleep in Friday morning since it's his day off.  Let me know which one sounds better to you.  Susan 
 hey holly,  just wanted to let you know that i'll be in seattle again this weekend.  i'm coming up for a second interview with cascade natural gas.  i fly in thursday evening and leave monday, so if you're in town we'll have to get together some night.  hope all is well and i'll talk to you soon.  susan 
 hey lisa,  i looked in my car and couldn't find your dress, so i'm pretty sure you took it inside your parent's house saturday night...where you put it once inside i have absolutely no idea.  good luck tracking it down and thanks again for letting me stay at your folks, i really slept like a log on that bed.  susan 
 Hey Courtney,  I just wanted to make sure you got my membership check last week.  If you didn't, or if there's anything else I need to do, please let me know.  Thanks, Susan 
 Mom must be at it again....  career meter: You find out late this week that your suspicions were right on. You've known for some time that a particular person didn't ha