iane will be doing MidC  Cara Semperger West Power Scheduling Supervisor Enron North America 503/464-3814 
 Good Morning,  Here are the direct bookouts I have matched up along with my options I only show open COB contracts on the LLH   Give me a call when you are ready to go. 
 yes yes and yes.  The certificate stuff can be done at the end of the month when we know more about what is going on.  I have all the documents and download stuff to do that 
 I was able to create a tag, but when I confirmed, nothing happened.so I hit confirm a few more times, and got 5 copies of the same e tag 
 I would be personally interested in going to D3,  please try to plan it during mid month if possible. 
   Forgot the 4 mw path,  all good now.  Have a good weekend  C 
   Y'all have a good weekend!   Cara Semperger 503/464-3814 
 It is slower today than it was last night, I assume from traffic 
 Mike Tully is going to work on this with you today. 
 I turned my computer completely off and back on to see if my connection would improve, It didn't.  My plain old data only no macro excel sheet still takes 30 seconds to save.  :(  Outlook also seems slow, but I never liked it anyway. :)  C 
 Hi My Man,  Yokos! mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm    I went to see Dr. Soot today, she told me my pain is from the 2 big knots where they started and ended the incisions, and it will only hurt for ...oh....3 months or so.  She also said I can do whatever I want, including the gym! Your ASS is MINE!  ;)  She said lifting etc is fine as long as I listen to my pain and lift things slowly. No jerky or quick lifting that could hurt me.  I can't wait to have some albacore sashimi and a little Craig on the sheetsheemi!  ;)  Love,  C 
 I am suprised at how little the bare bones employee and the full package employee trips differ in price!  I wanna do the 19 grand package. Employees and Spouses. Do for us but do the works.  I think it would be a welcome perk in a weary office right now.  C 
 Hi  Donald is having an access violation when he tries to run the Path Confirmation Report. Vish is aware of this, and wants to do some investigating tomorrow, but I don't know if Donald will have time.  Maybe you can do this with Vish and Donald's Passwords?  Stacy still has performance issues running the report launcher locally.   I am just ducky.  C 
 His attempts to get path confirmation he gets this error    ACCESS VIOLATION AT ADDRESS 005096E9 IN MODULE "PATH CONFIRM.EXE" READ OF ADDRESS 00000000.   He needs access asap.  Thanks,  Cara 
 The old build route remembered what the user chose last for delivery points, and had it in the defaults each time Build route was opened.  Can this be duplicated in the PSW version of build route?  C 
 Please have the default set to "Starting on" not  "Active on".   We use Starting on Every day, and Active on much more rarely.   Thanks,  Cara 
 MUCH INTEREST FROM ME 
 Hi Mom,  I am so glad that Nathan seems to be responding, his well being and future are what is most important. I don't know what to say to the behavior of Beth not taking responsibility for the financial end, and kind of holding you both hostage with this unspoken threat to withold your grandchildren.  I have so little respect for her for treating people this way. If I didn't think she would punish you somehow, I would tell her so.  I am looking forward to seeing you next week!  woohoo!  Luv,  Cara 
  https://taim.transmission.bpa.gov/cwi/tsched  userid :  enron5   pw Oregon123 
   Have a good day  Cara Semperger 503/464-3814 
 Any ideas?  The time difference is from nearly instantaneous before to 20-30 seconds now. 
 I recognize those sunglasses!  ha ha ha! 
 I was able to access the record in path confrimation, and it has the correct info in it now.  C 
   <Embedded Picture (Metafile)> 
 Thank you Dave for the horribly long hours you put in on this. 
 FOR YOUR EYES ONLY: I dont wanna piss off the new massa 
   Things are coming back a bit, here is your sheet 
 Please copy me on anything that you need to speak to the developers on.  DART changes to the build route need to be done in the PreSchedule Workspace version of build route, as that is what we are using now, we have been phasing out the old build route.  Cara 
 Build route is a very vital part of what we use every day. Any change to it must go thru me.  The change in the Build Route for DART deals is a minor one, a check box on the user interface. Real time can run the report to show only DART deals, and they would be captured that way.  Please see me before any changes to the build route are discussed.   Cara 
 Good Afternoon,  The last of our kinks has been worked out and we are going to go ahead with all schedules in the new system as of 11/15. We will then have a good couple of weeks under our belt before the start of a new month. The last date you will see any preschedules in Lotus is 11/14/01  Please see me if you have any questions.  Cara 
 Just let me know when the update has been done, and I will pop in and do a few more tags.  Thanks,  Cara Semperger West Power Scheduling Supervisor Enron North America 503/464-3814 
 Tom and I confirmed this change via phone earlier.  C 
 No, I will just make a note of these two strange deals 
   Diane is out all week, just call ol Cara to tell her all about it.  C 
 Good Evening  I ran a master download for December 1 so that over the next few days I can test the overwriting fix, and found two deals that are 24 hour deals, show scheduled hours of 1-24, but are segregated with the "OFF PEAK" deals.  The deal numbers are:  576490.1 737863.1   Can you look and see if they are booked in a strange way that makes them fall into the wrong segregation category?   Here is my PSW sheet: 
 Just checking in to say hi.  Wanted to know what SLC is like ;)   C              x 
 THANKS VISH.  I will let you know if any more bugz show up. 
    Thanks,  C 
 The real cara comes out at last,  you will notice schedulers working feverishly behind me  :) 
 Thanks for that laugh! I needed it.  Here's the deal:  A call swaption was sold to me by pollard for the intrinsic and extrinsic value of the desks on the floor times 3.50 per month.  I sold this put to myself and pocketed a next fixed premium of one million dollars. I took that six million dollars and used it to finance the new snickers plant that is going to be built in 10 years.  I divided the reesee's plant and the snickers plant, sold put-call parodies on the reesee's and put the snickers plant up for collateral on a 20 million dollar loan to finance potato chip options.  My net was 3.5 billion dollars, so I am the one buying Enron.  My new Company is called  "Cara-land".  I am working on the national anthem now. 
 We did 50 HLH parking with PGE, please see Diana or me for details.  C 
   Good Morning,  Diane is out today and all next week, so just call me  Thanks,  Cara Semperger 503/464-3814 
 I am sorry you have been so sick! That sounds just awful.  Are you all better now?  I can think of nothing worse than not being able to talk well! My head would explode!   Love,  C 
 I just sent him the Mt Hood number, everyone here is going there 
 Susie and I talked, she and I agreed that she would work 7-1 m-th,  and 7-5 on fridays.  We had agreed to that before she left.  I also filled her in on our situation as a company, she had no idea.  I didn't want her to get blindsided by any kind of decision.  C 
 please call  503/464-2099 for the conference phone, I have a dr. appt and cannot attend.  All the schedulers will be there, David Steiner and Diana Scholtes and Sean crandall will also attend. 
 I don't think we will be able to participate in testing unless we have our TISN registration done and our new OATI account setup 
 I have created a short list of phone numbers based on what is active now, and it is saved in P:/Scheduling/PHONE NUMBERS  I have also asked Dave Steiner to print out my turret numbers for your reference. 
 Everything that we use is located in P:/Scheduling.  You will find old sheets with tags and paths, documents outlining how the system works, how daylight savings time needs to be represented, there is also the Intranet site  P:\Scheduling\EnronWestSchedulingWebsite.html  On this there is the OATI links, and also the test site for OATI 1.7.  This will go live in April, and will be totally different than any tagging done before. You will need time to get familiar with the new format and practice, and I will be happy to help guide you when you are ready.  All 3 of us are here to help, and will be available to you until you are comfortable.  Good Luck!  Cara 
 Good Morning,  I need new logins created for the following people  Serena_Bishop serena.bishop@enron.com pw: welcome  Mike_Purcell mike.purcell@enron.com pw: welcomeback  I need the following logins deleted:  Lisa Gang Susie Wilson Stacy Runswick   Within a couple of weeks, most of the Enron folks will no longer be active, and I will have no access to the system.  Mike Purcell will be handling the account and can be reached at mike.purcell@enron.com  Please call me at 503/464-3814 within the hour if there is additional information that you need to set up Serena and Mike's logins by the end of today.  Thanks  Cara Semperger West Power Scheduling Supervisor Enron North America 503/464-3814 
 stuff you may need to know , any oati stuff you can e-mail support@oatiinc.com 
 I have been told today that these folks will have to do all of our scheduling as of Monday, they are being trained today but will have to have working logins patterned after Donald Robinson by the end of business today.  Serena Bishop ( I do not know what she has access to, she was the California scheduler) Mike Purcell (already has access to some things, but please check his access)  If this cannot be done, please call Murray O'Neil asap.  His Cell is 503-702-9846 
 We are going to plan on being there for the Enron schedulers, until they are ready to fly solo 
 UM ,  NOBODY IS TRAINED HERE, WE HAVE HAD EXACTLY ONE DAY'S NOTICE TO PULL THIS TOGETHER! 
 I agree with that when I look at the sheets 
 We are all relieved to hear that Alan!   I am glad you have come to the goo= d side of the force.  :)  C 
 Good Afternoon,  Lots of difficulty getting good information today, please call asap if there is a problem  Cara  503/464-3814 
 Got this error    <Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)> 
 Not always feeling better.  I am very sore today 
 Tim,  I just want to tell you how much I respect and admire how you have handled this situation. It is not lost on many of us that we owe not only our bonuses but also our jobs to you personally.  I am glad to be part of the new crew, and wanted you to know that I am grateful for all of your efforts on my behalf over the years. It is not often that an assistant is given the opportunities to advance that I was given.  Thank you.  Cara 
   These are the open positions for the Month of February. This is the best way to see our obligations. 
 Good Afternoon Sweeite,  I have my new driver's license and my divorce papers to change my name over to just plain Cara Freeland.  Do I send them to you or what do I do?   also-  Have you heard if parking or Tri-met will be subsidized at all in the New World Order?   Lemmie Know,   Cara Freeland 
 You are so cute!  Next time you work a day shift, call me and we will go have coffee and Iwill give you all the sordid details of my divorce and my now nearly 7 week stand.  Juicy juicy stuff! 
 Hi Honey,  I hope you are having a good day, I sure enjoyed playing a bit this morning. (Although I had a little bout of blue bush) I just love having you around all the time.  I don't want turkey for dinner, and since it's payday, I wanna take us out to dinner. Where would you like to go?  Or we can be turds again tonight and to to YOKO's tomorrow, or whatever.  I am suddenly actually busy figuring out the estate VS the newcompany stuff, it is fun to be busy and needed.  I love you very much and can't wait to see you tonight to show you the new license!  Love,  Cara Freeland 
 Thanks for your addy, it was so good to hear your little voice yesterday! Things are sure different here, Mark and Tom are not staying, Holden is in real time, and possibly Mallory will trade the SW.  I miss YOU!  Cara-poo 
 Donald will be helping you with that, he has taken over the NW now for Feb.  Thanks,  Cara Semperger West Power Scheduling Supervisor Enron North America 503/464-3814 
 THANKYOU THANK YOU THANKYOUTHANKYOU  YOU ARE THE QUEEN OF HR! 
 Bill and I are considering having Real time do the EPE preschedules since they are the ones that live and die by them anyway.  That way you would be released from that burden and any errors would be all on the ownership of RT. 
 Hi Sweetie,  Hopefully the visit to the Dr won't be that bad, do you want me to come hold your hand? (That would be pushing the envelope on intimacy, eh?) I saw a wrapper in the trash this morning and was sad to see it there. You need to fix that ( or those as it were). Please let me know what the dr. says.  The movie sounds good, but we will see how tired you are when you get home.  I wouldn't mind laying around like a turd this evening either. I need to vacuum but that is all.  I love you, and am so glad that I make you happy. I want us to be happy together for many years to come. I still feel like the luckiest woman in the world, to have such a caring and loving man in my life so suddenly.  See you tonight,  C 
 Let me know if your stuff does not pull in correctly from Enpower or you have any other problems.  Thanks! 
 I miss you and am wonderin how you are faring in the working world.   I have been checking in on the Riley photo site, she just gets more beautiful every day.  Dave and I have signed papers and are final, now I am just waiting for the house to sell.  I have already found another place to live, and have an offer on it based on the sale of my house.  I love you and hope to hear from you soon.  Cara 
 Can you tell me if we are having subsidized parking and bus passes?  If not, I need to plan ahead.  Thanks,  C 
 Good Morning,  These are the positions that I see for February, please take a look at them and let me know if you agree or not.    Thanks,  C 
 Good Morning,  Please look at this sheet and see if you agree with what I have done, e-mail me or call me at 877-464-7779.  Any of our schedulers can look at this and help you.    Thanks,  Cara Semperger West Power Scheduling Supervisor Enron North America 503/464-3814 
 I was able to login to the main platform of Enpower under csemper, but not able to run psw or deal entry.  However, I was able to login as drobins and run things.  Please do what you can to get my login fixed today if possible. I will use Donald's login as a workaround.  Thanks,  Cara 
 I tried to login with the est_csemper id in estate enpower, and was denied login 
 Hi Dear Man,  I feel the same way that you do, I feel like you are a gift that the universe has given to me. You are such a rare and special man. I love being with you and having fun with you, I love your tenderness and your competitiveness and your sense of humor.  What did I ever do to deserve you!  If we aren't too tired tonight, let's go poke around a store or something. Maybe linens and things to look for kitchen stuff??  We are going to have such fun together.  I love you,  CF 
 Good Morning Honey,  I didn't really sleep well last night, so I am tired and cranky today. However, the feeling of RFP is something to grin about. Today I am tying out our February positions with the traders so that they can pre-pay their trades for scheduling Feb 1.  Just spreadsheet and number crunching stuff.  You are so important to me, I can't hardly articulate how much you mean to me. I love you and am so proud and happy to be yours. I can't wait till we share a home and I am 'out' to my family.  I want to tell them, "this is done" not "this is what I am going to do".  I love waking up in your arms and feeling your kisses first thing in the morning. The sleep thing will work itself out, I am not worried about it.  I am looking forward to forever with you.  Love,  CF 
 Hi Sweetheart,  The trip and all really took it out of me, I am taking off for home now, looking at a little nap action and then if I feel good start packing.  I love you and will see you this after noon.  Don't work my man too hard, but I will rub your feet when you get home if you do!  Love,  CF 
 What did she say? 
 Please drop by when you can.  I get into regular Enpower but when I try to get into preschedule workspace I get an errr 
 Hi Baby,  The movie sounds good, nice and creepy! I am going to leave here around noon again ( such a slave ) and go home and work on packing. I can meet you at work or we can leave from the house when you get there.  I love you, I can't tell you how my heart leapt for joy when I saw your face again. I just wanted to hold on to you forever. Those 2 romps were not bad either! ;)  See you tonight, hope you get it all built today.  Love,  CF 
 Mine is all done, whiz quiz completed and Paperwork given to Gabrielle  Thanks.  Does this mean that the final stuff is done and we are all locked in for UBS? I understood that there was one final thing to happen before we were officially 'done'  C 
 Hi My Love,  I have told Sylvia and Cheri about you, and how important you are to me. Phase 1 is complete!  I am leaving in a few minutes for Bandon, and will drive sooooo carefully that it will become the stuff of legend.  I miss you already, it's going to be a long lonely weekend without you!  But I will see you on Sunday, and you are a DEAD MAN! ;)  I love you,  Cara  P.S. Don't cheat on your cards................................ :)      xoxo 
 I love you    C      xoxo 
 I got all my stuff signed and done yesterday, so I am now Cara Freeland.  I want to get changed over ASAP in the system.  Thanks for your help, support, and kind wishes. You are among the very small group that I consider real friends.  Thanks,  Cara Freeland 
 just come get me when you are ready, but I don't normally hang out all day 
 I want to go to the 10 am meeting, as I am Cara Freeland now.  My divorce papers were all done yesterday, and I will have final copies to you guys for your records in a month or so.  Cara 
 When you get the chance  Thanks  C 
 k thanks 
 When you get a moment 
 Uh..........not when I came back to bed.  The score is now Craig 46,  Cara 21   LoL 
 Someone sent this to me, it seemed appropriate!  Subject: Pfthhhhhhhh Football    An old man and his wife have gone to bed. After laying there a few minutes the old man farts and says, "Seven Points."  His wife rolls over and says, "What in the world was that?"  The old man replied, "It's fart football."  A few minutes later the wife lets one go and says, "Touchdown, tie score."  After about five minutes the old man farts again and says, "Touchdown, I'm ahead 14 to 7."  Not to be out done the wife rips another one and says, "Touchdown, tie score."  Five seconds go by and she lets out a squeaker and says, "Field goal, I lead 17 to 14."  Now the pressure's on and the old man refuses to get beat by his wife so he strains real hard but to no avail. Realizing a defeat is totally unacceptable, he gives it everything he has, but instead of farting, he poops the bed.  The wife looks at him and says, "What the hell was that?"  And the old man replied, "Half-time, Switch sides." 
 Good Morning Honey,  I wish that I could have pulled it together enough to get up with you and take care of you this morning, I really missed that.  Thank you for waking me up and giving me kisses and love. It was a sweet way to start the day.  Today there is a meeting from UBS, in about 10 minutes. I wonder what will be said. I will let you know everything.  On the way to work I was thinking about us planning for our home. I love the sound of our home. I hated seeing all of your stuff packed away today, I like snuggling with your pillows when you have gone to work. Soon we will both just be home.  Hopefully I will be all done with my bullshit in time to meet you at the grotto before going to Stanfords, but if not I will meet you there at 6. If I make it to the grotto by 5, will that be enough time for you to pick them up as well?  I am calling the doctor when his office opens to complain about the medication. I hope he gives me some more meds, but he might tell me just to hang in there until the new lower level is stabilized.  Last night was wonderful, each time we are together I find something new to enjoy. I love being with you, holding you and feeling all of your touches and caresses. You make me so happy, and I want to make you happy. I love that little grin on your face and the tenderness in your eyes. You are a wonderful man and I am the luckiest woman in the world to have you in my life.  I love you,  Cara 
 Hi Dearie,  How are you?  I have been hearing your name more lately, and just wanted to touch base and tell you how much I miss you!  I have been buying that good Prosperity wine at Trader Joe's and always remember the party at your house.  Do you think that you will be ever coming here to visit?  How is your husband?  How is your dog-bite scar? Do you have any new Jewelry?  I am trying to sell my wedding ring, and am thinking instead that I will just get another stone to match the center stone and make earrings.  If you do come to stay, please stay with me. I am signing papers on my new condo this afteroon It is wonderful. 3 Bedrooms, backs right up to a greenbelt with a wetland.  I miss you,  Cara Poo 
 You might want to check it  Are you still planning to come up and sign papers tomorrow?  I need to know because I had to go back to work early.  Please call my cell phone when you get logged off so we can get in sync with plans.  503/810-1105 
 Good Morning,  Here is the spreadsheet that you sent out with the access for the West Power Scheduling group. The users are now only me, Diane Cutsforth, and Donald Robinson.      I dont' know if you are aware, but we are having problems with accessing both PreSchedule Workspace and Path Confirmation. Donald Robinson and Diane Cutsforth have more details than I do, as I have been out on medical leave for a month.  Donald tried to login this morning and had problems, If you are aware of this bug let me know, if you need more details, please speak to him.  His number is 503/464-3902  Thanks,  Cara 
 I spoke with Serena and told her how to roll scheduling forward.  Let me know if that doesn't do it.  CF 
 I was tickled to get such a cool card! Where did you find it?  I am thinking about taking the front off and putting it in a little frame.   I have decided to postpone the catchup Christmas party and instead have a housewarming party when I move into my NEW beautiful Condo that is right on a wetland/woods!  I go to sign papers today.  Thanks again,  Luv Luv  c 
 This might solve some of our login problems 
 I have a new cell phone of my own, when can I start expensing that bad boy? 
 Congratulations Steve!  How wonderful!  I love the name. 
 k, be there in a few 
 Cara Freeland-Semperger Enron North America 121 SW Salmon,  3WTC0306 Portland, OR  97204  503/464-3814  Fax: 503/464-3740   I will be out on medical leave until 2/5/02. 
 I am at work for a few minutes and wanted to send you a quick note. I sure loved having you at my house, our talking, and I really loved this morning.  You are such a wonderful man. I am a very VERY lucky lady.  I love you and will see you tonight after my meeting.  C 
 I am here today for a few, what a rough ride that was.  If you have a few to stop by and say hi, that would be great.  :) 
 I am officially playing hooky from work tomorrow. 
 Good Morning E  Sure was fun!  Cara 
 yes 
 come over at your convenience and I will explain all 
 This is the most complete information, Bilat stuff only.  If you need any help interpreting the sheet, just pop on by   Cara 
 Good Morning,  Here is the preliminary stuff, direct bookouts and what is open.  Please call me at your convenience to talk about them.    Cara Semperger West Power Scheduling Supervisor Enron North America 503/464-3814 
 Good Morning..........sir,  I am wearing my sweatshirt and my new boots to work, so my feet are warm and I feel like I have you wrapped around me. My roses are starting to really open up now, they are so beautiful.  I had fun at the party last night, danced my fool head off.  Good natured fun dancing with the buds from work.  One guy tried to dip me and failed miserably, I fell on my right hip, but not before I nearly knocked myself unconcious on part of the wall. I ended up sitting there for a minute with a packet of frozen soybeans on my noggin.  I told him no more of that stuff. On the way home from the party I almost just showed up at your house, but figured you needed a break from me for some rest.  You have a good day, hope you are rested and feeling good.  :) 
 Any news?  I am just thinking I will leave around 1 pm here to go home for a bit. I don't have to be at this party till 7 ish, so if you wanna come hang out or just take a nap, you are welcome to do that.  ;) 
 They think it is a proxy server on my end and that if it is removed we should be fine.  Can you help me with this? 
 Hi Donald,  I got a smattering of information that the big E will probably go after us contract folks that attempt to defect.  So, I guess it's second jobs for both of us.  I am sorry I got you into this, buddy.  Cara 
 Hi Again,  Just let me know about Lord of the Rings, when I am done here I am going home to take a nap if we aren't going.  If Saturday or Sunday would be a better lazy day than Christmas eve, then we can do whatever. You are the only thing on my calendar after tonight, sir.   Call me at work, I would love to hear your voice.   :) 
