arty or used our "deemed" language. 3.  Maybe some of Shari's weather masters excluded commodity items. 4.  Credit Lyonnais AAA Master didn't address commodities.  Are there other AAA masters and/or bank masters like this? 5.  The paralegals may remember something. 
 Susan:  Here's some more TVA information.  sara 
 FYI 
 Please add your outstanding guaranties to Susan's memo - thanks 
 Jim:  As a follow up to our conversation of yesterday, please note the following:  (1)  I have not received your comments to our blackline of EWEB's ISDA Schedule.  (2)  I have not received your suggested language to the Deemed ISDA confirmation.  Please verify whether or not you emailed these to me yesterday as promised.  Also, Holli Krebs has offered to try to organize a conference call to discuss the Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex.  Tracy Ngo from our credit group and I will be available to answer any questions.   As soon as we have your comments, I can provide you with a blackline.  Please let me know if there is anything further that I can do.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Dennis:  You have attached a form of confirmation for a very specialized derivative transaction, namely, a CREDIT derivative.  The transaction that Enron and So. Cal. would be executing would be a COMMODITY derivative (that commodity being power).  The confirmation format is similar.  I will send you an example later.  Sara    Dennis De Cuir <dennis@ddecuir.com> 11/28/2000 08:19 PM 
 Attached is the Schedule we sent and Par. 13. 
 Attached are Jim Deason's comments to the Schedule and Deemed ISDA.  Please note him comments re: enforceability of this financial deal. 
 Attached is the latest listing of executed equity agreements.  We have a separate listing for futures agreements but the brokers are different from equity brokers. 
 Dennis:  Attached are two "templates" for power trades confirmed under an executed ISDA Master Agreement, one is for a swap and the other for an option (cap or floor).  Ignore the symbols and elections which are only to feed deal terms into our confirmation system.  The specific terms of each trade (dates, notional quantities, price indexes and pricing, etc.) would be inserted into the format.  I hope this helps. Sara 
 Thanks    Melissa Ann Murphy 11/29/2000 09:04 AM 
 FYI:  We have several "Total" agreements.  I don't know the relationship. = =20 Are these commodities global?   SS 
 Do you also have fax and email address?    Aneela Charania 11/29/2000 01:00 PM 
 Laurel:  Jason is ready to send comments on this agreement requested by John Greene. Can you please provide Jason with the name, address, fax number of the party with whom we should be communicating in order to negotiate this agreement. If you need to speak with Jason, you can call him at (713) 220-4124.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Please confim that this file is currently inactive.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Sheila:  Please verify whether we need to pursue this agreement.  Thanks. Sara 
 Jason:  I believe you have this agreement as well.  Can you bring me up to date?  Thanks.  sara 
 Clem:  After our legal credit meeting yesterday, we noted that the following guaranties have not yet been executed:  Mieco Inc. Cinergy Marketing & Trading, LLC The Wiser Oil Company  Would you please let me know when these will be executed?  Thanks.  Sara 
 per my voice mail 
 Of course not!  Therefore, rank it LOW.    "Peters, Jason" <jasonpeters@akllp.com> 11/29/2000 03:51 PM 
 Chris:  We need to discuss the alternative to SP-15.  Please see the redline where I have incorporated a "Fallback Reference Price".  However, the definition is still vague.  SS 
 This should do it except that I would add a heading "DRAFT - FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY" at the top and fix the Fallback Reference Price format and put the phrase "as published in ... caliso.com" at the end of the sentence. 
 I will attend.    Chaundra Woods 11/29/2000 04:49 PM 
 Jorge:  (1)  Yes, I did verbally approve the Merrill Lynch "Other Provisions" section of the rate swap (10/26/00 deal).  (2)  Yes, I received your Fax of 11/21/00 from Bank of Montreal with your email to the bank.  The language which you sent to the Bank of Montreal ("BOM") was to be based on the Merrill Lynch "Other Provisions" section of the above rate swap.  In that regard, (i)  you inadvertently left out a phrase when you retyped the Merrill Lynch language.  However, BOM's subsequent revision is acceptable. (ii)  it is not clear to me whether ALL of Paragraph 3 in the original BOM confirm is being replaced.  Your message to BOM seems to imply that it is fully replaced (which is what we want).  You should definitely verify that this is the case in your latest BOM confirm.  (3)  Yes, the Termination Agreement format from Deutsche Bank AG looks fine. Just be sure that all transaction references are correct.  Sorry for the delay.  I am trying to identify another lawyer to back me up.  Sara    Jorge A Garcia@ENRON 11/27/2000 08:57 AM 
 Attached is an updated list of brokerage agreements under negotiation. Please let me know of any changes.  Sara 
 Tanya:  Is Lee the right person to approve this change for SITA?  Remember, SITA is acutally with ECTRIC (nto ENA) and SITA wanted to settle in Euros. Thanks.  Sara 
 Of course.  You probably forgot that SITA requested both settlement'termination in Euros.  SS    Tanya Rohauer 11/30/2000 10:34 AM 
 Does anyone have this file?  The master was executed on 2/28/92.  Thanks. Sara 
 Steve:  I just spoke with Bill Bradford and I understand that Bill and Mark Tarkington discussed the use of "Specified Entity" and agreed, subject to DB committee approval, to eliminate the use of Specified Entity in the ENA and affiliated masters with DB (i.e., "Specified Entity:  none").   Once you have confirmed this with Mark, please prepare a final blacklined draft for our review and then execution copies of the ISDA Master Agreement.   In connection with the final draft, Tana Jones will fax to you minor format comments.  [She will also fax to you the electronic trading agreements and password applications for London and U.S. based trading.]  The following ENA affiliates will also need to execute ISDA Master Agreements with DB:  (1)  ECT Investments, Inc. (Delaware corporation)  (2)  Enron Capital & Trade Resources International Corp. (Delaware corporation)  (3)  EnronCredit.com Limited (U.K. corporation) 
 Let me know when you want to talk.  SS 
 Love, SAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS 
 Can I take a quick look at the BofA file?  Thanks. Sara 
 FYI only.  We will execute the Lehman ISDA Master Agreement shortly.  Sara 
 ED:  what is this all about?  Sara 
 Tracy:  Please be sure to copy Melissa Murphy because she will be preparing the confirmation.  Stephanie Panus will be the assisting paralegal.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Stephanie:  Please see me so that we can finalize.  Sara 
 Tom:  SITA may be anxious but their lawyers raised a few new issues that we are responding to.  Also, we have not finalized the Enron Corp. guaranty.  Sara    Tom Bruce-Jones 12/04/2000 05:06 AM 
 Please put me on the list for a flu shot.  My ext. is 35620.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Larry:  According to Steve Kessler (the DB lawyer in New York who is negotiating the ENA ISDA Master), London e-commerce issues are normally handled ty the London lawyer (Conrad Libischer at 44-20-754-52705).  If  NY trader is also involved, then DB must decide on one lawyer to handle password application, etc.  The ENA ISDA Master must first be approved by Frankfurt.  I don't know how long this takes.  You may want to let the DB trader start the EOL process.  Thanks.  Sara 
 We are not seeking authorization at this time. 
 Shari:  It sounds great but I'm taking a few days off and won't be in town.  Thanks. Sara    Shari Stack 12/04/2000 10:45 AM 
 Jason:  Where do we stand with respect to this party?  Sara 
 Stephanie:  There's no Municipal deal (remember Friday?).  SS 
 Do  you have the original file or do we have it here?  Enron Corp. wants to have this in place for equity trading.  I can look at it quickly and perhaps shorten the response time.    "Peters, Jason" <jasonpeters@akllp.com> 12/04/2000 12:26 PM 
 Of course.  Sara    "Peters, Jason" <jasonpeters@akllp.com> 12/04/2000 02:00 PM 
 Mary:  Thanks so very much!  And you're absolutely right about it being a good day!  Sara    Mary Ogden 12/04/2000 04:26 PM 
 Soma:  Let me know when you'd like to further discuss.  I'm attaching a short recap.  I have copies of the referenced collateral annexes in my office for you.  Sara 
 Marcello:  By way of introduction, I am a lawyer with Enron North America Corp.("ENA") in the derivatives area.  I have read your memorandum of March 17, 1997 which was prepared for us and which addressed both physical and financial trading issues.  I am also aware of the recent memo which you prepared for Brent Hendry re: internet trading.  I have two (2) followup questions for you limited specifically to financial trading (NOT VIA INTERNET):  (1)  Do you have any changes to add to your memo of March 17, 1997 with respect to financial trading?  (2)  Would you modify ENA's Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement (which I believe Brent Hendry recently forwarded to your attention)?  I look forward to hearing from you.  ENA is about to execute a trade with a Chilean corporate and I will most likely see the trade confirmation in the next day or so.  You can reach me via email or by phone at (713) 853-5620. Thank you very much.  Sara 
 Susan:  Please hold for EWEB redraft.  SS 
 fyi 
 It's yours for the asking.  SS 
 ED:  (1)  The Alcoa lawyer wants to adopt the terms of the ENA/Alcoa Inc. master for purposes of the December deal.  (2)  EWEB has requested the following provision:  DEFAULT RATE shall mean the lesser of (a) the per annum rate of interest equal to the prime lending rate as may from time to time be published in "the Wall Street Journal" under "Money Rates" on such day (or if not published on such day the most recent preceding day on which published), plus two percent (2%) but not to exceed in total fourteen percent (14%) annually, and (b) the maximum rate permitted by applicable law.  Please let me hear from you.  Sara 
 Bob:  Attached is a draft "forward template" for circulation by Enron Corp. to potential counterparties.  I based the template on the Lehman Bros. forward transaction (which I will fax to you separately).  Per our discussion, please take a look at the template from Enron's viewpoint and suggest improvements, comments, etc.  Enron Corp. has a potential counterparty in the wings and I would like to send out the template tomorrowl  Please call me with your questions.  As always, thanks for your help.  Sara 
 RE:  Alcoa - it's a one-month deal.  The issue is no netting absent a SINGLE agreement governing ALL trades.  Please respond about ALCOA and EWEB.  I'll be out Thursday and Friday.  Sara    Edward Sacks@ENRON 12/06/2000 07:45 AM 
 Treasa:  I'll be out of the office Dec. 7 & 8.  In my absence please contact Bob Bruce.  Thanks.  Sara    Treasa Kirby 12/06/2000 04:04 AM 
 Melissa:  I finally reached Tom Seligson and he will change the guaranty (below) to add that ENA may assign the guaranty to any affiliate without the approval of the guarantor.  The remaining issue is whether to confirm on our omnibus or create a confirm and adopt by reference the provisions of the Alcoa Inc./ENA master.  I have left Ed Sacks a message.  Sara  ps  I will be out of the office on Dec. 7,8    Melissa Ann Murphy 12/05/2000 08:48 AM 
 Jim:  I was hoping that we could speak sometime today as I will be out of the office Dec. 7 and 8.  I would like to discuss your comments the Schedule and receive your blackline to the Credit Support Annex.  I am available all day except between the hours of 10 am - 2 pm (Houston time).  I look forward to hearing from you.  Regards.  Sara 
 Mark:  I am about to finalize comments to the SITA Master ISDA Agreement on behalf of ECTRIC.  I need your able assistance with respect to the following:  (1)  SITA has not passed a board resolution authorizing execution of the Agreement.  Instead, SITA proposes a certificate stating that its President Directeur General or Directeur General have, pursuant to the Articles of Association, full power and authority to execute the Agreement or to grant a power of attorney to do so.  (2)  SITA has requested evidence of EEFT's authority to sign on behalf of ECTRIC.  I have sent a copy of the power of attorney to the lawyer and will ask that she direct any questions to you if I am not reachable.  SITA's attorney is Susan Hopkinson at Lovells in Paris.  Her phone is 33153 674747 and fax is 33147 239612 and email is susan.hopkinson@lovells.com.  I will be out of the office Dec. 7 & 8.  Stephanie Panus if assisting with the file.  I look forward to hearing from you.  Regards.  Sara 
 Susan:  A few items to follow up with:  (1)  I understand that you are finalizing the Enron Corp. guaranty with Clement Abrams.  Please let me know when all is agreed and I will arrange with Clem for an executed guaranty.  (2)  Stephanie Panus will fax to you the power of attorney for EEFT to act for ECTRIC.  The acronyms will be obvious in the fax.  (3)  Euros are fine for Termination and Contractual Currency.  (4)  I am considering your proposed certificate in lieu of a board resolution and checking your tax rep.  I will be out of the office Dec. 7 & 8.  You can contact Stephanie Panus in my absence.  Regards.  Sara 
 I will be taking Friday, Dec. 29 as a vacation day.  Sara  P.S.  I will also be on vacation Dec. 7 & 8. 
 Lisa Palmer and I had a conference call with the Xerox lawyer and commercial person.  The main issues are the following:  No CSA (claim to have over 40 ISDA Masters none of which contain CSA's! and not set up to handle collateral) Rating downgrade is a Termination Event.  (Maybe they'll agree to our posting L/C's MUST have cross-acceleration (POLICY). Guess what else?  NO NETTING (can't handle netting internally)  Otherwise, Xerox is cool. 
 FYI - I faxed latest CSA and correspondence to you for our conference call tomorrow.  SS P.S.  Do you know what the problems are?  I haven't heard a word. 
 All:  Enron's treasury group is reviewing some of the extremely high volume master swap agreements to see if rehypothecation of collateral is an alternative. The Bank of America ("BofA") agreement is an ISDA but the credit annex is our old format.  BofA has agreed with Bill Bradford to replace the existing Annex A (Collateral and Exposure Provisions) with the ISDA Credit Support Annex and Paragraph 13.  Soma Ghosh is spearheading this effort and she may contact one of you to assist in this effort.  I told Soma that credit would need to provide a credit worksheeet.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Here is the latest margin rate change - 
 I will be out of the office on Dec. 7 & 8.  Please contact one of the paralegals for assistance.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Tana:  Please let me know if you did anything with this or I will assign.  Since you were copied, I didn't know if you had a conversation with Tanya or Soma. Thanks.  Sara 
 Susan:  Please let me know what happened with this.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Chris:  Please call me and let's discuss.  My hesitancy comes from the big difference in the ISDA for general corporates and GOVERNMENTALS (which you know are treated differently).  Sara 
 John:  I just received the Instinet amendment to place additional access at Enron House.  The "Equipment" is described as follows:  2 Additional Instinet Access ID (GYO5, GYO6-OMS) - London, England  Please verify that this is what you need.  I can have this signed immediately.  Sara 
 FYI 
 Do I still need to look at Phibro?  Remember, Bernice left this one for me. SS 
 Sheila:  Is this a request to me?  Sara    Sheila Glover 12/08/2000 03:41 PM 
 Holli:  I have a conference call with EWEB's lawyer at 9 am PST.  I'll call you later.  Sara 
 Susan:  The tax rep is fine.  We are following up on the P/A, and Clement should respond re:  the guaranty.  Sara 
 Justin:  I am told by Theresa Brogan that Enron Networks requires an account with one of the prime brokers frequently used by ENA and other Enron Corp. subsidiaries and that you are handling this particular agreement.  ENA has negotiated multiple accounts with Morgan Stanley & Co. Inc. and Morgan Stanley & Co. International Limited (collectively, "Morgan").  We have an agreed form of Customer Agreement with Morgan which has been easy to duplicate for additional affiliates of ENA.  Also, we screen all agreements through credit and risk control (since our resolutions for opening brokerage accounts require dual signatures from both the Enron affiliate and risk control).  I don't know what your procedure is in London but let me know if we can be of any assistance.  Theresa is holding the docs until I hear back from you.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Stephanie:  Do we control the drafting? 
 John:  Thanks for your message.  I have asked Brent Hendry to give you a call.  Hope you're doing well.  Sara 
 Please email John re:  status.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Tana:  Here's the background info.  Do you want to prepare the ISDA CSA?  We will also need an amendment to replace the old with the new.  I now need to reread Tanya's message.  Sara 
 Tanya:  Both ENA (rate) and Enron Corp.(equity forwards)  are seekig master agreements with MSCS. Rod prepared a credit worksheet for the ENA agreement in June, 2000 and I will fax a copy to you separately.  (1)  With respect to the ENA master, is the ENA credit worksheet still current or does it need to be changed?  (2)  With respect to the Enron Corp. master (which will not have a CSA or an Enron Corp. guaranty), what cap should we request from Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co.?  Should it be $25MM as requested in the ENA document?  Please let me know. 
 I have a question about the ISDA Schedule and several comments to the form of confirmation.  To whom should I be speaking?  SS 
 Joe:  Susan emailed the docs to Larry Johnson and John Porter on 11/30/00.    Joseph Wagner@ENRON 12/11/2000 11:27 AM 
 Stephanie:  Can we get the SITA blackline out today?  We should put ENE guaranty in line for execution and let's push Clem for Friday at the latest.  Also, Matt Dawson has requested copy of latest docs AND he cannot locate the executed P/A.  I think you should try tax.  Let me know if you need my help.  Sara 
 Matthew:  Thanks for taking the time to chat this morning.  I am looking for a copy of the EnronCredit.com Limited documents so that I can speak with credit in Houston and have draft docs for you as soon as possible.  Please forward.  Regards.  Sara 
 Further to my message of yesterday evening, I have spoken with the MSCS lawyer in London and learned that EnronCredit.com Limited ("ECCL") has finalized its ISDA Master Agreement and CSA with MSCS.  ECCL is awaiting the ENE guaranty.  The lawyer is forwarding docs to me this morning and I understand they were heavily negotiated.  Tanya, will you be handling credit for both ENA and ENE?  I would like to chat with whomever is handling today, if possible.  I will forward ECCL to you both when I receive.  Thanks.  Sara 
 John:  Does this look alright for execution?  Sara 
 Tanya:  I've been meaning to touch base with you about:  In our form CSA, the Debt Rating Change is triggered ONLY off of S&P.  I thought this was a carry-over from ENE's previous split rating.  Does credit want to leave the trigger at "below BBB- by S&P" or also add in Moody's?  Thanks.  Sara 
 Matt and Denis:  I spoke with Matthew Flett about an hour ago and he advised that EnronCredit.com Limited had finalized its ISDA.  I requested a copy burt he has not yet sent it over.  Both ENE and ENA want to execute masters with MSCS and we would like to work from your document.  Can you email me a copy?  Thanks.  Sara 
 FYI until I get to it! 
 I am still waiting for the list of products which you are interested in trading with Brazilian counterparties.  SS 
 go to :  www.winemall.com 
 Holli:  We need to talk about status. I spoke yesterday with three EWEB lawyers and Dick Varner. I have to comment back on the Schedule to the master agreement.  EWEB has not yet reviewed the Credit Support Annex and needs to submit their proposed legal opinion.  EWEB is reserving discussion of the confirmations pending resolution of the master agreement.  Most important, however, is the EWEB legal opinion which will be limited by the capacity of EWEB's traders to enter into financial trades at any given point in time.  EWEB is insisting that we assume the obligation of knowing whether an EWEB trader is authorized to act and how that EWEB trader is authorized to act under EWEB's trading policy because, under Oregon law (and the law of all states), financial trades executed by unauthorized persons (employed by governmental entities) are completely void.  Your two trades (which began as physical deals and were transformed into financial deals) were authorized by EWEB's recent board resolution.  However, you cannot rely fully on this resolution for future trades.  Before you ever trade with EWEB again, you will not be able to rely upon your past relationship with an EWEB trader.  You will first have to conduct some due diligence with respect to the EWEB trader and the EWEB trading policy.  ENA has never agreed to this type of arrangement.  Let's schedule a time to discuss the agreement further.  Thanks.  Sara 
 I understand your concern but negotiating your future position is part of the agreement.    Holli Krebs 12/12/2000 01:34 PM 
 Greg:  I received the following email from RBC and am attaching a redline of changes.  Since ECC will be signing, let me know if you have any objections. Sara 
 FYI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 Tracy:  Tanya handled this last go round.  Sara 
 Aaron:  I spoke with both Matt Flett (Morgan counsel) and Denis O'Connell about the ISDA already negotiated by EnronCredit.com Limited.  Each was supposed to send me the draft docs for me to review and comment on for ENA.  I have not received anything yet but will comment immediately upon receipt.  I'll keep you up to date.  Sara 
 Dale prepared the docs below before he left town.  I have a question on the Schedule and will give you a call later.  SS 
 Dana:  What would be a convenient time for us to chat briefly about the legal issues associated with derivative transactions between ENA and municipal/governmental counterparties?  Please let me know.  Thanks.  Sara 
 All:  To whom should Risk Management & Trading Corp. ("RMT") direct the swap confirmation related to RMT's hedge management fee with Enron Nordic Energy (Norwegian branch of Enron Capital & Trade Resources International Corp.)? The previous transaction was dated February 24, 1999 and requires amendment.  Please let me know.  Sara 
 Tanya and Tana:  I am attaching the following (see the Security Agreement Amendment) as an example of what we did in the Chase amendment of the CSA.  Please note the use of longer dated government securities.  I don't know what we want to use with BofA.  Sara 
 Jay:   I'll wait to hear from you.  Sara 
 Laurel:  Please call me and let's talk.  SS 
 Susan:  This is an urgent matter for London.  We need to have this guaranty executed quickly and I will call Clem to describe the issue.  Please handle and follow up with me during the day.  Sara 
 Angela:  Please let me know how you want to proceed.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Blair:  Attached below is a redline version of the consent which has been approved by Enron Canada Corp.  Sara 
 The correct address is:  www.cawinemall.com 
 Thanks - but I can't open your document.  SS 
 Martin and Orjan:  Thank you for responding to my message.  I still need to know WHO will EXECUTE the confirmation on behalf of Enron Nordic Energy (Norwegian Branch of Enron Capital & Trade Resources International Corp.?  Clara is here in Houston and cannot sign for that entity.  Please advise.  Sara    Orjan Agdesteen 12/13/2000 02:16 AM 
 Denis:  I spoke with Clem and forwarded the attached guaranty.  I didn't read the guaranty so I don't know if it was negotiated or standard.  You should contact Clem about the urgent nature of the request as I am not familiar with the details.  Thanks.  Sara    Denis O'Connell 12/13/2000 07:13 AM 
 Many of you have been involved in recent efforts to either amend documents to provide for rehypothecation of securities or additional collateral arrangements, both resulting from cash constraints in the market. In that regard, it appears that our credit group will be very interested in accepting different forms of government obligations, including Treasury Bills, Treasury Notes and Treasury Bonds.  Our current version of Paragraph 13 does not have the "choice" for Eligible Collateral consisting of longer dated obligations such as Treasury Notes and Bonds; our earlier version did provide this option.  LEGAL:  When preparing new master agreements, please be specific about credit requests to include securities and verify with credit the specific types of Eligible Collateral to be included in Paragraph 13.  CREDIT:  When drafting credit worksheets, please be  specific when requesting types of Eligible Collateral other than cash.  We may consider amending Paragraph 13 again or adding additional forms of Eligible Collateral to Library Doc. 
 fyi 
 David:  We are drafting a credit derivative confirmation in connection with one of our year-end deals.  Will you or Jean be able to review the confirm with us? I look forward to hearing from you.  Regards.  Sara 
 Brant:  Please call me or schedule time to discuss Bridgeline ("CP").  In particular, you should note the following:  (1)  CP requests cross default with US 100 million for ENA and US 20 million for itself. (2)  Change in ownership as default trigger is different from your proposal. (3)  CP requests US 15 million Enron Corp. guaranty and increases its guaranty cap to US 15 million (4)  Docs to be delivered:  ONLY CP's guarantor to deliver annual unaudited/quarterly unaudited consolidated financials (5)  Review setoff (elimination of affiliates) (6)  Review transfer because CP has a proposal for ENA (7)  Change to collateral thresholds - bilateral US 15 million  Also, I think Susan verified with you that you did not intend to use a non-specific MAC (even though the credit worksheet is marked as such).  I'll wait to hear from you.  Sara 
 Janine:  With respect to the attached (internal) FX product for EOL, I just wanted to verify with you that internal counterparties should transact on EOL with:  (1)  RMT  (as principal for Houston FX desk)  (2)  EEFT as agent for RMT (as principal for London FX desk).  In this regard, was the services agreement between ENA and EEFT ever extended to include RMT for internal trades?  (3)  Enron Japan Corp. (as principal for Tokyo FX desk)  There appears to be some confusion since our meeting of November 3.  Thanks. Sara 
 Marcelo:  Thank you for your response.  Yes, I am still interested in having the two questions (mentioned in my email to you) answered.  We have several derivative transactions with Chilean parties and I would like to know of modifications to both the derivatives memorandum which you prepared for us in 1997 AND changes to our form of Schedule.  Please let me hear from you at your earliest convenience.  Regards,  Sara    "Marcelo Armas M." <marmas@philippi.cl> 12/13/2000 06:39 PM 
 Stuart:  I wanted you to be aware of the REASON for the holdup on your FX online product.  We are trying to resolve this issue as quickly as possible.  Sara 
 Attached is the first draft for Gary's group. Brent:  I'll give you a call on Wednesday. 
 Has legal received a credit worksheet on this counterparty?  Please give me= a=20 call (or John!).  Thanks.  SS 
 Jeff:  We will send the ISDA unless you prefer otherwise. Rod:  Will you prepare credit? Sara 
 Argentine CP. 
 Just got off the phone with the lawyer.  We have only minor comments and he needs to check with his credit people regarding the collateral threshold.  I will wait to hear back before sending out a revision.  Sara 
 We need to pursue now.  SS 
 I spoke with Joann Bigwood at Harvard and she will negotiate the agreement. We will comment to their prior draft.  I'm in CA until Thursday.  SS 
 FYI - Barton Clark called me to discuss spark spread concept.  I'll be in Brazil from 8/17-8/20.  However, I'll alert Carol St. Clair to the possibility of a call.  Sara 
 What's happening here?  Please call ASAP.  Thanks.  SS 
 SUPER congrats!!!  Can I buy you lunch before the millenium?  SS 
 Rod Nelson in credit forwarded the Gulf request and attachments.  ECTC's execution of the No Interest Letter is fine from a legal and credit perspective.  I agree wtih your analysis.  Sara 
 I will give you a revision to this doc and then I will need this printed on ECT letterhead.  SS 
 Can we update this information?  SS 
 I need to leave the office at 5 pm today.  Sara 
 Fine! 
 As both parties are reviewing the issues we discussed yesterday, will you be sending Harvard's form of guaranty for us to review?  I will be out of the office next week.  Sara 
 Per:  You don't need to do a thing!  Sorry for not getting back to you sooner.  Have a good weekend.  Sara 
 As both parties continue to explore the issues which we discussed yesterday, would you like to send us Harvard's form of guaranty?  I will be out of the office next week.  Thanks.  Sara 
 WHERE DOES THIS STAND???????????????????????????????  We need to contact Rodolfo.  Sara 
 FYI 
 SUBJECT TO LEGAL AND CREDIT APPROVAL (as to a particular transaction), I have asked Dale Neuner on the ECT confirmation desk, to please forward to you a "suggested format" for a pulp and paper confirmation.  Dale is an invaluable resource for these deals.  Not knowing anything further, I am uncertain as to whether this transaction will be documented on ECT's "omnibus format" or an "ISDA format", so Dale will probably send the omnibus format.  Tanya Rohauer is the credit guru.  I will update our review of Brazilian counterparties to determine whether we have any legal issues.  I will be in Sao Paulo tomorrow afternoon.  Sara 
 As you now know, I did not fly to BA from Sao Paulo.  Please let me know if you would like to set up a conference call (from Houston) or wait for me to return to Sao Paulo.  Sara 
 Can Brent handle this himself? 
 Attached are the latest documents from the ECT power trading group.  The documents distributed in March, 1999 were revised recently although no redline is available.  There are no other forms currently in use.  I'll speak with Elizabeth Sager about pending revisions.  Also, I will send to you both my thoughts regarding an action plan for the coming months.  Let me know if you need anything further and if I should be copying any business people/legal on our e-mails.  Sara 
 I've received a number of e-mails regarding the Duke confirmation.  Would you please advise as to status and send me a copy of the final confirm? 
 I will begin circulating a list of ECT/ S. Cone Counterparty master swap agreements.  Other than yourself, who else should receive these updates?  In particular, I am thinking of commercials in BA and/or Sao Paulo.  Would you encourage more frequent distribution?  Sara 
 I should be available almost any time.  You can check with Kaye.  SS 
 We're still trying to trace the wire.  And Elaine is happy with my new letter (so far).  I'll keep you posted.  SS 
 Are Pat's conclusions accurate?  SS 
 The e-mail references a memo previously prepared by Antonio Felix.  Can you tell me the date of that memo?  I only have two (2) Tozzini memos (12/26/97 and 2/20/98).  Thanks.  Sara    Michael Guerriero@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT  08/20/99 07:45 AM 
 Please send credit worksheet to Susan Bailey.  SS    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Help me understand HOW MANY Tozzini memoranda exist which address financial swaps and derivatives.  I e-mailed Michael about this attachment and I think his response was that Antonio Felix ADDED comments to the attachment.  I am not clear.  I am aware of only TWO Tozzini memos :  dated 12/26/97 (physical trading of energy) and 2/20/98 (local derivatives market).  Let's all start from the same point.  Thanks.  Sara 
 I'll be here.  Sara 
 I don't even know what they're doing to this area!  Maybe this is for new offices.  SS 
 Attached is the first report identifying financial master trading agreements generated by ECT's derivatives legal group.  This report will be updated and distributed weekly.  It only reflects documentation originated by Houston's legal department and the status of negotiations.  If you have any questions, please call me at 713/853-5620 or e-mail.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Under separate cover, I am faxing to you a copy of a "Table of Contents" for a collection of memoranda on various Brazilian issues (physical trading, derivatives, tax, etc. which I have copies of.  I have also received from you this morning the response of Antonio Felix et al to the inquiry of Gustavo Junqueira.  It will become increasingly difficult to monitor our progress with the Tozzini firm if the business people have direct contact with Tozzini and bypass the Enron lawyers.  We will not be able to compile a comprehensive review and the requests will become disorganized.  Requests for legal research by Tozzini should originate with the Enron lawyers and be addressed to the Enron lawyers.  We can then discuss conclusions with our business people (and even meet together with Tozzini).  I hope that you concur with this procedure.  If you do, I think that it would be more appropriate for you to contact the Tozzini firm to convey the message (and also to our business people).  Please call me when you are back in the Sao Paulo office if you have any questions.  P.S.  I will prepare for you the "mini-book" containing the memoranda referenced above. 
 I would only solicit their comments on other "projects".  SS 
 We can add TGS to this list and remind me on Monday to review.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Please call me at the office (713/853-5620) if you are still around. Otherwise, let's plan to speak with Richard Sanders(litigation)  first thing on Friday morning.  I have spoken with Julian.  Sara 
 I have spoke to Jeff Harbert about the use of "Fallback Reference Price" in the confirms and the need for an additional provision addressing "Postponement" (which will override our defintion of Postponement in the Master Agreement).  Please take note of this in preparing new confirms.  I have appropriate language.  Please call if you have any questions.  Sara 
 We will e-mail or fax directly to you and then you can fax to TGS.  Susan Bailey will send.  Sara 
 Per our  conversation of date, attached is ECT's most recent version of the ISDA Schedule and Credit Support Annex designed for use with Argentine counterparties.  As we discussed, I would like for you to review this format and determine whether changes are required as a result of legal developments in Argentina.  Please call me when you have had an opportunity to review the document.  We have had sent out several recent drafts using the attached format.  Also, any written materials which might prove useful are always greatly appreciated.  Thanks.  Sara  P.S.  I will try to schedule some time when I am in the B.A. office. 
 Do you have her e-mail address?  I spoke with her earlier and wrote down " pla@marvel.com.ar ".  That address doesn't work.  Thanks.  SS 
 Via fax, I am sending to you the new and old Annex A forms and a variety of new and old option (cap,floor, call,put,collar) formats.  Per our earlier conversation, I would truly appreciate your input.  The fax is about 40 pages.  Sara 
 Had a typo in your e-mail address! 
 I just spoke with Miriam Radich (Tiger's lawyer) and advised her of ECT's name change effective 9/1/99.  She advised that she will revise our docs TOMORROW.  Also, we will send a new blackline guaranty to Tiger (terms previously agreed) to reflect name change.  Per:  It may take several days to have the guaranties executed by Corp.  You need to give Marie advance notice on that front.  SS 
 Per my fax (37 pages) of 8/29/99, attached are copies of (1) the existing and proposed Annex A (general terms for the omnibus) and (2) proposed option formats for ISDA and omnibus.  My purpose was to "ISDAize" the omnibus particularly in the cap/floor/collar world.  Please note the Par.2 Payment section and revised definitions.  You do not have "old" confirm templates because I cannot acces on my computer (but all was included in the fax). Did you receive the fax?   SS 
 Per my voice mail.  Please call ASAP.  Thanks.  SS 
 Hey, Carson!  Sorry to hear about you and Melissa but I know that life can always get better (if you let it). I've finally finished my two-year project of replacing most of my landscaping with "native plants."  Of course, I'm rarely home to enjoy them but everything looks great on the weekends.  I'm dying under a load of work here but I know better than to complain too much.  GO ROCKETS! 
 I understand that you spoke with Mark Taylor about eliminating references to individuals in confirms.  I need to speak with you about the ISDA, omnibus and industrial master templates under revision and whether the drafted language conforms to your proposal.  In that regard, you may recall that swap templates were given to you several months ago.  The legal group is concluding a massive form review which necessitates confirm changes. Thanks.  Sara 
 In Part C. Financial Swaps of your report, please clarify two "preparing Master Swap" entries:  (1) is "Edes" meant to be "Eden", each LDC activity?  (2)  What is "CGC"?  The "under discussion" entries are unknown to us:  (1)  Piedra del Aguila (2)  PDA (3)  Wintershall (4)  Quintana (5)  Minera Alumbrera (6)  PAE  Thanks.  Sara 
 Marie will verify this information first thing in the a.m.:  The Duke master is dated August 16, 1999.  It was sent for execution (to Carol Graebner in Houston) on August 18, 1999.  I cannot verify whether execution copies have been received by ECT.  Sara 
 Thanks.  When you have Annex A ready, we'll have to tweak Annex B.  For example, I think we eliminated the term "Derivative Transactions" in Annex A (but it shows up in the Catalytica Annex B).  Bart Clark is the lawyer who is asking to receive the two annexes.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Although I am still waiting for another Brazilian visa, I would like to pose several potential dates to meet with you regarding Enron North America Corp. trading issues.  I am presently considering several time periods:  September 9,10, 12-17,19-24  Obviously, I can be available at any time during the month of Septermber as well as future months.  But I would like to get started as soon as possible.  If you could kindly e-mail or call me (713/853-5620), I can elaborate further.  Thank you.  Sara 
 FYI 
 A copy of the 8/31/99 letter from Erik Ludtke was received at 18:10 on fax no. "713 646 4818" addressed to the attention of "Assistant General Counsel".  This would conform to notices in the master agreement (for Sections 5 and 6), an executed copy of which we have never received or seen.  On a different matter, do you think that we can discuss the omnibus templates tomorrow?  I am pressed for a response.  SS 
 Effective immediately, all questions from the confirmation desk to legal should be routed to a designated paralegal on a quarterly basis (with the exception of the very first rotation) as follows:  Susan Bailey - X34737  September 1, 1999 - December 31, 1999 Susan Flynn  -  X30975                    January 1, 2000       - March 31, 2000 Marie Heard -  X33907                     April 1, 2000             - June 30, 2000  You will be advised of subsequent rotations.  Please do NOT route calls to Tana Jones who will be spending most of her time working on special projects for our group.  This procedure should not affect any existing arrangements you may have with a particular attorney.  Please contact me if you have any questions.  Sara 
 I have advised the confirmation desk of the following rotations:  Susan Bailey - September 1 - December 31, 1999 Susan Flynn - January 1 - March 31, 2000 Marie Heard - April 1 - June 30, 2000  We can continue the rotation on a quarterly basis.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks.  Sara 
 My apologies for leaving your names out!  Sara 
 Irene:  Due to the lateness of  discussions at Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp., I did not send any documents to you this evening.  However, I do have two different sets of drafts to send to you in the morning.  I have an ISDA without an annex (collateral built into the Schedule) and an ISDA with an annex.  We have had discussions regarding the use of Letters of Credit and Surety Bonds as acceptable forms of collateral and I may need some additional time to resolve the issues.  I will contact you early tomorrow to deliver docs and establish a timeline (if possible).  Thanks.  Sara 
 This attachment ONLY changes references from "ECT" to "ENA" to match the name change on the first page of the confirm.  We will revise Canadian Annex A in a similar fashion.  Subsequent template changes are forthcoming.  Sara 
 Do you have a revised "paper group" list?  Sara 
 Please schedule a meeting with Tana (at her convenience) to discuss NYMEX hedge exemption and related issues.  Thanks.  SS 
 Baby steps? 
 works fine for me. 
 Below is the link that I cannot reach.  Sara 
 Please take a look at the proposed language.  You will need to consider the time period before which a Market Disruption Event will kick in.:  Postponement:  For the purposes of the definition of "Price Source Disruption," as set forth in Section 7.4(c)(i) of the Commodity Definitions, the Maximum Days of Disruption shall be [thirty-two/sixty-four] days after the last date of publication of World Pulp Monthly, or any successor publication, published by Resource Information Systems, Inc. or its successor for the applicable Calculation Period. 
 The meeting is on our calendars for 9:30 am 9/3/99.  Let's talk about the NYMEX hedge exemption/position limits process and the reasons why you need attorney backup when Mark is unavailable.  Also, highlighting specific NYMEX rules and regulations/Enron trading policy issues for me would be helpful.  I am only looking for broad oversight.  We can meet with Mark when he returns (and have Taffy put us on Mark's calendar). Thanks.  Sara    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Need to know value of dispute. 
 I need to review the outstanding omnibus confirm for this paper/pulp counterparty.  I believe there is only one live trade.  Thanks.  SS 
 Under "Legal Issues ...", the fourth bullet point:  capitalize the words "Exemption" and "Eligible Swap Participant".  I'll be in the office for the next few days if something comes up.  Sara 
 I am still trying to resolve the question of who will advise you on the consulting and other agreements.  In the meantime, I have attached a form which you can use to create a report for your group.  This would be quite helpful to the lawyers in staffing the group more efficiently.  SS 
 Per our conversation, please advise of available dates.  We would like to schedule as soon as possible.  Thanks.  SS 
 please respond to my voice mail - ss    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Please review the attached "paper & pulp" doc for accuracy.  I've already marked the doc for accuracy (as far as I can tell) but I don't know if the general statements are accurate.  Please coordinate through Tana Jones.  I do not know who wrote the document, but I presume it was someone in London.  Sara 
 I am planning to travel to Argentina and Brazil in the next 10 days.  Will you be able to provide me with your written comments on the draft ISDA Schedule by September 10?  Also, will you be in the BA office during the period from September 13 through 25?  I will schedule a meeting with you as I finalize plans.  Enron's office will be closed on Monday, September 6.  I look forward to hearing from you after that date.  Regards.  Sara 
 Thank you for your earlier response.  Enron's offices will be closed on Monday, September 6 and I understand that your office will be closed on Tuesday, September 7.  Will you be available for a conference call on Wednesday, September 8?  I would like to discuss generally the financial trading issues which I will need to address.  I look forward to hearing from you.  Regards.  Sara 
 Look's like Argentina is shaping up!  Sara 
 This is short notice but let me know by midday if this works.  I can coordinate with Susan F.   Thanks.  Sara 
 I will coordinate with your schedules.  How about 3pm BA/SP time?  If not, just propose a time and I'll be there.  SS 
 Susan: (1)  Would you please verify the financial section of the attached report? (2)  Will you update the "Southern Cone" swap report and circulate as we have agreed.  Thanks.  If you have questions, holler.  Thanks.  SS 
 Rod:  Will we agree to this?  Do you want to call this person? or should I? SS 
 Let me first see if I can muster up enough legal people.  I'll let you know shortly.  SS 
 Is someone (or all of us) going to bring Susan up to date?  I would like for her to coordinate the lunch with the desk on Thursday if that date is selected. SS 
 (1)  I can confirm that the swap group has no financial (or physical) info on Bolivia.  You may want to check with Alan on the existence of any specific physical reviews on Bolivia.  (2)  Do you have some time to discuss the omnibus confirm process?  (3)  Have you heard further of Duke? 
 Our internal phone and voice mail system is all screwed up.  Is 3pm Houston (5pm BA) today too late for you to discuss omnibus? I haven't heard a word from Richard.  Scott Neal left a message about the Friday letter. Also, Bruce Harris called this morning about the issue of Elektro trading (Hickerson desk).  I am hoping that Antonio Felix can talk to me sometime on Wednesday.  He's then out for the rest of the week.  Coordination is getting complicated.  I'm supposed to get my visa today (so I can leave anytime). Talk to you soon.  SS 
 Thanks for the quick response.  On short notice, Thursday 9/9 did not work. I have two alternatives:  Friday, 9/10 and Wed., 9/15.  If you could advise of your availability by the end of today, I can give everyone a firm date. Thanks.  Sara 
 No more voice mails.  Call me or let's agree to a time.  Sara 
 Can't do 10 am!  Before or after works.  Let me know so I don't schedule a conflict with your preferance.  SS 
 I'll originate the call.  Also, I'd like discuss immediate trading objectives since I'm planning a trip down south in a few days and can be on the front end.  SS 
 Call first to make sure that I am here.  Sara 
 London traders are transacting from London in the names of both ECT(Houston) and ECTRIC(London) with DAPSA and Sempra.  The deal tickets are still being sent to Houston for confirmation preparation (rather than from London where the trade is actually consummated).  With respect to Sempra, we were previously advised that Sempra would not transact directly with ECTRIC absent a Master but this cannot be accurate because some Sempra deal tickets recite ECTRIC's name.  This message is FYI if there are no regulatory issues involved.  Houston will certainly document back-to-back internal transactions.  Sara 
 Marcie Youngerman just called with a request for a sample ISDA.  No CP name. Exclusions included. Today.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Mark your calendars for Wednesday, September 15.  Details to follow. 
 Do you all have comments? 
 I've left a voice mail for Michael Moulton to determine whether he wants to wait for Dan or proceed with either Teresa or Cynthia (and I left voice mails for them).  I'll let you know.  Thanks.  Sara 
 This has a lot of hair on it.  I'll take it.  SS 
 Please call to discuss.  SS 
 Just got the fax 
 I'll call you at 3pm BA to discuss omnibus.  Then we'll break and I'll dash over to meet with both Lynn Aven and Rick Hopkinson at Allen Center and we'll call you back to discuss tax etc.  SS 
 Dan:  please see if the attached draft works.  My extension is 35620.  Sara 
 I would like the credit group to respond to the following:  1.  What person in credit is the initial contact for the preparation of credit worksheets for structured transactions?  How can we insure that the process will run smoothly?  2.  Can we (credit and legal) schedule a meeting with a trader to walk through the actual termination amout calculation process?  3.  With respect to L/C's, does credit review incoming L/C's for content?  If not, we need to establish a procedure? 
 Kaye tells me that the hotel that you and Mark recommend is not an Enron approved hotel.(I think it's a Sheraton?).  Do you know a nearby hotel which is approved?  We can chat during our later call.  SS 
 The name of the BA lawyer who I will be meeting with next week is: Patricia Lopez Aufranc The firms's phone number is:                            011-5411-4310-0100 The firm's fax number is:                             011-5411-4310-0200  Patricia's e-mail address:  pla@marval.com.ar  I have sent an e-mail requesting information about a tax lawyer.  Sara 
 I will be in Enron's BA office from September 14 - September 17 (Tuesday - Friday).  I would like to schedule some time to review the ISDA Schedule previously sent to you for comment.  Other than the morning and early afternoon of Sept. 15 (Wed.), I am free to schedule an appointment with you. If you have comments to the Schedule, please send them to me in Houston.  I will be in the Houston office until Monday afternoon.  Also, does the Marval firm have an English speaking tax lawyer who could assist Enron Houston tax on Argentine trading issues?  Please let me know as soon as possible.  I look forward to hearing from you.  Regards.  Sara 
 Please see reference to tax attorney below.  Sara 
 What do I need to do to open this doc?  SS 
 The Alley is NOT holding any tickets for me.  All I want to know is whether "McKeogh" at "713-664-3207" has a ticket for a performance on Friday, March 3 since I do not have the tickets in front of me.  They should be able to tell you or just email the Box Office phone number to me. Also, I can't do anything about flights until I return to Houston on Monday.  Thanks.  SS 
 Does such a document exist and, if so, do you have a copy?  SS 
 Do you have a draft? 
 These guys don't play fair.  This morning the lawyer called with additional changes to the guaranty and L/C provisions (based on an 8/31/99 letter which we never received). 
 PLEASE send.  thanx 
 We have finally agreed as the content of letter and I may need Gary to sign it.  Do you happen to have a copy of an agreement signed between ECT (or RMT) and EI as to this deal?  SS 
 I will not be arriving in BA this week.  Will you be available either Sept. 23 or 24?  I will be in Enron's BA office on those two days.  I can meet at your convenience.  With respect to your comments to our ISDA Schedule, please let me know when to expect your comments.  You previously indicated that I would receive comments by Sept. 10.  Also, could you please fax the article.  It was apparently scanned.  We can only open word documents and we cannot open the article which which was sent and resent on Friday, Sept. 10.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Greetings!  I hope that we can make certain plans to meet when I am in Sao Paulo and to have a telephone conversation this week.  I will arrive in Sao Paulo on Sunday, Sept. 19.  Andrea Bertone and I will be meeting with Jose Emilio on Monday, Sept. 20. regarding physical trading matters.  Would you be able to meet with me at Enron's office on either Tuesday or Wednesday, Sept. 21 (preferably) or Sept. 22 to discuss certain aspects of financial trading?  I will be able to clarify the specific issues this week.  I would also like to schedule a telephone call this week, say Wednesday or Thursday to discuss.  Please e-mail me as to whether we can meet in Sao Paulo.  I will try to call you today.  Let me know if you have a convenient time.  Sara 
 Thank you for the message!  Let's schedule the following: (1)  Phone call on Thursday, Sept. 16 to discuss parameters for financial trading discussion.  I can call you at 1 pm (Houston time) which is 3 pm (Sao Paulo time).  (2)  Meeting in Enron's Sao Paulo office on Tuesday, Sept. 21 in the morning.  Anytime is convenient for me.  Do you have a preference?  How about 9 am?  I will not need to call you today if we can schedule our conference call and meeting in Sao Paulo via e-mail.  Thank you for responding promptly. Regards.  Sara 
 The form of this confirmation looks good.  Is Dale amending the "auto termination" provision?  SS    Enron North America Corp. 
 Please check "master" section for changes.  SS 
 Attached is my effort to address the waiver of conflict issue in these agreements. 
 Attached is a copy of the letter that Dan is currently reviewing.  Sara 
 Please prepare an ISDA comparison for SMUD using the attached form of Schedule.  Stewart Rosman is Enron's commercial contact in Portland.  SS 
 How about 2 pm on Thursday, Sept. 23 in your office?  Please let me know. Regards.  Sara 
 Yes, thank you very much.  I will call you Thursday morning to finalize plans.  May Brent Hendry join us if he is available?   Regards.  Sara 
 I have rescheduled my visit to Brazil and Argentina for next week.  I will arrive in SP on Sunday, Sept 19.  I have meetings all day  Monday and Tuesday morning.  I will fly to BA Wednesday evening, Sept. 22.  I'll be in the BA office Thursday and Friday, Sept. 23 and 24, and my only scheduled meeting is Thursday afternoon.  Please let me know if and when you would like to meet. I hope I have an opportunity to see you and catch up on your activity.  Sara 
 Hello!  I'll be visiting the Sao Paulo office next week to discuss physical and financial trading issues with Tozzini lawyers.  This time, I'll arrive on  the weekend and hopefully beat any new hurricanes!  Andrea and I have confirmed our meeting throughout the day Monday to discuss documentation for physical power transactions.  I'll be reviewing financial trading issues during the remaining period.  Thus far, reviews are preliminary in nature. I'll be flying to Buenos Aires Wednesday evening.  I hope you'll be in the office so that we can meet.  I look forward to seeing you again.  Sara 
 Thursday, Sept. 23:  lunch and meeting if you're available. 
 I'm swamped at the moment and I'll be in South America next week.  I then have vacation.  Maybe Shari can help you now.  Just let me know.  SS 
 Attached is my preliminary description of financial products for trading in Brazil.  I will speak with Antonio Felix on Thursday.  Please let me know if you have comments.  Thanks.  Sara 
 per my voice mail - c me 
 I have scheduled a conference call with Antonio Felix on Thursday Sept  16 at 3pm Sao Paulo time.  I am initiating the call.  I will discuss the types of products which the Enron "family" is primarily interested in analyzing with respect to legality (in general), taxation, type of entity appropriate for conducting business and procedure for implementation.  I hope to narrow the focus of the legal review, identify other issues and will ask that legal fees be broken out by product.  On Tuesday, Sept 21, I will meet with Antonio Felix at Enron's offices in Sao Paulo at 9 am.  Everyone is welcome to join me for both the conference call and meeting in Sao Paulo.  Please let me know if you would like to participate.  Thanks.  Sara 
 I will call you at 3 pm (Houston time) which is 5 pm (Sao Paulo time). Please confirm.  Regards.  Sara 
 This call has been changed to 3 pm (Houston time) which is 5 pm (Sao Paulo time).  Please let me know if you would like for me to conference you in. Sara 
 I will initiate the call and I will also conference in Andrea Bertone. Attached is a short list illustrating the types of financial products about which our commercial people are inquiring.  My goal is to discuss parameters for further legal/tax research required to assist Enron in deciding how to trade these products.  I look forward to our conversation.  Sara 
 Have you decided who will be assisting tax-wise for these two countries?  I have a conference call this afternoon at 3 pm (Houston time) with Antonio Felix de Araujo Cintra from the Tozzini firm regarding further research on derivative products for trading in Brazil.  Attached is a summary of products and the various Enron groups seeking answers.  If you would like to participate in person or by conference, please let me know.  I will be in Sao Paulo from Sept 20-22 and Buenos Aires from Sept 23-24.  In Brazil, I will be meeting again with Tozzini lawyers.  In BA, I'll be meeting with Marval lawyers.  Let me know if you would like to participate in any way.  Sara 
 ??????????? 
 How about Friday, Sept. 17, at 9 am (Houston time) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo) time?  Please advise.  Sara 
 I just received an e-mail from Antonio Felix's assistant CANCELLING today's call (because Antonio Felix is still in Rio).  I'm trying to reschedule for Friday morning, Sept. 17.  I'll let you know when I hear.  Thanks.  Sara 
 please try to verify.  Thanks.  Sara 
 The call was cancelled.  I am waiting to hear about a possible call Friday morning.  Sara 
 The draft you received has been approved by Dan.  If you would like this executed, please let me know.  Sara 
 As a result of our luncheon with the confirm desk yesterday, could someone develop a comprehensive list identifying all omnibus attachments?  If you think any other pertinent information could be included, please feel free to add it.  Thanks.  Sara 
 I e-mailed your assistant earlier this morning and have had no response.  Can we reschedule the phone call for 9 am (Houston) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo) on Friday, Sept. 17?  Please advise.  Sara 
 The conference call has been rescheduled for Friday, Sept. 17 at 9 am (Houston) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo).  I will initiate the call.  If anyone would like to be conferenced in or attend in person, please let me know. Thanks.  Sara 
 I am forwarding to you guidelines prepared for global products trading.  It's a good starting point.  I am currently working on guidelines for Argentina which will address both physical and financial trading.  Other "guidelines" exist in limited form for the remote offices in Singapore and Australia.  I am checking on London. I'm not exactly certain as to what you are looking for.  Obviously the foreign offices have issues that may not apply in the US (although LA. is about as close as you can get to a third world country).  One thing that doesn't show up in the attachment is the swap eligibility issue.   Let me know how I can help further.  Sara 
 see below.  It looks like the 2-day L/C issue is an issue.  I'll call you shortly. 
 Hi back!  and Happy New Year too!  To what do I owe this small pleasure?  I'm fine in Texas, still hanging out with Phoebe and Chloe, working hard, etc. Where are you living these days?  N.O.?  Atlanta?  Memphis?  Eleuthra?  St. Petersburg?  Amelia Island Plantation?  I've simply lost track!  As for me, well, I lead the simple life, own a little house in West University, own a little car (I had to buy a new one recently - the 14-year old 380 SE started scaring me a bit), you know, the usual.  Are you selling burgers up and down the east coast?  Have you gone international?  In a new franchise business? How's your family?  Got to get back to work!  This weekend I'm off to Sao Paulo and Buenos Aires on business.  SARA 
 Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines (physical and financial) for the London traders.  I am trying to develop similar guidelines for the Southern Cone regions (first Argentina) and thought your expertise would be very helpful.  Could you send me a set?  I'm leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow.  Thank you for your help. Regards.  Sara 
 (if .....) (iii)   definitive agreements acceptable to Party A in its sole discretion regarding the debt and all other aspects of [the project to be owned by Party B], including but not limited to the senior debt facility, commitments and all project documents, have been fully negotiated and executed and the [project] has been brought to financial close. 
 fyi 
 Please review the attached memo to verify that I have identified all of the products that you are interested in trading in Brazil.  I will be in Sao Paulo on Monday, September 20, 1999.  Thank you, Sara 
 Mark, I mentioned this problem several weeks ago.  Did you ever respond to Willie's most recent inquiry?  Sara 
 I was unable to speak with Andrea but left her a voice mail.  I'll let you know if I hear from her before your afternoon meeting.  Sara 
 see attached 
 attached 
 I'm going blind.  Where's the attachment?  ss    Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI 
 Please have Gary review this message. 
 yes  (Kaye - please place on my calendar) 
 letter on ECT letterhead and signed 
 I'll be glad to help you out from Enron's remote offices and while in Houston during the week of Sept. 27 - Oct.1.  Please note the following:  1.  I'll be in Enron's Sao Paulo and BA offices from Sept 20 - Sept. 24   AND 2.  I'll be on vacation from Oct. 2 - Oct. 9  You may need to contact me through my assistant Kaye Ellis (Ext. 35968) or one of the paralegals (try Marie Heard, Susan Bailey or Susan Flynn).   Sara 
 No, in general there is a netting issue with French counterparties.  The "quick fix" is to only permit ONE Transaction using a deemed ISDA.  The broader issue to be resolved is that one of the parties must be a "financial institution" under French law.  We tried to push ECT into that defintion, but without success.  The next step is to require  an opinion from outside counsel identifying our counterparty as that financial institution. SS ps - Tanya is well aware of the situation 
 NON-smoking! 
 is out of the office until tomorrow afternoon.  ss 
 FYI 
 fyi 
 Your switchboard does not answer and I'd like to speak with you.  Please call me at 713/853-5620.  We'll e-mail two identical Schedules to you in word.  Enron Capital & Trade Resources entered into an ISDA with Barclays in 1995 and that Schedule was virtually identical to the one we're sending.  We therefore do not expect there to be many issues.  The banks should serve as Calculation Agents and confirming agents so we will look to them for the confirmations.  Look forward to finalizing these documents with you.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Thanks so much for you help!  I can't begin to tell you how many phone calls I've had from people all over the world on this tiny matter.  Sara 
 I have a 1998 opinion which addresses only a few issues but it's a start. Let me know if we should proceed further.  SS 
 We are presently contacting Morgan Stanley Dean Witter to facilitate opening of an account for EPHXII to trade ADRs.  You will need to provide a resolution authorizing opening of the account as well as an authorized trader list and other contacts.  We will provide you with drafts.  I am certain that the broker will accept fax signatures and then follow up with originals.  For future reference, will this be an isolated instance (i.e., deal specific) or will these accounts become more routine?  Just wondering if S. Cone has a formal trading policy or if trading is still deal specific.  SS 
 AA has real problems with loans disguised as swaps.  Who is reviewing this from an accounting viewpoint?  The accounting treatment could impact the deal.  ps.  I'm leaving for a 1-week vacation on Friday, Oct. 1 
 Sorry, I've been tied up all day.  Rod and I just spoke and he is thinking about the NAV issue. Regarding setoff, we can agree to Tiger's language BUT credit will not permit ENA affiliates to trade with Tiger.  That's your issue.  Will you agree. We will not agree that all collateral be held in NY. There is still an issue about Relevant Price and the possibility of fewer than three dealers. We cannot finalize L/C and MAC issues until we see Tiger's redraft which we have not received.  Let's talk.  ss 
 This is an ECM deal which is supposed to fund Thursday, Sept. 30.  Would someone please review the tax rep modifications?  We just received the attached at 5:45 pm this evening.  Thanks.  SS 
 Please review the REVISED tax reps ASAP.  The deal funds tomorrow am. 
 Tom Kabat, Senior Resource Planner, Resource Management Division for the City of Palo Alto, Utilities Department, gave me his card yesterday and said he wanted to get an ISDA started for future trading.  He asked if we had ISDA's with any other cities, that is, it might make his job easier.  Are you guys sending follow-up letters to the attendees?  SS  Phone:  650/329-2659  Fax:  650/326-1507 
 Please ignore this message.  Rhett is handling.  Thanks.  SS 
 RE the message attached from Brian Swinford, Lynn advises that you are familiar with CIESA (I am not!).  I don't know anything about a prior interest rate swap.  By copy of this e-mail I am asking Pat Cini to suggest how we might proceed.  If you have further information, please let us know. Thanks.  Sara 
 I sure hope you're wrong LA!  I can't wait to get out of town.  I'll be back in Sao Paulo soon. maybe late October. Regards.  Sara 
 Taffy - my last name is spelled "Shackleton".  Thanks.  ss 
 I love you so much.  And you send great messages.  My life has always been a mess.  I never had a chance to tallk to you about Cuba and I'm totally fascinated with the island.  I sat next to this lawyer from NY on the flight from BA to Miami and he's recently separated and wants me to dump Mike.  I have a "house sitter" while I'm on vacation (thought I'd try it out since you probably would!).  Mike asked the concierge at "The Argyle" to make reservations from a list I prepared.  All of your suggestions except Parkway Grill appear.  How do people in LA dress for dinner? HELP!  I have to pack tonight.  I need new shoes.  I'll be in the office tomorrow until 4:15pm. Bye now ................... Sass 
 I knew you were going to say that!  But, dubba, what KIND of clothes?  Do I need to bring jewelry? money? stockings?  I mean, what did YOU wear in LA? What would you like for me to bring you?  nachos?(ha, ha)  The phoebebee says hi.  Call me later if you're working.  ss 
 Per my voice mail - 
 fyi 
 Keep this for future reference.  Sara 
 Not today!  sara 
 The only policy that I've seen is the "Interim Southern Cone Electricity Trading Policy" dated July 29th, 1999 and which does authorize financial electricity trading in Brazil.  I'm not aware of  policy (maybe there is none) or resolution (maybe each will be deal specific) which addresses the opening of brokerage accounts and equity trading (even for hedging purposes).   I think we should monitor the activity and see if it's going to be sporadic.  I'll be in the office today until 4 pm.  Sara 
 fyi 
 Let me know if this works.  Sara 
 Mark, you may recall my memo to you in April, 1999 which indicated that for netting purposes, the conditions included:  1.  The transaction must be governed by a market standard master agreement or occur on a French regulated market  2.  One of the parties must be (a) an "investment firm" within the meaning of the law of 2nd of July, 1996, (b) an instituion or firm benefitting from the provisions of article 25 of the Law or (c) a non-resident entity having a "comparable status"  The term "investment firm" embodies financial type institutions which recieve and transmit order for financial instruments for third parties.  There are 12 categories of article 25 firms (including Bank of France, insurance companies, broker types, etc.)  .For example, one murky designation includes "persons who supply an investment service which is ancillary to their professional activity, provided the rules governing such activity do not prohibt the carrying on of investment services".  Slaughter and May has advised that they could assist us in determining whether our French counterparty fit this category and it definitely needs to be discussed with the counterparty (and extract a rep from them as well).  There are other categories as well.   I have a copy of the law if you would like to review.  The non-resident entity having "comparable status" is the category WE were trying for fit into without much success.  Tana tells me that I have given you misinformation.  Perhaps the law has changed and Justin has a recent update.  ENA has a Soc Gen master, and we have recently sent a Deemed ISDA to a French corporate (one shot deal only). 
 Mark and I met yesterday.  I am NOT making my proposed changes to either Section 2 or Section 8 of the Omnibus other than adding definitions for "Option" and "Floor Amount" to Section 8.  This does not interfere with all of our other general changes to Annex A (which include the comment about "Total Premium" which should conform to the online version).  So, Annex A is ready to go!  Sara 
 Guess what?  Lotus Notes prompted me that there was more than one "Marie Heard"!  Could this be true or do I have a virus?  SS 
 I'm trying to revise Annex A.  Mike Etringer (in Portland) would like for this to go out today.  I'm leaving at 4 pm.  Thanks.  SS 
 FYI 
 Can you talk late this afternoon? In connection with the "trading issue", have you taken a look at the services agreement ? 
 Hello there!  Hope all is well.  Will you be at the legal conference later this month?  Would you please provide us with information identifying the specific entity requiring the brokerage account and a brief description of the transaction for which the account is required.  Also, for purposes of your unanimous consent or resolution,  you should note that either of Ted Murphy or Rick Buy should be one of the two signatories required for opening the account.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Sara 
 I hope that there is no more confusion!  The opening of each brokerage account should require two signatures for control purposes.  ONE of those signature MUST BE either of Ted Murphy or Rick Buy (their titles frequently change but check the Enron Corp. corporate workbook).  The SECOND signature MUST BE an officer of the entity opening the account.  We suggest the level of authority used by ENA but certainly whatever appears in the entity's unanimous consent or resolution authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts.  I think that Marie previously sent you a form.  Let us know if you have any questions.  What is the timing on the Enron Brazil Power Holdings XII Ltd. account?  Regards.  Sara 
 Would you please verify the accuracy of Parts C and D of Brent's report? Thanks.  Sara 
 Remember this one?  Does anyone else in underwriting need to see this?  SS 
 FYI - Sara 
 Who will be helping me with this confirmation? 
 Regards from Houston!  I hope you are well and busy.  I just wanted to follow up on our very productive meeting of September 21, 1999.  Enron North America  and Enron South America  are still quite anxious to continue our analysis of the various components of financial trading.  I believe that you were going to prepare some type of matrix to help identify the various legal issues and practical aspects associated with financially transacting in Brazil.  We would then add tax and regulatory analyses to the possibilities.  If my memory serves me correctly, we had identified transactions by the Enron entity ("ENE") as follows:  1.  cross-border swaps (a)  ENE offshore FINANCIAL INSTITUTION and Brazilian entity (b)  ENE offshore (not financial institution) through CC-5 Account with authorized Brazilian bank and Brazilian entity  NOTE:  enforceability issues with 1(b)  2.  local swaps (a)  ENE onshore entity and Brazilian FINANCIAL INSTITUTION (or ENE onshore FINANCIAL INSTITUTION and Brazilian resident) (b)  ENE onshore entity and Brazilian entity (not financial institution) registered with the BM&F or CETIP through intermediary  NOTE:  compliance with existing regulations as to specific reference products is required as to 2(a) and 2(b)  3.  "pure" OTC swaps (a)  ENE onshore entity and Brazilian onshore entity (b)  ENE offshore entity and Brazilian offshore entity  NOTE:  3(a) presents enforceability issues under Brazilian law and 3(b) presents no issues whatsoever  We look forward to your response as soon as possible and would also like to know when we may hear from you.  In connection with your response, please note that we are interested in the recent changes to the laws for acquiring banks (bankrupt or otherwise).  Regards to Marcelo and Jose Emilio.  Sara 
 Would you please prepare and coordinate with Jeff Harbert?  Thanks.  Sara 
 Hi there!  A quick refresher course for me with respect to French derivatives trading (not a bank).  In transacting with a French corporate, should we request articles and bylaws for capacity and ALSO a due authorization opinion?  I think that this is correct.  However, if we are transacting with an "S.A.", we should NOT request articles and bylaws but only the due authorization opinion.  My notes on these items are confusing.  Could you please respond in the morning?  Thanks.  Sara  p.s.  We are currently operating under the "one Transaction rule" with French non-bank entities in order to avoid the netting problem. 
 (1)  Susan sent PSE&G a sample ISDA on 5/5/99  (2)  I spoke with attorney on 5/13/99 and am awaiting further credit info from the CP before turning around a draft.  By copy of this e-mail, I am asking Susan to follow up and report back to you.  Sara 
 I am forwarding to you several e-mails received today regarding this transaction.  We are going to send out another draft confirmation for this commodity spread swaption.  Sara 
 fyi 
 FYI 
 We are trying to revise the draft transaction confirmation per Sean's e-mail of date.  The original confirm was prepared for "Catalytica, Inc." and the credit included an additional event of default (cross-default) with thresholds of $10 million for Catalytica and $50 million for Enron North America.  Sean has requested that "Catalytica, Inc." be REPLACED with the sub "Catalytica Combustion Systems".  Should the credit remain the same?  We are withholding release of this confirm pending a response from underwriting.  Thanks.  Sara 
 In an effort to establish regular communication on the progress of trading issues (primarily related legal and tax perspectives)  in the S. Cone, Lynn and I have agreed to conference on Friday, October 15 at 9 am (Houston time) and weekly at that time.  Would anyone else like to participate this Friday? If you are interested in participating on a weekly basis, are Fridays at 9 am (Houston time) convenient for you?  My immediate concerns are financial trading issues.  However, we can focus on all relevant issues as we so determine.  I will create a "short list" to initiate discussion.  Thanks. Sara 
 FYI 
 Attached is a draft report to initiate Friday's discussion.  Please provide comments, suggestions, etc.  Thanks.  Sara 
 I'm fine with Randy's suggestion.  Let me know about you and I'll e-mail Randy back.  I am still planning our Friday morning call (it should be short) because I want your input on "tracking projects".  Brent will participate and I haven't heard from anyone else.  Sara 
 Please fax the entire confirmation.  Thanks.  Sara 713-646-3490 (fax) 
 Lucy Ortiz on the confirmation desk is awaiting your response re: my e-mail of 10/11/99.  Please let us know when you have determined the appropriate counterparty.  If you have any questions, please call.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Will you follow up with this guy?  Great seminar.  I enjoyed your talk.  SS 
 Sean's comments 
 How would you like to handle?  We could do a Deemed ISDA if you feel comfortable that the counterparty will sign the ISDA.  How long is the deal? SS 
 We will conference you in at 9 am (Houston).  Thanks.  Sara 
 Hope you are well!  I had a wonderful vacation in L.A.  I never made it to either the Norton Simon or the Getty; I'll just have to plan another trip to the west coast.  In connection with your recent review of our standard ISDA Schedule, Credit Support Annex and legal opinion (the "Documents"), could you please advise as the whether additional provisions are required or advisable in any of the Documents when our counterparty is an Argentine public utility, municipality or other type of regulated entity.  In the U.S., we use the ISDA Multicurrency - Cross Border boilerplate and incorporate most of the ISDA municipal language and some of our own into the Schedule for municipals and governmental entities.  However, for public utilities which are general corporates (and not governmentally owned), we take a different approach and incorporate language which might trigger an "Additional Termination Event" for "regulatory type developments" (e.g., orders issued by a public utility commission) which would cause or might cause our master agreement to become void or unenforceable or similar swap agreements to become void or unenforceable.  For example:  "The filing of a motion, pleading, application or other similar action in any proceeding or action by Party B, a commission, regulatory agency or other entity having jurisdiction over Party B, in respect of Party B, or in respect of any other similarly situated entity organized under the laws of the state(s) in which Party B is located or regulated, to the effect that performance under this Agreement or one or more Transactions hereunder or similar agreements is unlawful or that this Agreement or one or more Transactions hereunder or similar agreements are void or voidable."  By fax, I will send you our Municipal Schedule.  Please advise as to changes in both the (i) Schedule and (ii) legal opinion for both (a) public utilities (corporates, non-governmental) and governmental entities (municipals, public agencies, governmental utilities, etc.).  Please call if you have any questions.  Regards.  Sara 
 Randy, I can certainly participate in your Tuesday morning meetings (and I can appreciate the time constraints under which Andrea is working!).  I believe that Lynn will defer to Rick's participation.  Please let me know if there is a call in number.  I think that I will be able to keep you updated through your meetings.  My need for meeting with Lynn and Brent stems from the fact that we are "offshore" Brazil and need to communicate regularly to keep the fires burning. Have a great weekend!  I just got back from my vacation - I went to L.A. - and the weather was extraordinary.  So was the food.  I'm looking forward to Sao Paulo.  Will see you soon.  Sara 
 Where is the meeting?  Sara     Calendar Entry   Brief description: Date: Time:  discussion of setting up a power marketing arrrangement in a foreign country 10/18/99 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM   Detailed description:   Invitations have been sent to: Alan Aronowitz/HOU/ECT, Sara Shackleton/HOU/ECT _________________________________________________________________________ Chairperson: Lou Stoler/HOU/ECT This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the meeting ). 
 Do you mean to say something like this for the second Floating Price:  The average of (i) the settlement price for the Novermber NYMEX Light Sweet Crude Oil Futures Contract on October __, 1999 and (ii) the average of the daily settlement prices for the December NYMEX Light Sweet Crude Oil Futures Contract for each Commodity Business Day in October, 1999  Please let me know.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Did Chris call you about this?  SS 
 Would you please schedule for me the following weekly meetings:  1.  Fridays 9am Houston - Brazil trading meeting (conference call)  2.  Tuesdays 10am Sao Paulo time - ESA Legal Management Committee Meeting (currently 7am Houston time but changes with Brazil daylight savings) see separate e-mail for call in number 
 see call in number 
 Sheer volume! (has kept me from being up to date).  It's at the top of the list and I promise it by next week.  I do need to speak with you about this Duke issue which has apparently created some confusion over here.  Seems to me there are three issues here: (1) ECT's consent toDuke Energy Trading and Marketing LLC releasing the master to its affiliate, (2)  credit's assessment of trading with two Duke entities and (3) issues particular to trading power in Argentina (if any). Who is in charge of addressing Duke?  SS 
 In connection with the ISDA negotiations, PG&E is insisting on revising our "Limitation of Liability" language"  "...PROVIDED, HOWEVER,THAT NOTHING IN THIS PROVISION SHALL AFFECT THE ENFORCEABILITY OF SECTION 6(e) OF THIS AGREEMENT with respect to incidental damages."  PG&E claims that it will never be responsible for consequential damages and that certain elements of "Loss" comprise consequential damages (PG&E always agrees to "Market Quotation"). Have you ever prepared a list of the "Loss" components? Can you assess before I go to Haedicke (or is this a non-starter)? Thanks.  Sara 
 need attachment 
 Shouldn't someone contact Amoco?  I mentioned this to Carol St. Clair last week but I don't know if anyone thought further about it.  Sara    Enron North America Corp. 
 I know that you were in the Rio office during the latter part of last week. I sent you an e-mail last week to see how you were doing with the research/memo.  I also called Marcelo Rodrigues and left a message.  I have not heard from either you or Marcelo and I am anxious to continue our dialogue.  Please e-mail or call at your earliest convenience.  Thanks.  Sara 
 insert this paragraph as marked on the document.  ss 
 Either sounds good.  But let's do Friday!  SS 
 no way!  never mind, OK!  have fun.  I'll miss you.  Sara 
 I am about to engage the Johannesburg firm of Webber Wentzel Bowens to proceed with a response to ENA's questionnaire.  ISDA has used this firm. Has ECTRIC done any previous studies in South Africa?  Please let me hear from you today, if possible.  Thanks and regards.  Sara 
 Yes, I've received messages but have not heard from the right person. However, I want to clean up the transaction itself.  Why is it a swaption? ss 
 I see that you completed an ISDA comparison in late September.  What has happened with it?  SMUD is calling.  Can you advise Stuart Rosman ASAP?  SS 
 jointly to Morris Clark and Steve Douglas 
 Was this meeting cancelled yesterday?  It wasn't on my calendar? 
 I am sitting in on this conference call as I write this message.  Brent just mentioned that you were preparing an analysis addressing "trading locations" to present to Don.  Randy is interested in seeing your written response.  Do you need anything from me?  Also, I heard from AFAC by e-mail yesterday and he said that Marcelo was working on a memo (which I was to receive yesterday!).  We may need Randy to intercede and keep the lawyers working on ALL projects.  Apparently AFAC handles all Central Bank issues for Tozzini and Cuiaba has these issues now.  ss 
 Call me when you're free and we can talk to Rolo..  I've looked at their comments.  Sara    Enron North America Corp. 
 AFAC - Thank you for your response.  It is difficult for me when I do not hear from you since I am not in Sao Paulo but I understand that you were engaged in other Enron matters.  I am looking forward to your response since the trading issues are not going away (the issues seem to only multiply). Once "the Enron group" has had an opportunity to review, we would like to schedule another meeting with you and Marcelo in Sao Paulo.  I look forward to receiving the memo and chart.  Thank you and regards.  Sara  P.S.  Please phone or e-mail when you are sending the memorandum. 
 All:  I know that AFAC is busy with Enron matters.  However, I received this response from him on Monday (yesterday).  I have not spoken with either AFAC or Marcelo but it appears that they are very close to at least a "first draft".  My thought is that we review the response and identify specific areas and/or issues for refinement and then schedule a meeting in S.P.  I'll advise as soon as I hear further.  Sara 
 I haven't reviewed yet but here it is!  Sara 
 Yes.  This would be a helpful "insert" in the negotiations manual.  I always worry that we receive explanations about a variety of issues and we don't keep a written record of the advice received.  SS 
 Dale:  can you have someone review the transaction terms.  I'm not sure that this is a swaption.  I'll also take a look.  I do not have a voice yet but I am in the office.  Sara 
 I know nothing.  SS 
 David:  Could I see a copy of the AMEREX below referenced agreement which you approved?  I would appreciate your response today.  Thanks.  Sara 
 What is Merrill? 
 Sorry to have to respond via e-mail but I've got laryngitis (although I should be in most of the day today).  The actual opening of the agreement is simple because we have a good broker relationship and the agreement is acceptable to us.  BUT, the broker WILL NOT open the agreement until we can submit the underlying authority which includes:  authorizing resolutions (or unanimous consent) from the account party trading authorization number of signatures for transacting  Marie previously sent "samples" of the the underlying documentation to Robert George.  We have not received anything to date.  When we receive the information, we can fax EVERYTHING to the broker and the account can be opened immediately and then followed up by original hard copies.  Let me know if you have any further questions.  Sara 
 You indicated that you'd be finished by Wednesday.  Can you give me the comparision?  Thanks.  Sara 
 So  you were able to put Janet in her place!  If you have questions, please come in  my office.  I can write and shake my head "yes" or "no"!  Sara 
 Mike, thanks for your patience.  I have severe laryngitis so I cannot even speak.  I received a copy of the index for the Utah statute to which Deseret is subject.  I'm afraid that I need Utah counsel to answer my questions.  I'm working on that right now.  If you call me, I'll only be able to respond via e-mail.  Sara 
 I'd like to attend.  SS 
 Sorry I can't wish you well in person but I have a severe case of laryngitis!. Fortunately, I'm on antibiotics but the doctor said "Don't speak for 3 days.  I wish my wife would get laryngitis."  Maybe the desert air in Arizona would bring relief.  I love saguros (is that right?)  Daddy thought planning for Chanukah was a great idea.  Also, tell Daddy that if he used e-mail I could talk to him even when I have laryngitis.  Love, Sas 
 Brent and Lynn:  I have a severe case of laryngitis and I can't even speak. I'm not sure that I'll be able to (or even should) speak on Friday for our 9 am (Houston) conference.  Brent, I was wondering if you would be in Houston next week before our legal conference on Thursday and Friday.  If so, then maybe you, Lynn and I can meet to assess the situation.  If not, then let's please reschedule our Friday call for Monday or Tuesday of next week.  I can suggest Monday after 10 am.  Tuesday morning we have Randy's call which I may have to begin taking at home due to the early hour so if we decide on Tuesday, it should be after 10:30 am..  Please let me hear from you. Thanks.  Sara  p.s.  I have not had an opportunity to review the memo but I'm going to take a look today. 
 Kaye:  I e-mailed David Portz this morning and he hasn't opened the message. Can you please (1) find out if he's even in the office today AND (2) just get a copy of the agreement which Dale is referencing below.  Thanks.  SS 
 Have you heard if Brent will be in Houston this week or early next week?  SS 
 With pleasure!  SS 
 Credit needs to initiate (and it may have to be London credit) but Tanya Rohauer will know.  FYI - London told us that Sempra "will not trade with ECT International."   SS 
 Pat, your credit worksheets reflect ENA posting cash.  Is this a mistake?  I am trying to revise these draft masters and then I will tackle TGS.  I still have severe laryngitis so I cannot speak but I can communicate via e-mail or a paralegal.  Thanks.  Sara 
 I have retained Utah counsel.  I'll keep you posted.  I haven't looked at your other question yet but I will !  Sara 
 The agreement must be executed by a VP or higher level.  Do you want us to have Jeff Shankman execute?  SS 
 Melissa:  Were you working on this for Chris?  SS 
 Janine:  Thanks for the update.  Any word on the Japanese FX desk principal?  Sara 
 Blair:  I sent this to you yesterday.  Sara 
 Matt:  This is still outstanding and we may have to change Part 3 of the Schedule to reflect the change.  DID YOU SPEAK WITH OUR FRENCH LAWYERS?  Please let Stephanie know.  Sara 
 great!    Melissa Ann Murphy 12/14/2000 02:22 PM 
 Mark:  Per our conversation, I understand that the Canadian company has a number of outstanding OTC FX transactions with one or more counterparties.  Each of those transactions should be documented by a confirmation which confirms the economic terms of each deal.  Each confirmation must be subject to (1) an existing type of master agreement (such as the ISDA, IFEMA, FEOMA), (2) a "deemed" version of such an agreement or (3) "terms and conditions" appearing in the confirmation itself.  It is quite likely that in any of these three types of confirmations, there are provisions for assignment of trades, credit event upon merger, material adverse change, additonal events of default or termination, etc.  which may be triggered by the pending acquisiton of the Canadian company.  Further, there may be credit issues associated with the transactions and/or master agreements (in the form of specific credit provisions in a confirmation or a credit annex to the master agreement).  As a result, a party attempting to "step into the shoes of the Canadian company" must review the existing documents, subject to any confidentiality restrictions, in order to evaluate the positions and risks associated with assuming those positions.  Thus, we need to conduct a thorough due diligence of the financial trading positions of the Canadian company.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Sara 
 Carson: Yes, Monty, Keith and I had a great lunch at Galatoire's last Friday.  Monty had to leave early for a soccer game in Memphis (I think).  Maybe we can get Donna to raid the X-mas wine in the cellar.  Sara    "R. Carson Llewellyn" <carlew@flash.net> 12/14/2000 09:37 AM 
 Susan:  Thanks for the update.  Gary Hickerson wants this product available on EOL= =20 now (which explains why I am called daily by the trading desk).  Do you kno= w=20 when a decision on the Japanese FX principal will be forthcoming?  Sara 
 FYI - I don't know anything about this deal other than the fact that Chris Foster asked me a question.  I referred Chris to Christopher who had worked on the APEA transaction which had similar issues.  SS 
 Attached is our format 
 I'll verify with Susan ASAP 
 Melba:  The product description requires the following change in part (iii) regarding the Enron principal:  "...Enron Japan Corp. as agent for Risk Management & Trading Corp. ..."  Please submit the revised description to me.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Chris:  Please call. The parties need to exchange documents and the boilerplate (which we are unable to send) requires execution.  If you must trade today, we could exchange fax signatures and your counterparty can fax evidence of authority to enter into the master and transactions.  In any event, we need to execute duplicate originals, one for each party.  Sara 
 Special Provisions for Confirmation of this Transaction:   Notwithstanding any other provision contained in the Agreement, unless Counterparty executes this Confirmation and transmits the executed Confirmation to ENA via facsimile to the facsimile number hereinbelow provided prior to 5:00 p.m (CST) on December 15, 2000, this Confirmation and theTransaction evidenced herein shall be completely null and void and without force and effect.   ENA's telephone and facsimile number for purpose of confirming Transaction:                      __________________________________ 
 Melba:  This looks fine.  Sara    Melba Lozano 12/15/2000 02:27 PM 
 Thanks so much!  Sara    "Dranguet, Beth Ann" <badranguet@velaw.com> 12/15/2000 04:20 PM 
 I thought we had devised a format for any response.  I'm glad to meet with you anytime.  Currently, I have severe laryngitis and I am unable to speak. I will probably be limited on Friday as well.  We can manage if you come to my office.  Let me know.  SS 
 Sam:  We need to send an execution package Fed Ex for Tuesday morning delivery. The file is in my office as I need to speak with these guys on Monday.  Chris Foster is the Enron contact in Portland.  Thanks.  Sara 
 John Suttle spoke with Jeffrey Pak.  All is fine.  Sara 
 Kaye:  the attached "Enron forward" document below needs to be compared against the "forward template" that you saved in my directory today (confirms/equity).  I have an 11 a.m. meeting with Clint et al on Monday.  I'd like to have the comparison before the meeting, if possible.  Please let me know if this is possible.  Sara 
 Kaye:  I would like to schedule a meeting after Christmas (Dec. 27 0r 28 if possible) with the following people;  Samantha Boyd Stephanie Panus Cheryl Nelson Cassandra Schultz (X30429 - you'll need to call her assistant) 
 Richard:  Have you sent a letter?  The first payment should be due (for the month of November, 2000, billed in early December, 2000).  Sara 
 Hey, Brant:  We still have some of the same issues.  Sara 
 Susan:  I need to review with Brant but here's your copy.  Sara 
 Phil:  I was just checking to see when we would execute the amendment to the Security Agreement (to permit the rehypothecation of securities).  Please let me hear from you.  Regards,  Sara 
 OK, let me try to catch up here.  Brent may not get my e-mail for awhile.  I believe that he is in Houston today on personal business and will stay until the conclusion of the ENA legal conference which is Th & Fr next week.  What is your availability on Mon or Tues next week?  I will try to put something together (at least you and I can have a game plan so that we can plan our next visit to SP).  This voice stuff is a bummer.  Sara 
 Ed:  Please respond to item (2) regarding EWEB.  Thanks.  Sara  P.S.  EWEB has not commented on the CSA. 
 Holli:  I have still not received the above-mentioned comments.  I have also not received EWEB's proposed form of legal opinion.  I will go ahead and blackline the Schedule once again.  When the lawyers last spoke, we agreed to execute all docs prior to the end of the year.  Would you please call EWEB and inquire about these items?  Thanks.  Sara 
 Holli:  Please verify that the earliest TRADE DATE with EWEB was October 30, 2000 (which was approved by the EWEB Board on October 3, 2000 according to the December 5, 2000 resolution).  I have a copy of the resolution.  Thanks. Sara 
 ED:  A second EWEB question:  EWEB wants the definition of "Applicable Rate"  to remain without changing to the Non-default Rate if the payee is the defaulting party.  They say they must have a "balanced rate".  Please let me hear from you.  Sara 
 We need to send today BUT we need an immediate cover letter (itemizing every step to be taken) and sample resolution format to email to the counterparty and lawyer.  I'll review the letter.  I have an 11 am meeting but should be back in an hour.  Let me know if you have questions.  Sara 
 Maria:  Can you provide me with a blackline of one of the confirms below marked against the draft which Enron marked up and faxed to Steve on September 1, 2000?  The current format contains a number of changes and it would be easier to review.  The directory on that document reads "Ext. ID[.]".  We want to respond quickly, today being our goal.  Thanks.  Sara    "Chiodi, Maria" <maria.chiodi@csfb.com> 12/13/2000 05:02 PM 
 Per our discussion - Sara 
 Beth Ann:  Here's UBS's  "redraft" which also requires review.  Please call me in a few hours if I haven't contacted you.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Phil:  Why don't you execute (duplicate originals) and overnight to me? I'll return an original to you tomorrow (overnight), as well.  I'm located, specifically, at:  1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, TX  77002  Please call if you need anything.  Thanks.  Sara    <Philip.Levy@chase.com> 12/18/2000 12:18 PM 
 Attached is the document comparing the Sample Forward Confirm against the 11-13-00 Enron Forward. 
 Just got your voice mail.  I have severe laryngitis and I cannot use my voice today or tomorrow.  Sorry.  We can e-mail or speak through Marie. Yes, we have a blackline.  Marie has finished going through it and I need to review (the lawyers blacklined the latest version over the second blackline so we had to revert to a comparision to the first blackline!).  Re: the credit support annex, I believe all is resolved.  However, I believe there is still an L/C issue.  If there is an L/C default (say the issuer is downgraded), Tiger is insisting that we post cash immediately without the right to post a  substitute L/C within two days.  I am not absolutely certain of this, but Carol has a 2 pm call with the lawyers and I will listen.  I don't know if Tiger responded to our guaranty.  I was out sick yesterday. Hope this brings you up to date.  SS 
 FYI only - no response required Please advise if I'm copying you on too many "equity related" emails. Sara 
 Chris:  The master you are referring to was drafted in March, 1999 in the name of "Air Liquide America Corp." and needs to be updated from both a credit and legal perspective.  Last time, Kelly Minear had to visit the counterparty's office to review financials since the company was private.  We will need an updated credit worksheet to prepare a new draft.  Tracy and Ed:  Will  one of you update the prior credit to begin the process?  Thanks.  Sara    Chris H Foster 12/19/2000 08:49 AM 
 Sam:  Don't you have a new address by now?  I remember you said that you were moving into a plush high-rise overlooking the great southern city of Atlanta, home of the Peach Bowl!   Please email me and let me know.  A belated thanks for the birthday card.  I had a fabulous birthday in Napa Valley at Auberge d'Soleil with my little sister and friends.  We drank wonderful wines and dined in great restaurants - and had great weather.  Hope you're doing well.  Have you started any new business ventures?  Maybe taken Wendy's to Amelia Island Plantation?  Or better yet, purchased the water rights to Palm Springs?  I'm just hangin' in Houston, same old job, etc.  I joined my two friends Monty and Keith for our annual birthday celebration at Galatoire's about two weeks ago.  It's always great fun.   I think I get to plan a reunion of Gordon, Arata et al ex-pats.  There are about thirty of us scattered around the country.  My regards to Beverly and Helen.  Sara 
 Maria and Steve:  Attached are blacklines of the two forwards.  Sorry for the delay.  I'll call Clint and we'll try to call.  Sara 
 Christine:  Attached are Enron Corp.'s comments to your form of forward.  I'll try to have Jeff and'or Clint available for a conversation.  Thanks.  Sara 
 I am looking for this blue file for a year-end negotiation with CSFB/Enron Corp.  Does anyone have this file?  Please let me know ASAP.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Jim:  In connection with our disussion regarding Market Quotation and "Reference Market - makers" in the Schedule (specifically Enron's request to delete clause (b) to the Section 12 definition), I am advised that it would be difficult to locate four leading dealers with offices in the same city.  With respect to the outstanding trades, for example, we would like to know which city has  four leading dealers  for quoting Mid-Columbia prices?  Please let us know.  Thanks.  Sara 
 ok just no voice.  Thanks. 
 Beth Ann:  Here's the support sent by UBS.  You may already have already reviewed.  Sara 
 FYI  Susan Flynn sent a draft of this ISDA on 5/11/00.  Credit will be sending a new credit worksheet shortly.  We'll need to create a new draft.  Sara 
 Marlene:  I'll call Lesley with my comments.  What is the second attachment called "Cancellable" relating to Captiva III Finance CBO? Sara    "Lue, Marlene P." <Marlene.Lue@bmo.com> 12/19/2000 04:10 PM 
 It might be helpful if you dated the doc with the effective date of the authorizations.  Sara    Veronica Valdez 12/19/2000 03:09 PM 
 Marlene:  The language is fine.  We will retain this as a template for Transactions have an Optional Early Termination Date.  Please send the revised confirm(s) to our desk.  Sara    "Lue, Marlene P." <Marlene.Lue@bmo.com> 12/20/2000 09:20 AM 
 Christine hasn't reached David Kelly but is trying to meet with him today.  I need to send comments but I was hoping to speak with V&E first.  Jim is available in the am.  Jim has not heard from CSFB. 
 Trigger/Determined Amount inverse relationship:  "In the event the Trigger Price is increased to equal the Other Trigger Price, the Determined Amount shall be reduced so that the Effective Share Price is increased in direct proportion to the increase in the Trigger Price.  The "Effective Share Price" shall be the result obtained by dividing X by Y where "X" equals the product of the Price Per Share multiplied by the Number of Shares, and "Y" equals the Number of Shares plus the Determined Amount."   Paragraph 3(a) first paragraph, 3rd sentence replacement:   "In the event that, but for this Section 3, titled "Other Provisions," Party B would be obligated to deliver a number of Shares equal to the Determined Amount plus the Excess Shares, Party B shall have an ongoing obligation to satisfy delivery of the Excess Shares; provided however that the number of Excess Shares to be delivered hereby shall not exceed [________] shares. Party B may, at its sole option, satisfy delivery of the Excess Shares by using its best efforts to increase its Authorized Shares or by delivery of a cash payment equal to the [product obtained by multiplying the Excess Shares by the Final Price]." 
 Hey, man, what's up?  Have we thought this through practically? 
 FYI only 
 Jim:  I have not seen any Enron Corp./CSFB agreements.  ENA has two different agreements with CSFB:  (1)  ISDA dated4/21/93.  This had:  NY law, submission to non-exclusive jurisdiction of NY courts/waiver of objections to venue, limitation of liability  (2)  Futures Agreement dated 9/21/00.  This had:  NY law, arbitration, limitation of liability 
 Christine Lee has arranged for the UBS lawyer, David Kelly, to be available for a  conference call on Dec. 21 at 9 a.m. HOUSTON TIME (10 a.m NY TIME). Enron will call Christine at UBS.  Christine has discussed our document (markup of forward confirmation emailed to everyone on 12/19/00) with the lawyer.  Jim:  Can we get your small conference room?  Sara 
 Clint Freeland (who is trying to remain optomistic) would like to have signature pages for the forwards executed prior to final negotiation.  We are drafting Bear.  We can print signature pages for CSFB and UBS which are on single pages.  Lehman will be emailed (I think) tomorrow.  Please follow up with me please.  Thanks for your help.  Sara 
 Jim:  Attached is a revised Schedule.  We have accepted most of your changes.  I believe that the outstanding issues include:  1.  Please note the revised Threshold which we previously discussed. 2.  We accepted Portland as a forum for arbitration. 3.  We need to discuss your invoicing procedure. 4.  We are waiting to comment back on the revised reps pending receipt of the CSA and legal opinion. 5.  We have added some language to the recording provision to acknowledge internal recording destruction policies. 6.  We have not revised the Reference Market-maker provision.  Have you had a chance to consider my email of 12/19/00?  Please let us know when we will receive the remaining documentation so that we can finalize our negotiations.  Regards.  Sara 
 Chris:  We emailed the Schedule on Dec. 18.  We Fed Exp'd the "package" (except the ENE guaranty which is being executed) on Dec. 19 to the lawyer at your direction.  Sara 
 Sorry, I had an incorrect address.  Sara 
 Mark; I thought you should see this - Sara 
 Brent is supposed to be in Houston but Mark didn't know if Brent would be in the office today or tomorrow (he has personal business in Houston).  You might check with Taffy. 
 the latest from CSFB - Sara 
 Melissa: Attached is a format that would be great! 
 I'll talk to you in the morning.  Sara    Melissa Ann Murphy 12/21/2000 04:47 PM 
 Here's the reason the Lehman MASTER AGREEMENT has not been executed.  SS 
 I need an ENA signature (Chase master amendment that Tana was working on) tomorrow and maybe Enron Corp. 
 Holli:  As you know, Enron is closed on 12/26/00.   I'll try to schedule a call for 12/27/00.  I have not received the CSA yet so we cannot do anytning on that front.  Also, will you please tell me where the dealers able to quote Mid-C are located (since EWEB has not answered my prior email)?  Thanks.  Sara 
 Enron is closed on Tuesday 12/26/00.  We can talk on Wednesday 12/27/00, at your convenience.  Also, I will be out of the office on Friday 12/29/00. Will I have your CSA before 3 pm Houston Time today? Regards.  Sara    Jim Deason <Jdeason@chbh.com> 12/21/2000 07:36 PM 
 I haven't sent it yet. 
 Beth Ann:  I received your message and tried to speak with CSFB and Jim Armogida.  In each instance, unfortunately, I had to leave voice mails.  It was just about 2 hours ago that I told CSFB that we were done (having left the negotiation of Paragraph 10.1 to Jim)!  I am forwarding the latest UBS comments to you just in case I have the urge to call you for advice.  Have a Merry Christmas.  I'm off to New Orleans this evening for the holiday weekend.  In fact, there's a new Susan Spicer restaurant called "Herbsaint" and I should be dining there in about 6 hours.  Thanks for your help.  Sara 
 Holli:  I have not heard back from Jim Deason on the CSA or comments to our Schedule.  I will not be in on Friday, Dec. 29.  I think one of your transactions takes effect in January. Please let me hear from you.  Sara 
 fyi 
 Friday,  11/22/00 was an Exchange holiday.  "Preceding" is fine as the business day convention as long as the change is made in all of the relevant swaps.  SS    Greg Johnston 12/27/2000 09:00 AM 
 Tracy Ross at RBC (I spoke with her this morning).  SS 
 Please check this latest draft and call me at (713) 853-5620.  Thanks.  Sara  Sara 
 Let's do it on Tuesday, Oct. 26 at 2 pm.  If Brent is available, all the better.  Let me know if you want to visit Enronland.  I don't mind the walk. Sara 
 This was received Friday evening.  Clint has not seen but we have been discussing this morning.  Sara 
 Further to my email of 12/21/00,attached is the revised Schedule.  Please let me know if you have any problems with the document.  Sara 
 here's the draft I resent to Bear.  Sara 
 Holli:  Will you be on this call? Also, you never answered my question about reference market makers.  Please call me early today.  Thanks.  Sara 
 I have been called for Jury Duty on January 16, 2001. 
 I would like to sign up for the following presentations:  (1)  Power Marketing - Structuring Power Transactions on November 10 and 11 (2)  Fundamentals of Corporate Finance on  December 2  Please let me know.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Sam:  I accidentally deleted this CP from the list (when I was trying to delete CSFB from the ISDA section).  You will need to reconstruct.  I'm sorry.  Sara 
 Ken:  Please let me hear from you as soon as possible today.  I will not be in the office on Friday, Dec. 29.  In connection with the blacklined confirmation which we discussed yesterday, please  (1)  verify that there are no changes (or if there are changes, we need to discuss) (2)  provide Bear's information for Paragraph 8 (Offices) (3)  advise if you wish for us to finalize the document or if you would prefer to do so  We would like to exchange faxed signatures today, if at all possible.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Maria is expecting your call.  Sara 
 Add some liquidity for me!  Have a Happy New Year!  Sara  P.S.  Who knows:   you may run into Susan B.    Robert Bruce@ENRON Sent by: Robert Bruce@ENRON 12/28/2000 03:15 PM 
 Sharen:  In connection with the two (2) swap confirmations which you are revising (from a "Deemed ISDA" format to a regular ISDA format), I ask that you please contact  Stephanie to review the final forms.  Please note the following:  (1)  Melissa's prior "Deemed ISDA" drafts (dated Nov. 22, 2000) show ENA swap nos. as 447459.4 and 447459.02.  One of your confims doesn't match:  it says 447459.04.  Please verify the correct number.  (2)  You can eliminate the "Payment Date(s)" section from the General Terms because individual Payment Dates appear in both the Fixed and Floating Details.  After either Tana or Stephanie have approved, please email to EWEB as follows (with a copy to Holli Krebs):  jdeason@chbh.com Dick.Varner@eweb.eugene.or.us  NOTE TO STEPHANIE:  copies of my markups  and the Deemed ISDA's are located in a file entitled "EWEB confirmations".  Also, the ISDA has not been signed but will be dated October 30, 2000. 
 ED:  EWEB has requested a blackline of the ISDA and is ready to sign next week. Your MAC references the "Electric System" which is defined in the Bond Indenture which I sent to you earlier today.  It looks to me like the Electric System includes physical and intangible assets acquired by the Board as a separate utility system, including generating and transmission facilities and the Trojan Project (not sure what this is).  I've asked Stephanie to revise our docs to incorporate these definitions.  Please review the CSA when Stephanie sends it to you (and comment) and I can send first thing on Tuesday.  Thanks.  Sara  Stephanie:  Please send Ed a copy of the blacklined CSA when you are done. 
 Dick:  Sorry that I didn't have a chance to call you again today.  After reviewing the appendix (Board resolution summary), I would like to request an opinion from EWEB's bond counsel that swap/other transaction payments are payable from the Operating Fund (together and in parity with other operating costs) and precede EWEB's debt service payments.  Also, can you please describe EWEB's Master Resolution (relevant to long term bonded indebtedness) as this is to be referenced in Larry Cable's legal opinion.  I will be back in the office on Tuesday, Jan. 2.  Have a happy new year.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Stephanie:  Happy New Year!  I have assigned you to this former Marie Heard file.  We need to overnight copies of the master agreement (boilerplate and all) to Neel Lemon in Dallas.  He does not need ENA's or the CP's background documentation.  You can send the ENE guaranty.  This company has undergone a franchise tax restructuring and has survived as a limited partnership which we are in the process of evaluating.  I'll bring the file to you.   Details to follow soon.  SS 
 All:  Following is a list of outsanding items:  (1)  ISDA Master Agreement (Schedule and Credit Support Annex) I need to better understand EWEB's proposed settlement language.  ENA generally sends an invoice when the counterparty owes a payment (but not when ENA owes a payment).  The invoice reflects the outstanding transactions for a given Calculation Period and the net amount owed.  ENA can   generate this invoice in all cases.  Does EWEB intend that BOTH parties always send reciprocal invoices?  Is is necessary that the Calc Agent ALSO  make a phone call?  What does EWEB's language "separate invoices and documentation covering each Transaction sufficient to permit the other   party to comply with its interanl accounting and record keeping procedures concerning individual Transactions" mean?  Please call me to resolve.  When can we execute?  (2)  Cable Huston legal opinion:  please add  (1)  opening paragraph:  "(iii)  the Confirmations for Transactions ENA Contracts Nos. 447459.02 and 447459.4 each dated October 30, 2000 ..."  (2)  Paragraph 12 prior to the period in the first sentence:  "as  those terms are defined in the Master Resolution adopted by the EWEB Board on June 16, 1986, as supplemented"  (3)  the two (2) confirmations These require execution by EWEB.  When will this be done?  (4)  Bond Counsel opinion Dick, I sent you  an email on Friday.  ENA is pleased to discuss with your counsel.  Please refer to Larry's legal opinion:  the deleted Paragraph 10 of the December 21, 2000 draft and the Paragraph 12 of the  December 30, 2000 draft for the type of information requested.  Please let me know if I have left out any items.  I would like to finalize documentation today.  Regards.  Sara 
 Sorry, but I forgot to ask if I should make reservations and if anyone else is going.  Thanks.  Sara 
 LaureL:  Please let me know where you end up (ENA, Enron Corp., ECT Investments) so that I can be clear in Lotus Notes and the files for future reference.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Neel:  We will overnight the agreement to you.  Sara    Neel.Lemon@bakerbotts.com 01/02/2001 09:01 AM 
 Dick:  Please call me about the settlement issue.  I spoke with Jim earlier and he deferred to you entirely.  Thanks.  Sara    "Dick D VARNER" <Dick.Varner@EWEB.Eugene.OR.US> 01/02/2001 11:34 AM 
 Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, TX  77002    Neel.Lemon@bakerbotts.com 01/02/2001 01:21 PM 
 Cheryl:  Can we meet for a few minutes after 9 am tomorrow?  Sara    Cheryl Nelson@ENRON Sent by: Cheryl Nelson@ENRON 01/02/2001 01:54 PM 
 Phil:  Happy New Year!  And back to old business.  ENA is holding the amendment pending receipt from you of the attached Exhibit A (describing the collateral).  I had previously left you a message but I'm sure it was lost in the year-end madness.  Please forward the attachment so that we have a complete document.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Stephanie:  I have reviewed the attachment and it is correct.  We should attach and return one to Phil.  We need one copy for the file, credit and Soma.  I'm not sure who else might need but we can check with Soma.  Sara 
 Chris:  I checked with Samantha.  The counterparty is holding two orignal ISDA documents (complete with boilerplate and Schedule/CSA) and ENA resolutions (in the form of unanimous consents) and incumbency.  Sam will check on the ENE guaranty.  There is nothing more that we can do unless you want us to call the counterparty/lawyer.  Please advise.  Sara 
 Angela:  Unless Mary has addressed already or a different plan is in place, can you handle?  Sara 
 Jeff:  In connection with the instructions given by London to Shane Dallmann, note that the instruction for ENA to transact the Euro hedges was given by Peter Russell.  Please advise as to whether these should be RMT transactions and which Enron affiliate should be involved.  Thanks.   Sara 
 Speak of the deviI!  I just had someone leave a voice mail for counsel (who is at an outside meeting).  I will definitely have a lawyer call tomorrow morning.  Is Utah in your time zone?  Sara 
 Terry:  Clint Freeland asked that we resend our forward confirmation template to you.  It is attached below. Also, we will send a draft of our ISDA Master Agreement (Schedule only,  no boilerplate) to you shortly.  Can you provide me with the name of your attorney so that we can email directly?  It seems that Enron North America Corp. is currently negotiating an ISDA with First Union National Bank and sent a new ISDA draft to the attention of Delene Travella on 11/08/00.  There may be an efficient way to handle both master agreements simultaneously.  I look forward to hearing from you.  Regards,  Sara 
 Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Clint:  Will ENE be transacting with First Union National Bank or First Union Securities, Inc.?  I need to know the correct legal entity.  Sara   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Clint:  ENA is in complete agreement with DB on its ISDA.  Do you still want an ISDA for ENE?       Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Per my voice mail.  Sara     Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com    "Siao, Vivian" <vivian.siao@gs.com> 01/03/2001 04:59 PM 
 Mara:  Got your voice mail and wanted to let you know that Cheryl Nelson  will be handling this file.  Cheryl will give you a call.  Sara  ps  Her phone number is 713-345-4693   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com    Mara_Alexander@cargill.com 12/12/2000 09:35 AM 
 Attached is my redraft of the confirmation.  Janelle needs to fill in some gaps and I have left her a voice mail.  Please comment.  Sara       Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Jason:  I would like to meet with you on January 8, 9 or 10 to bring Cheryl Nelson and me up to date on the remaining files so that Cheryl can take these back.  Please call me when you are back in the office.  Hope you had a great New Year!!!!!!!!  Sara   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Don't you recall that we created a response or amendment format?  What am I recalling?  SS 
 Attached is my latest (and hopefully final) list tracking brokerage agreements.  Jason, when we meet, we can update with accurate information!  Sara      Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Cheryl:  Jason cannot meet tomorrow.  However, pick a time for next week and Jason will accomodate us.  I am open any time on Jan. 8, 9 or 10.  I'll email Jason once I hear from you.  Thanks.  Sara   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Dick:  After our conversation, I spoke with our settlements people again who requested an EWEB invoice when Enron owes money to EWEB.  I propose that we add a section to the Schedule entitled "Accounts" (Part 3(h)) as follows:  "Prior to each payment date for any Transaction, Party A (ENA) shall provide Party B with an invoice reflecting the net payment owed by a party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Party B shall provide Party A with an invoice prior to any payment date on which Party A owes a net payment to Party B. With respect to all payments hereunder, and except as otherwise directed in writing, the parties shall comply with the following payment instructions:  [bank, account no., ABA no.]"  Please provide me with EWEB's account data and let me know if you have any comments.  I'll send the blackline immediately after I hear from you.  Also, I have not received EXECUTED CONFIRMATIONS.  Have these been sent to anyone at Enron?  Sara    Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Happy New Year Dan!  Just checking to verify that you received the order form that I faxed to you on December 18.  Please confirm.  Also, we brought a bottle of Freestone Hill to Pappas Steak House (on New Year's Eve) for everyone to try.  The sommeliers raved.  Regards.  Sara    Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Stephanie:  Below is forwarding info for both Lotus Notes and sending this ISDA.  Sara   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 FYI  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Tanya:  Per my voice mail, is any type of corporate guaranty required from this counterparty?  Does our Additional Event of Default require any changes?  Sara   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Jason:  Let's meet on Monday, Jan. 8 at 2 pm in my office.  Sara   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Dick:  Yes, please let me know who received the executed confirm (or you can fax me copies at 713-646-3490).  We'll insert your bank info when we hear from you today and I'll Fed Exp execution copies this evening.  Thanks so much for your help.  Sara   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com    "Dick D VARNER" <Dick.Varner@EWEB.Eugene.OR.US> 01/04/2001 07:16 PM 
 Sounds like a great idea to me!  Sara 
 The Enron trading entity is "Enron North America Corp."   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Earlier this year, I negotiated this agreement with GS&C.  I cannot locate the agreement so GS&C is sending a copy.  The Enron party is ENA.  We now need to amend the authorized trader list which I will email to you.  ENA's use of GS&C's platform is for trading US treasuries, agencies, money market, corporates, JGB's.  We need to:  (1)  remove Harry Arora (who was the sole authorized trader)  (2)  add the following:       Darren Delage Shane Dallmann Ellen Su Pushkar Shahi Gary Hickerson  THIS IS A VERY HIGH PRIORITY FOR GARY AND WE SHOULD TRY TO COMPLETE TODAY.   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 You only need the "authorized user annex".   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Tom:  I'm trying to finalize the ISDA Master Agreement with these guys.  We have one issue:  If there is a long-term market disruption event (i.e. over 3 days), and we have no fallback price, then we negotiate a price and ENA would normally obtain 2 quotes and average them.  Our position is that we prefer to obtain the quotes because if a disruption were to occur, we would obtain quotes for hundreds of deals in the same manner (because our agreements will all have the same provisions) and it is possible that 4 quotes may not be available.  NYSEG would like for each of ENA and NYSEG to obtain 2 quotes and then average the 4 quotes.  Are you agreeable to this?  Sara     Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Below is a document containing "General Terms and Conditions" which is ALWAYS attached to a financial confirmation when the parties have no executed master agreement.  If Ed, Tracy or someone in credit needs to add credit to the transaction, then we ALSO attach an Annex B (counterparty specific credit provisions),  Annex B-1(collateral and exposure provisions) and a letter of credit format.  I am only attaching the General Terms and Conditions.    Let me know if you still want to see the ISDA Master Agreement (preprinted boilerplate consisting of an agreement and Credit Support Annex which I cannot email) together with a sample Schedule and Paragraph 13 to the Credit Support Annex (which are the two "customized" pieces negotiated by legal) .  Thanks.  Sara   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Kaye:  I'm having trouble printing the attached.  Thanks.  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Tana:  Mike E. Kelly (mid market power) would like access to the database. Would you please request? Maybe some of the other power traders are interested. Thanks.  Sara  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Vivian:  I have not received the copy of our executed electronic trading agreement.  Please let me know if there is a problem.  Thanks.  Sara  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Per the voice and emails left for Gareth Bahlmann, you may direct ISDA documentation to my attention.  Enron North America Corp. is the legal entity.  You may use the address information below.  Our ISDA template will provide notice information pursuant to Paragraph 12 of the multicurrency form.  You may use me as a contact lawyer initially; the transaction lawyer should contact you shortly.  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 I have not yet had a response from Argentine counsel.  I will speak with th= em=20 again.  Sara 
 To my knowledge, we will trade these instruments via internal broker platforms (i.e., ENA traders will trade online rather than over the phone), such as Goldman Sachs, or directly over the phone.  All trades will be confirmed either online or verbally and ENA will receive a daily statement reflecting trades done the previous day.  ENA does not prepare a confirmation but will need to check out the broker statements.  I believe that these debt securities are issued in either book-entry form (in variable denominations) or as registered certificates (e.g., undivided interests in a mortgage pool).  We will trade US agencies and Japanese bonds with Goldman.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com    Laurel Adams 01/08/2001 09:08 AM 
 11928  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com    Taffy Milligan 01/08/2001 02:38 PM 
 Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Ed:  Mike Kelly wants to trade with the above counterparty.  We have no master.  How do you want to handle?  Sara   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Mary:  Please respond to Elliot.  Thanks.  Sara  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Actually, Bob was handling and he knows you will handle.  I believe that this master was based upon the Cargill, Incorporated master.  SS  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com    Cheryl Nelson@ENRON Sent by: Cheryl Nelson@ENRON 01/08/2001 05:49 PM 
 Attached is a discussion outline for our meeting tomorrow.  Short of micromanagement, I tried to identify areas which might benefit from specific attorney oversight.    Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Susan:  Please prepare a draft ISDA for the above parties with:  (1)  no CSA and (2)  bilateral cross-default at US$100 million.  I am presently reviewing CP comments to the ENA master and may have some changes for you tomorrow.  We will send this out on Tuesday.  Clint:  First Union Securities Inc. is the bank's marketing arm and is NOT the correct ISDA counterparty.  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 I'd like to attend.  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com    Steve Van Hooser Sent by: Pat Radford 01/08/2001 03:58 PM 
 Marcia:  Mike Kelly asked that I send you a copy of our GTC's for financial trades which must be attached to all confirmations (in the absence of an executed ISDA Master Agreement).  ENA has been using these GTC's for quite some time. Please let me know if you have any questions.  Sara     Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Patricia:  I was just checking to see if you have had an opportunity to review our ISDA Schedule for the referenced entities.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  I believe that Susan Flynn in our office faxed you a copy of our form of Schedule last week. I look forward to hearing from you. Regards.  Sara 
 Russell:  I just received a call from the lawyer for Florida Power & Light Company, the regulated utility.  He told me that he was sending over ISDA documents for FPL Energy, the unregulated trading arm of the utility.  Will you be handling credit on this one?  Sara   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 I'm not sure who is handling but we need to add Jorge as a signatory for ENA (Jorge is inHickerson's group).  Let me know when this is completed and if you have any questions.  Thanks.  Sara  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Boy, he sure didn't waste any time!  Let me know what we need to do.  Sara   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 And there's more!   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Call me about this one because Janelle needs to review carefully.  Sara     Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 I'll handle.  Thanks.  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com    Angela Davis@ENRON 01/10/2001 06:43 AM 
 Jeff:  Do you have an answer yet?  Sara  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Marcus:  DTE Energy Trading has told us that they have executed emissions confirms with ENA.  I am trying to review the GTCs that are sent out when these transactions are done.  Can you please forward a copy?  Thanks.  Sara  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Thanks, Russell.  That was precisely the answer I was looking for.  SS  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com    Russell Diamond 01/10/2001 10:09 AM 
 Tanya:  Enron Corp, (global finance) has a FASB 125 structured deal executed in Dec., 2000 which requires amendment for tax purposes.  A new  total return equity swap on EOG stock will need to be executed between ENA and Rabo.  ENA must be the swap counterparty ("normal course of business") for the legal opinion which must be issued for the structure.  I would like to send Rabo our ISDA format so as to avoid any surprises; time is short.  I assume we do not want a CSA but will require an Enron Corp. guaranty.  Do we want cross default and Credit Event Upon Merger to apply to the parties?   Do we want to add/eliminate additional events of default?  The ultimate Schedule will probably look very different from our standard but we need to urge our format as much as possible.  Please call me to update.  This update is currently scheduled to close next Friday.  Thanks.  Sara  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 I still can't talk.  I think that our response should be final except that there may be some agreed to changes on the L/C side.  Carol St. Clair is addressing that with Jennifer and Miriam.  In any event, I believe that Tiger needs to "OK" our response of yesterday since there were some errors on their redraft.  Marie is not in the office today.  If you want to speak to a person, call Susan Bailey and she can come into my office and we can manage. Have a good weekend.  Sara 
 Melissa:  You may want to follow up with Amy.  She should have received my comments last night.  SS   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 She forgot both of you!!!!!!!!!!!  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 the attachment?  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com    Cheryl Nelson@ENRON Sent by: Cheryl Nelson@ENRON 01/10/2001 03:54 PM 
 Cheryl:  I'll deliver to you.  Sara  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Kaye:  I need to revise this report and I will email changes for the ag section.  SS  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Please let me review final.  Thanks.  SS  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Dear Mr. Rosenberg:  I'm signed up with PayPal and you should have received confirmation.  Please ignore shipping instructions accompanying PayPal because I had a problem trying to change the shipping address.  The correct shipping address for the Pavia Federal Express is listed below (together with other information):   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com   I enjoyed speaking with you.  Please let me know if you have any problems.  I will put together a list soon.  Regards.  Sara 
 FYI - I have a futures agreement for Gary which he needs now so I'll handle as I don't know if you are overwhelmed.  We still need to talk sometime.  SS  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Chris:  There is a March 26, 1993 Master Commodity Price Swap Agreement between ERMS and Praxair, Inc.   However, it is limited to natural gas price swap transactions.   This is an extremely old, outdated form of agreement.  Sara  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com    Chris H Foster 01/11/2001 09:58 AM 
 Tracy/Chris:  We would replace the old ERMS agreement with an ISDA.  Tracy:  If you need a copy of the existing credit terms, please let me know.  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com    Chris H Foster 01/11/2001 10:26 AM 
 FYI - I have a pretty bad case of laryngitis but I still have to eat lunch. Maybe I can find a "talking person" to join us so you won't be bored.  Sara 
 Cheryl/Sam:  Please update Sheila.  SS  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Kaye:  Please remind Mike and me if I end up serving on a jury next week.  SS  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 I've left a message for Dave Adams (legal) to call back AND described to him the following situation:  ENA and NRG have executed OVER 130 financial deals both online (EOL) and offline WITHOUT EVER CHANGING ANY OF THE GTC's. In the absence of an executed master agreement, we never want the GTC's to change!  The reason is that bankruptcy protection for swap agreements requires a single agreement for all swap transactions.  If you don't have an ISDA master agreement in place, you want your single set of GTC's to be viewed by a court as a single agreement.  Having different versions of the GTC's does not look like a single agreement.  I will try to convince Dave Adams that we should retain our GTC's but move forward on an ISDA which would then govern all online and offline trades.    Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Carol:  A rude awakening to the fact that you don't have a phone!  Please stop by because I think you can help!  Sara   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Jason:  I received the A&K package the other day.  Thanks very much.  According to my list, you still have the following files:  Dynegy Canada, Inc.* SMUD** Weather Services International Wabash Valley Power Assoc. Moore Global Investments, Ltd. NYSE&G  *Please prepare an exit memo to the file **Please call Brent Hendry to determine status  Subject to your conversation with Brent, please return the remaining files to my attention.  Please call me if you have any questions.  Thanks.  Sara  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Cheryl:  Jason Peters is returning a partially negotiated agreement for a service which provides weather data (I think).  When I receive it in the morning, I'll forward it to you for completion.  The weather traders are calling about it.  Sara  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Kevin:  Please clarify for me:  2 quotes from Enron only      or  2 quotes from Enron and 2 quotes from NYSEG  Thanks.  Sara   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com    Kevin M Presto 01/09/2001 07:43 AM 
 Jane:  Happy New Year back!  Hope you are looking forward to a great 2001.  After re-reading the string of emails, I am pleased to tell you that real help has arrived.  We have just added three new lawyers to our group and Carol St. Clair has just returned from maternity leave.  Carol will handle the credit insertion to the ISDA Schedule and you can correspond with her directly.  Also, please let Carol have the info on our local counsel so that one of you can obtain a quick review of the credit portion.  Thanks for being so patient.  Regards.  Sara  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com    Jane McBride@ENRON 01/11/2001 05:31 AM 
 Tanya:  I know you're swamped so I'll try to make this easy and you can answer "yes" or "no", etc.  1.  Is First Union National Bank the correct name?  (as opposed to First Union National Bank, Charlotte)  2.  Threshold for cross default:  We used $100,000,000 for ENE and $50,000,000 for FUNB.  FUNB wants $100,000,000.  3.  Documents to be delivered:  FUNB will produce audited/consolidated financials for First Union Corporation.  We requested FUNB financials.  4.  With respect to the ENA master only (the CSA):  (i)  FUNB wants to post 10-year government bonds in addition to cash and L'C's  (ii)  I sent you the FUNB matrix  Is it acceptable?  (iii) FUNB wants to revise the MAC trigger to include "Baa3 by Moody's" and "failure to have a Credit Rating from either S&P or Moody's".  (iv) FUNB wants to revise the definition of "Qualified Institution" to include not only the rating we assign, but also "having assets in excess of $10 billion" and also not subject to approval by the non-downgraded party  (v)  FUNB wants all demands for delivery or return of collateral to be made on a Valuation Date.  I think we should retain language that demands can be made on or after a Valuation Date.  But I think we could agree that demands be made prior to 5 pm New York time.  5.  With respect to the ENA master only (the Enron Corp. guaranty in favor of First Union National Bank):  (i)  FUNB wants a $30,000,000 cap (as opposed to the $15,000,000 cap we proposed)  Two different FUNB people keep calling me, one on the ENA front and the other with respect to ENE.  Now you know why your assistance is always greatly appreciated.  Sara     Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Hey, Clem:  Hope you had a great New Year!  I'll try to make this easy so that you can respond "yes" or "no":  (1)  FUNB wants ENE remain liable for payments covering "any other damages, costs and attorney's fees".  Do you agree?  (2)  FUNB only wants to make a demand for payment with no strings attached. I'll try to whittle the demand period down from five days to three.  Do you agree:  (3)  Guaranty to be governed by NY law.  Agreed?  I'm sure you enjoyed this little exercise if I hear back from you.  Thanks.  Sara   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Sorry, but I still can't talk.  Although Marie is not in today, I can have Susan Bailey (Ext. 34737) contact Morgan to alert them that the faxed docs are coming.  We also will need a signature on the agreement itself and I can't recall if Marie sent that already.  Please call Susan so that we can be more specific about what might happen today (and whether it can wait until Monday morning when Marie returns).  I have not received anything from Robert.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Ed:  Please make sure that Susan knows the effective date of the assignment and that you are comfortable with having captured all outstanding trades as of that date.  Thanks.  Sara  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com    Edward Sacks@ENRON 01/11/2001 04:27 PM 
 Have you heard from Amy?   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 As a general proposition, I need to be advised of the activity on Gary's desk.  Please let me know if you have responded to Sheila.  I think the request is about two weeks old.  Sara  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 It may be the first email but I gave this to Sam at our legal/credit meeting last week.  She was going to wait for the meeting with Cassandra for approval and signature (which was postponed).  But we can't postpone responding to the request.  Sara  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com    Cheryl Nelson@ENRON Sent by: Cheryl Nelson@ENRON 01/12/2001 09:12 AM 
 Tanya:  I'd like to send our Schedule to Rabobank today since we will be off Monday, Jan. 15 and I have been called for jury duty on Tuesday, Jan. 16.  I will ask Angela Davis (a finance lawyer with swap experience who is helping us out on the structured deals) to handle this for me.  I don't want to deal with Rabobank's form of Schedule as a basis for discussion and I am told that this deal closes Friday, Jan. 19..  A voice mail would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks.  Sara  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Just a reminder that I go on Tuesday, Jan. 16, and hopefully, return on Jan. 16.  SS  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Jay:   The first annex is ENA; the ECC annex is similar.  Sara     Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Per my voice mail - Sara  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Susan:  Per Tanya's message below, please prepare a draft Schedule for the bank listed below.  There is no CSA.  Angela can help you with the choices. THIS IS A DEAL SPECIFIC ISDA SCHEDULE and not for general use.  Angela:  I know that this Schedule will never be accepted in total but it highlights the ENA priorities.  You can forward to the Rabobank person who sent the email request the other day and David Barbour et al.  I would appreciate if you could handle and I'll let you know when I'm back in the office for good.  Thank you both.  Sara  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Just in case you couldn't locate the Rabobank info.   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Yes, as long as the Tiger lawyers do their bit.  Please call Susan Bailey about the guaranty and she can have it prepared for execution.  Question: Are we only preparing the Tiger guaranty or other animal guaranties as well? SS 
 Mark:  Per my vm, here's one request (since I'll be out Tuesday morning)  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Mark:  Here's the other email.  I have not yet received the NDA.  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Jeff and Peter:  Has this question been resolved?  Please let me hear from you.  We need to make certain that these transactions are properly booked.  Thanks.  Sara  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Tracy/Ed:  We are having some issues with NRG regarding financial confirmations.  We have executed over 100 financial deals without problems but a recently hired attorney has begun paying attention to the docs.  THE EASIEST WAY TO RESOLVE THIS SITUATION IS TO PUT AN ISDA IN PLACE.  Could you please prepare credit as soon as possible.  The Schedule/CSA should be sent to david.adams@enrgenergy.com.  Thanks.  Sara   Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 I didn't know if this was duplication.  Sara  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 Clem:  Do you want to prepare or would you prefer that I handle?  Sara  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 As promised -  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara.shackleton@enron.com 
 yes, please  Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  7700