as?  Did you break the scales at the doctor?  Do you know how funny I am?  I'm finally leaving for the evening, and I'm so psyched to go home and play fetch with myself with the glow in the dark ball!  Have a great weekend if I don't talk to you during the hour I'll be here in the morn....  Hugs to Emma 
 what is this 
 I approve. Please process immediately.  Jeff 
 Great to hear from you.  Office number 713 853 1761.  Home 713 523 5077. Give a ring when you can, and I'll get you set up for the summer.  Jeff    "Daniel J. Fuller" <dfuller@Princeton.EDU> 02/14/2001 09:01 AM 
 Why did I just eat the largest fajita papasito's EVER made?   Put a few of those macadamias in interoffice mail, would you? 
 I'm picking out the carpet this weekend--so I'll also run out and get a picnic basket!  Your desert capabilities are impressive!  (Next time I'll get a quart of whipped cream instead of a pint so you can have twice as much, and I can win our contest)  You are a lot of fun--I like hanging out with you. 
 They are looking at trading advertising time.  Ed Ondarza may be the guy. I'd be happy to introduce you to him, if you'd like.  Jeff 
 You know, we've done something the last few tuesdays, and it is now my favorite day of the week!  I had a great time. 
 please set this up 
 Beth has not gotten with me. 
 I'm sorry, I need the glass presentation.  Jeff 
 I'd like to have my asst set up a phone call with you.  You really won't get the whole story in a short email.  Thanks...  Jeff 
 6:30 ish. 
 put this on the calendar.  I would likt to meet with them.  please let carrie know 
 I'm not sure our plan is to collapse the LNG shipping group into coal (I presume you mean under Pierre).  However, we have to look at our internal and external options.  If you look at the structure of  the exmar vessell it is certainly far from ideal for enron.  In fact it appears to be quite one-sided.  First we must look at what we want this group to be, and examine what skills each of the internal players can bring to the table--(including Pierre and Wayne).  Second estabish internal procedure, and trading capabilities.  Third, execute.  I would agree that LNG shipping is a unique animal, but before we hire anyone externally, I'd like to get everyone together to discuss the most appropriate way forward.  Thanks.  Jeff    Rick Bergsieker@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 02/14/2001 06:29 AM 
 Great.  I'm sure in the new organization you'll do extremely well.  Mike and I have a lot of faith in your abilities.  Jeff 
 please print 
 No litigation between enron and XL.  Thanks for the update.  Jeff    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 I'll be around all week, except friday, as I will be in Phila giving a presentation.  Call anytime. 
 print 
 put o calendar 
 for reference 
 put on calendar 
 Was that you walking in this morn when I was?  How's everything? 
 nothing else to tell. 
 I'd love to fly dan down (at our expense) to have him meet some appropriate people.  Let him know he should call me to figure out the best  time to get him down here....have to go now though.......hugs    Jeff    halley k harrisburg <hkh@michaelrosenfeldglry.com> 02/13/2001 01:15 PM 
 I have McKinsey sending over another Glass Market presentation, and you should have it shortly....  Jeff 
 Hey, I'll be around this weekend, trying to get myself together.  I can't tell you how overwhelmed I've felt recently, and I think our conversation while I was awol (in NY for the day last weekend) really got to me.  I'll tell you this weekend about my meeting with my the shrink the other day. (The part where I'm NOT good at compartmentalizing).  I think that threw me for a loop too.  Oh, your message got to me this morn.  Please don't ever think you are bothering me.  I guess I'm a little less mature about my emotions than I thought.  (I know this is all personal, but email seems to be a little easier for me to communicate this to you right now).  I'm not sure that my home number is on yet, so the cell phone is where I'll be.  Thanks for checking up on me. 
 We are pleased to announce the following within EGM:  The Convertible Bond Arbitrage desk will be moving from EnronCredit.com to the Equity desk under Gary Hickerson, and will be managed by Mike Bradley. Billy Lemmons has joined Gary Hickerson's unit as well.  He is exploring the agriculture value chain and outlining our risk management, (What else here?)  Dan Reck will be transitioning out of the coal group and will be exploring our rail and trucking initiatives.  These markets together represent approximately $105 billion notionally, and we believe there are many synergies between our energy, coal, and freight trading businesses.  In addition, we have asked (Pierre Aury to run our worldwide vessel trading businesses.  Scott Moncrief will be responsible for all liquids vessel businesses reporting to Pierre)  (should we mention cement here under george mclellan?)  Our worldwide weather operations will continue to report to Mark Tawney in Houston, and he will have all V@R  allocation responsibility between Sydney, Tokyo, Oslo, and Houston.  In addition we will be forming a weather marketing desk in London.  Janelle Scheuer will be joining the Global Products from Enron America's East power origination group, and is responsible for developing a mid-market business specifically for our liquids businesses.  She will be reporting to John Nowlan.  Bill White will be coming over from EBS and has responsiblity for all U.S. financial crude trading.  Don Schroeder will continue to have oversight of our physical crude business.  Anything else? 
 Let's get together and get this traders' roundtable going.  I propose:  You, me Lavo (if he's interested), Vince K, John Arnold, Phillip Allen, Mike Grigsby, (those three from US gas), Rogers Hearndon, and Fletch Sturm (East Power), Mike Bradley, John Nowlan,.  This list covers gas, power, crude/products, rates, and vince's economic views.  Any other people/groups/commodities we should have represented?  Jeff 
 How's it going?  I'm sure busy and great.  Good luck with the ice men--I still think you should cut something.  I'm excited to finish unpacking this weekend, and just relaxing a little.  If you're not completely wiped on sunday, give me a ring.  Oh, could you wear your new party pants tuesday to my house?  Great, thanks. Have fun!  Jeff 
 Please call him.  I'd be happy to spend time talking to them about the info below if that is what they want.  Jeff 
 Happy to help.  But I'm not sure for what you are asking.  Jeff 
 I just spoke with mike robertson and told him we are ready for a weather person in london now.  (I mean NOW)  He will coordinate with you.  Later  Jeff 
 Hi guys,  Shawn Cumberlan, the former head of the CALME region, is very interested in learning about the transportation businesses we are pursuing.  He will be in London end of next week or so and I'd like you guys to spend some time with him.  Dan, expect a call from him before he heads to London.  Mark Frevert is having him explore opportunities within the wholesale businesses.  Later,  Jeff 
 Also what about undergrads and taking them out to dinner? Etc.  Again,  Jeff    Jennifer Burns  12/01/2000 11:55 AM 
 tomorrow afternoon would be best.  thanks. Jeff    "Alan D. Lucks" <lucks@alucks.com> 02/13/2001 11:40 AM 
 When is my part?  Jeff    Jennifer Burns  12/01/2000 11:55 AM 
 print 
 peter berzins. 
 FYI.  We need more transactions on EOL......I'd like to meet with you and lay out plans for attacking this specifically.  Jeff 
 could you let Nicki know you are my asst, and this email should have come to you, not me. only 30 mins. 
 yes, now i can go after each trader.  also i had mentioned to peter (I believe)  that i wanted to see not only product offerings in egm, but also new products we add every week.  thanks.  jeff 
 When she was hired, there was no 3rd year analyst program.  She is going to be placed in the trading non-rotational program, as well.  In addition, she has made well over 1million dollars trading a book on the gas floor, and has been made our resid trader.  Jeff 
 I'm with Dave.  Let's kill it.  Jeff 
 Talk to scott tholan, who runs competitive analysis.  I'm not sure what else clay works on.  I don't  dislike the concept, but he deals with a lot of confidential info.  Jeff 
 Thanks for the reminder.  Yes I'd like to be included in your jan 1, 2001 contribution.  I will attend to this with the necessary paperwork in mid december. Regards,  Jeff 
 I did receive an envelope from you last evening.  No problem to postpone our meeting.  However, when should I pick up the car?  Best,  Jeff    "Alan D. Lucks" <lucks@alucks.com> 02/12/2001 02:36 PM 
 Boy did I unpack last night.  I couldn't go to sleep so I went a little crazy.  Tuesday is good.  we could have a frasier marathon.  Which one of us is cooking at my house?  Would it be crazy if I asked you to be my guest at the wholesale christmas party next sat?  (Nothing like email to ask that sort of question, and I certainly don't mean to be impersonal about it)  I have to head home to work out for a few hours.... 
 PLEASE call me Jeff.  When I'm old, grey, and heavier, then you call use a more formal salutation. Great to meet you too, and I'll be in touch shortly.  Jeff 
 please print 
 Thanks for the email.  I'm not in love with this deal, and Nowlan is not inclined to do it, but we will have Pierre look at it.  By the way, it was 72 and sunny at my new house.  That is the forecast forever there.   Merritt Thomas                11/29/2000 08:29 AM 
 I had so much fun last night!  WHEN can we do it again? 
 fyi 
 I'm not happy today.  Going back to last night, I got home, fell asleep on the couch in the new house, went upstairs at 4, and slept til 830.  Late all day, and just had a pretty crappy meeting with one of my direct reports and Jeff Skilling.  I can't describe the weight of the world feeling I have, and I'm not good at not being in control.  I wish I had the answers.  How are you? 
 How's it going? 
 please get on distribution and put on web site.   thanks.  Jeff 
 I'd like to promote brad to mgr.  thanks.  jeff 
 let's set up a video call and check this out.  what are your thoughts? 
 great. 
 please put in rolodex 
 print 
 Please put jennifer burns on the distribution list. Jennifer, please print out, and put in my weekly packet you put together every morn.  Also please print this one out.  Thanks.   Jeff    Enron North America Corp. 
 print 
 print 
 Thanks for the update.  I think it shows how starved for new products these exchanges are.  I'm not a fan of teaming up with these kinds of entities. It's unclear what they bring, and how does this help us?  what do you think?  Jeff 
 Good afternoon Ida  (better name for you than me).  EC was uneventful, given that I wore no crazy hat.  At the right time though.  I know the party will be great--try not to stress too much, besides your plans sounded great and I'm sure everyone will have a great time.  I'm leaving in a little while to go to the closing ( and collect some cash!), and am out the rest of the afternoon--cruising in the ida-mobile!  In case you were wondering, I used almost  a half mile of bubble wrap yesterday moving my art to the new house and will recycle it if there are some cool kid things to do with it.  Ideas?  Later. 
 yes, eric can get on the trader track.  put some numbers together for these guys, and get back to me...Jeff    Gary Hickerson 02/12/2001 12:50 PM 
 tried, but no can do.  call me, though. 
 fyi 
 I'm not sure it is a good idea to go.  can we talk about this monday am?  Jeff 
 yes. promote brad.  also, I believe sara mulholland (analyst) is eligible, and I would like to promote her to associate.  (when she started at enron, the time requirement was 18 months for promotion)  Please get back to me.  Jeff 
 Hey, I understand the trading rotation program is underway.  I'd like an update next week so we can participate as well.  Happy Thanksgiving, or the Canadian equivalent.  Jeff 
 Please get in touch with each other and see if this works.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 I'll check with HR next week.  I forgot what joke?  Jeff 
 I'm not sure I'm going to make it to Phila because of PRC.  I will advise next week.  Also, can you tell me Paula's last name that we rode with the other day when you all took me to the airport?  Thanks. 
 I've asked craig breslau on the gas floor--a senior marketer (VP) who is well versed in this to give the lunch.  Pete De Leeuw was happy a senior Enron person could get there on short notice.  Regards  Jeff 
 Let's sit down next week and go over this.  There are some other things going on that the LNG group is trying to trade with El Paso for LNG space around the country, as well.  Jeff 
 I will attend in person.      Enron North America Corp. 
 Thanks for the update.  I will be out due to the holidays through monday, but call me on my cell at 713 854 4952.  Where do you see the spv reporting, and clearly between you, me, gary, and mike, we can think this through.  Jeff 
 Get with me on tuesday.  we'll address then, but I'm ok with this in general. 
 I'll be in on Tuesday.  Let's catch up then.  Jeff 
 FYI. 
 FYI. 
 FYI.  I suspect her issues are with Angie.  I'll let you manage this one. Thanks. 
 Thank you for your note.  It is always appreciated.  I'm sure you will find your career here very exciting, and Dan is a leader in our company and I know he is excited to have you as part of his team.  If you are running into some employee issues, I'd ask you to get Shanna Funkhouser involved as well.  A good work environment is crucial to everyone's success.  Welcome.  Jeff 
 Thanks for the update.  Andy Zipper is working on a structure that will allow the brokers to access our site as you've pointed out.  I'll have Andy contact you and John on this topic.  Jeff 
 Hi guys.  I wanted to let you know that I am extremely concerned about the Associate/Analyst program, so much so that I feel all the work I have done, and all the time I have spent on the program has had little impact outside Wharton/Penn recruiting.  In fact we won't get more than 1 associate from Wharton this year for a variety of internal and external reasons.  This program has brought incredible talent into the organization, but we have lost a lot of momentum over the last two years.  In as much as I would like to continue to support the program, I can't  in its current form, and don't have time to fix what I thought we had been addressing.  The entire program is disfunctional, and the commercial teams are not lending support to the program.  I'd be very happy to spend a few minutes of your time (rather than blather on in an email) to give you both my overview of the program, and suggest changes and improvements.  You know you have my support, but the current state of affairs down there has gotten me to my rope's end with the program. 
 I'm writing from houston (TX) and I cannot find anyone here who shows your furniture.  Can you direct me to some one in this part of the country?  I have large outdoor spaces that I'd like to furnish with Brown Jordan.  Thanks for your help.  Jeff 
 We would be happy to explore the full range of products we offer, including Jere's insurance products.  I suspect you and Mark can begin the process with great capability.  If you'd like my help, please let me know as you develop this relationship.  Thanks for the update.  Jeff 
 Great.  Probably Mike, me, Rick Bergsieker and a few others.  Thanks.  Jeff    Enron North America Corp. 
 I've taken a look at Bobby Brown's resume and would like some additional info.  What does he want to do?  What does he know about us? etc. Thanks. Jeff 
 To be clear, those employees in Oslo and elsewhere that spend 100% of their time in our businesses will be part of our PRC process.  Thanks. 
 Oy.  I can't tell you how busy i've been, plus i'm moving monday to the new house.  I'm about to leave for the rest of the week, so let's catch up saturday....hope you're great.  Jeff 
 fyi 
 please put in rolodex.  thanks. 
 Please select your reviewers throught the PEP on line system.  If you need help doing so, please contact Shanna Funkhouser.  Thanks. 
 please print 
 a little light yesterday? 
 thanks for the update.  I'll be here all day today and tomorrow.  Jeff    Cassandra Schultz@ENRON 02/12/2001 11:49 AM 
 fyi 
 print 
 print 
 Thanks.  I'll take a look at this.  Jeff    Enron North America Corp. 
 Get with Nowlan and talk to Andy Zipper on this.  There are a number of options for us with brokers, and Andy has been involved in this aspect of our business for some time.   I'd like to hear your views.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Thanks for the clarifications. 
 will do....Jeff 
 Saturday is looking better right now.  I hope that is still ok.  Let me know.......The assoc/analyst dept is trying to kill me.    More later 
 what do I need to do with this? 
 Please set up a phone call.  thanks.  Jeff 
 Hi, hope things are well.  I'd like to talk about LNG trading vessels (merchant).  Have you been  talking with Pierre about all of this activity. George Mclellan is concerned about the exmar contract, and wants Pierre more involved with the business.  What do you think of this idea?  What are some of your thoughts regarding this business.  Jeff 
 Thor, I'm getting stuck in a meeting at that time and will follow up. Thanks.  Jeff 
 Thanks for the update. 
 Any updates on the Gdansk refinery, or should I assume that the deal is dead?  Jeff 
 The reason for the memo before was because the India guys still don't understand.  Hopefully this clears up their ideas about a separate marketing and trading shop in India.  Have you had time to think about Russell Dyke?  Jeff 
 George, I just saw the updated 4Q earnings outlook, and saw Jupiter, and British energy off the sheet.  Is Jupiter off because of the Massey problems you mentioned today.  What about British energy....  Jeff 
 Funny....How's your day going?  Put me down for freak show. 
 Of course I want to get together next (this?) weekend.  In fact, the house should be almost done, and I'd love to show it to you, too.  I'm pretty open also, but am doing super saturday again, and am not sure what my deal is friday evening (if anything, and will know by tomorrow).  Last night on A&E was a special about Palm Beach, and the good life, charity balls, social scene, etc.  So I had a Palm Beach Party--bought caviar, fruit tarts, champagne and sat around watching the show.  I made everyone wear Lacoste shirts, loafters (no socks) and not put down their glass full of champagne (as much as possible!)  Fun, casual, and last minute.  For not being in your biz, I liked the idea and we had fun.  Went to my first exec committee meeting.  Pretty interesting.  But can't wait to hear about your parties for Vicki and Dan.... 
 Hi John  Things are heating up for year end keeping us all pretty busy.  As we go forward in many of our businesses, it's clear several need fine tuning.  One of which is weather worldwide.  Mark Tawney and I have spent quite a bit of time during the last several weeks working on a plan for next year and forward.  We've come to the conclusion that it will be most effective to add a London operation that will allow for quick and beneficial marketer interaction, immediate scalability, and more portfolio diversification.  I would structure the business around the continent with someone managing that portion of the operation, and continue to have Thor manage Scandinavia.  Mark and I will get together to structure the London based group and keep you advised.  Mark has some great ideas, and I'd like to talk to you about this rather than go on in an email.  I'll give you a ring first thing in the morning.  Best--  Jeff 
 fyi 2 
 fyi.  print 
 I'm still getting all the reports too late.  I'd like a night clerk to put together the reports so that I have them by 7:30 am.  Thanks.   Jeff 
 Great.  Thanks.  So what do you think of Crude for tomorrow?  Jeff 
 please get on calendar 
 please take car of. 
 Without knowing what subcommittees you are going to set up for the exec. committee members, I'll take the Analyst/Associate program.  We've been incredibly successful with Wharton/Penn , and I'd like to replicate our approach company wide.  I'm convinced with my help, we can do a world class job.  I'd be happy to give my thoughts on off cycle hiring, and other ways to improve the entire process (internal and external) around Enron.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Great.  I'll have Jennifer set up a phone meeting. 
 Wow.  Jeff 
 print 
 FYI.   Jeff 
 schedule some time.  Jeff 
 Come by.  I'll shed some light....also I'd like to talk to you about opportunities within EGM.  Jeff 
 As Mike and I look across all of our business units, we continue to look for optimal organizational structures that will enable each business unit to achieve it's targets for  2001 and beyond.  In our weather business, there appears to be a lack of seamlessness.  Reporting relationships, P&L, and vision for this business are not best aligned as this business exists today.  Mike and I would like to address this as follows:    we need 100% full time dedication from each and any employee that is dedicated to the weather business.  All identified employees in the weather business will now become full time employees of EGM and report to Mark Tawney. Accordingly Mark and I will be looking at, with each of you, the employees that may be affected by this transition and the need to hire additional employees.  It is important that both business units work together to determine which individuals will be in Weather, or  will be in EEL.  Once done, Mark will begin adding to the weather team in each of your regions.   It is obvious that the organizations and product lines can lever each other and the synergy's will provide powerful results in our regional gas and power businesses in particular.  If you look at coal, lng, equities, etc, we have employees based in each of your regions who report back into the appropriate business unit within EGM. This restructure will similarly align weather.  Please give me a call and we will discuss the issues surrounding this new structure. 
 Speak with Nowlan.  Thanks...Jeff 
 print 
 Details to work out with HR.  Of course you will have significant input and presence.  Jeff 
 Absolutely I will call him.  Let's talk about a coordinated strategy with him.  Come up today when you get a minute....Jeff 
 As we move forward with our global LNG strategy, it is obvious that the best way to capture value for Enron is to bring the same merchant activity to this business unit.  This merchant philosophy allows aggressive book and position management from a worldwide perspective.  Our ability to gather data and to show only one Enron face in the market is crucial to our success.  As important is one pricing desk.  Many of you know, Eric Groves in Houston is running our pricing desk, Larry Lawyer is working on all finance type business for us, and Jen Fraser is running our fundamentals group.  To bring full merchant capabilities to our worldwide LNG business, Mike and I wanted to clearly outline a point that seems to need attention.  ALL LNG contacts, negotiations, and contracts, (physical, financial, buys, sales, etc.), with external counterparties must and will be managed through our commercial LNG group headed by Eric Gonzales, and Rick Bergsieker.  It is crucial to manage market perspective, appearance, and informantion.  We all know how important each project (Metgas, and other initiatives in India) could be, but a coordinated front will help us better grow all of our businesses.  Regards  Jeff 
 I'd like to know how we purchased the Katz.  Was that outside our budget, and in Ken's dining room budget?  Mike and I will get together and address the points you bring up below.  Looking forward to our meeting.  Regards.....Jeff 
 As I was packing some books this weekend, I stumbled across an old copy of The Story of O, and almost fell over.  I knew I had heard of that book--I must have read it some time ago--I think it was orig published in 1954 or 1965.  Now I remember how much I didn't like it!  Hope you've recovered from all your parties.  How was the book dinner.  Did I mention I had a spur of the moment party last night?  Jeff 
 Please expect a phone call from Andrew Makk, currently in the Mid East group, who is interested in exploring opportunities in each of your areas.  He is a very qualified individual who would be a tremendous resource in any of your groups.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 You got it.  Jeff   Merritt Thomas                11/10/2000 03:39 PM 
 Super Saturday is super early---7:15 sat. morn. and I'm at my desk.   Sounds like all your events will be fun.  I'm counting on your helping me with my parties, too! Sounds like this week is busy, but I'm around next weekend.  We'll figure it out this week.  No message yesterday, so I rescheduled it for late afternoon today, can wait.  Later--Jeff 
 an update for both Mike and I would be great.  thanks.  Jeff    V V Rao 02/10/2001 06:37 PM 
 Great news.  Please stay in touch so I can help with your next rotation....  Best regards  Jeff 
 Please select your reviewers for year end PRC.  If you have any questions call Shanna.  thanks.  Jeff 
 Everything was ok, just busy.  Good book?  I just started "When the sons of heaven meet the daughters of earth"  have you heard of it?  I'd absolutely love to go the the Anne Frank thing, but I can't get back from the management conference.  I'm on a panel (with Jeremy) early Friday a.m. 
 OK, so I didn't really think you'd be at the office at 9:30 pm when I left you a message last night, buy my day turned into a freak show.  Later  Jeff 
 You, as well.  Jeff 
 thought you'd like this.....Jeff 
 thanks 
 Hi, hope you are doing great.  I was wondering if you've met Russell Dyke, who is in Lagrasta's group, and who I told could get into the LNG before you came over.  He has great international experience, and LNG experience.  He might be a great match with the Jose team, since I'm uncomfortable with their understanding of MTM, and their overall appreciation of the Enron way of doing business.  (Today, Russel (assoc/mgr at year end) closed a deal with CSFB worth 19 million to us.)  Overall a solid guy.   Let me know what you think.  (Merritt and Russell know each other well, and have worked on projects together)  Also, I mentioned to Merritt that I was excited about her opportunity to trade dutch power, but was very interested in staying in touch with her, possibly to trade freight, etc.  Jeff 
 This is helpful.  Can you also distribute the DASH system, why we use it, how to use it, and approvals needed for deals?  Thanks.   Jeff 
 thanks....Jeff 
 Jennifer B. please print, Jen F. please get this on the fundy's page....Jeff 
 yes. 
 print 
 put on calendar.  Does Nicki know to email you on th is stuff 
 print 
 piano tuning?  nothing bad about last night--very tame. 
 Looks like there is plenty of work to do, and I continue to believe shipping, etc. has great possibility for Enron.  I'd like to get a group of people to talk about plans going forward, and will fill you in shortly on time, where, etc.  One point is that it is our policy not to speak to the press without it being cleared through public relations first.  Your comments were interesting, but I was concerned about perception.  Please coordinate public statements, interviews, and the like through the proper channels going forward.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Great!  Sorry YOU weren't there... I'm on my way out  for a lunch.  I'll call you later.   (I'm excited about the exec committee, but it is a little big, so I told Skilling we should rename it the exec villiage!) 
 Please provide.  Only give my new address.  1818 South Blvd.  Hou  77098 
 Please let Arvind I'd like to get this....Jeff 
 Is this on the calendar.  I think it is Dec. 6?  Call vince for details.... 
 Looks good.  But should out first ad be one of the more aggressive ones?  Jeff    Neil Davies@ENRON 02/09/2001 03:03 PM 
 I asked him (and John Nowlan) to call you about this project that looks pretty cool.  I thought you could lend a hand.  (John Montcrief also does wet shipping for the crude and products group in London and works for Nowlan as well.)  It looks pretty interesting.  Let me know what you think.  Thanks....  Meow.....Jeff   Merritt Thomas                11/08/2000 03:05 PM 
 I spoke with Tom Piazze at Wharton again this morning, about a reduction in the financial commit. from us.  He was not receptive, and in the past, I've suggested energy outsourcing for the University, and more recently discussing their broadband needs.  Others here have thought about this at Enron (like the California University system).  Jeremy Blachman and I are going to run with this in a more direct approach and see what happends.  (Tom P.  was open to all of this, of course).  FYI,  thanks.   Jeff 
 FYI.  Please check into this.... 
 I think you know about this....  On another note, I have 5 cases of Kistler in my office--should we crack a few?  Jeff 
 see if you can print this.... 
 proceed. 
 set up a quick (no more than 30 mins) about this with me, nowlan, reck. thanks.  jeff 
 Thanks. 
 Thanks.  Be sure to get Larry Lawyer,  Brent Price, and Eric Groves=20 involved.  This project is extremely important to Enron, and our LNG=20 strategy.  If there are any resources you need, please let me know. =20  Jeff 
 When you put a person feet first in a pail of cement to throw him off a bridge, how expensive is that type of cement? 
 this is only one of the ads, right?    Neil Davies@ENRON 02/09/2001 02:19 PM 
 Given year end issues, we really need to be trading close to the vest now.  I was a little surprised how big the prompt few months position in crude was two days ago, and we need to scale them back.  I need the component var for those four structural trades we have today. thanks.... Jeff 
 fyi,  what is the purpose of this email..... 
 I'd like access for me.  I think the crude and products guys are looking at it, so I don't understand that we haven't signed a participant agreement. Thanks. 
 fyi 
 I still don't understand.  But we are net short crude, and Crude, company= =20 wide got longer 1000 contracts yesterday.  This is counter to what you are= =20 saying below... Jeff 
 Yes, I think it would be a great experience, and I'd encourage you to continue to meet as many people as possible in the organization.  Jeff 
 how did it reduce var if we added to the underlying positions? 
 Dan, set up a brief meeting with john and me on this.    Jeff 
 please print 
 have I asked you about this?  please print 
 don't be surprised if i ask you guys to take off that friday, too, so that we can be a little flexible with Bob. R.    "Herman, David (Nick)" <David.Herman@tvland.com> 02/09/2001 01:36 PM 
 Can I get more detail?  I think Mike and I are open to suggestions on anything in your world.  Jeff 
 print 
 Just talk to Hunter about the transition.  I'll call Steve Horn if you'd like.  Jeff 
 print 
 print 
 put on calendar.  Jeff 
 I will have Jennifer call your office to schedule.  Glad to help.  Jeff 
 fyi.  Jeff 
 do you have these dates? 
 print 
 print 
 Hi Dave.  As a follow up to out conversation, I found out Robert Rauschenburg will be here April 5 or 6 and the weekend (April 7-8).  See how that looks on the calendar for y'all yankees to visit down here in rodeoland.  (I did go to the rodeo last night--hosted a big party--and wore my boots, and a cowboy hat my group gave me--pictures to follow) Can you believe I went to the Rodeo?  Jeff "J. R." Shankdaddy 
 I'd really appreciate your support on this.  It's a great opportunity for recruiting, and for you to meet some more pretty senior people in the world--but I forget, you know most of them already.....Jeff 
 Where is the mention of J Block hedges.=20 
 Great.  Thanks for the update.  Jeff 
 is this on calendar? 
 print 
 print 
 Thanks for the update.  If any of them would  like to contact me, that would be fine.  I've already talked to Nigel.  Thanks.  Hope you are well.....Jeff 
 Unless you are trying to fill a table, I will not be attending. 
 is this on  the calendar? 
 I would prefer 4 pm.  thanks. 
 Thanks for the clarification.  Jeff    Habiba Bayi@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 02/09/2001 01:00 PM 
 any thoughts? 
 I sat with him in my office and made some changes, then I think you did as well.  I'm ok to proceed.  thanks.  Jeff   Merritt Thomas                10/30/2000 04:30 PM 
 please print 
 please print 
 print 
 Nina, it is hard for Mike and I to attend these meetings in the middle of the afternoon.  We'd both like to participate, but could we start having these meetings later in the afternnon....Thanks.  Jeff 
 put on calendar 
 can you get all of this on the calendar 
 Tom Gros would be great.  Let's try to get him. Thanks 
 I'll have my asst look into this.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Another article from the competitive intelligence group. =20  Jeff 
 please try to find a sport for lisa , and for brent price.  thanks. 
 fyi 
 yes! 
 please facilitate this.    Jennifer Burns  11/01/2000 05:47 PM 
 please print these. 
 please go 
 print 
 is this guy interviewing with us?  Jeff 
 please print 
 thanks.  these updates are great.  Jeff 
 Have our PR people seen this?    Habiba Bayi@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 02/09/2001 12:16 PM 
 No thoughts on Skilling's speech.  He just needs to emphasize we are a great productive entrepreneurial company.  Any we're are largest energy trading and risk management house in the world.  It would be ok if he mentioned that I am a Wharton '89 undergrad and run a large part of our trading group.  Students like to see where successful wharton alum are in the world.  (By the way, I'm the lead for wharton grad and wharton/penn undergrad).  This speech he is giving is a great opportunity for us to recruit...  On another note, I have an idea for you.  Get on my calendar for early part of week after next  (I'm going to the Japan office opening, then to sydney and will be in the office nov. 6)  Keep a low profile on the xcelerator for a week.  Later,  Jeff   Alhamd Alkhayat @ ENRON   10/27/2000 03:56 PM 
 thanks.  these are great updates....  Jeff 
 thanks.  sorry i missed you earlier... 
 I'm out next week, but will be in touch with steve horn when i return.  Jeff 
 No doubt about drinks with you being more fun!  (My haircut is perfect, you'll be pleased to know)  I did go out with my neighbors last night--I needed to because the guy who is buying my house on woodhead st.  came over last night and backed out of his contract.  Boy was I annoyed.  And still am, but the good news is he loses his earnest money to me.  So I'm going to take out a bunch of friends to dinner when i get back.  Want to go?  I'm thinking Tony's or something else fun/festive.  To be determined...but fun. 
 Have you been outside?  I have to leave early today!  Hope your dinner was great....  Jeff 
 who runs that group for us?  Jeff 
 it seems the cnn/usa today poll always shows bush up be the widest margin. do they have a motive here? 
 let's get it to stop the hemorrhaging in is dist. portfolio as well. 
 then christian needs to stop sending these out like they are. 
 I'd like to leave out mention of our equity participation in the first and third paragraphs, and reword the second paragraph to state that envera's customers will have access to enron's products.  (leave out the qualifier "many"  which I read as "partial")    Habiba Bayi@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 02/09/2001 11:24 AM 
 good. thanks.  Jeff 
 thanks for the update.  has eric groves gotten with you regarding the H.Galleon, and the oman gas? 
 is this a violation or not? 
 Are we sponsoring gas tech (in houston) Nov 15 ish for $200,000?  What's up with the brochures?  Yes? No?  Your call on all of this.  Jeff 
 just call anytime today.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Thanks.  I like this format...please keep me updated.   Jeff 
 please schedule if possible 
 John, what do you think of this. 
 check with nowlan etc about this. 
 good thing i saved this, huh?  please put on calendar...... 
 Sure, call jennifer my asst, at x39440.  Are you going with Lou to the xcelerator?  Jeff    Alhamd Alkhayat@ENRON 02/09/2001 11:16 AM 
 Do you agree? 
 I couldn't open Ajna's email either, this morn. 
 FYI 
 Is this a violation, or are we just shifting portfolios around.  Jeff 
 Thanks for the resume.  Nowlan and I will take a look.   Jeff 
 Looks good.  I'm probably not available for a lunch meeting on this topic, so let's do it after the close.  Jeff 
 John, Please look into this.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Good progress.  But we need to ramp it up big time.  Jeff 
 Hi bub, I could only see images 3 and 4.  I couldn't access the mayadon bowl or the lenoble.  is there a problem with the viewer in those files? Stop working so late.  Jeff 
 thanks.  are there any other companys that make a substitutable connector? Meaning, do they (Amp) have any competitors of any sort?  I appreciate the insights. 
 Comments? 
 I have other images to send you.  If you are interested, let me know......Jeff 
 please print 
 FYI 
 thanks fo rthe update.  Jeff 
 This is great....I'll get it on the calendar....Thanks. 
 absolutely!  can't wait.... 
 please ask you groups to participate, and spread the word.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 what do you think of this?  Please respond to just me. 
 Philippe, this has been going on for a while.  Can you address this right away?  Thanks.   Jeff 
 thanks for the update.    Enron North America Corp. 
 of course, it's a favorite.  the lesson i learned last night--and i wouldn't be surprised if i were your only friend who learns lessons from weekday comedies--is to be happy!...if you're free, let's go out tomorrow eve and have our brief woes drinks (and not wait 2 weeks), then put it in the past.... 
 do you ever watch "Frasier"? 
 Please get with michelle and let her know of exact details.  thanks  jeff 
 please print 
 Fyi.  Put this on the calendar. 
 Looks good.  Coordinate with Chris and John and let's move on this.  Jeff 
 I'll look for him on my calendar. 
 I was planning on changing the morning meeting as you indicated.  The problem with the P&L loss is one of time.  We have given back 25 million this quarter, and very few traders took profits at any time.  I expect traders to lose money at times, but we have other constraints.  I'd be happy to have a call with you once we finish our budget process about how we will get to our numbers next year. Of course spread trading is a good idea, but when I look at the portfolio in aggregate, the position story I'm being told doesn't make sense. We'll get there. 
 Thanks for the thought.  We are trying to get more fund business already through Per in the NY office.  Do you have any funds you'd like to sign up. In terms of products, I was thinking more depth in products we feel comfortable managing.  Maybe different spreads/cracks, whatever.  You can control product launch, not the funds.  Can you give a some ideas of more/new products we trade or more/new products you'd like to get on eol.  What more products will your customers want?  Jeff 
 print. 
 please put me on the continental flight to tokyo on sunday as well.  thanks. 
 FYI.  I'd like to be number 2 behind ENA.  And a close 2nd that is. This should be a priority for us. I'd like to set up a meeting shortly to put together a strategy on how we can get there.  More to follow. 
 can we spend a few minutes talking about eol?  I've only gotten response from jim g, doug f, and adam m.  where is everyone else?  Jeff 
 I thought Jere O was going for me. 
 I'd be happy to look at his resume.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 I have forwarded your resume to John Lavorato, who runs gas and power. Thanks.  Jeff 
 For your reading enjoyment.  Jeff 
 print 
 Thanks for the invite, but I will be unable to attend.   Jeff    Caroline Abramo@ENRON 02/08/2001 03:04 PM 
 print 
 I had to cancel my trip to Phila today--bummer.  Nov 7 is fine.  (I'm out of town this sunday for one week)  I'm psyched about australia, but only for two days is a little sad.  Anyway, I'm here through sunday if there is a woe emergency..... 
 FYI 
 Thanks.  Good job. 
 please print 
 I'm looking forward to our drinks/dinner of woes.  (But not too long on woes, I don't like not being in a good mood).  When is good for you week after next?  Jeff  P.S.  I really don't like that expression "misery loves company"  by the way...... 
 Is this why BP thought to squeeze the market?  Jeff 
 Yes, there is a formalized process.  After Credit and Legal, and in most cases RAC, look at transactions, a VP or higher will sign the Dash.  For Doug to sign the Bahamas option contract, I need to know the premium.  Please contact Brent Price for our DASH.  (Deal approval sheet)  Jeff   Merritt Thomas                10/23/2000 04:51 PM 
 I'll defer to you.  How does this supplement your reports now? 
 Do you have an answer for me regarding the simulation I asked you to run? 
 Thanks for the update.  What you point out in your email is exactly what we need to be doing.  Also, I'll be happy to meet with you regarding rotations when you are ready.  Jeff    David P Dupre 02/26/2001 06:53 AM 
 any thoughts? 
 Thanks for the clarification.  Get it listed if you like.  Jeff 
 Great.  Thanks.   Jeff 
 John Nowlan is concerned that this var number isn't right.  According to john, the group significantly reduced postions (on the whole).  What about the forward forward vol?  Have we looked at that?  My instinct is that something is not accurate with this var number today if you look at the resulting position as of Friday evening's postion report.  I'd like someone to be dedicated to the crude and products group full time who can help us with "what if" scenarios throughout the trading day, and who can work with Pavel on the crude desk on the forward forward vol issue.  Also, I'd like to isolate first gas holdings since that is taking up approx 2 million in var each day.  Jeff 
 Hi Lea,  What are you thinking about with Jeff (Koons)?  Jeff 
 FYI.  I sent this monday 4pm if you hear any rumblings.  Jeff 
 It seems to me we are in the middle of no man's land with respect to the following:  Opec production speculation, Mid east crisis and renewed tensions, US elections and what looks like a slowing economy  (?),  and no real weather anywhere in the world.  I think it would be most prudent to play the markets from a very flat price position and try to day trade more aggressively.  I have no intentions of outguessing Mr. Greenspan, the US. electorate, the Opec ministers and their new important roles, The Israeli and Palestinian leaders, and somewhat importantly, Mother Nature.  Given that, and that we cannot afford to lose any more money, and that Var seems to be a problem, let's be as flat as possible. I'm ok with spread risk  (not front to backs, but commodity spreads).  The morning meetings are not inspiring, and I don't have a real feel for everyone's passion with respect to the markets.  As such, I'd like to ask John N. to run the morning meetings on Mon. and Wed.  Thanks.   Jeff 
 Explain to me why Don S. went golfing at 3 pm and you have this huge var violation in his book?  I'm not sure that was the best idea he's ever had. 
 print 
 please print. 
 Thanks.  This is helpful.  I like all the products you've mentioned below, except for the MTBE one.  Is there a real market need for this?  Please proceed and get the others on EOL asap.  Also please pass the trade idea you have to Fred Lagrasta's group. 
 Rick,  Just following up on the VaR requests.  Do you have everything you need?  Jeff 
 Please send this to the staff meeting distribution list.  Please take a minute and fill out the Pulse, and encourage your organization to do so as well.  Thanks.  Mike and Jeff 
 Why did I not get this until 12:41? 
 John, you guys have to be under Var tonight before we leave for the evening. That means buying on access if necessary. 
 I don't know why I got a new P&L DPR at 2:30 today showing a change in P&L and a big VAR violation--most likely due to shroeder's getting shorter 2186 contracts of crude and Botchlett's getting shorter 2141 heat contracts. Don's Var went up 2.8 million to 9.7 million, and Dave's Var went down only 687 thousand to 3.1 million.  Where is Dave's var coming from?  We need to be under our Var tonight.  Dave and Don--please take care of this.  Jeff 
 fyi.  can you respond to this guy if need be.  Jeff 
 can you send this to all the staff member participants today?  Thanks.  Jeff 
 thank you.  Jeff 
 First--Ted your voicemail isn't working.  I would like to get active in recruiting products traders, in a real attempt to high grade the group.  Can we, and how do we make a full court press with the headhunters out there?  Also, what do you guys think of putting a big ad in the Chronicle, and the WSJ?  We could also look for originators and marketers.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Do you know what this is? 
 FYI 
 print 
 Hi Andy,  I would like access to the ICEX--1 terminal per office.  (Houston, London, Singapore).  Please coordinate with John Nowlan, Chris Mahoney, and John Chismar respectively.  Thanks very much. 
 please print 
 please print 
 please print 
 print 
 please print 
 thanks.  I was wondering.... 
 Lets at least try to participate somehow in Sales and Trading--but I will leave this up to you.  Thanks for all of your help.  Jeff 
 What do you think? 
 please print 
 FYI.  These guys do great intelligence work for us, and I'd be happy to help you guys get a similar effort going for you if you do not receive these services already.  (They have done everything from competitior studies to industry studies both commercial and political)  Best,  Jeff 
 fyi 
 I know you guys have been working to secure supply for the H. Galleon.  I wonder if we should do some sort of tender for fob princing, allowing us whatever freedom we want with the ship.  I'm not sure we should kill ourselves for a few pennies--I'd even let the ship stay empty and maybe force some of our will on the LNG market if possible, in effect creating more of a spot market.  Maybe EOL.   Any thoughts?  Jeff 
 print. 
 yes, of course.  are you seeing it? 
 Hi John--hope things are well.  I'd like to invite you to One Great Night, Nov  8. if you are free.  Last year was my first year, and I will admit, it is somewhat of a spectacle.  Fun with the right group of people though.  Let me know if you are around!  Regards,  Jeff 
 Hi stranger!  how's the new digs?  WHEN are we going out for a little dinner?  Jeff 
 what are you talking about.... 
 Tom Piazze is the Director of Corporate relations at Wharton.  215 898 1615. Use my name 
 I have no interest in him 
 sure....old house.... 
 please print 
 I have forwarded your resume to Ted Bland.  He will be your contact person. Thanks for your interest. 
 For your pleasure 
 John was not interested in Mike after I spoke with him.    Jennifer Burns  10/18/2000 01:28 PM 
 Mark, Thor, and Todd,  Thanks for the video conference this morning.  Mike and I are convinced weather can and will be an extremely profitable business.  One issue I would like to address is EnergyDesk.com.  It seems like an interesting idea, but I'd like to find out more about it, and in relation to the work Tom Gros in doing in NetWorks.  I'd also like to understand more about the scalability of this model, and our relationship with Kiodex.  To that end, I do not want any proprietary data, product interface, and or other weather related matter and material to be part of EnergyDesk.com.  I will keep you updated as I learn more about these and other issues.  Regards  Jeff 
 Hi John, hope things are well...Hickerson and I were talking yesterday about the convert bond desk, and he mentioned to me that it make sense for it to come to his group.  I understand you have had prelim discussions about this, and wanted to catch up with you on this matter.  I'll give you a ring by week's end if we want to proceed.  My initial reaction is that it probably makes sense....  Jeff 
 fine 
 I'm so sorry.  My cell phone died, and wouldn't work with the car for some reason.   And was in the office by the time you called at 6:30  ( a  little problem this morn here)--thanks for the repeated attempts...... 
 proceed with your recommendation.  Also, we do not need to store any data once I see report. 
 fyi 
 please print out 
 What do we need to do to be involved.  Kristin, can you call Tom Piazze and ask him what he thinks 
 please look into. 
 No problem.  Doug is a good guy that I want to put under contract.  What's the status with his immigration?  Could we be in a scenario that he has to work our of canada for a while?  Jeff 
 please print 
 please print 
 I know you're a technology guy, and thought you might find this useful. Launch or view the application.....  Jeff  (aka capitan) 
 please print 
 What's the story here. 
 I agree.  We do not need anyone speaking at this. 
 What's the story here? 
 take a look 
 here's a good one. 
 put these super saturdays, and the schools that will be attending each on the calendar 
 schedule 
 Thanks for the note.   We are still looking at the value chain, but think we may have an idea.  I think Mike and I learned a lot from you guys when we were in London.  Nobody thinks our speculating in the grain markets does much for us, and is probably the wrong way to run that group.  Interestingly, the cargill CEO hasn't met with us yet.  We have been trading softs, but very small.  Next time Gary Hickerson is in London, which should be soon, I'll have him give you guys the story, and ask for more of your input.  Regards  Jeff    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 also put this on the calendar 
 I would like to help on the Nov 18 analyst super saturday also.  Jeff 
 please correct 
 please put this on the calendar 
 please print 
 yes. 
 oui.  don't tell anybody about it, big boy.    Daniel Diamond 02/06/2001 04:53 PM 
 Where are the wharton analysts? 
 Nov 11 is great, and I'll try to help out Dec 9.  (I'll be out of town Nov 4).  I'd also be happy to look now at the spring schedule.  Jeff 
 I'll get on it.  With the Texaco Chevron merger, I'd like to get some insight into their organizations.  Particularly Texaco, since they have two trading offices, one in Whit Plains, the other here.  This set up for them has never worked well, and I'd like to talk to some of the better Texaco traders, if there are any.  Jeff 
 Glad to help.  Can you get me the schedule as to which schools will be here on those dates.  Jeff 
 please print 
 please schedule 
 what is this? 
 please print 
 more info 
 This is what I mentioned today. 
 put on calendar, and rsvp.  thanks. 
 is this true? 
 do we have a folder for this? 
 please see 
 I will RUN RUN RUN.......(what is cazaux---not cateau?) 
 Hi Ben,  No problem if you want to invoice me.  I'm not ready for you to ship the goods to me, though, and probably won't be for a few weeks, as I move into the new digs.  Still thinking about the lamp and desk.....  Best,  Jeff 
 congrats on the network move! 
 I know we've made good progress with respect to morning reports for EGM. However, I continue to receive most reports after 9:00 a.m., which is too late into the trading day.  Please let me know if there are resources you need, so this aspect of EGM can run as smoothly as ENA gas.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Give me a C Give me an N Give me an R Give me an S  What do you have?  A Quarter! 
 Did you have any doubt that the best logistics school is  Wharton?  (I think they call it transportation sciences, no really).  I'll call up there this morn and get back with you.... 
 yes, send me his resume,etc 
 please print out incl text 
 Fine.  Coordinate with Jennifer 
 ok. 
 I haven't heard from either of you regarding the Wharton Analyst I mentioned.  Any interest in speaking with him?  Jeff 
 I want Platts, etc. to apologize and retract their story.  Jeff 
 Thanks for the email.  You do know that Networks and our Broadband businesses are different, I trust.  If you have and questions, please let me know, and I'll be happy to help you get to the next group that most interests you.  Jeff 
 thanks for the update.  Please keep me updated today.....  Jeff    Enron North America Corp. 
 Why am I such a worrier.  It was fine...... 
 I really don't want to press release this.  Is there a good reason we should?  Jeff 
 Yes, I think we will both be there.  Do you have an idea of the number of attendees, (particularly from global markets)?  Jeff 
 am i around? 
 I've been swamped, and out of the office a lot the last several days.  Let's have dinner sometime, and I still have for you.    Alma Martinez/ENRON@enronXgate 02/23/2001 03:59 PM 
 please print text, and resume. 
 I'd like to have a few people meet her, but am confident in Jennifer's ability to evaluate analysts.  Jeff 
 Michelle, If you run into problems with finding mgr or above interviewers, you should consider assoc. to interview analysts.  I would also like to put Kevin McGowan (who went to MBA but isn't on the list, as an interviewer for wharton, in Phila if possible),  I'll leave it to you for interviewers. 
 Are you also coordinating this with hunter and his available analysts who you think are good? 
 Preliminary-- Anything suggestions?  Jeff 
 Sorry I missed you before I left--my phones at the house we also having some trouble. 
 Thanks, I'll get with Mike and let you know.  Jeff 
 I be happy to fill you in 
 Please include EGM  Jeff 
 thanks for the invite.  I can't be up there on the 20th, however.  Please fill me in after.  Jeff 
 Yes! 
 I'll set up an interview schedule for him....Jeff    Mike McConnell 02/06/2001 11:41 AM 
 love to catch up tomorrow.  What did I buy from you in this most recent batch?  (I remember the table and the guillmard pots).....  Jeff 
 please print,  also let her know i still want reports. 
 great, as long as there is no monetary commit...Jeff 
 please note 
 print 
 not much. and you? 
 sure. thanks. 
 print 
 Have susan m. call me on this guy.    Jennifer Burns  10/10/2000 11:47 AM 
 hey there.  freak show central here.  this week is bad, unfortunately. florida was awsome...and it put me in the mood to get back on the diet, and exercise.  did you buy that watch?  you should leave the office now and get it if you didn't, and on your way back, you should stop for a tennis lesson!    Alexandra Saler@EES 02/05/2001 09:09 AM 
 Draft:  We are please to announce the following within Enron Global Markets:  Larry Lawyer will be joining EGM effective immediately to start our new finance origination activities.  In this role, he will work with all commodity products, assets,  and teams and lever our existing businesses with new this new focus.  (Do you want to put in his background--which you probably now more than I?)  He will be reporting to the Office of the Chairman.  Eric Gonzales will be joining the LNG team and co-head this effort with Rick Bergsieker.  We believe there is significant opportunity in the worldwide LNG markets, and Eric will direct all merchant activity.  (Do you want to put in his background?)  Rick will be relocating to Dubai, and bring his martket relationships and  industry knowledge to the region focussing on Project Dolphin (do we want to say this?) and other related Mideast projects.  Eric and Rick will report to the Office of the Chairman.  Jen Fraser will come over and develop our market fundamentals group for all products in EGM, much like ENA natural gas and power fudamentals and intranet pages exist today.  Previously, Jen was working in the Mid Market origination group.  Heather Purcell will be joining this group developing the commercial interface for our intranet page.  Heather was with Azurix, where she worked on the platform interface for the ebusiness initiatives.  Gary Hickerson will be chairing our Trader's Roundtable.  This group will be comprised of traders across Enron's wholesale trading and risk management businesses.  This forum will give traders the opportunity to discuss topics important to their individual markets, and discuss other  markets in a macro sense.  We will be also forming a Cross Commidity trading group.  In this group, traders who have shown extremely strong and consistent profitability will have the opportunity to exploit cross commodity opportunities with a bias toward structural shifts in markets.  This group will not be involved in customer activity, and will execute through our principal desks.   Gary will manage this new group, as well as continuing with his current F/X, Rates, Equity, and Agriculture initiatives.  (anything else?) 
 I'd like to talk to him, but isn't merlin's credit low? 
 print 
 please take care of. 
 print 
 print 
 please print 
 print 
 FYI....Jeff 
 any thoughts? 
 put this on the calendar.  Jeff 
 print 
 I'll call you..... 
 they say small possiblitly  (30%) 
 John, what do you think?  Jeff 
 Print on my business letterhead.   Naomi Leff Naomi Leff & Associates 12 West 27th Street New York, NY  10001 212 686 6300  Dear Naomi,  Thanks for the opportunity to work with you on my new home.  I've enclosed a virtual tour disk (just follow the prompts), and some floor plans from my architect.  If there is anything else you need, please call anytime.  I'm excited for you to see the house in person, and have the chance to discover my passion for 20th century design.  Dennis and Daniel have been a great source of the best objects and knowledge.  Of course it is a primary concern to make sure the home, the objects, the furnishings, and the space work together.  Dennis and Daniel speak very highly of you and it is important to me that I have the help to complete this project with great attention, and all that results from that attention.  Best Regards,    Jeff 
 Hi Rick,  I understand it is hot in Dubai--hopefully it will cool off soon.  On an organizational matter, I'm not too comfortable with your creating new org charts, and creating a new exec committee, etc.  Please call me next week so we can discuss this.  Jeff 
 Supposed to be low 70's this evening, and cool tomorrow a.m. 
 print 
 Please get with me before we offer a job to andrew mcclune.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 FYI 
 his response.  Jeff 
 Great article.  When/where will this be published.  Have a great weekend. Jeff 
 I may or may not be in town, but I think Mike will be here.  It's probably important that one of us attend.  Jeff 
 Thanks for your interest.  Mike and I have looked at cement a little, so I'm interested in your perspective.  Please contact my asst.  Jennifer Burns, at ext 39440 and get on my calendar.  Jeff 
 fyi....I'll set up a meeting with this guy. 
 come see me on hime and we'll talk strategy.  Jeff 
 If you'd like to go, that would be great.  Thanks.  Jeff    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 Hey, if no one has told you today that you are the king, let me be the one to do so.  Peace  Jeff 
 print 
 sorry for the oversight on my part. 
 no problem 
 jeff 
 Please include Jen Fraser on this distribution as well going forward.  Jeff 
 Congratulations on the birth of your daughter!  If you want to stay active in recruiting, let me know.  Also Michelle Nezi Marvin will be our shcool lead.  Best Regards  Jeff 
 Thanks for the email.  I'll put some thought into it.  Stay in touch--  Jeff 
 It's not necessarily an either/or decision.  Michelle, do you think this is a good program?  Kristin, can you call Tom Piazze at Wharton, and ask him what he thinks about the importance of our participation in this?  Jeff 
 If you'd like to get me the resumes today, I'll take a look, and pick a few out.  This way we won't need to change the meeting time.  Michelle was my first choice to lead the effort.  OK about Suzanne.  I'm serious about keeping a highly visible presence on campus, and am willing to spend some money, strategically.  Keep me updated.  Jeff 
 If you think there is value to your seeing the ship, I'm ok with your detour.  Let me know before you go what you intend to find out if anything.  Regards  Jeff    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 This is another reason why the HR and A/A program don't like each other. It's absurd that our personnell functions don't share resources.  I'm almost of the opinion that these two groups should be folded together.  Jeff 
 put on calendar 
 I will be out of the office oct 9.  Jeff 
 This looks like a great opportunity for us.  Jeff 
 Thanks for the invite.  I'd love to go with you guys.  Jeff    Michael J Beyer 02/05/2001 06:30 PM 
 what time is the soiree friday eve? 
 Jennifer Fraser is leading our fundamentals intranet group for all products within EGM.  Please contact her so we do not duplicate efforts, as the coal, etc site will be incorporated with some uniformity into the larger EGM site.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 please print 
 somewhat surprising, but we'll take it 
 print 
 love to help, cant' be at the meeting.  Jeff 
 print 
 can you get per and jere o. an avistar system?  Thanks.  Jeff 
 I will be unable to attend  Jeff 
 fine if you keep me up to speed.  But I do not expect to does this for free. What do we want related to this?  Did you know Exmar exercised the options? Apparently they want to work with us--on this ship.  What do we want related to this? 
 here is the note I sent to Thor.  I'll wait for his response.  Jeff 
 its chris holmes, not harris.  is this something else? 
 put on calendar.  Thanks. 
 set some time up--30 minutes.  Jeff 
 Have you gotten with Chris Holmes, re: the voice mail I sent you end of last week?  Thanks.  Jeff 
 fyi 
 I've already talked to Cliff B.  The only thing we are precluded from is building a power plant in Singapore... 
 Very strong need for people in Japan next august.  I'd like to get some people interested in helping start there, or get there after some enron indoctrination.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Yes, absolutely.  There is a ton of work in Japan, and as you know Joe Hirl runs the office, but the products in EGM are crucial to its success.  I'd be happy to meet her.  Let me know how I can help.  Jeff 
 Glad to be of help.  Let me know if you ever need anything from me.  Regards.  Jeff 
 let me know if you need my help.  I'd suggest leaving vince a voicemail....  Jeff 
 Hi Thor,  Sorry you won't make our offsite, but a little vacation every so often is never a bad thing. I do have a question about Bjarne's promotion to director.  When I look at the P&L for Oslo weather trading, you showed a loss of about $1 million, and I don't think that deserves this promotion.  What else does he do?  I'm also concerned that neither Mark (nor I) had any notice of this.  His promotion has caused some difficulty over here and I'd like to get this cleared up.  Jeff 
 rolodex please 
 print 
 brad hitch 
 please follow up with this.  what are we talking to him about.  Jeff 
 print 
 please print 
 please print 
 Please follow up with this.  Jeff 
 Rick,  What is the network theory here?  I'm also not a fan of an only Jordanian play.  Politically, I'm not sure it makes sense, (like Gaza)  What's the benefit here?  Jeff 
 Clear it with arnold if you want dutch.  Let me know as people come to you. the goal is to have people rotate into your group directly, or from the gas fundamentals group if possible, and vice versa.  Keep me updated, and you, I and Lavo will work this out.  Jeff 
 He's in London, by the way.  Jeff    Joe Gold 02/05/2001 02:05 PM 
 sure.  Jeff 
 As promised.  Jeff 
 Singapore is mentioned.  What do you think.  Jeff 
 please print resume and cover letter 
 Thanks for your email.  Please call me when you have a chance.  Jeff 713 853 1761 
 what do you guys think.  Jeff If he is good, we have a lot to do in Japan. 
 I think I did, but don't have a copy.  Ask Fred 
 Please follow up with chris.  Jeff 
 lunch sometime would be great.  call my asst. jennifer at 39440 and see when I'm free.  Jeff 
 print 
