Hub Book.  Hunter 
 I would like to see your work as well.  I will give you a call.  Thanks Hunter 
 Kam  can you add Geof Storey?  Thanks Hunter 
 I will be unable to attend.  I am sending Andy Lewis in my place.  Thanks Hunter 
 what is the latest  Hunter 
 Sounds good....marty mare knows where to get them as well.  See you Monday 
 the guys are not listed 
 Tim  I thought I would give you a simple overview of the gas market.  This may help you prepare for Thursday.  Everyday roughly 55 Billion Cubic Feet of gas is produced.  The bulk of this production is in Texas, Louisiana, and Oklahoma.  In the winter, the US daily load is greater than 55 BCF and in the summer, the daily US load is less than 55 BCF.  Therefore, storage fields are needed to smooth out the seasonal differences in load.  Texas and Louisiana are two of the largest consumers of natural gas.  However these states produce more gas than they consume.  Most other states consume more gas than they produce.  Therefore pipelines were built to solve the regional imbalances.  Most of these pipelines originate out of LA and TX and move gas to the areas of greatest demand.  Our goal is to gain a handle on where the daily production is moving and if the daily production is growing or shrinking.  Very simplistic, but maybe it helps. Hunter 
 how did this go? 
 I don't remember if I told you that Fletch and I will be playing golf on Saturday morning.  Thank You Hunter 
 Has the deal between you and Patrice been booked? 
 This meeting should be on Geoff's calendar too. 
 I will talk to her as well 
 looks good.  I can not think of anything to add. 
 I am sad to see you go.  Stop by if you have time.  Hunter 
 can you attend this? 
 Chris, can you attend this? 
 great 
 The two canadian points (Dawn and Niagara) are quoted in US dollars so a basis can be calculated.  We also need to add NIT (AECO).  John McKay manages this product.  He should know the hours of trading and which day should be selected for index calculation.  Hunter 
 has anyone notified EOL of our flip-out choice.  I think the product would work like this:  Chic - Peoples      June one day withdrawal / July ratable injection                      .015 bid     .025 offer Chic - Peoples      June balance of month withdrawal / July ratable injection    .015 bid     .025 offer  I think the rest of month would be more popular but we should give both a try.  Also we need to work on an auto hedge feature for the Chicago office.  call me 
 thanks 
 book it 
 EOL and Peoples transaction explain year and quarter.  The biggest reason is EOL.  I think the month to date numbers are up because we are experiencing an increase in EOL trading in the Gulf Coast Region.  Let me know if you need more info.  Hunter 
 EOL and Peoples 
 where did you get your copy of Green Markets? Hunter 
 The first product looks good.  We need to consider having one product for parks and loans.  I think we should make a market in this product.  Let me know what you think.  Has Laura decided which organization will flip the deals? 
 Please call me (34772).   Where did you obtain your information?  Hunter 
 I think I have a meeting that starts at 4:00.  Please let them know that I can attend from 3:30-4:00. 
 Should we have an explanation of index calculation?  It may build more trust in the numbers. 
 The page is missing the gas flow date and the numbers require only three decimal points.  We need to add Canada numbers.  Also is it possible to make the basis column more straight? 
 I don't know if you read your email so I am forwarding this to you. 
 Ned Higgins met with Tim Herman on Friday.  However I don't think we are going to pursue the project.  How are ya? Hunter 
 Has someone in NetWorks looked at this issue?  Thanks Hunter 
 I would like to see the composite.  I think my home computer has logon access through the firewall. 
 I think that if a product does not trade for a day, we do not post the product the index or product description in the index page.  I think the index calculation hours should be 7:30 a.m. to 12:00 a.m.   How fast can the index page be calculated and posted? 
 Before we publish this we need to calc the index for a few days.  We need to feel confident that the index is calculating correctly.  You can reach me at h-j@swbell.net  hunter 
 Brad  Today (06-15-2000) I reiterated to Theresa on a recorded telephone that she must be profitable in the second half of the year.  I believe that my exact statement was "If you are not profitable the next months we are going to have another talk".  After thinking about it afterwards, this statement is probably too vague.  Do I need to clarify this statement?  Should I define the exact amount of profit?  Should I explicitly say that I will ask her to leave the group?  Your help would be appreciated.  Hunter 
 I have attached how I would do it.  check out the red comment marks.  Do not add day ahead + 1 I leave for Portland around 4:00  Thanks Hunter 
 next week sometime is possible.  not Tuesday  Hunter 
 Any more documentation on this deal?  Midwestern Gas Transmission 5/18/00 - Midwestern filed notice of a negotiated rate deal with Dynegy.  It provides for a monthly reservation charge of $.025/dth and a tiered indexed commodity rate based on spreads.  If the index spread is less than or equal to $.02, then the daily commodity rate shall be $.01.  If the index spread is greater than $.02 but less than $.10, then the rate shall be 50% of the spread.  If the index spread is greater than $.10, then the rate shall be $.05 plus 75% of the spread exceeding $.10.  The deal is effective 5/1/00 through 10/31/00. 
 Donna  What is the ANSI Compliance Team?  Thanks Hunter 
 Colleen  What is XML?  Thanks Hunter 
 I have little need for Volp at this time.  Thank You 
 Laura  Dave Forster from Eol may be calling you.  I am trying to get the Hub online and I am having trouble because Enron does not own more than 50% of the Midwest Hub.  An EOL lawyer may have found a solution.  I have asked Dave to call you.  I wanted to give you a heads up.  Thanks Hunter 
 I talked to Louise and she said that Mark Taylor had the following idea.  If the Chicago office signs an agreement that binds the Chicago office to every "Midwest Hub" deal on EOL then we could avoid the PA and ETA.  I believe the Chicago office is on the network so the stack manager should not be a problem.  Louise said that she would have someone call Laura Luce.  Laura manages the Chicago office and is the person that would authorize the above agreement.  Thanks Hunter 
 Dave    can you redo with day + 1 products only?  Also can you display the data without placing multiple data in a given row?  I have attached an example. The first row in this spreadsheet is how I would like to see the data.  This way I can sort the data in any fashion.  Thanks Hunter 
 can we create a link to a Chicago Hub EOL site?  If so, can the Chicago Hub site have new PA's and ETA's? 
 What is ETA and PA?  Thanks 
 we will need to do it after work sometime.  Let me know  Hunter 
 agreed 
 I feel like such a heel.  There is a hidden pocket in my computer bag and I had placed my phone and flight info in this pocket.  Thank you for continuing to look for the phone.  I am embarrassed.  I had a meeting with Beth today.  I feel that it did not go well.  I asked for an IT person that would work in our group and would be expected to learn the fundamentals.  I also indicated that I would like everyone in the group to learn IT and that we would hire someone to sit on our desk and produce the front-end.  She did not like that idea.  Her proposal is that an IT person can sit on our desk and decide what IT resources we need and she wants front-end production to be handled by her group.  We ended the meeting with no resolution and we will meet again tomorrow.  It seems to me that if we don't have free access to the website or database, the group will suffer.  I will follow up tomorrow. 
 I am glad to hear your search is going well.  It sounds like you are on the right track.  Hunter 
 ASAP - Tomorrow mid-morning would probably best for me but let me know 
 You need to get a mountain bike.  I like riding the trails through Memorial Park.  Nasdaq 5000 here we come Hunter 
 George,  what is our view on this?  Hunter 
 What is the latest on the EOL feeds.  I talked to Dave last week and he indicated it was no problem.  I have a meeting with him today at 2:30.  Let me know what I need to tell him.  Also, what is the latest with the late nominations.  I talked to Jason and he told him it was due to producers changing their noms.  I have not talked to George about this issue.  Jason also thinks that the problem is shorter lived that PGL&C has indicated. Please write back with PGL&C's position on the matter.  Thanks Hunter 
 Trunkline LNG Company 5/18/00 - Trunkline filed for approval of a new rate schedule (LLS) for LNG= =20 Lending Service.  It is patterned on PALS services=01*short term loans, wit= h=20 repayment within 31 days.  any opportunities for us? Hunter 
 I will take a look.  Thanks again for letting me spend the day with you.  I have a call into Beth and I will let you know how that goes.  Thanks Hunter 
 We can accomodate you.  However I am not sure if Laura wants us to meet this week. 
 My map was blank.  Could you resend?  Thanks Hunter 
 looks good 
 yes....good idea 
 I would like for Colin and David to create security that gives access to the site for certain users only.  There are too many people logging in that we do not know.  We need to begin creating this list.  All Central, Texas, East, West, NYMEX desk and Chicago office traders (Richard Tomaski will provide the Chicago office names) Power traders Fundamentals Gas, Power, EIM Fred's group Lavo, Whalley, Kitchen, Frevert,  If you can think of any more let me know.  Can we implement the security this week? 
 I will be in the office all week.  Let me know when you guys would like to stop by  hunter 
 Hunter Shively - I have weather access and I would like to trade power  The remainder of the desk trades gas only 
 Unfortunately I am in Chicago on Thursday and Friday.  Hunter 
 These dates are good.  It would be best if they arrived between 8:30 and 10:30.  hunter 
 Unfortunately I will be out of the office on Wednesday.  Hunter 
 customer outing - Masters 
 Williams Central Pipeline is not one of our "top tier pipelines" 
 what is an 82/82% percent deal? 
 kelli Stevens' "today" number looks incorrect 
 thank you 
 Sorry for the confusion.  I would prefer that you draft the letter and we will sign it.  The proposed changes to the system are a good idea and we are working to initiate them. Please send the letter and I will notify you when the system has been changed.  Thanks Hunter 
 Levitan &  Associates 
 Please put this on my calendar 
 thank you for your help 
 the weekly trading activity is what I wanted  thanks 
 Rain  Please set up a time with these people, me and the marketers on our desk.  thanks 
 Please include the transactions by desk sheets? 
 It does.  However Kelli is transacting about 425 a day 
 Is the chart range wide enough?  Kelli and Patrice do more than 250 trades per day.  Thanks Hunter 
 Carie Robert (pronounced Robear) X33522 does floor tours for visitors 
 let's try to set-up a call with Geof on Wednesday or Thursday.  hunter 
 I know her husband.  I prefer to fill any future openings with trading track personnel.  However I would talk to her. 
 http://weather.yahoo.com/streams/index.html 
 I am ok with this 
 Are we going to discuss these with Lavo before he makes a decision?  Hunter 
 Lisa and Jason should not be on our RC 
 yes 
 John  The questions that Gas Daily is receiving most likely pertain to the issue that Nicor was closed on Friday but the weekend index published substantially different from the Thursday index.  We did not transact at Nicor City Gate on Friday and did not submit a change in trades to Gas Daily.  I will discuss this with you tomorrow. 
 Rain,  Has Demetrion set up a meeting with you?  If not, please call him and arrange a time.  Thanks 
 looks expenseive.  We will go with B&W 
 Let me know if this is not what you need.  Hunter 
 Please schedule a meeting with Caroline about her needs 
 Kelli  Have we contacted GRE? 
 any day next week is good 
 Rain  Let's talk about this 
 thank you. 
 Should Vladi do this? 
 I attended a class two weeks ago.  It was interesting.  Are there plans to make the application web based? 
 Mark Ashbrook left me a message.  I am sure that he is seeking feedback on his interview.  Do you want me to talk to him.  If not, his phone number is 773 935 5101.  Thanks Hunter 
 If you are interested in trading.  I can speak with you.  Hunter 34772 
 Please sign me up.  Thank You Hunter 
 I think I have a meeting at 3:00.  Call me when you have time tomorrow and we will set a time.  Hunter x34772 
 Can we meet on Friday and review this spreadsheet?  Hunter 
 My handwriting is messy so I am sending an e-mail.  Slide:      Competitive Analysis Groups  Heading:     Chicago Portal: Market Area Newsletter  Suggested additions:    make note of a website Transportation spreads calculated with EOL numbers E-Confirms Customer specific transaction history information Log-in ID to portal is the same as EOL ID Customer specific information on Enron's nominations with the customer  Heading:    Provides  Suggested additions:   integration with EOL Promotes EOL sign-up 
 Can you print this for me?  Thanks 
 http://gasfundynew.dev.corp.enron.com/gas/framework/default.asp 
