 
 Kristin - you're right!  I didn't realize you and your Dad had talked this morning.  Sorry for the confusion!  SRS 
 Hi again, Kristin.  Just wanted to make sure you received my e-mail yesterday about meeting your Dad at Grotto (on Westheimer) at 1:00p.  Send me a note back and let me know, ok?  Thanks, SRS 
 Hi, Kristin.  Your Dad asked me to write you and suggest that the two of you meet for lunch tomorrow at Grotto on Westheimer at 1:00 p.m.  They don't take reservations, but the lunch crowd should have cleared out by that time.  Let me know if that's ok with you or if you decide not to drive and need him to pick you up.  Have a good time.  SRS 
 Chuck,  Thank you for the information.  I have marked the dates on Jeff's calendar, and he plans to be there.  I guess he'll get more information as the date draws closer?  Regards, Sherri 
 Mr. Paul,  Jeff asked me to see if I could find out when the Homecoming is taking place.  He'd like to be there if the dates work with his schedule.  Thank you, Sherri Sera Assistant toJeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) 
 Mr. Buttrey,  I'm writing on behalf of Jeff Skilling in response to your note below.  Jeff would be delighted to join you for lunch on your visit to Houston.  In looking at this schedule, he is currently available for lunch on the following dates:  May 16, 19 May 24, 25  Please let us know which, if any, of these dates work best for you.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) 
 Dear Richard,  I am delighted that you will be joining us in Capri in September.  I am confident that you will enjoy the discussions, and I certainly look forward to hearing your perspectives.  Within the next few weeks, you will receive the formal invitation along with more detailed information regarding the agenda, attendees and accommodations.  Should you have any questions or need additional information in the meantime, please do not hesitate to call me or my assistant, Sherri Sera, at 713.853.5984.  Regards, Jeff Skilling 
 We are in urgent need of approximately 35 interviewers for this weekend's Super Saturday recruiting, to which 105 analyst and associate candidates have been invited.  You all realize the importance of these efforts, and I would appreciate you encouraging members of your organization to participate this weekend.  Details are as follows:  Date:  Saturday, December 9 Time:  7:45 a.m. Breakfast 8:30 a.m. Interviews begin 1:30 p.m. Decision meeting (no longer than 2 hours) Contact: Shelly Jones, x30943  Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter.  Jeff 
 Thanks for the update, Jay.  If this guy doesn't have time to talk to you, he just not want to do business with Enron too badly!  I wouldn't waste a whole lot of time on this.  Happy Easter...SRS 
 Dear Hilda,  Jeff has asked me to forward Sophia's resume to Celeste Roberts, director of the associate and analyst program, and to Beth Tilney, who oversees recruiting for marketing and communication graduates.  They will review her resume and determine if there is a match between Enron's needs and Sophia's background and skillset.  Thank you, Hilda, for forwarding Sophia's resume.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) 
 That's the one.  Have fun!  SRS 
 Hi, Kristin,  Your Dad asked me to let you know that he got your message.  He would like to meet you at Maggiones (the place you two met for lunch the first time).  I'm making a reservation for you guys in his name at 1:00 p.m.  Would you please reply to this e-mail so I know you got it?  Thanks, Kristin, and have a nice lunch.  Sherri 
 Hi, Mark.  Hope you enjoyed Italy - I was in Capri and Positano a couple of weeks ago and loved it!  Jeff asked me to write you to see if the plan he is hatching will work for you...  He and Jeffrey will fly into Istanbul, arriving on June 24 (he asked me to see if you knew the name of the hotel on the Bosporus - sp?)  They would stay there until about the 28th or so, then the three of you would head to Nairobi and stay at a few places.  Jeff mentioned Mt. Kenya Safari Club and another place I can't even begin to spell or pronounce, but I'll figure that out later...  You will need to be in Kilimanjaro for the safari on July 4.  The rough sketch of the safari is as follows:  7/4 Arrive Kilimanjaro; overnight (O/N) at the Polo Club 7/5 Charter flight to Ngorongoro (fly over Mt. Kilimanjaro); O/N at Ngorongoro Crater Lodge 7/6 Ngorongoro Crater tour; O/N at Crater Lodge 7/7 Drive to Monduli GCA; O/N Monduli TGTS camp 7/8 Hiking in Monduli; O/N Monduli TGTS camp 7/9 Flight to Kirawira, western Serengeti; O/N Kirawira tented camp 7/10 Western Serengeti; O/N Kirawira tented camp 7/11 Flight to Rubondo Island; O/N Rubondo Island camp 7/12 Nile Perch fishing at Lake Victoria; O/N Rubondo Island camp 7/13 Nile Perch fishing at Lake Victoria; O/N Rubondo Island camp 7/14 Charter flight to Arusha; depart later that evening for the States/Turkey  Hope it sounds good to you.  Please let me know and I'll begin making flight arrangements, etc...I'm also collecting all the information with regard to required Visas and innoculations (there is a long list!); I'll pass that on when I receive it.  I'm heading to Las Vegas tomorrow for a long weekend, so will be in touch again early next week.  Take care, SRS 
 Metin,  Great to hear from you.  Believe it or not, my brother lives in Istanbul and my son Jeffrey and I are going to visit him this summer - somewhere in the June 23 to June 28 timeframe.  I'd love to see you if it's possible.  I'll let you know when my plans are firm.  Jeff 
 Ugh! :-) Just kidding...I figured it would be pretty early.  Count me in...SRS 
 I shall be there.  Just let me know what time you want me to show up...SRS 
 Ann, I haven't heard from you with regard to whether you want me to work the table at this program.  Please let me know...thanks, SRS 
 Dear Mr. Paul,  I'm writing on behalf of Jeff Skilling, who asked me to let you know that he will send you a check in the amount of $200.  While Jeff would probably be to modest to tell you himself, I thought you might be interested to know that he has been named the National MS Society's 2000 Man of the Year, and will be honored at a dinner on September 30.  He has been a big supporter of the MS Society, primarily through his riding the MS150 from Houston to Austin since 1997.  This year's ride is April 15-16, and he has been busy collecting pledges - $20,000 so far, which will be matched by the Enron dollar-for-dollar.  Enron Corp. has the largest MS150 team in the nation in terms of dollars raised, and this year our goal is $350,000.  It appears that our 378-person team has already blown through that goal and is well on its way to raising $400,000.  As MS has touched my family, I am very proud to be associated with a man and a company who so actively support research to find a cure.  I'm sure Jeff will write a personal note when he returns to town and sends his check.  In the meantime, good luck with your fund raising, and have a nice weekend.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling, President & COO Enron Corp. 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) 
 Simon, I was unable to open the attached document for Jeff Skilling.  Could= you please resend.  Thanks, Joannie 
 Stephanie, I don't have all of Jeff's pledges collected yet!  Do you want what I have (about 65%) or shall I wait until all have been collected?  I'll send out another e-mail today to the slackers ;-)  Let me know.  SRS 
 Mark, I sent this home to Jeff last week, and perhaps you retrieved it from his e-mail at the house.  In any event, I'm cleaning out our e-mail files and thought I'd pass it on to you.  SRS 
 PLEASE  PLAN  TO  ATTEND  "NEW  BUSINESS  CREATION"  Wednesday, August 8th 11:30-1:30 Board Room EB50  Presented by Harvard Business School Professor David A. Garvin*  Professor Garvin is making this presentation as part of a five-year research partnership between HBS and Enron entitled 'Modern Giants'.  The presentation was recently delivered at the Morgan Stanley European Strategy Seminar, which included over 50 leading European CEOs. It was also presented in May at HBS as an advanced management seminar. Parts of the presentation use Enron as an example.   Rsvp by Aug 6th							*Resume attached Christie Patrick: 3-6117   Feel free to bring your lunch; drinks will be provided 
 The actual date is Wednesday, August 8. 
 Gil,  Jeff asked me to let you know that he really appreciates this opportunity, but his time in the office is at such a premium right now due to his heavy travel schedule, it would be difficult at best to work them in.  He has turned down several invitations to join boards because he just can't commit the time.  So, while he is flattered by their interest, if and when Mr. Quackenbush calls we will decline.  It was nice talking to you.  Glad to hear all is well.  Yours faithfully, Sherri ;-) 
  PLEASE  PLAN  TO  ATTEND  "NEW  BUSINESS  CREATION"  Tuesday, August 8th 11:30-1:30 Board Room EB50  Presented by Harvard Business School Professor David A. Garvin*  Professor Garvin is making this presentation as part of a five-year research partnership between HBS and Enron entitled 'Modern Giants'.  The presentation was recently delivered at the Morgan Stanley European Strategy Seminar, which included over 50 leading European CEOs. It was also presented in May at HBS as an advanced management seminar. Parts of the presentation use Enron as an example.   Rsvp by Aug 6th							*Resume attached Christie Patrick: 3-6117   Feel free to bring your lunch; drinks will be provided 
 Fernando,  I did receive your e-mails and wanted to assure you that your concerns are being dealt with.  Thank you, Jeff 
 Erica, the phone call on Tuesday, May 15, at 10:00 a.m. (CDT) between Messrs. Murdock and Skilling is confirmed.  Thank you for your patience while we worked this out on our end.  We'll await Mr. Murdock's call.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Thank you, Erica.  I'm waiting to Jeff to return from a meeting (within an hour or so).  He is currently scheduled to be in Europe the week of September 24, so at this time, he is not available for a September 25 dinner.  I'll advise as soon as I have a chance to speak to him.  Thanks again for your help.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Erica, thanks for the note.  Joannie has left the office for the day, but will return tomorrow morning.  In the meantime, I'll run this by Jeff to see if he thinks it makes sense.  Do you have any dates for future dinners in mind?  The vast majority of Jeff's time is committed through February 2002, so knowing what the dates/timeframes are would be most helpful in the event we need to try to free up some time.  Thank you.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Erica,  Due to the fact that Jeff is unable to attend on July 19, I believe it would be better to reschedule the call for sometime next quarter.  Thanks, Joannie 713-345-7774 
 Erica, Jeff is currently scheduled to be on vacation July 19.  Would it be possible to schedule during the next quarter?  Thanks, Joannie 
  10 North Briarwood Court Houston, Texas  77019  713-621-8620  Thank you, Joannie Williamson 
 Jeff Skilling is unable to attend.  Thank you, Joannie Williamson 
 Shyam, Cindy Olson would be an appropriate person for you to contact within Enron.  You can reach her at 713-853-7418.  Thank you, Joannie Williamson 713-345-7774 
 Mr. Skilling will be travelling and unable to attend on May 24.  Thanks, Joannie Williamson 713-345-7774 
 Jeff has a meeting right after the building tour, so unfortunately he won't be able to attend.  Thanks, Joannie 
 Jeff,  Unfortunately, Jeff doesn't have any information on Rick Barsky.  Would you like for me to try and get information from anyone else?  Thanks, Joannie joannie.williamson@enron.com 
 Karen, heres the version of the PRC memo you should use.  Please call if you have any questions.  SRS 
 Jay,  I've always taken a pretty laid back approach to the noncompete when there is little overlap.  Having said that, however, I'd like to keep a "last veto" right - just give me a call when you've got something.  Good luck to you in the future, Jay.  You'll be missed at Enron.  Best regards, Jeff 
 Thank you for the invitation to Utilities 2001.  Due to a prior commitment, Mr. Skilling is unable to attend.  Regards, Sherri Sera 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Bill and Jeff will have their own hardhats.  Thanks, Joannie 
 Christie, please tell me you don't have Jeff down for this function.  He will be returning to Houston Monday afternoon.  Thanks, Joannie 
 Good morning Stan.  I am holding 11:00 - Noon on Wednesday for the building tour.  I think it would be okay to meet Jeff and Bill Donovan in the lobby.  Unfortunately Jeff will be leaving to go out of town right after lunch, so I don't think that the tour of the Hobby Performing Arts Center will work for Wednesday.  Thanks and have a great weekend.  Joannie 
 The Stanford Business School, in collaboration with the management-consulting firm McKinsey & Company, is conducting a large study of global corporations, their management practices, and organization.  Enron is participating in the project in order to learn how our own practices and activities compare to those of other leading global firms and to see which bring true benefits in the global marketplace.  One of the unique features of the project is that it seeks to assess the knowledge and communication networks within a company by asking employees throughout the company to comment on their actual practices and experience.  The goal is to obtain real and accurate information by surveying the people most directly involved in the company's operations.  I would like to ask you to help us in getting the most out of our participation in the GLOBE Initiative by completing the GLOBE Network Survey.  The survey is brief and should take no longer than 15 or 20 minutes.  Your responses will be treated as strictly confidential, and will be used solely by the Stanford/McKinsey researchers to evaluate how specific practices and structures impact global communication and knowledge flows.  If you would like individual feedback on how your own networks compare to those of others in the study, please check the appropriate box at the end of the survey.  Please save this email for future reference and, again, thank you for contributing to this important learning opportunity.  To complete the GLOBE Network Survey, please click on the link below and simply follow the survey instructions.  You will need to enter the Enron Company Code, which is:  C673EV  To begin the survey, click on the link below: http://63.211.208.100/GLOBENetwork/survey.asp  You may also copy this link and paste it into your favorite browser.  Thank you. 
 Thank you for your e-mail.  Mr. Skilling is traveling for the remainder of this week, but will be back in the office on Monday.  Thank you, Joannie Williamson 713-345-7774 
 Jeff has agreed to participate.  Thanks, Joannie 
 Dave, please disregard my previous e-mail about the date and location in June, unless June 4-7 in Park City, UT, is not it.  As Jeff has to be in Wyoming on the evening of the 7th, it is possible that he speak in Park City that morning and then go on to Wyoming for the dinner he's attending there.  I'll be back in touch once Jeff has seen this e-mail and responded with his interest...SRS 
 Dave, do you have a date and location in June?  The month is filling up quickly, but if they can be flexible, we can probably work it out if Jeff is interested.  Please advise.  Thanks, SRS 
 Thank you for the invitation.  Unfortunately, Jeff Skilling is unable to attend.  Joannie Williamson 713-345-7774 
 Confirming 1:00 p.m. meeting on June 12 at the Venetian Resort in Las Vegas.  Thanks, Joannie Williamson 713-345-7774 
 Jeff Skilling is unable to attend.  Thank you, Joannie Williamson 713-345-7774 
 Kevin, just wanted to let you know that a sedan through Beal's has been reserved and will pick you up at 7:15a at the Four Seasons.  I've asked that the sedan stand by and take you as directed when you are ready to leave the North Shepherd facility.  Regards, SRS 
 Thank you!  SRS 
 Kevin, I'll have a sedan from Beal's (713.731.9233) pick you up at the Four Seasons and bring you to the facility.  Once you get inside, there will be a check-in table - the ladies manning that table can direct you to Jeff.  Would you like me to have the sedan stand by to tke you to the airport or another destination following the panel (which will end between 9:30 and 9:45)?  Please advise.  Thanks, SRS 
 Please let me know if you have any questions.  I will send an e-mail with the in-room fax number tomorrow.  Thanks, Joannie 
 Kevin, I got your message about not being available for dinner -  no problem.  The other panelists were arriving too late also, so the dinner was cancelled.  I just wanted to touch base and make sure you had everything thing you need for tomorrow morning.  I'm attaching a map to the North Shepherd facility; it's about 10 minutes outside of downtown.  I would be happy to make arrangements for a sedan to pick you up if you like; just let me know from where.  The event begins with a buffet breakfast at 7:30 a.m. and your panel will begin at 8:45 a.m.  Jeff would like to meet with you, David Arnoff  and John Thornton around 8:15 a.m. to cover any last minute items about the panel.  I'll be at the North Shepherd facility beginning about 2:00 p.m. CDT today, so you can reach me on my cell phone (713.854.1426).  Do not hesitate to call me should you have any questions or need additional information as I will not have access to e-mail after 2:00 p.m.  Regards, SRS 
 Ok, I'll tell you what I've told everyone else - the pledges Jeff has received range from $20 to $6000.  So, pledge with your heart, keeping your pocketbook in mind!  By the way, Jeff finished the ride in just over 14 hours!  SRS 
 Thank you, Rod!  SRS 
 Thanks for the message, Tom.  I have visited the Ivory Coast, Togo and Nigeria once;  Tanzania twice; and Kenya and So. Africa three times.  I really love the place and look forward to spending lots more time there.  Thanks, too, for sharing the photos.  Jeff 
 Sam, Jeff said he would be happy to talk with you.  Just look for him in LaGrange late Saturday afternoon.  Good luck on the ride!  SRS 
 How much to you have?!  SRS 
 $50,000 is pre-match, so I guess the ultimate goal is $100,000 (Like the poor guy doesn't have enough pressure!).  Mark, this is very generous of you.  Good luck with your ride and I'll see you in LaGrange!  SRS 
 Thanks for the pledge, Loretta!  This was most definitely not directed at you - I just wanted each of the assistants to know that I had solicited their executive...again...so I bcc'd the assistants.  Thanks for the very quick turnaround.  SRS 
 I know how incredibly busy you all are, so I'm sure that making a pledge to Jeff for the MS150 has simply slipped your mind.  Well the ride is this weekend, time is running out and we need you!  Enron's goal is to raise $700,000, and Jeff's personal goal is to raise $50,000.  As of today, we are a little better than half way there.  Won't you consider helping him reach his goal?  Thanks for your consideration.  I look forward to hearing from you tomorrow...  Sherri :-) 
 Stan, Jeff will be travelling the biggest portion of May.  Would you let us know the next time Ali is in the US and I will try to work something out for them to meet.  Thanks, Joannie 
 test 
 Gentlemen,  Messrs. Micheal Holthouse and Matt Khourie (Jeff's co-hosts of the April 24 YPO event) invite you to join them at dinner on Monday evening, April 23.  Reservations have been made in Matt Khourie's name at Capital Grille, located at 5365 Westheimer Road (in the Galleria area), at 7:00 p.m.  Should you need transportation to the restaurant, I will be happy to make those arrangements for you.  Please send me a note confirming your attendance at this dinner.  I look forward to hearing from you.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Greetings, Tom.  I have a great picture of you, Jeff and Jeffrey at the Inauguration that Jeff asked me to send to you.  Unfortunately, I don't have a mailing address for you.  If you would please e-mail me your address, I'll get the picture right out to you.  Thanks, and hope all is well!  SRS 
 Stephane, I'll be sending to you today checks totaling $22,063.73, which represents 53% of the $41,386.23 total pledges.  I'll be contacting people today to collect outstanding pledges and will send a "care package" to you daily with what I collect.  SRS 
 Dear Mr. Morgan,  On behalf of Jeff Skilling, thank you very much for the invitation to speak to the San Diego Chapter of YPO.  Jeff was very flattered and somewhat intrigued by your offer.  However, given the current demands on his time, he must respectfully decline your invitation.  Please let me know if you have any interest in another senior-level representative of Enron speaking to your group, and I'll be happy to do what I can to facilitate that for you.  Again, Mr. Morgan, thank you and the San Diego Chapter of YPO for the the opportunity.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Mark, I have a letter here that Jeff would like to mail to you (we still haven't gotten him to use e-mail yet!); however, I don't have an address for you.  Please let me know if you have a mailing address in Istanbul, and I'll get this in the mail right away.  Thank you, Sherri 
 I found this.  Please disregard previous note. Katherine 
 George, I have a baseball ticket for you and would like to make arrangements to have it couriered to you.  Please let me know where I can send the ticket.  Thanks very much.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 George, may I please have the zip code for the address below?  I'll send the tickets by courier as soon as I get that.  A phone number would be helpful, also.  I'm glad you mentioned that Paco is planning to attend as I had not heard from him.  I'll courier over 2 tickets.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 John, you should have received a copy of the e-mail you sent to Jeff, which I in turn forwarded to Greg Whalley.  To bring you up to speed - Greg Whalley is the Chairman & CEO of Enron Net Works - EnronOnline and all IT resides in this business unit (in some of the e-mails in the string you sent me, Jay Fitzgerald and Jenny Rub were mentioned - they both report to Greg).  If you don't hear from him within a reasonable amount of time, please let me know.  Hope all is well...  Regards, Sherri 
 Hi, Kristin.  Your Dad asked me to get in touch with you to see about setting up some lunches for the two of you.  He's traveling quite a bit again in October, but I'll give you the dates he's available and you tell me which of those days you can do it:  Friday, October 13 Monday, October 16 Thursday, October 19 Thursday, October 26 Wednesday, November 1 Monday, November 6 Friday, November 10 Monday, November 13 Tuesday, November 14.  I'll hold all of these dates for you until I hear back from you.  Would you be able to go at 12:00 noon?  SRS 
 Kristin, I have it on the calendar for Friday, October 13.  I also left Friday, November 10 on the calendar, too.  I'll check with him about meeting you vs. picking you up and let you know what he says.  Hope your having a good day - see you Saturday night.  SRS 
 George, I didn't hear back from you, but I think I found the correct zip code - hopefully it's 77036.  I'm sending yours and Paco's tickets via courier, so you should received them by +/- 2:00p today.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Jeff (Rocky) Skilling is not able to attend the football game, but he appreciates you offering to get him a ticket.  He will, however, be at Elvis' party Friday night.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Dear David,  Jeff will see your e-mail later today and will respond to your first question as soon as possible.  In the meantime, I'm attaching Jeff's current bio in response to your second question.    Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Good morning, Kristin.  Your Dad would like to meet you today at Maggiano's (located at 2019 S. Post Oak Blvd., 713.961.2700).  I'll make a reservation for 12:00 noon - he'll be there then, and I know you'll probably be a few minutes later than that.  Let me know if you want another plan.  SRS 
 Hi, Kristin.  I guess we got our wires crossed last Friday about lunch. Sorry about that.  He told me that you guys have rescheduled for tomorrow (Tuesday) at 12:30 p.m. and that you will meet him there.  I'll make a reservation at Carrabas on Kirby in your Dad's name at that time.  Please let me know if you have a conflict.  Thanks, SRS  PS - I also have you down for lunch with your Dad on Friday, 