r questions.  Thanks, Theresa 
 Ladies, Here's the revised September purchase.  Thank you Cheryl for bringing this to my attention!  Sorry about the mix-up.  Thanks, Theresa 
 Mom, That's sounds fine to me.  Would they go horse back riding that day or a different day?  Where they live will there be things for the kids to do?  It sounds like they have a lot of kids around so there should be things for them to do.  I talked to Jan this morning about a bigger cabin and the 10 person one is the biggest one.  She called and reserved another 4 person one for $100.  I'm gonna call Tim and let him know that he and Dawn can have that one.  I'll call you at work too  because I'm never sure if you get these e-mails from me.  Theresa 
 Carole, We have a conference call at 11:10 your time (ten minutes).  As soon as we are done - we'll give you a call.  Thanks, Theresa 
 I'm not sure if they are issuing any wires at this time.  I will try and find out. 
 Gloria, Amy Felling here is working on current month and I'll continue on prior month variances.  We'll let you know the status of current month by tomorrow afternoon.  Thanks, Theresa 
 I'm glad.  I'm very sorry about that mix up.  Thank goodness we only have one more month of this deal and it expires.  We did not re-new it.  Talk to you later, Theresa 
 Valerie, The prices look fine in Sitara.  I cannot figure out where these prices are coming from.  Do you know who we could contact regarding the input of these prices into Sitara?  (IF CIG and CIG GD)  Theresa 
   Please call me if you have any questions.  Thanks, Theresa (303) 575-6485 
 Crestone should not be charging us for UA/4 (Unaccounted for). Our IT-002 contract is "all inclusive" which means no fuel or UA/4.  Walt and Scott will be fixing our statement and our # in the system is correct.  We will forward it to you as soon as we get it.  Theresa 
 Gloria and Megan, here is the Crestone Gathering Service and Fuel Sale for September 2001.  (Megan - Do you finalize the Fuel Sale to Crestone?  (I'm having a brain freeze today and I can't remember).)  Call me if you have any questions.  Theresa 
 Hi Carole, The Kennedy deal is effective December 1, 2001.  Paul Lucci said we're gonna need to all get together before we enter the deals.  He did not say when that would be.  I would assume this week sometime.  Thanks. Theresa 
 Here it is again in case you didn't receive it.  Call me if you have any questions.  Thanks, Theresa (303) 575-6485 
 CIG Contacts for Enron:  Jackie Adams 713-853-3918 e-mail:  jacquelinep.adams@enron.com   Shelly Mendel: 713-853-1964 e-mail:  shelly.mendel@enron.com   Susan Scott 713-853-1455 e-mail:  sscott5@enron.com  Let me know if you need further information.  Theresa Staab (303) 575-6485 
 Megan, I'm not sure why this is showing up.....I think it must have something to do with the name change from Enron Midstream to Crestone....  Let me pull out my Oct 00 file and see what invoice # we finalized then because I'm pretty sure they paid us.  I'll try and get to this later today.  Thanks, Theresa 
 I believe they are waiting until they get paid from us before they pay us.  Do you know if they will get paid from us? 
 Genaro, We have fixed the pricing in our system.  Please re-draft and let me know if there are further discrepancies.  Thanks, Theresa (303) 575-6485 
 Valerie, I just wanted to let you know Logistics is working on actualizing a few days in September to correct the volumes allocated to each specific Greeley deal.  Jackie Adams is trying to get this done today.  The numbers in my spreadsheet by deal (bucket) are correct and we are waiting for the corrections in the system.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Theresa 
 Megan, We only bought this on KN for the 30th.  I think it should be fixed now.  Let me know if it doesn't go away.  Thanks for keeping your eyes out there on our stuff!.  Theresa 
 ENA bids CIG Gas Daily +.03 for fuel in November.  Theresa 
 The price for the sale back to you for fuel in September is 1.2497 (Avg. Gas Daily purchases) 
 Ruth, We made it back safely (about 1:00).  Thank you again for the evening...we had a great time!  It was great to finally meet you.  I guess the next time I'll see you is for Superbowl.  Talk to you soon, Theresa 
 Valerie, I should have Greeley on Monday for August.  Robert Poole at Greeley is still reviewing all prior months to see where we have differences and what is causing it.  I'll talk to you on Monday.  Theresa 
 I would like to be on the list if possible.  At least then one person in Denver would be able to get in.  Thanks, Theresa 
 Bob, I'll take Denver to Win. 
 Here's your Gas Daily pricing.  We'll see you tomorrow!  (Wish me luck driving for so long with Lucci)  Theresa 
 I think Citation should be good now.  Try and re-draft and let me know.  I'm working on your other emails next.  I'll take them one at a time.  Amy will no longer be here so I will be the only one working on this.  Talk to you soon. 
 I liked your flag.  I forwarded to a bunch of people and we all have it on our computers here.  That calendar was enough to put me on a diet.  Yuck.  You'll have to forward that home for dad to see. 
 Lisa - For Gas Day 10 please send 4,000 into Northern Gas to GID #32.  The difference of 17850 will flow into Lost Creek.  If you have any questions, Please call me,  Thanks, Theresa Staab (303) 575-6485 
 Darla, I didn't print my message to you and it's not in my sent box - would you mind forwarding back a copy of my message to you?  Thanks, Theresa 
 I received my calling card and will stop using the AT&T Card.  Thanks, Theresa Staab (303) 575-6485 
 Ladies,  I am finished with July 01 and everything ties.  Can you tell me who would handle the Enserco and Millenium sales?  Laurie I know you do the Retex sale.  Our numbers are correct in the system now.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Theresa (303) 575-6485 
 Lisa, For Gas Day 9 please deliver 3,000 MMBtu into Northern Gas to GID #32.  This would make the deliveries to Lost Creek 17,000 on original purchase and 1850 additional.  Please call me if you have any questions.  Thanks, Theresa (303) 575-6485 
 Robert, I'm working on this right now.  What do you show as the storage schedule?  I have 2 different ones.  I know you changed it.  I just want to make sure we're both on the same schedule.  I'll just make sure my volumes on storage match with the schedule and then I can send them all to you. Thanks,  Theresa 
 Ruth,  The market drove us back for the weekend.  Have a good weekend.  Theresa 
 Thanks Laurie. We have this on our "To Do" list but we just haven't gotten to it yet.  I will add this to the folder and let you know when we get into it.  Theresa 
 Chris, I left you a voice mail also, but I wanted to let you know I do know about these transactions.  Please give me a call. Thanks Theresa (303) 575-6485 
 Try this one now and let me know. Thanks. 
 Hello All,  The final payment of 1,937200 is in Sitara on Ticket #1087272.  I understand we will draft this for September and Jim Pond will re-classify since we've already manually paid.  Let me know if you see any problems with this.  Thanks. Theresa (303) 575-6485 
 I'll give him 10.00.  Thanks.  (You could have had a free lunch on us).  Theresa  I hope he liked it. 
 I haven't seen it yet.  I know he's working on it.  As soon as I get it - I'll forward it to you.  Theresa 
 The team mate says were not interested at this point.  But thank you for the offer. 
 I didn't mean to get you so bent out of shape.  I'll bug Holloway and let you know what he says.  I do have to wait until Nicole calls me back to see who she wants to trade for.  If she calls me yet today, I'll let you know. 
 Okay mister....Team Chick hasn't been in the SuperBowl every year for no reason.  We have always stuck with our original team unless there were injuries so this trading thing is something we have to be sure about.  I think we're in a pretty good position so far this year so don't rush us.  We'll let you know in the morning if we are interested or not.  And by the way - where's our $60????? 
 Let me consult my partner and get back with you in the morning. 
 What's your idea? 
 FYI  Lisa Finley just called me to let me know that Devon Operators need to take Beaver Creek down tomorrow for 8 hours.  They apologize for the short notice, but said if they don't fix the cooler now it will bring the whole system down soon.  We will be short by about 6,500 on the 005 contract for Gas Day 4 and I guess we'll have to work at paying it back.   That's all I have to say .....about that.  Theresa 
 Kelly, I'm gonna be early this week.(for once)  I'll take Dallas as my loser this week.  Talk to you later. Theresa 
 Can you try this again? Thanks. 
 Bob, I'll take Oakland as my winner this week.  I gave Lucci my $20.  Theresa Staab 
 Ruth, I'll send this spreadsheet as I update it.  Talk to you soon. (I'm set up to come next Thursday with the boys).  Theresa 
 Bob, I'll pick San Diego as my winner. Where do I send a check to ? and what address?  Theresa Staab 
  Valerie,  FYI - from Robert Poole at Greeley Gas.  Robert: Maybe we can get together later this week to see if we can figure out the difference for August.  Let me know.  Thanks, Theresa 
 Try it again and let me know. 
 Valerie, Are you still having trouble with this?  I may need you to fax it to me so I can see it.  Call me because I think I'll have to use a different fax number and I'll need to get that for you. 
