st a result of underscheduling.  Jim 
 FYI. 
 Fair points.  My dogma machine is running at high today.  Don't disagree with your thoughts.  Let's get the answer that works for the business for the long-term.  Jim 
  Not too sure how important, but wanted everyone to see the discussion from Jamie Wimberley at CAEM.  Jim 
 Diann --  I agree with Bob.  Please let us know as soon as possible if SCE is willing to discuss this fairly.  Jeanne --  I guess that we would update our Complaint if need be?  Thanks,  Jim 
 Steve --  We did originally file that the replacement for the PX Credit should be the DJ Index.  My recollection is that we did withdraw this argument, however I've include Sue Mara on this to double check.  If we haven't, I'd guess that is no longer URM's position?  Jim 
 FYI.  Probably too early for you guys.  Jim 
 Not that I know?  Jim 
 David --  My thoughts.  I would change the section "Reliability" to "Operations".  The Current framework is Non-standardized;  Poor Seams Interface  Under Access to Transmission I would change it to say that "Not all Users on the System take service in a non-discriminatory manner."  Utilities can't discriminate versus like users.  Under Generation - I would change "optional" to Optimal.  I don't also understand the 99%.  Easier to say 100%*   * - Public Power recipricoity issues.  Thanks,  Jim 
 thanks. 
 Ok.  Thanks.  I hope that Lora can send a copy.  Jim 
 Yes.  Peter is the one who I spoke with.  My testimony went fine.  Me too.  Jim 
 Steve --  Got a note from EES that there was a Energy Summit in MA to discuss next steps of restructuring today.  The meeting is today.  Are you going?  Did anyone go?  Thanks 
 Thanks for the info.  While there may be some differences in presentation, there don't appear to be any basic differences in the analysis.  All of the discussions of the legislation need to be aware that the passage is highly uncertain.  I agree with the analysis that if you have never been DA and sign up today there is a very large possibility that you will pay a surcharge (assuming the legislation passes).  Let me know if there is anything else.  Jim 
 Jamie --  Thanks for the external view on legislation.  I agree that most of the bills don't "get it right" - the hope is that the FERC can do that without too much legislative guidance (which of course would be wrong).  Not sure that setting up a new federalism on this will ever work - not enough $$ to states to get them to overcome the political power of the utilities.  Jim 
 thanks. 
 Thanks Janine.  Also, please keep Paul Kaufman and Jean Ryall in the loop. = We need to make sure that we do this nationally. =20  Thanks.  Jim 
  FYI 
 This is especially problematic given that EES and ENA can not comply with the reqts as defined.  Jim 
 Agree.  In fact this was John Anderson's only problem.  My position would be to simplify Bingaman's language to not define any organization.  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 Janine --  I want to make sure that our comments allow both a retail option and a wholesale option.  Let's also focus the PUCO on the fact that bidding leading to negotiations is the best solution, allows for creativity.  Jim 
 Please coordinate on this.  Jim 
 Here is my testimony.  I have one attachment that is being sent via fax.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Attached is the testimony that I filed today asking thh PUC of Texas to open the retail markets in the SPP territory.  Thanks,  Jim 
 thanks. 
 The best outcome is that there is an obligation to dispose of load through this but the mechanism is negotiated.  Jim 
 I read the same.  It was crazy.  Their solution is to tell us to do what we said didn't make sense.  We won't give the FERC made up information.  Jim 
 Thanks for the draft.  Will circulate internally and respond.  Jim 
 Here is PJM's attempt at NERC language.  I think it makes sense for us to support this.  Jim 
 My understanding is that we are going to work Ark.  Jim 
 Mary Lynne -  Do you need anything on this?  Jim 
 How about Wednesday Oct 17 next week at 9am?  Jim 
 Thanks.  No major issues.  Jim 
 Thanks but my group has an all day budget meeting.  Maybe some other time.  Jim 
 Yes.  Her name is Linda Noske. 
 Susan --  When we get to a point to make comments, please let me know.  Jim 
 What does this mean??  Jim 
  Harry & Christi --  We need to be coordinating on this.  You both met with these people at different times.  I don't want to be creating work or stepping on each other.  I don't think there is any problem, but let's sit down and coordinate.  Thanks,  Jim 
  Alan Comnes --  Please let me know what we're doing on this?  You are the Project Lead.  Go get 'em.  Jim 
 Sarah --  You're call on working with EPSA.  Get everything you can.  I don't understand how "new services" is moving fast enough.  Jim 
 Sorry.  I'll be in Austin testifying.  Jim 
 good luck 
 Guillermo -  Before you send any letters, please make sure that Steve Montovano is the in loop.  He manages that region.  Jim 
 Change the language on Operations to include ...Coordination of Service and Planning for Transmission ...  Thanks,  Jim 
 No.  Although the lack of a concrete decision is a "decision" - just not one we like.  Our goal is to get this dealt with by end of November.  Jim 
 Christi --  Some interesting language for the ICAP team.  Please forward along.  Jim 
 No.  Just wanted your thoughts.  Thanks. 
 Jeff --  In a budget meeting, will call this afternoon unless something critical.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Sorry that I didn't get to you sooner.  The head of the group is Tim Battaglia who is the best person to work with.  Jim 
 Not really.  I tried to get to talk to her but never could get an opportunity.  Jim 
 Didn't get invited.  Are you going?  I don't plan on sending anything - do you think we should even though we didn't get any invitations?  Jim 
 I'll play the cheap course.  Jim 
 Ray --  Looks very good.  We need to stress the points on what we need FERC to do -- fix their mistakes in the Rehearing.  One other point, maybe we should stress that FERC could open these proceedings and not delay the decision because the Cal ISO is taking so long.  Also, don't be shy about describing how the process is going so slowly and the "abuses" of the Cal ISO and its lack of independence.  Jim 
  Jose & Charles --  Thanks for the update.  I am concerned that "customers" are talking about h= aving NERC deal with commercial matters without first agreeing to FERC's co= ntrol over everything? =20  We should discuss the Goulding Report when you return.  Jim 
 Let me know about how you intend to move forward.  Probably the same team as the CA reporting.  Also, what did AGA do with its Storage Figure Report?  I heard that they cancelled the publication.  Jim 
 Sure. 
 Thanks.  We will discuss in context of State review.  Jim 
 I'd say we want tariff language before any investigation.  I don't typicall= y like investigations.  I like complaints.  My thought is to pre-sell tarif= f changes to FERC with a broad coalition and then get the Ohio PUC to ask F= ERC the question.  Jim 
 FYI.  Call Jeff if you have more questions.  Jim 
 Does this make sense?  Jim 
 I'll go to the Houston meeting.  Jim 
 Should this go into Janine's efforts on Markets?  Jim 
 Thanks.  I want to talk about this on the "Consultants" call with Linda Robertson.  Should we push this argument or leave the FERC with its infirmities?  I believe that we can work away at many of our concerns in the "should refunds be reqd" phase.  Jim 
 Jeff --  Look at the letter.  I see no issues.  Call me with your thoughts.  Jim 
 Thanks for the information.  At this time, I don't think that I am interest= ed in any reports.  Jim 
  Please put in swepco file for thurs.  Thx, 
 Pls put in SWEPCO file.  Jim 
 Linda --  Pls include in the file.  Jim 
 Jean --  You may want to call Jeff and find out where he is going with this talk?  We still need to meet with a detailed plan on Texas.  Maybe next week or soon thereafter.  Jim 
 Pls put in my SWEPCO folder. 
 FYI 
 I think that this is a good step but we need to remember that NERC in the commercial sector may not prove to be the end all.  Also, while RTOs may enforce the standards or set the standards, not sure if we want one organization doing both.  Jim 
 Any time you want to you should feel free.  Jim 
 Did we decide not to join with anyone else?  Jim 
 HERE IS THE REPORT.  Jim 
 Great idea.  My key points would be that (a) FERC needs to push ahead with its "right sized" RTOs and (b) focus on standardizing the tariff and market design [no more collaborative efforts].  Two simple, easy to understand thoughts.  Also, I think that it's a mistake to use the term "large RTOs".  We don't want large RTOs.  We want RTOs that cover natural markets and benefit consumers.  Jim 
 Looks good.  Is there a timeline on when FERC may act (or at least when the Audit) will be final?  Is this information confidential?  Should we be working the trade press?  Thanks,  Jim 
 If FERC agrees, does this hurt our retail business and the implementation of our retail gen product next year?  Jim 
 John --  To your point #3Burr --  Probably want to bring in Steve Montovano on the NC PUC question -- we have worked with a local lawyer in the past (I think her name is Allison Duncan) that could help with this question and demonstrate that having an RTO does NOT make a state deal with retail competition any sooner than it wants to deal with the question.  Steve Montovano could probably be of assistance here.  Maybe bring in Allison to DC to deal directly with the staff?  Jim 
 Steve --  What's up with GA PSA Wise wanting to open marketers books?  Saw this in Gas Daily today.  Any info is helpful.  Jim 
 There are some Commodity meetings.  One with Jim Wood and one with Greg Sharp.  Harry, can you please call and get on these meeting schedules?  Also, Guillermo Canovas and Melinda Pharms are going to the EES gas meeting weekly.  Jim 
 Damon --  Good idea.  I'm out early next week. How about next Thursday?  Jim 
 Seems reasonable to me that we tell NERC they can't "make a land grab".  How about EPSA and ELCON signing a letter together to the Chairman of NERC Board?  Jim 
 Christi --  DQE provides some level of audit capability to ensure that the costs are fair and apppropriate.  PGE may not have a resource specific system lambda but AW may be able to explain how they would implement something like this.  I know AW from some other issues so if things don't go well  let me know.  Also, please keep Alan Comnes in the loop.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 Nancy, etal --  With the discussions at NERC recently to broaden their role, I think that we need to be very coordinated on our EISB message and begin to figure out how we get AGA to work with the Retail Gas and EEI/UBR to work with the Retail Power quadrants.  Let's think about a NARUC message to drive this very quickly (maybe at the next meeting).  Having one body begin to coordinate all of these matters will greatly expand our policy reach.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Are these papers consistent with Enron's positions?  Jim 
 No.  Jim Steffes 
 What do you think??  Jim 
 thanks 
 Jean --  The PUCT voted to delay for SPP markets.  Not sure about Entergy.  Any news?  Can you send out something to the business people?  Jim 
 Your thoughts?  Jim 
  It is critical to win this case.  Sounds to me that Dynegy wants ICAP in the Midwest.  Jim 
 Sounds reasonable.  Would the same be true about the DST case?  If we lose, without the PPO what do we have?  Jim 
 Pls call Steve.  Jim 
 Alan --  What about a simple price cap (ala PJM) of $250/Mwh rather than a gas-index deriviative?  Just a thought, do whatever the desk thinks is right.  Jim 
 sounds good.  pls talk with Bob Frank about his involvement in this group.  Jim 
 The first order of business is getting the cost/benefit analysis done.  Once we have that study, let's go to press.  Jim 
 23.51 
 thanks. 
 While I appreciate the concerns about the diffferences in East and West, we've waited too long for utilities to agree to make RTOs happen.  We can finesse this forever, but we need to give FERC some tools to force the process.  Jim 
 Can we have breakfast Wednesday morning at the Park Hyatt to discuss where we are and necessary next steps?  Given Southern's statements (as well as others), this is the key analysis that would hold up this from moving forward.  Jim 
 Pat --  Are we doing dinner with Keith Tuesday?  Jim 
  My Top 5   1.=09(  )  *Up to the minute restructuring data.  2.=09(  )  Catalog of Enron public documents [policy talking points, handou= ts]  3.=09(  )  Thumbnail analyses by industry experts on various topics  4.=09(  )  *Enron formal documents [filings, comments, testimony]  5.=09   Other - CUSTOMER NEWSLETTER / MONTHLY POLICY POSITION "push" 
 ok.  I'm booked all week but next week I can do it.  Jim 
 Yes.  And I'll need clubs (right handed).  Thanks for doing this,  Jim 
 Any idea when this will be rescheduled?  Jim 
 Tom --  Where do we stand with this?  Jim 
 A few notes.  1.	Be cautious about divestiture.  Remember we own pipes and a electric LDC.  2.	Agree with you that we don't want Utility in merchant role - key issue.  3.	POLR issue involves getting pricing right.  Why don't you put together a note to the CAEM that we can send as our thoughts.  Just the Top 5 issues.  Jim 
 Try to respond end of the week.  I'd like to see your drafts.  Jim 
 This evening and stay until Wed pm.  Jim 
 yes 
 I didn't get the attachment.  If you want my thoughts, please let me know.  Jim 
 Thanks for the update.  It is disappointing that AGA is not opening the pro= cess, although the final EISB Retail Gas standards will need to be vetted b= y an ANSI group so we'll get our comments in one way or the other.  Also, what are we doing to get the different states to adopt these protocol= s across the board?  Seems like pushing NARUC to agree that this is the rig= ht vehicle makes sense. =20  Thanks,  Jim 
 Thanks Luiz.  As a follow-up, I'd like to be on record as saying that the PUCT wasted my time in flying to Austin (when plane travel is not secure, I'd add) and not even listening to my statements.  Why bring us if they had already made the decision?  Also, I don't know who is going to pay for more Market Readiness work in SPP unless AEP agrees to pay our costs.  The customers pay for their activities.  Jim 
 Sounds good.  Please make sure that Jeff Brown in EES is kept in the loop if this gets close to goal line.  Jim 
 Wanda --  Who do I need to call at EPMI West Power to discuss the following -  We are considering proposing a Settlement for SCE.  The language we are considering on the Negative CTC is as follows.  Does this help or hurt?  Do we have "final ISO invoices"?  Please call me.  Jim 
 Lisa --  Let me know what you decide.  Jim 
 Barbara --  What's up with TN?  Did we ever solve the issue with Stokes Bartholomew funding with the commercial team?  Jim 
 Thanks.  Jim 
 Mike --  I'd shorten the letter to one page by simply referencing the State Commission's letter and issues.  Don't we want to also work on pushing a Mediation (or some other solution) right now?  Donna --  Pls check with Linda R. about filing.  It's important but let's make sure our overall FERC strategy is consistent.  Jim 
 Ok.  I may call Keith anyway.  Jim 
 cheers. 
  Sue, Mike, & Jeanne --  Attached is the letter from PG&E regarding our payment "issues".  Discussions this morning have this gameplan - 1.  file at CPUC and Bankruptcy the appropriate paper & $ to hold our issues.  We need to have a call at 12 Houston time to discuss and ensure that the filings are consistent.  If anyone has any problems, please let me know.  Jim 
 Randy --  Last minute, I'm coming to DC today through Wednesday afternoon.  Any chance to grab dinner or a beer?  You're probably swamped, but thought I'd check.  I'm staying at Park Hyatt  (24 and M) - leave a number if it works 202-419-6795.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Leaving for airport - can we talk in am???  Jim 
 Thanks.  If you need any additional support pls let me know.  Also, pls send my best to Thane and his family.  Jim 
 Vicki --  I will be in town on Thursday and available to meet.  Assuming that the meeting won't go for more than 1 - 1.5 hours, I'd be happy to attend.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Yes.  I've called Keith and he says he can also go.  Please call Lora Sullivan 202-466-9142 to arrange a time.  I'm good whenever.  Jim 
 I think that EES would like to send out some regulatory information on a re= gular basis.  Maybe qty instead of monthly.  Nothing formal right now.  Jim 
 Randy --  Dinner is at 7:45 pm at Cashion's Eat Place - 1819 Columbia.  Keith is coming.  Call me on my cell phone at 713-851-2499 with any problems.  Hope to see you there.  Jim 
 FYI. 
 Charles & Jose --  The spinmisters are already at work.  People at FERC thought we had bought into the "new NERC" Enron DOES NOT SUPPORT NERC in working through commercial issues.  We need to develop our opinions of where to go next, but right now you can respond to Dave Nevius that we still don't believe that NERC and its process/organziation is the right vehicle.  We are willing to find a way to do this, but we can't have the same SRO bullshit that they have been saying for 3 years.  Sorry I missed the call.  I'll talk with you guys Friday.  Jim 
 No.  Talk with Pat Keene and/or Leslie Lawner.  We haven't done much on Arizona lately.  Jim 
 Ray --  These are being finalized today for filing tomorrow.  I'll send you final.  Jim 
 Jeff --  I'd leave the number blank for all parties to be discussed between the different parties.  Best way would be to have some Attachments for the amount that the companies can sign after everything else.  Don't want Dan Douglas to know the $$$ before Richard Sanders oks.  Jim 
 Roy --  Do we need to run a more thorough legal analysis to check?  I trust your th= oughts.  I just don't want to be left hanging.  I'd rather spend $2500 now = than have this come back and bite us in the $%*@.  Jim 
 I think when you add the publics into Southern they'll hit 40k.  It may make sense to send this question to Intellibridge.  We have their resource.  Call Margaret Allen in Houston she'll have their number.  Jim 
 thanks. 
 FYI.  Jim 
 Pat --  If you're in on Friday, let's sit down for 15.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Fine by me.  Not sure if I'd make so much of the recent FERC statements - may come true if we don't keep a straightforward message. 
 Agree. 
 Jeff --  How would we calculate EES' "contribution" to SCE undercollection?  Jim 
 How about 1pm Friday afternoon?  You on a plane.  Jim 
 Is there a room inside Enron?  Jim 
 We (Marianna and I) decided that with the new baby on the way - not sure if you knew this - that now wasn't the time to head to DC.  Although with the stock price and company in shambles, maybe it would be a more "conservative" bet.  Hope you're doing well.  Jim 
 Schriver --  No big deal.  Next time I'm in town I'll give you a little more notice.  Hope things are going well at State - for what it's worth, I think it would be a total mistake for America to stop our hunt for Osama during the Muslim religious month...I don't think the grieving families in NYC and around the Pentagon are going to stop their mourning for their loved ones during that timeframe.  Just one opinion out of millions.  Take care,  Jim 
 Luiz -  I would like to schedule a phone call with Nick and the PUCT staff to understand the implication of this...  Maybe he isn't asking for too much, but let's get some clarity before we say anything at FERC.  Can you please set something up with you, Christi, Jean and me for Friday pm and then we'll go outside next week??  Jim 
 Linda --  Pls set up a 30 minute meeting with Melinda tomorrow.  Thanks 
 I know that SCE is taking this position.  They are simple wrong.  Unless and until we get all of our "positive" CTC back from the Utility, why should I even begin to consider their "goofy" arguments.  In addition, SCE is receiving $3.3 B which is a full payment of all Negative CTC.  If their issue is to have a Undercollection charge against all customers, that's a different policy matter.  The CPUC agreed to the idea of Negative CTC and SCE needs to pay.  Also, if we are 5% of load and the Undercollection is $3.3 B, I think that SCE would be looking for $165 MM - our entire claim.  They aren't talking about 5% from our view $150 MM claim.  Jim 
 Thanks.  We're happy but Marianna is extremely sick - all day.  Enron could see $10 easily.  It's very bad!!!!!  Jim 
 David -  You should contact Mike Smith in EES legal.  He is the one to respond to this allegation.  My fax is 713-646-8160.  Jim 
 Agreed.  Need to talk this morning about our exposures.  Jim 
 Bill --  Steve Kean needs to talk with some analysts today about our CA exposures.  Can you send me your most recent information on our wholesale and Negative CTC exposures as soon as possible?  Call me with questions.  Jim 
 Christi's call. 
 Wade --  Attached are some additions.  Looks fine.  Mary Lynne Ruffer has the most recent Negative CTC numbers (my understanding is $405MM for PG&E and $100MM for SCE as of today).  Jim 
 Linda --  Please put on my calendar that I will not travel or go out of town for all of May 2002.  I will be in Houston during this period.  Thanks 
 Craig --  As we discussed yesterday, we would be very interested in a memo outlining a work product that would document the cost/benefit of RTOs.  If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to call me at 713-853-7673.  Thanks.  Jim 
 Sue -  Received your voice mail.  Having AReM only file is ok with me.  Spoke with Lamar Frazier - Jeremy sounds worried.  Let's make sure that the contract question is vetted with internal and external lawyers - agree not to give CPUC any info.  Thanks,  Jim 
 FYI.  You may want to send out to RTO team.  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 Jeremy --  To let you know where we stand on the CPUC's Investigation on DA Suspension.  1.	Sue Mara is leading the effort to respond to the CPUC for Enron.  2.	We knew that the CPUC was at a minimum going to investigate how and/or whether to allow extensions of contracts and the application of other surcharge $$ to DA load given their earlier statements.  The issue on retroactivity is open primarily because they can ask these questions and (I believe) as leverage for other issues.  3.	We are coordinating with the big customers who recently left.  They are marshalling forces to oppose any retroactivity.  This is as much their fight as it is ours.  4.	At this time, Enron will file as a member of AReM.  We intend to oppose the CPUC's request for our contracts and transaction information.  If you want any other info or want to discuss further, let me know.  Jim 
  Vince --  I see that you are on the panel on market monitoring.  Dave Perrino and Alan Comnes are following the issue for Enron in the Western power markets as RTOs are formed.  It may make sense for some people from Govt Affairs to talk with you to discuss current issues and focus of FERC and others?  If we can get together, please let me know a good time.  Also, the attached paper from EPSA on Market Monitoring is something we support through our trade association.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Steve --  What's up??  Jim 
 Here are my thoughts.  Use as you see fit.  Jim 
 Lamar --  It is critical that every customer in California that switched (signed new or renewal customer) during this year.  We need a contact person for each account.  The key to securing a better date is to have the customers push the Governor and the Legislature and the CPUC.  We are able to provide phone numbers and contacts through our trade groups.  Jim 
 Let me know.  I'd talk with APS just to find out more details.  If we do, let's take Dave Perrino our wholesale guy to also talk about RTOs.  Jim 
 Some more information would be nice.  These seem low.  Jim 
 Agreed.  Jim 
 If made to choose, I'm for Option a) below.  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 Thanks for moving ahead.  Jim 
 Agreed.  Pls make sure the PUCT understands this.  Jim 
 Will do. 
 What record will FERC file today???  This is crazy.  Ray please call me whe= n you get in.  Jim 
 Who at Reliant said this???  I'd let them go forward and we'll do our own.  Jim 
 Looks like we need to make sure that this NERC / RTO policy dispute gets identified and recognized as what it is - discrimination.  Jim 
 Guillermo --  I should sign the letter.  Also, we should be consistent on affiliates given EPMI and Enron Gas Mktg.  We are affiliates of a pipeline.  We offer competitive services on the affiliated pipelines.  Let's be consistent with our own business.  When are you going to send the letter?  Jim 
 Sarah --  Do we need to replace Tom on the Reg Project list??  Jim 
 What did we do on this??  Jim 
 Rogers --  Harry Kingerski informed me that you and some team members were going to visit ConEd to discuss the Benchmark Rate Swap.  I think it's a great idea (Scott Gahn and I had discussed something similar a few years ago when he ran URM).  My only thoughts for you would be: 1) maybe difficult to do the swap with the Utility (given PUC oversight), but the Holding company should be in the same place financially and should be protected from PUC scrutiny and 2) being long T&D (assuming that you don't sell 100% of the position to customers) creates interesting regulatory questions.  I'd love to sit down with you to discuss this product.  Jim 
 Any luck on my password??  Jim 
 Mike --  When you have the list of customers we should contact, please let me know.  I should try and get back with Ashley today.  Jim 
 Chip --  Did you get the chance to look at the combined company?  Just interested.  Thanks 
 Dale --  Right now I'm in all of next week (although may have to travel on Thursday).  Jim 
 Linda --  Pls arrange a room for a visit from Ken Malloy on Nov 6 at 8:30 am.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Bob --  Where do we stand on the SCE stipulation?  I want to make sure that our push in SCE doesn't conflict or contradict something we are doing in the PG&E discussions.  Can we meet today?  Jim 
 Great plan.  Are we discussing today at 4 DC time?  Jim 
 Susan --  Please talk with Jeff Golden and the EES Dist Generation group to get their take as well.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Scott --  Any thoughts on this merger???  I would love to know how the financials would look post merger. 
 Charles --  My final edits.  Let's talk.  Also, please let John Shelk and Sarah look at before sending to EPSA.  Jim 
 I will let Ashley Brown know.  Do you have phone numbers for these guys?  Also, NG is willing to do a conference call late Wednesday or meeting on Thursday.  What do you think?  Jim 
 How about 2:30 CST?  Jim 
 Sounds good.  Should we put out a note through Ginger that indicates the changes???  Jim 
 How about 2pm EST - 1pm CST?  Jim 
 FYI.  EPSA looks interested in undertaking a cost-benefit analysis.  As soon as I hear more, I'll give everyone the info.  Jim 
 Thanks.  I want you on the call.  Try to do Wednesday pm conference call.  Jim 
 Thanks.  We have some relationship with Trans-elect - supported Trans-elect on the NG question of managing member of ARTO.  If you want to sit down with them, let me know.  Jim 
 Linda -  Pls print attachment.  Jim 
 3 is better.  Jim 
 Ashley -  We would prefer (given the schedules) to hold a conference call on Wednesday pm with a group of marketers/generators.  Seems like the easiest way to discuss with everyone.  It would be great to have a paper from NG earlier in the week.  Here is our list of recommended people.  Probably best to have NG or you call to invite (rather than Enron) to highlight your interest in brokering a deal in the Midwest.  Exelon 			(Jack Crowley)  	610 765 6612 Constellation 		(Harvey Reed)  	410 468 3480 Edison Mission Energy 	(Reem Fahey)  	312 583 6033 Reliant 			(John Orr)  	713 207 3490 Duke 				(Mike Gildea)	713 627 5529 or (Lee Barrett)  713 627 6519 Mirant 			(Jim Mayhew)  	478 579 3421 PG&E 				(Richard Doying) 	301 280-6780 Cinergy 			(Dennis Flaherty) ?????  Thanks,  Jim 
 Tom --  You may at some time want to cross train on NYISO rules - especially as the region integrates.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Dave --  Pat Keene is working on a number of issues before the NV Commission on retail access and unbundling (one thing being the implementation of DA for C&I).  Can you please reach out to him to help on some transmission issues involved in retail competition.  Thanks,  Jim 
 What lobbying did Enron do last year with regard to EnronOnline and the Commodity Futures Modernization Act? 
 thanks. 
 FYI.  Steve you may want to be on this call.  Jim 
 Seems to me that we need to engage in AZ (along with NV and OR?) in the Western states to try and push competition forward.  Why don't we first assemble a (1) what we know - what we don't know memo and then (2) look at oppotunities to push our agenda.  Leslie - everyone is looking to you to lead us to the promised land in AZ...  GO GET 'EM!!!!!!  Jim 
 Mike --  How about lunch at 11:30 - meet in the lobby?  Jim 
 Ricardo --  I tried to call this morning - no answer.  Pls give me a call today.  Jim 
  Please feel free to attend.  Jim 
 Sorry -- I need to be in Houston both days.  Jim 
 FYI 
 Fine.  Everything's crazy at Enron.  Just trying to keep my head down.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Do all REPs have to report this information - including our customer complaints?  Even if we only serve non-PTB customers?  Who is tracking this internally assuming we have to file it?  Do the business people understand this obligation?  Jim 
 Ok.  It seems that (1) we should try and get a handle on AZ - Leslie Lawner please put something together and (2) need a Market Plan on NV - Pat Keene put together.  Paul, I appreciate the issue with OR but I'd like to know what is the opportunity and make sure that PGE is not destroying our chances - Christi got wind of a Imbalance pgm that was punative to marketers.  Who can we meet with to discuss?  Jim 
 Following last week's meeting, here is my recommendation on how to proceed with SCE.  1.	Form Enron Negotiation Team  My recommendation is to use the same team we used with PG&E + Jeff Dasovich.  My understanding was that Lisa M. was the lead negotiator - I would not change this.  Jeff should only be there to make introductions.  2.	Meet & Confer (10/29)  Sue Mara and Jeff Dasovich will listen and report back to everyone on what happens.  3.	Reformed Stipulation  I would propose that we take a wait and see approach to this document.  Based on Dasovich's idea to get together with SCE on Thursday, maybe let this ride.  4.	Meeting  My understanding is that (Jeff D. please correct) SCE can meet with us this Thursday.  Can everyone make it that needs to be there?  Probably meet in California.  We should put the laundry list on the table.  Please let me know what else we need to discuss or if anyone disagrees.  Thanks,  Jim 
 To discuss this outline and our issues list, can people attend a 2pm Houston Time call.  The meet and confer may be on-going, but maybe either Jeff or Sue can jump off.  Linda Noske will be sending out a call-in number.  Thanks,  Jim 
 FYI. 
 Nancy --  I don't understand.  Will this delay the opening of the ERCOT Tx market???  We must do everything possible to open the market on time - Jan 1 2002.  Jim 
 We also need to check reporting for post Jan 1.  Gloria can you make sure that Rebecca Fite knows this.  Jim 
 Luiz --  Yes there has been a shift in the thinking - away from the "natural gas" model and toward the financial structure.  Some of this is related to the political realities of the US market and FERC.  Some is that our traders in the East are comfortable with PJM and have been making term markets at PJM West hub.  All of this assumes that we should be able to migrate to a more physical model if the industry needs to later.  I do think that it would be helpful for you to get together and work up a discussion for all Government Affairs to explain the key differences and what policy discussions we need to focus upon - (i.e., setting up good "hubs" and auctioning transmission rights).  Also, I think that any thoughts you have on the implications for EES are important.  Not sure that either model is really "great" for competitive retailers.  The difficulty is that our predictions of load and the actual usage will always be different.  As long as (1) our analytics have the data to "price" basis between hubs and from a hub to a customer and (2) there is no discrimination in allocation of transmission rights then our ability to sell at retail will be competitive.  Jim 
 I was hoping to meet with PGE (but will hold off it is imprudent).  Christi has reviewed something.  I'll loop her in to find out all the details.  Jim 
 Christi --  What's the latest on the PGE imbalance method??  Jim 
 My fault for not making it clear that you should have been in the loop.  We will send out a message across the board to help with this.  Jim 
 This is critical that we are all pushing this...  Please let me know if any obstacles develop.  Jim 
 Are we still friends?? 
 Nancy --  Go get 'em!!!  You'll do great.  Just be factual and explain how you've worked on these issues in multiple states.  Jim 
 Good job.  Jim 
 My thoughts --  1.	Focus more on Tariff standardization (I think that this is the key issue for Enron because LMP based bid balancing market is almost a done deal - and the Texas market seems to be fine for liquidity).  Build around a new proforma with a NETWORK PLUS model. 2.	I would highlight that size matters - re-double our arguments and documents on natural markets in this filing as attachments. 3.	I would highlight the importance of ending the control area benefits and also strengthen the arguments for no source/sink requirement. 4.	The gas / power industries are different not because the amount of vertical integration (ie, CNG) but because of the geographic reach.  Many LDCs used Columbia p/l, but only one LDC uses AEPs.  The electric market needs transmission to be "rationalized" across the marketplace so moving power to where it's needed from where it's at. 5.	Should we attack the 209 Boards?  Agree that they are unnecessary, but pls be careful.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Janine --  Good job.  On the hourly market price index, until we have LMP dispatch, the best we can do is a public index.  Let's not ask for too much.  Just something we can hedge against.  Can you talk with the EWS folks for the best index option???  Also, if the default is a monthly public index, why do the customer's need any "parking"?  They can move directly to the new option.  What is your definition of "functioning wholesale market"?  Are we stating that unless an RTO is running, we can't get rid of the PPO?  Maybe just resolve the Imbalance issue.  More specifics would be helpful.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Trying to put something together.  Jim 
 Hope you and Gracie are having a good day!!  I miss you guys.  California is a difficult State to understand.  Things are crazy.  Jim 
 Please put on my calendar.  Also, how do I find out how much vacation I have?  Jim 
 Think the best thing is to let it ride - no sense in discussing because we don't have a solution for them.  See if any intelligence on how hard they are going to push NPCo to fight us.  Jim 
 Yes.  Thanks. 
 Ok.  Also, don't forget about the Dynegy v. ComEd dispute at FERC.  Important for us in our physical business.  Probably want the letter to be a little more specific on a monthly index v. an hourly.  Also, what about the 400 kw size distinction, is this the right #?  May want to talk with Jim Wood.  Isn't the DST question also important?  The ICC's decision will impact the need for a PPO.  Jim 
 Charles --  The RTO week stuff is different from SSO stuff, right?  Jim 
 Gloria --  Vicki Sharp was interested in trying to update our Licenses throughout the country.  I will arrange a meeting for us to follow-up.  Thanks,  Jim 
 agree 
 Lisa --  I'll leave it to you to decide if Mike Day needs or should be at the SCE initial meeting.  I received a message that he can, but haven't told him either way.  Pls advise.  Jim 
 FYI. 
 Linda --  Pls put on my calendar.  Pls arrange a room and have Mike Roan and Luiz Maurer attend (also invite Kerry Stroup).  Thanks,  Jim 
 Sarah & Christi --  Can you ask the Project Leaders on the key projects for a timeline (comments due date, etc.) of their activities?  I would love to have a crib sheet to know when to expect comments.  I saw the NOPR commetns on Code of Conduct was moved to Dec 20.  Thanks,  Jim 
 I heard today that Brad Nebergald will take over the ILL market under Greg Adams.  I'll try and track down all the facts.  Jim 
  Harry --  Do want to shepherd the development of our comments?  Team would be you (lead), Charles, Nancy Hetrick, Andy Rodriquez, Christi Nicolay.  What do you think?  Jim 
 Can someone please cover this meeting?  Jim 
 Pls put on my calendar.  Jim 
 cheers. 
 Friday breakfast works for me.  6:30 am at 59 Diner.  Jim 
 No.  I'll let her know if she asks.  Thanks, 
 Good work. =20 
 FYI 
 Great job.  What are the back out rates for CH going forward?  Any improvement in the market?  Jim 
 I'm back in Thursday am.  Let's beat the heck out of Dynegy on this case.  Jim 
 Don --  Can you please add Becky Cantrell, Melinda Pharms, and Guillermo Canovas to your Nat Gas weekly discussions?  Not sure if they will all come, but I'd like someone from Government Affairs at the meeting to try and keep us up-to-date on the issues.  Jim 
 We have not made public the SCE amount (as far as I'm aware).  We need to make sure that IR is in the loop - I think that Mark Koenig is following this issue.  Jim 
 Great job Leslie.  Let's keep up the pressure.  Jim 
 May be some value here when all over. 
 We should the testimony at FERC in the ARTO docket.  By pushing FERC to get= with the program and by pushing ARTO to use a better CM model, we'll get l= everage.  Taking it to the PUCO is a nice step, but I don't think that they= are going to change the current ARTO program. =20  By the way, where is the PUCO on ARTO / MISO issues?  Thanks,=20  Jim 
 Isn't there a better option for all of the ComEd issues - open the legislation???  Why not talk with ComEd about this???  Jim 
 Are we winning?  Any movement on our issues?  Jim 
 I would think that we should take the time to talk with local counsel or other "allies" to get a feel for the chances in AZ.  I also think that the difficulty in AZ will be a physical problem with getting transmission service - no RTO.  It would be great to have a thorough analysis of problems in every open market just to know what the issues are.  Jim 
 I'll be at my desk. 
 Yes.  Although probably more useful (if we have a smoking gun) in the Legislative arena.  DOE has no authority over TVA.  Jim 
 Joe --  Let us know.  Jim 
 Please put on my calendar.  Jim 
 No problem.  Jim 
 Bob --  Before we do anything on this issue, I would suggest that we need to have developed a strategy on a number of issues (primarily the proper reformation of the PX Credit calculation after Jan 18 and the application of the 1c/kwh surcharge).  On this issue, assuming that we haven't discuss the failure of SCE to apply our account's past credit with the CPUC (given that the bills were just received), I can't imagine that a federal court would look to favorably upon a legal action.  In addition, we have not identified where the "credits" are if they are not on the customer's accounts.  My recommendation is to first (a) work with SCE - have Jeff Dasovich run the traps and (b) discuss the issue with CPUC Division of Energy and see if there is a solution without Complaint.  If this doesn't get us anywhere before August 19, then it seems that to protect our interest we would need to file a complaint with the CPUC.  I am not opposed to LeBouef looking into federal action, but that seems a bit dramatic without first trying to exhaust our adminstrative remedies.  Please call me.  Jim  P.S. There is a meeting on the 1c/kwh surcharge with Janet Dietrich today at 1:30 in her office.  I think you should attend. 
 I think the best person to provide the affidavits for the PX Credit receivable is Wanda Curry (if we want to make this claim inside of the FERC proceeding - still an open question).  Jim 
  Jeff --  Seems to make sense to put out a "What's Up in Sacramento" to the whole business crew with likelihood of success.  Best to come from you.  Jim 
 Sarah --  We have the last draft.  I was talking with Rick yesterday and I don't think that we want to publish it or use it publicly.  It did it's primary job of validating that a non-gas model structure would not be harmful to Enron's interests.  Give me a call.  Jim 
 Yes, if by Aug 19 we don't have the strategy, we should file.  But we need a comprehensive strategy before the end of the week.  I hope to drive that to conclusion.  Jim 
 As some of you may be aware, Dick's consulting arrangement with Enron ends later this fall.  In an effort to make the transition as easy as possible, I would recommend that the following people work with Dick to transition on critical committees and tasks (nothing is hardwired, so if we need to change people, let me know).  Dick will attend the upcoming WSCC EPITF meeting (not sure of date, but think in the next two weeks).  My recommendation is that Steve Walton attend with Dick and become the lead.  We may not get a voting seat after Dick leaves, but we should try and cover.  Ray Alvarez should attend the WSCC Board Meeting on Aug 27 with Dick to pick up these responsibilities.  Charles Yeung should pick up coverage for the FlowBased discussions.  Dick will not attend the next meeting in Chicago that takes place on Aug 30.  Andy Rodriguez should pick up the Security Coordinator Subcommitte discussions that take place Sept 25 - 27.  Dick will not attend.  I think that Charles, Ray, Dick and I should attend the NERC Stakeholders Mtg on Oct 15 - 16.  Finally, Dave Perrino should go with Dick to the next WSCC OCTPG meeting.  Let me know if this transition plan works.  Jim 
 Not sure if we can do anything.  It's Paul's call.  Jim 
 Don't we want the ISO to provide to whom the refunds are entitled?  Jim 
 Sue --  We should probably file something on this CPUC docket just ensuring that if these meters are put in place, ESPs have access on a timely basis to the data if they serve the customer DA.  What do you think?  Maybe the Vinio could help?  Jim 
 Fine.  Same here.  Jim 
 Can we have a meeting on Friday at 9am this morning as an update?  Jim 
 Yes.  Shapiro will also attend as I may need to be in Houston.  Jim 
 Jeff --  Are you going?  The list looks pretty good.  If not, we may need to have someone there.  Jim 
  Can we talk at 9am your time - lots going on.  Jim 
 Jeff & Sue --  We need to discuss at 9am your time (as well as other things).  Jim 
 Thanks.  Maybe we should have Nancy Hetrick simply put in a place holder.  Jim 
 Call Greg Sharp. 
 Janel--  No one on my team is really qualified.  Jim 
 RECEIVED 
 Nothing.  I'll give him a call.  Jim 
 Steve & Rick --  FYI.  PG&E Bankruptcy counsel has provided the below stipulation that holds any further action on this issue for 48 hours.  It appears that PG&E doesn't want to be anywhere near the CPUC.  Provide more details as they go through.  Jim 
 Makes sense to me.  Good luck.  Let me know if you need anything.  Jim 
 FYI 
 Cheers. 
 Guillermo -  Can you please find the different prices (coach vs. business) so I can have a record?  Thanks,  Jim 
 I approve.  Jim Steffes 
 Aleck --  Will try and find.  Not sure if the material is responsive.  Read the article (sending to others on TO list).  Maybe Ursula Brenner can help you pull a response together?  Jim 
 thanks for update.  pls keep sending info. 
 FYI.  Some info on the CA experience.  Jim 
 Probably have to work through Kaufman for Seminar / Education cost.  Jim 
 Agreed.  Ray Alvarez is working with Fergus and Watkiss, etal to get this taken care of.  Jim 
  Please do not contact these customers.  FYI, Enron signed the following customers after July 1 (we are checking on Wal-Mart).  I would like Bev and Hedy to rank these parties with their ability to help in Sacramento with our messaging.  Once you have this, let's talk this afternoon to plan going forward.  As you can see from the e-mail, we are going to have to work through our business people.  Jim 
 Steve --  Alan is on vacation next week.  Jeff is tied up.  Bryan Gottfredson will be compiling this information.  By the way, there may not be a listing of who (meaning generators) is owed how much - wasn't disclosed in the FERC Settlement.  Jim 
 With Alan Comnes on vacation starting this week, the primary point person from Enron Govt Affairs will be Ray Alvarez in our DC office.  Ray will be following up on this and other filings, etc. on this case.  Jim Steffes 
 Lisa --  Please let me know what else I need to do.  Jim 
 Steve --  FYI on the information your requested.  Bryan is working to pull this together ASAP.  What exactly is the deadline?  Jim 
  Bryan --  FYI.  Not sure if you are going.  Jim 
 If you want to talk about the KY issues, probably best to get with Janine Migden.  Jim 
 Yes. 
 I can't - in a UNITED WAY event.  Jim 
  FYI.  The EES USA organization has been reorganized to centralize all sales teams under Jeremy Blachman.  Scott Gahn's group stays unchanged.  Harry, you and I may want to let people in the field know these changes?  Jim 
 Sent the wrong address first time.  Jim 
 Charles + Steve + Ray + Dave + Andy --  There have been a number of e-mails related to my initial request for a transition plan for Dick Ingersoll.  By this e-mail, I am asking that Charles Yeung take the lead on ensuring a smooth transition and that all meetings are appropriately covered.  Please coordinate as a team to work out the details.  Charles please also consider that Jose Bestard will be returning at some point in the near future.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Howard --  I received a call from Jeff Brown who said that he had visited the NYPSC and NYISO to discuss load curtailment.  He had placed a few calls into you and hadn't heard back.  When you get back, please let me know where this stands.  No big deal, but I want to understand what is going on with the load curtailment efforts.  Jim 
  A few thoughts before the NG meeting --  1.	Maybe we should (as a team) call Transelect (Paul Buckman) before our NG meeting.  You may remember that Transelect sent an initial letter into Skilling to try and solicit our support for stopping the NG application to be managing member of the ARTO.  I think that it would be good to call Buckman and ask if he has a better idea than NG.  We are right now stuck between two very bad answers - let AEP and FE construct a managing member or have NG.  Maybe Transelect has a better solution.  2.	Chief Issues with NG -- a.	are they "really" independent?  having a short position in NY and owning generation in NE effectively makes NG into a "market participant" - I think that Enron should make as a hold firm position that to operate an RTO there can be no agreement with anything less than almost perfect independence. b.	who do they feel the customer is?  maybe we want to get Paul Dawson's take on their business model from the UK.  it is critical that the new RTO operators across the country view traders/marketers and generators as their key customers.  what form of regulation for cost recovery of their operating expenses do they want - pass thru, PBR, etc.? c.	who writes the tariff?  I would make a strong argument that the problem with most of the RTO work to date has been that FERC has allowed the current incumbents to first write a bad tariff and then assign the provision of service under that tariff to someone who has very little (if any) control over future changes.  the RTO operator must be free to make changes to the tariff with only two constraints - (1) must not restrict the ability to pay facility revenue reqts and (2) must not damage the assets. d.	do they intend to build/own transmission and how does this impact the energy markets?  will their planning and construction processes impact any long term positions that EPMI may take in the energy market.  how do they manage to allow other merchant transmission into the business? e.	how do they intend to provide balancing energy?  the flip side of our fight on congestion management involves the pricing of energy imbalances.  what is NG intending to do on this issue?  does NG believe that multiple control areas makes sense for a single RTO?  does NG support unbalanced/uncovered schedules day-ahead?  Also, just to let people know, Kerry Stroup will also be working on the Midwest RTO efforts going forward.  Please keep him included on the e-mails.  Jim 
 Leslie -  Can you coordinate with Jay Dudley at 503-464-8860 on how to change the filing (if at all) on PGE's pipeline issue?  PGE is willing to modify the filing to try and take out the language on Native Load.  They are suggesting that maybe they should sign a contract for the full amount of the capacity (about 170,000 mmcf/d) rather than assume its right.  The goal should be to have a final decision on next steps before next Friday, Aug 17.  Please call me with any questions.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Jeanne --  Not quite sure that I am getting the picture.  Let me lay it out more directly.  The PX Credit for October 2000 was $225 based on the actual market rates.  Now FERC is saying that October 2000 hourly prices for CalPX DA and CalPX HA markets were "too high" in June 2001.  Can the CPUC change the PX Credit for October 2000 and make the Utilities recalculate our Negative CTC?  What is prospective?  Have they ever done this before?  Jim 
  YOUR BUDDY 
 Rick --  FYI.  Becky heard Michelle Foss talk the other day.  Was very aligned with our perspective.  Maybe someone for FERC?  Jim 
 Susan -  I put together a short write-up and would like to submit to HR for your mid-year.  Because you've only been here a short time, most of the responses are To Be Determined.  If you don't have any problems, please come by and sign.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Looks good.  Please make sure that you submitted an RCR.  If Ed wants more info of this type for other states, I'd like to make sure that we organize our efforts so we don't duplicate too much and deploy the proper resources.  Thanks,  Jim 
 I agree with Christi's point.  The problem is that those arguments - effectively that real competition will take away market power - are no longer effective at FERC.  I think that Massey and Wood are ready to do something more potent.  My primary question is how do we think that Appendix A would apply to Enron?  Do we want Hirenymous (sp?) to undertake a proxy exam to see the real impact?  I am going to try and schedule a phone call for next Friday to outline our next steps.  Should anyone else be in on the call?  Who else could lead this analysis for us (given that we are all so busy)?  Jim 
 not sure.  it was stated rather quickly in passing. 
 Linda --  Please arrange a phone call with Christi & Sarah Novosel to discuss market power for this upcoming Friday.  Jim 
 I assume that we will discuss the entire process on the next NERC call?  Jim 
 Susan --  Please discuss with Ben (you may want to call Barbara & Christi to see if anyone else has discussed already) and relay importance of this to his future plans to me?  Key question is whether or not we need to be engaging directly with local governments.  Jim 
  Nancy --  Please keep John & Charles in the loop on this question.  They are both working on next steps for NERC and while not directly related to the RSB, there is potential for overlap down the road.  Also, where does Enron publicly stand on the incorporation of this into an EISB?  I thought we were ready to go?  Finally, are you giving the presentation?  Jim 
 Linda --  Let's talk about all expense report matters tomorrow.  Also, please send out reminders to everyone that I want to deal with this only on Friday and not to go too long without a report.  Thanks,  Jim 
  PLEASE ENTER INTO MY CALENDAR.   Jim 
 Ginger --  I am taking that entire week off.  Jim 
 Tom --  Can put some analysis into this market opportunity and relay the results to the Enron Direct team?  Current Shopping Credit versus 2002 Shopping Credit versus market.  Maybe we should be highlighting the opportunity to pick up some quick market share where the saving opporunities are relatively large and have Enron Direct enter now to lock in the deals?  Jennifer Thome may be able to help you with this project (although she may have some other projects).  Jim 
 Christi -  Did this come from FERC??  Jim 
 Ray --  Please examine closely the attached note from the CalPX.  In the letter the= y appear to want some guidance on how to allocate the refunds to buyers or = they'll simply decide.  This is a quote ---  d.=09Allocation of refunds to demand (buyers).  As part of these proceeding= the method of allocation of refunds to buyers must be addressed.  CalPX pr= oposes to use its share-fraction allocation method to determine how to spre= ad the refunds among its participants if there are no specific Commission o= rders on how to allocate the refunds.  Please let me know the implication and if the CAISO has a similar provision= in its tariff.  Jim 
  FYI.  Same holds - let's not talk to Wal-Mart until we work through our business folks.  Jim 
 As you can see from the comments below, staff at the Texas PUC is considering whether or not certain areas of Texas are ready for competition (the non-ERCOT region).  Who on your teams do we need to talk to understand the implications of this action?  Jim 
 Ray --  Please examine closely the attached note from the CalPX.  In the letter they appear to want some guidance on how to allocate the refunds to buyers or they'll simply decide.  This is a quote ---  d.	Allocation of refunds to demand (buyers).  As part of these proceeding the method of allocation of refunds to buyers must be addressed.  CalPX proposes to use its share-fraction allocation method to determine how to spread the refunds among its participants if there are no specific Commission orders on how to allocate the refunds.  Please let me know the implication and if the CAISO has a similar provision in its tariff.  Jim 
 Charles & Nancy --  Please make sure that we are on the same page "publicly".  Jim 
 Jeanne --  I guess the other big question is this - what is the best argument one could make that any retroactive calculation (and application in a forward-going manner) is illegal?  We need to develop this argument ASAP.  Jim 
 Rick --  How about sitting down on Wednesday am (say 10 am) to do this?  Jim 
 Not sure how this got through the "process".  Please feel free to call on me if this isn't getting fixed right.  Also, should we just have PGE pull the application and re-file with different terms.  Also, Becky you should let Amr know and keep track - he can try and quantify.  Jim 
 Great.  I'll be there.  Jim  Linda -- Please put on my calendar. 
  I'll attend if you think it's important.  Otherwise, I'm assuming that ya'll are covering the meeting.  Jim 
 Dung --  Best to start with Jean Ryall (in Austin).  Different utilities in different places of restructuring.  By the way, aren't you in EBS?  Jim 
  Please put on my calendar if possible.  Probably can only go for 1.5 hours.  Jim 
 Good news or bad news?  My quick read is that FERC looks like it is trying to end the obligation but is waiting for an industry solution.  What is New Power saying?  Jim 
 Howard, Kathleen, & Steve --  Can we sit down and discuss our strategies going forward in light of this RD?  I'd like to understand where there are opportunities (both for POLR outsourcing and standard market entry).  I don't think that there will ever be a huge surplus in generation (and there shouldn't be in a competitive market).  Instead of focusing on something the NYPSC can't control, why not work on demand responsiveness?  Better metering technology would certainly help.  Let me know when a good time would be?  Jim 
 Please put on my calendar if possible and RSVP if necessary.  Jim 
 Looks good.  Are these "incremental" to the total?  May be important to highlight the % growth as well.  Jim 
 Bryan --  Thanks for the update.  On the first issue, there was a letter sent from the CAISO to some Congressmen.  Please find this.  Also, keep trying to locate the creditors list - we want people that bought and sold electricity.  Jim 
  Has your initial question been answered?  Jim 
 Here is a list of point people for issues in the West.  Jim 
 Did we get the right people to sign-up to speak?  Let me know.  Jim 
 Not sure if you knew this.  Jim 
 Sue --  Is the issue for the Governor's eminent domain or Native Load exception?  Very important distinction maybe lost on these guys.  Jim 
 Charles --  Very well put.  This is another example why it is so important for you and = Andy R. to be out with the RTO teams helping us to be more precise.  We nee= d to blend our NERC and FERC advocacy.  Of course, you realize that ELCON will never support a PJM model central ma= rketplace for balancing energy.  At the last EPSA meeting, ELCON really bla= sted centralized pools. =20  Jim 
 Thanks.  Jim 
 Erin --  Enron is working right now to try and develop its policy on this issue.  Clearly, our primary goal is to ensure that market makers such as Enron are treated fairly by the FERC rules vis-a-vis other market participants.  While we are not yet enamored with any policy option, we are committed to helping FERC do whatever is necessary to create a strong and well functioning marketplace.  As soon as I have any more, I'll let you know.  Sarah Novosel and I are intending to come to the meeting.  Jim 
 Janine --  Where does this stand?  I just read the text and agree with Harry.  Most importantly, the HHI may not be suitable given the high degree of regulation of ComEd service.  As important, I don't think the ICC cares too much about Enron losing market share.  Not the best lead argument.  Let's talk.  Jim 
 Not until all of the key electricity fixes are included in the package - remember RTOs are still voluntary, the Courts have yet to require FERC to do away with the Native Load exception, and NERC is in charge of reliability.  This is clearly the biggest issue for the Publics.  Jim 
 Talk with Rick, but I think this project is complete. 
  FYI 
 Lynne --  I am very sorry that I have not yet responded to your e-mail.  I am trying to firm up my calendar.  Not sure that Excelon and Enron will differ greatly on the key lessons learned.  I should know by mid-week (if you haven't already filled the slot).  Jim Steffes 713-853-7673 
 Dad --  Thought you may be interested.  Jim 
  Bob --  Sorry this is just getting to you.  Pls work with Fergus to come up with an answer.  Jim 
 This is one of those to show to Amr to quantify.  Jim 
 Wanted you to see that Doug regarded you highly (my highlights below).  Also, sorry I wasn't very nice on Friday - another very bad day.  I'm sorry.  Jim 
 Linda --  Please arrange a call-in number for 10:30 am Houston time for everyone above for tomorrow.  Purpose - Legislative Strategy.  Thanks.  Jim 
 Evan --  Who is responsible for completing all paperwork for entering a new market?  Is it someone on your team or someone from CEC?  There have been some issues with getting everything coordinated lately and I wanted to make sure that we knew who was on point.  Jim 
 Sorry that I am just getting back to this.  I think that one of the key roles for Reg Risk Analytics is to "validate" the appropriateness of regulatory assumptions in EWS retail tariff curves as well as help Govt Affairs build risk management plans.  Let's talk soon.  Jim 
 Who at EWS is the head?  Jim 
 Am I scheduled to attend?  Jim 
 correct. 
 I'm in all week.  Jim 
 Jean & Thane --  Can we have a meeting this week (maybe Thursday at 3:30) to discuss this?  Jim 
 FYI.  You may want to discuss with Becky.  Jim 
  What do I need to do?  Jim 
 Hope he is ok.  Jim 
 Becky--  Please keep Guillermo and Melinda in the loop.  Thx.  Jim 
 Janine --  Who is IMServe?  I'm guessing they are a vendor that does billing, etc.  You should e-mail Evan Hughes to determine the nature of the CSC arrangement.  But I don't think that we want to give our business to a company because they help in one case?  Jim 
 Linda --  Can you please pull a copy of the ComEd OATT that would include the calculation of "OPC" mentioned below?  Janine --  Doesn't it make sense that we are disadvantaged vis-a-vis their own transmission service and should talk to Donna Fulton about a complaint at FERC?  Jim 
 But where in statue does the ICC have that as one of their issues?  Jim 
  Charles --  In planning the transition, please include this issue.  Jim 
 cheers 
 Susan --  Can you please work with ENA Accounting and others to determine the following to provide to EPSA so they can calculate our Dues --  1.	Total megawatts of your company's equity ownership as of June 1, 2001 in competitive generation assets operating and under construction in the United States (including PURPA plants) - (probably good to start with Wes Coldwell).  2.	Total megawatthours of market-priced wholesale and retail sales for the 12 months ending March 31, 2001 (probably just get Linda Lawrence to sum up our monthly sales (I would have a separate total for wholesale financials) and use someone from Evan Hughes shop for physical retail sales).  Call me to discuss.  We need to get this in by August 18.  Jim 
 Steve --  Has PR given the go ahead?  Anything else from me needed?  Jim 
 Yes.  I'll get us a conference room on 47.  Jim 
  Linda --  Please schedule a conference room to hold this.  Jim 
 Sue --  Do you have a list of the Commissions / Officials that you have discussed these issues with either formally or informally?  It would be good to make sure that we have a running tally.  Jim 
 Next Steps --  1.	Leverage EES Customers Signing Post August 25 Contracts  The language in SB78 continues to hold the date for suspending DA as August 25.  EES signed a number of very large contracts that benefit important in-state businesses.  We are trying to establish a strategy around the following segments:  a)	California Restaurant Association b)	CMTA via the Aerospace Industry c)	Wal-Mart.  We need all of our customers to call (a) the Governor, (b) the key Legislative members, and (c) their trade associations.  Leveraging the trade associations is critical given CMTA's support for the bill.  We can release (very quietly) to influential persons Wal-Mart, Raytheon, and Northrop.  It is also critical that we try and contact someone from Boeing to get their read of the bill and its impact.  Our understanding is that they have recently signed a deal with another marketer and will be cut out by this Bill.  Any help in communicating with Boeing is critical.  Please let me know how best to approach the Calif Rest Association.  What should we do?  Is it better to have our customers call?  I will work up some talking points and phone numbers with Sue Mara to use in these discussions.  2.	Fight the CPUC on Retroactive Order  Sue Mara is working through AReM to convince the CPUC that their Proposed Decision would be illegal.  Continue to push on this front.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Sue --  What is our current involvement in the URG case?  Do we have a range of potential outcomes for each UDC?  Jim 
 Jean --  Please call Eric to understand the implications of filing or not filing on this issue.  Jim 
 Good idea.  Harry is the best to start with.  Jim 
 I would like to have a meeting today at 4pm to review the work that West Power URM has been working on to compare the economic impact of the 4 alternatives.  It would also be good to get any other feedback from the meetings with SCE and other relevant activities.  I will ask my assistant Linda Noske to get a call in number and a room on 47.  Please let Linda Noske know if you will attend.  Jim 
  Please cover this.  Jim 
 To make sure that everyone is on the same page, my understanding is that Thane "owns" this issue from top to bottom - Thane needs to make the recommendation about moving forward or not.  Please keep me in the loop.  Jim 
 I can't make it, but Sue Mara will cover.  Jim 
 Don't worry about the call. 
 Thanks Barbara.  If we need to do anything, please let me knwo.  JIm 
 Please coordinate a meeting with Chad for later this week between Chad and myself.  Jim 
 Great.  Really appreciate.  Jim 
 2:30 works for me on Thursday.  Jim 
 Works for me.  Jim 
 I can make it.  Now on my calendar.  Jim 
 Sue --  My take on this letter is that it is a little too "jumpy".  Any way to help make it a bit more to help Lynch do something different - maybe work from the AReM filing?  Jim 
 Thanks for the accounting treatment.  Probably better to have one payment this year and one payment on Jan2 (charged back to 2001).  Thanks,  Jim 
 Thanks for the feedback.  Your model now assumes a modification to the Distribution tariff to include a new rate element.  That may get around the Settlement (although OCA in PA will think that now D is going up and there is no offset in the G rate so consumers are getting screwed because they won't switch).  Also, can the PaPUC implement this charge and direct the EDCs to transfer the funds to third-party generators?  Seems like that would require legislative changes.  I like the idea that there should be fixed charge for ICAP - one way to get that number would be to go back to the EDC stranded cost cases and look at their filed testimony - remember if they are earning more from the market than that $ amount, they are overearning on their stranded costs.  Jim 
 Send me your phone number?  Jim 
 I thought we were responding through some other group?  Jim 
 Thanks.  Appreciate the concern.  Hopefully most of this will be legal time & $ but one never knows.  Jim 
 ok 
 Before we invite FERC staff to the trading floor, let's set up a gameplan a= nd run by the trading floor - I don't want a dispute with trading after inv= iting staff down here. =20 Jim 
 No problem.  Have a good vacation.  Jim 
 Thanks.  The key, of course, is to create a filing that could not be used against us at FERC on these issues.  I guess that amending the filing is better than withdrawing the filing and re-submitting.  My only thought would be that by withdrawing, PGE provides no trail.  Jim 
 Steve --  As Sue highlights below, when people talk about stranded costs ending no la= ter than 3/31/02, they are only speaking about generation-related stranded = costs.  Above market costs for QFs will be "collected" from DA customers fo= r some time into the future.  Wanted to make sure that this was clear.  Jim 
 thanks 
 Linda -  Please work up some letters from me to the people in the file ECAR, MAIN, MAPP for my review.  Thanks.  Jim 
 The Offsite is more imporant.  Please call Lysa Akin to confirm the date.  Jim 
  You on this call?  Jim 
  Becky --  What's the upside and downside from the Settlement.  My only concern is tha= t FERC is so swamped with issues may be overwhelming.  Where is our busines= s going?  Jim 
 Linda --  Please reschedule until Wednesday.  I have a meeting all afternoon on California.  Tell Mike I apologize greatly.  Jim 
 Sarah & Alan --  I plan on attending.  Both of you should feel free.  I think that right now we should decline any offer to present unless we can come up with a set of "Guiding Principles" (i.e., prospective market rules, etc.)  Jim 
 Per our discussions yesterday, the following should hopefully be completed before the 2:30 (CST) conference call on Recoupment and the 4:00 (CST) conference call on PX Credit & 1c/kwh Surcharge.  1.	Bob Williams - Synopsis of 1c/kwh Surcharge 2.	Sue Mara - Background on CPUC Activity on 1c/kwh Surcharge (to be included in Bob Williams' write-up) 3.	Dian Huddleson - Plan for Requesting Net Bill Reinstatement 4.	URM - Analysis of PX Credit Methodology 5.	Mary Lynne Ruffer - Analysis of Net Bill Amounts 6.	Jim Steffes - CPUC Legal Analysis  The goal for today is to have all necessary data to develop our recommendations for how to proceed in these matters so that we can meet with the business heads tomorrow.  Call In Information -  2:30 Recoupment 1-800-998-2462 # 5462908  4:00 PX Credit & 1c/kwh Surcharge To Be Provided By Linda Noske 
 Wes & Wade --  You've probably seen this, but FERC issued this notice for Jurisdictional Public Utilities related to a FASB decision. 
 Richard --  We need to make some decisions very soon (this morning) about Enron's submission of data into the Pacific Northwest ("PNW") refund case.  The data is due at FERC no later than Thursday August 16.  The key strategic issues in submitting the data to the ALJ include the following --  1.	Do we exclude bookouts (ie, only physical transactions)?  It appears that other market participants intend to exclude bookouts.  EPMI should also exclude bookouts given that these transactions never went physical and hence are not appropriate to consider in this case.  2.	Do we provide only sales transactions or do we include our purchases?  The ALJ's Order allows parties to include purchases only if the selling party is not an intervenor in this case and hence, our purchase would not be included in the data.  The ALJ wants to limit the amount of data to be provided to ease the workload.  Our initial analysis of some data from other parties is that there will be transaction data irregularities and hence, we should provide all of our relevant sales and purchases.  By having the data in the case, we can dispute any inappropriate transaction and ensure that all of our purchases are included in the calculation of refunds.  This is key for Enron in that our primary defense is that Enron deserves refunds as a purchaser to offset any sales refund amount.  3.	Do we provide data for all 4 time blocks (through 24 hours, through 7 days, through one month, through 1 year)?  The ALJ's Order indicates that parties are to provide data for transactions that are not consistent with the initial definition of "spot" - deals less than 24 hours done day ahead or day of.  Our initial recommendation is to provide the data but to retain our arguments that this is not consistent with FERC's Order.  The primary downside of not complying with this element of the data submission request is that we anger the ALJ and end up providing the data anyway after being told directly to comply.  In addition, it is possible that by providing all of the data we could be creating the problem that some economist or competitor could get their hands on the data at a later date and "determine" our trading strategies.  Weighing these risks, I would still recommend to include this data but argue before the ALJ and the FERC the ultimate relevance.  4.	Do we provide data based on contract date?  The ALJ has requested data for contracts that were valid on December 25, 2000 that had physical energy flowing after December 25, 2000 through June 20, 2001.  This would explicitly include Balance of the Month transactions for December 2000 and the associated physical flows. To minimize the hours on these transactions, we intend to enter the transaction date in the data submission to allow for FERC staff to delete inappropriate transactions.  I will call you this morning.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Left you off.  Sorry. 
 Ginger --  Please send to Rick's team.  Jim 
 Steve -- =20 I've stopped trying to understand the Utilities in California and what they= want - it hurts too much.  But yes, the law allows the Utilities to contin= ue to collect "something" from customers, including DA customers, for QF co= sts beyond 3/31/02. =20 Jim 
 Ok.  If the FERC team in DC (Donna and Sarah) are ok, let's support this bu= t let's make sure that we have outlined our "needs" and "wants" and "no way= s" before going in.  Also, who would cover and can we do this in Houston (g= uessing most of the parties in town)?  Jim 
  Jeff --  Any communications with ElectriCities on virtual direct access?  Maybe another good avenue for ElectriCities to help its members?  Now that direct access is dead in NC, ElectriCities could agree to move new products through their stable channel.  Jim 
 Why is Buxton upset?  This is good for consumers?  What does he want to change his mind and push this forward?  Wouldn't this just lower the prices to his customers?  Also, this is why we need to be constantly pushing the political message in the states.  Jim 
 Buxton is not a true consumer advocate - I thought that he was the guy who put MECC's together.  We have a relationship with him.  Why not work our magic.  Jim 
  FYI.  Please keep this confidential.  Jim 
 I'm taking Sept 3 off - I think it's Labor Day.  Please also note that I am taking off late in September.  Choose the best date to work through for this.  Jim 
  Pls update my calendar. 
 Pls put on my calendar. 
 John -  Can you please get with Sue?  thx 
 Ask Linda Noske to schedule some time for us to go over.  I think it's great.  Jim 
 Bob --  Let's discuss today.  Jim 
 On what case?  Jim 
 Linda -  Pls work with Brian Redmond's asst to have a meeting with me, him, Jean Ryall, and Becky Cantrell.  Thx. 
 Maybe someone from the Risk Mgmt Working Group would also go?  Jim 
 Jeff --  Please send the invoice to my assistant - Linda Noske - to have her take it through the system.  Her phone number is 713-853-6082.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Do we want to "represent" EPSA on the Friday panel?  Jim 
 Linda --  I thought that Ray set up a daily call regarding the CA and Pacific Northwest Refund litigation at FERC?  It's not on my calendar.  Can you please call Bernadette Hawkins to verify and put on my calendar?  Jim 
 Linda --  Please find out if Gordon, Mary Lynne, and Steve can meet at 2pm to follow-on to our PX Credit discussions?  If it does, please find a room on 47.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Pls keep sending these.  I just didn' t know the case.  Jim 
 Here are my comments given my very short review of the NGA Statement.  18.3.4	Demand Response 	GOOD  18.5	Improving Energy Transmission	OK talks about "equal access for all suppliers" even though says "oppose preemption", indicate a willingness to better coordinate  18.6	Regulatory hard to read if the section on "no preemption of state regulatory authority" is good or bad...we don't argue that our model preempts any authority, only that transmission service is best defined by FERC.  Jim 
 Thane --  You are probably already aware but if not, Enron holds an interest in Project Cornhusker (a QF in Cleburne).  There are some issues that may develop with the plant related to its ability or inability to meet specific ERCOT guidelines.  Generation Investments is managing this asset and relations with Brazos Co-op. Their primary concern is that Mirant is Brazos Co-op's QSE and may be interested in playing games with the plant through modification of ERCOT rules.  Please coordinate with Jean and decide who will call either Rick Hill or Chuck Ward.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Nothing really - he both had the $ to retire and wanted to spend more time with his family.  No "forcing" out.  Jim 
 Jennifer -  I like your #2 and #3 issues for highlighting.  On the issue of fuel diversity, Enron has been somewhat agnostic.  Please draft some comments and share with Tom Hoatson to submit.  Thank you,  Jim 
 What was the explicity capacity ($/kw-mo) component by year for PECO in their stranded cost case?  Feel free to call JR.  Jim 
 Bryan --  Thanks for the info.  I think that a Section 4 would be good to add - who is on each list in a "major" way?  Sort of your analysis of who is the best company to leverage if we are to work a deal?  Jim 
 I have a call into Jean Ryall to discuss.  Agreed that we need to keep our FERC team in the loop.  Jim 
 Bob --  Please be on the next RCR call to update.  See Ginger for time.  Jim 
 Did all of the amendments pass the Appropriations Comm?  When will a new bill get printed?  Jim 
 When: Friday, August 17, 2001 4:30 PM-5:30 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada).  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 Yes.  Also, best to coordinate with Jeff and Sue.  Jim 
 Is it possible for everyone to stay on Rick's Staff meeting (10:30 CST) today to discuss our next steps?  I think that may allow us an opportuntity to set up next steps.  Jim 
 Do you want to go to Las Vegas for this trip?  I love you,  Jim 
 Can we talk about this protest at 3pm (using the last 30 minutes of our call on Market-Power analysis)?  Also, we need to coordinate this activity with some protests that Janine filed in the Ohio PUC about a failure of implementing a fix for the "native load" exception.  Jim 
 Can you get a call in number for 3pm? I want to give to Kerry Stroup and Donna Fulton to discuss AEP NEXT STEPS.  Also in the meeting should be Sarah Novosel, Christi Nicolay, Mike Roan.  Jim 
 Bob & Ray --  Can each of you please put together a short outline of the (a) timeline, (b) key decision points, and (c) potential outcomes of the decision points for the different refund cases?  If possible, having this before today's call would be helpful (but I realize that this may be difficult).  Jim 
 Paul & Alyse --  If we need help, Sarah is interested.  My recollection is that we had filled the slots.  Please let me know.  Jim 
 Linda --  Please work with Jan.  Thx,  Jim 
 Jeff --  Federico is coming to the states to understand how our policymakers deal with the issue of default service.  He is the manager of the Italian default service provider.  Can you please make a presentation next Thursday or Friday about the UI deal?  Thanks,  Jim 
 A couple questions --  1.=09Could the company include distribution wires as well, instead of being= just a transmission only wires? 2.=09How many shares would a divesting company get?  Could this be more tha= t 5%?  If so, wouldn't this be over the "control" threshold?  In general, I fully support this type of action. =20  Jim=09 
 Agree.  Jim 
 Sarah -  I can't open this.  Jim 
 Jeff -  Sue called on Friday late and had some issue with the research report that was to go out.  She didn't give me any details.  How do we get to her to discuss.  Jim 
 What do you guys think?  My idea is to have a short (10 page) presentation that gives a brief update and then make sure that we understand current positions and current projects?  1 hour max.  The four of us would deliver.  Jim 
 Should you be on this service list?  Jim 
 Becky --  Thanks for getting this info.  Jim 
 good info. 
 Linda --  I'd rather not use the first week in October.  I may move my vacation to that week.  Jim 
 Susan --  Can you confirm with the desk?  My recollection is that the combination would make sense?  Also, not sure how this "works" with the testimony we've filed to support natural markets?  Maybe Christi can piece that all together or call TCA and get their read.  Jim 
 Diann --  What's the next step?  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 thanks.  Jim 
 thanks 
 Ok.  Christi --  Please ask each regional RTO heads (all that are being discussed + Mediation) to develop one page memo.  May want a map with current config and a map with FERC model.  Let's plan on doing for September 11 or September 12.  I'll ask Linda Noske to work with Duran's assistant to coordinate.  Also, let's give info on current Interconnection issues.  Finally, Christi, maybe you could develop 5 key regulatory issues.  Jim 
 Janine --  The other thing that I am thinking is that we don't want to file anything at the FERC without a broad coalition.  At the right time (after we understand the facts and our desired outcomes), let's sit down and discuss how to approach FERC.  I think the timing is right to make a cogent, well-defined argument before FERC but we need to sell this to the FERC before the filing and we need to have Enron as a minor player in the fight.  The FERC is looking to help retail markets.  Jim 
 thanks. 
  Any thoughts on the NERC budget?  Jim 
 John --  Do you know when Enron started discussions with these customers?  Jim 
 Janine --  What's the gas delivery tariff on CGE for generation services?  Do they have a standard service?  Do they have a good generator interconnect agreement on the power side?  Jim 
 Sorry.  Pls let me know the outcome.  Jim 
 Dave --  I'll look at today.  Is there an RCR?  Jim 
 I am not attending.  Jim 
 Christi --  Can you please send any and all summaries of the RTO Orders mandating Mediation for NE and SE to Vicki Sharp?  Also, please include any other information that is helpful to understanding these issues.  Thanks,  Jim 
 FYI. 
 I wanted to make sure that everyone is on the same page related to utility costs in California.  These costs may be (will be?) collected  from some utility customer, potentially including direct access customers.   Bucket #1	Utility Undercollection Feb 1, 2000 Through Jan 18, 2001  About $12.0 Billion (this money includes our Negative CTC amounts).  Should be financed through corporate debt.  No securitization.  Enron's Position:	Bundled service on Jan 1, 2001 pays fixed c/kwh  Bucket #2	CDWR Cost from Jan 5, 2001 through Bond Issuance or March 31, 2002  About $12.5 Billion  (about $10 Billion for spot purchases and $2.5 Billion for long-term buys)  Enron's Position:	Dedicated Rate Component (DRC) for all residential and small customers.  Larger customers are assigned direct responsibility for the Undercollection on c/kwh.  Balancing account for holding Utility even.  Bucket #3	Prospective Generation Costs for Bundled Service Post March 31, 2002  URG 	= $40/mwh (retained generation and bilateral contracts) CDWR 	= $120/mwh QF 	= $100/mwh  TOTAL 	= URG*%sales + CDWR*%sales + QF*%sales = $90/mwh   Bucket #4	AB1890 Non-Generation Stranded Costs    Bucket #5	AB1890 Generation Stranded Costs 
 Let me know how this turns out.  If you need a contact, let me know.  Also, everyone should be aware about an aggregation project under Phyllis Anzalone.  EES legal has found a loophole to the time restrictions on electricity contracts and the appropriations risk that we need to check out.  Jim 
 Ray --  Let's discuss on today's Refund call. =20  Jim 
 Pls print and hold for my Thurs meeting.  Thanks,  Jim 
 sounds good. 
 Guys --  I agree that we need to file at FERC.  But we need to also get in the field with a strong message supporting FERC ASAP in the Southeast.  I'd rather go down swinging.  Maybe a least find out the objections of the parties across the region (including PUCs, stakeholders, etc.).  What about building a short schedule?  Maybe coordinate with DC office on key members?  Jim 
 good job. 
 I think this makes alot of sense.  Who would cover PA and NJ at retail - you?  Jim 
 Linda --  Please arrange a good time tomorrow or Thursday to talk with Aleck.  Jim 
 Thanks for doing this.  Jim 
 Probably not.  Thanks.  Jim 
 When: Tuesday, August 21, 2001 4:00 PM-4:30 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: eb47  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  PLEASE ATTEND IF POSSIBLE. 
 Latest information on CPUC Decision --  Commissioner Bilas filed an Alternative Draft for the CPUC that would:  *	hold DA suspension and have the CPUC conduct hearings that would work out details including impact on bonds and phasing ending of DA, *	resolved issues related to credits and payments of Negative CTC, and *	hold hearings dealing with bottoms-up ratemaking for DA.  This is effectively an updated version of the alternate that Bilas put out last time the CPUC considered this issue.  It is a long-shot that this alternative would be approved.  Our current information is still that the CPUC will vote to suspend DA as of Sept 1.  Jim 
 Please see me.  Thx. 
 John --  How about I take the "delay" side for $200?  Jim 
 I think that we should support the effort.  I would not get into the specifics in any region or the specifics of the proceedings.  This should be an opportunity for Enron to "spin" its message - RTOs help us help our customers....  Jim 
 sounds good. 
 Why have exit fees and limit to open enrollment?  Jim 
 Right now I'd let the FERC make that call.  If asked, Enron believes that incorporating Fla into the Southeast makes great sense for Florida consumers - more access to low cost markets, etc.  Why is the fight ours?  Let's keep it alive before FERC but not make it a big push for Enron.  Jim 
 What happened?  Jim 
 John & Louise --  I wanted to make sure that you were aware that FERC has ordered natural gas sellers to provide monthly reporting for transactions relating to California.  We are, of course, seeking for FERC to modify its decision.  Given the politics surrounding California energy markets, it is unlikely that FERC remove in whole the reporting obligation.  Govt Affairs has talked with the West gas team about this new obligation and how we respond.  If you have any questions, please call.  Jim 
 Makes sense.  Jim 
 Please see PG&E response.  Jim 
 Ok.  How about breakfast on Thursday?  Jim 
 Thanks for the info.  Will be in touch.  Jim 
 Jennifer --  Please review and discuss with me if you think there could be "financial" products placed on top of this Utility service - ie, could we get a customer to agree to this and then offer a swap to fix their rate?  Jim 
 Fine with me.  I finish up with an EES Op Comm meeting at about 10am.  Jim 
 Amr-  You may want this.  Jim 
 Is this our responsive testimony?  Jim 
 Becky --  Thanks for the update.  I think that maybe you should take 1 hour to walk through the deregulation history of pipelines?  Maybe INGAA has some nice history?  Jim 
 Amr --  Please take the first stab at two presentations (for each business unit) that would lay out what our key issues and decisionmaking process for these issues.  Jim 
  What do I do?   Jim 
 I am worried if we give the MM "penalty" ability - especially before the fact.  This feels alot like the NYISO implementing some market remedies.  FERC can act quickly to abuse if it is found.  Jim 
 This gets at some of the buckets of $$ that may or may not be charged to DA.  We continue to try and pull together the facts surrounding the potential surcharges to ensure that the book is properly marked.  Jim 
 Hope --  I will be attending the Board Meeting.  Sorry I am so late.  Linda Noske will be finalizing my plans.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Any way to work on (1) moving to 4/1/02?  Jim 
 Steve --  Thanks.  Looks good.  Some thoughts for you to consider:  1.    Not sure that Impact #1 makes sense to present.  No real reason to set CTC = 0 c/kwh on Jan 5 (CalPX was still in operation).  I think that Impact #2 better captures the idea.  Also, probably not good to use the term "CTC Eliminated".  Maybe should say "CTC = 0 c/kwh".  Given the CPUC's March 27 Order, the Utilities have a claim for additional generation related stranded costs until March 31, 2002.  2.     In calculating Impact #2, what did you use as the Jan 19 - Aug baseline?  Did you calculate the hit of ($104.5) from actual bills or based on our DJ Index model (there is a fundamental difference in likelihood based on the baseline)?  Also, I assume that the Feb - Aug timeframe was relatively low because EES and EEMC had most of their load on bundled service.  3.    Probably should discuss in a footnote the different models for PX Credit calculation and most specifically the PG&E Adjustment.  Also, may be interesting to have the $ impact of the PG&E Adjustment (the rate adjustment to re-capture their previous mistake).  I think that this is something we need to go into the CPUC to fight pretty quickly.  4.    Should Impact #4 and Impact #5 apply to SCE's loads?  In column 4 it looks like it does.  SCE is not currently hitting our bills with this surcharge.  5.    Probably better to model Impact #5 as of Oct 1 not Sept 1.  6.    Can you break out the volumes for "vintage" contracts versus "retail gen with passthru" contracts?  You haven't shown anything for (a) Utility Undercollection costs or (b) CDWR bond fees.  These costs may hit our vintage contracts.  Jim 
  Pls work into my calendar.  Jim 
 I'd be happy to come to the meeting on Sept 5.  I'd rather stay close to the bldg for the reception.  Jim 
 John --  Look at the letter from CAEM below.  They want us to sign on.  Not sure that Enron adding its name is the best idea.  Also, are the sections listed the right ones?  Maybe we can change this without our name.  Jim 
 Please process this request.  Jim 
 Susan --  Please take the lead on coordinating our response.  Thanks. 
 Paul --  How is everything going?  Wanted to make sure that I hadn't been unresponsive to the project.  Anything critical that you need from me?  Please let me know.  Jim 
 Agree.  Would be good to have the utilities' answer in graphic form (17+ RTOs) versus FERC's model on a side-by-side.  Discussion of the TCA work on natural markets to support FERC.  Jim 
   Please give me your comments before the meeting.  Jim 
  FYI 
 Hey,  maybe here for our anniversary.  Jim 
 thanks. 
 Thanks.  By the way, it is only a "suggestion".  I know that I can push pretty hard at times but it's only because I believe that both of you can handle it.  You're both doing fabulous jobs.  Of everything going on, I never worry about the NE and SE RTO mediations because I know that you guys are going to get everything possible for Enron.  Keep up the great job!!!!  Thanks for everything,  Jim 
 Cool.  Sending messages in real-time.  Jim 
 Linda --  Pls print out for me. Thx. 
  FYI.  California is playing games with the market again.  Jim 
 Sweetie --  Here is the address.  Scott Karro 200 West 26th Street Apt. PHJ New York, NY  10001  I love you.  Jim 
 Info on the SCE response.  Jim 
 I wanted to make sure that you had seen the language Jeff references that 1) explicitly recognize the PX Credit as part of Edison's undercollection, and 2) permit Edison to pay debts associated with the negative PX credit  in the earlier e-mail.  Call me with any questions.  Jim 
 Jim --  I was wondering if you would like to meet with Alan Comnes and me to discuss your thoughts on market power mitigation on Thursday, Sept 13 at 7:30am in DC?  Let me know.  Alan and I are in DC for some other discussions.  Jim 
 Eric --  Please give me a call.  I would probably recommend that you sign a new contract with Dick given that we did not intend to renew his option year.  Jim 
 FYI 
 I agree with Bob that the reporting issues are important.  I also think that focusing on the "lessons learned" from the NE RTO and SE RTO mediation would be interesting.  Have people from different industry groups discussing their views of where the mediations concluded (assuming we are finished by October).  Any outstanding issues between EPSA members and between EPSA and other parts of the industry could be discussed.  Thanks,  Jim 
 No truth from what I know. 
  A couple of points --  1.	The language in the relief indicates that we are trying to "determine the validity and amount of PX Credits owed to EES and EEMC".  Is this correct?  Isn't our primary goal in this complaint to (a) have the Utility return the net credit to our bills and (b) to allow for recoupment againts all non-generation related charges?  2.	Throughout the document the idea of "T&D charges" is used.  I assume that this is shorthand for all non-generation related charges?  We pay CTC and public purpose costs as well as T&D.  3.	Not sure if CPUC regulates the ESPs.  The filing makes this case in the first paragraph.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Fine.  Dick and I have worked out exactly the hours for my group that he will work through mid-Oct.  Why not have Dick submit his charges for your group directly to your assistant?  Bernadette is in DC and having these charges running around the country may cause great confusion.  Finally, since I have not looked at his contract lately, I assume that in using this contract to move forward immediately we are not creating any other obligations with Dick?  Thanks,  Jim 
  Way to go!!!  Jim 
 I was wondering if someone from our trading desk would take the lead?  Not necessarily someone from Govt Affairs.  Jim 
 Are we ready?  I thought that we were still moving through the process.  Jim 
 Lisa -  I would recommend that you send Mike Day the language to clarify #3.  Jim 
  Alan --  Here is the original note for your update.  Jim 
 Lynne --  This appears fine.  Thanks.  Jim 
 Pat --  Please keep Jean Ryall and Thane Twiggs in the loop on these activities.  Specifically, they need to let the desk know before we take any formal actions.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Harry -- Can you please review and provide input on comments?  Especially a= s it relates to keeping open the San Diego market. =20 Jim 
  See last bill.  Jim 
 Jennifer --  Can you get a copy of the SBX2 1 and provide short synopsis?  Thanks,  Jim 
 Janel got something on this from PRI.  Not sure about how much media it got.  Jim 
 A short analysis that indicates who would face the brunt of this bill (Enron?) and the mechanism ($/mwh or % of income)?  Jim 
 Donna & Becky --  Do you have any good points of reference on the history of natural gas restructuring?  Jim 
 I've sent out some feelers on a good book.  I'll look around my desk etc.  Jim 
 I didn't calendar (or at least I don't remeber).  When will this happen?  Jim 
 Call Ozzie Pagan.  Jim 
 Lamar --  I have received the list of the clients from John McMullen.  The key push is Legislative and AReM PR is not involved.  We need the customers to call the Gov and key Legislators.  Jim 
 Dave --  With EES' push into serving smaller customers, the issues in this situation -- potential affiliate abuse and unfair sharing of information -- will become more important.  When EES focused on national outsourcing, this was less an issue because our products crossed many jurisdictions.  This issue, of course, is especially important in recently opened or opening markets as the affiliates try and secure large market share.  We are also watching for these activities in places like MI, VA, and OH.  Jim 
 We need to let Jeff Richter and Tim Belden understand the implications of this for current book of business.  Jim 
 Vicki --  Along with everything else, this bill continues to be discussed.  We don't think this is a high probability, but wanted you to be aware (and more importantly, this is California).  I'll keep you up to date.  Jim 
 Jason --  Dinner is at 5pm at the house.  We are catering from Eatzi's.  Casual dress is preferred.  See you then.  Jim 
 Janine --  If we have draft tariff language, I'd push pretty hard.  Jim 
 I will be setting up a conference call for later today to discuss our latest view on developments in the California market.  If anyone has any specific questions before then, please call me at 713-853-7673.  Jim 
 We need a model for the entire Midwest independent of the ability to change= .  Jim 
 2pm works for me.  Jim 
  FYI.  It would be helpful for you to be on this call.  Jim 
 The meeting to discuss California issues today has been set at:  12:00 noon - 1:00 p.m. EB 8C1  Dial-in #:  1-847-413-3181 Passcode:  7816787 
 Here is another file. 
  FYI 
 FYI 
  FYI.  Please coordinate going forward with EPSA.  Jim 
  Here is the Proposed Decision.  Appreciate any thoughts you have on how to fight or when.  Jim 
 Bob --  Pls send Alan the overviews you and Ray put together earlier - thanks.  Jim 
 Bob --  Pls update me with all parties Ripple claims on this afternoon's call - Alan you should get on (4:30 Houston time).  Jim 
 I want to do this today.  Jim 
 Angie -  I will be traveling and unable to attend.  Hope everyone has a great time.  Jim 
 scary. 
 Sue --  What were the figures for the two months prior?  Jim 
 Should we include Becky Cantrell on these calls?  Jim 
 I don't understand why you were denied access.  Did we improperly file?  Call me. 
 Amr & Janel --  Please add these people to your lists.  Jim 
 Richard, etal  --  Attached is the complaint that EES intends to file tomorrow against SCE related to the recoupment of our Negative CTC.  As you aware, after returning our customers to DA recently, our billing department was expecting that the past Negative CTCs would be returned to our customer's accounts - this has not happened nor after conversations with SCE will it occur.  This complaint is the next step in the process of attempting to recoup these funds.  Primarily EES does not want to pay for Utility charges for our customers while an outstanding Negative CTC balance is due.  One key risk with filing this Complaint is that SCE may consolidate this case with the earlier Complaint that is currently on hold.  Probably not too big of a downside.  We will be paying the bills into the CPUC for holding until the resolution of the Complaint.  Any questions or issues please let me know.  Jim 
 I'll discuss tomorrow with Bob.  Jim 
 David --  I will cover for meeting and let you know if anything happens.  Jim 
 I plan on attending.  Jim Steffes 
 Sarah --  Two issues that we should work on -- First Energy discusses CBM (not sure of their position) and MAPSA deals with ICAP.  My recollection is that ICAP will not be addressed at this time?  Seems to me that we should  try and propose some resolution or at a minimum a separate proceeding to mediate this issue before 1/1/03?  What do you think?  On CBM, now is the time for FERC to get rid of this discriminatory practice.  Jim 
 This is the list of the parties opposing the NERTO and their arguments.  Jim 
 My only addition would be to strengthen the answer to #5 - RTOs, even if fo= rmed, do not explicity resolve the question of the Native Load Exception.  = I think that this is critical to highlight if this issued is raised. =20 Jim 
 sounds good. 
 Harry --  I think that this makes alot of sense.  I like working through AReM on this= as much as possible. =20 =20 When is the next deadline? =20 Jim 
 Please arrange on my schedule.  Jim 
  John -  I think that Sue is still on vacation.  Jeff may be able to help.  Jim 
 Bob --  When should we file our complaint at the CPUC?  Jim 
 I wanted IR and PR to be aware that within the next few days  the PG&E Bankruptcy team will file with the Judge Enron's current claim.  We intend to ask the Judge to Lift the Stay so that we can file at the CPUC a complaint to recoup our current receivable.  I'm not sure what our public statements have been and as soon as we prepare the filing, I'll let you know.  If anyone has any questions, please give me a call.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Jamie --  Thank you for keeping me in the loop on your activities.  While I am always supportive of more public statements pushing competition, neither I nor Enron can sign on to the letter.  First, I am concerned that having Enron sign on will distract from your messages.  Enron is a "hot button" in DC and will change the proper focus.  In addition, I would argue that the recommendation for a national commission is out of place with the current timing of FERC and Congressional action -- which is imminent -- while a commission would delay action on the Hill and at FERC, thus supporting the forces against competition.  Let's not study this too much - we know what to do.  Move away from the commission.  Also, I'm not sure how providing federal grant money only to states that promote competition supports our efforts.  Making GA pay for PA is a distraction from the main fights at FERC and on the Hill.  Finally, I would guess that more funds to FERC and other agencies will only be used to increase enforcement against those in the industry.  While Enron wants markets that work well, the core problem is that we haven't deregulated enough - not that markets aren't working.  Also, I don't know where the recommendation numbers from the Bush/Cheney plan came from -- I think it was an earlier document -- there are no such numbers in the final printed version of the report that I have.  If you want to talk, please let me know.  Thanks,  Jim 
  Are we sending anyone?  Jim 
 Amr --  I'd like this as well.  Jim 
 With everything else going on, it has been hard to develop the monthly report for ENA management.  I'd like to re-start this report and provide an update at the beginning of September.  While I am aware of some efforts, I am sure that I don't know about everything that is critical and on-going.  I need get a list of projects that your teams are working on for Deal Support, Regulatory Risk, and Advocacy.  I am truly at a loss for current deals that Government Affairs is supporting and our expectation of closing dates.  For each project, I need lead Government Affairs person, financial impact (our your best guess), background and key issues, and strategies and next steps.  This list does not need to be exhaustive, but simply the major activities currently underway.  Thanks - I appreciate your help,  Jim 
 I am not sure if we have a claim to "PX Credits".  Our claim is to the negative residual of Bundled less the PX Credit = Negative CTC.  Jim 
 Ray --  FYI.  Some information on how we are talking about the claims in the Bankrupcty case.  Jim 
  Include on the report.  Jim 
 It's on my calendar.  Unless I need to be in California, I'll go to DC.  Jim 
 Janel --  This paper has two great maps that highlight the Utilities' model for RTOs = and the FERC's current proposal.  Would be great to build this into some DC= and other political coverage.  Jim 
 Did our $MM Supreme Court attorneys have any heartburn?  Jim 
 Here is the file.  While there are some quotes, remember that the analytics were never taken to the final decimal.  We were mainly trying to make a political point.  Jim 
 Jean --  What is Doug going to say?  Do we have the right messages?  What about the retail issues in Texas?  Have we considered these?  Jim 
 Vicki & Evan --  Please see the e-mail trail below.  The PAPUC has assessed EES $147,000 for its costs.  We intend to protest.  Do you have any idea of who this bill would go to?  Jim 
 Tom --  There does appear to be some intelligence gathering going on at the CPUC.  You should speak with legal about the inquiry.  Clearly the CPUC has a right to ask anything they want - it is my understanding is that our customers have a confidentiality clause in their contract that prohibits them from responding.  Jim 
 Linda --  Can you please get a copy of the report below "Spending Wisely on Private Hubs" for me?  If it costs $$, I don't want it.  Thanks.  Jim 
 Jennifer -  Please make sure that Vicki gets regular updates of both bills.  Thanks.  Jim 
 Christi --  Fine work. Looks like we are moving forward in the SE.  A couple of discussion points.    I am still not so much in love the LMP as this paper makes it seem you are (I don't believe there is a perfect solution).  Also, the document is not consistent relating to Control Area consolidation.  For instance, the issue around CA or RTO with tagging makes no sense if there is only one CA - the RTO.  This is important to highlight to the ALJ.  The easiest way to solve the problem is to do away with the archaic systems of the old world.  Also, I still don't fully understand why we are happy that the SAC gets to pick the IMA.  I personally despise the concept of a SAC - never has worked when times get tough.  Also, no real discussion (or maybe I missed) of timing to implement - next phase?  Anyway, great work in the mediation.  Keep pushing these guys from the South.  Thanks,  Jim 
  Jeff --  See below.  Does this fit into Mary's responsibilities?  Let me know.  Jim 
 Thought you should see this.  Jim 
 Should we talk about the implications for the PX Credit given this PD?  I am guessing that this would significantly alter the calculation for PG&E - moving DWR from $60 to $140.  Do we want to file comments on how this should than resolve the PX Credit process?  Jim 
 I wanted to re-confirm that you are covering?  Thanks,  Jim 
 Please set up a meeting on Monday with Becky.  Thanks 
 This guy runs a small think tank / TV and radio program that tries to push competitive ideas.  He is very pro telecom and energy dereg.  Not sure if this is something that makes alot of sense for Enron, but thought I'd get your spin.  I'll follow up with you.  Jim 
 Thanks for the material.  I am discussing internally.  Will keep confidential.  Jim 
 Good info.  I like the Reg Orig plays.  Amr should track our success.  Jim 
 Jim --  I'll be staying downtown.  Once I finalize my plans, I'll get in touch to finalize our meeting.  You're right about our thinking - probably just to get a feel for some ideas, nothing formal.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Lisa --  I don't have any funds for this.  Sorry.  Jim 
 Jose - thanks.  Also, feel free to send to JoAnn Hill in Houston.  Jim 
  For the report. 
 Susan --  Please put in an RCR to discuss ASAP (probably next week).  I think that the key issue involves the inclusion of financial transactions.  Need a solid message from industry that this is inappropriate - which EPSA members are filing this info?  Jim 
 Some thoughts from Bob Williams.  Jim 
 Please let the right person know that I will be on vacation.  Jim 
 Thanks.  Fully agree.  I figure Sarah's already committed to #2.  Jim 
 Charles --  After our conversation today, I thought that I'd outline some Q&A topics for you to consider --  1.	How does NERC define "security"? (important to differentiate between national security and system security). 2.	What is NERC's role in national security? 3.	Will RTOs degrade national security?  system security? 4.	What does Enron think about calls to restrict access to network information such as transmission maps? 5.	Does Enron oppose additional emphasis on securing electricity infrastructure?  This Q&A should not be released to the public.  I think this is just to make sure that all of Govt Affairs is on the same page and our DC team has good answers to hard questions.  Thanks. 
 Guys --  We need to quickly put together some talking points on how to respond to AEP's request for delay until 2003.  My understanding is that AEP in Texas is wholly outside of ERCOT (if wrong - please inform).  AEP needs only to file a good amendment to the FERC OATT (or SPP needs to do it for them) ASAP.  My basic model for provisioning of energy for retail competition in non-ERCOT Texas is that delivery to the border of the OATT provider (for instance delivering a into-Entergy product into Arkansas and paying for losses would be sufficient for delivery into the Woodlands).  Jean was going to call Luiz to get this issue on the burner.  Thanks 
 I'm on my way to DC.  Please ask my asst to set a good time to call with you on Wed.  Thanks 
 Unless Jean hears otherwise, I don't think that Enron needs to be doing anything that conflicts with the key policy arrangement on the marketer being the customer of record for the T&D services.  Jim 
 What does Mike Roan think??  Also, will they help pay for our "natural market study" in the SE??  Jim 
 Ray --  Wanted to make sure that you had seen the note Sanders sent around?  I think that we should discuss today on the 4:30 call.  Jim 
 Lisa --  Give me a call about this and Item #1 below.  Jim 
 Please print and ensure that Jose Bestard has this info.  Jim 
 Have we done my travel for NERC meeting in Vancouver?  Jim 
 Looks good.  Why doesn't EPSA propose a timeline for the FERC to order?  This could be a signal that we only want one "rule change" date.  Also, maybe we can build in Kevin's argument about uncertainty hurting liquidity and market dynamics right now.  Jim 
  The statements.  Jim 
 Rick --  You indicated that NERC disavowed their discussions with the press about national security and RTOs to NB (I may have misheard you).  I think these attachments would prove otherwise.  Finally, I'm sure that RJ Rudden is just fronting for Southern.  Jim 
 Paul --  Can we have a phone call with our Reg team on Friday to make sure that everything is a-ok?  I want one final run through.  If yes, please let me know by phone and I'll ask Linda Noske to set up the call.  Also, I owe you a call on Sue / Jeff.  Are you in Thurs?  Jim 
 Here is my proposed budget.  Jim 
 Mike Roan and Tom Hoatson would be the best.  Jim 
 Lynnette --  Please talk with Pat Keene about Nevada.  Some customers will have access.  Jim 
 Please make sure this discussion is incorporated into the Monthly Report 
 This is a non-ERCOT Texas utility.  Jim 
 Rick --  Belden is in Houston next Wednesday and a number of the Western team is going to visit with him about current status and issues.  Also, he wants to get more info on the PJM model.  Congress has re-scheduled the hearing on Reliability for the same time.  Can you attend the Belden meeting in Houston (Presto is coming for the PJM model discussion)?  Jim 
 Dave --  Do we have a strong preference for what DSTAR utilities should do?  I think that we want to communicate with OMTR and others at FERC to push a single RTO in the West (leaving CA) outside.  Also, having the Transco originally within the RTO West makes alot of operational sense and should not limit the economics of the Transco.  Jim 
  Rick --  Please see attached.  Lot's of $$ from CA.  Jim 
 Thanks Dave.  The critical things for us to take-away are the key priorities for the Desk moving forward.  On this, I want to make sure that Kevin and Tim are comfortable with the evolving process of implementing RTOs - Option 1: wait till completely ready or Option 2: start with basic and "improve".  Thanks,  Jim 
 Becky --  My only question is one of emphasis.  Are points 3&4 the key for Barry T.?  If so, should we move them up higher?  Also, why the very lenghthy discussion of pooling points?  The length makes the points after that discussion hard to appreciate.  Maybe a list of bullet points up front?  Jim 
 Should we add a Project titled "Interconnection NOPR" for Susan Lindberg?  Jim 
 Susan --  Can we sit down tomorrow or Monday for 30 minutes to discuss.  Maybe at 11am Friday.  Want to get an idea of the timing and our position.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Please put on my calendar and arrange travel/hotel.  Thanks 
 Rick --  I see that Amr has taken over the Fundamentals Group.  The fiefdom grows!!!!  Jim 
 Ray --  I think that this is about the CalPX bankruptcy.  Any issues?  Can you please get with PGE to make sure we are on the same page?  Jim 
 Mary --  As we discussed, please find a list of our project team leads on on-going wholesale matters.  Thanks,  Jim 713-853-7673 
 Could you please find out what group Carlos works with and pass him some information?  Thanks,  Jim 
 Info you wanted.  Jim 
 Thanks for the info.  Not sure what we're doing.  I'll pass this along.  Jim 
 Please consider this candidate for the position.  Jim 
 Probably want to talk with Jay Lewis and other product leads?  I'll get some names.  Jim 
 Did you attend?  Did we file comments?  Jim 
 Thanks for the info.  We need to push for other good load programs in PJM a= nd New England.  Jim 
 Before I send this Louise, I'd like your thoughts.  The element that drives the EA # higher than I would have thought is the large number of people who are working on RTO and NERC only matters.  I've made a decision to assign these people to EA rather than spread to EES.  I could change if you think appropriate.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Lisa -  Please include G. Canovas in these discussions going forward.  Thanks. 
 Any other news?  Jim 
 Sure.  Jim 
 I think it's a fair statement that Enron doesn't currently support the Bart= on language.  On this issue, I would argue that any penalty imposed should = remain the purview of FERC and its procedures.  Jim 
 Mike --  Let's discuss.  I don't want to overextend our involvement to all regional reliability councils and all working groups. If the MAPP RTC is critical, let's understand why and staff as best we can.  Jim 
 Jim --  Do have a final copy for my files?  I assume that we submitted?  Jim 
 I agree with John Shelk to not attack the CBO report.  While the CBO again and again relies upon academic studies to state that ge= nerators "may" have withheld power, the basic argument is that "DEREGULATIO= N ITSELF NOT FAIL; RATHER, IT WAS NEVER ACHEIVED."   In addition, the paper= states that "MUCH OF THE BLAME FOR CALIFORNIA'S ELECTRICITY CRISIS ATTACHE= S TO THE STATE'S RESTRUCTURING PLAN -- BUT NOT TO ITS OBJECTIVE, ELECTRICIT= Y DEREGULATION."  In addition, California's response of "DIRECTLY INTERVENING IN THE MARKET -= - A RESPONSE THAT COULD PROVE COSTLY TO ELECTRICITY CONSUMERS AND TAXPAYERS= ."  I hope that we can use this to persuade FERC that they are missing the boat= on the Refund case.  The CBO has now stated publicly that the fundamental = market conditions and the State's poor plan and actions created the financi= al and political crisis.  The CBO finds that "WHOLESALE ELECTRICITY PRICES = WERE HIGHER THAN THEY PROBABLY WOULD HAVE BEEN IN A TRADITIONALLY REGULATED= MARKET OR A MORE FULLY DEREGULATED MARKET"..because "FEATURES OF THE RESTR= UCTURING PLAN LIMITED THE RESPONSIVENESS OF THE SUPPLY AND DEMAND SIDES OF = THE ELECTRICITY MARKET."  Seems to me that we need to devise a strategy to get this message out (toge= ther with our details of the policy failures).  This CBO report clearly und= ercuts the "political" arguments of the Davis administration who had every = opportunity to fix the plan and who has now not only bought into horrible l= ong-term contracts but has passed through 100% of the high costs to consume= rs.  Jim=20 
 Today after the Hearing I attended lunch with John Anderson and Phil Harris.  One of the primary points of discussion involved what to do to respond to the NERC legislative efforts?  Basically we agreed that a straightforward delegation of authority over reliability to FERC made sense for all of the groups.  Agreeing to that, the idea is to review the Bingaman language and see if our groups could agree to that language.  I think that internally Enron is already there???  John Shelk, if you could pls send out the language to everyone on this e-mail to get agreement that would be very helpful.  I'll let you know how we next proceed.  If anyone has any problems, please let me know.  Thanks. 
  Lisa --  Who should I send this guy to?  Tim Battaglia?  Thanks. 
 Lisa --  I haven't forgotten about trying to find a name.  Was on vacation in early October.  I will ask around for the right name.  Hope Roger and you are doing well.  Grace is keeping Marianna and me very busy - she's now 19 months and pretty much runs the whole house.  Talk with you soon,  Jim 
 Sarah & Christi --  Let's make sure that we get our comments together prior to the phone call.  How about a phone call at 8:30 am CDT on Friday?  Also, probably don't need everyone on the EPSA call so maybe we should organize our participation?  Pls let me know.  Jim 
 Bryan --  a.	A good resource for you. b.	Also, if anything is intersting, may want to add.  Key would be MI, NV, and VA discussions.  Jim 
  Pls include on the report.  Jim 
 Do you want to do this?  Jim 
 Pls include on the Monthly Report 
 Pls incorporate as appropriate into our presentation.  Jim 
 I will be out of town. 
 Here are the other files.  Jim 
 Per our conversation today --  1.	Sue Mara is working with AReM to (a) work on an alternative vehicle for DA - the Bowen bill, (b) get the "taking" argument for retroactive CPUC action to Norm Plotkin and Richard Katz, (c) call APS Energy Services to motivate Boeing, (d) getting AReM active on the date issue.  By the way, Sue Mara heard that the CPUC has received "hundreds" of letters related to the CPUC decision.  2.	Everyone should be working to get customers focused on messaging to the (a) Governor's office and (b) trade associations.  KEY MESSAGES:	1.	Don't have the CPUC Make Wrong Decision Tomorrow 2.	SB78 can work if DA Suspension Date = Sept 1.01 or Later 3.	Setting this DA Suspension Date Does NOT Mean that Customers Will Escape Fair Surcharges  I am putting together a gameplan right now for who to call and the messages.  3.	I called Sandra Yamane (at Marathon Communications) re: CEO contacts.  Once I receive the list, we'll make a decision on how to proceed with that group.  4.	Hedy is working to get Hertzberg (and any others) to call the CPUC and seek another delay.  5.	Mike Day - can you please draft language to use on the Assembly floor to "fix" SB78 per our interests.  Hedy & Bev, who should support the amendment?  Don't we need a member to carry the provision?  Wouldn't it be better if we had CMTA or the CA Restaurant Association?  Is this possible?  6.	Scott Govenar is calling Boeing's lobbyist to get them "interested".  Thanks everybody.  Keep up the great work!!!  Jim 
