est for him!   Thanks again,  -Joe 
 This one too.. 
 This was sent last night.... 
 Jonda,  I understand Mr. Fullenweider has meeting but after what Tonya put me and my family through last week we would like some answers and action.  I have cut off all communication with her and now she is sending me emails (trying to act like nothing happened) I'm sure her lawyer is telling her to do that so she can say she has been keeping me informed of my son. (I will forward them to you)  I am very upset and I'm sure you can understand why, I really think there is something really wrong ( I just have that feeling or she is mentally unstable )  How can she be aloud to keep me from my son?  Anyway,  If I can't meet with Mr. Fullenwerider can you and I meet to go over the discovery responses and does this mean were going to a jury trial?  Why are they aloud to ask these questions and are we doing the something to Tonya?  I don't understand....  I can't get out of leaving on Thursday, this is a business meeting for work (not pleasure)  I can come Today, Tuesday and Wednesday anytime after 3:30.  I hope that helps  Thanks again,  -Joe 
 Good Morning Jonda,  I would like to met with Mr. Fullenweider today if that is possible?  I'm going out of town Thursday thru Sunday of this week.  I think it is very important that I speak with him as soon as possible.  Please let me know if today is good for him.  Thanks again,  -Joe 
   It is a tragedy that innocent people have lost > their lives to acts of war and terrorism. To > those who have been directly affected, we are > here for you and we mourn with you. We pray for > the victims and their families, and all the > children that have lost a parent. If you receive > this, please pass > it on in hopes that it will reach the families > who were deeply impacted by this tragedy to let > them know that we are here praying for you and > thinking > of you. Copy, paste, add your name and location, > and send along. > Thank you. > > 1. Katrina Prichard, Camden, SC > 2. Wes Prichard, Camden, SC > 3. Micah Prich