al products with us in power initially until we receive our physical license.  Could you get back to me before 2:30pm today?  Thanks,  Fletch Sturm 
 Let's meet today at 2:30pm if that's ok with you and the other guys including Larry and Maria.  I'll book it upstairs here and provide you with the room#.  Fletch  TJ,  Could you please book a room for 7 and reply?  Thanks, who is? 
 Rika,  What time is the meeting again on Fri?  10am or 10:30am?  Fletch 
 Hi!  Haven't been able to get a hold of you today on cell or at home...  I'm going over to the Front-Porch for a game of Golden Tee before heading home.  I'll be on my cell in about 15-20 min.  ILY 
 Your REGION  Geographical Boundary:  Fuel Sources  (Pipelines, Terminals, NG/FO2/FO6 storage, Rivers): ?        Coal:  (conversion factor, supply source) ?        NG:   (pipelines, basis to Henry Hub) ?        FO2/FO6:  (conversion factor, supply source, correlation to CL)  Load Mix: ?        Residential / Commercial ?        Industrial  Stack: ?        Nuke (tot. mw and % of tot. stack, marginal load/cost) ?        Coal (same as above) ?        NG (same as above) ?        FO2/FO6 (same as above) ?        Hydro  Historical Outage Cycles: ?        Nuke, Coal, NG, FO2/FO6  Seasonal Interchange: ?        Import (avg. daily mw and where) ?        Export (same as above)  Top 5 Largest Utilities/Operators: ?        Service Territory (within this region) ?        Stack ?        Load Mix  Top 5 Largest Merchant Generators: ?        Plant Locations/types  Attach historical load and MWDaily price sheet as last page for most actively traded hub in this region 
 All,  The unofficial word on the street is that deal closing is slated for Feb 7 and UBSWenergy launch is Feb 11.  Our intention is to launch financial products only for our regions beginning with Summer '02 through Cal '03.  As we are successful in signing up counterparties to reach a critical mass, we'll be adding products that are closer to the front of the curve (less correlated to NG.)  We need to do this to protect ourselves from "ambushes" by single parties when we don't have a critical mass of players that we can lay risk off with.  Please note that, as a result, we may "only" have a couple of more weeks to play with in terms of studying up and refreshing ourselves on the fundamentals in our respective regions.  Therefore, I'd like each of you to fill-in the information listed on the attached document for the region listed by your name.  Feel free to use any resources you need (fundies, etc.) and have them finished by next Thurs. (2/7).  Someone please nominate yourself to format each paper in the same manner and have them all put together in one binder nice and pretty.  Have a goodie.  Flet  ECAR (Cinergy) - Krugh MAIN (ComEd) - Ave' SERC (TVA) - Jackie SERC (SOCO) - Twisty SPP (ENT) - New Boy 
 Hi...hope tennis went well.  Hopefully calling Frank Morello after this...anyway, Bill Nielsen's # is (281) 583-2937w  (281) 744-4150cell  ILY  p.s.  what did you think of Atlantis, other than fear of flying? 
 Mike,  I've talked with Kevin about adding another term-trading position position on my desk (TVA, the one we spoke about), and we're still not sure at this stage if that's the best place to allocate talent just yet.  For sure, when business is up to the level it was before the crash last year, that's definitely somewhere we'll need to add, but for right now we're still assessing.  As I said before, the dust is still settling (i.e. shuffling people and positions) so I still need a couple more days to see what the best fit for you might be.  Thanks,  Fletch 
 Dan,  Tomcat's a good guy who's eager to work his way up on an energy trading floor.  Thanks for your help on that.  I'm looking forward to buying you a few beers when you come down again.  Fletch 
 Victoria,  Sorry I haven't been able to contact you by phone, but will try today.  Can you provide me with a list of the services and fee structures in place with Enron?  I'd like to see what we had before so I can compare with what we'll need going forward.  Fletch 
 Mike,  We're still letting the dust settle up here.  Hunter may want to talk with you upon review of your resume.  Either way, I'll get back to you soon.  Thanks,  Fletch 
 Fellas,  Presto has asked me to be the contact to Allan Stewart at PIRA with regard to setting up an arrangement for their consulting services.  I'm currently having information-gathering discussions over services and fees for both gas and power, in both the east and west.  In order to fully incorporate everyone's needs into our arrangement with PIRA, I'll be contacting you this week to gather requests.  Or, if you know what you need, please just reply to me with the specific information.  Thanks,  Fletch 
 Allan,  My name is Fletch Sturm, formerly with the wholesale trading group at Enron, now UBS Warburg Energy.  I worked closely with Rogers Herndon in East Power for most of last year (you might remember me) and wanted to see if we could begin some sort of dialog in terms of an agreement to retain your services here at UBS.  Kevin Presto has asked me to be the main contact to you on behalf of perhaps both the gas and power tading groups.  I look forward to discussing this arrangement with you further at your earliest convenience.  My contact information is as follows:  Fletcher J. Sturm Executive Director UBS Warburg Energy (713) 853-9684 work (713) 562-4207 cell fsturm@enron.com  (temporary)  Thanks,  Fletch 
 Hunt,  Attached is Mike Bridges' resume.  I talked with him on Fri. and mentioned you might want to talk with him as well.  I don't love him, but could use him if the best fit is East Power.  Flet 
 Mike,  You must not have received my earlier reply in time...I have another meeting right now (10:30am), so can't meet until tomorrow.  I'll call you an hour before I'm available in the morning.  Fletch 
 Mike,  Let's meet this a.m. 9:30.  I'm on the trading floor in the new building 6th floor.  Fletch 
 please send this to Tamara Jae Black for approval  Fletch Sturm 
 I will be out of the office on Wednesday, February 6, and I will be returning on Thursday, February 7.  If you need immediate assistance, please contact Andrea Dahlke at 345-4080. 
 Lloyd/Rika,  Kevin has asked me to be the commercial lead on continuing and expediting the development of the system for the traders that provided real-time pricing, curve shift, positions, etc. that was in the works last year.  Could you please provide me with the names of the IT people I need to contact and/or the lead on the project?  Thanks,  Fletch 
 Greg,  Wow!  What a deal!  I just wanted to thank you again for everything these past few months.  I can only imagine the toll all of this has taken on you and your family.  Everyone is very excited about the opportunity you and Hutch' have given us and we're confident we'll be successful.  Thanks again and good luck to us all!  Fletch 
 Mike,  John Lavorato forwarded an e-mail to me sent by you requesting information on opportunities in trading at UBS.  I'd very much like to talk with you again if you're interested in East Power.  If you're interested, please send your resume to me and let me know if you could meet tomorrow (Fri. 1/25).  We're making personnel decisions here by the hour and I'd like to hear from you as soon as possible.  Thanks,  Fletch 
 All,  Please plan to attend a welcome and overview meeting presented by UBS senior management on Wed. 1/23/02.  The actual meeting is from 10:00am (sharp) - 1:00pm (hopefully just as sharp :) at The Houstonian Hotel on N. Post Oak Ln. at Woodway.  Breakfast munchies will be served at 9am for those of you who think you are as hungry as I am in the morning.  I will be going straight to the meeting from home the morning of, so if you need me call my cell at 713-562-4207.  Thanks,  Fletch  p.s.  if you know of other former Enron employees that have signed up with UBS and do not know about this meeting, please spread the word. 
 Tomcat,  Sorry it's taken so long, but finally made contact with a guy at Williams regarding your interest.  His name is Michael Westbrock and he's the term ComEd trader.  I just forwarded your resume to him after speaking with him over the phone.  His e-mail is michael.westbrock@williams.com and his phone # is (918) 573-8752.  He said feel free to follow up with him directly later this week after he's had time to look into it.  Good luck,  Fletch 
 Amy,  If it's not too late, would you please give Mike Carson a copy of his executed document to him?  Thanks.  He forgot to make a copy.  Fletch 
 Kevin,  Put Russell down as 100%.  He's in San Antonio this weekend with his visiting brothers and unfortunately, his contract is here in Houston.  I talked to him last night and he had Jeannie Sloan fax his doc to the hotel and he assured me he'd review it then or first thing this a.m.  I'm sure he'll find the language acceptable since it's merely a 30-day evergreen.  As for additional $'s, I personally guaranteed him $10k and gave him 50-50 odds on the 1-year contract we talked about yesterday.  He's in either way.  I also called Suarez yesterday and left a message, but haven't heard back yet.  I'll lob another call in this morning around 10am.  Did you receive a faxed signature copy from Carson yesterday/this a.m.?  Flet 
 TJ, I don't know what my ID and password are for this thing.  Could you help?  Thanks, Fletch 
 Please plan to attend a meeting today at 1pm to discuss the UBS transaction and what it means to our operation.  TJ will reply with the room information.  Thanks,  Fletch 
 Danielle,  Could you please tell whoever was coming to give me the Kobra lesson at 1:30 that I need to move it to 2:30?  Thanks,  Fletch 
 Dad,  Thought you might find this interesting (read: confusing)!  It's publicly available on the net, so it's ok.  How many other companies are going to come forward with their problems or get in deeper trying to "quietly" clean them up?  Fletch 
 T-  This dosn't mention anything about an "adapter" for the CD, just battery.  I think your girl's on dope.  F 
 __________________________ Name   ENRON NORTH AMERICA CORP. ___________________________________________ QUESTIONNAIRE FOR DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Enron North America Corp. (the "Company") is circulating this Questionnaire to directors and officers of the Company to develop and verify information that will be used in connection with the sale by the Company of all of the ta