lication error that was incorrectly populating deals that flow over 4/1/01 - the first of day of Daylight Savings Time. Duong said the error has since been fixed. But for the incorrect deals, we had to go in and change all the strips back to PPT and re-save the deals so the time zones would populate correctly. Hope this doesn't cause too much confusion - but nothing should change other than that the MWH will be flowing on the correct hours now. Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   03/27/2001 02:59 PM 
 A heads up -  The Forward Obligation report for 3/28 will show Short Term Northwest with a 50 MWh short position off-peak at NP-15. This is due to an option that Sean and Diana decided not to exercise. Thought that might clear up at least one of the many discrepancies we may find on that report.....  Kate 
 Please accept my apologies for this worksheet's absence yesterday. It was undergoing cosmetic improvements to more accurately represent the EES-EPMI position. Note two new column headings as of 3/27 - "Transmission" and "Other EnPower" deals. Also, a change has been made to the SP-15 volumes in the 3/2 sheet. This change was made per Daniel Kang at EES and Chris Foster at EPMI. And as always, feel free to contact me with questions.  Thanks, Kate Symes Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 help! 
 Question, comments, concerns.....  Kate Symes 503-464-7486 
 Let me know if this works.  Kate 
 Chris entered that this morning - 562978 - would you like me to back-date it?  Kate 
 done 
 AMEREX  Diana Scholtes 563461 - should be amerex/in as prebon/changed  Chris Mallory 563362 - he changed it to Prebon  PREBON  Chris Mallory 563461 - changed to amerex 563358 - killed/new heavy load deal entered - 563967 
 Mark says it's a good deal - any reason why it didn't get checked out? 
 I sure will - and you're about right. My first free minute should be in approximately 12 years. See you then! 
 The missing Richter trades are all EES sleeves that he neglected to enter before leaving for Houston this afternoon. Since Risk is running their calc, Chris Mallory said he's enter the deals first thing in the morning.  The Fischer deals - 563728 and 563729 - have been changed to Constellation, per Matt Motley who did the trades.  And the other two deals where the brokers have been changed look fine. Would you let me know beforehand next time, just in the offhand chance that the trader entered other things in the deal incorrectly? Thanks for your help.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   03/28/2001 02:57 PM 
 Thanks for the response! I know the feeling......(is it only Wednesday?) 
 I'll change this when Risk is done calcing - but APB is right - broker fee should be .00275 on LADWP deals.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   03/28/2001 03:26 PM 
 563906 - changed to Pinnacle West 563907 - changed to Pinnacle West 562226 - changed to APS  Regarding the last deal, Mike Driscoll talked to his broker at Bloomberg last night and asked him to change their confirm to say Pinnacle West. The broker said he'd check on it, but that Bloomberg hadn't switched their contract over yet and he didn't know if they could check a deal out under the new name. So we left it, under the impression that Bloomberg was actually in the wrong. My question is - has APS switched over to Pinnacle West entirely, and when or if Bloomberg starts recognizing Pinnacle as the counterparty are we going to have problems with deals containing the old counterparty name? I'm just trying to clarify, so I can let the traders know what to expect. Thanks for your help.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   03/29/2001 07:17 AM 
 I wanted to check with you on this. All these deals are entered in your book, and I know the Services desk typically does their own confirmations with counterparties. However, these deals have comments in them that say they replace other deals. In that case, would you like them confirmed by Houston? Let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 Brett -  I'm so sorry for not sending you an e-mail last night! I did test the report and it looks just fine - but I had so many things going on right up until I left that I forgot to tell YOU that it looked fine. Thanks for the reminder, and for your work on the report.  Kate 
 563262 4 units to Willamette Industries Albany Paper Mill Unit 4 units to Grays Harbor Paper Unit  563259 All units to Las Vegas Cogeneration  Please let me know if this answers your question.  Thanks, Kate 
 According to Les, we don't need to confirm any of these deals. I guess they were deals done by the Real Time desk on behalf of Services, but they were entered incorrectly. Thanks for checking, though.  Kate 
 These have been auto-scheduled, and I've told the confirms group not to confirm them. Let me know what the Nov. and Dec. deal numbers are when you get them.  Kate 
 The folowing EES sleeves have been entered and backdated to yesterday:  564924 - buy EES 564925 - sell Allegheny 564926 - buy EES 564927 - sell Allegheny 564928 - buy EES 564929 - sell Mirant  Sorry for the delay - I didn't realize Chris had been sitting on them for so long.  Thanks, Kate 
 Both deals have been changed. Jeff entered them incorrectly. 
 I'm sorry for not resonding sooner - did this get resolved? I see Duke Energy Trading and Marketing in the deal.  Kate 
 Bob's at lunch right now - I've left a big note on his desk and we'll sort it out this afternoon. Thanks for the reminder.  Kate 
 Thanks so much! I'll pass this along to the traders.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   03/29/2001 11:52 AM 
 Following are the deals I changed to the correct time zones, per Will Smith's list:  520330 - forward 373613 - forward 359846 - EOL 353314 - EOL 352613 - EOL 349391 - EOL 349389 - EOL 349242 - EOL 330282 - EOL 300686 - forward 272524.2 - forward 220845 - forward  Most of these were just April deals, and it looks like they all suffered from the same incorrect default we ran into before. On the longer term deals I made sure to choose "no" when it asked if I would like to clear all routes for the deal; but let me know if you find anything out of the ordinary.  Thanks, Kate 
 I'm checking with Chris Foster and Chris Mallory, who are apparently the ones initiating these trades. Both are out of the office right now, so it might be tomorrow before I can get back to you on this. But my guess is that if APX does not want to receive confirms on daily deals, then we don't need to send them. I'll let you know for sure as soon as I talk to the traders.  Thanks, Kate 
 Done. 
 564894 - changed to Bloomberg - but it's a buy, not a sale - is this the same deal prebon is missing? 
 he just changed it to 4/2 
 fee has been added    Stephanie Piwetz   03/29/2001 03:30 PM 
 The unit on this deal is Las Vegas Cogeneration - and I asked Les to start entering the specific unit in the comments section of unit-contingent deals. Let me know if he does or does not.....  Thanks, Kate 
 Can I call you with a banana? 
 I've made a change to a LTNW deal, per Mike Driscoll and John Malowney, because it was entered against the wrong index yesterday. Cara asked me to e-mail you with the specifics for any scheduling adjustments that need to be made. And here they are -  563929 - KILLED  476578 - Legs 4, 5, and 6 added to extend deal through April  Because this is an index-forward deal, it needed to be entered against the on-peak, off-peak, and Sunday indices, which explains the three new legs. Let me know if you have any questions.  Kate 
 You're right - Mike Driscoll entered this incorrectly, so I killed deal 563929 and simply added three new legs to the existing deal they were trying to extend. Deal number 476578 now has legs 4, 5, and 6 to extend the deal under the same terms through April. Please let me know if this doesn't show up correctly for some reason.  Thanks, Kate 
 Please note a change in EES reported load volume on 3/31, HE 6, SP-15. The volume was incorrectly copied into the worksheet, but all EnPower deals reflect the correct number. Also, the sheets for 3/30 and 3/31 now show those respective dates at the top of the page. Please let me know if there are any questions. 
 Following are the terms under which I ran the Forward Obligation report and received this message:  General SQL error. ORA-00907: missing right parenthesis.  Terms:    Let me know what you find. Thanks!  Kate 
 These are all West Services deals, and our services traders - Les Rawson and Stan Cocke - prefer to confirm their own deals with counterparties. So these should not be confirmed. Kim Hundl and I have been working on long lists of deals that went in to be confirmed and we've since gone in and changed them. Services, Real Time, and EES trades are among those. If you'd like, you can talk to her about what we decided to confirm and not confirm, or you can give me a call at (503) 464-7486.  Thanks for checking! Kate 
 Mark - I'm sending you two things that I hope will clarify some of these discrepancies. The first is an updated Real Time spreadsheet for 3/19 that shows the volumes for deal 553219. Bill Williams and I looked over their spreadsheets and could not find this deal in the 3/16 sheet - so I'm still wondering why EES thinks this deal should be in at a different date and price.  The second document is a modified version of the sheet you sent me. In it, I answered the questions I could and changed things I knew were wrong. I also asked questions on deals where I can't find a discrepancy between my sheet and EnPower.  Please keep in contact on this issue - I know this is only a start.  Kate 503-464-7486 
 Thanks Eric. I've changed the sheet to include your phone number. And you have a great weekend too!  Kate 
 I just talked to Bob, and I don't know if he's responded yet, but I thought I'd fill you in anyway. He's been talking to his contact at Constellation about changing these deals over, but hasn't received a concrete answer yet. I've reminded him and he said he WILL talk to the guy and resolve it today. I'll keep on it, and let you know when these deals have been changed.  Thanks, Kate 
 it's been changed.   Stephanie Piwetz   03/30/2001 11:07 AM 
 Hey, it worked! I have no idea what happened, but it looks great. Thanks for checking it out.  Kate 
 I knew we could find a practical use for Kristian's shoes. 
 The West traders have requested a new pub posting code to allow them to do deals against the Dow Jones Palo Verde Sunday index. In particular, Matt Motley, our Long Term Southwest trader, has executed a deal today for Cal'01 through Cal'06 at the Palo Verde index price. It runs all days and all hours, so we need to enter three legs - one at the on peak price, one at off peak, and one at Sunday price. The 24-hour Sunday price is the only option missing from EnPower. Matt has asked that we get this pub code in as soon as possible so his deal can be entered and calced tonight. Please let me know what you can do.  Thanks, Kate Symes Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 It's been changed to 250 - Chris is going to talk to Bloomberg, though, because he thought it was a deal for 247. I'll let you know what they work out. 
 Please add to this a request for the Dow Jones COB Sunday Index price. Thanks.  Kate 
 These have both been changed to Enmax Energy Corp. I'll let the Real Time traders know.  Thanks, Kate 
 Les - I received this list from the Confirms group this morning. Looks like they need quite a few unit names for confirmation purposes. But if I remember correctly, you didn't want these deals confirmed. Please let me know when you get a chance, and I can go through and either change them to "no confirm" or add the unit names.  Thanks, Kate 
 Call with questions -  Kate Symes 503-464-7486 
 I haven't heard anything back. I spoke with Willie on the phone Friday afternoon, and he said the best way to get this done quickly would be to send out an e-mail. I was actually just about to call and check on the request, but if you have a moment, could you find out where it's at in the chain of commmand?  Thanks, Kate 
 Here's the information I received from Les re: unit contingent deals. Obviously, we'll still enter the specific unit name in these deals, but this could be used as a point of reference.  Kate 
 changed to caiso energy 
 Thanks for following up, Jenny. I contacted you at Willie Harrell's suggestion, so I appreciate your quick response, and I'll contact Donnie in the future.  Kate 
 This deal should be with APB, not Prebon. Trader error. I'll change this when the calc is over - in about 45 minutes. 
 ditto on the response 
 changed to caiso 
 Bob's just finishing up a meeting, so I'll have to wait a minute for info on this EES sleeve. I'll let you know as soon as I see him.  Kate 
 AMEREX Bob Badeer 567991 - sell sempra 567997 - buy ees 
 Here's the latest from our good buddy Ryan...... 
 DUDE! You're too good to be true. Between you and my roommates, the emanation of love germs is almost too much to handle. Hey, if you get this in the next half an hour, write back with your phone number and I'll call you when I get off work. (I'm leaving at 5 p.m. ON THE DOT today....whooo, hooo!) But this newfound life perfection sounds like it deserves a phone conversation.  Kate 
 It looks like one of our schedules got cut. I'm checking with Phil Platter on this one, and I'll let you know when I find out.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   04/02/2001 12:00 PM 
 hi 
 it's been changed 
 This was a futures contract done by Matt Motley, and I entered the forward deal. I wasn't aware that futures deals don't get confirmed. I only knew that when the contract expires, I need to enter a forward deal in EnPower to hold the trader's position. It looks like you've already added a comment about the trade going physical off of the NYMEX. Is there anything else you'd like me to add? If not, I'll just make a note in the comments section of forward deals entered in place of expiring futures contracts, and I'll mark "no confirm" on these deals as well.  Thanks, Kate 
 Yes, I just got an e-mail from Evelyn saying that Prebon didn't recognize this exact deal. Mark checked it out and determined he had gone through APB. I will change this when our calc is done - in about 30 min.  Thanks, Kate 
 Kate Symes Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 Leaf finished his shift at 6 a.m. today - he'll be back at 6 p.m. But I talked to Bill Williams about it and he saw the trade in the Real Time log, and said he remembers hearing Leaf do the trade with Sempra. If you have a number for Harry at Sempra, I'd be glad to give him a call and figure this out. Let me know.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   04/03/2001 10:47 AM 
 I just called and left a message with Harry - I'll let you know if we're able to figure it out.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   04/03/2001 11:35 AM 
 These are the latest figures I have - I'm so sorry for the delay! I'm calling Willie Harrell in Global Risk right now to determine why these prices are not yet in pub posting and how we can come up with a more reliable system.  Kate 
 Bill Williams just talked to Jake, the Sempra trader who did the trade, who recognized the deal and said he'd speak with Harry and clear it up. In the meantime, this is a good trade.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   04/03/2001 10:47 AM 
 BLOOMBERG 569021 - changed to Bloomberg  PREBON Tom Alonso checked with broker - Tom Alonso did not do this deal - Jeff Richter did a similar one but it is with Williams, not Reliant......???  Jeff Richter closest deal I can see is 569178 - all same terms except it's at NP not SP  AMEREX Mike Swerzbin 569315 - added Amerex as broker 
 568843 - added fee of .0275, but Sean Crandall believes price should stay at 300.00  569178 - changed broker from APB to Prebon  569021 - changed broker from APB to Bloomberg  569270 - changed broker from APB to Amerex    Stephanie Piwetz   04/03/2001 02:05 PM 
 broker is right - changed to Allegheny Energy Supply - formerly Merrill Lynch 
 sure thing - you looked like you could use a little late afternoon pick-me-up. 
 whaaaa? it's the end of a long day - i can't decipher these rhyming puzzles. 
 Sorry - 462105 is Transalta - my error.  And Mark's APB deal # is 461972. 
 Congratulations, Dave! 
 Mark - Attached you'll find the spreadsheet you sent me with notes I've added on each deal discrepancy. Most had already been solved, and a few pertain to Real Time spreadsheets, in which case I'll defer to Bill Williams. Please let me know if you have questions on any of my notes. If not, I believe we should be all set for March.  Thanks for your patience, Kate 
 Oops - it might help if I actually ATTACHED the attachment. 
 Les - I received the following e-mail from Confirms in Houston re: deals for which they need unit names. I sorted through the list and changed the purchases to "no confirm," and these three deals are what's left. Could you add the names in the comments section?  568866 - SELL EWEB AT BPA SYSTEM BORDER 568864 - SELL EWEB AT EWEB SYSTEM BORDER 568860 - SELL LADWP AT MCCULLOUGH  Thanks, Kate 
 Good afternoon, IT Wizards -  I'm curious about a feature on the new Forward Obligation Report. It is now possible to run the report showing term, scheduled, or liquidated deals. In the past I've always run the report showing term deals, then entered my desk-to-desk deals from those numbers. Now I believe the report is designed to pull data from our scheduling database, so I'm wondering what the difference is between the term deal report and the scheduled deal report. Each produce completely different numbers! Please let me know when you get a chance.  Thanks, Kate Symes Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 Here is the information I received back from IT in Houston regarding the Forward Obligation Report. It looks like, for our purposes, the most accurate way to run the report is showing only term deals. The "Schedule" and "Liquidate" versions of the report do not capture desk-to-desk deals, and therefore will not show our traders' positions in relation to each other, which I believe is what we're looking for. Am I right? Or totally crazy? Let me know what you think.  Thanks, Kate 
 It should be COB S/N. 
 I just finally heard back from the traders on this deal. Apparently, Idaho's schedule was cut by the ISO on Sunday, and therefore, we had to cut our sale to them. The deal was originally 25 mw on peak, but was cut about 10 mw each hour. That's why each hour now shows 15 mw and some scraps. The remainder of the schedule we sold in the hour ahead market. This is a typical maneuver when the ISO cuts schedules, but I guess you guys haven't had to confirm daily deals in this situation before. Let me know if this is going to be a problem, and we'll figure something out.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   04/02/2001 12:00 PM 
 price changed to 420.00 
 changed to Prebon   Stephanie Piwetz   04/04/2001 02:13 PM 
 Mike has this deal in his trade log as 25 MW, but he said he'd go with the broker on this one and sell 50 MW to BPA.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've attached the EES March Dailies spreadsheet. It should reflect the latest volumes and hopefully will clear up some of the discrepancies we're seeing between EES and EPMI. Also, I've autoscheduled the following deals in an attempt to feed them through to the CARP report. Please let me know if you see the changes come through, Mark.  The autoscheduled deals are:  533090 - 3/1/01-3/31/01 535419 - 3/2/01 535420 - 3/2/01 566081 - 3/1/01-3/31/01 550208 - 3/15/01    The last deal I'm checking on is #535568 - in your spreadsheet you said EES saw the on peak hours totalling 1070.75 MWH and believed the on peak hours should actually total 1016.75 MWH. Below are the volumes I see both in the EnPower deal and in the March Dailies spreadsheet.   +____________ =         1016.75  Maybe we need to autoschedule this one as well? Please let me know how the CARP report looks now, and call me with questions. Hopefully this wraps it up for March!  Thanks, Kate 503-464-7486 
 570011 - Prebon said it's their deal 570023 - broker was changed to Prebon 570801 - I'm waiting until after the calc to change del.point to NP 570473 - waiting for calc to add .005 broker fee 570444 - waiting for calc to add .005 broker fee 569957 - changed in CAPS but not Enpower - waiting for calc  Sorry about all those unfinished ones, but Risk started calcing a while before I got your e-mail, and they're still going. I'll let you know when these deals have been corrected.  Thanks, Kate 
 570801 - changed to NP-15 570473 - added .005 broker fee 570444 - added .005 broker fee 569957 - changed CTPY to Allegheny Energy Supply  Sorry for the delay!  Kate 
 I sent an e-mail to Les Rawson about these deals yesterday, but - oops! - he's not in the office. I just had Stan Cocke enter the unit names in them, so you should see the following in the comments section -  568866 - unit name is Willamett Industries Albany Paper Mill 568864 - unit name is Grays Harbor Paper Mill 568860 - unit name is Las Vegas Cogeneration Facility  Thanks, Kate 
 Just a reminder -  We have added a new pub code to EnPower. The code is for the Dow Jones COB Sunday Index. Please advise that the Portland West Desk has one deal in the system at this time against that index, and more may follow.  Thanks for your help with entering these prices.  Kate 
 I've added the third leg to deal 566375 and changed comments in each leg to reflect that. We had a bit of confusion about who was actually adding the new pub code, but it's in the system now and the deal is ready to be confirmed. Just a note - I previously had all the Sunday and Holiday hours in the off-peak leg of this deal (so Risk could calc the value correctly), and now I've deleted those strips to account for leg 3 which contains only Sunday and Holiday hours. Please let me know if anything looks different, other than that, on your end.  Thanks, Kate 
 I just talked to Chris about this. Apparently, the Reliant trader thought he was clicking an SP-15 trade, and called immediately afterward to ask Chris if it could be adjusted. It was more lucrative for Chris to do this deal at SP-15 than NP-15 anyway, so he agreed. I guess I'm unclear about the exact EOL guidelines in a situation like this, but please let me know if there's anyone you'd like me to talk to. Chris didn't have the trader's name offhand, but I could probably get him to research it a bit more. Just let me know what you need from us.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thanks so much, Willie! 
 This deal has been autoscheduled and should show up with correct on peak volumes on the new CARP report.  Kate 
 You are such a renewable energy stud! I'm excited to see you and Elliot transform the way the world thinks of POWER.  K 
 Thanks a lot, Kerri. 
 I'm just sending the sheets that are saved in our system. Bill Williams told me he cleared everything up on the Real Time side yesterday, but if the volumes in these documents still look wrong, please let me know.    Thanks, Kate Symes Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 deal is in at 260. 
 PREBON 571801 was a duplicate of another sale to EES - Mike killed the duplicate (#571920) and kept this deal  AMEREX 572245 - changed to BOM (4/9 - 4/30) 
 Thanks for the clarification (Mike was a little off!) - we've killed 571801 and restored 571920.  Kate 
 Mike did a deal with these terms but a price of 380 - deal is #571917. But he said a price like $292.50 doesn't sound right for Sept. - possibly May? 
 Yep - the trade's there all right. I just talked to Mike again and he said he'd love to take the trade, but he's sure it's an error. To avoid any confusion later, and because he's already left the office for today, let's have Mike talk to his Amerex broker tomorrow morning and clear this up. He just might get a sweet deal out of it!  Kate 
 This morning I was notified by Confirms in Houston that one of the deal changes I made last night didn't come through on their side. If you refer to the Deal Correction Report from yesterday, Mike Swerzbin did a deal with EES for Cal'03 that he mistakenly entered twice, once for Cal'03 (571920) and once for Cal'02 (571801). He killed 571920 and kept 571801, but the trade was actually for Cal'03. (Is everyone still with me?) So I restored 571920 and killed 571801 to reverse what he had done. But in my rush just before your calc last night I neglected to look at the volumes of the deal I was restoring, which incidently had been zeroed out, thus leaving Mike with no value for either of the deals.  I've reinstated the volumes in deal 571920 and added the error to today's deal correction report. I just wanted to give you guys a heads up. Please let me know if you have questions.  Thanks, Kate 
 Evelyn - Here's the status of those year-long deals I changed last night. Everything should look good now - 571920 now has 25 mwh and 571801 is killed. Let me know if you still see something wrong.  Thanks, Kate 
 This deal discrepancy seems to have a few of us stumped - so I'm referring it to all of you in hopes that we can solve this today. Following are the terms of the deal:  Short Term California buys Enron Energy Services Hours: HE 6-9 Delivery Point: SP-15 Term: 3/29/01 Price: $110  The deal was entered by Bert Meyers, a Real Time trader, on behalf of STCA. It was extended for HE 9 through 22 at a price of $160. In the spreadsheet Real Time sends to EES each day, it shows the deal as a sale at a price of $130, not a buy at a price of $160.  My first instinct was to simply modify the spreadsheet to match the deal in Enpower, but EES claims they see the price coming across as $130. I'm reluctant to send any more incorrect information to EES, as we've already dealt with enough confusion over this matter. Please take a look at the deal and its corresponding documents, and let me know which is the correct price.  Thanks for your help, Kate 
 It should have been Sierra Power Corp. I've changed it.  Thanks, kate 
 I was told that I will need an employee number in order to enter the hours I've worked this week. Is this something I should have already? Please let me know whenever you get a free moment. 
 I changed this deal, by the way. Please let me know if the broker thinks he's wrong. 
 Mike checking with his broker right now. 
 one was in with prebon - 572999 - it's been changed to apb 
 Mark just told me this trade was done direct - I've deleted the broker out of deal 573083.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thanks! Kate Symes Enron North America Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 I've changed both deals to FPL Energy Power Marketing. Tom said the guy who calls him from this counterparty each day says he's from Florida Power & Light - so he's going to ask him next time which counterparty he'd like us to specify in the deal. Also, I changed 570450 to a price of $80.  Thanks, Kate 
 Both have been changed to CAISO energy. 
 Here you go! 
 Because I'm not quite sure who to direct this request to, I'm e-mailing everyone I think might be involved in entering new counterparty names. One of our mid-marketers has executed a deal with Sierra Pacific Holding Company, which is a new counterparty name and needs to be added as a choice in Enpower. Please let me know if I've contacted the correct people, and if I've contacted the incorrect people. (Sorry!)  Thanks, Kate Symes Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 I've added the fee - these are supposed to default when traders enter the deals in Enpower, but for some reason Bloomberg fees aren't coming through lately. I'm checking with IT on this.  Thanks, Kate  PS - I'll add you to the Deal Correction Report mail list starting today. 
 I just heard from Samuel (thanks for your message!) that I need to send Rhonda new counterparty information in order to get their names added to the system. I called Rhonda, but it turns out she's out of the office for the first part of this week, and her voice mail referred me to Melissa. (That's a short explanation of why I'm sending this info. to all of you.)  Anyway, following is the information connected with the new counterparty name Chris Foster has requested:  Name: Sierra Pacific Holding Company, dba Sierra Pacific Industries Address: PO Box 496028 Redding, CA 96049 Or: 19759 Riverside Ave. Anderson, CA 96007 Phone: (530) 378-8179 Fax: (530) 378-8139 Contact: Director of Energy Resources - Robert Ellery  I also have a copy of the Master Power Purchase and Sale Agreement if you'd like me to fax that over. Just let me know how I can help. We've already entered Chris's deal into the system with "New Counterparty," so the sooner we can change that the better.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thanks for taking the initiative to get everyone together in the spirit of spending Andy and/or Gray's money. Things like this need to happen more often, in my opinion.  That's a picture of you in high school, right? 
 fee has been added 
 Joanie! I have been soooo busy lately and I'm starting to feel like I sold my soul to the Enron devil. In fact, I have no time to be writing this e-mail right now, but I've been meaning to drop a line and catch up with you. I also just ran into Brigdet (from the class below us at SMA) at lunch - apparently she's married to some baseball player. Crazy! So right away I had to contact my ever-realistic "single" friend to bring me some sanity. I'm actually dating a guy right now, but it still gives me the chills to hear about anyone near my age walking down the toilet...I mean aisle. Anyway, call me, or I'll call you tonight - let's dish! I hope everything's great with you - I expect nothing less. I have lots of interesting stories to tell about how and why I've come to the decision that I'm sending my roommates to rehab.  Love, Kate 503-464-7486 (work) 503-288-6546 (home) 503-819-2181 (cell) 
 PREBON Both Phil's deals have been changed to buys already, and Mike is entering the AEP sale right now.  Thanks, kate 
 I get a "no records selected" message when I try to pull up 576220. ???? 
 Sean has COB in his trade log. He originally had Mid-C, then crossed it out. Sounds like Amerex just hasn't updated their website with the change. 
 Sorry - I misread the e-mail. Checked with Jeff Richter - they should be sales, and they're changed in Enpower now.  Thanks, Kate 
 deal is in as off peak - did someone already fix it? 
 Thank you! 
 How in the hell do you get out of work at 3:45? Well, you've inspired me - I'm going to haul ass home and maybe make it there by 6 pm - whoo-hoooooo! But seriously, call me tonight if you get a chance. If not, I'll try you (if I can dig up your home number somewhere) or call when you get into town this weekend. I'll be around, so we HAVE to hang out at least once. 'Kay? Or I'll just stalk you. 'Kay? Take care.  Love, Kate 
 I spoke with Paul Choi, the mid-marketer who did this deal, and he said the deal should be with The City of Oakland, a municipal corporation, not Port of Oakland. Also, the contact is still Wing Lau @ 510-627-1457. I'll change it when Risk is done with the calc.  Thanks, Kate 
 Please let me know if this format is accessible and useful for you. I know some of these deal changes aren't relevant to your calculation discrepancies, but I included everything just in case. If you'd like it pared down or beefed up, don't hesitate to ask. Thanks for your patience. 
 I'm sorry my response has been such a long time coming on this issue, but I've visited with almost every department in our office trying to figure out what happened to this deal. Basically, Idaho got their scheduled cut by the Cal-ISO, which in turn means we have to cut our schedule flowing to Idaho. So Jeremy Morris, one of our California schedulers, cut the first Idaho deal he found and passed the remainder of the schedule to Real Time to fill, which they did in a separate deal. So EPMI and Idaho are in agreement that the schedule got cut, but that we kept them whole by selling the remainder to Idaho in the hour-ahead market.  Now the question is, how do we confirm the deal? From your side, is it better if we leave the deal as-is, or restore it to the original 25 mw off peak and kill the real time deal (which wouldn't really be an accurate representation of what happened)? Just let me know, and we'll do what we can to help.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   04/02/2001 12:00 PM 
 Deal has been changed to The City of Oakland, a municipal corp., and contact info has been added.  Kate 
 I've modified these deals to read as follows:  572069 West Services buys from APX NP-15 On Peak - 12 MW @ $245 for flow 4/6-4/7 Off Peak - 12 MW @ $150 for flow 4/7 TOTAL MWH = 480  576468 West Services buys from APX NP-15 Off Peak - 12 MW @ $140 for flow 4/6 TOTAL MWH = 96  Please let me know if this is correct. (I hope!) And don't hesitate to call me with questions or other deal corrections. I will be running between two different desks today, so if you can't reach me at my regular extension (503-464-7486), I can be reached at 503-464-3823.  Thanks, Kate 
 The following deal has been changed once more. Here are the details:  576468 West Services buys from APX NP-15 Off Peak - 1.8 MW @ $140 10.2 MW @ $150 TOTAL MWH = 96  (572069 stays 12 MW @ $150)  Please call me with questions.  Thanks, Kate 503-464-7486 or 3823 
 Yes, that's correct, Mark says.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   04/10/2001 10:55 AM 
 All these have been changed to CAISO firm energy, and deal 576511 has been changed to Reliant Energy Services. Thanks for catching these. I'm forwarding this e-mail on to the Real Time group (again) as a reminder.  Thanks, Kate 
 Hey - Are you guys boycotting CAISO energy?  Kate 
 Broker is right - I've changed the deals to Allegheny Energy Supply Co.  Thanks, Kate 
 I'm taking over Carla Hoffman's position at the Deal Control desk in Portland, and I've got a request from Kim Ward to look into this deal entered incorrectly by our Short Term Southwest desk. Unfortunately, I need more information, such as the deal number and term, in order to make any changes to it.  If you have this or know who does, please let me know and I'll be happy to make any necessary changes to this deal. My number in Portland is 503.464.7486.  Thanks, Kate 
 These have been changed to CAISO. 
 All these deals have been changed to FPL Energy Marketing.   Stephanie Piwetz   04/10/2001 02:27 PM 
 577133 - I just added APB for the broker. 
 Mike is taking care of these changes right now. 
 577824 sell sempra np Q2-02 $80  This is the other side of the EES sleeve - Prebon gave Mike these prices, and he couldn't get ahold of them tonight, so we'll check in the morning.  Kate 
 This is the price Prebon quoted to Mike tonight - he'll be checking in the morning to see what the spread should have been.  Thanks, Kate 
 BLOOMBERG 577573 - changed to Aquila 577533 - added .005 broker fee  AMEREX 577873 - LTNW sells EES/Cal'07-Cal'10/Off Peak/$44.50  PREBON 577849 - Jeff Richter buys BP (changed broker to Prebon)  AMEREX I see several sales to Puget in Diana's blotter at a $375 price, only one with Amerex, and it's for 50 MW. I'll need to get ahold of her in the morning to verify the brokers on these. I'll let you know as soon as I do.  Thanks, Kate 
 Chris - Looks like these deals might have been entered for the wrong term. I'll check with Jeff on this, but if you recognize that the terms are wrong, please let me know and I can fix them. Here are the deals:  576274 STCA buys ARCO SP-15 May-01 On Peak 15 MW @ $260  576275 STCA buys ARCO SP-15 May-01 Off Peak 15 MW @ $135  Thanks for checking on this. Kate 
 Mike is checking with his broker right now. 
 Mike is checking with broker. 
 I'm sorry - this was the first correction I received this morning and since it didn't come in the form of an e-mail, I unfortunately overlooked it when I was finalizing the deal error report. 
 Diana says Amerex told her both deals were on the same ticket - so she entered deal 577201at 50 mw. I asked her to get ahold of her contact at Amerex to tell them they're checking out incorrectly.  Thanks, Kate 
 I spoke with Chris, and he called Alicia who said she still believes the deal should be for April, not May. Chris said they are in a dispute at this point, because he believes the term should be May. So he asked me to leave the deals alone for the moment, and he will be in touch later today. Would you like me to make a note of this in the comments sections of the deals?  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   04/11/2001 07:55 AM 
 Mike talked to Prebon and changed the prices for these deals accordingly  577823 - $97.95 577824 - $98  Thanks for waiting, Kate 
 I sent this along to Molly, because, while I hate to admit it, I think she might be better suited to such a daunting task.  K 
 Chris - Here's the latest I've heard on our request for a new counterparty name (Sierra Pacific Holding Co.) to be added to EnPower. I faxed the master agreement to Melissa Murphy so the Confirms group could reference it; then she passed the pertinent information along to Samuel Schott in Global Counterparty, whose job it is to set up new counterparties. But it looks like your contact at Sierra is saying this deal should be done with Sierra Pacific Industries - the parent company - rather than Sierra Pacific Holding Co.  Do you have a preference either way? Maybe you could contact Bob Ellery and discuss this. Just let me know which name to add to the deal.  Thanks, Kate 503-464-7486 
 Thanks for following up on this, Melissa. I've forwarded your e-mail on to Chris Foster and asked him to discuss the counterparty name with Bob Ellery, his contact at Sierra Pacific Holding Co. I'll let you know which name we need (or if we need one at all) as soon as I hear back from him.  Thanks again, Kate 503-464-7486 
 Okay! Real Time has finally drilled down on the problem we were having with deal 564094 (STCA buys from EES/HE 9-22 @ $160) and corrected the Real Time sheet to reflect our price. I apologize for the delay in finding the source of the problem, and as it turns out it was just a matter of someone putting the wrong price in the sheet they sent you. Very frustrating, I know, but I've attached the correct sheet nonetheless. Please call or e-mail with questions, and I'm sure I'll hear from you soon!    Thanks, Kate Symes Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 It was great to run into you, too. This shrinking world never ceases to amaze me......to end up working in the same building, different industry, over a year later? Crazy. So, on lunch or a beer after work, just let me know the time and place. Lunch is a rarity with me, but I love to have an excuse to breathe fresh air in the middle of the day. And I need to plan ahead as well. I'll keep the week of the 22nd open - sound good?  Talk to you soon. Kate 
 Anytime! Thanks for all your patience!  Kate 
 This has been changed.  Thanks, Kate 
 Mike is entering these trades right now.  Kate 
 Motley just entered these last three trades. And Chris Mallory is entering the AEP deal right now. 
 Regarding the deal Chris Foster did on 4/6 with Sierra Pacific Holding Co. -  Bob Ellery, Sierra's Director of Energy Resources, and Steve Hall, one of Portland's most expeditious lawyers, have decided to execute the deal under the designation Sierra Pacific Industries, which is also named in the master agreement. We still, however, need this name added to the counterparty list in EnPower.  Thank you all for your help on this, and I appreciate your future assistance in getting this deal out of the "New Counterparty" void.  Kate Symes Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 Yes, the correct name does include "Inc." at the end. And yes, Steve Hall said the master agreement works for this trade. He and Bob Ellery at Sierra talked over the agreement and decided to use the name that Sierra Pacific Holding Co. is doing business under. I've changed the deal (573679) in EnPower. Please let me know if you turn up any more questions.  Thanks, Kate 
 Yes - I've been working with Samuel Schott in Global Counterparty and Melissa Murphy. The new name has been entered into the system, and deal # 573679 has been changed from New Counterparty to Sierra Pacific Industries, Inc. (That's the name Sierra Pacific Holding Co. is doing business as.) Thanks for checking in on this, though.  Kate 
 I sent a copy of the agreement to Melissa Murphy via fax. I'll need to get ahold of Chris Foster, who is in your Houston office at the moment, to locate the original. He won't be back in the Portland office until Monday morning. When would you like the original by? Just let me know - we'll get it to you as soon as we can.  Thanks, Kate 503-464-7486 
 Okay - I can forward the contract along on Monday when Chris Foster gets back. Also, I think I'd like Chris and his contact at Sierra to talk over the issue of whether we'll amend the contract to include "Inc." or whether we'll amend the counterparty name in EnPower. I've left a message for Chris regarding this question, and hopefully we'll touch base sometime today. I will let you know as soon as I hear back. (And feel free to nab him for a moment if you see him in the office!)  Thanks, Kate 
 P.S. I'll ask Bill Williams about Geir's transmission deal. Can I ask, though, why it looks like it should be a buy-resale?  Kate 
 Okay - I've changed 578812 to Sierra Pacific Power Co. I asked Bill about this and he said he didn't realize the counterparty was in with Sierra Pacific Industries and not Sierra Pacific Power. The Real Time guys pay as little attention as possible to counterparty names, unfortunately.  Thanks for catching this, Kate 
 Looks like we might have to modify this name in EnPower after all - The dba on our master agreement is "Sierra Pacific Industries" with no "Inc." at the end. I just spoke with Bob Ellery over at Sierra, and he confirmed that, although the company is a corporation, they never use "Inc." in their contracts. Thus, our confirm letters would not match up with the master agreement because of those three pesky letters.  Just let me know if this causes a problem for either of you. In case you'd like to reference it, the deal number we're attempting to modify is 573679 - it's a buy from Sierra done by Chris Foster on the 10th of April.  Thanks again for all your help. Kate 503-464-7486 
 Mom - Thanks for the heads up. I am having the same nightmare with US Bank that I've had each time I've deposited any money: they won't let me have it! I've been meaning to e-mail Anna and let her know, but that's gone by the wayside along with pretty much everything else since I started this new job. I tried to close my account on Thursday in a last ditch effort to get at my money, and they politely told me I could close it on the same day I could get money out of the ATM, which will be on Wednesday. Until then my hands are tied. I'm really sorry about this - I know Anna needs help, and believe me, this isn't very convenient for me either. I'll e-mail her right now, and send her money on Wednesday.  Give me a call later if you'd like to meet at the gym.  Kate 
 I've changed this to BP Energy - and I was wondering - didn't BP Amoco change over to BP Energy? Do we ever trade with the old counterparty name anymore?  Kate 
 Thanks for checking on that, Rhonda - I'll make a mental note of it.  Kate 
 Bob Badeer just entered the Cal-02 deal under Long Term California desk. Deal # is 580382.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   04/12/2001 12:29 PM 
 580280 - Jeff had this in with Bloomberg. I changed it to Natsource.  Kate 
 It's El Paso Electric - I've changed it.  Thanks, Kate 
 BLOOMBERG 580280 - changed to APB  580168 - added broker fee  580159 - added broker fee  580169 - STCA buys El Paso through Bloomberg (Chris had it in with Calpine)  Thanks, Kate 
 You're right - I think our e-mails just crossed paths. 
 I'm just going to leave this deal with "New Counterparty" for the time being. I had changed it to Sierra Pacific Industries, Inc., but it sounds like there may be a problem with this name. Please let me know what I can do to help this along, or give me a call when a decision is reached.  Thanks, Kate 
 It's changed.   Stephanie Piwetz   04/13/2001 08:10 AM 
 Mark is changing this right now.   Stephanie Piwetz   04/13/2001 09:01 AM 
 Well, I only went to the gym once last week, and then pretty much ate and slept all weekend, so I'm feeling like a pasty white blob of winter blubber. I'm just starting to get "homesick" for Maui, so Mexico will come not a minute too soon. Also, Molly and I went to see this movie last night, Requiem for a Dream. It was psychotic! It made me feel like moving to a farm and becoming a marathon-running vegan or something. Truly a horrible, horrible depiction of modern-day addictions and the messed-up way our society quells them.  So, needless to say, I am MAKING myself go to the gym today.  Anna's job opportunity sounds great, although I'm bummed we won't be roomies anytime soon. Maybe I'll get transferred to Enron's Colorado office.  Kate 
 Yes - it's with APB - I've changed it. 
 Done. 
 I've gone ahead and entered the counterparty name "Sierra Pacific Industries, Inc." in Chris Foster's deal #573679, in the interest of moving it along through the confirmation process. (The deal was done on 4/6 and flowed on 4/10.)  I spoke with Bob Ellery (Sierra) yesterday and he seemed fine with the name we have in our system, although I'm sure he's not the final authority. Then I spoke with the Confirms group today and they were ready to get the deal off of their new deal report. So, since I haven't heard anything to the contrary, I changed the deal from it's "new counterparty" status.  Please let me know if this presents a problem for any of you.  Thanks, Kate Symes Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 Here's the latest I've heard from EES regarding ways in which we've managed to thoroughly confuse them. I'm researching most of these questions, but as with last month, there are a few Real Time deals they don't see in the spreadsheet you guys send to them. Would you mind checking this out when you have a minute (or despite the fact that you don't)? If you revise anything, just let me know or e-mail it directly to Mark Confer and Brooklyn Couch.  Thanks, Kate 
 Bill, Jr. - I'm so sorry! I should know better by now. Bill, III - You might be more interested in this e-mail than your dad.  Kate 
 These are done.  Have a good weekend! Kate 
 Go Blazers! 
 This is a Real Time deal, and that desk enters deals a bit differently than I do. When they initially do a deal, they enter it for a certain hour or set of hours. Then, if they agree with a counterparty to extend the deal to flow through more hours, they change the deal in Scheduling, not EnPower. The way to see the true volume of a Short Term West Hourly deal is to look in the "View Actuals" tab. If you look at this deal, you'll see that they extended the initial 5 MW at HE 11 to look like this:  HE 11 - 5 MW HE 12 - 5 MW HE 13 - 5 MW HE 14 - 4 MW HE 15 - 4 MW HE 16 - 4 MW HE 17 - 5 MW +__________ 32 MW  Please let me know if you have any other questions.  Thanks, Kate Symes Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 BLOOMBERG Are you talking about the broker fee?  TRADESPARK Matt's contact is verifying this trade as off-peak.  AMEREX Chris just changed deal 582853 from APB to Amerex  582894 - changed to 47.75  PREBON Bob said Matt Motley gave him this deal to do. Is that going to fly with Prebon? 
 I've never seen anything but a .005 broker fee on Bloomberg deals. Tom Alonso wanted to know when that fee changed.......we're confused!  And the Matt-Bob deal swap - I guess it was just a last minute decision on their part, and they should have let the broker know. Matt said the trade needs to stay in Bob's book, and just to check it out as a good trade with EPMI. Let me know if you still have problems with this.  Thanks, Kate 
 That sounds like a good one, mom. Like I've said before, I think it's a great idea and would be perfect for you. Now I think you should start taking steps to make it happen. I know you could get your house sold, no problem. And you should think seriously about putting it on the market soon, as I'm starting to get the feeling it can take quite a while to actually sell a house. Let me know how I can help - for example, Brian has some friends who rent out a great cottage in Kihei for $100 a week. He can also get really good deals on rental cars. If you start shopping around for a cheap ticket now, you could take a scouting trip this spring and make plans to move by the following winter - just in time for whale-watching.  Just do it! 
 Here you go, Jill - let me know what you think.  Kate 503-288-6546 or 503-819-2181 
 Mark - I'm so sorry I haven't responded yet, but yes, I did get your e-mail. I actually solved most of the issues detailed on the spreadsheet, but wanted to finish before I sent the document back. I've attached the spreadsheet with what I've done so far, and I'm forwarding most of the remaining deals to Bill Williams in Real Time. The two deals with volume discrepancies are going to take some looking into - I think they're in the system correctly and it's probably just an error in my spreadsheet - but I'll let you know. Again, sorry for the delay.  Thanks, Kate 
 I just spoke with Sean and he said he was indifferent on the subject - so you guys can go ahead and confirm these deals. I'm looking into why Puget sales seem to be coming up "no confirm." Thanks for checking, though.  Kate 
 I'm not sure why you're seeing a price of $65.70 come through on this deal, but I'm looking at the deal in EnPower right now and I see a price of $65. If you could let me know what report is showing the incorrect price, I might be able to figure out why.  Thanks, Kate 
 This deal was a physical payback to WAPA, and it should be in at a zero price. I've added a comment into the deal to explain this, and I asked Holden to put comments in any weird deals he enters from now on. Thanks for catching this - it does need to be confirmed.  Kate 
 Thanks for following up on this, Rhonda. I believe you just spoke with Chris about the executed original of this contract. Please let me know what else I can do to speed this process along. I ran a search for deals the West Services desk has done with this counterparty (which were entered with Sierra Pacific Industries, Inc.) and came up with only three deal numbers. They are:  580832 580137 580136  Would you like me to change these over? Or are you doing that along with the re-confirmation? Please let me know when you get a chance.  Thanks, Kate 
 I asked Bob about these this morning, and he said he's still got to work this out with Constellation. The way he explained it, our position is flat with Constellation, so for settlements purposes we're okay - i.e. We've bought the same volumes that we've sold, and we end up losing a bit due to the index offset - but otherwise the index price won't make a difference.  But I suspect he's not thinking of the problem from the confirmation standpoint. Could you tell me exactly what needs to happen to clear this up on your end so that I can explain it to Bob in a way that might make him DO something? I'm sorry for the delay on this - I'm getting ready to call Bob's contact at Constellation for him.  Let me know what your ideal solution would be. Should we get Constellation to agree to the Dow Jones index? Or should we change the deals to forward fixed price? We'll fix this today - I promise.  Thanks, Kate 
 Here you go, Chris. Please ignore the last four days, as they are still under construction. And let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thanks for doing that. And those deals didn't show up in my query because I was looking for trades done under the Short Term West Services desk - I didn't realize Chris was also entering these under Short Term California. Just let me know if there's anything else I can do.  Thanks, Kate 
 Tom and Mark are not spot traders, they're cash traders. This is what I was referring to yesterday - that Real Time is now being charged $15 for trades - but cash and term traders should still be charged the traditional $.005. Why is Bloomberg recognizing these trades as Real Time?  Kate 
 I think she'd do that. Her parents are out of town right now, so she's house/cat-sitting for them. I don't know when they get back, but let me check with her because it could get a little hectic if she had to be on the opposite ends of town everyday. I'll let you know. 
 It's been changed to Avista. 
 I've changed the counterparty name to The City of Oakland - and the contact is Wing Lau. His number is (510) 627-1457. According to Stewart Rosman, the middle marketer who did this deal, City of Oakland is the same entity as Port of Oakland; however, City is the counterparty name in the system which is linked with the correct contact info. I tried to look up the contract in Livelink, but I keep getting an error message. Is there any way you can check on this contract to make sure we're entering these deals with the correct counterparty name?  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   04/17/2001 01:17 PM 
 Here's the correspondence between Evelyn in the Houston Confirms group and Paul Callahan at Bloomberg outlining the broker's new $15-per-trade fee. Please let me know if you have questions or would like me to talk to someone at Bloomberg about this. I'll also check with Tim to find out if the fee change was ever negotiated with Enron.  Thanks, Kate 
 584125 has been changed to Mirant. 
 These are all done.  Kate 
 Chris just entered these deals. 
 It's that time again! Enjoy......  Kate 
 Both deals have been changed to reflect a flat $15 fee. And thanks so much for following up with the IT request for a default change in EnPower. Just let me know when you hear back.  Kate 
 Yes - I was also going to mention that I talked with Christian Yoder about this, and he confirmed that the counterparty name in the contract is The City of Oakland, a municipal corporation acting by and through its Port of Oakland board, and on and on and on. So we'll be using that name, NOT the Port of Oakland, when doing deals with this counterparty. And out of curiosity, does anyone you know of trade with simply the Port of Oakland?  Thanks for following up, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   04/17/2001 03:26 PM 
 No - I left all of that Christmas Party stuff at Theresa's desk when I first moved. If there ever was a business card, it would be there. Sorry!  Kate 
 For some reason, the time management function on eHRonline won't allow me to log in. It says the user is locked and to please notify the person responsible. I'm using the user ID and password you gave me, so I don't know what I'm doing wrong. This is not an urgent matter - just respond whenever you have time. 
 Bob Badeer changed the time zone in one of these deals - apparently that's what was throwing off the MW totals. So 458406 and 458405 should match now. Please let me know if there is anything else.  Thanks, Kate 
 Here's what I've come up with so far on these deals. There are just two more that are going to require a little bit more attention - 566426 and 566391 - the SP-15 deals for 4/2. I'm sorry it's taken me a few days to get back to you on this. Please let me know what you think, and we'll go from there.  Thanks, Kate Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 That sounds awesome! You guys are seriously already planning that party? Yes, are you kidding, I LOOOOVED Robert Hicks. He was so......umm, peppy. 
 These, as well as the Grays Harbor deal you sent me, have been approved and re-scheduled. They should show in the CARP report now, but let me know if they don't, and I'll look into it.  Thanks, Kate 
 582324 - Grays Harbor Paper Mill 582322 - Las Vegas Cogeneration  I've added the unit names to the deals and reminded Les that they need to be in the comments section. He was under the impression that the guideline sheet he sent out re: unit names spelled out the answers, but I took another look at it and it doesn't seem to really answer anything. I've attached it just in case you don't have it anymore - but please let me know if this assists you guys in ANY way. If it doesn't, I can probably get him to draw up something more useful.  Thanks, Kate  From Les Rawson:  Here's the list of current Service's Desk customers we sell as Unit Contingent. We want to confirm the sales but not the purchases.  Lv Cogen. located within Nevada Power service territory.  Unit ID: LV Cogen. unit located in North Las Vegas  Could be sold at Nevada Power system, Mead 230, Navajo, McCullough, Red Butte.  Saguaro Power Company located within Nevada Power service territory.  Unit ID: Saguaro Power unit located in Henderson Nevada.  Sale Points: Nevada System, Mead 230, Navajo, McCullough, Red Butte.  Grays Harbor Paper L.P. located in BPA service territory. Behind Grays Harbor PUD.  Unit ID: Grays Harbor Paper unit located in Haquiam, WA.  Sale Points: Entire Northwest interconnect.  Willamette Ind. located in PacifiCorp's service territory.  Unit ID; Willamette Ind. Albany Paper mill, located in Albany, Or.  Sale Points: Entire Northwest interconnect. 
 I think we ran into this problem before where the California schedulers, for whatever reason, didn't pull the .8 Riverside deal into their sheet, and therefore I didn't see it or add it to the EES sheet. Let me just check with Phil on this to make sure he didn't do it for a reason; then I can amend the sheet and re-send it.  And on the Wed./Thurs. generation volumes - I can only assume that Phil spoke with Riverside at some point about the change to .55, but again I need to speak with him to verify this. He should be in the office soon, and I'll let you know as soon as I find out.  Thanks, Kate 
 Here you go, Kim. I've added a couple more counterparty names to your list, and made a few minor changes that I thought might clarify the reasoning behind and origination of these "no confirm" deals. The one counterparty name I couldn't recall was Bonneville - do you remember who requested that we not confirm these?  Please let me know if you have any questions on the additions.  Thanks, Kate 
 Hey Kysa - I hope you're still at your computer. Amy's number is 464-7404. I'll try to call you in a minute and make sure you got this. And yes, dinner's still on, even though I'm feeling motivated to make toast or something equally effortless, so come without an appetite. (Just kidding - but I'm seriously open to suggestions.)  Kate 464-7486 
 This is approved and auto-scheduled. And don't worry about all the end of the month changes - they're very simple to make.  Thanks, Kate 
 I see the deal showing a price of $119.76, which matches the sheet for 4/9. I'm sending you the sheet I'm looking at in case you don't have the latest version. Please let me know if you still don't see the correct price.  Thanks, Kate 
 Just a heads up from Chris Foster - 
 This deal is definitely on peak, says Matt Motley. It's a spread trade with Natsource, and both are logged in his book as on peak. Let me know if the broker still disputes this.  Kate 
 Judy - I just heard from Kim Hundl in Confirms that you had a discrepancy regarding a Short Term West Hourly deal entered for 4/4/01. Deal 570892 was originally entered as a buy of 5 MW for hour ending 11. Then the trader extended the deal, which is something Real Time traders do often, but when they do they rarely modify the deal in EnPower Deal Entry. They simply make the change in Scheduling. Because of that, unfortunately, you can only see the true total volume of the deal in our scheduling system.  At any rate, I've corrected the Real Time sheet for 4/4 to show the correct volumes for the correct hours; and I'm terribly sorry for the confusion. Please feel free to call me or e-mail any questions you have regarding EPMI's coverage of EES's load. I'm noticing that nine times out of ten, the discrepancies originate when Real Time is hurriedly sending spreadsheets to you guys and not making sure that they match the deals we have in EnPower. Also, I was wondering if you could tell me what database or report you're looking at to tie out our deals with your records. I think if I knew more about your perspective, I'd be able to help more efficiently.  Attached is the revised Real Time spreadsheet for 4/4. And again, please call with questions.  Thanks, Kate 
 So, I got the scoop from Phil, and he says that YOU called him and told him the Riverside deal would be decreased to .55 from the usual .8 - go figure! Also, it looks like Jeremy just missed the .8 mw of generation in the 4/15 and 4/16 sheets, which in turn I did not include in your sheet. I've revised it and attached the spreadsheet, but please let me know if you have any other questions. 
 Melissa - I think we've finally reached a conclusion on the long term PX Index deals. I've entered the following comment in the six deals still in the system with Constellation at the old index:  Constellation and EPMI have agreed to leave deal at PX Index. Counterparties' positions tie out - index price should not be relevant; however, index offset will. Per Bob Badeer, 4/18/01. KS  This is exactly how Bob explained it to me, and he said it was exactly as Constellation understood it as well. So if this sounds good to you, I think we're set. If not, please let me know and we can make whatever changes are necessary.  The deal numbers, for reference, are - 453152/453175/453294/462109/471888/471889  Thanks for your patience on this, Kate 
 I've changed deals 581499 and 581605 to Sierra Pacific Power. They're suposed to be transmission deals, they were just in with the wrong counterparty name. And thanks again for working so hard to finalize this Sierra Pacific Holding Co. thing.  Kate 
 No - they won't be calcing for another half an hour or so. 
 Yes, it should have been Sierra Pacific Power Co. I've changed it in EnPower. These traders' heads are starting to spin with all the variations on counterparty names, as I'm sure yours is as well!  Thanks, Kate 
 BLOOMBERG 585337 - changed to APS I can't remember - did we decide to use APS as CTPY name with Bloomberg only until they change it to Pinnacle in their system? This won't mess up confirms later?  AMEREX 585230 - del. point is palo, says Driscoll - he's calling his broker to clear this up  Thanks, Kate 
 I've auto-scheduled deals 566424 and 566426, and I'm including the Real Time spreadsheet for 4/9. The volumes I see in this sheet match the deals in our Scheduling system exactly (deal in question was 576512). Please let me know if this sheet is different than the one you were given, or if we've got another problem. And let me know if those first two deals show up on your CARP report.  Thanks for your time on this, Kate 
 Thanks for fixing that stuff, Stan. Do you need me to autoschedule the deals?  Kate 
 Chris Foster has requested that we set up a new broker - the Automated Power Exchange, in EnPower. It is the same counterparty we already have in EnPower, with the same name and contact information. Melissa, I believe you said we could pretty easily add the name in the broker list if it was the same as in the counterparty list, which Chris has verified it is. Please let me know if you need anymore information.  Thanks, Kate 
 I'm so stoked you're going to Buena Vista Social Club. I can't believe you are such a rotten "bik" that you didn't invite me. What's up with that?  My advice on the Outward Bound thing is to hold off. Not for selfish, wine-swilling reasons, of course; but because I know how tiring it gets to be living out of a suitcase with no dinero for a period of time. I have to say that sticking around Portland for the last six months has given me a renewed sense of mental health. Granted, I'm not totally sane yet, but at least I can imagine what it would be like. If you came home and turned right around and went to Colorado, you'd feel unprepared and maybe a little overwhelmed. Think carefully about how much Outward Bound would pay you in comparison with how much money you actually need to get by. Then add $500/month to that figure, and you'll be about right. It always sounds easier than the reality - I'm only speaking from Maui experience here.  If you want to do a whirlwind Denver thing and have a great, rustic, totally broke time, then totally go for it. But if you feel like you're getting to the end of your rope with scraping by and feeling unsettled - which it kind of sounds like you are - then hang in P-town for awhile. Like I said, I'd feel SOOOO much better about taking off on my next adventure NOW than I would have even a couple months ago. And it's only been six months since I got back - that's not really too long to wait. In the meantime, you don't have to live with mom. The Malachowsky's room will be open, although for all the help I've given them I wouldn't be surprised if they don't want a Symes there anymore. Then there's always my future apartment. I'm thinkin' downtown for sure.  Anyway, we'll talk more about it in Mexico. Don't stress - whatever you're meant to do, you'll end up doing whether you like it or not.  Love, Kate 
 These are done. 
 P.S. I mentioned this to you, Melissa. But just a reminder that we need the default broker fee on this to be $.03.  Thank you! 
 I just entered these deals for Mark -  586761 - sell pac 586763 - sell bp  Thanks, Kate    Stephanie Piwetz   04/19/2001 01:43 PM 
 These have been changed - and I changed the broker fee in 586569 to $15 flat.   Stephanie Piwetz   04/19/2001 02:19 PM 
 It looks like both of these are in with Pacificorp. Were they corrected?  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   04/19/2001 02:41 PM 
 I just spoke with Heather Dunton in Risk, and she said they've had problems valuing index forward deals that settle at the last 5-day NYMEX average. So to remedy the situation, they're taking a fifth of the volume out of the deal each day, beginning five days prior to the expiry date. In this case, the expiry date is 4/25/01, so they began with taking 5 MW out of deal 585480 and putting it into a fixed price forward deal - 586775. Each day Heather will take another fifth of the volume in 585480 and put it into 586775, and she'll average the fixed prices each day to eventually end up with the last 5-day average. That's the long and short of why this new forward deal - 586775 - doesn't need to be confirmed. Our position with Deseret stays the same - it's just split between two deals temporarily.  Please call Heather or me with any questions. She's going to add another comment in both deals to indicate the changes she'll be making, so it should be apparent to everyone that 586775 does not need to be confirmed at any point. When we get to the expiry date, Heather will kill that fixed forward deal, since the index price will pull into the system and 585480 will value properly.  Sorry for the winded explanation, but I thought it was better to give you more than less!  Thanks, Kate 
 Thanks a lot, Dave.  Kate 
 587415 - changed to Bloomberg  All the rest of these were just entered, except last deal  Tom buys AEP May PV 283.00  Tom does not recognize this trade - is APB sure of the terms? 
 You're probably right, Sharen, since the counterparty continues to send confirmation letters with FPL Energy Power Marketing instead of Florida Power & Light. Unfortunately, the marketer who contacts our trader to transact identifies himself as being with Florida Power & Light, which is where I believe the confusion is coming from. I'll let the traders know of the correct counterparty name, though.  Thanks for the heads up, Kate 
 P.S. I changed this deal to FPL. 
 Hi Rhonda -  I was told you're the person to contact regarding changes in the Enpower counterparty list. Several items are outdated or have gone through many different versions, and it's made somewhat of a confusing situation for the traders and others who do deal entry. My sensitivity to this is heightened because I'm new to the Deal Control position here at the Portland West Desk, and I'm still getting used to which names we use and which we don't. Monica Lande suggested I ask you about it, although she pointed out that if we've ever booked a deal under any of these counterparty names, then they need to stay in the system.  I'm wondering if there is any way to weed out some of those extra selections. For example, Duke and El Paso both have five different names in the system; Arizona Public Service Company has become Pinnacle; and other names were just tests that are no longer used.  Please let me know whenever you have a free moment - this is certainly not an urgent request, and I completely understand if the list needs to stay as is. Just checking.  Thanks, Kate 
 This deal has been changed from Pinnacle West to Arizona Public Service Co.  Thanks, Kate 
 I received a message today from one of the brokers at ED&F Mann, who said he was waiting on our payment for a Palo Verde futures contract for April. I remember something like this happening last month, and I remember you two coming to the rescue, which is why I'm asking for your assistance. If either of you get a chance on Monday, let's get together and figure out why this hasn't been paid, or maybe why it HAS been paid and not received.  I believe the deal in question is 531782 - Long Term Southwest buys from Avista for the month of April, price $196, trade date 2/26. Doesn't this seem eerily reminiscent of the last contract that ED&F Mann didn't receive payment on? Was it Avista that time too?  The contact at ED&F Mann is Martin, and his number is (212) 566-9329. Just let me know when you have a moment to talk.  Thanks, Kate 
 Kate Symes Student No. 569430668  1. The invention of the french fry would result in an increased demand for potatoes - that is, the demand curve for potatoes would shift outward. This would result in an increase in price, and a corresponding increase in supply. As the supply curve comes up to meet the new, higher demand curve, we would actually see an increase in overall demand, supply, AND price. The statement is wrong in assuming that increased supply equals a lower price.  2. a. The value of one bottle of beer to me between points A and B is 8 bottles of soda. b. I am therefore indifferent between bundles A and B, because they both allow me the same frequency of use and same level of satisfaction. c. Bundle E must include about 216 bottles of soda in order to make me indifferent between it and bundle D. This follows from the logic that, when I have 100 bottles of soda, it would take about 8 more to make me give up one bottle of beer in the bundle. Here I have 200 bottles of soda - I would need AT LEAST 8 bottles of soda to make me give up one more beer in another bundle with the same frequency of use.  3. Firstly, this legislation produces a disincentive for parents to travel with children on an airplane because it increases the already high costs associated with flying. Add to this the somewhat more relaxed rules of the highway, and you might find more families taking road trips on their next vacation. This is a potential secondary effect of the legislation which could actually increase injuries and fatalities - secondary because it would not be directly associated with injuries caused in airplane crashes, but because it would incent people to find other, possibly more dangerous, modes of transportation.  4. Auto safety legislation puts constraints on auto makers to make cars as safe as possible while still maintaining a profit. It also narrows consumers' choice sets when buying a new car. A person buying a car in a country with no auto safety legislation might make auto safety a priority in their decision. In a country indoctrinated by Nader's book, the choice between whether to buy a safe or unsafe car is taken away - all cars are made equally safe. Because of this, car-buyers have less incentive to drive safely and more leeway to choose their car for other reasons. Soon, safety in a car becomes a moot point and the car buyer is only concerned with a good price or other incentives. Auto accidents increase because there is no longer an incentive to drive safely - legislation has made cars, in consumers' minds, indestructible. If cars are indestructible, so then are the people in them.  5. a. My demand curve shows that I would purchase 1 gallon of soda at a price just under $10. So when I purchase 5 gallons at $5 a gallon, I am better of by $12.50. b. I can purchase 3 more gallons of Diet Coke when it is priced at $3 a gallon than when it's priced at $5. Therefore, I'm better off by $2.50 - a gain of 3 gallons times a decrease of $2 divided by 2. c. If Diet Coke was free, I'd consume up to 10 gallons of it before it wouldn't be worth it for me to consume anymore. My consumer surplus is $50.  6. a. A will sell chairs to B. A can make 5 chairs in the time it takes him to build 1 table, while B can only build 3 in the time it takes him to build a table. (A's chair-to-table time ratio is greater than B's - 1/2 to 1/3.) b. A will buy tables from C. C can make a table in only twice the amount of time it takes him to build a chair, while A takes five times as long to build a table than a chair. (A's table-to-chair time ratio is greater than C's - 5 to 2.) c. B will do neither. Since B can make chairs faster (rate of 1/3 for B to 1/2 for C), B won't buy chairs from C. And because C can make tables faster (rate of 2 for C to 3 for B), B can't sell tables to C.  7. a. The equilibrium price is $3.96. -10 + 50P = 200 - 3P 53P = 210 P = 210/53 $3.96  The quantity is 188 textbooks. -10 + (50)(3.96) = 188 200 - (3)(3.96) = 188 188  b. The sticker price becomes $6.79. -10 + 50(P-3) = 200 - 3P -10 + 50P -150 = 200 - 3P 360 = 53P P = 360/53 $6.79  The market quantity stays at 188 textbooks.  c. The sticker price becomes $3.79. -10 + 50P = 200 - 3(P+3) -10 + 50P = 200 - 3P - 9 201 = 53P $3.79  Market quantity decreases marginally to 179 textbooks.  d. If the seller pays $3 per book in taxes, the seller charges $6.79 and receives $3.79 per book. If the buyer pays $3 per book in sales tax, the buyer pays $3.79 per book. The costs are equal despite which party is paying the tax.  e. The government collects $564 ($3 tax times 188 books) in tax revenues for this set of terms.   8. a. The equilibrium price is $42. -10 + 5P = 200 5P = 210 P = 42  The market quantity is 200.  b. The sticker price becomes $210 - t. -10 + 5(P-t) = 200 -10 + 5P + 5t = 200 P = 210 - t  c. The government takes in a tax revenue of 200t. There are deadweight costs associated with this tax because the supply is more elastic than the demand for insulin. Therefore, consumers will bear more of the burden of the tax.  9. a. Affects supply; supply curve will increase; price and quantity exchanged will increase b. Affects demand; demand curve will decrease; price and quantity exchanged will decrease c. Affects supply: supply curve will decrease: price will and quantity exchanged will decrease d. Affects supply: supply curve will increase; price will decrease, quantity exchanged will decrease e. Affects supply: supply curve will increase; price will decrease, quantity exchanged will decrease f. Affects demand: demand curve will increase; price and quantity exchanged will increase g. Affects demand; demand curve will decrease; price and quantity exchanged will increase h. Affects supply: supply curve will increase; price will decrease, quantity exchanged will increase 
 Sounds great - I'm thinking tomorrow or Wednesday night might be the best, but let me know what works for you. Glad you survived a weekend with the "lesser" of the journalistic species.  Talk to you soon, Kate 
 Andrew - My login name is "ksymes" and my password is "kajt8kajt." Thank you so much for your attention to this problem.  Kate 
 It's been changed to CAISO energy.  Thanks, Kate 
 Chris is entering those deals right now.  Thanks, Kate 
 Following are the deal numbers for interdesk swaps between STCA and STWBom for Monday and Tuesday. I'm sorry again for forgetting on Friday.  587941 STCA sells 25 to STWBom 4/23/01 $231.23 PGE3  589743 STCA sells 25 to STWBom 4/24/01 $266.00 NP-15  Let me know if you have questions on these. I presume Phil talked to you about why he put the deal in at PGE3 for Monday and NP15 for Tuesday. Apparently it doesn't have any relevance until FSP is up and running, but it may affect you guys differently. Just let us know if it's a problem.  Thanks, Kate 
 Mark's changing deal 581615 to APB - he had it in with Bloomberg.  Thanks, Kate 
 566424 and 566426 have been auto-scheduled - just FYI. And I'm still working on the others.  Thanks, Kate 
 Wow! I bet you're sick of explaining that one to all the newcomers. That's about what I figured was going on - an overlap of names used by different members of the Enron family.  Thanks so much for taking the time to respond and explain. And thanks for the welcome!  Kate 
 FYI  Following are the exact definitions of each Dow Jones Index Price in which we participate. This was originally a question Stew had, but I thought it might be helpful for all of you to be able to reference. I'll keep a copy of these definitions at my desk as well.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Kate 
 He hadn't mentioned it, but I'd love to meet with him as well. Just let me know when. And keep me up to date on the tomato happenings, will ya!  Kate 
 It's been changed to CAISO.  Thanks, Kate 
 It's been changed to SP.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've received a message from the confirms group that the following deals need unit names in the comment section. If you e-mail them back to me, I can enter them into the deals.  586090 - LADWP 586092 - EWEB 587312 - SRP 587314 - EWEB 587316 - EWEB  Let me know if you have any questions or need assistance.  Thanks, Kate 
 Andrew -  I just heard that you've been trying to reach me today with no success. I'm actually sitting at a new desk and periodically checking my old voicemail extension, but the best number to reach me on is (503) 464-3827.  Thanks, Kate 
 A suggestion:  One of the most interesting books I've read recently is called "The River Why," by David James Duncan. I believe he's from the Pacific Northwest. It's about fishing and religion. Check it out.....if your gigantic FINANCE brain can fit it in.  Kate 
 Hey - have you read "Options, Futures, and Other Geeky Things that Finance Nerds Obsess About"? 
 Both of these just went in. Let me know if you don't see them yet.  Kate 
 I just spoke with Jesse Bryson in Real Time, and he said this should actually be 2 buy-resales - one from Four Corners to ZP-26, and one from ZP-26 to NP-15. Let me know how that sounds to you, and I'll enter the deals.  Thanks, Kate 
 Tom neglected to put the broker in on this deal. It's number 463045.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   11/20/2000 02:43 PM 
 Don't worry about it! I got home and had to shower the day off of me, and by the time I got out Dave was (randomly) walking through the front door. Then he and my new roommate Chase and I all had tuna fish sandwiches and milkshakes for dinner. It was sooooooo good. And I am soooooo easily pleased. It's gorgeously sunny and warm here today, so I might have to go for a bike ride after work. Then I've got to ream Amber for being the most pathetic, loser roommate on the face of the earth (more on that later.) So we DEFINITELY need to talk. I'll call you tonight.  Love, Kate 
 Sharen - These deals have been changed to CAISO.  Real Time - FYI 
 I'm sorry about that! It looks like the NW traders were adding to their sheet while I was transferring data from it, so I didn't have the most updated version this morning. This should look better!  Kate 
 So sorry for not getting back to you sooner - it seems I've acquired two new jobs in addition to the full time schedule I already kept. But tonight still works for me - just let me know when and where.  Kate 
 Geir Solberg in Real Time is fixing this right now - I'll let you know the new deal number in just a second.  Thanks, Kate 
 Okay - I won't be able to get out of here before 5 p.m., so 6 p.m. might be better. Also, I am car-free these days, and I completely forgot you wanted to meet east of the river. Would it be too much trouble to meet in NE - that's where I live, and there aren't any buses directly from SE to NE, unfortunately. Let me know if this works for you. Sorry for the hassle!  Kate 
 Geir zeroed deal 581368, and added deal 592672. There is another deal corresponding with this that completes the path from Four Corners to NP-15. Please let me know if you see this come through.  Thanks, Kate 
 Sure - let's do the Lucky Labrador, if it works for you to give me a ride home afterward (or I could cab it - that's become my new favorite mode of transportation). So unless I hear otherwise, I'll see you there at 6.  Kate 
 BLOOMBERG Sean - just entered 592703  AMEREX Chris - already in - 592680 
 Jeff's deal is in correctly - 592700 Mark's was in with Pinnacle - it's been changed - 592705 
 Tom does not have record of this deal at all. And I checked with the schedulers - they don't have it down either. Is APB sure this was with El Paso - we have similar deals from the Short Term Northwest desk with other counterparties. Let me know.  Kate 
 After a little more digging, I've found that the deal NYMEX was referring to is the same one we dealt with a month ago. I spoke with Tracy Green, one of our contacts at Avista, and she had been dealing with the same issue all day. Apparently, when Avista first incorrectly reported that we hadn't made a payment, it set off a domino effect of doubts that seems to still be falling. So NYMEX called EDF Mann, our futures clearing broker, today to assure that payment would be made today.  Tracy had been speaking with her broker at ABN-AMRO; I had been speaking with ours at Mann; and NYMEX had been communicating through both of these entities to us. I've left a message with John Croddock at NYMEX to discuss this directly with him. His number, if you'd like it for your own purposes, is (212) 299-2146.  Other contacts are Tracy Green, Avista, at (509) 495-8535, and Gary (?), ABN, at (212) 859-1212.  As far as Avista, ABN, ED&F Mann, and EPMI are considered, the March Palo Verde futures contract has been paid, and paid on time. I'd like to speak with John at NYMEX to tie up any possible loose ends on this. Please let me know if you have any questions or suggestions.  Thanks for your help, Kate 
 You're welcome for my attention to this matter.      Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 This deal is a placeholder for our futures position that rolled off yesterday. We're awaiting our counterparty match-ups, which I asked Jason Fischer about yesterday. He said the broker wouldn't have those until today. I'll let you know once we've changed the deal accordingly.  Thanks, Kate 
 Yes - I finally reached someone at Avista who had been working on the problem as well. She filled me in on a few things, and I straightened out the story with our broker. It turned out to be Avista's fault - they failed to report to their broker that we paid them for a futures contract, and that triggered a domino effect of payment inquiries. We did pay, and the record shows that.  Thanks for following up!  Kate 
 Thought you guys might like to know that our voice mail system is down until later this afternoon. Also, I'm filling in for one of the California Schedulers who'll be out of the office for an indefinite period. Please reach me on this extension until further notice (yours and mine!):  (503) 464-3827  Or, if it's an emergency and you can't seem to make it out of the tangled web of receptionists and other phone-answerers, call my cell phone at (503) 819-2181. And of course, there's always e-mail.  I apologize for the confusion and for any inconvenience this may cause. Thanks for bearing with us!  Kate 
 Thanks so much for getting back to me on this! I actually found the deal number (after suffering a small heart attack) and the signed confirmation in Livelink. It ended up being an Avista error that circled back to us. It's cleared up with all involved parties now, but it was a little scary for a minute there. Anyway, no need to do anything more, but thanks again for your response - and I hope you feel better soon.  Kate 
 Here's the latest info. regarding Bloomberg's ability to accept deals with Pinnacle West (formerly Arizona Public Service Co.). From now on, we'll enter ALL deals with Pinnacle, despite Bloomberg's slow response to the counterparty name change. If you never knew that Bloomberg wasn't accepting confirms with the name Pinnacle on them, then disregard this message and continue as you were.  Thanks, Kate 
 He's right - I've changed it to flow M-S only (on peak hours). Thanks for catching that!  Kate 
 Both deals were just entered - you should see them come through now.  Thanks, Kate 
 I actually just changed that one, per Mike Swerzbin.  Thanks, Kate 
 This document accompanies two e-mails I forwarded from Carla - the last EOL Deal Summaries completed for the months of August, September, and October 2000. I hope these are what you're looking for.  Kate 
 Broker is correct - I've changed these deals to May. 
 I've left a message for Stewart Rosman, the mid-marketer who did this deal, to find out whether or not he wants this confirmed. Diana Scholtes said she thought he did, in which case I need to determine with him what kind of deal this should be, and we'd need to confirm the first leg. I'll let you know as soon as I hear back from him.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've changed both of these. Thanks a lot for the info - you know, I went through all of this before, even to the point of looking up the contract with Christian Yoder - but the traders need it beaten into their heads! I'll remind them, and we'll see what happens......  Kate 
 Just to keep you up to date on this - I was told to call Larry Joe Hunter today for our counterparty matchups on the May futures contracts. I left him two messages, but never got a call back. I wonder if he's out of the office? Anyway, I'll definitely get a hold of someone tomorrow - if I can't I'll just go straight to the broker - and we'll get this deal out of the New CTPY status.  Thanks, Kate 
 We have a match-up - and it's Powerex. The deal has been changed.  Kate 
 No problem! That's very sweet of you to thank me, though. It was my pleasure.  Kate 
 <HTML><HEAD><TITLE>Server Error</TITLE></HEAD> <BODY><H1>Server Error</H1> This server has encountered an internal error which prevents it from fulfilling your request. The most likely cause is a misconfiguration. Please ask the administrator to look for messages in the server's error log. </BODY></HTML> 
 592053 - unit name is Las Vegas Cogeneration  592055 - unit name is Grays Harbor  I've added these in the comments section of the deals.  Thanks, Kate 
 595043 - CHANGED TO WILLIAMS/ADDED 15.00 FLAT BROKER FEE 595042 - CHANGED TO TUSCON  Other deals are just being entered now. 
 595511 - buy Idaho, May, Mid-C, 330  And on the Bloomberg confirms re: Mid-C - I'm pulling up the contract through Livelink, because Sean wants to make sure the language does not allow for curtailment at Mid-C if another unit in the path goes down. He says our Mid-C is unrestricted anyway, so we shouldn't need another name in Enpower. Is this the first time you've seen this delivery point name in a confirmation? Hold off on this confirm for just a minute while I go over this with Sean.  Thanks, Kate 
 I was alerted this morning to the urgency with which certain people in the Portland office need this information; so I think it might help if they were added to the e-mail list for name change/merger notifications. Following is the list of Portland West Desk employees to add:  Kate Symes Carla Hoffman Jeff Richter Chris Mallory Phillip Platter Jeremy Morris  Thank you so much for your help.  Kate 
 Sean just looked these confirms over, and skimmed our contract with Aquila, and he said the language is fine as it is. I guess Unrestricted Mid-C is just a reiteration of Mid-C. If this causes a problem with your confirm process, though, I would have Bloomberg change it. It doesn't seem like we should have to go to the trouble of adding another, redundant delivery point name in our system just because that's what they call it. I know that sounds mean - but I'm so slammed today I can't help it!  Thanks for your help, Kate 
 Sure - anytime. I usually do lunch around 11:30 - so I can get back in time to weather the afternoon storm! Let me know what works for you.  Kate  P.S. I hope you had a great birthday party on Saturday! I wanted to make it, but ended up on a terribly boring date instead. Go figure. 
 Did Chris Foster ever get back to you on this? I had asked him to let you know when he found out, but I wanted to make sure the information actually got passed along. Let me know when you get a moment.  Thanks, Kate 
 At long last, I've sorted through these deals and determined the source of most of these problems. I'll be calling you both shortly to go over these and make sure we all see the same thing. Here are a few things to note as you go over my responses:  566426 - rates have been changed/has this shown up on your CARP report yet? 578856 - deal done by Real Time trader at hour-ahead market price/will not correspond directly to the price shown in my spreadsheet 573862 - rate for this deal should not be $107 OR $168.45/it is an off peak sale from EPMI to EES, which means we go by the off peak short position price - shown in my sheet as $119.76  The newest deals in this variance list are Real Time. I've double-checked the deals in EnPower with what I see in the Real Time spreadsheets, and everything seems to match up. I'm attaching those sheets so we can ensure we're all looking at the same thing. If you have further discrepancies on these, the easiest way for me to clear them up would be if you include the specific hours you have questions about.  I'm terribly sorry for the delay in getting back to you on this - it's a twisted and time-consuming journey trying to find the source of these problems, as I'm sure you know! I hope this gets us up to speed, but please call me with questions or comments.  Thanks, Kate 503-464-3827   REAL TIME SHEETS  YOUR SHEET     MY SHEET 
 Thanks for the update, Kimberly. This looks great. I'll forward it on to the traders and keep it at my desk for reference.  Kate 
 This is approved and auto-scheduled.  Kate 
 Mike's in a meeting right now, but I'll check with him when he gets out. I don't see this trade anywhere in his trade log.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   04/30/2001 12:26 PM 
 I just entered an index deal for one of our traders, and came across something I hadn't noticed before. In EnPower, we have several choices for the Dow Jones Mid-Columbia index, but none called specifically "Mid-C Firm Peak." We have non-firm peak, and something called "Mid-Columbia Index."  I'm just wondering how to specify that I want the deal to settle against the Dow Jones Mid-C PEAK index. In this case, because I was entering a round-the-clock (all hours, all days) deal, I had to enter three different deals to specify the three different indices - Mid-C Peak, Mid-C Off Peak, and Mid-C Sundays and Holidays. But I don't see a Mid-C Peak choice, so I entered the first as Mid-C Index.  Deal numbers are: 597244 - Peak 597245 - Off Peak 597246 - Sundays/Holidays  I just wanted to ask because when you guys plug the index prices in here I want to make sure that "Mid-C Index" gets the peak price. Could you let me know if it doesn't? And if that's the case, then I'll need to have another pub code set up for peak price.  Thanks for your help on this. Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Kate 503-464-7486 
 596370 - changed to Reliant 
 596368 - changed to powerex 
 Chris - Would you mind e-mailing Evelyn your contact information at the APX? And I can't recall whether or not we wanted to confirm these trades. Let me know when you get a chance, and I'll take care of it with the Confirms group.  Thanks, Kate 
 The contact for Fresno Cogen is Ken Salvagno - phone number is 916-447-5171.  Thanks, Kate 
 Amy - This is a copy of the job description you sent out to the floor when I took the Deal Control position. I've modified it slightly to reflect some of my own observations of the position.  There is a position available in Deal Control, reporting to Jeff Richter and the Short Term California desk. If you're interested in applying, please contact Amy FitzPatrick by (INSERT DATE HERE).  Following is a summary of the responsibilities associated with this position:  To facilitate the entry of West Power deals, including short term and long term desks and the services desk, into the trading systems. Follow-up with Deal Clearing Settlements groups in Houston to verify accuracy of trades in the system.  This includes timely follow-up with the traders for clarification. Ensure that all trades are entered by a daily deadline. Calculate and report weighted averages of daily price and volume to Dow Jones. Prepare and distribute daily reports to ensure all books are balanced and report discrepancies to management. Track and report daily and monthly error discrepancies to management and deliver reports for possible solutions to rectify errors. Calculate weighted averages between brokered trades and trades executed through Enron OnLine and the Intercontinental Exchange. Report any technical mishaps to appropriate personnel in Houston and track computer problems until demonstrated resolutions. Test any updated versions of applications requested by programmers and report back any adjustments needed.  The most important attributes one must possess to succeed in this position are persistance and a positive attitude. Working knowledge of Microsoft Excel is essential, as is a general software aptitude.  How does that sound? Let me know if you need more.  Thanks, Kate 
 That's strange - I entered these deals for Matt yesterday, and specifically typed 2 p.m. into the expiry date. Somehow it changed over, but I've changed it back and re-saved it - so it should read 2 PM.  Thanks for catching that, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   05/01/2001 07:48 AM 
 In regards to the e-mail you just sent - this is the most recent information I sent you and Brooklyn. Is this what you were missing?  Also, in response to your question about deal 595155 - where we show a buy from EES but Brooklyn doesn't show a sale on her side - this deal is shown in EnPower as well as my sheet. If you looked in the fixed price column of the sheet for 4/28, under SP-15, you'll see a sale for 10 MW hours 6 through 22. I'm not sure what it is, but somewhere there's a missing link between us and EES, because on my side this deal looks perfectly normal.  I'll also be sending along some revised Real Time sheets per my conversation with Brooklyn yesterday - you should receive those shortly. In the meantime, look over my sheet and let me know if you see the deal in question on the 28th.  Thanks, Kate 
 Les - Here's the latest list of unit contingent deals in need of unit names. I've tried referring to your unit name list and entering them myself, but it looks like some delivery points correspond to more than one unit. I.E. Navajo can originate from LV Cogen OR Saguaro Power. If you could add these unit names into the deals, or let me know what they are so I can enter them, it would be much appreciated.  Thanks, Kate 
 Amy - I'd be very interested in participating in the Applied Energy Derivatives class. Please let me know if there is still room, and if there's anything else I need to do to sign up.  Thanks, Kate 
 Anytime! I try to at least PRETEND to the traders that we have civilized correspondence. Little do they know......  Kate 
 I'm not sure what's going on with these options, but I entered them as 2 PM expiry, then got a message that they were 2 AM from Stephanie Piwetz this morning, changed them AGAIN, and now they're back to 2 AM. I've changed them again, but I honestly have no idea why they keep going back. Please let me know if you see the expiry as 2 PM now.  Thanks, Kate 
 Elena, with Imax Town Cars, will pick you up today at 1:40 p.m. You now have a reservation with National Car Rental in Houston from today until Saturday morning. Your reservation number is 808752919. You can either check in at the National desk next to baggage claim and then catch the shuttle to the parking lot, or you can catch the shuttle first and fill out paperwork once you get out there. Have a great time in Houston. 
 Bob has fixed this to reflect off peak hours. 
 same response as the last e-mail 
 I'm interested!  Kate 
 All three if possible.....? 
 Thanks for letting me know about the change in this deal. I looked at the audit viewer, and it jogged my memory a bit. Mike originally entered this deal as Q2 off peak; then he came over to me the next day and said it should have been Cal'03-Cal'04. So we changed it, and it must have messed up the strips somehow. Anyway, if it checks out with the broker, that sounds good enough for me.  Thanks again, Kate 
 598166 - changed to 50 mw  598640 - changed to no broker  598521 - powerex sale changed to prebon for broker 
 This is an index forward, so for round-the-clock deals we enter more than one in order to have peak and off-peak hours settle against the different index prices. 596722 is the off-peak part of this deal, and 596723 is the on-peak part.  Let me know if this makes any sense.  Thanks, Kate 
 I'm really sorry about the confusion - I actually just got filled in myself. I entered these deals for Mike Swerzbin yesterday, but he gave me an incorrect delivery point (mid-columbia instead of montana system border). Then Cara Semperger, in Scheduling, went in to change the delivery point and felt that the deal should be combined into one with three legs instead of three separate deals.  So, in the end, she killed 597244 and 597245, and added two legs to 597246. I'm not sure she talked to John Malowney about any of this, otherwise he probably would have told her that he already approved the confirm letter.  Please let me know if you'd like comments added to this deal, and I'll do it right away.  Thanks for your help on this, Kate 
 Here's the path to the California prices sheet:  P:Trading/California/CAScheduling/Cash/Position/CA/2001/feb2001/Cal Prices  Have fun with that. 
 Here's the latest - The Short Term West Services desk bought power from Sierra Pacific Holding Co. for 4/29 and 4/30. Then, Bob Ellery, our contact there, called the Real Time desk and said they had lost a unit and needed to buy some of the power back from us. The deals are in our system as follows:  594854 EPMI buys Sierra Pac. NP-15 4/29 - 45 mw round-the-clock 4/30 - 40 mw round-the-clock $218 off peak $328 on peak  595714 Short Term West Hourly sells Automated Power Exchange (Sierra's scheduling coordinator) NP-15 4/29 - 19 mw round-the-clock $228 (Total Value = $103,968)  Because Sierra's buy-back was in the Real Time market, we sold to their SC, not Sierra itself. Also, confirm letters don't go out on hour-ahead trades, which could be why you're running into some confusion. Let me know if this helps, and I'll continue to look for a deal flowing on 4/30. The Real Time group told me there was one, but it's only for the first 6 hours, not the whole day.  I'll get back to you soon.  Kate 
 598736 and 598737 have been changed to off-peak hours. But I can't pull up 306927. Is this the right deal number?  Kate 
 These have both been changed - trader error.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've added a comment in each leg of 597246 - "Deal modified from three separate index-forwards to one deal with three legs." Does that work? And I'm checking with John Malowney now to see if the confirm you've already sent out will suffice - he's in a meeting right now. I'll get back to you in a moment.  Thanks, Kate 
 I just realized I never heard back from Mike on this one - is Powerex still saying the trade date is 4/26?  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   04/30/2001 12:26 PM 
 I can't seem to pull up 598391 - is that the correct deal number?  Kate 
 Does this mean that 598738 should be off peak hours as well? Because 598739 is only one side of a sleeve deal for EES. I would think that both sides need to have the same hours......  Let me know, and I'll change them accordingly.  Thanks, Kate 
 I double-checked with Bob, and he said Prebon reported these two trades as peak. The other two were in fact reported as off-peak - he just entered them incorrectly. But as far as this sleeve goes, there's no way one side is peak and the other isn't - Prebon has to make up their minds!  Again, let me know what you find out. Until then, we recognize the two trades as they are.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thanks. 
 Oh, I get it now.....  Thanks! 
 I've entered the following imbalance deals under STCA and STWBom desks.  599966 STCA sells Cal Imb NP-15 On Peak 38 MW  600031 STWB sells Cal Imb NP-15 On Peak 37 MW  Let me know if you have any questions.  Kate 
 Thanks for ending that, John. I've added comments to reflect the change in the three legs in deal 597246, so we should be all set now.  Kate 
 I'm sorry about that, Kim. I just got word from Les on these and I'm changing them as we speak. I'll e-mail you in just a minute when they're done.  Thanks, Kate 
 Jeff is just finishing entering his deals - he got stuck in a meeting.  Sorry! 
 I'm sorry this is late - I had a hectic Friday afternoon and neglected to actually SEND the sheet out. Thanks for the reminder, Pamela! 
 600395 and 600396 have been changed to 5/4 - 5/31.  600378 and 600379 have been changed to Q3-02. 
 I've changed it to Amerex. 
 That's the most beautiful e-mail I've ever read! 
 You have beef-cakes up there? Are they single? 
 To re-cap:  I've changed three Short Term West Hourly deals to reflect what all parties have agreed to - EPMI sells to Sierra Pacific Holding Co., HE 23-24 on 4/28, HE 1-24 on 4/29, and HE 1-6 on 4/30. Instead of selling to the Automated Power Exchange, we'll be using them as the broker, paying a $.03 per MW fee, and selling to Sierra Pacific. Following are the changed deal numbers, for reference:  595705 595714 595819  I believe this should clear up any discrepancies we had among different counterparties' invoices. Now all we have to do is cross our fingers....no, just kidding. Please let me know if you have questions, or if problems arise from these changes.  Thank you, Kate 
 Deal number is 600553. 
 I notified Jim Fell and Terrell Gault of the delay in getting the documents to them, and Jim actually said he had both the Business Plan and the EIS and therefore didn't need either. Hopefully the Business Plan will arrive from BPA today and I'll send it off to Terrell.  Also, I'm sorry about the errors on the place cards. I was in a hurry to get them out to Sir Not-So-Speedy and overlooked those details. I hope it didn't cause too much confusion.  Kate 
 I've checked with Matt Motley and changed 458712 and 458718 to reflect broker fees of .0075.  I've left a message for Mike Swerzbin to double-check. He has 457489 entered in his log book with no broker fee, but 459812 says nothing either way; so I'd like to get ahold of him before I change anything.  Thanks, Kate 
 Sean has fixed these - the computer picked up the off peak indices for the related deals - #465720 and #465723.  By the way, all our traders are inputting their deals now. I know you guys are checking out with brokers - we'll try to expedite the process.  Thanks, Kate 
 Both of these were trader errors and have been changed.  Thanks, kate 
 Sean Crandall just changed both of these deals. 464181 should have been a buy, and 464182 should have been a sale. Hope that checks out correctly - we couldn't find Diana Scholtes anywhere.  Thanks, Kate 
 Mike and Matt are just finishing inputting their deals. Please let me know if these don't come through in the next few minutes. Jeff Richter hit the wrong broker - the deal number is 467350 and I've changed it to Prebon.  Thanks, Kate 
 Bob confirms that this deal was over SP-15, not Palo Verde. Let me know if broker still has a discrepancy.  Thanks, Kate 
 I have one question about a receipt you have from Teala's Mexican Restaurant for dinner on Tuesday, Oct. 10. The total is $36. Did you have dinner by yourself, or with someone else? If so, who? Let me know when you get a chance so we can send this off and get you some money. 
 Bob has just finished inputting his deals. These should be in now. 
 Bob and Matt just finished inputting deals. 
 I've handed this over to Jeff Richter, who will speak with his contact at Aquila to sort this out. We were both confused about the discrepancy, however, because if the deal didn't exist there would have been problems in scheduling on Oct. 12; and so far we haven't heard anything. I'm sorry this didn't get taken care of more quickly, but Jeff was in a meeting this afternoon.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   11/27/2000 01:06 PM 
 Dave - I'm the new Deal Control staff person here in the Portland office, and I've been told you're the person to contact regarding counterparty match-ups for our futures deals this month.  The futures were done today, and if you could let me know of the corresponding counterparties as soon as you find out, that would be very helpful. If there is anything I should know about your job or how we might help each other work better, please let me know.  Thanks a lot, Kate 503.464.7486 
 Mom - I know how if feels when things start building like that. I'm finding that "alone time" is really the only way to cope - especially during the holidays. But don't worry about getting upset - you have every right. I am really sorry that I haven't helped you with Anna's finances, but I've felt so overwhelmed just making it to and from work everyday that I haven't managed to fit in much more. Just when I think I might be getting on top of things, I do something like lose my glasses, which then takes priority over everything else I thought I would finally be able to do, as I cannot see a word I'm typing at the moment. IThe madness is neverending! I hope it's comforting to know that no one has it anymore together than you do.  Kate 
 I've got Tim Belden checking on this. His first reaction was that it sould be confirmed. I'll let you know as soon as he gets back to me.  Thanks, kate 
 Just wanted to keep you posted on this deal. You called me earlier and said that the counterparty, Deseret, had recorded this deal with Enron buying. We entered the deal with Enron selling. I have Matt Motley, Kim Ward, and Tim Belden reviewing the tapes of Kim Ward's conversation with Desret last week, in which it is clear that she was selling to Deseret. She's spoken with her contact there, who still disputes the deal and says we were buying. They're all talking it over right now, and I'll let you know as soon as we make a decisiion on whether or not to change this deal.  Thanks for your patience, Kate 
 Finally! This deal has been deciphered and changed. I killed legs 3 through 7, which were all inadvertantly entered as forwards instead of index forwards. I checked on the Dow Jones Palo Verde index price for those days - 10/3/00 through 10/7/00 - and verified that 5% was greater than $5.00. Legs 2 and 8 already reflected the 5% offset, not $5, so I didn't change anything on these. The new leg numbers are 420886.52 through 420886.56. If there are any further changes to be made, please let me know. Otherwise, thank you so much for your patience and cooperation.  Kate 
 I revised it in the text. 
 Both 457489 and 459812 were logged in Mike's trade book with "no broker fee" written in the margin. I checked with Mike Driscoll, who helped Swerzbin enter the deals, who verified that these are sleeves of other deals and do not require broker fees.  Let me know if Natsource still disputes this.  Thanks, Kate 
 I have scheduled a conference call for Thursday, Oct. 19, from 4 to 5:30 p.m. Pacific Daylight Time. The call-in information is as follows:  Dial-in number: 1-888-830-6260 Host code (for Laura Wente only): 609790 Participant code: 105143  If you need further assistance or have questions, please call me at 503-464-3748.  Thanks, Kate Symes 
 1. 468359 is Mike Swerzbin's deal. He entered it incorrectly in his log. It's changed now.  2. 468404 and 468405 - Bob Badeer was given the wrong numbers by Amerex. He's changed the deals to reflect Amerex numbers.  3. 468302 is Donald Robinson's deal. I'm tracking him down right now to check on the term.  4. 468427 is $177, not $197. Jeff has really bad handwriting. I'll change this as soon as the calc is done (about 30 min.).  5. I've left Jeff a message - he's at an off-site meeting today and is probably giving a speech right now.l I don't see these deals in his trade log, so I really need to talk with him in order to find out whether or not he did them and where they might be.  Thanks, Kate 
 RE: The last deal was just called in by Smitty at Prebon. It's been entered and the deal numbers are 468526 and 468527.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thanks for the in-depth information on our man of the hour, Ken Lay. I never could have imagined he was such a diverse guy - walks on the beach, stormy evenings by the fire, kittens, karaoke? Who knew!  Do you think you could find out his star sign for me?  Thanks, Kate 
 God, that's so nice of you to thank me. So many of my students just spread their little wings and fly away, forgetting that I MADE them goddamit. Anyway, I'm glad you had fun in Maui. I honestly think it's pretty much impossible not to. I'm getting ready to go back, hopefully at the end of this winter when I'm nice and frostbitten, in time to see the whales, which by then will be like my family as I will have spent the previous six months porking out on turkey and stuffing and washing it down with quarts of eggnog.  If you're planning any more trips in the future, my full list of city guides can be accessed at www.katerockstheworld.com. It's a start-up operation, but I plan on retiring in about.....wait, hold on.....I just retired.  See ya! Kate 
 You're right. This deal does not need to be confirmed again, says Monica Lande. I'll change it in the system as soon as our calc is done today - about 4:30 p.m. PST.  Thanks, Kate 
 I just received the counterparty match-ups for next month's futures. They are as follows:  Deal #467455 60 MW 175.00 Palo Verde Z-00  10 MW to Sempra Energy Trading Corp. Contact: Chris Bennett 203-355-5604  50 MW to Southern Company Energy Marketing Contact: Mark 678-579-3470  Please let me know if you have any questions on this.  Thanks, Kate 
 Actually, no, there weren't any COB futures for December. Thanks for checking, though.  Kate 
 I'm sorry it's taken me so long to track down this name and number, but I finally spoke with someone at Puget who said Suzanne McFadden is the person you need to talk to. Her number is 425-462-3844.  If you need any other information, please don't hesitate to ask. ] Thanks, Kate 
 This deal finally got sorted out this morning. I believe Kim Ward and Matt Motley worked out another deal with Deseret to offset their loss on this one. But 465821 stands as Enron had it - we sell to Deseret.  If you have any other questions, please let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 RE: 468302  Sean Crandall just changed this deal to reflect only a December term. Prebon was right on this.  Thanks, Kate 
 Steve Thome can be contacted in Houston at (713) 853-5786. His office is located in EB 3115. 
 I'm sorry if I confused you with my e-mail last night, but I think I might finally have the futures figured out. Now, instead of one deal number with no counterparty name, we now have two deal numbers, two counterparties, and the correct number of MW in each. Imagine that! Here is the updated information:  467455 10 MW 175.00 Palo Verde Southern Company Energy Marketing Mark Watson  469098 50 MW 175.00 Palo Verde Sempra Energy Trading Chris Bennett  I hope this makes more sense; please let me know if there's anything else I can do.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've got Mike Swerzbin checking on this deal. He says Holli Krebs actually did the deal, so he's trying to get a hold of her right now to verify the term. I'll let you know as soon as I find out.  Thanks, Kate 
 Here are the deal numbers, with correct counterparty names and MW hours. I changed deal 467455 and added one new forward:  467455 10 MW 175.00 Palo Verde Southern Company Energy Marketing  469098 50 MW 175.00 Palo Verde Sempra Energy Marketing  Please let me know if there are anymore questions.  Thanks, Kate 
 RE: My newly formed case of dyslexia!  I switched the MW hours on these deals. 469098 should have 10 MW with Sempra. 467455 should have 50 MW with SCEM. These are correct in the system now, but I just wanted to alert you to my error.  Thanks, Kate 
 I'd like to introduce myself, as I'm sure we'll be in frequent contact in the coming weeks while I adjust to my new position at the Deal Control desk here in Portland. Please feel free to call or e-mail me with questions, concerns, alerts, or suggestions - I'm eager to learn as much as I can about this job and take it in new directions. So if there is anything I can do to make your jobs function more smoothly, let me know.  As a first order of business, thank you for the heads-up on the new version of Deal Entry. A couple of our schedulers have been experiencing delayed efficiency with the program  today - I'm not sure if that has anything to do with the new version or possibly our Terminal Server connection. Just wanted to let you know, in case anyone else has the same experience.  I look forward to working with you, and again, feel free to call me anytime.  Thanks, Kate Symes 503.464.7486 
 I guess I'll stop picking up random tennis balls off the street and carrying them around in my mouth. Bummer! 
 Thanks - Enron designed that stationary specifically for me. What with my penchant for exploding tennis balls and all. 
 I just heard back from Holli Krebs, who verified that Puget is right on this deal - the term should be December through February. I've changed it in the system.  Thanks, Kate 
 You got it. We're all on his case right now, so he should be done in just a minute.  Thanks, Kate 
 Hey, thanks a lot, Chip.  Thanks, Kate 
 I called around and, lo and behold, I found Steve's wife! She said you can go ahead and send it to their house:  Steve Thome 6506-B Taggart St. Houston, TX 77007  I guess People Finder isn't the most reliable way to find people. Hope this works. 
 Broker is correct - I've changed these both to 126.00.  Kate 
 I was just told that we are being sent the Credit Watchlist Update via fax, in addition to the one you send me via e-mail every couple weeks or so. Since I already receive and print out the list for all of our traders and mid-marketers, I thought it might cut down on some work for someone if they didn't have to fax it to us as well. I don't know if that person is you, or if you might know who I can contact; in any case, Iwe don't need the watchlist faxed to the Portland office. (Anything to take one extra step out of the day, right?)  Please let me know if I should contact somebody else.  Thanks so much, Kate 
 Just FYI - This should cut down on the paper trail a bit.  Kate 
 Thanks so much for your help, Veronica. 
 Thanks so much for setting this up. I'm so excited! And I promise not to scare these poor kids away.  Kate 
 Well, the origination tickets are up for grabs if you want them. I have been informed by Mollie, Oh Holy Keeper of the Tickets, that you must, and I quote, "come over here and beg me" if you want to procure free seats to tonight's game.  The ball is now in your court. I'd suggest driving down the middle, faking to the left, butt-kissing to the right, and taking it straight to the hole for a slam dunk. Good luck!  Kate "Nothin' But Net" Symes 
 Hey there Mr. Real Time. Looks like you did a deal with Pacificorp on 11/28 - EPMI STCA buys 8 MW @ $60 for hour 2. These eight silly little megawatts have unbalanced our book and driven the schedulers to near insanity. No, just kidding. But I think there should be a sale of 8 MW from Nevada to Mead on hour 2 somewhere in there. I don't know - I'm not the expert, which is why I'm asking you.  Will you please let Lisa Gang or me know how to fix this. I'm more than happy to do it, just wanted to double check with the man who created the mess in the first place. (Kidding again.)  Kate 
 Sean and Diana do not recognize this deal. They tried to check with the brokers, but couldn't get a hold of anyone. I'll let you know first thing in the morning whether or not this is good and what the deal number is.  Kate 
 Chris had two deals in and forgot to kill the one with the incorrect counterparty name. 470094 no longer exists, and the correct deal is number 470097.  Kate 
 Bob does not recognize these deals, and tried to check with the broker. He'll talk to TFS in the morning to verify these and I'll let you know ASAP.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've ordered the 1999 Annual Report for Scottish Power, as I noticed it was not in the company file. It should be here tomorrow or Friday at the latest. If you need the information sooner than that, I can download the report from the company's website, although the document is understandably bulky. Please let me know if you'd like a print-out.  Also, if you'd like, I can talk to Sue about CASA's financial needs. Mollie and I had discussed splitting the auction proceeds between two charities; in that way we can share the wealth and not inundate an organization with more than they can manage. It's something to think about in case CASA doesn't need much help.  Kate 
 Thanks a lot for getting that going, John. I'm sure it'll make Carla happy not to have my mistakes under her name anymore.  Kate 
 Diana is having Prebon look into this. It's not the kind of trade their desk would be doing right now, so they're skeptical; should just be a couple minutes.  Kate 
 This is a Tom Alonso deal; and it's for heavy load, and since 12/31 is a Sunday, the term will actually end on 12/30. I can change the end date in deal entry if that makes things less complicated; but either way the deal will end on the 30th. Please let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 Mike Driscoll input the deal for Swerzbin. He's sure it's Mid-C, because he wasn't trading any COB yesterday. He's having Prebon check their tapes, and they should get back to us in a minute.  Thanks, Kate 
 Bob talked with TFS this morning and has the deals in his trade log now. I'll get the deal numbers from him as soon as he inputs them, but you should see those trades in the system soon.  Thanks, Kate 
 Diana just heard back from Prebon. They had it wrong, and have now fixed it. There is no deal. Let me know if you don't see this change in the next few minutes.  Thanks, Kate 
 Bob finally entered these. Here are the deal numbers and details:  471546 Enron buys El Paso 25 MW 141.00 Palo Verde On Peak  471547 Enron sells EES 25 MW 141.05 Palo Verde On Peak  Thanks, Kate 
 471740 - Bob Badeer checked with Natsource. This is their deal. Broker mistake.  471315 - This was PGET. It's been changed.  471588 - This was 12/3, not 12/4. It's been changed.  Thanks, Kate 
 Jeff just finished inputting his deals - all of those should be there now.  Bob just changed 471555 and 471556 to Cal-02.  Sean changed the price to agree with Amerex - buy @280.00/sell @ 280.05.  Kate 
 All of Jeff's deals should be in. I spoke with Diana and she said she had entered these two deals. I'm looking for the deal numbers, but according to the trader, these are in the system. Let me know if you still can't find them.  Kate 
 I have re-scheduled your conference call for Thursday, Oct. 20, from 10 to 11:30 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time.  Dial-in number: 1-888-476-3762 Host code: 652393 Participant code: 234986  Should you have any questions, don't hesitate to call me at 503-464-3748.  Kate 
 Yes, this is correct. Les Rawson, our services guy, did this deal which he explained is a little strange because the company we're buying generation from didn't want to provide firm energy, so we're selling the unit contingent instead of firm to Avista. Anyway, that's how he tried to explain it to me. I hope that helps.  Thanks, Kate  P.S. Although the energy is correct in these deals, the days are not. I'll be changing 471884 and 471891 to reflect Mon. through Sat. on peak hours instead of M-S, Sundays and Holidays, on peak. 
 Yeah - I pretty much became part of the furniture yesterday as I recouped from the brutality of that weekend. I ended up at a random friend's house at about 4 a.m., then proceeded to down a couple beers and head for bed at about 6:30. I could not believe it when my alarm went off this morning - it's a cruel, cruel world when you've got a social schedule like ours. But I definitely had a good time Saturday, despite the fact that I was ditched by my ride and locked out of my house, which is never fun after a dozen cocktails. All in all, though, great party. 
 These two deals are with APB, not Amerex. I've changed them in the system. Thanks for the heads up.  Kate 
 This has been changed - I guess old habits die hard, huh!  Thanks, Kate 
 471977 was done with APB. I just changed it.  471975 was with Prebon. That's changed as well.  These deals were both sleeves in which Jeff entered the broker name on one side but not the other.  Thanks, Kate 
 This is actually deal #471975, which I just fixed because Jeff forgot to put the broker name in there. It is with Prebon.  Thanks, Kate 
 Oops, and one more thing. The price on this is entered both in Jeff's trade log and in Deal Entry as $214.95. I verified that with Chris Mallory, who's working on the California desk today. If Prebon still has a discrepancy, let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 Yes, this deal is with APB. It's been changed.  Thanks, Kate 
 I don't know if you saw my second e-mail, but I checked it out with Chris Mallory, who did the deal, and he verified the price at $214.95. If Prebon still disputes this, let me know and I'll have Mallory talk to Prebon.  Thanks, Kate 
 I actually did get that last e-mail, but somehow it ended up buried at the bottom of my in-box, just like so many other things. As far as the Blazer ticket trade, I believe I bought a call from you on the Laker game, and you bought the option from me on the Cavaliers - so I can choose to exercise on 12/13 at 7 p.m., and you can choose to exercise on 1/16 at 7 p.m. In other words, no matter what happens, I'm going to both games. Got it?  As far as good stories from that night, I probably have the best, or at least one of the more hilarious, of those circulating the floor. And no, it has nothing to do with me. Ask me about it later, and I might be able to give it up for firm delivery of a seat at next week's game. Think about it.  Kate 
 I don't know if this is at all what you were looking for. Jessica's version will probably work better. 
 As you may have gathered by now, the West Origination Group has purchased season tickets to see the Portland Trail Blazers on their path to championship glory. We have four seats which will be used primarily to entertain customers and foster outside business relationships.  Please look over the attached schedule and determine the game dates you would like to reserve. Tickets will be distributed on a first-come first-serve basis, so be sure to plan as far in advance as possible. Games that have not been reserved as of three days prior will be distributed internally or given to outside parties.    If you have any questions or would like to reserve tickets, please contact Blazer Command Central by e-mail, telephone, or in person. Include the date of the games you would like to go to and the name of the customers you will be taking.  Kate Symes, ext. 3748 Mollie Gustafson, ext. 3817 
 Thanks so much for doing that, Melissa.  Kate 
 These deals were entered about half an hour ago by Matt Motley.  473282 buy Avista 92.00 25 MW Palo Verde On peak  473281 buy Tractebel 73.00 Q4-02 Palo Verde On peak  Let me know if you still don't see these in the system.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've changed this to 50 MW - miscommunication between Puget and Richter.  Thanks, Kate 
 The first deal is no good - Bob checked it out with Smitty at Prebon.  The second two were Tim Belden deals. Following are the numbers:  473320 sells El Paso 25 MW 170.00 Mid-C Q2-01  473321 sells Grant County 25 MW 175.00 Mid-C Q2-01  Thanks, Kate 
 According to all the guys at the Long Term Northwest desk, this trade was cancelled by Bloomberg. Let me know if Bloomberg still thinks it's good, and I'll have the traders call over there.  Thanks, Kate 
 Just curious - did you ever catch up with Larry Joe Hunter regarding the Long Term Southwest desk's futures deal with Sempra? I'm wondering if I should grab Matt Motley before he goes home today to let him know he needs to get a hold of Tim Cannon about the ADT. Let me know when and if you talk to him.  Thanks, Kate 
 I realize this is late notice, but it just occurred to me that I never discussed my Christmas vacation plans with you when I transferred into Trading. I have a family trip planned and paid for, so I hope it won't cause too much chaos if I'm gone. I understand the tendency for people to feel lost and helpless without me.  I'm supposed to be in California with my dad on Dec. 22, then in Mexico with my mom from Dec. 26 to Jan. 2. So I basically need to miss four days of work. Again, I'm sorry to bring this to you so late, and I'd be glad to do any amount of work before or after, or even spend my holiday entering deals on the computer in some exotic Central American internet cafe. I've heard they're great places to rage.  We can discuss the logistics when you're back in the office. And by the way, the flame in this e-mail does not indicate anger, but rather is meant to be a festive, joyous, holiday-time explosion.  Kate 
 How did I turn around and suddenly find myself in December? Why is there a man parked outside my office incessantly tooting "Jingle Bell Rock" on his horn? When will I ever see my bare feet again? How annoying is it that I began this e-mail with lines of whining?  I hope the holidays are at least a somewhat more sincere experience in Vietnam than they are here. I guess I don't remember this kind of chaos in years past, but then I'm spending a lot more time in the commercial center of the city these days. Which, by the way, is going very well. I'm just getting to the level of familiarity with my new job that allows me time for pointless e-mails. It's been a steep learning curve, and I still have a long way to go, but that's what makes everyday interesting.  Other than work, I haven't had time for a whole lot. Thanksgiving was nice - saw a lot of friends from out of town and had enough meals with the family to satisfy, but not overwhelm, the quality time scale. Our office had its big holiday bash last weekend, which I kicked off the night before for no apparent reason and just continued the festivities for about 48 nonstop hours. There's snow on the mountain, so this weekend I might have to break in (or break, whichever comes first) my new snowboard.  Hope all's well on the other side of the world. It's kind of comforting to remind myself every once in awhile that there is another side, full of people who could care less about power trading and Portland, Oregon. By the way, I heard through the grapevine that Clinton was quite a hand-full. Good or bad? Or ugly?  Shoot me an e-mail when and if you get a chance. I'm out of here on the 22nd, and it will be so nice to see the sun again. If I don't see you, have a great vacation, and try not to be overwhelmed by the joyousness of the season.  Kate 
 This deal is with Mieco. It's been changed.  Thanks, Kate 
 These three deals, plus the one in the second e-mail you sent, are dead according to Chris Mallory. He said Prebon should not be confirming them. Please let me know if Prebon still disputes this.  Thanks, Kate 
 As you may have gathered by now, the West Origination Group has purchased season tickets to see the Portland Trail Blazers on their path to championship glory. We have four seats which will be used primarily to entertain customers and foster outside business relationships.  Please look over the attached schedule and determine the game dates you would like to reserve. Tickets will be distributed on a first-come first-serve basis, so be sure to plan as far in advance as possible. Games that have not been reserved as of three days prior will be distributed internally or given to outside parties.    If you have any questions or would like to reserve tickets, please contact Blazer Command Central by e-mail, telephone, or in person. Include the date of the games you would like to go to and the name of the customers you will be taking. 
 Dead deal. See previous e-mail. 
 Thanks for checking on this.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   12/05/2000 08:27 AM 
 I've spoken with Tim Cannon at Sempra, who said that what he needed was for our broker and his broker to talk to each other and agree that this deal has gone physical and is no longer on NYMEX. Then I talked to Matt Motley, who talked to his broker, who will now talk to Sempra's broker and hopefully solve this once and for all.  You're right though. There's no need for it to be this difficult, especially when we do it every month. I think it would be really helpful if we could get a hold of Dave Dupre to find out how this was handled before. If we can't, I guess we'll just have to determine who will take responsibility for making sure these deals are recognized as physical by both parties. I would be happy to do that each month when we exercise our futures options, but I want everyone involved to be aware of the procedure.  Thanks a lot for helping on this. Please let me know if you find out anymore.  Thanks, Kate 
 474520 - Should not be $210. Actually, Bob just changed the deal to $307, so it was in wrong, but he said Prebon's price is totally off.  474593 - Again, we had the price wrong, but so did Prebon. Mallory just changed it to $210.  These last two deals are in now - 474604 and 474605.  Thanks, Kate 
 This is Mike Swerzbin's deal, Long Term Northwest desk, which he neglected to input before our risk group started calcing. It's in there now and the number is 474641.  And Bob Badeer just entered his TFS deals, so you should see those in there now.  Kate 
 That's funny, because that's the guy who Mike Swerzbin and Matt Motley told me agreed to ADP the deal. I just gave him a call, but no answer. I'll try back in a bit, but I think we should be fine considering Mark Watts supposedly already agreed.  Thanks a lot, Kate 
 Yes, Mike would like special language included in this deal's confirm letter. I spoke with him and a couple of the other traders, who said that they were aware of the change coming in April-02, but weren't aware they needed to enter comments in the deal. I'm sending an e-mail out to all of them to remind everyone to enter comments in deals that go past April-02 if they want special language.  Please let me know if there's anything else I can do.  Thanks, Kate 
 You're welcome so much!  Kate 
 Just FYI - this is the kind of stuff I think makes this job so interesting! 
 I got a hold of Southern finally, and Mark Watts is out until Monday. The assistant who I spoke to knew pretty much nothing about this, so he said he couldn't verify whether or not they would be willing to ADP the deal. But according to our traders, they spoke with Mark Watts yesterday afternoon, and he agreed to ADP the December futures deal.  If this still seems to be a problem, please let me know. Otherwise I'll plan on talking to Watts on Monday.  Thanks, Kate 
 Done. 
 test    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 In regard to the special delivery point language for April-02 and beyond: Please use me as a liasion between the Portland traders and yourselves to ensure these deals get entered correctly. The traders are aware that they need to specify whether or not they'd like the counterparty to see this special language; however, if deals get through to the Confirms department without specification in the comments section, I'd like to be notified. In this way, we can resolve the matter quickly and efficiently and hopefully avoid a larger problem down the road.  Thanks for your help on this.  Kate 
 This is an index forward deal sold to EES by EPMI Short Term California - 80 MW, off-peak hours, on NP-15. I just spoke with Niclas, who confirmed this was the information he was looking for. If you need anything else, please don't hesitate to e-mail or call.  Thanks, Kate West Desk Deal Control 503.464.7486 
 Bob says this deal is on SP-15. Let me know if Amerex still disputes.  Thanks, Kate 
 I wanted to introduce myself and let you know that the Portland West Desk has a new person in Deal Control. I'm sure you know from working with Carla Hoffman that the position requires quite a bit of communication with your group regarding Enpower program development; so if there is anything I can do to facilitate the speed or success of your tasks, please let me know.  The first Enpower question I have is regarding the Enron Online Report. Apparently Carla had requested a few changes, which were then put into a stage version of the program. I'm wondering if we can get that report into production, and more importantly, if we can make a few more minor changes to it. Right now I'm running reports by logging on as Carla, which is fine, but eventually we'd like to see the EOL report up and running for everyone to use.  I know that Carla and Nicolay have worked on it in the past, and I think it would be relevant to talk with them about issues and obstacles they found in the report. I look forward to meeting you (via telephone or otherwise!).  Thanks, Kate 
 The first two are in. Deal numbers are 476581 and 476582.  476285 is no good. It's been killed.  Thanks, Kate 
 Mike is entering that deal right now. I'll get back to you with the deal number.  Thanks, Kate 
 This should be changed to CAISO energy. Please let me know what you'd like me to do - change the deal or wait.  Thanks, Kate 
 I know I already discussed time off at Christmas with you, but I have really indecisive parents who are divorced and like to do completely opposite things for the holidays, so I have one modification to make. If I could take off from Friday, Dec. 22, to Tuesday, Jan 2, then I can accomodate both of my parents and head off a potentially disastrous fight over which kids go with which parents. It ends up being two more days off than I had asked for before -  the 22nd and the 2nd. I'm really sorry to ask for so much time off, but I wouldn't do it unless my life were going to be in jeopardy if I didn't. Thank you!  Kate 
 It's done!  Thanks, Kate 
 She didn't "warn" me that you were cheesy, but she did mention you were a peach too! And anyway, I love cheesy e-mails.  But since I'm writing, I might as well mention that I have a deal that was changed last night by one of our traders, and I think it needs to be re-confirmed. It's deal number 476435 - Mark Fischer caught his own error and changed the delivery point from Palo Verde to Mid-C.  And speaking of confirms and all that good stuff, that's one area I was never really told about; so if you or anyone else in your group has any information to share - anything that I could do to make your jobs easier or to make our jobs synchronize better - PLEASE let me know. I'm very humble about how much I have to learn, so the more people teach me, the better.  I believe I'll be coming down to Houston after the new year to meet people, tour the place, and get a suntan! So if you don't want to call or e-mail with every detail, you can compile them all and give me the run-down when I'm there. Whatever works for you guys - just let me know.  Thanks a lot, Kate 
 Thank you!  The itemization was absolutely no problem, and please let me know when I can do things like that to make your job go more smoothly. I know the market got chaotic late yesterday; so I probably could have assumed that our net position would be off today and at least one other person would know that. But it seems that in this business, assumption can cause a small problem to breed and multiply into one of mammoth proportions down the line. So I thought I'd ask. In the future, is it you I should come to, or real time?  Thanks again for your help.  Kate 
 The broker put delivery point in wrong for a second and then changed it. It is Mid-C. 
 All of these deals are in the traders' books, and we're working right now on getting them in the system. Market is crazy, prices are insane, traders have been trapped in meetings all morning trying to get a handle on it. I'm sorry - we're hurrying.  Thanks, Kate 
 I guess EVERYONE is going at a mad pace today, because we just checked with the Amerex broker, who said he's in the process of putting that second deal in - meanwhile his back office is trying to check out! What the...? So Amerex should see the second deal, identical to the first, any second. Let me know if they still don't check out.  Thanks, Kate 
 Don't worry about it. Actually, I kind of like to know what the schedulers are dealing with, as oftentimes in the thick of things they're too busy to explain to me why and how something I do affects them. It's all about the chain reaction in this place, I'm beginning to notice. Heaven forbid I was the weak link!  Kate 
 Yes, but can we call you "with anything"? 
 These two are the same deal. We just added TFS in there as the broker - Mike forgot that. But we recognize the trade as Cal-01, not Q3-01. Mike just talked to the broker, who's going to pull the tapes from Friday to determine who's correct, but for now he wants to leave it as Cal-01. I'll let you know if we hear otherwise.  Thanks, Kate 
 Contact name: Kevin Markovich Phone number: 406-496-5476  Kevin actually sent an e-mail to Melissa Ann Murphy regarding this deal, so if you need more information, she'd probably be the one to go to.  Thanks, Kate 
 I took a message from Pat Brown at Avista this morning. She needed to book one more spa reservation for Jean Gonnella. The only time Jean can do it is between 3:30 and 6 p.m. on the Thursday they arrive. She would like a deep cleansing facial and a french manicure. If there isn't time for both, she'd just like the facial. Please call Pat and confirm the reservation time when you make it. Her number is 509.495.8123. Thanks!  P.S. I don't want you to think I'm passing the buck. I would have taken care of this myself, but Mollie said you had a bunch more reservations to make on Tuesday morning. Good luck, and let me know if you need help.  Kate 
 I've changed 469388 to include a broker fee - trader mistake. Mike Driscoll and Swerzbin swear that the other two should not include broker fees. Driscoll just checked with the Natsource broker, who cleared this up with his back office - so they should agree now. Let me know if there is still a discrepancy. I believe the Natsource broker is changing this.  Thanks, kate 
 Yes, these are deals 478198 and 478199. Both are entered under Natsource, and should be for Q1-01. 478199 was entered with the wrong price (165.05). It should be 164.95, and I'll change it when the Risk girls are done with their calc.  Thanks, Kate 
 I like that. It has a homey, Mister Rogers ring to it. 
 478199 has been changed to 164.95 price. And 477087 has been changed to Q3-01.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've forwarded this message to Geier and Bill Williams III, the Real Time manager, who will remedy the problem - probably something to do with deal blotter defaults.  Thanks. Kate 
 The strips in this deal have been changed. Total MW for the deal is now 24,800. If this solves the problem, great. If not, let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 The first two deals were already entered by Chris Mallory. Numbers are 478469 and 478477. I'll add APB as the broker on both those deals.  The third deal was not entered and is actually a buy from Idaho, not Entergy. 478978 buy Idaho 25 MW 325.00 Jan Mid-C Off Peak  Thanks, Kate 
 Deal number 478905. Jeff Richter forgot to put the broker in. I'll change it when the calc is done.  Thanks, kate 
 Per Greg Wolfe and Valarie Sabo: Do not verbally confirm these deals. Greg Wolfe is preparing a confirm letter himself. Sharen Cason was handling this account with Greg Wolfe, John Malowney and Valarie Sabo yesteday, so she would have more detailed information.  Let me know if that does it!  Thanks, Kate 
 You're booked in Mt. Bachelor from 9:30 to 11 a.m. on Tuesday. I'll swing by Starbucks in the morning and pick up a variety of bagels and cream cheese for six people. We'll get a pot of coffee in there and you should be set. Let me know if there's anything else I can do.  Kate 
 How many times will I have to remind them? Mike Driscoll added comments on both these deals - they would definitely like the special language added in the confirm letter.  Thanks, Kate 
 This deal has been changed to AEP.  Thanks, Kate 
 Here are the people who handle confirms in Houston:  Melissa Ann Murphy Sharen Cason Kim Hundl  EB 3115 1400 Smith Street Houston, Texas 77002  Hope that helps! Let me know if you need anything else.  Kate 
 If I don't drink anything, you get a ticket to the Blazers/Lakers game on Dec. 13. If I do drink, you pay for it. How's that sound?  Kate    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I thought it might behoove you guys to know about this, even though I am unclear as to its meaning myself. Basically, Cara made a change in scheduling that she did not change in Enpower, and it has to do with an ongoing deal being managed by the short and long term northwest desks.  In addition, Carla and I zeroed out a deal for Diana Scholtes in scheduling - 473338 - selling to Modesto at NP-15 for BOM on peak. For some reason, she just needed it zeroed out for tomorrow, so we did not change the deal in deal entry. If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks, Kate 819-2181 
 That sounds great. Just let me know when you guys are ready to run the test upload. I can validate the deals and help work out any glitches, although it sounds like everything will go smoothly.  Thanks for all your hard work on this - having the swaps automated will make my job much easier. Now you can kick back and relax before you make my job obsolete!  Kate 
 I checked both of these deals, and they each show no broker fee. Mark Fischer might have just changed this, but let me know if it's still not showing up in your system.  Thanks, kate 
 I figured you'd probably see Geir before I do. If so, would you check with him on these deals and find out if they should be with LADWPPX or Los Angeles Department of Water and Power? I have a feeling it's the latter, but I'd like to know for sure before I change the deals and eliminate the useless counterparty name.  Thanks, Kate 
 You're so right! I checked around and found that Arizona Public Service still does the transmission deals for Pinnacle West. I'll change both deals right away.  Thanks, Kate 
 Correct again....This deal has been changed. Also, I've forwarded these last two e-mails to Bill Williams III, Real Time manager, who can talk to these guys about using correct counterparty names in deal entry. In the future if you see errors or discrepancies in deals done by the Short Term West Hourly desk, please send the e-mail to Bill and myself. This will hopefully be a more direct way of nipping the problem in the bud.  Thanks for your help.  Kate 
 You'll be staying at the beautiful Phoenix Inn in sunny Eugene this Wednesday evening. You can check in at anytime, but if you need to cancel, let me know before 4 p.m. on Wednesday. Your confirmation number is 251832, and the reservation is under Todd Perry (to assist in the check-in process).  If you have any other questions, let me know or call the Phoenix Inn at 541.344.0001. And have a pleasant stay.  Kate 
 I've forwarded this to Bill Williams III, Real Time manager, who asked to be notified of problems and discrepancies with Short Term West Hourly deals. I'll change these deals in the system; meanwhile, Bill's going to talk to Geir about using the correct counterparty name.  Thanks for catching that.  Kate 
 I think I sent something about this to you yesterday - here's a friendly reminder from Houston. Let me know if you guys want help changing these deals.  Kate 
 Rhonda did e-mail me about these deals last night. I forwarded it on to the Real Time manager and trader who entered the deals. It was actually a new real time guy using another trader's i.d. because he was waiting for his own - I don't think this is the kind of mistake the veterans should be making. At any rate, Bill changed the counterparty name and trader i.d. in all of these deals.  Thanks for the heads up on this.  Kate 
 This deal has been changed.  Thanks, Kate 
 This is your missing deal for Jeff Richter:  480392 Buy Pac 12/17/00-12/18/00 50 MW NP-15 Broker: APB  Thanks, Kate 
 This deal was entered today - Matt Motley was trying to agree on terms with the broker, but they didn't get it all tied up until this morning. The deal is as follows:  Buy Calpine Palo Verde 25 MW Q3-01 $300 Broker: TFS  Thanks, Kate 
 Now that's getting into the Christmas spirit! 
 I talked to Diana Scholtes last night about this deal, and she looked at it this afternoon. She says the deal is definitely not entered correctly, but because it was done for the days when we got hit with transmission cuts, she wants to look into it a little further before she changes or kills it. She said she'd reconcile it tomorrow, and we'll let you know what we've done then.  Thanks for your patience, Kate 
 These have been changed. Thanks Kerri.  Kate 
 This deal was added awhile ago - number 480865.  Thanks, Kate 
 Please join me in welcoming Angela Cadena and Mike Danielson to Enron North America.  Angela has joined West Origination as a senior specialist. She comes to us from Toronto, Canada, where she did work in merchant banking for OMERS, a large pension fund, as well as investment banking and project finance for TD Securities. She is most proud of her latest project - a 15-month-old baby girl named Maxim.  Mike has been with Enron for more than two years in East Origination and Enron Online. He will be based in San Francisco as a Director for West Origination. Mike hails from Florida and comes to us most recently from Houston. Please introduce yourself and make him feel at home on his frequent Portland visits. 
 Two of these should have fees; two should not.  Add .0075 broker fee to: 477212  Add .005 broker fee to: 474434  No broker fee on: 468440 468444  This is per Matt Motley's trade book. I'll change the fees in the deals; and if you have questions about the deals with no fee, let me know and I'll call Matt to verify.  Thanks, Kate 
 This deal should have a broker fee. I'll change it in the system.  Thanks, Kate 
 Sorry for the confusion, Geir. When I got the e-mail from Houston it gave me the deal numbers and your name - I didn't even look in the comments section. My fault! If you let Porter know the correct counterparty shortname, that would be great. Thanks for your help.  Kate    Geir Solberg 12/18/2000 07:36 AM 
 Mike Swerzbin did not get a confirm from the broker on these deals. They were two sleeves done with EES, and Driscoll just entered them. Thanks for the heads up. Any other questions, just give me a call or e-mail.  Kate 
 First deal is 481433. Jeff Richter entered this awhile ago.  Second deal is 481489. Sean Crandall forgot to put the broker in - he's adding that right now.  Thanks, Kate 
 481735 Jeff Richter did not put a broker in. He's adding that.  Thanks, Kate 
 I just added it. I don't know why, but I checked Jeff's Deal Blotter and he had entered the broker. For some reason this did not transfer over into Deal Entry. Sorry!  Kate 
 Thanks, Kerri - that's very nice of you! 
 This deal was a sleeve done for EES, and we've had problems with the trade dates on these before. EES reported this trade to us on 12/6/00, and it was Matt Motley's understanding that the trade was executed the previous day. He doesn't care either way, but he suggested you talk to someone at EES - maybe Jubran Whalan or Neil Bresnan - about what their intent was with the date.  In the meantime, I can change the date to 12/4 if you'd like. What would be best? E-mail or call and let me know.  Thanks a lot! Kate @ 503-464-7486    Stephanie Piwetz   12/19/2000 08:15 AM 
 I've changed the term to 12/4, and I'm going to make a note in our daily deal correction report that this was due to a late report from EES. Thanks for catching this.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   12/19/2000 09:02 AM 
 I would be very interested in finding out more about the Deal Control position and what it entails. Coming from a background in print journalism leaves me somewhat at a loss for practical experience; however, I make up for skills in my ability to learn quickly and work aggresively. I'll come by sometime today to talk further about this opportunity. Thanks for the notice.  Kate 
 I just got this from Cute Blazer Guy - thought you might like to distribute it to the Origination team in case people want to partake in some more Blazer mania...  Kate 
 Les Rawson has spoken with Doug Reiner at Willamette regarding this deal. They are in agreement now about the prices. Les said he usually has to explain the methodology a few times when he does deals with these guys, so it's nothing new. But in the future, Les said he'd prefer to contact the counterparty first to avoid confusion. His extension is 3924. You're also more than welcome to call me first and I'll track Les down. (I think I'm probably easier to get ahold of!)  At any rate, I hope this clears it up. And if Willamette has any other questions, let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 You're right - I'm changing the deal right now.  Thanks, Kate 
 You're so right. I've taken it out. I think that must have been a lapse in brain cells for one of the traders!  Thanks, Kate 
 Bloomberg was mistaken on this one. They'll be sending out a new confirm soon.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   12/19/2000 02:19 PM 
 no problem!  kate   Stephanie Piwetz   12/19/2000 02:32 PM 
 Here's the solution I came up with. It will only take a few more minutes each day, but I think it will make the EOL summary more relevant. Please let me know if this plan suits you -  1. You will continue to receive the same EnPower/EOL summary, complete with EES sleeves. If I take the EES deals out of this table, I have to adjust the total megawatts accordingly. This could end up taking awhile, and I'm not sure the effect would be worth it. Again, let me know if you agree, because I'd like this report to be as applicable as possible.  2. I will run the EnPower deal count, excluding EES deals. I'll compare this count to the original one to determine how many EES deals were done by each desk, then double that number - to account for both sides of the sleeve - and subtract. I'll enter the altered numbers into the graph, which should produce a more accurate rendering of the day's activities.  I think I made it sound more complicated than it is. Bottom line, this should solve the EES sleeve dilemma with little ado.  Kate 
 The deal has been fixed. I'm so sorry about that - when I changed the dates at the top, the computer asked if I'd like it to copy the changes into the strips. I should have checked to make sure it did this correctly!  And I will definitely add notes in the comments section of deals I change from now on. Thanks for the tip.  Kate 
 Val and I have finished auto-scheduling these deals. Please let me know if you see them coming through approval, or if there is anything else I can do to assist.  Thanks, Kate 
 Would you let me know if confirmation letters have already been sent out for these deals? If not, is there any way to get them out before the holiday?  Thanks, Kate 
 I have just a couple questions about your expense report. Let's go over it whenever you get a chance.  Kate 
 Cara - that was adorable! Thanks for the memories.  Kate 
 I've forwarded this e-mail to Christian and Greg. Unfortunately, the population of the office is quickly dwindling as the holidays come near. I've been told that one or the other of them will be in today, and I'll find out if something has been sent out already, and if not, how soon we can do that. I'll get back to you as soon as I talk to them.  Thanks, Kate 
 You're such a nut! 
 All deals have been approved and auto scheduled.  483760 - 11/1/00 483758 - 11/1/00 483752 - 11/18/00 483755 - 11/18/00  Thanks, Kate 
 Thanks for keeping me up to date. Out of curiosity, do you know why El Paso changed the trade date in the first place?  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   12/20/2000 01:45 PM 
 sure thing! thanks for letting me know.  kate 
 I have changed the following deals to reflect a monthly expiry frequency instead of daily:  483753 483759 483765 483766  Since I don't enter options very often, and have only done daily options before, I'm still getting familiar with all the different parameters of the deals. I'm sorry for the confusion. Thanks for catching that.  Kate 
 I've heard some mumbling about problems with EES deals, so this doesn't come as much of a surprise. Here's what I've done:  On the first deal, #481619, I'd feel more comfortable if Mike Swerzbin, the trader who did the deal, gave his okay to change the price. I've left a message with him to verify the price, and at the very latest I'll see him tomorrow morning.  Deal #480433 cannot be killed because it contains liquidated strips; however, it looks like Phil Platter, the Short Term California scheduler, has alreday zeroed out the deal. Will this work? Or is there another method by which I can go about killing a deal? (Sorry to ask so many questions, but 90% of our office is already gone for the holidays and quite difficult to get ahold of.)  I've changed #481620. I think the trader just overcompensated for the change back from Daylight Savings Time. I'll remind these guys to always enter PPT for the time zone, to be on the safe side.  I hope this solves at least some of the problems for now. I'll let you know as soon as I talk to Swerzbin tomorrow. Let me know if there's anything else.  Kate 
 Apparently, these are deals we entered in an attempt to cancel an existing contract with Hinson - so they are not actual purchases of power, which I believe is where the confusion over the confirm letters began. Christian is working on the legal aspect of how best to confirm these "deals," but as is so often the case with these guys (and especially around the holidays), they slipped out of the office before giving me an answer. So we'll get this done tomorrow morning. I'm sorry for the delay!  Thanks, Kate 
 This deal, along with three other options I entered yesterday, defaulted to AM when I changed the expiry frequency from Day to Month. It's been changed now. Thanks for the heads up.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   12/21/2000 08:06 AM 
 Just to clarify - you are booked in the Mt. Bachelor conference room for your Monday morning staff meetings, 9 to 10:15 a.m., from now until this time next year. Hopefully this will eliminate any last minute confusion like what we ran into this morning. If you have any other questions, please let Mollie or myself know and we'll address them as quickly as possible.  Thank you - Kate Symes West Origination Clerk 
 I'm dragging myself out of this office. I can hardly keep my eyes open, but it's well-deserved. Santana concert last night with friends from Ashland. The social schedule just never lets up. I don't know how feasible it would be for me to spend two months resisting the temptations of hand-holding boys and shadowy bars. But I will think seriously about the idea. Have a safe trip back home. Oh, and my Christmas plans still stand - gone from Dec. 22 to Jan. 2. Maybe it's you who needs a schedule rearrangement.  Kate 
 I just changed both of these deals to CAISO energy, instead of Firm. I noticed that the one you asked about, #481620, was part of an EES sleeve, so I checked the other side of it, deal #481621, and sure enough it also had the incorrect energy type. It's holiday fever!  Thanks, Kate 
 Mark's got the price in for deal #484076 as $325. He's gone now, but I checked with Tom Alonso, who also trades on the Short Term Southwest desk, and he said it's definitely 325. Let me know if the broker still disputes this. As for 484077, it's in the system as $350 - is that correct?  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   12/21/2000 01:39 PM 
 Broker is correct. Chris entered the wrong price. I'll change it to 370 when Risk is done calcing.  Kate 
 The EnPower IT group in Houston is making some changes to the EOL Report which in the long run will improve its functionality, but in the interim has left it temporarily disabled. I have left a message for Nicolay Kraltchev, the IT staff member in charge of the project, and he will be contacting both Carla Hoffman and me tomorrow. With any luck, this will be resolved by Friday evening and we can resume distribution of the report as usual. I'm sorry for any inconvenience this causes.  Thanks, Kate 
 While you guys were all busy worrying over the California energy crisis, I slipped down to Mexico to conduct an investigation of how our neighbors even further to the south are faring. Do they still have lights? Is the AC shot? Can they even make a blended margarita?  Seriously, though, I will be out of the office on Friday, Dec. 22, and again from Wednesday, Dec. 27 to Monday, Jan. 2. I realize this is late notice; I did let Richter know awhile ago, but I probably should have spread the word a little further. I am truly sorry.  At any rate (below the price cap of course), while I am gone I would be so appreciative if one of you could run the Dow Jones report in the morning and the EOL report in the evening. Dow Jones will only need to be taken care of from Wed. through Fri. of next week. I will call on those days, and I can easily explain the procedure over the phone to those of you who don't know it. If I call and you're ridiculously busy, just hang up on me. I'll call back later.  The EOL report we have come to know and love is actually being fixed right now. I will talk with Nicolay Kraltchev, the Houston IT guy in charge of fixing it, on Friday, Dec. 22. It should be up and running again by Friday afternoon. Again, I'll call to check in and make sure this works, or explain how to use it.  I'll be in the office on Monday, Dec. 25, just briefly to make sure it hasn't exploded in my absence, but then I'll be off to the land where tequila is better for you than water. Sounds terrible. Please don't hesitate to call if you have any questions, or problems, of the work sort, of course.  Kate 503.819.2181 
 I'm sorry my reply is so delayed - I was gone for the New Year holiday. This deal should have been entered on 12/19. It looks like it's still in there as 12/20; but I wanted to check with you before changing it. Let me know.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   12/22/2000 10:40 AM 
 I spoke with Chris, and he said this deal is in the system. He didn't know the deal number off the top of his head, but he said Constellation is aware of it. Would you like me to research further? Or does everything look okay from your end now? Let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 This was Stan Cocke's deal, and since he just transferred into mid-marketing from real time, he's not used to putting the confimation request into his deals. This should be confirmed; but since the deal has already flowed, I wanted to check with you before changing anything. Please let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 I'm having Chris Foster check on these deals. Stewart is overseas for the holidays and won't be back for awhile, so in the meantime Chris and I will do our best to find out which deals he was referring to. Let me know if anything resembling these deals comes up on your end.  Thanks, Kate 
 I have read and understood your e-mail regarding protocol for e-mail and files during this time of investigation by the Attorney General. I intend to comply with all the policies outlined in it.  I apologize for the delay in my response; I was out of town for the holidays.  Kate Symes 
 Whatever she's making now is not enough. Vickie Aldous went above and beyond the call of duty, not only locating, copying and expediting the article to me, but all within two days of my request. And it was for a good cause - we'll be donating the proceeds from our holiday party/auction to the Court-Appointed Special Advocates (CASA). Last year the proceeds went to Emanuel Children's Hospital - $20,000 from auction attendees plus matching dollars from Enron Corp. resulted in a hefty check.  I'm sorry we didn't connect while you were in Portland. I got the message on Monday and figured it was a little too late by then. Hope the reunion went well. I'm scrambling to be svelte and successful by my 10-year high school reunion, which descends upon me in less than four years. I know I'll need at least that much time, having spent four years of my life with that bunch of overachieving Catholic girls.  I just had a surprise visit from some Ashland friends on Tuesday, replete with an extra ticket to see Santana at the Rose Garden. What an awesome concert! I must say I'm thoroughly enjoying city life again. But I'll need to come to Ashland soon for a dose of good old-fashioned familiarity.  So, I guess this was the long way of saying yes, I got the article, and thank you so much for such indispensible help.  Kate 
 Chris entered this deal thinking that one was missing from a few days earlier. He then realized that the deal was already in, and zeroed this one out (instead of just killing it - sometimes those guys are in a big hurry!) So I'm going to go ahead and kill the deal, thus eliminating the need to change these other details. Does that make sense? Sorry for the confusion.  By the way, how were the holidays for all of you gals down in Texas? I spent mine on the beach with a Pina Colada in Mexico, and believe it or not, I'm actually glad to be back at work. I was beginning to feel worthless, not to mention sunburned. Although any minute now I'm going to be ready for my noontime siesta!  Kate 
 Oops - I guess the deal can't be killed because it contains liquidated strips. I've changed the confirm status to no confirm, and the energy to CAISO - so even though the deal has no volume or price, its other details are correct.  Kate 
 This deal is part of a sleeve - we bought Powerex at 145.00 and sold EES at 145.05. This is standard procedure for these kinds of deals, said the guys at the Long Term Northwest desk. They're positive that the deal should include a 5-cent charge on the sale side; and Mike Driscoll said if EES still disputes this, they can call him to verify.  Please let me know if this deal continues to be a problem.  Thanks, Kate 
 According to Bob Badeer, these deals were confirmed by Christian Yoder, on of our lawyers. I'll check with Christian to see why, and add comments to the deals to denote this. Let me know if there's anything else I can do.  Thanks, Kate 
 Bob Badeer informed me that these deals have already been confirmed, possibly by you. Could you let me know if this is in fact true? If it is, I will go ahead and make a note in the comments section of the deals.  Thanks, Kate 
 My paycheck doesn't seem to be anywhere around here. Could you let me know if my name was on the list of missing paychecks for the end of last month? Kathy Axford said she gave you such a list on 12/30.  Thanks, Kate 
 488908 is with Tradition Financial Services, not Natsource. I've changed this in the system.  488938 was just entered by Mike Swerzbin. Buy Duke 57.00 Cal-07 25 MW COB  And if it's at all possible to get the traders names from the brokers when they have missing deals, that would be wonderful. I can usually guess by using the information given, but sometimes the traders get busy and aren't exactly happy about being bugged for missing deals that aren't theirs. I'm not sure how it works, but Carla told me the brokers should give you all the information at their disposal. If they don't, or won't, let me know and I'll have our traders talk to them.  Thanks for your help, Kate 
 488955 Buy Reliant Q3-01 25 MW 250 SP-15  488956 Sell EES Q3-01 25 MW 250.05 SP-15  Bob just put these in - I think these guys are still warming up to the usual pace after the holiday.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've changed the deal to be confirmed. Mike Driscoll changed this deal earlier, which must have affected the confirmation status. Thanks.  Kate 
 I've just spoken with Christian Yoder, who said he's got the confirmation letters for these deals on his desk. He's also planning to call you to discuss this further - these deals and several others entered as part of an EES acquisition will all be confirmed differently than usual. I'm not completely clear on the subject, so I'm going to defer to Christian's legal expertise.  But if you have any other questions, please let me know. I can certainly sit down with Christian and maybe we can all conference call on the subject.  Thanks, Kate 
 Just in case you're checking your e-mail in between spa sessions, here's an update:  The BPA Business Plan has not yet arrived. Sir Speedy just arrived with copies of the EIS, which were supposed to be finished at noon.  So I'm a little frustrated with this lack of efficiency. I've left a message at BPA regarding the whereabouts of our order; I've scolded Sir Speedy for the delay; and one way or another I'll get the documents out to Terrell Gault and Jim Fell tomorrow.  I'm sure the last thing you want to hear while you're escaping from it all is that things aren't going according to planned back in the office; but I thought you should know just in case you hear from either of these guys. Nothing to worry about, though. You can now resume your poolside position.  Kate 
 I just wanted to check in with you before changing these deals, since it's been a few days since your e-mail. Tom Alonso wasn't in the office today and I tried reaching him by phone to confirm. These are the prices he has in his trade log, so as far as I can tell they are correct. Are you saying that these prices need to be switched? Please let me know, and I'll fix it right up.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   12/22/2000 08:36 AM 
 Looks like this has been changed - sorry it's taken so long for a reply!  Kate 
 Chris Foster checked and couldn't find anything regarding these deals. His take on it was that if Stewart needed them confirmed, he would have passed the message along to someone else or left record of the deals numbers somewhere. In the meantime, he said, there isn't much we can do as Stewart is in Italy and is virtually impossible to reach.  If I find anything else out I'll let you know.  Thanks, Kate 
 No. It looks like these are all the deals Christian Yoder and our other lawyers are working on. Christian is writing up confirms for these, and actually has a few of them done. He said he'd be contacting Sharen Cason and faxing her copies of the finished letters very soon.  Please let me know if you need me to add comments to these deals to make it more clear. I'm going to talk further with Christian and Val Sabo on my end to better understand what the DEAL is with these deals, because they've been plaguing me all day.  I'll keep you posted on the progress of this, but in the meantime you don't have to send revised confirms.  Thanks, Kate 
 Whew! I've been battling with this thing all day and it's gotten me nowhere. The version of  EOL Deal Report I've been using for the past month, and which Carla used for several months prior to that, has come down with the winter blues and will no longer produce anything. Here is the error message it gives me:  Cannot create file c:\eolJF.txt.  It responds this way no matter what combination of requests I give it. One interesting detail is that it began doing this on 12/21, the night before I left for vacation (thus my delay in dealing with this problem), and on that same night I noticed that the report looked different than usual. Actually, it looked exactly like the stage version that Nadine and I worked with today. It had the new section at the bottom titled "Uncheck 'Desk Summary Only' to enable"; whereas the version I had been using did not.  Our IT guys deferred to you on this subject, so I'm still at a loss as to how to test the new stage version of the EOL report, as I have nothing to test it against. My feeling is that, even though the new version has a few quirks, it would be better than nothing and so should be put into production - because in the meantime I'm going to have to use it anyway - it's all I have now!  Thank you so much for your support on this so far. Hopefully we can work something out tomorrow.  Thanks, Kate 
 I'm continuing to work with IT in Houston in an attempt to restore the EOL Report to its former glory. They are making several changes to the report which seem to result exponentially in glitches. As of right now the application will not create any kind of file with any kind of data; hence the absence of any kind of report. I will keep you informed of our progress.  Thanks for your patience, Kate 
 The STCA desk will be short 75 MW on peak at NP-15 on 1/4. This is due to two sales involving the STNW desk and one involving LTWM which have been zeroed out in scheduling but not in EnPower. All three are for 25 MW on peak.  Thanks, Kate 
 That is actually the report I'm having problems with. The old EOL JF report on your desktop has somehow been replaced by the new stage version. It's trying to pull information from the C drive, which does not exist on terminal server. Nicolay is working with me to try to figure out why, but most likely they'll have to put the stage version into production in order for me to run this report again.  Thanks for the suggestion, Kate 
 Matt Motley and Mike Swerzbin both said this trade should be desk-to-desk and has nothing to do with Bonneville. Could you send me a copy of the confirm letter? They'd like to look at it to try and figure out what trade BPA is referring to. If it's a hard copy, you can fax it to 503-464-3740. Thanks a lot.  Kate 
 The graphs I've set on your desks are the product of a new version of the EOL Report. Please look them over briefly and determine whether or not the data this report pulled in is correct. I've attached a table of the data as well for another point of reference. If there are problems or discrepancies in the report, please let me know as soon as possible, and we'll adjust it accordingly.  Thanks, Kate 
 Check out the section under the heading Welcome. 
 As you might have noticed, there was no file actually attached to your last e-mail. I was saving it for this one. 
 Thanks! You guys are adorable. When I become technologically advanced enough to get a picture of myself onto the computer, I promise to send it over. In the meatime, just picture me as a Cindy Crawford type, only thinner. :-)  And on the subject of the BPA deal - I just spoke with Val Sabo, who's working with Greg Wolfe and Tim Belden to get this deal done. Apparently it's a good deal; it was put into the system and calculated, then taken out and is currently being re-negotiated. When Greg and Tim come to an agreement with BPA, they will most likely send you a revised confirmation. So in the meantime, Val says to hold off doing anything. We'll keep you posted.  Thanks for checking up on this.  Kate 
 Hightlighted word? Your message is a little cryptic; so I'm not quite sure what you want me to explain. As for lunch, I just returned. It was delicious, thank you. 
 "Pretty tired" is the understatement of the century. What a way to kick off my New Year's Resolution of staying home on weeknights. And things promise to only get worse - I think Amber and I are getting a place together. I'm not sure I'll survive another month of this kind of social life.  You know, "date with destiny" is getting a little old. Can you come up with something more original?  Kate 
 This was Mike Swerzbin's deal, and I guess he missed it yesterday. We just entered it and backdated it for 1/4/01. Deal # is 490867.  thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   01/05/2001 12:12 PM 
 490801 Price is 122.45 It's been changed  490861 Broker is Amerex It's been changed  Thanks   Stephanie Piwetz   01/05/2001 01:41 PM 
 I just got a hold of Mike, who is aware of these deals but isn't positive on the prices. He's going to have to check with the broker on Monday to get it right. So as of right now these deals aren't in the system. I'm sorry about that.  Thanks, Kate 
 Left message for Bob - I don't see these deals in his trade log, so I can't be sure whether or not they're good. Again, we'll have to wait for the trader and broker to verify this. 
 They are good deals, but we don't have deal numbers because Mike is out of the office right now and said he wanted to check with the broker personally before verifying the price. He's aware that the deals will have to go in late and be backdated, and that they will not be in his calculation for the day. Please let me know if there's anything else I can do.  Kate 
 I just spoke with Bob, and he said he wasn't told about these trades, but to go ahead and enter them into the system. Can you tell me what the MW total per hour should be?  Thanks 
 You didn't know that? It's actually Mary Katherine Symes. My parents decided that Katherine Mary didn't sound "Catholic" enough; but they still wanted a daughter named Katie, so they went right ahead and called me that from the day I was born. Needless to say, it's added an unnecessary element of confusion to my life in that people are always wondering who the hell this "Mary Symes" person is.  Thanks for noticing, though!  Mary Katherine 
 Amber and I actually had a successful house-hunting weekend. Molly decided to get in on the bargain at the last minute, and as it turns out, finding a 3-bedroom house is a lot easier and cheaper than a 2-bedroom. We found three places in NE that look great, so mark your calendar for the house-warming party in a couple weeks.  As far as Vietnam vacations go, I don't see one in my near future. First of all, I find it difficult to take either one of you seriously - your favorite phrases are "baby" and "poppa" for god's sake. Secondly, I have about 10 countries on my list of places to go that precede Vietnam. And finally, it sounds a little precarious to fly halfway across the world to visit someone I hardly know who seems to be in serious denial about his status as a man with a significant other.  Other than that, you can tell Chris I'll see what I can do.  Kate 
 Missing deal was input under Matt Motley - 492135  491593 is Prebon - I'll change this after the calc.  492044 has been zeroes out - it was a duplicate of the same deal, which was done with APB.  Thanks, Kate 
 This has been changed.  Thanks, Kate 
 It looks like 491916 duplicated a strip contained in 491893. I spoke with Diana Scholtes, and she wanted to keep both deals, but she deleted the extra strip in 491893. Let me know if this works with Tacoma.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   01/09/2001 12:09 PM 
 You're right - I've changed this deal in Enpower.  Thanks, Kate 
 This deal was in as 492562, but with no broker. I added APB.  Thanks, Kate 
 Re: Note I left on your desk. Could you take a look at this deal when you get a chance?  Thanks, Kate 
 I've forwarded this message onto Christian Yoder, one of our lawyers. Chris Mallory and Jeff Richter suggested I check with Christian first on the language of these confirms. I'll get back to you first thing tomorrow.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thanks! I handed off the fax to Christian, who said he was extremely busy today but would try to get to it this afternoon. In the meantime, I've been told by Chris Mallory that the most important issue is that all index-forwards get uniform confirmation language. As far as what that language is, I'm not sure. Is this different than the confirm letters you've received in the past? Let me know if you need me to expedite the process and get someone else's opinion.  Thanks, Kate 
 Wait - do you mean 287238 and 287289? Or are we really talking about 487238 and 487239? I can't find 287289 in the system; but I want to make sure before making any moves that I'm looking at the right deals.  Thanks, Kate 
 After researching the position further, I am very much interested in formally applying to work in Deal Control. I have spoken with Jeff Richter, Val Sabo, and Carla Hoffman about the requirements and responsibilities of the job, and I have a good understanding of the kind of candidate they're looking for. I feel I fit that profile and am excited by the challenge it presents.  I have also spoken with Mollie Gustafson and Chris Calger, who have given me their support in pursuing another opportunity within the company. (Although they would be understandably heartbroken.)  Please let me know at your earliest convenience how to proceed in applying for this position. Thank you for your help, Amy.  Kate 
 These deals are all parts of sleeves we did for EES, and we only include a broker fee on the sale side of the sleeve. I ended up changing just two deals; they're highlighted in red:  459812 - no change (buy side of EES sleeve) 459813 - added .0075 broker fee (sale side of EES sleeve)  457489 - no change (buy side of EES sleeve) 457490 - no change (sale side already contained .0075 broker fee)  468444 - added .0075 broker fee (sale side) 468440 - no change (buy side)  And as a disclaimer - I'm getting my information from our traders, so if any of this sounds incorrect, or if Natsource still disputes, please let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 Mike Swerzbin says this deal is good - he's got it in his trade log as Natsource. ???  Kate 
 494092 Price is 174.00  494093 Price is 173.00  Deal just entered #494339  Sorry about our slacking!  Thanks, Kate 
 493986 CTPY is Tractebel - this has been changed  Deal just entered #494361  Thanks, Kate 
 Contact is Sue Stevens @714-765-4132. Sorry for the delay.  Thanks, Kate 
 Bob's entering this deal late. I don't know if he was asleep before or what; but it should show up in the next minute or so.  Thanks, kate 
 I just checked this deal in Audit Viewer and found that Bob had entered it this afternoon, then backdated it for 1/8. I was going to ask him about the delivery point just as you called him - sorry we crossed paths. Let me know if there is anything else.  Kate 
 I've had a request from Matt Motley to begin receiving this table on a daily basis. Carla Hoffman said Bob Badeer had asked for it before, and for whatever reason she held off distributing it to all the traders.  I'd like to know if there is some reason why we don't send the EOL table to all the traders on a daily basis. If not, may I copy them on this in the future?  Thanks, Kate 
 This actually makes him look better.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 This has been changed. And regarding the EES acquisition from the end of last year, I spoke with Kim Hundl briefly about it yesterday. I was a little unclear about the question in your e-mail to Carla, which was forwarded to me. Please give me a call or shoot me an e-mail, and we'll figure this out. Tracy Ngo, our Portland credit person, knows all about it, so between us we should be able to clarify this.  Thanks, Kate 
 Looks great, Anna. 
 I just received the e-mail regarding your visit to Portland (Monica Lande forwarded it to me). Regarding that, I would definitely be interested in gaining access to Livelink. Monica explained that Livelink is a system that allows one to view confirms, in which case it would greatly benefit my position to have access to it. I look forward to your visit, and to working with you in the future.  Thanks, Kate Symes West Desk Deal Control 503.464.7486 
 Matt says this trade is definitely Q3-02. Let me know if Prebon still disputes.  Thanks, Kate 
 What's the delivery point on those deals?   Stephanie Piwetz   01/11/2001 10:48 AM 
 Matt doesn't have any trade like this for 1/8. I spoke with Judy at EES, and she's going to have Jubran call Matt to duke it out over whether or not this is a good trade. I'll let you know what those guys decide.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   01/11/2001 11:07 AM 
 Both Mike Swerzbin deals were in incorrectly. We've changed them, and added the last deal for Matt Motley.  495106 Off Peak  495175 50 MW  Matt's deal should show up any minute.  Thanks, Kate 
 Looks like Amerex has this in as a peak deal. Bob shows off-peak, says Amerex is incorrect. Please let me know if they dispute.  Thanks, Kate 
 This needs to be changed after the calc.  Kate 
 This has been changed.  Thanks, Kate 
 287933 shows Sempra Energy Trading as the counterparty......? 
 Amerex checked out incorrectly - Mike Driscoll just talked to the broker, who was aware of that and said they would re-check out. Let me know if he communicates this to his back office.  Thanks, Kate 
 Other than the misspelling of my name. Kate is actually spelled M-A-R-Y. 
 Okay, I know for a fact that Natsource has been yelled at by our traders at least once today. NONE of these deals should have broker fees on them. Here's the deal....  488121 - no fee 488122 - other side of spread - FEE  495306 - no fee GUARANTEED, says Tom Alonso  495206 - no fee 495207 - other side of spread - FEE  If they still dispute, let me know and I'll sick the traders on them. Sorry for the hassle.  Thanks, Kate 
 It looks great, Nadine. I entered a couple different deals and played around with them a bit, and I don't see any changes. So from my end you can go ahead and move this version to production.  Thanks for all the hard work.  Kate 
 Possibly. And just for your information, I think that request was actually three sentences crammed into one, with a misspelling thrown in for good measure. Nice.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Don't you mean Little Miss Grammar?    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Okay, it's taken me a while to track down the answer on this, but here it is. Apparently Greg Wolfe and Tim Belden just signed off on this confirm letter and faxed it down to you guys. Greg wasn't sure whose attention it had been put to, but hopefully the word got back to you that the confirm language was fine and the deal was signed off on. If you need another copy of the agreement, let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 Portland West Desk lawyers have completed the application to become a participant in the Dow Jones survey at NP-15 and SP-15 delivery points. As soon as possible, we would like to begin executing deals against these indices. In order to do this, we will need to access to them through EnPower, in both Deal Blotter and Deal Entry.  If you could facilitate the addition of these two indices into EnPower, we would appreciate having access to them by Tuesday. Please let me know what steps we need to take at the West Desk to help complete this process. To the best of my knowledge, we simply need the ability to choose the Dow Jones NP-15 or SP-15 index in the PubCode list in Deal Blotter and Deal Entry. We also need to be assured that when these deals are settled, the correct data will be pulled into EnPower from Dow Jones.  Thank you for your help and cooperation. I will be in touch on Monday.  Kate Symes West Desk Deal Control 503.464.7486 
 My oh my - it's a rare occasion when I am greeted by such entertaining e-mails in the morning. Thanks for dropping the note, even if it was just a covert ploy to get me to deprive your enemies of their electricity. And by the way, if I could do that, you can bet we would have already had rolling black-outs in strategically placed Portland neighborhoods.  Yes, I did finish the book. It was very interesting, although it did lose me for awhile in the middle. It's a super-fast read, so I'm going to send another book along with it called "Liar's Poker." I just heard about it and it's supposed to be hilarious - an account of the boom and doom of Wall Street in the 1980s. I know, I know - Corporate America has taken its stranglehold on me, and pretty soon I'll be reading the stock market quotes for FUN! But just give it a chance; it's something a little different.  No, Anna did not give me the fair chance I deserved to get "Heartbreaking Work..." She is clearly a tramp. I will be procuring that book for myself later today, as I do not see any time in the near future when Anna will come to her senses and quit being evil.  Anyway, I've got to go control the world's electricity supply now. (This statement should be followed by a Dr. Evil type cackle; you know, the one that comes after "One Meeeelllion Dollars....") But study up and make us all proud. Tell all your roomies I said hi, and study....or pay the price later.  Kate  P.S. What the heck is your address anyway? 
 I just changed this to 50 MW. Mike Driscoll says he had already changed the deal, but must not have saved it. Sorry about that.  Kate 
 I'd like to enroll in the Enron Savings Plan program; however, when I was navigating through the savings plan website, I started wondering if the retirement plan and the self-directed brokerage account are the same thing. I think you probably have some information regarding these plans. Could I borrow that later this afternoon, or even better, sit down with you for a minute to clarify which plans I am eligible to enroll in and when? Thanks in advance for your time.  Kate 
 So I don't need to do anything in order to be a part of the "cash balance plan"? When I pull up my account information from the "Savings Plan" website, it says my investments and balances are zero, so I assume I need to enroll in this myself if I want to be a part of it. The plan I'm referring to allows you to invest up to 15% of your before-tax income in either Enron Corp stock or a variety of mutual funds. In this plan, up to 6% of your contributions are matched by Enron, beginning one month after your hire date. I guess my question is - What is this plan called? And if I enroll in it myself online, will I be doubling up on something Enron has already done for me? If this is not the retirement plan, what is?  I'm sorry to ask so many trivial questions. I just want to make sure I've taken advantage of all the programs and not neglected opportunities because I thought they were automatically given to me.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thought it would be a good idea for you to have a copy of this. 
 TFS broker checked out wrong. We just spoke with him and he said he had corrected it with the back office. Should be cleared up now.  Thanks, Kate 
 Amerex is correct. Deal has been changed. 
 497570 just added broker  497633 just added broker  497915 deal is entered correctly Buy PSCO 17th 25MW 200.00 Palo  Let me know if you still can't see this last one.  Thanks, Kate 
 How goes it, girlfriend? I just got your message - sorry I haven't been in touch yet, and I can give you all the excuses in the book about how I've been swamped with work, play, life in general, but we both know I'm just flaky, so there's no point in explaining it.  Anyway, I'm so excited to hear you're doing well in your new Rocky Mountain dwelling, but you left me here with no good pissing and moaning (and getting "pissed") buddies. So I checked out airfares to Denver, and found one for $118 roundtrip! Can you freakin' believe it? Anyway, you have to purchase and use the ticket by the end of March, so I was thinking a little spring break action was called for. Do you think you'd be settled enough by the end of March to accomodate a portly older sister for a few days? Let me know, and I'll do the deal.  Got to go - business abounds at Enron as usual. I'll try to drop you a line tonight when I have more time to write. Do you have a phone number? Amber was in Denver over the weekend, and she and Monica called me trying to get ahold of you, but I had no idea where to look. (Except somewhere in Denver, but from what I've heard it's a fairly big place.)  Write back soon, or call - I want to know how the internship is. But more importantly, how's the unlimited Starbucks coffee?  Love, Kate 
 Just wanted to let you know I haven't forgotten you. All our traders and schedulers have been in a meeting this afternoon, and as soon as they got out the frenzy of trading and scheduling began again. I'm going to give things a minute to settle down, and then ask around as to how people would like their Livelink training.  I'll get back to you soon.  Thanks, Kate 
 If you could go ahead and fax that to 503-464-3740, I'll have Mike take a look at it.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   01/17/2001 07:06 AM 
 APB is correct. I've changed the deal.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thanks. Mike's looking it over. Says it's not okay until he talks with Cominco, so it probably won't get faxed back right away, since these guys are in the middle of a busy trading morning. But I'll call or e-mail as soon as they've worked out a revised confirmation.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   01/17/2001 08:53 AM 
 This question is a bit dated now, but I thought I'd run it by you to make sure it's been resolved. Sound familiar?  Kate 
 Here's the latest I've heard from Willie Harrell, the Global Management staff member in charge of this job. I spoke with him briefly, and he said he expected to have the indices available in Enpower this afternoon.  Jeff Richter is currently consumed with sorting out EES discrepancies for today, but we'll work on the new spreadsheets this afternoon.  I'll keep you posted.  Thanks, Kate 
 Here are the absolute, final, once-and-for-all-not-to-be-changed-again vendor letters. 
 You're right - bankruptcy is a likely move for PG&E. But this deal was entered in place of an existing position we had with PG&E in the California Power Exchange, and it's been approved by our legal and credit departments.  Let me know if you have further questions.  Thanks, Kate 
 498837 has been changed to Natsource.  499013 - Mike Swerzbin disputes this checkout - has 190.00 price in trade log and checked out at that price with his broker at APB. Now they're having APB look into it. I'll let you know when they resolve the price.  Kate 
 This has been changed to CAISO energy - thanks for catching that.  Kate 
 499013 was changed to a price of 180. Mike is having the broker pull their tapes for today, but we won't get that information until tomorrow. In the meantime, we're giving them the benefit of the doubt. I'll let you know if anything else changes.  Thanks, Kate 
 I'm so sorry it's taken me this long to get back to you. It's been truly chaotic around here with the California situation, and the lawyers are obviously preoccupied, so Christian hasn't gotten back to me yet. I finally went back to Chris Mallory, and we determined that the language in this confirm is fine as long as it matches the confirm language for the original deal - 459996. This was the sale to Constellation at index + $1, but now that we're trying to clear all our positions with the California Power Exchange, we had to buy it back at index + $3. Does that make any sense, or am I just rambling? It's been a long day. Check the confirm for 459996, and make sure 485446 matches up. Otherwise, call me.  Thanks for your patience, Kate 
 Who's ready to rhumba? Crystal Ballroom holds salsa classes on the first Tuesday of every month. The hour-long class begins at 7p.m., with live music and dancing afterward. Cost is $8 for the whole evening. The other Tuesdays of the month have live music and dancing, no class unfortunately. Anyway, I'm sure it won't take us more than an hour to become master Latin dancers on par with Ricky Martin and Christina Aguilera.  Do you want to try it out? Next class is Feb. 6. Mark your calendars and tell all your coordinated (and/or good-looking) friends to come along.  Kate "Viva bailar"* Symes *Does this mean "live dance" or "dance lives" or "my friend Viva likes the way you dance" or none of the above? 
 Who's ready to rhumba? Crystal Ballroom holds salsa classes on the first Tuesday of every month. The hour-long class begins at 7p.m., with live music and dancing afterward. Cost is $8 for the whole evening. The other Tuesdays of the month have live music and dancing, and sometimes classes too. Anyway, I'm sure it won't take us more than an hour to become master Latin dancers on par with Ricky Martin and Christina Aguilera.  Do you want to try it out? Next class is Jan. 23. And there is actually a salsa event going on at the Crystal this Friday night with bands and dancing and all kinds of mayhem - it's $12 and doors open at 7 p.m. Mark your calendars and tell all your coordinated (and/or good-looking) friends to come along.  Kate "Viva bailar"* Symes *Does this mean "live dance" or "dance lives" or "my friend Viva likes the way you dance" or none of the above? 
 I think you're right, but the trader just took off for lunch. I'll check with him and kill the duplicate deal if necessary, then let you know when it's done.  Thanks, Kate 
 Just spoke with Sean Crandall - he killed deal #499391. This has happened before, and seems to be a glitch in Deal Blotter when traders enter off peak deals. I'll talk with IT about it; but thanks for catching this in the meantime.  Kate 
 I've run across what seems to be a glitch in Deal Blotter; although it may be caused by the default settings in a specific trader's blotter. A few times over the last several weeks, our traders at the Short Term Southwest desk have entered off peak deals by choosing the "off" selection under the "Hours" heading. But the mask doesn't change to include Sundays and Holidays, and the traders then enter another deal to compensate for this. What we've found then is that the original deal did in fact include a strip for Sundays and Holidays, round-the-clock hours.  My question is - when you enter an off-peak deal in Deal Blotter, does it automatically read that as Mon. through Sat. off-peak hours AND Sundays and Holidays round-the-clock? Even though the mask does not change to show Sundays and Holidays? I'm just wondering if there is an easier way to assure that we've entered off-peak deals correctly other than double-checking them in Deal Entry.  Please call or e-mail when you get a chance. Again, this could be just a matter of incorrect settings in someone's blotter; but I'd like to make sure either way.  Thanks for your time, Kate 
 Have fun with this! 
 What better time to start thinking about the winter holidays than on Halloween?!  Just a reminder that our happy little office will be hosting a Holiday Party & Benefit Auction on Saturday, Dec. 2, beginning at 6 p.m. and lasting until the wee hours of the morning. We hope that everyone will be able to attend, which is why we're reminding you while the smell of pumpkin-insides and candy corn is still fresh in the air.  We will be holding a benefit raffle and auction again this year, and all proceeds will once again be matched by Enron Corp. Donations will be divided between Portland's Raphael House, a shelter for battered women and their children, and the Court-Appointed Special Advocates, a group that assists foster children and at-risk youth throughout the court process.  But who said charity couldn't be a hoot? There will be a pangea of prizes and a gaggle of goods for everyone (think Blazer tickets and autographed Blazer basketballs!). And a BAND! A swing band! It will prove to be the most fantastic Holiday Party this office has ever had.... 
 I just received this update from our good friend Ryan at the Blazers' office. Thought you guys might like to distribute the news....  Here are the upcoming Blazer specials for a Enron NA employees! > > Blue Section (lower level endzone)  - $47 (normally $69 - Available for > some games) > Purple section (upper level center) - $20  (Normally $23)****** > Tan section (upper level behind basket - $10) > > ** Call me to find out our special on Preferred seats during the day of > the game! > > *BONUS* - each ticket comes with a $3 Blazer Buck (good for food and > beverage in the arena) > > To see a map with the colored sections go to http://www.blazers.com and > click on arena and tickets... > > Upcoming games: > > January 30 - Chicago Bulls > February 1 - Phoenix Suns > February 7 - Seattle Supersonics > February 13 - Minnesota Timberwolves > February 17 - Boston Celtics > February 20 - Denver Nuggets > February 22 - Utah Jazz > > OR - Call for any future Blazer game!! > > For tickets please call Ryan Langan @ 503-797-9936 or e-mail @ > ryan.langan@ripcity.com 
 Mike Swerzbin is going to contact the trader at SCEM - these are good deals. They were originally done on EOL, then changed to direct trades. Once they talk, I'll get back to you and let you know if they decided to keep or kill the deals.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   01/18/2001 11:50 AM 
 These have been changed, and I sent an e-mail to our Real Time desk to remind them, once again, of the correct counterparty name.  Thanks, Kate 
 Just FYI - I believe you entered these deals on Jan. 16. What were you thinking? How long have you worked here? Can you say, "wrong counterparty name"? Also, why don't you have your own trader ID yet? Geez.  Sincerely, Kate  P.S. Don't worry - I corrected them for you. 
 It's Matt Motley's deal, but all the traders just got out of a meeting, so they're still entering deals. It should show up any minute.  Kate 
 Re: the BPA deals - Sean Crandall said for pricing purposes it doesn't matter whether the delivery point is in as Mid-C or NW delivered. The only reason he entered NW delivered is because there was transmission involved. For your purposes, Sean said it's fine to change the delivery point to Mid-C (NW Delivered) in the confirms, but he didn't want to have it changed in EnPower because that would mess with the routing.  Does that make any sense? Let me know if you need it changed in EnPower, and I'll talk to Sean.  Thanks, Kate 
 Re: 491609 - This is trade date 1/5/01. It's been changed.  Thanks, Kate 
 Tom checked with APB and they recognize the trade. Are they not checking out correctly in the back office? 
 Mike is still entering his deals. These are good, and should be seen in the system momentarily.  Kate 
 As per your request, here are the names and addresses of people Laura Wente and I sent maps to today:  Tim Carlberg Avista Corp. 1411 E. Mission P.O. Box 3727 Spokane, WA 99220-3727  Mark Ewbank Herrera Environmental Consultants, Inc. 2200 6th Ave., Suite 601 Seattle, WA 98121-1820  Let me know if you need anything else regarding these mailings. I'm sure I'll be back there soon to ask for another map!  Kate 
 500440 Buy Morgan 25 mw Mid-C Q2-01 214.00  500441 Sell Morgan 25 mw NP Q2-01 105.00 
 This trade is good, but entered late. Deal # is 500534. 
 500380 will be changed after the calc.  500381 110.00 Q2-01 NP 25 mw Off peak 
 500534 Sell PSCO 25 mw Q4-01 PV 150.00 
 We will be short in Real Time Position Manager both at NP-15 and SP-15 for 1/18/01 until Friday morning. It seems that four deals were entered by EES under the wrong desk, affecting our position instead of theirs. Following are the details of where, when, why and by how much we're out. Read this carefully....  SP-15 - Short 1950.64 MW Deal #500492 - 67.89 MW short off peak Deal #500493 - 87.97 MW short on peak  NP-15 - Short 2883.08 MW Deal #500494 - 102.61 MW short off peak Deal #500495 - 128.89 MW short on peak  If any one of you has better luck than I have at accessing EES deals in deal entry, by all means get rid of these. Or if you happen to speak with Suneet Sharma, our good friend who entered the deals in question, by all means tell him to do the same.  Thanks, Kate 
 Carla just changed this deal - must have defaulted to no confirm. We do want it to be confirmed, and the deal has been changed to reflect that in Enpower.  Thanks, Kate 
 I see that both of these deals have counterparty contact names in them now - did this get taken care of by somebody else? I'm sorry for the late response - I was out sick on Friday. Let me know if there's something else I can do on these deals.  Kate 
 You're all set. Just to confirm, these are the deals I've approved and auto-scheduled.  483074 - 12/21/00 471891 - 12/4/00 through 12/31/00  Let me know if there's anything else I can do.  Thanks, Kate 
 This deal has been changed to MTWTFS, on peak hours. Mike Driscoll's mask in Deal Blotter was incorrect.  Thanks, Kate 
 Jeff had just noticed this mistake and changed CTPY to Sempra.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   01/22/2001 12:43 PM 
 To all of you who are without the luxury of a dial tone this morning:  Qwest Communications is working on the malfunctioning phone circuit. We don't know when the service will be reinstated; but in the meantime you can reflect on what life was like before the darn thing was invented.  Bell, Alexander Graham  b. , March 3, 1847, Edinburgh d. Aug. 2, 1922, Beinn Bhreagh, Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia, Can.  Scottish-born American audiologist best known as the inventor of the telephone (1876). For two generations his family had been recognized as leading authorities in elocution and speech correction, with Alexander Melville Bell's Standard Elocutionist passing through nearly 200 editions in English. Young Bell and his two brothers were trained to continue the family profession. His early achievements on behalf of the deaf and his invention of the telephone before his 30th birthday bear testimony to the thoroughness of his training.  Alexander ("Graham" was not added until he was 11) was the second of the three sons of Alexander Melville Bell and Eliza Grace Symonds Bell. Apart from one year at a private school, two years at Edinburgh's Royal High School (from which he was graduated at 14), and attendance at a few lectures at Edinburgh University and at University College in London, Bell was largely family trained and self-taught. His first professional post was at Mr. Skinner's school in Elgin, County Moray, where he instructed the children in both music and elocution. In 1864 he became a resident master in Elgin's Weston House Academy, where he conducted his first studies in sound. Appropriately, Bell had begun professionally as he would continue through life--as a teacher-scientist.  In 1868 he became his father's assistant in London and assumed full charge while the senior Bell lectured in America. The shock of the sudden death of his older brother from tuberculosis, which had also struck down his younger brother, and the strain of his professional duties soon took their toll on young Bell. Concern for their only surviving son prompted the family's move to Canada in August 1870, where, after settling near Brantford, Ont., Bell's health rapidly improved.  In 1871 Bell spent several weeks in Boston, lecturing and demonstrating the system of his father's Visible Speech, published in 1866, as a means of teaching speech to the deaf. Each phonetic symbol indicated a definite position of the organs of speech such as lips, tongue, and soft palate and could be used by the deaf to imitate the sounds of speech in the usual way. Young A. Graham Bell, as he now preferred to be known, showed, using his father's system, that speech could be taught to the deaf. His astounding results soon led to further invitations to lecture.  Even while vacationing at his parents' home Bell continued his experiments with sound. In 1872 he opened his own school in Boston for training teachers of the deaf, edited his pamphlet Visible Speech Pioneer, and continued to study and tutor; in 1873 he became professor of vocal physiology at Boston University.  Never adept with his hands, Bell had the good fortune to discover and inspire Thomas Watson, a young repair mechanic and model maker, who assisted him enthusiastically in devising an apparatus for transmitting sound by electricity. Their long nightly sessions began to produce tangible results. The fathers of George Sanders and Mabel Hubbard, two deaf students whom he helped, were sufficiently impressed with the young teacher to assist him financially in his scientific pursuits. Nevertheless, during normal working hours Bell and Watson were still obliged to fulfill a busy schedule of professional demands. It is scarcely surprising that Bell's health again suffered. On April 6, 1875, he was granted the patent for his multiple telegraph; but after another exhausting six months of long nightly sessions in the workshop, while maintaining his daily professional schedule, Bell had to return to his parents' home in Canada to recuperate. In September 1875 he began to write the specifications for the telephone. On March 7, 1876, the United States Patent Office granted to Bell Patent Number 174,465 covering "The method of, and apparatus for, transmitting vocal or other sounds telegraphically . . . by causing electrical undulations, similar in form to the vibrations of the air accompanying the said vocal or other sounds."  Within a year followed the commercial application and, a few months later, the first of hundreds of legal suits. Ironically, the telephone--until then all too often regarded as a joke and its creator-prophet as, at best, an eccentric--was the subject of the most involved patent litigation in history. The two most celebrated of the early actions were the Dowd and Drawbaugh cases wherein the fledgling Bell Telephone Company successfully challenged two subsidiaries of the giant Western Union Telegraph Company for patent infringement. The charges and accusations were especially painful to Bell's Scottish integrity, but the outcome of all the litigation, which persisted throughout the life of his patents, was that Bell's claims were upheld as the first to conceive and apply the undulatory current. In 1877 Bell married Mabel Hubbard, 10 years his junior.  The Bell story does not end with the invention of the telephone; indeed, in many ways it was a beginning. A resident of Washington, D.C., Bell continued his experiments in communication, which culminated in the invention of the photophone--transmission of sound on a beam of light; in medical research; and in techniques for teaching speech to the deaf.  In 1880 France honoured Bell with the Volta Prize; and the 50,000 francs (roughly equivalent to U.S. $10,000) financed the Volta Laboratory, where, in association with Charles Sumner Tainter and his cousin, Chichester A. Bell, Bell invented the Graphophone. Employing an engraving stylus, controllable speeds, and wax cylinders and disks, the Graphophone presented a practical approach to sound recording. Bell's share of the royalties financed the Volta Bureau and the American Association to Promote the Teaching of Speech to the Deaf (since 1956 the Alexander Graham Bell Association for the Deaf ). May 8, 1893, was one of Bell's happiest days; his 13-year-old prodigy, Helen Keller, participated in the ground-breaking ceremonies for the new Volta Bureau building--today an international information centre relating to the oral education of the deaf.  In 1885 Bell acquired land on Cape Breton Island in Nova Scotia. There, in surroundings reminiscent of his early years in Scotland, he established a summer home, Beinn Bhreagh, complete with research laboratories.  In 1898 Bell succeeded his father-in-law as president of the National Geographic Society. Convinced that geography could be taught through pictures, he sought to promote an understanding of life in distant lands in an age when travel was limited to a privileged few. Again he found the proper hands, Gilbert Grosvenor, his future son-in-law, who transformed a modest pamphlet into a unique educational journal reaching millions throughout the world.  As interest in the possibility of flight increased after the turn of the century, he experimented with giant man-carrying kites. Characteristically, Bell again found a group of four willing young enthusiasts to execute his theories. Always an inspiration, Mabel Hubbard Bell, wishing to maintain the stimulating influence of the group, soon founded the Aerial Experiment Association, the first research organization established and endowed by a woman. Deafness was no handicap to the wife of Professor Bell. At Beinn Bhreagh, Bell entered new subjects of investigation, such as sonar detection, solar distillation, the tetrahedron as a structural unit, and hydrofoil craft, one of which weighed more than 10,000 pounds and attained a speed record of 70 miles per hour in 1919.  Apart from his lifelong association with the cause of the deaf, Bell never lingered on one project. His research interests centred on basic principles rather than on refinements. The most cursory examination of his many notebooks shows marginal memos and jottings, often totally unrelated to the subject at hand--reminders of questions and ideas he wanted to investigate. It was impossible for him to carry each of his creative ideas through to a practical end. Many of his conceptions are only today seeing fruition; indeed, some undoubtedly have yet to be developed. The range of his inventive genius is represented only in part by the 18 patents granted in his name alone and the 12 he shared with his collaborators. These included 14 for the telephone and telegraph, 4 for the photophone, 1 for the phonograph, 5 for aerial vehicles, 4 for hydroairplanes, and 2 for a selenium cell.  Until a few days before his death Bell continued to make entries in his journal. During his last dictation he was reassured with "Don't hurry," to which he replied, "I have to." 
 I added a fee of 0.0075 to this deal.  Thanks, Kate 
 This deal has been changed to firm energy.  Kate 
 Mike Swerzbin just checked out with broker. Only one deal changed.  502391 Mid-C  502392 Palo Verde 
 Yes, these are two separate, but identical deals. Thanks for double-checking.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   01/22/2001 02:20 PM 
 The following attachment contains fixed prices for EPMI Short Term California sales to EES for 1/24.    Call me, 503.464.7486, or Chris Mallory, 503.464.3823, with any questions.  Thanks, Kate 
 Apparently Jeff thought this had already been changed , and it hadn't - I just changed it.  Thanks, Kate 
 Sorry I didn't get back to you on this sooner - Mike Swerzbin talked with his SCEM trader that day, and they agreed to both of these deals. Just to clarify, there are still two EOL trades that net out these direct trades. All four are good. Direct trade deal numbers are:  493989 Sell SCEM Jun-01 198.00 Mid-C  493988 Sell SCEM Jun-01 195.00 Mid-C  Let me know if SCEM back office still has no record of these. Otherwise, they're good to go.  Thanks, Kate    Stephanie Piwetz   01/23/2001 01:14 PM 
 Bob is just entering these deals now.  Kate 
 Broker is correct - this has been changed.  kate 
 Both deals have been changed.  Kate 
 I've been working with Laura Wente to locate these documents for a couple days, and I think I've found what you need. If you could call or e-mail with your fax number, I'll send what I have over to you and expedite the process. If you'd like to peruse the EIS documents online, go to www.tis.eh.doe.gov/nepa/ and click the heading DOE NEPA Analyses.  Please let me know if I can be of further assistance. My phone number is 503.464.3748.  Kate 
 Joaner Boner - Well, in my usual slacker fashion, I haven't bought my plane ticket yet - so I totally think you should go to Sunriver. I might come visit you there if there's room. But an S.F. visit is imminent, I swear. I'll call you soon to discuss the alcoholism of your co-worker/boyfriend, as well as the techniques for acquiring this sexy body for the new year. Work is consuming my life and eating me whole - very chaotic what with hiding all the power from you guys and whatnot. Imagine the pressure. Another reason it might not be the best time for me to come is that I'm moving on Friday. Amber and Molly and I found a big, beautiful house in NE, near Grant High - it's kickass. But it's sucked away all of my money and will probably take over every free moment for the next month just to get it set up. If you want, you should stop by for a sleep over on your way to Bend. We'll throw a party. And what's up with the wrist disease? Are you not taking your calcium or something? I'm convinced that these wacky desk jobs are aging us youthful beauties prematurely. At least that's the excuse I like to give when I come in to work looking like I just bathed in a life-sized ashtray. Call me soon - I'm really curious to find out why Brooks is doing the chicken dance EVER let alone in your room in the middle of the night. Wheeew!  Happy Sexy Body New Year, Kate 503.819.2181 
 Following are the prices for fixed sales between EPMI Short Term California and EES for 1/25. Chris Mallory has turned this task over to me, and I'm working from my own spreadsheet, which I inadvertently deleted this morning. Please let me know if you'd like a copy of the spreadsheet as well as the prices each morning, or if the prices are sufficient.  NP-15 On Peak - $273.50 Off Peak - $204.43  SP-15 On Peak - $216.53 Off Peak - $189.35  Thanks, Kate 
 Sorry for the delay - it's taken me a while to track down the answer to this, because Chris Foster, the trader on this deal, is still unclear as to the answer. Basically, the deal keeps getting cut by the Cal-ISO, which is why Carla goes in and changes the volumes sometimes. But Chris thinks that in the end we might not be cutting the deal financially, just physically on a day-by-day basis. Given that, we only need the first, original confirm sent out - if revised confirms have been sent, let's go ahead and send them the original one and leave it at that.  Chris Foster said he would get back with me this afternoon - he's meeting with Real Time and Schedulers right now to sort out this issue.  I apologize that this wasn't more clear before. Should I add a note in the comments section of this deal to clarify? Or should I just check the deal back to "no confirm"? Let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 Could you fax over the original confirm so Chris can look it over and make sure we won't need additional language or confirms sent? I just want to make sure he's aware of everything that's going on and backs up my comment in the deal.  Thanks, Kate 
 Diana Scholtes was the trader on these. She's not in today, but Sean Crandall said that a 1/8 trade date was okay. I've changed all the deals.  Kate 
 It's an Amerex deal. I've changed it.  Kate 
 Chris looked these over and we agreed to just re-send the original confirmation letter, because the ISO may make cuts again - in fact, the revised confirm is no longer correct. I put a comment in the deal instructing no revised confirms to be sent, per Chris Foster.  Also, Chris noticed that the counterparty contact name in the letters was incorrect. The new contact at ARCO is Alicia Izarraraz. Her number is (562) 499-3234. I hope this helps.  Thanks, Kate 
 Oh wow - don't tell me you're a NUGGETS fan now! That is so wrong. I can't write for long just now because the ever-flourishing energy crisis is keeping us all very busy here at The Big Ron, as I so affectionately call it. Right now I'm on the cusp of either becoming a raging workaholic or cashing in my chips to become a professional beach bum. I know I already tried that and thought it wasn't for me, but trust me, one more month of this crap Portland weather and I'll ship myself right over to the Caribbean. And yes, I'm definitely coming to visit. It won't be for a couple months because this house move is going to set me back a bit. Let's just say I'm hoping I'll be so poor I'll be forced to lose weight in February. But I'm really excited - we move in on Friday - and the house is so cute. You have to at least come home to visit sometime so you can see it. I might even bring Kitty over, but Molly vehemently opposed the idea, and you know how Kitty doesn't like to be unsettled once she's staked her territory. (Big Kitty lives in daily fear.) Anyway, call me soon - you can call collect, or call and yelp into the phone and hang up - I'll know it's you and call back.  I'm stoked you're liking Denver - I really have to experience this "Rocky Mountain High" for myself. Please don't turn into a stoner ski bum and lose all fashion sense to the point of mistaking Patagonia and Tevas for catwalk wear. Hey, and you need to tell me more about this "normal" guy. You've got to watch out for those, you know - that's how the truly psycho ones disguise themselves. No, don't listen to me - I'll be bitter and single till I'm so old I have to get cats and live out my life like the crazy woman that I am. And this obsession with candles? You know you could head that off by setting up hundreds and hundreds of smoke alarms all over the house, or tell her that you just saw a special on 20/20 about houses burning down via over-decoration with candles.  Hey - do you have a freaking job there? That's the only thing I haven't heard about. You must like it or you wouldn't have applied to stay, but I need DETAILS, I need DIRT. Call me soon, we'll dish.  Love, Kate 
 PS - "Go Nuggets!" sounds like someone with a stutter saying "Go Nuts!" 
 I'm working on a phone list for some of the people I work with in the Houston office - kind of a modified version of ours. But I just noticed that my information on the floor card has changed since the last printing. Debra said I should forward the information on to you for use in the next floor card. Here it is:  Ext. 7486 Cell phone 819-2181  And actually, my home phone will change too at the end of this week. I'll send that along when I get it. I know this isn't pressing information, but I figured I'd let you know before I forgot.  Thanks, Kate 
 Please join me in congratulating Kate on her new position at the Deal Control desk. She will make the change from Origination to Trading effective Wednesday, Nov. 8. We wish her success in the endeavor, even as we are beside ourselves at such a loss.  Our new clerk, Theresa Villeggiante, will join the ranks on Thursday. In the meantime, please try to ween yourselves away from using Kate's services. Direct all requests and assignments to your respective Administrative Assistant.  This will help us keep track of tasks and complete them in a timely manner.  Thanks for your help and congratulations, Kate!  Mollie 
 P.P.S. I just got Monica's number from Amber (for about the 30th time) and here it is: (303) 322-5035. Sorry that took so long. Call her now, though. She's excited to hear from you.  K 
 Here's what I threw together this afternoon. Let me know if there are any other people in particular you'd like added to the list. Also let me know if you try any of these extensions and they happen to be wrong (we have a hard time keeping up with changing numbers too!). Forward this on to anyone you feel it might be useful to; but please let them know to call me first and foremost, since I'll probably be the most receptive on the phone.  Hope you had a safe trip back home. Again, it was great to meet you and Kim.  Talk to you soon, Kate 
 Grace, you should be a mid-marketer - you've got that supply and demand thing DOWN, girl! 
 This has been changed.  Thanks, Kate 
 Yes - I just changed the deal to reflect 0.01 broker fee.  Kate 
 Ernest - I was just wondering if I'll start getting e-mails reporting the NP-15 and SP-15 indices. Are these reports generated? If so, who should I contact to get them? Thanks for all your help in this matter.  Kate 
 505425 & 505427 have both been changed to Tradition for broker.  505431 has been changed to Coral.  Kate 
 Hey, I'm right there with ya, sister. As far as feeling out of place in a new city, it's totally normal. That's how I felt about Maui the entire time I was there. I kept thinking I was just picky, weird, anti-social or otherwise mentally unstable because I just didn't feel right there. I kept "sticking it out another month" because I thought, eventually, the majestic wonders and buff tanned men would win me over and I would spend the rest of my days frolicking along the white sand, swinging from jungle branches and blissfully speaking pidgin. But it just never clicked. I don't really know why; all I can surmise is that the lure of familiarity and home is much stronger than we know, or would like to know.  It's definitely good to get out of your comfort zone and experience something new every once in awhile (Lord knows that's my modus operandus), but I think you'll know if Denver is really "your kind of town." In the meantime, just take it for what it is - a fun place to be a young, swingin' single. It'll take more than a month to adjust and meet people; and even then you might not meet the kind of people you're ultimately looking for. Sorry to sound so pessimistic - I'm really not - maybe I'll just employ my favorite analogy to explain: when you walk into Mimi & Lena, or Fred Segal, or even Nordstrom, and you start perusing the racks, how long does it take you to decide whether or not you like a shirt or a pair of boots or something? A minute. Seconds, maybe. But you don't have to camp out in the store for several hours or days, just hanging out with your skirt of choice, to decide if you want to take it home with you. Granted, this is a mere item of clothing as compared with a habitat, but you get the picture.  Which leads me to my next point - men. Same goes for them. If there are characteristics about this guy you find make your skin crawl, it doesn't matter if he's Tom Cruise with the mind of Einstein and the social graces of....well...some guy with social graces, IT WILL NOT WORK! Run - don't walk - away from a situation like this. I have just one word to describe to you what can happen with guys like this - BRIAN. He was sooo sweet, soooo smart, soooo in love with me, and even tolerable to look at. But soon the walls came crumbling down and the level of his cheesiness, which was mild to begin with, escalated as he felt me pulling away. It all ended in that debacle we know as "Brian's Trip to Portland." It was hauntingly uncomfortable, and all I can tell you is, nobody could have warned me. I was blinded by something akin to love, but much more akin to an ego-trip, which was what I was on everyday with him because he pretty much thought I was God's gift and made sure I knew it.....constantly.  Listen, I have to go, and I've said my piece for the day. I'll try and give you a call tonight and we can theorize further on the subject. When you really get down to it, you're doing great - exactly what anyone and everyone at your age, and mine, is doing - which is basically wondering what the hell to do with the rest of our lives. And meanwhile "the rest of our lives" are slipping past unnoticed. Just remember the John Lennonn quote, "Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." Now THERE's a real man. Whoa.  Love, Kate 
 This deal was in under the wrong broker - 505229 - it's been changed. 
 505434 - Killed.  505066 - Changed to APB.  505313 - Changed to APB. (505229 - Kept the same.)  Hope this all makes sense - for not trading much today these guys are screwing up left and right!   Stephanie Piwetz   01/25/2001 01:44 PM 
 Hi Stephanie -  I just spoke with Diana about this deal and she indicated she had already cleared it up with you. Let me know if there's anything else. Thanks!  Kate    Stephanie Piwetz   11/08/2000 02:42 PM 
 I checked with Heather, and it turns out this second NCPA counterparty shortname was set up to distinguish between two different SC numbers. But it's only for internal use - both counterparty names have the same billing information, etc. So Heather said the deals are fine as they are. I'm going to find out more about this after the afternoon rush dies down - just so we'll know for the future when to use which shortname.  Kate 
 505118 & missing deal are Jeff Richter's - he's on a conference call and will get back to me in two minutes.  505223 has been changed to 300.00.  Kate 
 505118 has been changed to 1/26 -1/27. Still checking on missing deal. 
 Deal that matches 505118 is in - #504970.  Thanks for waiting, Kate 
 I checked in Jeff's trade log - he just stepped into a meeting - and 504970 had been crossed out to show 50 MW. But 505118 only has 25 MW. Does this sound correct? I'm a little confused about what you're asking - should the deals match at 50 MW on peak? Or is one 25 and one 50?  Kate 
 That sounds fine - in fact, I think in this case that Sean Crandall just hit the wrong counterparty name. Since this looks like it might be a problem for you guys in creating confirms, I'll let the traders know to be sure of which NCPA shortname they're choosing.  Kate 
 I just want to clarify something, because we were here until about 9 p.m. last night trying to flatten our position, and just figured out this morning that we were off due to the Williams deal that I changed yesterday evening. Apparently Jeff Richter didn't do any deals with Williams for 50 MW through APB, but he did do one for 50 MW with Prebon. So I'm wondering why APB was checking out like this? If possible, I'd like to avoid this in the future. Let me know if you can find anything out from APB.  Thanks, Kate 
 You're right - I've changed the deal to APS and e-mailed the Real Time group to let them know of this situation - they were unaware of the difference.  Thanks, kate 
 A Real Time guy mistakenly sold to Coral instead of using their established PGE transmission deal. 505750 has been killed and the transmission has been re-scheduled under deal #146517.  Kate 
 Pinnacle West is still working on moving all its operations from Arizona Public Service Co. to Pinnacle. In the meantime, all TRANSMISSION deals should still be made using the counterparty name "Arizona Public Service Company." All other deals are made with "Pinnacle" itself. This should change sometime in the next month, according to the confirmation group in Houston. Let me know if you have any questions.  Kate 
 Happy Monday - or whenever it is that you are blessed with the receipt of this message. A funny thing happened to me on my way to upload the PX deals on Friday. I went to process the data and was rudely stopped by an error message stating the following:  Error establishing lock on Trader ID and Trader Date: Trader Already Locked (_InboxAC11AC92.913Aoc376A1622250.4)  Interesting, isn't it? So I entered the PX deals manually and went along my merry way. Just thought you should know. 
 This was under the wrong counterparty - it's 506051. 
 Broker is right - it's been changed. 
 This sequence of e-mails is a little confusing, so I highlighted the parts you probably want to focus on in red. Like I said, I've been staring at these deals for too many hours now to see clearly what went wrong. As far as I can tell, either APB or Jeff Richter was checking out wrong. Now I just want to get to the bottom of it! Aaaaaaaa! 
 Thanks for your concern - that's so sweet of you. I think it's a combination of too many hours staring at a computer and too few hours sleeping - mixed in with a good dose of mid-winter blues. I'm sure a day on the slopes will do me good.  Thanks, Kate 
 Broker is right - deal has been changed.  By the way, I checked out audit viewer on deal 505066, and it showed that I had changed the deal from Amerex to APB yesterday afternoon. It didn't show any other changed after that - so I've put a call into Duong Luu to figure out why the change didn't save, or why it defaulted back. Just FYI.   Stephanie Piwetz   01/26/2001 02:25 PM 
 I can't believe you're leaving! I hope wherever you go next brings you joy and fulfillment, but you'll definitely be missed here. Thanks for all your help. Good luck!  Kate 
 I'm sorry - I totally spaced this one Friday afternoon. I did talk to Sean and he confirmed the price at 390.00. It's been changed. Thanks for the reminder.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   01/29/2001 07:28 AM 
 The contact name is Jack Wells, and his phone number is (281) 293-6030. Would you like me to enter this info into the deals?  Kate 
 I guess Paul Choi spoke with Melissa Murphy when she was up here and told her the language looked fine on this confirmation. He reiterated that, and I'll fax the initialed copy back to you.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   01/29/2001 10:58 AM 
 Thank you, Evelyn. I've back-dated Deal #456173 to 11/9. Let me know if there's anything else I can do.  Kate 
 Deal is 507436 - Sean forgot the broker - it's been added.  Thanks, Kate 
 This is Mike Swerzbin's deal - he's finishing up entering deals right now.  Kate 
 I can certainly send you this file each day - I hope it can be of some help. All the deals it lists are with EPMI Short Term California, which is myself or Jeff Richter; so I'm not sure how helpful it will be in determining which desk or counterparty you have discrepancies with. While we're on the subject of sharing files, though, I had spoken with the confirmation group in Houston about the deal file you send them each day. They suggested I ask to be added to the list so I can better assist their group in finding discrepancies in EPMI-EES deals. If that's okay with you, I would appreciate receiving it.  In the meantime, I'll copy you on the EES sale prices starting tomorrow.  Thanks, Kate 
 Sorry for the slow reaction time - this is the contact information Greg Wolfe gave me, and he Sean Crandall confirmed that (he was in the midst of putting a Conoco deal in the system). As for why it was taken out of the GCP system, I have no idea. If you know of anyone around here who would have called for that to be de-activated, let me know. Otherwise, our traders still know Jack Wells as the contact. Hope that helps.  Thanks, Kate 
 Jack Wells is the contact for both - I've added his name to deal #507417. According to Sean Crandall, these deals are separate from 347356. That deal was a sale, and the deals entered today are all buys. Sean said we're just buying back the MW we originally sold them. But I think that's the only connection. Let me know if you need more of an explanation from the traders, but our take is that these deals are separate.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thank you for the reminder, Rhonda. I'm going to send out another announcement this afternoon to all our traders along with the daily correction log. Hopefully this will incite everyone to pay more attention to the counterparty names they choose.  Thanks again, Kate 
 You're definitely not being difficult - it's good for us to know these things. I'm going to check with Mike Swerzbin on this - he's the trader on 347356 - after the morning trading dies down a bit. Just wanted to let you know I'm not ignoring you.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've changed these deals to FPL Energy Power Marketing. Chris wasn't aware of the difference.  I'm trying to come up with a summary list or some other kind of reminder to send out to the traders today. I.E. is FPL part of Florida Power & Light? What's a quick and easy way to determine which counterparty you're trading with?  We've just been bombarded with reports of incorrect counterparty names in our deals, and more often than not the traders are unaware of or indifferent to the difference. For your sake (and ultimately theirs, since these errors will start adding up in the daily correction report), I want to develop a more efficient system of checks and balances. If you have any suggestions (other than asking the traders to wake up and pay attention!) please let me know when you get a chance. I'll just be brainstorming today....in between changing incorrect counterparty names!  Thanks, Kate 
 Mike just finished entering deals. Missing deals are:  509064 509063  Chris just changed 508224 to Prebon for broker.  Thanks, Kate 
 This has been changed.  Thanks, Kate 
 I checked with Sean, who said he's finished entering his deals. Mike is just finishing up with his. Jeff Richter, however, still has about 8 deals to enter. This should be done within the next few minutes.  Please let me know if these don't come through shortly.  Thanks, Kate 
 No, that's fine. But because of the new global standards, we're required to produce and report all corrections made on west power deals each day. So I was looking into these deals to get trader names, terms, etc., but 3 of them wouldn't pull up. 507901, 506767, and 507900 don't seem to be in the system. Are these the correct deal numbers? Let me know when you get a chance.  Thanks, Kate 
 These deals were in under Prebon - 509009/010 have been changed to APB.  Tom does not recognize last deal.  K 
 508786 has been changed to 50 MW.  509085 was just entered: Enron buys Duke 50 MW Cal-02 PV 135.00  K 
 P.S. Tom had 509009 and 509010 in under wrong broker - they've been changed. 
 sorry i didn't respond right away - I was looking for the deal, and I found it. 508437 is the number, I've changed it to APB for broker.  K 
 Thought this might be useful for you to have as well. I highlighted the deal numbers that concern your desk in red. I know these are really nitpicky errors, but it might be worth reminding these guys of the correct counterparty names.  Kate 
 I'm so sorry! You must have this a standard response e-mail for misdirected messages. Thanks for the heads up.  Kate 
 Thought this might be useful for you to have as well. I highlighted the deal numbers that concern your desk in red. I know these are really nitpicky errors, but it might be worth reminding these guys of the correct counterparty names.  Kate 
 which book? and are you calling me a hen?  K 
 Now, is that any way to be treating a poor, unsuspecting beer? Didn't your mother teach you that grabbing is impolite?    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Both of these deals were broker errors. Following are the corrections and deal numbers:  # 457428 Mike Swerzbin buying Transalta 117.50 25 MW Dec Mid C On Peak  #457432 Mike Swerzbin buying Williams 84.00 25 MW Q1 NP-15 On Peak  Thanks for the heads up. Let me know if there's anything else.  Kate 
 She did teach me to answer SOMEONE'S questions, but I don't even know who SOMEONES is! She also taught me to embrace my rudeness.  K    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 These volumes reflect Cal-ISO cuts. Fun! 
 Should have been CAISO - I changed it.  Kate 
 These deals were entered to flatten out the traders' positions in the PX. You shouldn't see the index being used on any deals past tomorrow (the exchange closes effective Feb. 1), but Bob Badeer and Matt Motley both had positions they needed to back out of. They turned around and bought the same amount at the Dow Jones index. Hope this helps!  Kate 
 no way! you look MUCH better than that! 
 Okay - third time's the charm. After cuts were made by the Cal-ISO last night, I sent you a revised volume schedule of our sales to EES for 1/31; however, I failed to change the total load at SP-15 to reflect cuts. Now you'll see the CORRECT revisions made at all delivery points. Let me know if you have questions.  Thanks, Kate 
 I just spoke with Sean Crandall, the trader on these deals, and he said the counterparty could be either Conoco Pipeline Co. or Conoco Power Marketing. If credit has specified the latter, I'll change these deals. Just let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've received some feedback from the Real Time group regarding these counterparty discrepancies. Apparently, they were never given notice of the correct counterparty names, and chose what seemed to be the most logical name. Can we come up with a system or master list of usable counterparty names for these guys to refer to when faced with an array of choices? (i.e. There are five different names under Transalta.)  The concern lies with our daily correction report, which I generate and which includes all deals that have been changed and the name of the person who made the "error." This report can weigh unfairly against a trader who may be unaware of the difference between "Dynegy Marketing & Trade" and "Dynegy Power Marketing." I feel like there has to be a more efficient way to avoid these errors than publishing them in a report that gets sent throughout the company.  If you could help me compile this master list, or direct me to someone who can, I would greatly appreciate it.  Thanks, Kate 
 FYI 
 I forwarded this e-mail on to all our traders to give them a heads up about the new process. I did receive feedback from one trader, Mark Fischer, who said that when he began with Enron he was always told that if a contact name was not in the system that he was supposed to enter it into the comments section. He did this diligently under the pretense that eventually these names would be added to the system, but they apparently never were. He wanted to let me know of this, especially because when the traders are hurriedly entering deals, they probably won't always take the time to type in the contact name in the comments section.  Let's see if we can update this list somehow. Let me know who I can contact for this or how we can set this up.  Thanks, Kate 
 Here's a rough version. I think I included everything you mentioned. Let me know if you think anything needs to be added. 
 Thanks. I just checked Peoplefinder and all the new information is in there. One thing I couldn't change, however, was my department and supervisor. This may have to be changed by HR or my new supervisor; but at any rate, I now work in West Power Trading and report to Jeff Richter and Tim Belden.  Thanks for your help.  Kate 
 They've all been changed. Sorry for the delay. Chaos!  Kate 
 No, this was incorrect. I'll tell you something - Real Time is having problems figuring out who they do and do not trade with. We're going to have a conversation about this in a minute when I come up for air from this whole California mess. In the meantime, I've changed this to Enron Energy Services, Inc.  Thanks, Kate 
 In all the excitement of the day, I completely forgot to check on this deal. I know I got a call from one of you guys about the "New Counterparty" Diana Scholtes put in here; but I'm not sure now what I was supposed to check on.  Give me a call in the morning and let me know. Sorry!  Kate 
 I'm not sure if someone else got to this before I did, but I see the same end date at the top and bottom of this deal - 6/30/01. Let me know if this needs to be changed, or if it's not showing up correctly for you.  Thanks, Kate 
 Here's the long and short of the contact name list. It sounds like now that the confirmation group is taking the time to look at all daily deals, they might pay attention to daily traders' needs as well. Let's hope.  If you could possibly write down contact names that still aren't in the system, I'll send it on to the IT group in Houston and we should be able to get them in the system shortly.  Thanks, Kate 
 I guess the broker resolved this - I checked and it is APB's deal. Let me know if there's still a discrepancy.  Thanks, kate 
 I've changed it to be confirmed. Chris Mallory usually does mostly daily deals, so his deal blotter probably defaults to no confirm.  Thanks, kate 
 I checked with Diana Scholtes, the trader on this deal, and she said the counterparty was supposed to be CERS - California Energy Resource Schedulers. I've changed the name, but let me know if your records still show California Dept. of Water Resources.  Thanks, Kate 
 Mark looked at the confirm and said it lookes A.O.K. Sorry I'm late in getting back to you - I was out sick yesterday. This weather is not helping!  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   02/02/2001 07:21 AM 
 I've added two new swaps to reflect the change from the California PX to the Dow Jones index after 1/31/01. The following deal numbers cover the whole term of the deal.  404980 - 9/1/00 through 1/31/01 @ PX NP15 Index 512726 - 2/1/01 through 8/31/03 @ DJ NP15 Peak Index 512743 - 2/1/01 through 8/31/01 @ DJ NP15 Off-Peak Index  Both new deals have comments that link them back to the original deal. Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Kate 
 Deal 456717 has been changed to reflect Pinnacle West Capital Corp, and the traders have been reminded of the name change.  Chris Mallory said he entered the index deal selling to Calpine at about 2:15 PST today. The deal # is 457473.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've changed all the deals I could find that contained the counterparty name "California Department of Water Resources - CDWR" to "California Energy Resource Schedulers - State of California." The following deal numbers are those that have been changed. If you come across other daily deals, most likely done by EPMI Short Term California or Short Term Northwest, let me know and I'll change those counterparty names too.  510867/860/857/853/775/774  509540/518/513/511/509/508/504/463/462  Thanks for your help on this.  Kate 
 Hey there - I'm so sorry I haven't responded until now. I've been swamped with work, moving, and now the flu. Whoo, hoo! So, as far as gossip is concerned, I'm all dried up for now. I was going to go on a company ski trip this weekend, but I feel so crappy I can't even imagine being outside, let alone surrounded by snow and wind at the same time. I imagine you're totally used to that by now, but keep in mind your weather is accompanied by sun and not eternal grayness.  Our house is coming along nicely. Molly and I already want to boot Amber out, but that's okay. We deal with it by laughing about her antics whenever possible - behind her back or in front of her face. It really helps us out, and I think it does wonders for her ego too. Work is work. The weather is foul! Men are too. I don't even have one prospect at this point. Of course there's always the innocent, fleeting crushes from a distance; but I've got to admit I hardly even have the energy for those anymore.  I hope you can make it home for a visit soon, because you are going to LOVE our house. I will definitely keep my eyes peeled for cheap tickets to Denver, or maybe I'll just do the train and take a long weekend. Either way, I'll definitely make it there by springtime. Tell me about your jobs, friends (or not?), and life in general. I'm going to get back to work and hustle so I can get out of here early and suffer peacefully at home. I'll give you a call from my sick bed, 'kay?  Take care, Kate 
 These have been changed, and I'll send an e-mail out to the traders as a reminder.  Thanks, kate 
 Chris Mallory and the Prebon broker are currently debating this price. I'll let you know when they settle it.  Thanks, Kate 
 I don't see any deals with any of these terms in Tom's trade log for today. He's left the office, and I've left him a message on his cell phone - but until then, I can't really say if this is good or not. Could it be a Mark Fischer deal?  Kate 
 The Prebon broker was pulling his tapes this morning when I asked Chris about it - he said he'd let me know as soon as they worked it out. I just checked with Chris again, and apparently the broker pulled tapes from the wrong day. But we should know soon. I'll e-mail you right away.  Kate 
 Both deals have been changed - 512924 has been changed to no confirmation. 512929 has been given a contact name. And thanks for the update on daily deal confirmations.  Kate 
 Looks like Tom forgot this deal on Friday - I've just entered it. Deal # is 514006. One thing I didn't check on was whether it was off-peak or on-peak. Does this deal check out with APB? Let me know.  Thanks, kate 
 512827 has been changed. I'm still tracking down Bob to find out about his deal. I'll let you know.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   02/05/2001 06:37 AM 
 Then it's in correctly - thanks. 
 Just FYI - The tie point and Cal PX deals we uploaded this morning did in fact load as Enron Online deals. Oh joy!  I talked to Will Smith, who said he thought he'd heard this complaint before and very cordially agreed to take a look at it. I just thought I'd keep you informed of the latest episode in what I'm sure will be an award-winning series. (How about "The Good, the Bad, and the Cal PX Bridge"?)  Kate 
 Chris and the broker agreed to the broker's price - I've changed this deal to a price of 165.00. Thanks for waiting.  Kate 
 512927 has also been changed to .005 broker fee.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   02/05/2001 06:37 AM 
 513386 has been changed. 514418 - no such deal. 
 513386 - changed to APB.  514157 - Mike is checking with broker on this. 
 Mike is just finishing up entering his deals - should show up in a second. 
 514118 was changed to COB. 
 I'm sending a copy of the error message I received when I tried to enter our futures deals today. The application saved one deal, but would not accept the other two. The only difference between the three deals is the delivery month. Is there any way we can get this fixed soon? The clearing broker has had a record of these deals since Jan. 31, and the trader is getting a little antsy to have them recorded in our system. Thanks so much for your help....  ORA-20500: Unable to translate deal QQ0938.0 into ERMS system. ORA-06512: at "BIG.SP_XINSTR_INS", line 173 ORA-06512: at "BIG.TRG_XINSTR_AI", line 22 ORA-04088: error during execution of trigger 'BIG.TRG_XINSTR_AI'   No changes made to database.  Good luck! Kate 
 Both deals have been changed to offset -1.0.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   02/06/2001 08:19 AM 
 wussup wichu, brutha? just wanted to let you know i'm done with your book. it was a superior work of literature, by the way. i highly recommend it. if you want it back, send a self-addressed stamped box to 2505 NE 32nd Pl., Portland, OR 97212. just kidding....gosh! that's the address of my super-sweet house, by the way. next time you're in town you have to come over and have a civilized dinner in our DINING ROOM. that's right - we have one. and many other rooms too. it's an all-around great place to be, let me tell you. gotta go control your energy now. write back.  love, kate 
 Monica Lande also came up with a list of our outstanding deals with the PX. It contains most of the same deals that are found in your spreadsheet, and a few that aren't. Also, Bob Badeer has become the leader-by-default of this "project." Let me know if you'd like me to talk with him about our progress or have him call you. I'm not sure how involved you are, or how involved you'd like me to be, but I thought I'd keep you up to date on the happenings over here. Again, please let me know how I can help.  Thanks, Kate 
 Here are all of the deal numbers that correspond with today's tie point, Cal PX, and Cal Imbalance deals. I erased the EOL transaction numbers on the first four, but I believe they were going in a sequence beginning at 627.  Thanks so much for your help on this.  458259 458260 64 65 66 Tie Points 67 69 70  458271 72 PX 73  458276 58 Imbalance 
 Willie - Per our conversation - the West Power desk needs three new settlement indices for entering swaps deals in EnPower. The indices are as follows:  Last day settle for MIDC NYMEX contract Last 5-day average for PALO VERDE NYMEX contract Last 5-day average for COB NYMEX contract  Please let me know if you have any questions. The first index is a little more pressing than the other two - one of our traders did a futures deal a week ago which we have yet to swap from his book to the one it belongs in. We can't execute the swap until we have a MIDC settlement index.  Thank you so much for your help.  Kate (503) 464-7486 
 I just spoke with Holli, and she reported that the confirmation has been awaiting a signature at Grant County for the past week. She said she plans to send it to Kim Theriot as soon as she gets it back. Let me know if that sounds good; otherwise, I can ask her about sending you an unsigned copy.  Thanks, Kate 
 Mike just talked to the broker and told me it is Merrill - deal has been changed. 
 Broker is right - deal has been changed to .015 broker fee. 
 hey - how's your sexy body? don't have much time right now, but thought i'd drop a line to tell you that i'm so broke i'm considering picking up some unmentionable weekend job and therefore cannot make it down there for prezzy's day weekend. i'm so pissed! but it will happen soon - and anytime you're up here you need to stay with me - we have a guest bedroom for gosh sakes. also, i met malia at a party the other weekend - talk about a freakin' small world! she was so sweet, but then i'm not surprised - she'd have to be to put up with you. (ha, ha) anyway, take care, call me soon, and toast my absence with a bottle of wine tonight.  kate 2505 NE 32nd Place Portland, OR 97212 (503) 288-6546 
 Broker is correct - deal has been changed. 
 broker is correct - deal has been changed 
 looks like that's the price in the deal....am i missing it? 
 mike just checked with broker - it's 54.05. 
 Just for everyone's information - I've entered two buys from Seattle City Light to negate an earlier sale of power to the company (Deal 317868). The deals are as follows:  515404 STCA buys SCL 2/8/01-2/28/01 SP-15 Off Peak $115.00  515420 LTCA buys SCL 3/1/01-3/31/01 SP-15 Off Peak $115.00  I'm giving you this disclaimer either because you asked me to enter the deal, the deal is in your book, or the deal will affect your calc. The volume is shaped between 1 and 2 MW. Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Kate 
 This is an automated function of Deal Blotter. I have called Will Smith to let him know it's malfunctioning; but all deals not using NP15, SP15, or ZP26 should default to Firm Energy. I've also changed the energy to Firm in Deal #458255. If you could let me know the other deal numbers that need to be changed, I'll follow up with those too.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   11/14/2000 02:16 PM 
 Attached are the EPMI-EES sale prices for the first week of February. I will resume responsibility for maintaining and sending the spreadsheet tomorrow, and you can expect to receive it daily. Thanks for your patience while we were working out the kinks on this one.  Kate 
 Diana is again not in today, but Sean Crandall is checking on it. I'll let you know any minute.  Kate 
 Checked with EES - Bob Badeer's deals are off peak. They've been changed.  515040 - changed last night to 275  Sean Crandall is entering the last deal right now. I'll let you know the deal number in a minute.  Thanks, Kate 
 This was entered before we had the option in EnPower to enter deals under California Energy Resource Schedulers - CERS. It's been changed.  Kate 
 Broker checked out incorrectly with Matt - deal has been changed to Nevada.  Kate 
 deal has been changed 
 mike's just getting out of a meeting - i'll check with him - has 25 mw in his trade log. 
 it's been changed 
 516626 Sell BP 25 mw 175.00/on peak q4-01  516627 sell williams 25 mw 175.00/on peak q4-01  And the last deal is in, according to Tom and Mike Swerzbin - Tom entered it, but it's in Mike's book. Let me know if it's still not in there.  Kate 
 516605 516606  should be in there. 
 Swerzbin just entered the deal - sells to Duke January Mid-C $118 On Peak Deal #458748  I changed Deal #457993 to Pinnacle West Corp. and reminded Diana AGAIN of the name change.  Thanks, Kate 
 516651 - Tom told me he had already put it in; then Mike just brought the same deal to me to put in - sorry about that! 
 The contact is James McFall - it's been added.  Kate 
 There is no correction report for 2/7; however, this e-mail was returned to me last night. Here goes again..... 
 515166 and 515167 have been changed to 50 MW.  Kate 
 I spoke with Sean Crandall, who told me that from his standpoint the deals ARE separate; however, John Malowney is the mid-marketer who works with Conoco, and he told me that this special language is fine to include in the confirmations for these deals. Turns out I was just asking the wrong person.  Let me know if you need comments added in these deals.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   02/08/2001 08:20 AM 
 Mike Swerzbin said okay to off-peak on these deals. They've been changed.  Thanks, Kate 
 Just to let you all know - the following deals have been changed per Mike Swerzbin -  516611 - from H01 to Q3-01 516618 - from 10 mw to 16 mw 516651 - from Mid-C to Palo  Let me know if you have any questions about these changes. (Most were due to my inability to read his handwriting!)  Thanks, Kate 
 It's just been changed. 
 I've changed these to Firm energy.  Kate 
 It was in - just missing broker, but it's fixed now. 
 Thanks, Laura. Today is the kind of day I need to be reminded of SOME reason why it's good to be me. 
 Finally! After a slight uphill battle, we've successfully entered the first three futures deals under the Mid-Columbia NYMEX settlement price. Because all of you were involved in this process in one way or another, I thought I'd let you know that it was successful in the end, and forward the deal numbers along for reference. They are as follows:  TAGG Futures Deals - QQ0362 (J-01) QQ3837 (K-01) QQ7050 (M-01)  ENPOWER Swap Deals - 517925 (J-01) 517928 (K-01) 517929 (M-01)  Thank you for all of your patience and cooperation. If you have any questions, please let me know.  Kate Symes (503) 464-7486 
 These deals have a contact name - Don Imamura - in them now. I asked Tracy Ngo, our credit person, about NCPA's credit status, and she said that since they've been done, it's now a matter of risk management or damage control - if it should even come to that. At any rate, the deals are good and now have contact info.  Thanks, kate 
 517384 - price has been changed to $260 517891 - mike's book shows Palo delivery - desk was wrong - has been changed to LTNW 517884 - price has been changed to $300 517876/877 - missing Amerex deals were under wrong desk (STCA) - have been changed to LTNW  Also, I entered many of Mike's deals today, but in my rush forgot to re-set my Deal Blotter defaults - so the deals went in under Short Term California instead of Long Term Northwest. I've changed them all to the correct desk, which should clear up the missing deals, and hopefully will make more sense for your checkouts. Sorry about the confusion - entering deals for three different desks at once gets a little hectic!  Let me know if you have questions.  Kate 
 508957 - changed offset from -1.5 to -1 on 2/6 per Stephanie Piwetz (verbal Mirant checkout)  All the rest of the deals I entered for Mike Swerzbin yesterday in my deal blotter, which defaults to Short Term California. I noticed immediately after saving the deals that they were under the wrong desk, and changed them to Long Term Northwest in deal entry. Are there other problems with the deals? The only change should be the desk. Please let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 Sorry if I scared you for a minute there! 
 I've left a message for Mike Swerzbin, the trader on these deals. They're both in Enpower the way they're in his trade log, so I don't want to change anything until I talk to him. I'm also going to call Judy Dyer at EES for confirmation on the 517876 price. I'll let you know.  Thanks, Kate 
 475170 has been changed to .0075 broker fee. 
 changed 
 i'm just entering those deals. 
 this is a broker mistake - they didn't mean to put out this number, and called us to break the trade - they shouldn't be checking it out.  thanks, kate 
 All of these deals have been changed. We had a problem with Mark's defaults this morning.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   11/14/2000 02:55 PM 
 this is a tom alonso deal - he's just finishing deal entry 
 Deal number is 518995. Thanks for waiting.  Kate 
 Mike still has not returned my calls, and is not at work today. I checked with Mike Driscoll, Swerzbin's assistant, and he confirmed that 517876 should be $300. It's an EES spread, and the other side (deal #517877)  is $313 - is that what Amerex is looking for? He also checked into 517891 and found that the delivery point should be SP-15. It's been changed.  Let me know if there are further questions.  Thanks, Kate 
 It was a deal with Pacificorp - new trader error. It's been changed.  Thanks, kate 
 Mike Driscoll just talked with the broker, and they agreed to the price Enron has - broker will change the checkout sheet now. Sorry for the confusion.  Kate 
 I just got out of a meeting and read your e-mails. I have no idea why she would have used this counterparty name, but looks like it's all taken care of. Let me know if you need anything further on this.  Kate 
 These ARE a kind of desk-to-desk deal, but officially they are cross-portfolio deals, because they cross from the ENAEXEC to WEST portfolio. I'm not familiar with Unity, but let me check around here and see if anyone knows where these deals should be settled. Also let me know if the fact that they are cross-portfolio deals helps you at all. That's all I know right now.  Kate 
 Just changed it - Matt's book had a .015 fee in it, so I changed it to that. Does Natsource agree? 
 We don't have fees on the BUY side of an EES sleeve - this particular deal is the sale side. Unfortunately, Matt had scribbled something next to this deal that looked like "no bro" which usually indicates no fee, but it was actually ".015 bro." Anyway, that's probably more information than you needed.....sorry!  Kate 
 458406 has been changed to off peak.  458733 - Chris thinks this is with APB, but says it may be Prebon. We tried to check with Prebon or APB, but no one was at either desk. I'll try to contact Evelyn (who I think checks out with Prebon) to see if she's missing any deals.  Let me know if APB gets back to you.  Thanks, Kate 
 Diana says it's definitely on peak hours. Let me know.... 
 I'm not quite sure how this exchange began, but it sounds like Kroum is referring to several different issues here. First of all, our forward obligation report does not reflect cross-portfolio deals, an application issue that Will Smith, and it looks like Kroum as well, has been working on for the past few weeks.  Also, deal 498488 is a forward deal done on EOL between STSW and their own desk. I haven't seen a trade WITHIN a desk before, but I'm sure anything is possible. At any rate, this doesn't look like a cross-portfolio deal at all. Am I missing something?  As for the zeroed out deals, I'm pretty sure everyone here knows how to properly kill deals in Enpower; however, it takes so long that sometimes we simply zero out the volume in the interest of time. I've often wondered if this litters the system and makes it more confusing for other people to do their jobs - do you know anything about that?  I just thought I'd ask these questions while the subject was being raised. Please let me know if I can help facilitate these changes or improvements in any way.  Thanks, Kate 
 All of these have been changed, and the real time desk has been alerted. I believe Bill Williams is working on a list for his traders to refer to when in doubt of counterparty names. I'll check up on that and let you know.  Thanks, Kate 
 Trades with TransAlta go through their energy marketing subsidiary, called TransAlta Energy Marketing (US) Inc. These deals were in under the parent company, TransAlta Energy Marketing Corp. I know this is petty, but it makes people like Rhonda cranky. For some reason she feels it is an offense punishable by reaming. I don't. This is just a  reminder.  Kate  red = correct counterparty name blue = incorrect counterparty name 
 Great - that all sounds about like what I'd expected. Thanks for the multiple-terminal-server tip. Again, I'm more than happy to help get this forward obligation report up to speed and producing the kind of data we need - just let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 Per your request for year-to-date numbers: here's an example of what I could include in the daily EOL summary. Let me know if this is helpful for you, and if you'd like it included on the graph sheet. I think it might be too tight to fit on the page as it is, but there's no reason why we can't generate a two-page report. As long as we're going in that direction, is ther any other data you'd like to see in graph form? 
 Please note that there were cuts on 2/11 and 2/12, so there will be slight changes in the fixed price sale volumes. Call with questions.  Kate 503-464-7486 
 You're welcome. 
 Mike Driscoll just checked with the broker - it should be SP-15 - he's having the back office change it.  Thanks, Kate 
 Yes, it's been killed. Thanks for checking on that.  Kate 
 1. 458641 is correct.  2. 458801  3. 458802  And 458718 has been changed to a PM expiry time.  Thanks, Kate 
 No, thank you! I've changed it to CAISO energy.  Kate 
 Mike Driscoll is entering a bunch of deals for Swerzbin right now - they'll be done in just a minute. 
 changed 
 changed 
 521718 changed to Prebon 
 521620 - changed to Amerex  And Mike Driscoll is entering the Sierra Pacific sell right now. 
 521628 and 522087 - both are sells to Sierra Pacific - 25 mw each for a total of 50 mw sale to SP. 
 It's just been put in - Mike forgot about an EES sleeve. 
 The Dow Jones report is compiled of data sent from many different counterparties. The lovely people at Dow Jones painstakingly analyze the data to ensure its accuracy. Averaged together, these prices become the Dow Jones daily index price. And that's the long and short of it.  The process, as you've guessed by now, is a little more complicated than that. For one thing, Dow Jones looks at each counterparty's sales to reach an average of all the prices. It would be redundant for each counterparty to ALSO report their purchases from each other. Therefore, when calculating the Dow Jones data, we only include purchases from counterparties who ARE NOT participants in the Dow Jones survey. Following is a simple example:  Participant List  NP-15 Purchases  NP-15 Sales  Reported NP-15 Purchases Reported NP-15 Sales Sempra  Sempra - $250   Sempra - $250  Avista - $270   Sempra - $250 Duke   Duke - $260   Duke - $260      Duke - $260 Enron   Avista - $270   Avista - $270      Avista - $270  Now that's simple!  Following is the participant list for Dow Jones' survey of trading at NP-15 and SP-15 delivery points. Deals with these counterparty names need to be excluded from the calculation of PURCHASES at NP-15 and SP-15 delivery points.  American Electric Power - Amerelecpo Avista Energy - Avistaene Duke Energy Trading and Marketing - Dukeenetra El Paso Merchant Energy Enron Power Marketing, Inc. - EPMI Idaho Power Company - Idacorpene PacifiCorp - PACE Pacific Gas & Electric Company - PG&E Powerex Corp. - PWX Puget Sound Energy, Inc. - PSPL Mirant Americas Energy Marketing (formerly Southern Company Energy Marketing) - SCEM TransAlta Energy Marketing (US) Inc. - Transalt  So I've probably succeeded in confusing you even more, but please feel free to come bug me with questions. Good luck!  Kate 
 I've added APB as the broker on 521454.  Thanks, Kate 
 I think I found what you're looking for:  www.ferc.fed.us  Once you get to the home page, click on the "gas" icon. From there, hit the link to the "FERC Gas Tariffs Page." Then it gives you a choice of viewing the tariffs in HTML or saving them to a different file.  I wasn't quite sure how you wanted to review this information. The website is updated every 30 days, or so it said, so you may just want to keep it bookmarked and check it out whenever you need the information.  If I totally missed the mark, please let me know and I'll keep looking. 
 Thank you all for being so patient with me while I am under Carla's wise tutelage. Hopefully I'll be up to speed in the next few days, but if you notice me doing anything insanely wrong, don't hesitate to yell.  One thing that has lagged slightly, but will be making a comeback tomorrow, is the Deal Correction Report. Every afternoon I'll check up on discrepancies noted by Houston and determine the source of the error. If the source of the error is you, me, the broker, or the computer gods, it will be noted in the error report and given to Risk Management to assist them in their daily calculation.  Thanks again, Kate 
 I spoke with Mark Fischer about this - Tom Alonso stepped out of the office for a minute - and he said Tom would probably want to talk to his contact with FPL. So I'm going to wait before changing these counterparty names. I'll also check with him on the off peak hours for 517518, and get back to you in just a minute.  Thanks, Kate 
 517518 and 517520 have been changed to FPL Energy Power Marketing; and Tom's sticking by his price on 517518. Would you mind sending me Jeff Wallace's phone number if you have it? These guys are still busy trading, so I'd like to take care of it myself if I can.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thanks for the spreadsheet, Stephanie. Mike just stepped off the desk for about 15 minutes. I'll look over all the documents with him when he gets back and let you know, Kerri.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   02/14/2001 10:17 AM 
 You're right - 458802 is a deal with Constellation, but it's part of a sleeve Mike Swerzbin did for EES. Thanks for the spreadsheet, and for getting me on the mailing list.  Kate 
 missing broker - I added Natsource. 
 Checking with Jeff Richter on these - give me one minute to get a call back. 
 this has been changed. 
 sorry! that's a little vague - it's been changed to CAISO energy. 
 Looks like a real time guy put this deal in - along with three others - for El Paso. Real Time isn't used to marking confirms on their deals, since they're usually just trading hour-ahead. Let me know how you'd like these to be changed (i.e. "yes-agreement" or "yes-counterparty to send confirm"), and I'll do that right away.  Thanks, Kate 
 The following deals were changed to "Yes" confirm status and given contact names:  522892/522906/522916/522924  Kate 
 Sorry for the confusion, Sharen. I checked with the traders, and found that Deal #458391 does NOT need to be confirmed per Paul Choi in Mid-Marketing, who entered the deal with Valley Electric.  Deal #457963 DOES need to be confirmed. It was a trader mistake.  Thanks, Kate 
 these are 50 mw - they've been changed. 
 Yes - this is Nevada Power - it's been changed. 
 Mike says it's 50 mw - I'll change it when Risk is done with the calc.  Thanks, Kate 
 1. Because 2/18 is a Sunday and this is an off-peak deal, no hours will be counted for 2/18. If you need me to change the term anyway, I can. Let me know. 2. The rest of these deals traded on Bloomberg after Jeff Richter and Chris Mallory left for a power marketing conference. This caused many problems, as you can see. Following are the added or corrected deals:  1) 523831 - changed from Dynegy to Reliant - corrected 2) 524481 - buy Duke/March-01/NP/265.00] - added 3) 524482 - same terms - added  Let me know if you have any further discrepancies with these deals.  Thanks, Kate 
 Matt Motley deal 524143 Per Amerex the price should be $263 not $163 - price changed to $263  Mike Swerzbin deal 524171 Per Amerex the price should be $300 not $310 - price changed to $300  deal 524172 Per Amerex the price should be $300 not $310 - price changed to $300  deal 524267 Per Amerex the total mw should be 50 not 25 - MW should be 25 - other side of sleeve is 25 MW  deal 524310 Per Amerex the term should be March not April - term should be April  I am missing the following deal: Enron buys from EES 25 mw of off-peak Mid-C for Q3'01 at $285.95. - 524248 - part of a spread sleeve done with EES and El Paso - only one broker fee agreed upon - fee included on deal 524247 NOT 524248  Jeff Richter deal 523881 Per Amerex the term should be 2/17 only not 2/17-2/18 - on peak deal - does not calculate any volume for 2/18 because it is a Sunday (all off peak hours)  deal 523882 Per Amerex the term should be 2/17 only not 2/17-2/18 - same as above  The above trades were entered in Jeff's deal blotter with a Saturday/Sunday mask; I guess Carla has done this before and said it shouldn't make a difference because Sunday is an off-peak day and these are on-peak deals. If it does make a difference in reference to your group, please let me know and I'll be happy to pass the message on to the traders and anyone else who enters deals. I can also change those deals if necessary.  Thanks, Kate 
 These were entered late. 
 Jeff Richter - all deals are on peak - do not recognize Sunday off-peak hours  Chris Mallory - 523831 changed to Bloomberg deal  Matt Motley - 524308 in trade log as buy Aquila/May-01/25 mw/Prebon at $260.00 - Matt is tied up in conference right now, but judging from the other May deals in his blotter and from his curves, this price is correct. $160 is about $100 less than anything else trading at that time. Ask Prebon where they got that from...  Thanks, Kate 
 I'll have to ask Mike about this in the morning - he's in that conference for the afternoon. It says 25 mw in his trade log. 
 We show peak both in Enpower and in Mike's trade log. I'll check with Mike in the morning - but in his log he has off-peak circled - that could either mean he was questioning it or he was absolutely sure about it - we'll find out though!  Thanks, Kate 
 This deal is the same as all the others Carla Hoffman entered yesterday - in the interest of time, she entered all deals with a Saturday-Sunday mask in Deal Blotter. If the deals were on peak, she said it shouldn't matter that they were marked to flow both days, because Sunday is all off-peak hours. I explained this in a couple e-mails yesterday - I guess I got confused about who I told. Carla said she's done this before and it shouldn't be a problem. Please let me know if you agree with this. In my opinion, just taking the time to explain the discrepancy in the 10 or 12 deals that were entered this way actually took more time than it saved. What do you think?  Kate 
 453152   broker has .0075 - trader mistake/should be .0075 not .75  450710  broker has .0075 - trader mistake/should be .0075  451976  broker has .0075 - part of sleeve/either 451976 or 451977 should have .0075 fee  457489  broker has .0075 - no broker fee  457465  broker has .0075 - no broker fee  454511  broker has .0075 - part of sleeve/either 454511 or 454512 should have .0075 fee  Would you like me to go ahead and make these changes? Please let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thought I'd mix it up a little and send you a completely unrelated document yesterday....what fun! Anyway, sorry for the mix-up - I was on autopilot. Here's the updated EES spreadsheet through Sunday, Feb. 18. Call with questions.  Thanks, Kate 503-464-7486 
 These deals have been changed - just thought I'd let you guys know, for future reference, that deals scheduled to flow during on peak hours only should not be booked through Sunday. Even though the system won't recognize any Sunday hours, apparently it messes with Houston's reports.  Thanks, Kate 
 Matt just talked to his broker and verified the price at $260. If the back office doesn't recognize this in the next couple minutes, tell them to TALK to Rodney Drake, the Prebon broker who seemed to be quite sure that our price was right. I'm sorry this is causing chaos on your end - but sometimes I wonder if the brokers are communicating with people in their own office....?  Kate 
 Surprise, surprise - Mike checked with his broker at Amerex, who said he has April written down for this trade. Mike asked him to re-confirm with his back office. The contact in this deal is Bert Dunn, if you need to give them a name of someone to speak to.  Thanks, Kate 
 Issue 1 - Mike Swerzbin Missing deal = 524266 (Enron buys EES - 25 mw - off peak - Mid C - Q3'01 - price is $285.95) Mike Driscoll just spoke with Amerex broker, who confirmed he wanted the five-cent fee on a different deal (524247), not this one. Our price is right.  Issue 2 - Mike Swerzbin Mike agreed to 50 mw, but if we change this deal we have to change the other side - therefore, 524267 and 524266 will both be changed to 50 mw.  Issue 3 - Diana Scholtes This is the first I think I've heard about 523984 - I'm sorry if I overlooked it. Diana says it's $345 - it's been changed.  Let me know if this resolves everything.  Kate 
 It's been changed - and out of curiosity, when does Daylight Savings Time start? March, I think? 
 Mike verified it at 50 mw - it's changed. 
 525523 - Enron buys Duke, March, NP-15, 50 mw, $265 - MISSING BROKER - I'VE ADDED PREBON  Mike just entered his deal - 525558  Can't locate the last deal - left message for Diana - I'll let you know. 
 It's changed. 
 It's been changed. 
 I'm sorry for the delay on this, Tim. I've been in contact with Will Smith in Houston since yesterday to try to fix the problem of PX, Imbalance, and Tie Point deals uploading as Enron Online deals. Here are the correct statistics. 
 Thanks for the update, Ryan. I've forwarded the e-mail along, and hopefully you'll continue to get a good response from all the Blazer fans here. I had a chance to catch last night's game - if you could call it that - against the Kings. Now all we have to do is pull a Tonya Harding on Chris Webber and we've got a chance at the championship!  I also thought I'd mention that I'm no longer in the same position with Enron. I moved into commodity trading a few months ago, so TECHNICALLY I'm not the point of reference for Blazer matters - Mollie Gustafson is. I've retained the title only because I happen to be the most outspoken fan on the floor; so I love receiving all the latest news. But if you ever have a more urgent matter, or, for example, when it comes time to renew our season tickets, you'll want to call Mollie. She's the woman with the checkbook, so to speak.  In the meantime, feel free to contact me with news about deals, discounts, free tickets, a date with the team, etc. (ha,ha)  Kate Symes (True Blazer Fan Contact) West Power Trading 503-464-7486  Mollie Gustafson (Contact by Virtue of Job Title) West Origination 503-464-3817 
 It's CAISO energy - and I've changed it. I guess some kinks are there to stay, huh? I will have a great weekend, thanks - I'm actually having a housewarming party at my new house! You have fun too!  Kate 
 How did you know Steve Smith would be my first choice for a Blazer date? Maybe I'm not as original as I thought I was.  Anyway, I think you've got it straight. Mollie is the administrative assistant in charge of ordering and paying for season tickets for the Origination group. I'm a trader's assistant  who once worked for Mollie and stole the Blazer responsibility out from under her nose. We still cross paths every now and then, so anything that comes to me will get to her.  Thanks for taking such good care of our sporting needs. And you have a great weekend too. Don't forget to take a moment of silence for our past Presidents on Monday.  Kate 
 I just found the deal, and as I suspected, it had the incorrect broker on it.  525180 Sell Avista Mid-C 2/19-2/20 25 mw 325.00 PREBON  Thanks, Kate 
 Please note an addition to the daily EOL summary. Two new tables delineate each desk's year-to-date trades, in addition to the month-to-date and daily trade tables usually included in the report. Feel free to let me know if you find this data helpful, harmful, or not even worthy of note.  Thanks, Kate 
 Hey Dad - Thanks for your update on the status of the sailing club's opening day. For my purposes, April 22 works better simply because I probably won't be coming anyway..... Just joking. Looks like I mistakenly made it onto your sailing club e-mail list. Unless I'm really invited to opening day?  Kate 
 Thanks for thinking of me during your consolidated e-mail spree. It's always nice to arrive at work Monday (or in this case Tuesday) morning and receive something other than urgent, faceless messages demanding my immediate attention. I received those as well this morning, of course, but being who I am decided to respond urgently to the frivolous ones and frivolously to the urgent ones.  Your Sunday sounds incredibly more productive than mine - pity. After a quick survey of the very little mess left after you two left (THANK YOU!), Molly and I decided to bag any further cleaning and instead go for a drive through some of the nicer Portland neighborhoods, admiring gardens here and paint colors there. Everyone was out enjoying the crisp sunshine and inhaling our exhaust fumes. But watching from our comfortable car seats was about all we could muster after the weekend's debaucheries. Then we returned home for a movie marathon that did not, you correctly assumed, include the Philadelphia story. We did watch two fabulous films - "The Virgin Suicides" and "Croupier," both of which I highly recommend. We built a gigantic bed out of couch cushions and drank chamomile tea until we passed out.  Amber the mysteriously absent roommate turned up Monday afternoon, and I was amazingly more angry than I had previously thought, mostly because she walked into the house smacking of defensiveness, ready to fight. So rather than disappoint her expectations, I gave her what she wanted, only with more volume. If the neighbors didn't hear us Saturday night, they can be sure somebody lives there now.  I've got a call in to my friend Scott to locate Mr. Down Under Wine guy. In my slightly more sober state, I'm starting to feel like he may own a winery in Australia, not New Zealand. We'll find out for sure later today. And I'll let you know when I hear from him.  Thanks again for making the trip DOWN to Portland - you guys were great company. I'd love to come to Seattle this weekend; however, I never make plans more than one day in advance. I've found myself to be much too flaky for that. Let me know if you need notice sooner than that.  Take care, Kate 
 It was great - we ended up having a really eclectic mix of people. You should have stopped by! No worries, though, I'm sure we'll have many more. Thanks for the info for Molly - I'll pass it along, for whatever it's worth. Also, I noticed you hadn't deposited the check yet - if you'd like, I can bring you cash at about 11:30 this morning. Just thought maybe that would be easier for you. Let me know.  Kate 
 FYI - I've entered a new index-forward per Paul Choi into Matt Motley's Long Term Southwest book. The sale is a replica of deal #501404, except deal term is March instead of February. All other terms are the same. New deal # is 526973 .  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Kate 
 Changes have been made to deals 453152, 450710, 451976, and 454511.  Thanks, Kate 
 Bend like a reed in the wind? It's funny you should say that, since I've been reading a lot about Buddhist philosophy lately. I stayed with a couple in London who practice Buddhist meditation pretty regularly. Ever since then I've thought something like that would do a world of good for my mental health, being that I've always been more of a giant steel piling than a reed when the wind kicks up. I did let her have it, don't worry; but my Catholic guilt always gets the best of me, and I assure you I'll be extending all kinds of undeserved compassion by this evening.  As far as the sick thing goes - screw that. That's one occasion you cannot take lying down, or bending like a reed as it were. You sabotage that thing with vitamin C and some uber-multi-vitamin and echinacea and hot water with lemon and honey and 14 hours of sleep a night UNTIL IT RUNS SCREAMING FROM YOUR BODY. I hate being sick...almost as much as I hate bending like a reed.  Speaking of Woody Allen - I saw his new one, "Small Time Crooks," last night. I'd give it an unenthusiastic "mediocre." Rent it if you've exhausted all other options. Tonight I think we're going to check out "Traffic" - I've heard rave reviews. Or otherwise it's "Cinema Paradiso" for the sixty-thousandth time, but this time on the big screen. The deciding factor will be money, and beer. "Traffic" will cost twice as much as "Cinema," but the theater showing "Cinema" has comfy couches and serves beer, so I'll end up spending twice as much as I would at "Traffic." Do you see the moral dilemma here?  I'm sorry to ramble, but today happens to be alarmingly devoid of surprises. Having said that, I'm practically positive some catastrophe will occur in the next 30 seconds, so I'm going to go now.  Kate 
 Wow! That's so exciting to see the words "clean checkout" associated with OUR beloved brokers and traders. Thanks for your persistence with all of this - I know it gets frustrating. Please let me know whenever I can help - I'm trying to respond quickly to the e-mails coming from Houston confirms, but in the interest of accuracy I'm also trying to be thorough. So feel free to give me a nudge every once in awhile.  Thanks, Kate 
 Hey there stranger!  Thanks for the pictures - they've definitely been the highlight of my day. It's funny that you sent those now, because over the weekend Molly and I had our big housewarming blowout party, and - speaking of strangers - Michael (of sushi fame) and his friend came down from Seattle for it! Weird, huh. I don't see or hear from the guy in half a year, and then in the same three days he not only comes to my house but shows up in my e-mail.  I can't chat right now - things are just coming to a rolling boil here at work. But I'll give you a call this evening. Are you packed for Spain yet? Are you ready to leave the laid back island like to which you've grown accustomed? Is everyone there still as crazy as when I left them? Write back, or give me a call. I'd love to hear the update.  Take care, Kate 
 In all the confusion last week, I can't remember if we figured this one out! Let me know.  Kate 
 FYI 
 Here you are, ladies. As per our prior discussion, these are the Dow Jones index price reports I promised to send you. Let me know how this works for you. If there are no questions, comments, or concerns, I'll forward the e-mails to you each week on Tuesday afternoon as soon as I receive them.  And thanks for encouraging Willie Harrell to automate the pub-posting system. Sounds pretty logical to me!  Kate 
 Somebody needs to remember to cover more skin in public..... 
 Yes - I got all your e-mails. Very cute. Are you ever going to say anything, or will I just continue to receive enigmatic and virtually anonymous messages forever?  Kate 
 Yes, this should be a purchase, and I've changed it. Thanks for your alert!  Kate 
 Prebon is right on this. Both deals are 25 MW. They've been changed.  Thanks, Kate 
 This is done. Let me know if it shows up in your report.  Kate 
 So didya hear the Blazers creamed the Nuggets last night? I always knew the Pacific Northwest would dominate in sports - they're not battling with that ol' Rocky Mountain High if ya know what I mean.  Well I'm sorry I didn't get back to you yesterday - work was hectic and I knew that if I started an e-mail to you it would either be half-assed or I'd never finish it. Well, I'm going for the former now, because I realized there would never be a good time to divulge the full and sordid details of what's happening around here, and all the while I wait, more and more important nuggets (get it!) of gossip are accumulating.  So it's quite appropriate that you wrote yesterday with roommate issues - mine could not be worse. Amber took off for the "library" on Thursday night and came home.....four days later. After Molly and I had a mild freak-out session on Friday - which included calling everybody she's every known, including Chris and the police - we heard through the grapevine that Marky McCulloch, of Neidermeyer cousin fame, was in town from none other than Denver and the two were having a secret and James-Bond-like rendezvous at the beach. Well that was all well and fine, other than the fact that she DIDN'T TELL US SHE WAS LEAVING and we had been planning a housewarming party this weekend for the past month and she DIDN'T TELL US SHE WAS LEAVING and she moved kitty into the house but still hasn't told our landlords or paid the $500 deposit, oh, and also, SHE DIDN'T TELL US SHE WAS LEAVING. So many things were wrong and bizarre about that, but none more than her attitude when she walked in the door Monday afternoon. Let's just say I spared no lung muscles in telling her exactly what I thought about her selfish, childish, idiotic, and most importantly, psychotically self-important behavior. She had the gall to defensively scream back that she didn't tell us BECAUSE SHE DIDN'T WANT TO LIE. Hmmmm. Not only did she not want to lie - how sweet - but she couldn't have told us because Molly and I have suddenly developed an insatiable urge to spread fervent and widespread rumors about Amber's love trysts. Now, I KNOW there's nothing I'd rather be doing.  Anyway, enough of that. She and I have reached an understanding that just because we're roommates does not mean we have to be friends. We've never been good at that anyhow. In other news, we had an amazing housewarming party. I really wish you could have been there. Molly and I didn't know 90 percent of the people there, which is a good thing because it meant they were all interesting, successful, gracious and cute. I think there were about four girls there - you could tell who planned the party. Sadly, no love connections were made that evening, but I've decided that's my new M.O. - keep 'em guessing. My friend Michael from Maui who now lives in Seattle came down with his friend Jordan who happens to be hot and writing an article for Food & Wine magazine. Very interesting guy, but potentially in the closet, so I'm keeping my distance. But they invited me up to Seattle next weekend for a five-course meal and $100 bottles of wine at some Microsoft dude's mansion. Definitely sounds like my crowd. Should I wear my dirty jeans or my clean jeans?  I've got my eye on flights to Denver, but right now it's looking like the end of March before I can scrape up that kind of cash. Amber on the other hand will be there five times before that because some psycho over there keeps buying her tickets. That's fair for ya.  Okay, that's all I can do for now, but call me tonight and we'll do the rumor mill justice. Take care and hang in there - we'll be booting a roommate soon if you feel like coming back to Portland.  Kate 503-288-6546 
 Whoo-hooo! 
 I'd like to inquire about the Dow Jones index price database currently being maintained by the Fundamentals group. It's come to my attention - by virtue of the fact that I receive the Dow Jones data each afternoon - that several people are interested in having access to those figures. I've had requests from mid-marketing, trading, and scheduling, and am working with IT to put the NP-15 and SP-15 data online. Cara Semperger, in particular, relies on the index prices in order to run one of her reports.  I'm wondering if it  would be possible to give these people access to your database, or maybe if your group would benefit from the data I receive. Your spreadsheet looks like a compilation of the documents I receive from Dow Jones, and one might be more useful for an individual or group than the other. I don't have a preference either way - I'm more than happy to compile the reports in a separate folder. Please let me know what works best for you. (I sit in the middle of the room between Tracy Ngo and Val Sabo.)  Thanks, Kate 
 Here's what I heard back from Tim. Do you want me to go ahead and save the Dow Jones data to a shareable file in the meantime?  Kate 
 I create a report each afternoon that tracks total volume done by each desk through EOL and brokered deals. I've attached last night's report for you to look over - if this looks like something you'd like to receive, let me know and I'll add you to the mailing list.  And in regard to the dow jones file, I've just finished entering deals for Friday and Saturday, so my afternoon will be devoted to creating that. I'll let you know as soon as it's done.    Thanks, Kate 
 I'm sorry - I have no idea who Christer is - I'm assuming Chris Foster? Also, we have two Bill Williams - I assume you mean the real time manager, Bill Williams III. Let me know if I'm right, and I'll be happy to add them to the mailing list.  Thanks, Kate 
 I don't see a deal number.....? Is it a missing deal? 
 The expiry should be 2003, and it's been changed. Thanks for catching that.  Kate 
 This should be 214.00 - I've changed it.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   02/22/2001 01:50 PM 
 Jeff double-checked and Deal 459985 is with PGET.  Mike is checking on the others. 
 He checked with broker - it's $132 - it's changed.  K 
 Thank you, Evelyn.  K 
 I just spoke with Nicolay, who helped me develop the EOL Report, and he said he'd check the code in both that and the Sales Volume Report to see if they are in fact pulling in different data. I'll let you know what he finds.  Kate 
 Thanks, Neil. They're on the mailing list now. And yes, it's hard to believe there are not one but TWO William Williams in our office.  Kate 
 This deal has been changed to reflect beginning of Daylight Savings Time - now has total of 95,100 MW - down from 95,200.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've started to transfer my Dow Jones e-mails into five separate folders which can be found at:  P:\Scheduling\Dow Jones - Cob\Mead\Mid-C\NP-SP\Palo  You can already access February's files for each of these delivery points, and prior months will be coming in soon as I have free moments in the day.  Thanks, Kate 
 I would like to request information and application materials for your International Studies program in Bologna. I am interested in applying for the academic year of 2002-03.  Thank you, Kate Symes 2505 NE 32nd Place Portland,OR 97212 (503) 288-6546 
 I came, I saw, I viewed.....and now I will eat. Thanks for the update, Grace!  Kate 
 I would like to request information and application materials for your advanced studies program in Bologna, Italy, as well as for Master's Degree study in international relations at Johns Hopkins University. I am interested in applying for the academic year of 2002-2003, but I'd like to gather all the necessary information as soon as possible.  Thank you,  Kate Symes 2505 NE 32nd Place Portland, OR 97212 
 We'd like to create a daily and monthly trade volume report, similar to the EOL Report we currently use to track both online and brokered trades done in the Portland office each day. The EOL JF tab seems to track the same data we need for a daily volume report; however, it does not display the data in the form we need.  Under the "Sort By" heading at the bottom of the report, there are two choices - "Deal #" and "Desk." As I run it now, the report displays megawatt volumes and total deals according to desk. We now need to display the data according to delivery point.  Please call Cara Semperger or myself when you get a moment, and we can fill you in on all the parameters she's looking for in this report. From there I think it should be a pretty simple modification of the query.  Thanks in advance for your help on this.  Kate 503-464-7486  Cara 503-464-3814 
 You're right, this was an Altra deal that was entered as Prebon. Only one deal.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   11/15/2000 02:41 PM 
 Here are details of the problem we're having with the Tagg IQ Reports:  Three Mid-Columbia futures trades were executed by Matt Motley, Long Term Southwest Desk, on 2/5, 2/6, and 2/7. Trades pulled into Tagg IQ Reports - All three pull into Future Daily Transaction Report (RSX0245F.IQR) Only two pull into Future Net Position Summary (RXSNSUMF.IQR) All three pull into Tagg Exchange Capture search - transaction IDs are 980362/983837/987050 All three pulled into Tagg Metacalc (Meta ID 77771 - Post ID 1035917 - Post ID 77880 - Post ID 1037269) until 2/9 - NOW GONE  Because today is the Nymex Electricity Futures exercise date, we need to know as soon as possible for our calculations whether or not these deals are in the system, and if not, where they went. My confusion lies in the fact that I can find these deals when I do a search in Tagg for any futures deals traded at the Mid-C settlement index, and yet the Risk group can no longer see anything for Mid-C in their calculation. Please let me know what you find.  Thank you, Kate 503-464-7486 
 Natsource is right - it's been changed to 263.00  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   02/23/2001 12:28 PM 
 Go for it! 
 All Matt Motley's deal JUST went in, so you should see those coming through.  Chris Mallory checked with Prebon - this is a sale - it's been changed.  Diana checked Bloomberg - they show 25 mw and so do we for a total of 800 mw....?? 
 I'm trying to locate Matt right now to verify - but he has two identical trades with TFS in his trade log. I'll let you know when I find out.   Stephanie Piwetz   02/23/2001 01:24 PM 
 Just heard from Matt - should only be one trade - I've killed 530557.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   02/23/2001 01:24 PM 
 Can I come at 10 a.m. please?  Thanks, Kate 
 Deal should be no confirm. It was done by Stan Cocke in Services, and those guys deal directly with their counterparty contacts. He thought he marked this no confirm, but must have defaulted to confirm anyway. I'll change deal as soon as risk is done with their calc.  Kate 
 I just spoke with Justin about collaborating on the ICE and EOL volume reports. He doesn't actually have access to ICE data right now, but has requested it from staff at the exchange. He's not sure of the exact day he might begin receiving this report, but told me it would be sometime next week. I'll let you know when I find out.  Also, do you want this report simply added to the end of the EOL Summary, or would you like the information integrated into the tables that show our volumes? Let me know when you have a moment.  Thanks, Kate 
 I must know why your roommates are so scary! Mine - well, that's just obvious. Oh, and since we last e-mailed, Molly has gone out and landed herself a full-fledged boyfriend. Anything to avoid getting a job. He's a "natural healer" and he's also had "an experience with Jesus," so this one should be REALLY interesting. Amber and I had a few drinks last night and basically pretended like nothing happened - it's easier that way. We both know there's no real friendship to salvage, so keeping it strictly in the bars is the smartest thing to do. And Anna, don't think for a minute that my description of life in Portland is exciting or cultured or romantic, cause it's pretty much the polar opposite of all those things. I've been so tired this week that I've been spouting out sentences like "The red computer needs to climb my shoelaces and the people riding the dinosaurs are wrong." It's definitely been interesting. I'm on my way to sushi with a few people right now, but of course I can see my reflection in my forehead and my hair looks like a sad, sad, small animal. Super! Maybe I'll meet the man of my dreams. I'll tell you, Anna - I know you've got scary clashing dresser man, but sometimes from the single person's point of view, that doesn't look so bad. Hang in there - and call me soon!  Love, Kate 503-288-6546 
 The delivery point was changed and the energy wasn't. It is CAISO energy.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thanks for the reminder - deal is changed and note is in comments section.  Kate 
 It's been changed - thanks for catching that.  Kate 
 Did you ever receive this signed confirm letter?  Kate 
 She doesn't have the signed confirm back yet. Sharen asked me about it a few weeks ago, and Holli told me she'd send it to the confirms group as soon as she got it. She's talking to her contact there right now to find out what's going on. I guess she's getting a little fed up of beating around the bush with these guys - so hopefully she'll get some concrete answers from them today. I'll let you know whatever we find out this afternoon.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   02/26/2001 01:32 PM 
 Broker is correct - it's been changed.  Kate 
 You're right - thanks for checking up on us. This deal was actually done this morning before Credit came out with the updated watchlist. He checked with Tracy Ngo, our credit person, on the deal and she's aware of and okay with it. I guess Bob snuck one in there!  Thanks, kate 
 Done.  Kate 
 No problem. It occured to me, as the list of people I'm sending this to continues to grow, that maybe I should fine tune the format a little. If you guys have any suggestions about the layout of the spreadsheet, please let me know.  Thanks, Kate    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Just something to keep in mind - The confirms group in Houston is waiting on signed confirm letters from Grant County for the following three deals -  432854 420554 420563  I've let Stephanie Piwetz and Sharen Cason know that you'll forward the letters on to them once you receive them. Or you can give them to me and I'll fax them over. Keep me posted on the progress.  Thanks, Kate 
 It was under wrong broker - 531847 has been changed to reflect Prebon as broker.  Thanks, Kate 
 Mike Driscoll went in and changed this deal to match 458405. It should be correct now.  Thanks, Kate 
 Deal had no broker - 531846 has been changed to reflect APB as broker.  Thanks, Kate 
 So I watched the news last night and discovered to my utter dismay that the whole damn city of Seattle began rioting over my pointed absence this weekend. Some people just don't know how to control those emotions, I guess.  How was dinner, anyway? I was actually hoping to come, but I seem to have misplaced Michael's phone number and so had no way of contacting you guys. Also, I wasn't quite confident in my ability to find your house through "alternative" methods such as hanging out at the train station or wandering through Microsoft millionaire-type neighborhoods. And to top it all off, I lost my voice Friday night - for no apparent reason other than the usual deficit of sleep and surplus of cigarettes - and wouldn't you know it would have to turn into a full blown cold by this morning.  As can be expected, we're experiencing the most insanely gorgeous weather I've seen in all my Februarys in Portland, which is making my acceptance of actually being sick even more difficult. Whatever happened with your fever? I'd feel much better if I knew others were sharing my pain. In fact, I promptly gave my cold to Amber on Saturday, so I'd have a partner in my time of homebound misery. She took it a step further, in true drama queen fashion. Case in point - I'm at work, she's rounding out her 39th consecutive hour in bed.  Anyway, I'm going to skip out of here a whopping half an hour EARLY today because people are starting to look visibly pained when I try to talk. But I thought I'd check on the success of the dinner party and apologize for not making it. And if you get a chance, tell Michael that I have a very legitimate reason for losing his phone number. Or at least, I'll have one by the time he calls.  Kate 
 The Confirms group in Houston has asked me to obtain a copy of the confirmation letter you come up with for this deal. This group is responsible for keeping records of all confirmation letters, whether or not they execute them. So this includes term deals that are marked "no confirm." Please let me know if this is okay with you.  Thanks, Kate 
 I just forwarded this e-mail to Stan and then spoke with him about the confirm on this deal. He said he's never received a letter of confirmation on these Valley Electric deals - they just verbally confirm them. I've given him your name, and he should be contacting you shortly to discuss how to proceed on this. Please let me know how I can help.  Thanks, Kate 
 This deal was constructed by Holli Krebs in mid-marketing - she just put it under Bob's desk and trader i.d. She should be in the office shortly, and I'll have her look over the changes made to the deal. I'll get back to you soon.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   02/27/2001 06:34 AM 
 The NYMEX calendar shows that West Option expire on 9/24 - Prebon may be looking at the Futures expiry date. But it should be 9/24.  Kate 
 Prebon is right - this has been changed to 205.50.  Kate 
 I'm not finding anything in Enpower that matches that deal number. Is it something else? 
 The counterparty name saga continues.... 
 Thanks - I've changed it. With deals like those, it's fine if you need to change the counterparty name in the interest of time or efficiency. Could just send me a quick e-mail, and copy Bill Williams III (real time manager), when you change deals under the Short Term West Hourly desk? That way we can both keep on top of common mistakes. And if it's at all possible for you to wait on making those changes until you've e-mailed me, that would be great. If I don't respond right away - if I'm out of the office or at lunch - then feel free to change away!  Thanks, Kate 
 This is the last e-mail I received from Laura. Looks like she forgot the attachment the first time. 
 Disregard my other reply - I don't know what I was thinking. Prebon was right on this. Both deals were 50 MW (not 25 MW like I said earlier!), and they were changed accordingly.  Sorry about the confusion.  Kate 
 Did you want this deal confirmed? If so, it needs a counterparty contact name in it. Let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 The third deal - 531910 - I'm checking on with Les right now. Sharen Cason asked me this morning who the contact was, and typically with services deals the traders like to confirm the deals themselves - so I'm not sure if it should be confirmed.  The other two contain contact names - are they not valid in GCP? Do you need new names and phone numbers or just numbers to go along with those names?  Kate 
 530608 - CDWR - Bob Floyd @ (916) 574-2768 531786 - Metro Water of SoCal - Jim Danielson @ (213) 217-6673  This should be the contact information in GCP. If it's not in there, let me know and I'll have it added.  Thanks, Kate 
 New Energy Secretary Guesses He Ought To Read Up On Energy  WASHINGTON, DC-- Spencer Abraham, the newly installed U.S. Energy Secretary, admitted Monday that he probably ought to read up on energy. "I know energy is really important, and that there was a big crisis back in the '70s, but other than that, I'm in the dark," Abraham said. "I was hoping to be appointed Secretary of Transportation, which I know a lot more about, but that one was already taken." The former Michigan senator said he plans to go to the library Thursday to look up "Energy" in The World Book Encyclopedia. 
 I just spoke with Justin Rostant, who reported that ICE will begin sending him data tomorrow morning. So you can expect the ICE volumes to be included on tomorrow's EOL report. Let me know if you have any other specifications for the report.  Thanks, Kate 
 I'm so sorry, gals, but I feel awful and I'm going home to nurse myself to health. If you could direct your e-mails for the remainder of the day to the respective traders, I would really appreciate it. And if anything can wait until tomorrow, just e-mail it to me and I'll take care of it in the morning. I'm going to sleep for the next 15 hours and see if that rids me of this cold once and for all!  Thanks, Kate cell phone (503) 819-2181 
 I'm feeling pretty under the weather today, so I'm going to sneak out of here early - but I haven't yet received the Dow Jones data for today. Instead, I'm sending yesterday's information. If you need today as well, let me know and I'll send it first thing in the morning.    Thanks, Kate 
 I've added the contact name of Alicia Izarraraz.  Thanks, Kate 
 Here they are, just in case....  Kate 
 Looks like Mike Driscoll's Deal Blotter defaults were wrong - this has been changed to firm energy.  Kate 
 Sorry for the delay in getting back to you. I'm still learning and it seems every few minutes we face another computer program meltdown. Following are the changes for these deals.  459985 PGET  459788 Salt River couldn't take the deal, according to Mike Swerzbin, so we had to go with Williams.  459789 Changed to PSCO  460001 Prebon is broker  460002 Term is Q1-01  458618 SCEM 25 MW of Mid-C Off Peak for Dec. @ $100 This deal was entered yesterday, according to Mike Swerzbin.  Thanks for your patience, Kate 
 same as 532917 
 This was changed last night to SP-15, but Jeff forgot to change the index. It's been changed to DJ SP-15 Peak Index.  Kate 
 Sharen had already alerted me to the first deal, which I changed, but not the second. That deal has been changed as well now.  Thanks, Kate 
 Sharen told me this morning that you guys were waiting on a deal Stewart Rosman did with Port of Oakland yesterday and wanted confirmed today. I've spoken with a few people here and discerned that the deal wasn't in because the counterparty wasn't in the system yet. I took a look and found that Port of Oakland had been added, and entered the deal according to the terms Stewart sent out in an e-mail yesterday. Deal number is 533916. Thanks for waiting.  Kate 
 Reminder.... 
 I guess TFS originally had Palo on their confirm - which was wrong - then the deal got changed to Mid-C. So Enpower is right, and Mike just let his broker know to change the delivery point on the confirm.  Thanks, Kate 
 Done. 
 Tim - would you like a copy of this deal's confirmation letter?  Carla - you entered this deal on 2/23/01. Should it be back-dated to match trade date on confirmation letter?  Thanks, Kate 
 Yeah, Seattle actually had a 7.0 earthquake at about 11a.m. our time. I made it out from under our building with only a broken leg and shattered.....no just kidding. What's funny is that I was on my way to lunch when the earthquake hit Portland, and for whatever reason - my conspicuous absentmindedness or the cold medicine I'm high on - I didn't feel a thing. I walked out into the streets of downtown to ambulances screaming all around and ladies freaking out and running out of buildings. I went to the little soup stand I always go to, and the soup guy asked if I had felt the earthquake, and I said, you know it's funny but I DIDN'T. And he said, well that IS funny because I didn't either. But I think we're the only two who didn't notice it. Weird, huh!  Thanks for checking though.  Kate 
 I'd like to talk to you about the details of my offer letter if you have a chance today. I'll stop by your desk in just a bit.  Thanks, Kate 
 Here are a few examples of the summary I send out each afternoon. I've sent four as attached documents and one just pasted into the e-mail. Use whichever works best for you, and let me know if you need more.      Thanks, Kate 
 no problem! 
 Broker is right - deal has been changed to 230 
 Tom Alonso - deal entered wrong - 534494 is corrected to show sale now. 
 Chris just checked with broker - they have it wrong - should be NP-15. 
 Verified with Diana and Sean - these should be APB.  and the Williams deal should be resolved - deal # is 534497 
 Sure - no problem. 
 Yes - it's a Puget deal. I'm trying to contact Sean right now to see if he and Diana overlapped on these deals. I only see them written once in his trade log, but I'm auditing the second two to find out who entered them. 
 Sean and Diana just returned - found out they had doubled up on those puget deals - i'm killing 534496 and 534497 right now. 
 sorry - confusion - tom alonso had the williams deal with APB down as a purchase, but he's changing it to a sale just in the interest of checking out now. Deal # is 534492 
 Sorry Sharon. I just entered this deal for Matt Motley, and my deal entry defaults to all days. This is a peak deal and should only flow Monday through Saturday, hours 7-22. It's been changed to reflect that.  Thanks, Kate 
 534492 has been changed back to buy from williams through APB 
 I'm sorry - I have record of sending those volumes on Monday. I was out sick yesterday. I'll be sending them in just one moment.  Kate 
 Option terms are not reflected in the system. Trade date has been changed to 2/22 - reflects trade date in CDWR confirmation letter. I've left a copy of the confirm letter on your desk just in case. Let me know if you have questions.  Kate 
 Sorry for the delay - 
 I'm sorry, but your superior and omnipotent ruler, Bill, has asked that I copy all of his mignons on this e-mail. So I really don't care whether or not you care. Print it out and line your birdcage.  K 
 wait - i thought you weren't going to go there on corporate e-mail. where did this sudden attack come from? that's low - especially considering i'm deathly ill but still slaving away at work to band-aid the mistakes you guys spend all day making. and you are sadly mistaken in the rumors you've heard - i've never endeavored upon anything with anyone. my birdcage, if i had one, would be lined with your e-mails.  K 
 Beginning tomorrow this report will contain Inter-Continental Exchange (ICE) trade numbers and volumes, in addition to EOL and brokered deal information. Please look for that information at the beginning of the e-mail. Also note that the ICE data is released one day later, so it will not correlate directly to the EOL data below it. (i.e. Daily EOL Summary 3/1 will include ICE data from 2/28) Enjoy... 
 Diana stepped out of the office for a minute, but I left the e-mail printout on her desk and I'll talk to her about it when she gets in.  Kate 
 Diana just told me that these deals are NOT supposed to be confirmed. She's taking care of that. Let me know if you need copies of the letters or if you'd like to speak to Diana directly.  Kate 
 This has been changed. 
 I've put a call in to Mike Driscoll to see which deal is correct. He "fixed" them yesterday, but frankly I have no idea what he really did, as they still look completely different. As soon as I confirm with him, I'll change the deals and let you know.  Thanks, Kate 
 do you mean you changed it to PPT - it looks like that's what's in there already... 
 It looks like your Deal Blotter settings may be defaulting to PST time zone. But these April deals need to flow during the PDT time zone. Could you check your settings and make sure the time zone defaults to PPT (that way the strips will choose PST or PDT accordingly)?  Two additional deals were changed to the correct time zone: 534074 534072 534071 534053  Thanks, Kate 
 Will you be sending confirm letters on these Modesto deals, or just verbally confirming them? Could you let Sharen or myself know so we can get something on record with the Confirms group in Houston?  Thanks, Kate 
 I've forwarded this e-mail onto Diana and asked her to let you or me know what the status is on these confirm letters. We'll be in touch.  Kate 
 Tom said he spoke with his broker at APB and someone in Houston this morning - this was a good deal and he entered it. I'm doing a search right now for the deal number. Do you need that? 
 Deal number is 535228. 
 done. 
 Food for thought.... 
 should be Prebon - i'm changing it now 
 535144 - Enron sells to Duke - in system incorrectly as APB but has been changed.  And Chris is just finishing deal entry now - he has the mirant sale with Prebon. 
 It is with Natsource - part of a sleeve that Mike forgot to write down.  Thanks, Kate 
 Can you forward this information along to Kimberly in the Confirms group? Thanks so much.  Kate 
 Bob's out of the office now, but I'll check with him in the morning. This very well could be the correct delivery point, but thanks for checking. I'll get back to you.  Kate 
 Thanks for setting that up, Cara. I'll begin plugging the numbers directly in there.  Kate 
 ICE VOLUMES  Delivery Pt.  Mid-C  NP-15  Palo  Palo  Palo  SP-15  SP-15 Energy Type  Firm On Peak Firm On Peak Firm On Peak Firm On Peak Firm On Peak Firm On Peak Firm On Peak Term   Apr-01  Q3-01  Next Day Apr-01  May-01  Next Day Apr-01 Avg. Price  297.50  295.00  242.50  242.50  255.00  244.00  240.00 Total Volume   10,000 MWhs 30.400 MWhs 1.600 MWhs 30,000 MWhs 10.400 MWhs 1,600 MWhs 10,000 MWhs 
 Dennis's phone number is (602) 728-3156. 
 These have been changed to Firm energy.  Kate 
 Has Chris sent you a list, or do you still need one? (I sit facing these guys, so it would only take me a second to come up with one.)  Kate 
 When you guys do loss return deals like this one with PGE, could you include a note in the comments section regarding the zero price and "no confirm" status? The Confirms group in Houston has requested some kind of comment in these deals so they don't try to track down a price or confirm the deal.  Thanks, Kate 
 Would you let me know when you might have a minute today, or sometime this week, to go over the EES spreadsheet with me? I want to understand how the Real Time group uses this data so I can depict it more accurately and avoid making errors.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thanks! 
 This has been changed. 
 Please note slight changes in volumes at SP-15 on 2/5 and 2/22. Cuts were made to generation on these days, and deals were changed in EnPower, but this spreadsheet was not updated. Sorry for the delay....  Kate 
 Spreadsheet has been updated and sent to Neil Bresnan, Daniel Kang, and Jubran Whalan at EES. Thanks for your help on this.  Kate 
 Energy type is Firm in EnPower - is this correct? Counterparty seems to disagree. Please let me know when you get a chance.  Kate 
 I've forwarded both these e-mails to Tom. He's in a trading meeting right now, but we'll clear up the energy type when he gets out.  Kate 
 This deal also has firm energy while the counterparty says non-firm....? 
 Tom says this deal was firm energy, but it is transmission contingent. When Tom did the deal with FPL, he said he wouldn't buy it unless the energy was firm. The power has already been delivered, however, so Tom said it shouldn't matter what kind of energy the confirm has, so for the sake of getting it done, he said just to agree with what they have in their confirmation. Does that make any sense? And the same goes for deal 516506.  He is still disputing the price (where Enron shows $90 and FPL shows $95 in deal 517520), and he's expecting a call back from Jeff Wallace on that.  Thanks, Kate 
 All of these have been changed to CAISO energy and respective traders have been notified.  Thanks, Kate 
 All deals with NP-15 or SP-15 delivery points should use CAISO energy.  Thanks, Kate 
 Yes, deal should have zero volume. Looks like Jeremy just didn't have time to kill it so he zeroed it out. I'll kill it, but in the meantime, it's not a real deal and doesn't need to be confirmed.  Thanks, Kate 
 I take that back - the deal contains liquidated strips and cannot be killed - that's why it's zeroed out. 
 Jeff knows he has several deals off right now. He's fixing them as we e-mail. 
 waiting for Mike to come back from off-site meeting - out of curiosity, 537949 is a light load deal - is that it? 
 left message with sean - he's in offsite meeting right now - his trade log says simply balance of the month deal. 
 537948 & 537949  Also, Mike says 537948 should definitely be ON PEAK. 
 Just heard from Sean - says it should be 3/7/01 through 3/31/01. 
 Please note:  Dow Jones and fixed price sales will now be depicted as positive numbers; positive variance indicates EES long position; negative variance indicates EES short position. Call me with questions.  Kate Symes 503-464-7486 
 ICE VOLUMES   Energy  Firm Load Peak  Firm Load Peak  Firm Load Peak  Firm Load Peak Delivery Pt. Mid-C   Palo Verde  SP-15   COB Term  Apr-01   Apr-01   Next Day  Apr-01 Avg. Price 303.00   257.00   340.00   310.00 Total MW 10,000 MWhs  10,000 MWhs  1,200 MWhs  10,000 MWhs 
 I've got one more deal that Houston says they haven't received a signed confirm letter for - 420529. Stephanie Piwetz says she spoke to Grant County and they said they already sent out that one and 432854, but haven't received them back from us......???? Do you know where they are?  Kate   (From 2/26/01) Just something to keep in mind - The confirms group in Houston is waiting on signed confirm letters from Grant County for the following three deals -  432854 420554 420563  I've let Stephanie Piwetz and Sharen Cason know that you'll forward the letters on to them once you receive them. Or you can give them to me and I'll fax them over. Keep me posted on the progress.  Thanks, Kate 
 Please note:  Prices were not updated in last night's spreadsheet. Correct prices are in 3/6 worksheet now. Also, per Daniel Kang, EES load is shown in negative numbers, Dow Jones and fixed price sales are shown in positive numbers. Please call with questions.  Thanks, Kate Symes 503-464-7486 
 Have you received any of these - I had notified Holli of four total missing confirm letters.  Kate 
 Done. 
 Thanks for checking. I entered this deal today and am still getting used to all the different variations of company names. You're right - it's El Paso Merchant.  Thanks, Kate 
 Mike said to just enter a new deal with these terms - deal is 539032, and I've backdated the trade date to 3/1. He's going to double-check the EES spreadsheet to make sure he didn't miss something. In the meantime, the deal is in there now.  Thanks, Kate 
 What's the correct delivery point on this deal - sell PGE, mar-01 through dec-01, on peak, 50 mw, DJ Mid-C index (trade date 2/12)?  Kate 
 Deal details....  420529    432854    420554    420563 LTNW buys Grant Cty  LTNW sells Grant Cty  LTNW buys Grant Cty  LTNW sells Grant Cty N-01    K01-M01 & K06-M06  N-06    7/20/05 RTC    RTC    RTC    HE 1 50 MW    50 MW    50 MW    1 MW MID-C    MID-C    MID-C    MID-C zero price   zero price   zero price   annuity price - 470,000 (annuity leg - price 570,000) 
 I've forwarded this onto Diana - she's out to lunch right now. I'll let you know when I hear what the correct delivery point is.  Kate 
 Update - 
 Thanks for the explanation, Diana!  Kate 
 Re: Deal discrepancies for the month of February. Following are the problems that have been brought to my attention and the solutions we've reached. Please call me with questions.  This spreadsheet includes a missing purchase for total of 55 mw @ 195.00 on 2/25. Sorry for the confusion - per Bill Williams III.   This spreadsheet includes modified volumes in the fixed price sale at ZP-26 on 2/6.    In addition, deal 525625.2 has been corrected in scheduling (there was one strip duplicating HE 8) and autoscheduled.  Deal 529314.1 has also been autoscheduled, which should remedy the discrepancy on 2/24, HE 7-17. Please let me know if the new CARP report does not reflect this.  Thanks, Kate Symes 503-464-7486 
 Voila! Have fun.... 
 Evelyn, I'm so sorry I haven't found these deals yet! I've left messages with Mike Swerzbin and Matt Motley, but I don't see these trades in either of their logs - or even in the short term trade logs. One of those guys should be back in the office momentarily, and I'll let you know when I've talked to them.  Kate 
 ICE VOLUMES  Delivery Pt.  Mid-C  Palo  Palo  Palo  Palo  SP-15 Term   Apr-01  Apr-01  May-01  Q2-01  Q4-02  Bal Month Avg. Price  288.00  252.00  275.00  285.00  100.00  246.00 Total MW  10,000   20,000  10,400  30,800  30,800  8,400 
 Prebon is sending a new confirmation with Constellation as the counterparty. Broker mistake.   Stephanie Piwetz   11/16/2000 01:00 PM 
 Mike just got back to me on this - these are good deals that he forgot to write down. I'm entering them right now, and I'll let you know the deal numbers in a second.  Kate 
 539859 - buy PGET 539861 - sell EES 
 It's been changed - sorry. 
 I will be attending an Energy Math training session today from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. PST. Please direct all correspondence to traders whose deals are in question. I'm sorry for the inconvenience - but hopefully I'll be smarter when I come back!  I'll check in and wrap things up at 5:00, so if you have any questions you'd like to save for me, I'll be at my desk then.  Thanks, Kate 
 I'm having Diana look into it - I'll let you know.  Kate 
 She changed it to price 360.00  Thanks, Kate 
 I know - it's amazing that in this age of technological wizardry we are forced to resort to some of the cheesiest hijinks known to man. Of course, if I was one of those technological wizards, I'd just come up with my own e-mail birthday greeting, and it would KICK ASS! Anyway, just to take even more of the fun out of your birthday, I thought I'd just go ahead and let you know what I'm getting you: money. Of course. I'm actually paying you back the $200 I still owe you, and kicking in an extra $50. How's that sound? It should reach you by next Thursday (when I get paid), so you can plan you're life around it's arrival accordingly. Would it be easier for you to cash a check or a money order? I think cash in the mail is a little too risky. I can also use that money to buy you something, get you a Safeway gift certificate, c.d.'s, etc., if you'd rather. Let me know what you're preference is - this bank is willing to work with any customer requests. Hope your birthday rocks. I'm sorry I couldn't be there to celebrate (read: get insanely inebriated) with you, and that I couldn't contribute to the birthday fund sooner.  Love, Kate 
 They've been added - thanks for reminding me.  Kate 
 I'm sorry - I haven't been keeping up with the Dow Jones data storage. I can put the data in the sheet - I just need to take a look at how you've set it up and determine what I should be entering where. I'm running to grab some lunch right now, but when I get back let's talk about how to compare the Dow Jones volumes with our daily volumes. I can either send you my data sheet each afternoon, or add a Dow Jones volume table to the sheet myself - however you'd like. We'll talk.  Kate 
 Yes - I've added it. 
 Have fun with these! 
 Okay, I don't know where Jeff's head was today, but he just checked with Prebon and found he had done this deal without even knowing it! So he entered it - Deal #461171.  Thanks a lot for your patience, Stephanie.   Stephanie Piwetz   11/16/2000 02:32 PM 
 Following are the deals we've changed -  536574 - from Firm to Caiso energy 537885/886/888/889/890 - from Yes to No confirm  And I'm looking into the status of the price on 538874. I'll let you know.  Thanks, Kate 
 Mike still has about 6 deals to put in, and those are two of them. It should just be a minute.  I'm killing a deal right now so my deal entry is tied up - who's the trader on 541368? 
 I'm killing deal 539968 at Sharon Cason's request - it was previously killed and she needed me to reinstate it so she could sort out the confirm. Then I had to re-kill it. 
 broker is right - this is changed to DYPMI 
 broker is right - changed to Coral 
 541226 - changed to APB 
 Amerex Sean just entered this deal - he says it's with Transalta, not TranCanada. Mark's deal should have been APB - it's changed.  Prebon Mike missed this deal - I just entered it - 541616 
 Melissa Murphy would like us to begin adding a note in the comments section of all the deals we change. I know most of you already do this when you make big changes to deals, but she'd like to see more comments more often. Of course this mostly applies to me, but I thought I'd pass it along just in case. See the attached e-mail, and let me know if you have questions.  Thanks, Kate 
 Fran - It looks like you either made changes or added legs to this deal today. Do they need to reconfirm this? Please let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 This was just a practice deal entered by Phil yesterday to test our new version of deal entry. He zeroed out the volume, but neglected to kill the deal or at least change it to no confirm. So this is NOT a good deal - I'm killing it now.  Thanks, Kate 
 Tom Alonso's deal has been entered - Deal #461177 
 Testing was done in the test database; however, once they released the new version of deal entry into production, they tested one more time to make sure that the new fields were pulling into our scheduling reports. It was a precautionary measure taken so that we wouldn't enter deals all day long only to find out that they wouldn't show up in the Enpower to CAPS report at the end of the day. Sorry for the confusion.  Kate 
 It looks like only leg 4 had firm energy - I changed that to CAISO. Legs 2 and 3 already had CAISO energy, and leg 1 is killed. Is that okay?  Kate 
 okay - cool. 
 Questions about this deal -  1. Should energy type be CAISO? 2. Should trade date be 3/7? 3. Should confirmation status be "NO"?  I believe the answer to all of these is yes, but I wanted to check before changing anything. The confirms group is getting extra sensitive about deals marked for confirmation, since they are now confirming all daily deals. Just a reminder to double-check your default settings and your deals for the confirmation status.  Thanks, Kate 
 I'm losing my mind. Did I already forward this note to you? Do you still need the confirmation information? I can print out whatever they have stored in Livelink, or you can contact Stephanie - it looks like she has what you were searching for.  Thanks, Kate 
 are they sweets of any kind? 
 you're kidding! that's ludicrous! what exactly is there? 
 I just spoke with Kim Hundl in the Confirms group. She's been told by PGE that they do not want confirmation letters sent for daily deals. Apparently there are a bunch of these in the system under your desk that are noted to be confirmed. The confirms group can change all of these deals to "no confirm," but they wanted to double-check with you guys first. Do you agree with PGE, or would you like these deals confirmed? Let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 ludicrous = amusing or laughable through obvious absurdity, incongruity, exaggeration, or eccentricity  what is lexic?  and, oh my god, is it andy's birthday today? 
 To re-cap: I will talk to Will Smith in Houston IT about adding a function in Deal Blotter to choose confirm or no confirm. In the meantime, Houston Confirms group would greatly appreciate us changing these deals to no confirm. They will assume that all daily deals done with PGE are no confirm, but the deals will still show up on their report (and cause confirm group crankiness) if they are marked to be confirmed. Thanks for your help.  Kate 
 Re: missing APB deal  tom a buying koch 20-30 25 mw 114.00 palo on peak  Tom Alonso just returned my call and verified that he had entered the deal. Jeff Richter had entered it, thinking it wasn't in the system, so I'm now killing his deal. The correct deal number is 461133.  Thanks a lot. 
 Mark's missing deal - 542424 - in at 50 mw. Mark said Pinnacle and he both know the deal as 50 mw - Prebon mistake.  K 
 what was the trade date on this? 
 this deal is contingent on credit - he'll let me know later today whether or not it's a good trade.  thanks, Kate 
 This deal is in under Short Term California, not Long Term Northwest, and the trader is Phil Platter, not Mike Swerzbin, and there is no broker. Are you sure this is the deal in question?  Kate 
 Mike negotiated no broker fee on this - he just spoke to his broker and asked to have them stop asking for that.  Thanks, Kate  P.S. I know the feeling about needing a vacation - sooner rather than later! Hang in there! 
 This should be Amerex - Diana is changing it now. 
 in with wrong broker - changed 547680 and 547681 to APB 
 Prebon Mark Fischer Changed 547680/681 to APB  Chris Mallory 547716  Amerex Mark Fischer Killed 547637  Diana Scholtes Says 547287 is definitely only 25 mw 
 We think the broker's right - can't read Mark's handwriting - but I can't change the price until they're done with the calc - about 20 min. I'll let you know.  Kate 
 price has been changed to 207.50. 
 Bloomberg shows correctly. Computer defaulted to all days in Deal Blotter. I'll change this as soon as Risk is done calcing - about 1 hour.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   11/16/2000 03:18 PM 
 I'm curious to know how my lack of recent correspondence translates to a neglect of my brainpower. If I didn't know better, I'd say that was a purely conceited statement. But, of course, being the buff brain-builder that I am, I know it's not.  So how are things "down" there in Seattle? I've been meaning to check in with you and Michael to make sure you didn't lose any limbs in the big Quake of '01. By the sounds of it you've been left with at least your digits and a little imagination, which isn't half bad compared to the poor capitol building in Olympia, whose crumbling edifice has turned into another of those perfunctory "news" stories begging the question, "Just how much will I ever care?" Last evening's t.v. news actually had the bad sense to show footage of city construction workers picking their noses atop the dome while a coiffed blonde anchorwoman alerted viewers to the "urgency of the building's reconstruction" due to its "inability to be inhabited until 2003." Is it just me, or do t.v. newspeople seem to act stupid on purpose?  Speaking of stupid, what exactly is walpurgis night? And the Pogues? I realize I'm showing my lack of culture here, but curiosity always overtakes my elegant facade sooner or later. Speaking of elegant, we're having another party! And Amber might actually show up for this one, being that it's purpose is to celebrate her birthday. First weekend in April, April 7 to be exact, we'll be the proud hostesses of a 25th birthday/costume party. I'd love for you and Michael to grace us with your presence, but it sounds like you'll be halfway across the globe by then. If plans change, and for your sake I certainly hope they don't, give us a call or just drop in on the 7th.  I've got to run - there are energy crises to be mitigated, you know. But drop me a message before you take off for wine country. And watch out for falling pieces of crumbling buildings.  Kate 
 Did you already settle this with Les? It looks like the deal is only flowing M-S, on peak hours. Let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 Bob - Val was looking into this deal, but now that she's gone I wonder if you could help me with it. It's a swap that was done on 10/18/99 between LTWM and EES. It's an off-peak deal for 0.2 mw at a price of $23.00 and settlement index of PX SP-15. There are five legs that each run for one year - Cal'05 through Cal'09.  I understand you've been working on making the switch from PX to Dow Jones indices. Do you know anything about this deal and whether or not its index needs to be changed? Please let Melissa or me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 Yes, that's fine if you bring the discrepancies by later. Or I can swing by your desk to get them. I think I know why Mark is confused about the price. At the beginning of this month we started running into situations where we had to purchase from EES in addition to selling to them - which is all we had been doing to cover their load before. We determined, however, that when EPMI buys from EES, the price should be $5 less than our fixed price average for the day. (When EPMI sells to EES, the price is $5 more than the fixed price average.) In this way, we're still making our profit from the coverage of their load. Either the correct price is not reflected in the spreadsheet we sent them, or we purchased at the wrong price - we were working the kinks out right at the beginning of March, so it makes sense that they'd have questions regarding that time frame.  Also, I've already talked with Daniel Kang at EES to work out some discrepancies with him. He asked about volumes at the beginning of March, but didn't seem to have a question about price, so I'm wondering if everyone over there is communicating with each other. Please let me know what I can do to resolve this - and feel free to send Mark my way when he has questions.  Kate 
 Mary Hain said she would get the paperwork going on this master agreement. Either Mary or I will be in touch to let you know when this is in place.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've been keeping track of this with Tracy Ngo, our credit gal, and the last thing I heard on it this morning was that it's still pending credit. Tracy is in a meeting right now, but I'll grab her as soon as she gets out (she sits next to me) and find out what the status is. Unfortunately, Tracy said when a deal is "pending credit approval" it's a little vague as to when the decision will be made. Mike Swerzbin told her last night that he wasn't concerned about whether or not the deal was approved, so without the trader on credit's case, I think sometimes deals get lost in the shuffle. But I'll keep on top of it and let you know this afternoon.  Thanks, Kate 
 Done.  K 
 Tracy just told me this counterparty (PPL Montana) is still pending credit. Mike Swerzbin said he would prefer to wait this out, because he stands to make money on the deal. So in the meantime, I've been told by credit that we can't enter the deal in the system and calc it. I'm not sure how this works in your case with the Prebon check-out, but basically it's a pending credit deal that will potentially show up in our system once EPMI and PPL Montana reach an agreement. Does that help? Let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 Prebon Sean Crandall 549048 - changed to NP  Diana Scholtes Prebon broker said our price (215) and del. point (Cob) are right  Jeff Richter 549013 - changed to APB  549010 - enron buys BP/Apr01/NP/peak/207.00 (in with Amerex - should it be Prebon?)  Chris Mallory - just entered Williams deal 
 chris - just finished entering deals  jeff - 549013 - changed to APB from Prebon  548756 - changed to 82.52 
 Just confirmed with Mike. Broker is correct - 25 MW. I'll change this deal when Risk is done with their calculation.  Thanks, Kate 
 Natsource is going to have to give you a trader name on this because I've asked all of them and nobody recognizes it.  Kate 
 This deal was done on the Intercontinental Exchange (ICE). Jeff thought it was the same thing as Dynegy Direct. I've changed it to ICE as broker, but I'm wondering if these are different brokers, or why Jeff would have thought they were the same....???  Kate 
 Sorry - Sean just changed this deal from Mid-C to NP-15. I've changed the energy to CAISO.  Thanks, Kate 
 Then I guess we can safely say that Jeff is in la-la land.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thank you! I was so baffled for a minute there - when I said "April option" every trader just looked at me like I was crazy!  Kate 
 It's been changed to Prebon.  Kate 
 549052 - del. point is already in as Mid-C, so just the price is wrong? 
 Sean Crandall said the price on this is correct (241), but he thought the deal was supposed to run through the end of the month. He was just walking into a meeting with Tim Belden while I was trying to figure this out with him, and he asked that I not change anything until he gets out and can look at it more closely. A price of $141 is awfully low for a peak deal flowing at Mid-C tomorrow - actually lower than the off-peak prices - so it sounds a little suspicious. I'll let you know when he gets out of the meeting.  Thanks, Kate 
 Okay, that makes more sense. I've left a big note on Sean's desk and I'm watching the door of the meeting for him to come out.  Kate 
 We've changed this to a BOM deal (term 3/15 to 3/31), but Sean still recognizes this as an on-peak deal with a price of 241.00. Let me know if Prebon still disputes.  Thanks, Kate 
 This has been changed. 
 Note to Real Time desk: EES sent over revised volumes for delivery at SP-15 after I sent the spreadsheet out today. Please disregard the variance volumes for that delivery point. Instead, make a note of the new volumes, shown in red under the heading "EPMI Length" directly to the right of the "Var" column. Contact your fearless leader, Bill Williams III, with questions, comments, and concerns.  Kate    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Dearest Anna, my most favorite sister of them all!  I'm sorry I've been so bad about staying in touch while you've been stuck in those Rocky Mountain highs and lows of life. It sounds like things are going really well though (Rocky Mountain "highs") and that you've made it through most of the tumult of moving to a new place (Rocky Mountain "lows"). Amber tells me every time she talks to Marky, her man of the hour, he mentions how they've got to get together with you when she comes to town - which will be on next Friday, whoo hoo, party! I'm so mad that she gets to go and I don't, being that I am not, like her, in my eighth year of college and therefore do not enjoy such things as "Spring Break Mania" anymore. And Monica tells Marky who tells Amber who tells me that she'd love to hang out with you more often. It sounds like you guys had a ball at dinner, eh? So you've got options, girlfriend, which is worlds more than I can say for my life at the mo'. It pretty much consists of working, eating, and sleeping. I'm definitely looking into that SAD mental disorder thing, because I think it's got me in its clutches. But the recent abundance of sunshine has brought me enough renewed energy to start thinking about life after winter. We're doing lots of gardening, cooking, and decorating at the house - it's like having three Martha Stewarts all working together, only slightly less stylish , immensely less efficient, and drunk. Other than that, I've been trying to organize and simplify my life - taking care of mounds of paperwork, paying off debts, sorting out all those nagging little post-it notes that plague me constantly and demand my attention in vain. I'm actually starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel, like maybe I could buy a car or take a trip in a few months, or even buy a SECOND pair of shoes, but let's not get wild and crazy just yet. So I heard Dad and Laura are on their way to your neck of the woods with an automobile. That is, in the immortal words of the guys in "Dude, where's my car?", SWEET... DUDE! You are stoked. I bet that's a major load off - just make sure to keep your finances in check and not get in over your head. Take it from one who knows. I'm seriously looking into buying an old beater car; but then I start fantasizing about the Audi A4 Quattro, and suddenly $30,000 doesn't seem like a bad price for becoming ultimately cool. Lately I've been doing a lot of research into self-improvement measures. I just applied for post-baccalaureate status at U of O, so I can start taking economics and poli sci classes online. (I just got my new FREE computer from work!) I'm also studying for the GRE, and pretty soon here I'm going to get serious about graduate school. I think I've decided on international studies and/or economics, depending on how well I like the classes I take. I've found my dream program at Johns Hopkins University in Washington, D.C. It's a two-year Masters of International Studies program that begins in Washington and ends in.....are you sitting down?.....Bologna, Italy! Holy shit, does it get more perfect? Apparently it's like the premiere training ground for government officials, according to my friend Andy who laughed forcefully in my face when I told him I wanted to get into it. But I figure, I'm not getting any younger, and I don't want any regrets, so I'm goin' for it, dude. As for the love life, it's nonexistant, which is why I'm putting so much energy into the self-improvement area of my life. I figure as long as I'm having no fun with boys I might as well be beefing up my net value. By the time they come around again, the eligible pool will have shrunk to 1 in 100 million. Whatever. Anyway, now that I've written you the longest paragraph of my life, I must retreat to my work duties. Then it's off for a thrilling tour of Portland via Tri-Met. Molly's making me dinner tonight in exchange for a finished resume. It's only taken her 3 years to compile the information for it, so this one should be a doozy. Hey, if you can ever make it home for a weekend, you should come at the end of May - David Gray is coming to the Schnitzer, and it's going to be fabulous! I'll buy your concert ticket if you can convince Dad to get your plane ticket. Call me soon if you can, or I'll call this weekend. Take care and I miss you!  Love, Kate 
 Okay - let me know if you need anything later.  Kate 
 Yep - the strips are changed to reflect term 3/15 to 3/31. Glad that's finally solved!  Thanks, Kate 
 Sean Crandall changed the term of it during last night's checkout with Prebon, but forgot to change the strip in the deal. It's fixed now to reflect a term of 3/15 to 3/31.  Thanks, Kate 
 Our IT group was able to solve the problem on this deal. It wouldn't save because the schedule type field was not populating correctly; which was a little disturbing because this is an EOL deal, and all fields should populate automatically. Dave Poston thinks he's fixed the problem, so you shouldn't run into anymore deals that won't save due to blank deal entry fields. If you do, though, please let Dave or me know and we'll look into it further. You should now be able to add to the deal clearing tab and save the deal.  Thanks, Kate Symes Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 Transmission deals go through Arizona Public Service, not APS Energy Services. This deal has been changed. Let me know if you have questions.  Thanks, Kate 
 It should be Arizona Public Service. I guess the CTPY name just changed, so Ryan was a bit confused. I talked with Bill Williams about it and forwarded the message on to both of them. Deal has been corrected.  Thanks, Kate 
 Hey - what the heck is zero week? I might be interested in signing up for that - pack in some quick credits for my pre-grad school work. I figured out I'm going to essentially have to get a second bachelor's degree before going to grad school. But hey, it's all about the credentials man - as in, being able to tell people at my 10-year high school reunion that I have two bachelor's degrees, a master's, and a Rhodes Scholarship to study Italian wine in a 12th century villa, surrounded by buff, tan, and unusually good-looking farm workers.Tres important!  So yeah, maybe we'll hold off on the visit for now. I think it's more important for us both to feel mentally stable about our finances for right now - then we party! I could maybe make it out there in April, overlap with mom's trip (I don't think I could handle the whole thing with her...) - I'll keep it in mind. And yeah, she's giddy about this whole house move thing. I hope it works out for the best - I really think it will. I'm starting to feel really bad about leaving Kitty with her, but I'm in a weird situation with Amber's cat at our house already. Part of me wants to just bring Kitty over and tell everyone to deal with it because it's my house too; but the other part of me doesn't want to deal with the bloodshed that will ensue between her and Amber's outmatched feline. Oh well, I'm thinking about it.  The most excitement I'll be having this week is my haircut with Brett tonight. I think I might also be purchasing a bedskirt, a totally extraneous and disappointing expense that I would never have had if I hadn't insisted on getting a "real" house with a "real" bed and all that other crap that goes along with it and inevitably costs you money that you could have otherwise spent on beer. And as the sands flow, these are the days of our lives....  I'm so impressed with your dating maneuvers. I told Amber and Molly about it last night at dinner, which we ate together around our new dining room table, and they both said in unison, "Like sister, like sister." I guess I have some kind of reputation for ending up on dates with waiters - go figure. Anyway, it's time for me to go find something to eat and then come back to my desk and consume it while it flows directly to my butt. Can't wait! Write back soon.  Kate 
 550042 buy reliant sp15 185.00 trader - Bill Williams  549077 buy williams sp15 107.00 traded yesterday  550271 - changed to SP15  550370/371 - already in as april  All jeff richter trades should have correct total MW now. 
 This has been changed.   Stephanie Piwetz   11/16/2000 03:18 PM 
 mike 550478  jeff 550487 
 Prebon missing richter - 550490  missing crandall - 550480  missing swerzbin - 550438  550428 - killed  550427 - still waiting to hear     Stephanie Piwetz   03/14/2001 02:26 PM 
 yes we do - it's been changed.  thanks, kate   Stephanie Piwetz   03/14/2001 03:14 PM 
 How crazy would that be if we had three generations of Symes in one classroom! If I were one of the other students and I figured out there were three siblings in my class, I might actually consider that a little bizarre, like a circus family or something. But whatever. I'm definitely into it though - that is, if U.O. has decided to forgive my errant freshman year behavior that got me booted from those luxurious residance halls and re-admit me. They're probably looking over my application right now and just pissing themselves, "Wait a minute - that good-for-nothing druggy thinks she's going to GRADUATE SCHOOL...HAHAHAHAHAHA..." and so on.  And by the way, I didn't mean to throw you into a fit of Catholic guilt over the kitty thing. She's totally fine, and mom actually likes her. I think my presence actually upsets the balance. And I think this move might be good for her - she'll be going back to her apartment roots. The real martyr in all of this is Big Kitty, who still looks completely baffled when Kitty hurtles herself at him from behind doorways and such. After she does that, they generally both walk away from each other just looking completely dissatisfied with the whole thing - Big Kitty because he's old and demented and everything confuses him, and Kitty because she's young and demented and everything pisses her off. Gotta love it.  So you look like Jennifer now? Hey, don't underestimate the one-time popularity of that haircut. Everything comes back into fashion at some point. I will tell Brett you said hi. His wife just had her baby - they are such a freaking cute little family it makes me depressed. Even more than I already am from having to sit around my house all the time and listen to Amber and Molly call their respective boyfriends "schmoopy" and swap sex stories. It's thoroughly disgusting, and I've told them so. They just throw their heads back and laugh with self-satisfied couple-induced mania. And there you have my happy little family.....  Have fun on your date tonight! Just go into it like you have nothing to lose, which you don't, and like you don't care, which you shouldn't. 'Kay?  Love ya, Kate 
 I added the fee - but was wondering why it didn't default to a fee since Bloomberg is an online trading service. I know they're gone now, but if you think of it later, you might ask.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   03/14/2001 03:36 PM 
 This is a problem I've been working on with IT. They released a new version of deal entry, and for some reason certain EOL trades are automatically populating all of the new fields, including Schedule Type. I've got Dave Poston working on this, and I'll let you know when we've fixed it so you can save your part.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've changed 549777 to CAISO energy, but 550838 looks like it already has CAISO energy in it. Let me know if it was a different deal number that had a problem. And you're right - that's not bad at all!  Thanks, Kate 
 I've changed both strips to reflect 3/16-3/31.  Thanks, Kate 
 I think this is an issue with Diana's deal entry, because I just asked Sean Crandall and he said you can go ahead and confirm all of these deals. I've changed the confirm status, and I'll look into it more later this afternoon when the traders are less busy. Also, did you mean to write 549903 twice, or is there another deal number?  Thanks, Kate 
 okay, this deal has been changed to CAISO.  Thanks, Kate 
 This has been changed. 
 Another trivial counterparty name change - it's Enmax Energy Corp., not just plain old Enmax Corp. These deals have been changed.  Thanks, Kate 
 These deals have been changed to reflect the correct counterparty name, and I've forwarded the message to the real time traders who did the deals and their manager. Thanks for the heads up!  Kate 
 Sorry Rhonda - I forgot to also send this message on to you!  Kate 
 550042/550048 - changed to yes confirm - entered by Real Time guy who isn't in the habit of day-ahead trade settings  Thanks, Kate 
 I've changed both of these deals to be confirmed, since we're confirming all daily trades now. Just wanted to let you know.  Kate 
 whadup! i'm so happy for you re: the love thing. love is sooooo in the air lately. molly just fell head over heels for some cowboy dude evan introduced her to. they've been attached at the hips, literally, for the last three weeks. and amber spends about four quality hours a day on the phone with marky, then cries when she has to hang up. seriously. but your romance sounds much more interesting - you absolutely have to keep me posted on how it unfolds. and what's the guy's name anyway? you know what's weird is that last night after my haircut i met up with molly and her man for dinner. we decided to check out the brazen bean, this little swanky cigar bar across the street from the blue moon on 21st. (we heard they had a martini happy hour, and we felt like pretending we were sophisticated.) so we're walking into the place when molly suddenly remembers that she knows the people who live upstairs (it's in one of those old rambling victorian houses) so she runs upstairs to say hi and then comes back down with them. it turns out to be blake and jill, this really sweet couple i've met before, friends of friends, you know how it goes. anyway, we all end up staying longer than we should and having more martinis than we planned on, and then blake remembers his friend dave was coming over to watch a movie. so he runs upstairs to meet dave and brings him back down. well dave happens to be amazingly cute and have amazingly great legs (he had just come from the gym and was amazingly good about sitting in this dimly lit velvet-couched candle-lit shi-shi joint in shorts and a sweatshirt). so dave, molly tells me as she begins to put the hard sell on IMMEDIATELY (i've noticed as i get older and stay single that many of my friends feel the need to try vehemently to get me coupled), plays the guitar amazingly and has an amazing voice. i find out over the course of the evening that he also reads A LOT and is interested in irish literature and quantum physics. well, who isn't, y'know. he also likes to sail - and this is really quite scary - LASER SAILBOATS. yep. i've officially met my father in a younger form. barf. anyway, he and blake and i all had a jolly time talking about books and parents and that show blind date. it was all very intellectual, i assure you. what was weirder still was that every time i said something, dave looked at blake and kind of laughed. and every time i was like, stop your laughing or i'll beat you senseless, and he was like, no i'm just laughing because we were just talking about that the other day or because i've done that or because i'm doing that next week. i said i wanted to start a book club - apparently he suggested that to blake two days ago. i said i lived in italy and wanted to go back - he's going there in two months. oh, and then there's our common love of running. okay, i'm rambling, so i'll get to the point, which is that in my single and cynical state i didn't think much of the poor guy last night, but today i've noticed i'm increasingly interested and, i'll admit, maybe even attracted. so as we were leaving i kind of waved goodbye and said see ya around, because you always do in an incestuous vat such as portland, and went on my merry way with molly and josh, which i'm sure they were happy about since they practically tried to push me into dave's car and run away. dave got in his car and drove off, then all of a sudden appeared in front of us as we were crossing the street to our car. he had driven around the block and was now getting out of his car to give me his card, which he handed to me under the pretense that we couldn't start a book club without each other's contact information. i already knew he worked at a running store, whatever that is, but when i turned the card over it had his name on it and the word "owner" underneath. do you think that means he's the actual owner? or is it one of those places like les schwab where they give all the employees stock options and call them "employee owners"? i'm going to look into it. now i'm probably making way too much of this because he was probably like, yeah i need some more members for my book club but i definitely don't want to talk to this drinking, smoking, lump of unmolded flesh for any other reason....why would i, the proprietor of a running store and owner of such amazing legs, do a thing like date a girl who shudders at the thought of exercise and loses weight only when she ups her alcohol consumption to the point where she forgets to eat? that would just be silly. okay, i've got to go. get back to me with a detailed account of your evening such as the one i just sent you.  kate 
 You shouldn't be sorry about the fact that you need help.  K    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 yeah - mike is entering all his deals now. 
 changed to pinnacle west - and you might mention to apb, if you feel like it, that it would save their time during checkout if they told tom the correct counterparty when the trade was done - he said apb never seems to know whether it's APS or pinnacle, but for his part he doesn't mind which counterparty it's with - anyway, just fyi...  thanks, Kate 
 I'll have Dave Poston fix it and get back to you.  Kate 
 I think number 5 especially applies to you boys. 
 Dave Poston and the other IT guys are working on this problem right now. Apparently from 3/9 onward EOL has not been pulling the schedule type into its deals, so they're ALL going to have problems saving. Isn't that fun? Dave told me that the problem will be solved by tomorrow afternoon at the latest, and that it will retroactively populate those schedule types into all EOL deals so you'll be able to save them. Sorry for the hassle. I'll keep you posted if anything else comes up.  Thanks, Kate 
 551260 - changed to 227  And I'm entering Jeff's deals right now - he went into a meeting and neglected to finish deal entry!  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   03/15/2001 02:26 PM 
 551764    Stephanie Piwetz   03/15/2001 02:51 PM 
 You should see all of these deals in the system - he just entered them. Let me know if something doesn't show up, or if you need deal numbers.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   03/15/2001 02:26 PM 
 changed to no confirm - 542401/542393/542396  kate 
 p.s. 551260 has been changed to 227.00 - what a mistake that would have been!   Stephanie Piwetz   03/15/2001 02:26 PM 
 Please note volume changes in SP-15 fixed price sale, 3/17, HE 15 and 16. 
 Two things: First. What does the art of motorcycle riding have to do with lost literature or George Eliot? Second. Elliot is spelled Eliot. But otherwise, thoroughly enjoyable e-mail message, if not a tad smug over the whole book-finding issue. Where did you find it, anyway? E-bay? Afghanistan? You know, in some circles they would consider procurement of that book akin to scoring a pound of pure cocaine. Not that yucky not adulterated stuff. I'm rambling and should actually go do some work, being that that is the technical term for what I'm doing right now. "Working," that is. But I have several spreadsheets strategically placed around my computer screens (I have two, that's how important I am), to make it appear that I'm VERY, VERY busy. And speaking of importance, I'm curious to know if you're the actual "owner" of the Portland Running Co., as it states on your card, or if the Portland Running Co. is one of those forward-thinking organizations that gives all its employees pseudo-ownership in the form of one stock share, or if those are just cards you had made to impress people? In any case, I probably owe you some retroactive respect for your ingenuity, either for becoming the owner of such a shop, or for making people believe you are. Hey, do you know what George Eliot's real first name is? If you respond to this e-mail in the next twenty minutes, I'll tell you. Otherwise you're on your own. By the way, that's a beautifully worded passage you chose. And it rhymes, in case you didn't notice that.  Kate 
 this has been changed to firm - thanks for catching it.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   03/16/2001 07:43 AM 
 The Portland West Desk needs two new traders added to EnPower. I believe you're the correct person to contact for this, but please let me know if I should talk to somebody else. We'd like to have our mid-marketers enter their own trades now, and many of them already have the IDs to do that. Two marketers - Paul Choi and Greg Wolfe - do not. I know that when I took over the Deal Control position here John Forney contacted you to help me acquire a trader ID, so I'm hoping you can help me with this task.  Thank you, Kate 
 The deals were entered yesterday -  461029 Williams  461030 EES  Thanks 
 I've changed all three deals to firm energy.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   03/16/2001 10:33 AM 
 Thank you in advance for you help in adding this trader's name to the system:  Add this Power Trader to the EnPower: Paul Choi  Samuel Schott has told me that you would prefer to have the desk this trader works for, but because Paul is a mid-marketer he works with several different desks, including Long Term California and Long Term Southwest. Please let me know if you need more information.  Thanks, Kate Symes Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 Here's the procedure for adding new traders to the system. I've requested to have Paul Choi's name added - Greg Wolfe and the rest of the mid-marketers appear to already be in there.  Kate 
 Mike's still entering his deals - they should be showing up momentarily. 
 552673 - changed to sell  Missing trades should be in now. Let me know if they're not.   Stephanie Piwetz   03/16/2001 12:32 PM 
 Thanks for doing that so quickly. I just spoke with Paul and he said it would be best to include every long term desk under his name since he will potentially do deals with all of the traders -  Long Term Southwest Long Term Northwest Long Term California Long Term West Management  Again, thank you, and please let me know if there's anything else I can do.  Kate    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 yes, he's still inputting. 
 Just constantly adding value, aren't we..... 
 It might be worth it to add Long Term California to Greg's trader ID profile - if it's not too much trouble. He said it was unlikely he'd use it, but there's always the potential. No rush, of course. And thanks again for your help.  Kate    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I'd love to receive all three publications by e-mail.  Thanks, Kate 
 Here's the latest version. Sound better? 
 I just talked with Mike, and he thinks this trade was made on the 14th, but possibly entered on the 15th and back-dated. He's coming in to the office in a few minutes and will call the broker to be sure. I'll let you know as soon as they've worked it out.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   11/17/2000 08:31 AM 
 I suppose my victory in this, our latest but not last competition, would be IMPLIED. Rather, I mean that my triumph could be INFERRED or even TACIT. My skill is UNDERSTOOD, my speed INSINUATED, and my nimble pairing of the two is INTIMATED by the fact that I won this competition.  Now, I'll be sadly disappointed if you don't get this e-mail until later today, being that you have such a confusing and multi-layered e-mail situation, because I need for you to know that I got the answer first. So for the record, it is 8:45 a.m. on Monday. A side note: I also have The Great Gatsby in my possession.  Kate 
 I'd be more than happy to run a test of the new forward obligation report in order for you to move it to production. I do use the application everyday when determining the West desk positions in relation to each other, so it's a report I'm familiar with and also one that may affect me if it's changed. Please let me know if you'd like me to run the report and under what terms.  Thanks, Kate Symes Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 Dave, Could you possibly help me set a shortcut to test this report today. I believe what Kroum is asking is for me to run the STAGE report against PRODUCTION data. Does that sound correct? I thought you'd know more. Just holler over here whenever you get a chance.  Thanks, Kate 
 553809 - changed to APB 553810 - changed to APB  554166 - changed to BP Energy Co.  Jeff is entering the rest of his deals right now.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   03/19/2001 02:26 PM 
 Jeff is still entering deals. 
 Thanks - I guess the computer defaults were set wrong and a few deals were entered with incorrect BOM dates. They've been corrected.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   03/19/2001 03:21 PM 
 Here are the deals we changed to the correct balance-of-the-month term (3/21/01 to 3/31/01):  554245 554253 554252 554257  Thanks, Kate 
 You are clearly the quintessential malapropist. I won't even try to compete in that category. Especially not at the end of a long day. Of staring. At this computer screen. And studying tiny little. Numbers. This is the source of my insanity. This is no question of my money or my life. It's neither. I think it's time to partake in some of the mind-numbing activities that office workers regularly use to gain the strenth to face another day (running), or forget that another day is coming (drinking). I've got at least half an hour to decide.....  K 
 Our fax number is 503-464-3740. You can send those deal numbers over whenever you get a chance, and I'll look them over and talk to the appropriate traders and IT. Thanks so much for your diligence during this transition. I'll keep you informed on the IT effort.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've changed deal 547478 to reflect the correct price - $109.90 off peak and $174.15 on peak - and made a note in our deal correction report. Please keep me informed on any discrepancies you run across. I'll be happy to look into it.  Thanks, Kate 
 Mike has 25 MW with no broker fee in his trade log. I just spoke with him and he's going to call Natsource to confirm this. But this deal should be correct as it is in the system.  Thanks, Kate 
 550480 has been changed to Merrill per Sean Crandall  550383 and 550385 - I'm still waiting to hear from Mike Driscoll on these - I'll let you know.  Thanks, Kate 
 those dummies! (it's changed back)  Thanks, Kate 
 550383 and 550385 have been changed to Nevada Power per Mike Driscoll.  Kate 
 I've spoken with Rhonda about this, and I'll be letting the traders know to be prepared for the change. This deal has been changed to Allegheny.  Thanks, Kate 
 Tom's in a meeting, but in his trade log he has APS crossed out and over it he's written Pinnacle. So I'm going to wait to find out what happened. I'll let you know.  Kate 
 Traders are finishing up a meeting and Mike has his trade log with him. I'll let you know in a second. 
 mike says 555403 is Q3-02 - it's been changed but  he thinks 555404 should be Jul-02, not Q3-02 - is Natsource broker sure? 
 555410 has been changed to Q4-02, and Mike's still entering deals. 
 it's changed. 
 555159 has been changed to APS. 
 These deals were entered as flowing all days, and should have just been Mon - Sat. This was my fault, as I didn't know my computer defaulted to all days. (This has since been fixed!) I've changed them in the system and was told to let you know so you can re-confirm the deals with just on-peak days. Sorry about the hassle. I promise I'll get the hang of this soon!  Thanks, Kate 
 sorry - we changed the year and just changed each strip - but since it was originally entered in deal blotter it had those extra strips and, long story short, it should be right now.  thanks Kate 
 i'm having deal blotter and deal entry problems - please bear with me while i try to change this, but it might be a minute.  Thanks, Kate 
 he's wrong - mike just checked with his broker, who should correct it. 
 chris says both of these prices are correct - is broker still disputing them? 
 I've changed the deal - we're running into some problems rolling out the new Full Service Power application. Apparently it's messed with some details of Deal Entry, including the deletion of strips. So you'll see three strips in this deal, two of which have no price and no volume. I hope that's okay! Will Smith in Houston IT is working on it now. Let me know if you see the right term and volume now.  Thanks, Kate 
 I'm trying to get ahold of Jeff Richter on this, but without the brokers around we probably can't get it done tonight. I would just say we have a discrepancy with the broker at this point. Let me know if that's okay.  Thanks, Kate 
 Will -  I've passed your phone number along to Bill Williams, the Real Time group manager here in Portland. He should be contacting you shortly to discuss problems with and changes to the Scheduling Activity Report. I've checked with other groups on the floor and found that the report is only used by Real Time, and less frequently by groups assisting Real Time, so I believe Bill or someone in his group could most suitably test the new application. Let me know if there's anything else I can do, and thanks for all your help today.  Kate 
 Cheers?    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I feel your job-hunting pain, but I am so glad you sent a resume to Amy. And as for having to WORK at WORK? Not if they just let you go! If they ask what you're doing say, "I'm surfing the internet for a NEW JOB YOU SON OF A BISCUIT." And as for this weekend, most definitely. On Saturday I'm going to see some art and have drinks at the Medicine Hat gallery on Alberta. You should join me in my quest for culture - of course that'll last until just after I finish the first bottle of wine. Who's playing on Friday? I'll pencil it in. And I'll keep you posted on what I hear from Amy - in the meantime, hang in there. It all works out in the end. (there's your cheesy piece of advice for the day)  Kate 
 Don't get defensive. I was just worried you had picked up another silly affectation.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Thanks a lot, Kim! 
 yes....yes it does.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Good morning -  Just wanted to let you know that I've been running the stage version of the Forward Obligation report using production data, and I seem to be getting all the same numbers as I do with the production version of the report. I will continue to compare the two today when I run these reports, just to make sure. But in the meantime, all looks well. Thanks for your help.  Kate Symes Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 I left a note for Jeff last night, and apparently he already changed the deals to reflect APB's price 554905 is $350 554912 is $325  Kate 
 The following deals have been autoscheduled for 2/1/01  556553 556561  Let me know if this comes through on your report.  Thanks, Kate 
 it's been changed to M-S 
 556890 - changed to M-S (jeremy's mask was wrong) 556515 - mike swerzbin says this is definitely a peak deal - let me know what amerex says  Kate 
 couldn't "doll" be classified as harassment in the workplace...... 
 you think people are really fooled by your innocent facade? 
 Mark - I believe our Real Time group is sending your group a spreadsheet outlining all of the trades they do on behalf of EES each day. The first two deals - 544537 and 544544 - should be included in that sheet. The only deals recorded in the sheet I send are fixed price (and sometimes Dow Jones index-forward) day-ahead trades done by the EPMI Short Term California desk.  The third deal - 553219 - is in EnPower at the correct price of $133.23. The worksheet price was not updated from the day before, but it's been corrected.  The fourth deal - 553219 - again is a Real Time deal. It looks like it was entered on 3/19 for 3/19 HE 1. It's a deal for 25 MW, not 150 MW, at $175.00. I'm not quite sure why EES thinks this deal should be in for HE 1-6 on 3/16. If you have any more information, please send that along to Bill Williams III and me.  I hope this helps. Let me know if you have anymore questions.  Thanks, Kate 
 Jeff has both sides of both deals in the system correctly. Here are the deal numbers.  461029 Williams 115.00  461030 EES 114.95  461801 Mieco 115.00  461802 EES 114.95  And Deal #461139 was actually a Short Term Southwest deal done by Tom Alonso with Williams for the same price on the same days, but with Prebon. Confusion!  Hope this fixes it. 
 Melissa - I just wanted to let you know that I can definitely get this list to you today. I'm a little buried right now dealing with some IT issues we're having with the new Full Service Power application, Forward Obligation report, etc., etc., so it may take me a little while. Is it okay if I get this to you by 1 p.m. PST? Let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 Greetings from the land of watery-eyed, flat-assed office workers! How goes the burly mountain man thing? I've been hearing second hand from Elliot that you're faring extremely well mentally despite some poorly crafted sleeping bags and a bad case of frostbite on your toes. (That second part I made up, but it sounded appropriate given the sleeping bag situation.) All's well here. As you could imagine, and probably often do, the sweeping expanse of people staring at computers that is Enron has changed not at all since you left. There are still many computers, many of them have changed positions, some have gone away, most we are not sad to see go. That's just the nature of this cutthroat business. Also on the stagnantly invariable list is the status of my life in relation to Enron. I am still here. I still stare at the computer. Every once in awhile I meander over to the dark window-less corner that enshrouds the IT wizards and ask them silly questions like, "What does it mean when I hit this button and my screen starts flashing at me like a disco ball, then makes this awkward shrieking noise and finally goes black?" They are incredibly helpful. I am still pretty much clueless about most things, although I've learned to talk about them with a semblance of authority, as in, "No, you twit, the 25 megawatt off peak deal should clearly be flowing across SP-15 to NP-15 because of the illiquidity of SP's market right now. What kind of idiot wouldn't hedge their position in California at a time like this?" It all sounds very exotic and important to me, which is why I'm still here. But I'm infinitely jealous of your wild exploits in the great American outdoors. I suspect my forbearance for sitting in an office will run out right around the middle of the summer, so I'm planning a trip to coincide with that meltdown. I haven't decided between a road trip through the western United States or just a direct flight to Paris. Both sound good, and way beyond my budget, therefore equally attractive. Well, I've managed to say practically nothing for long enough now. I do hope you're having an amazing time, rambling on toward the next crazy adventure on the horizon as I believe Jack Kerouac once wrote. We're all very proud of you here and constantly refer to you as "my good friend Winston who's skiing across the state of Wyoming, which was my idea." I'd love to hear about your trip direct from the source, although I know you're extremely busy out there, skiing and killing wild animals for sustenance and whatnot. But please do write back....if you can still move your fingers.  Sincerely, Kate (the slightly ditsy one who sits in the middle of the room and tries to look constantly busy) 
 It's changed to APS. I'm wondering about the status of APS and Pinnacle - I guess the traders here had heard we were now doing our trades with Pinnacle, not APS. Is this incorrect? Do you know who might know about that?  Thanks, kate 
 And thanks for your hard work, too! I've been checking the new version agains production data today and it looks good to me as well. I'm sorry I haven't been more actively involved - I've been drowning in a new version of the EOL report and this new FSP application. So thanks for being in correspondence with the guys in Houston.  Kate 
 No - they pay you just for being you! 
 558066 - I see 367 in this deal  557412 - Mallory's deal changed to Bloomberg  Sean is entering last two deals. 
 changed to Bloomberg 
 I'm so sorry - 557552 (I was looking at that deal and trying to write at the same time - oops!) 
 This deal is in - 558076 - but it's with Matt Motley's book. 
 558176 - he just entered it 
 Thanks for checking. I changed this deal to reflect off-peak hours only.  Also, Tom Alonso just let me know that deal #460678 actually has a Mid-C delivery point, not Palo Verde. I changed this as well, but wanted to let you know so you can re-confirm.  Thanks, Kate 
 Well, to tell you the truth, it sucks right now. Work has been snowballing with all kinds of unimaginable computer problems, so many that I've basically forgotten what they all are now. And on top of that, runner guy stopped by last night and it happened to be the last day of Amber's finals so she and Molly had been drinking since 2 p.m. Well, I'm not quite sure if that scared him away, but we were supposed to go to a movie tonight - he asked me, I accepted, we had a time picked out - now I NEVER make plans as a rule, but this was a goddamn plan. So he calls 15 minutes ago and actually CANCELS. Not even just that, he doesn't give a REASON. I am so livid right now there's smoke coming out of my ears. I need to go finish work so I can get out of here and go bomb his car. I'll call you tonight.  Kate 
 I just left you a voice-mail, but thought I'd follow up with a text message as well. I can send you lists of all the people who work in each of these groups, but not all of them use Enron Online. To make this information as efficient as possible, I want to be sure of what you're looking for before I send you a huge list of names and make it more confusing than it needs to be. The other thing I just thought of is that I run an EOL deal count report every night which includes the West Desk's EOL and brokered deal counts for the day, month-to-date, and sometimes year-to-date. So I may already have this information or may be able to get it very easily. For now, I'll send you the list of our traders who use EOL. And please let me know what else I can do to assist.  West Power Traders Tim Belden Matt Motley Mike Swerzbin Mike Driscoll Bob Badeer Sean Crandall Diana Scholtes Tom Alonso Mark Fischer Jeff Richter Chris Mallory Jeremy Morris Phil Platter  Again, these are the traders in this office who currently use Enron Online. Our other groups - mid-marketing, origination, and fundamentals - do not trade online. I believe that development in San Francisco also does not trade online.  Thanks, Kate 
 After the day's confusion has settled down, I can't quite remember if you're the one who called me on this deal. It's a short term west hourly deal and there was some indication it should be with PPL Montana and not Montana Power. Bill Williams, real time manager, told me they trade with Montana Power all the time, so this trade should be good. I've changed the deal to no confirm, and we're working with IT to get the deal entry settings to default to no confirm for all real time deals (so hopefully this won't happen again). Call me if you have any questions.  Thanks, Kate 
 Happy reading! 
 These have been approved and auto-scheduled.  Kate 
 Details in exchange for this -  I read an article this morning that quoted an ISO market analyst speaking about the $6.2 billion the system operator would like to recover in charges since last spring: "We are not saying now that these are overcharges. We are telling the FERC that we see these as the amounts that we deem 'excessive.'" The lead of the story was this: "The California Independent System Operator......significantly upped the ante Thursday when it told the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission that 21 generators and suppliers should refund the state a stunning $6.2 billion for electricity sold into the state since last May."  First of all, tell me what the difference is between "overcharges" and "excessive" charges. If there isn't one, give me your opinion on why this analyst would say such a stupid thing. Second, give me one reason why the lead is journalistically incorrect, and one why it is gramatically unattractive.  Then you get details.  Kate 
 I'm sorry, but I can't give you full credit on your answer to the second part of my question. The correct answer was the author's use of the word "stunning" to describe the $6.2 billion figure. The word is clearly an editorialization on the amount of the refund requested, and is therefore journalistically incorrect.  In addition, you failed to extemporize on why a journalist for an energy trade magazine would leave such gaping holes in his/her story.  But because I'm feeling lenient this morning, I'll give you the details.  There was no date.  Kate 
 Wow - what a nice Friday morning surprise to hear from my old friend Bobby. We must go back, what, at least half a year? Hey, it's no fun around our house with you being a stranger and all. We're having people over for a barbeque tonight - come by! Call me at work - 464-7486 - or catch someone at home later - 288-6546. We have to celebrate the beginning of spring, and you're not exempt. Have a super day at work. Talk to you later?  Kate 
 Hey! I'm so brain dead this morning I didn't even notice. But I'm sooooo glad you had a good experience. I just think he's the nicest guy, so I bombard him with people needing haircuts constantly. You know when I first went to him it was because I couldn't get in to see my regular lady and he was the only stylist who wasn't booked - now he never has a spare second! It makes me feel like a proud mother. Thanks for letting me know.  Kate 
 550206 - price is in correctly at $187.27 because this deal is a sale from EPMI to EES (550205 is the deal where EPMI buys from EES - price is therefore $5 less than weighted average, making it $177.27)  552990 - price is in at $195 off peak and $295 on peak, which are the prices reflected in my worksheet Brooklyn may be looking at a price for a real time deal. If the desk is Short Term West Hourly, that means the deal was done in the    hour-ahead, not day-ahead market, and the price will be different. Bill Williams at the real time desk should be sending out a spreadsheet   outlining the deals they've done on EES's behalf.  Please let me know if this answers your questions. Or call and we can discuss it person to person.  Thanks, Kate Symes Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 You rock, Angela! Don't worry, I'll be my usual quiet and unassuming self when I come by for lunch. Although, if you guys are having hotdogs, doesn't that mean that everyone pre-ordered? That would leave me "sans hotdog," which would be tragic. Let me know.  Kate 
 That's hilarious! My theme song for life is "Don't go breaking my heart" by Elton John and Kiki Dee, which incidentally has always been one of my favorites. I remember first hearing it on a Disney special where Elton did a duet with Minnie Mouse. What a kick! Thanks.  Kate 
 Hey Anna - you're a kook! I just got this from mom like two seconds ago! But thanks..... 
 BLOOMBERG Matt Motley 559091 - sells to Idaho, 50 mw, April, Mid-C, $358  Tom Alonso 559010 - price is changed to $160 He is still entering last two deals.  AMEREX Mike Swerzbin 559062 - buys AEP, 25 mw, Cal-02, PV, $140 And Tom said he didn't have anything to do with this deal - Mike said MW were correct.   Thanks, kate 
 I'm a little confused - 559066 is a Prebon deal under Mike Swerzbin's book. 559091 is a Bloomberg deal under Matt Motley's book. I just talked to Mike Driscoll and he said these both have the correct brokers on them and there were two deals. ????  Kate 
 That's weird, because nothing traded for nearly that low for April today. Mike's exact words were, "there's no way it's $258." So if anyone from Prebon is still there, let them know the trader is sticking with his price.  Thanks, Kate 
 503107 and 503112 have both been changed to reflect the correct time zones. I checked the strips after changing them to PPT and it looks like Deal Entry separated them correctly between PST and PDT. I'm working on the rest now.  Kate 
 Find out what your theme song is - it only takes a second. And keep in mind it could be something extremely fitting like Todd's - "My Boyfriend's Back." 
 just added - 559276 
 I have made the following adjustment to our EPMI sales to EES on 3/1 at SP-15.  534313 - existing fixed price forward sale - volumes have been reduced by 18 mw per hour  559314 - new index sale added and backdated (2/28)  to reflect 18 mw off peak hours 559316 - new index sale added and backdate (2/28) to reflect 18 mw on peak hours  Please let me know if you have any questions regarding this change. At the end of last month Short Term California handed responsibility of Dow Jones index sales over to the Short Term West Services desk; unfortunately the exact date of change-over was miscommunicated, and the index sale was not entered for 3/1. However, the total MWh of EPMI's sale to EES should not change for 3/1. Also, you should see the new volumes reflected in the EES daily volumes worksheet which I will send later this afternoon.  Thanks for your patience, Kate Symes Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 Thanks, chica. 
 Original...original...original. 
 The last two LTNW deals - 349864 and 318870 are changed to correct time zones. They gave me the option to choose "no" for rerouting of schedules. They were both EOL deals.  Kate 
 Anna - You're stoked on the song thing. You'll never guess how cool mine is though. It's "Don't go breakin' my heart" by Elton John and Kiki Dee! Remember the song he sang with Minnie Mouse on that Disney video we used to watch all the time? I LOVE that song. Anyway, I had already started a reply to your previous e-mail, so I'll just send it along with this one.....  I love you madly and dearly! You're the only one who's managed to say anything of worth about this whole incidence. Amber and Molly stared at me blankly and said something like, "Don't be so overly dramatic," and then rationalized the whole thing saying he was probably tired and needed to hang out with his friend who just broke up with his long term girlfriend and blah blah blah. It was really disappointing that they didn't understand the importance of NEVER being rational when it comes to men. It was so not fun. But I was really proud of myself, because I left work fuming, on the verge of tears, and by the time I got home I was smiling and joking with Amber and Molly about how schnockered they had been the night before. Then Molly and I took a big long walk and got awesome Thai food, brought it home, and watched the Thursday night line-up. All in all, it was a very successful evening WITHOUT runner man, whose name by the way is Dave. (Take one point off for that.) And guess what? He ended up calling at about 8:30. Molly was on the other line and neglected to answer the call or tell me there might be a message, so awhile later when I got a call from Jill, Dave's friend's girlfriend who I'm also friends with (this all gets very complicated), I was very confused that she asked me to go out for a beer with "us." I just assumed she was with her boyfriend and Dave, and made up some sweet excuse about how I had just eaten and was too full to move, because I was like, no way is that guy going to have his lackeys call me and expect me to show up. NO WAY! So that was that....or so I thought. At about 10 p.m., runner man himself calls, and basically admits that he's psycho for cancelling our date and then calling me all night long. Ya think?! Anyway, he tells me he was in this enormously bad mood after work and had to sweat it out on a bike ride and didn't want me to see him in such a bad state. I still thought it was a lame excuse and that once you'd reached the ripe age of 31 you should be smart enough to just say something instead of lamely ditch someone. So I told him that, and he said he agreed and could he please come over and make me and my roommates dinner and finish mowing our lawn (which he had started the other night when he was over) to make it up to me. I told him if he did that he might bring his balance back to zero instead of being in the read which is where he is now. (that's finance lingo) Anyway, the plan is he's going to come over and help me make salads and bread and drinks for like 20 people who we somewhere along the way invited to our house tonight, although I don't remember doing that. Anna, you have to stay with me one night when you're home in June because it's a constant riot. I won't go into some of the things Amber did the other night right now, but I'll tell you soon so you can swap stories when you see her. By the way, she snagged an armload of my clothes, actually most of which were yours, to wear at fancy dinners in Denver, so if you see anything you want back, just let her know. I think it's just that red Laundry shirt and the REALLY short black bcbg skirt. Hey guess what - I have to go. I'll call you tonight!  Take care, kate 
 It's been changed. Thanks!  Kate 
 Here's the latest I've heard from Diana regarding the deals with a PGE delivery point. The four you e-mailed me this morning are all daily deals with PGE and therefore do not need to be confirmed, so they are entered correctly. I believe Kim Hundl and I discussed this before; but let me know if you have further questions.  Thanks, kate 
 I just got your fax - thank you! I'll start changing over those deals right now, so it shouldn't be long. I'll send you another e-mail when they're all done.  Kate 
 I'm so glad to hear it! Cara suspected it was an EOL bug that had since been fixed. Thanks for clarifying this.  Kate 
 The attached document contains the EPMI average prices for all delivery points for Sun., March 25, and Mon., March 26. Please let me know if you have any problems opening the document or reading it. The worksheet should look identical to the fax I send each day. An additional worksheet shows a detail of each deal volume and price. I'm in the habit of excluding the counterparty names (to save time) because I'm the only one who looks at this sheet normally; but if you'd like me to start e-mailing instead of faxing the prices I will begin entering the counterparty names as well.    Thanks, Kate Symes Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 We don't have any regular on or off-peak deals for Sunday. In regard to sending index prices via e-mail, I think it will be a lot more efficient for everyone involved to do it this way. I only feel badly I didn't think of it before! I will begin e-mailing each morning starting tomorrow, and it's no problem for me to add counterparty's names to the spreadsheet - I just have to get in the habit of doing it.  Thanks again, Kate 
 Mike confirmed with Amerex that this deal was done on the 14th. They're going to change it.   Stephanie Piwetz   11/17/2000 08:31 AM 
 I'm unclear as to what Will found in these deals that needs to be looked at. The first one (scary!!) has notes in the comments section of each leg that say it was terminated on 9/30/98; however, there are still forward deal legs that haven't been killed or zeroed out. I don't think I could consider myself a deal control professional on this one - I'll need to talk to a trader. But let me know what you want me to look for in the remaining deals. Is this part of the time zone glitch?  Kate 
 I think that sounds like a great idea. It doesn't really serve a purpose to have all the time zones as a choice in Deal Blotter if EnPower is going to sort them out anyway. We're just doubling up on the work that the application already knows how to do. In the meantime, I'll sort through these deal numbers and change time zones that flow over the first week in April. Let me know if that sounds good.  Kate 
 Just wanted to give you an update on my progress so far - I'm changing these deals in between each of my other daily tasks, and I'm also having a hard time reading some of the deal numbers. I've made it through the first page and a bit of the second. I've changed all but four of the deals to "no confirm." Here are the questions I have on those deals:  1. 552516 - why are we not confirming a City of Riverside deal? Should I ask Jeff?  2. 553037 - looks like it's already "no confirm"  3. 553666/667/668 - are we not confirming any deals where PGE is the counterparty? I thought it was just where PGE System was the delivery point?  4. 553926 - this deal is killed. Do we have to change settings on killed deals as well?  Also, if you have a slightly bigger copy of the document you faxed over, or if you could e-mail it to me, that would save me a lot of guessing time. Thanks for your help!  Kate 
 Both have been changed to CAISO energy - we have two new Real Time guys training at the same time. Scary!  Thanks, Kate 
 These deals were entered today under STWH desk - Geir and Mark show as the traders on them, but I have a feeling that's incorrect as I haven't seem them around this morning. Might let the guys know that when they trade at California delivery points - NP15, SP15, ZP26 - the energy firmness should be specified as CAISO firm.  Thanks, Kate 
 517814 - added .0075 fee per Chris Mallory  535228 - I'm waiting for Tom's desk to settle down a bit - they're in the middle of trading.  Any idea why APB's just checking these deals out now? They're from the beginning of February. Just wondering.  Thanks, Kate 
 Sharen Cason in the Confirms group will be expecting your phone call. Her number is 703-853-3001.  I talked to her about the difference in energy types, to satisfy my own curiosity, and she explained that the CAISO modifier acts as a flag to her group that the deal was done in California and therefore should have an NP15, SP15, or ZP26 delivery point. If the energy type is CAISO, they need to include different language in their confirmation letter to the counterparty. While CAISO is still essentially firm energy, it has different stipulations, she said.  I didn't go into detail with her, because the bottom line is that none of our real time deals should reach the confirms desk anyway. I'm working with IT in Houston and here to have West Hourly deals default to "no confirm," but until that gets done your best defense from the constant, nagging onslaught of petty deal entry error messages is to have your group check and double-check that they've marked their deals "NO" under the Confirmation heading. More information than you ever wanted on this subject? I thought so.  Kate 
 535228 - broker fee added per Tom Alonso 
 I've left a message for Jeff, but I can't seem to find him or his trade log anywhere. Until I hear back, I don't know anything about these deals. I'm sorry! I'll let you know as soon as I hear from him.  Kate 
 Looks like Mark already changed this to 3/28 to 3/31 - looks good to me. 
 Mike confirmed with Natsource this was a 25MW deal with no broker fee. 
 I just spoke with Holli Krebs about Grant County this afternoon. She said the confirms had already been signed by Tim Belden and gone through one of our lawyers, Jan King. Jan told Holli that she had sent the signed confirms down to someone in Houston - Holli thought it was you. Apparently Holli got a message from both you and me last week while at a WSPP conference, and called Jan to tell her to send the confirms out - so Jan sent them AGAIN. So if you still haven't seen those confirms come across your desk, then either someone else is receiving them or they're going to the wrong fax number. I've left a note for Jan King and hopefully we'll talk in the morning so I can find out more specifically where she's been sending the confirm letters. Sorry for all this confusion. We'll talk tomorrow.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   03/26/2001 03:22 PM 
 I just heard back from Jeff on these deals - apparently he's hiding his trade log now to keep his secrets safe! Well that didn't work too well for us today, because the two missing deals were right there at the bottom....with no deal numbers! Anyway, Jeff said he'd enter these in the morning, and if you hear anything from Prebon in the meantime, these are good deals.  Thanks, Kate 
 Kim - I've finished changing the list of deals you faxed over to no confirm. Please let me know if you continue to see these deals on your new deal report. I still had questions on some of the Short Term and Long Term Northwest deals. On those I will defer to Diana Scholtes. I also have questions on the following deals:  557772 - why are we not confirming a daily with Pacificorp? 552516 - why are we not confirming a daily with Riverside?  And there were two deals I couldn't for the life of me read on that fax, so you may still see deals showing up that don't necessarily need to be confirmed.   Diana - I know we had decided not to confirm deals done with Portland General Electric, but before I change the following deals to "no confirm" I want to clarify under what conditions we do not confirm with this counterparty. 1. If the counterparty is PGE and the delivery point is elsewhere (Mid-C, Montana System, etc.), do we confirm? 2. If the counterparty is something other than PGE and the delivery point is Portland General System, do we confirm? 3. If the counterparty is PGE and the delivery point is Portland General System, do we confirm? I apologize for asking so many questions, but I've got a long list of deals in front of me and before I create an irreparable mess I wanted to check that I'm doing this right. Please let me know.  553666 553667 553668 555174 555175 555177 555178 556365 556366 556367 556368 557665 557666 557667 557668 557734 558952 558957 558958 558959 558960  Thank you both for all your help.  Kate 
 I just entered these deals and backdated them -  562162 - buy Duke 562164 - sell Calpine  Sorry about the delay.  Kate 
 Following are EPMI weighted average trade prices for Tues., March 27. After discussing this e-mail with my manager, we've decided to only send the information previously sent via fax. If you have any questions on individual deals, please don't hesitate to call.  Thanks, Kate Symes Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 I've changed it to off-peak only. I was entering forward deals to exercise options yesterday, and they were all RTC besides this one - thanks for catching that. It should be good now.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   03/27/2001 11:52 AM 
 I am so sorry I slacked on this - I guess I didn't see you around the office and it just got bumped off the mental "list of things to do." Don't worry - I've transfered it to a hard copy list now. Enjoy!  Kate 
 We just found that the other two options we entered yesterday were NOT, in fact, round-the-clock deals. We've changed 547682.2 to on peak hours only, and 426659.2 to off peak hours only. All three deals will be included on our deal correction report, but I thought I'd give you a heads up.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   03/27/2001 11:52 AM 
 PREBON Matt Motley 562635  Jeff Richter 562556  Jeff Richter 562546 - corrected to 25 mw  BLOOMBERG Mike Driscoll 562546 - Mike would like to keep this as Pinnacle for now because that is the true counterparty - Bloomberg's system has not been updated  Tom Alonso did not do this deal (he did a BUY  with the same terms)  Sean Crandall 562641 
 Mike Driscoll is entering this ICE trade right now.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   03/27/2001 02:08 PM 
