handled. 
 Given the absences, conflicts and heavy work-loads, let's cancel the meeting scheduled for this morning. 
 The same people may be involved but there are tax savings achieved by passing all the derivatives through RMT. 
 Fred called & asked if we could move our lunch from Monday to Thursday or Friday.  Does Thursday work for you? 
 Stephanie:  Sorry I didn't see your response until today.  The prior tenant is moving out today so the house will be available as soon as I can get it cleaned up and any necessary repairs made.  Let me know if you'd like to see it.  Mark 
 Something must have happened in the transmission process - I can't make anything out of the info below. 
 You can ignore that last e-mail. 
 We have not decided "to prevent any regulated utility from completing any financial transactions" online.  If we have already satisfactorily concluded the necessary due diligence with respect to a particular utility, they will be approved.  It is only with respect to those utilities which have not yet been researched that we are withholding approval.  The due diligence required involves asking the utility for certain information concerning their organization and regulatory situation, hiring local counsel in the relevant state and having research done into the laws and regulations in place there and into any public utility commission orders respecting the particular utility in question, and on occasion requesting an opinion letter from the utility's counsel.  We usually begin that process only when a trader believes there is a likelihood of a sufficient volume of trading with the utility to justify the time and expense.  FYI, the due diligence process has in the past revealed circumstances which prevented the utility from trading derivatives or required actions to authorize such trading which had not been taken.  A recent count showed about 10 executed master agreements and another 30 to 40 in one stage or another of the due diligence/negotiation process. 
 Looks good to me.  Are we certain that all of the other traders plan to post daily volumes? 
 http://www.legaltechshow.com/software.html#s20 
 Looks good to me. 
 Good idea.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Thanks for your help last week.  Saturday night was a lot of fun! 
 What is the proposed process once Legal receives this kind of request? 
 How does the New Product Type Approval process work?  We have received several test messages but it is not clear how we look beyond the short description in the e-mail to see the long description (can the short description be set up as a hyperlink to the web-site?) or how we are supposed to respond (my attempted reply was rejected as undeliverable). 
 I noticed that ISDA is putting on a one-day course in London October 19 on Documenting and Confirming Credit Derivative Transactions.  If you are interested and haven't received the brochure, let me know and I can fax it to you. 
 Sorry for the delay - my e-mail has been down all day. 
 We may have some problems with derivatives trading in Mexico - see Tana's note from earlier today.  I'll start the process for the ETA & PA. 
 FYI 
 I was glad to see that the next Monmouth meeting was rescheduled for a time other than December.  I guess Monmouth is a little harder to get to than Chicago but it will be nice to see the campus again.  I'm going to be in New York Nov. 1 & 2.  Any chance of getting together?  Mark 
 The difficulty is in knowing which entites are regulated and which are not. For instance, ENA is an "unregulated" affiliate of a regulated utility (PGE).  But many utilities have energy services companies affiliates which, while not regulated utilities like San Diego Gas & Electric, are nevertheless heavily regulated.  We have tried to figure out what we can in the time available and have relied on readily available public inofrmation. 
 We are getting very excited about the BVI.  It's hard to believe it's only 5 weeks away.  I try to think about it whenever the stock market gets me depressed (which is happening with altogether too much frequency these days).  I see you guys got hit with a triple whammy today.  Oh well, can you say "buying opportunity"?  I'm coming to NYC for a conference in a couple of weeks - any chance you guys are free for dinner on Sunday the 31st?  We also need to talk about $ sometime soon since I made the final payment on the boat a couple of weeks ago.  Have you made your hotel arrangements (we still have a room reserved for you for the night of the 20th which you won't need if you've made other arrangements - and we can always get you a room there for the last night if you want)?   And there's still the beverage list (you did get my fax, didn't you?).  T. sends regards.  Hope you're well and not letting the market roller-coaster get you down (my mantra is "think long term, think long term, think long term").  Mark 
 Today's simulation has been postponed to next Wednesday.  Unfortunately, they have not yet opened the system to the entire web - you have to be on the Enron intranet to get access.  If you want to see it badly enough, I might be able to arrange something for you in our NY office (midtown) otherwise I'll let you know when they roll it out onto the web.  Mark 
 As far as I know, this is the policy for all online trading.  Did I miss something? 
 Let's go for dinner Monday night.  With any luck I'll be able to get to the airport for a plane back to Houston Tues. night. 
 The people at Derivatives Week assure me that we should have access to their web site (www.derivativesweek.com) by Wednesday.  User ID: enalegal Password: swap 
 Here are my comments. 
 Yes, without doubt.  The ETA can't be amended on a counterparty by counterparty basis and it says that any applicable master agreement will control.  Leslie Hansen is also working on a draft.  If you get something from Justin, please forward a copy to me and Leslie.  Thanks,  Mark 
 Here it is! 
 Please arrange - hopefully for Tuesday since Wed. may be hectic. 
 I fully agree with the "fade" effect.  But this looks right to me.  As I remember it, we were not totally happy with the Notional Quantity language but this was the best we could do.  We were going to make sure that whether the submitted volume was per day or per month was clearly reflected elsewhere in the long description.  Not elegant, but adequate. 
 Thanks for your reply.  I think I'd prefer something that's not hosted if possible.  I can definately spend more for something that's either very nice or very interesting.  Also prefer to avoid far reaches of upper east or west sides. 
 Thanks for your note.  Of the three you have listed, #1643 is probably a bit far from public transport for me.  #1671 is convenient to the business I have on Mon. & Tues. (what is Double SS?).  #1966 sounds like a fun location.  I'd be willing to spend more for a place that is particularly well furnished or interesting (any loft spaces?). 
 Sounds reasonable to me.  I'm afraid the difficult questions are the one you posed to Peter and whether or not Credit will agree. 
 It's been long enough since I spent any time in the city that I don't really know what the good places are now.  Il Mulino and Union Square Cafe were always favorites.  What do you think?  Just something to keep in mind as you are evaluating your investments:  The tribal wisdom of the Dakota Indians, passed on from one generation to the next, says that when you discover you are riding a dead horse, the best strategy is to dismount.  However, in modern business, because of the heavy investment factors to be taken into consideration, often other strategies have to be tried with dead horses, including the following:  1.   Buying a stronger whip. 2.   Changing riders. 3.   Threatening the horse with termination. 4.   Appointing a committee to study the horse. 5.   Arranging to visit other sites to see how they ride dead horses. 6.   Lowering the standards so that dead horses can be included. 7.   Appointing an intervention team to reanimate the dead horse. 8.   Creating a training session to increase the riders load share. 9.   Reclassifying the dead horse as living-impaired. 10.  Change the form so that it reads: "This horse is not dead." 11.  Hire outside contractors to ride the dead horse. 12.  Harness several dead horses together for increased speed. 13.  Donate the dead horse to a recognized charity, thereby deducting its full original cost. 14.  Providing additional funding to increase the horse's performance. 15.  Do a time management study to see if the lighter riders would improve productivity. 16.  Purchase an after-market product to make dead horses run faster. 17.  Declare that a dead horse has lower overhead and therefore performs better. 18.  Form a quality focus group to find profitable uses for dead horses. 19.  Rewrite the expected performance requirements for horses. 20.  Promote the dead horse to a supervisory position. 
 Ha Ha  The tribal wisdom of the Dakota Indians, passed on from one generation to the next, says that when you discover you are riding a dead horse, the best strategy is to dismount.  However, in modern business, because of the heavy investment factors to be taken into consideration, often other strategies have to be tried with dead horses, including the following:  1.   Buying a stronger whip. 2.   Changing riders. 3.   Threatening the horse with termination. 4.   Appointing a committee to study the horse. 5.   Arranging to visit other sites to see how they ride dead horses. 6.   Lowering the standards so that dead horses can be included. 7.   Appointing an intervention team to reanimate the dead horse. 8.   Creating a training session to increase the riders load share. 9.   Reclassifying the dead horse as living-impaired. 10.  Change the form so that it reads: "This horse is not dead." 11.  Hire outside contractors to ride the dead horse. 12.  Harness several dead horses together for increased speed. 13.  Donate the dead horse to a recognized charity, thereby deducting its full original cost. 14.  Providing additional funding to increase the horse's performance. 15.  Do a time management study to see if the lighter riders would improve productivity. 16.  Purchase an after-market product to make dead horses run faster. 17.  Declare that a dead horse has lower overhead and therefore performs better. 18.  Form a quality focus group to find profitable uses for dead horses. 19.  Rewrite the expected performance requirements for horses. 20.  Promote the dead horse to a supervisory position. 
 Thanks for your note - hope you have time for a little fun while you're in SF - or at least some good food.  The Moorings said they should be able to put your part on the credit card if you want.  Their number is 800-535-7289; our contract number is 507645 and it's under my name.  The guy I talked to said he'll have to call during regular business hours when the bookkeeping department is open.  Each person's share is currently $905.33.  That includes one night in the Moorings hotel so will go down by 55.50 or so if you decide not to stay there at all. Beverages are covered by a separate payment.  I'll be glad to fax the invoice when you get a number for me.  If you want to send me your check, that's fine, or Bruce can do it - makes no difference to me.  Regarding "connectedness,"  there were no internet cafes the last time I was there.  While that may have changed, there won't be more than one or two in the entire place, I'm sure.  Were you planning on bringing your laptop?  If so, it would make sense to find a 12 volt charger cable that will plug into a lighter socket or bring extra batteries - we won't have 110 volt current on the boat except the first - and maybe one other - night.  It will be easy to check voice mails since we will have a cell phone on board.  But it's not cheap (as I remember it it was $1/min. to receive a call from the States and $2/min. to place one) and I'm reasonably comfortable that you won't be able to plug into it.  I'm not sure if your US cell phone will work there or not. We can find out from the Moorings.  I have an international cell phone I'm bringing along that also has infrared capability.  Does your laptop have one of those ir receivers?  If so, I can bring along the software you need to work it with this phone.  Not to be defeatist and I'm sure the times have changed but I remember one trip 7 or 8 years ago where a friend needed to receive & send some faxes so we stopped at a little island hotel and asked if we could use their fax machine - they said yes but had never seen anyone send or receive more than a 2 or 3 page fax before and our 50 and 60 pagers soon ran the machine out of paper.  When we asked for more paper it turns out we had used the last piece on the island - they were not amused.  Ted asked me to remind you to be thinking about music.  Let me just add in the spirit of self-preservation that it's a good idea.  It's not safe to ignore this issue since if we leave him to his own devices we may not hear much other than Van Halen and Iron Maiden.  Obviously feel free to bring as many of your own cd's as you want & if you let us know what types of tunes you like we'll try and bring ours (if any) that match.  Don't worry too much about Ted's taste - I always insist that he bring along a Walkman & headphones!  Glad to hear the company is doing well, but just in case you need some ideas with some of your projects, I got this from a friend this morning:  The tribal wisdom of the Dakota Indians, passed on from one generation to the next, says that when you discover you are riding a dead horse, the best strategy is to dismount.  However, in modern business, because of the heavy investment factors to be taken into consideration, often other strategies have to be tried with dead horses, including the following:  1.   Buying a stronger whip. 2.   Changing riders. 3.   Threatening the horse with termination. 4.   Appointing a committee to study the horse. 5.   Arranging to visit other sites to see how they ride dead horses. 6.   Lowering the standards so that dead horses can be included. 7.   Appointing an intervention team to reanimate the dead horse. 8.   Creating a training session to increase the riders load share. 9.   Reclassifying the dead horse as living-impaired. 10.  Change the form so that it reads: "This horse is not dead." 11.  Hire outside contractors to ride the dead horse. 12.  Harness several dead horses together for increased speed. 13.  Donate the dead horse to a recognized charity, thereby deducting its full original cost. 14.  Providing additional funding to increase the horse's performance. 15.  Do a time management study to see if the lighter riders would improve productivity. 16.  Purchase an after-market product to make dead horses run faster. 17.  Declare that a dead horse has lower overhead and therefore performs better. 18.  Form a quality focus group to find profitable uses for dead horses. 19.  Rewrite the expected performance requirements for horses. 20.  Promote the dead horse to a supervisory position. 
 This issue comes up when the Credit Group is not happy with the credit provisions built into the already executed Master Agreement - they want the ability to use the GTC with the credit provisions that allow us to call for a letter of credit whenever we want to instead of having the online trade governed by the master (as provided for automatically in the ETA).  What do you think about Edmund's solution?  Mark 
 Would you be available to take Andrea Calo to dinner next Wednesday (the night before the Legal Conference)?  She is coming in a day early to meet & chat with people here. 
 Would you like me to set up some meetings for you with people here in the Houston office for the day before the Confernce?  If so, please let me know what your schedule is & I will ask my assistant to set up some times for you. 
 I had a voice mail from him Mon or Tues that said he would try and get into the office either today or tomorrow.  I expect he may be tied up with getting his son into the hospital and catching up with his wife so we may not see him til Monday. 
 I feel confident putting myself in your hands.  As long is it's not stratospheric, I should be able to get Enron to pick up the tab.  Please go ahead and book whatever you think would be good.  Just let me know when & where to go! 
 There is no organized transport to the Woodlands but it will be easy to make arrangements for you to ride with someone else leaving from the office - so I guess it makes sense for you to come in Thursday morning as well.  I'll try and set up a few meetings for you starting with lunch on Wednesday.  I was thinking primarily of lawyers here - anyone in particular you would like on the list? 
 Jeff, Alan & I will all be in a meeting at 10. 
 Would you please try and arrange for 30 min. meetings for Andrea Calo with as many of the following people as possible either Wednesday afternoon (from 2:00 to 6:00) or Thursday morning (from 9:00 to 10:30):  Mark Haedicke Jeff Hodge Dan Hyvl Michelle Blaine Rob Walls Scott Neal Pat Cini Elizabeth Sager Stacy Dickson Clement Abrams 
 I was planning to take her to lunch that day - you should feel free to take whoever you want. 
 As presently drafted the ETA provides that if a master agreement is in force covering a particular transaction, the master controls.  I don't think we ever adequately resolved the multiple Enron entity issue, though.  For example, if a counterparty has an ISDA Master Agreement in place with ENA, that master agreement could easily cover a trade based on UK gas prices. However, it is not the commercial people's intent that the system work that way.  They want every trade for a particular product to be with a single Enron entity (e.g. all UK gas transactions are with Enron Europe), regardless of what master agreements are in place.  To resolve this I suggest that the long descriptions be revised to state the Enron trading entity for each product type (this is already in place for European derivatives) and that the ETA be revised as follows:  revise the fifth line of paragraph (a) of Section 3 such that Transactions are governed by the short and long definitions in respect of a product "...and any master agreement between Counterparty and the Enron entity trading in such product on the Website which is in effect as of the date of the execution of such Transaction..."  (underlined text inserted)  I think this will please the commercial and tax people; any thoughts from the legal side? 
 I'm afraid I may never have called you back on this one - do we still need to discuss? 
 This probably needs to go on the utility form.  Assuming Watershed is gone, will you have time to start on this tomorrow? 
 My apologies but I'm afraid this one slipped through the cracks in my e-mail and I never responded - has this issue been addressed? 
 Did you ever hear back from the power people? 
 Please deliver my copies to the office.    Enron Capital Management 
 Here is Sullivan & Cromwell's reply. 
 Looks good to me.  Taffy: Please put these on the calendar. 
 Transacting  Question 4 - last line "accepted or rejected immediately upon receipt by the EnronOnline system" or "accepted or rejected by the EnronOnline system immediately upon receipt." Question 5 - similar comment - build in concept of processing immediately upon receipt by the system. Question 9 - Can the Master User give others Master User privileges or can traders within a company view each other's transactions if the Master User authorizes it?  If so, deleat Back Office User and substitute "and others authorized by your Master User".  If not, is it possible there will be more than one Back Office User?  I so, insert (s).  Products  Question 6 - last line "at the best price available on the EnronOnline system (if it is within the range you specify)"  Registration  Question 13 - still needs an answer.  Should it also apply to trader user ID's & passwords?  Legal   Question 3 - Password Application,not Agreement;  "framework for transactions carried out"  Earnings Related Questions - Will these be posted for all to see?  If so, we should have a Corp. lawyer look these over (SEC concerns).  These seem more appropriate as answers for PR and IR to have ready in case anyone asks.  You will no doubt recognize that I have exercised the utmost restraint - contrary to my every lawerly instinct - in commenting only on provisions that were identified as current changes. 
 What was this one about? 
 Plese print these out for the CFTC file. 
 I'm most concerned about the internet aspect of things now - this is new advice we are requesting and I would not expect it to be the lion's share of the expense - presumably the update portion will be relatively easy.    Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI 
 Thanks for taking care of that.  I'm glad the Moorings was able to accomodate us.  Will you guys be free to get together Sunday eve.? 
 Was your "Yes" an answer to my question or Bruce's?  I hope it was mine - any particular preferences/schedule issues?  I can bring some sailing stuff for you - cruising guide to the Virgin Islands and a couple of sailing videos if you want. 
 Bummer - thanks for letting me know. 
 Master Agreements will cover trades with that entity only.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Don't forget the first session of the Conference begins at 1:00 tomorrow afternoon.  Attire for the entire event is casual but since the room may be cool and we hope to have dinner outside, you may want a sweater or jacket. 
 These master agreements will work for any North American financial product. 
 Thanks for spelling it out for me.  I WILL be in NYC this weekend and, while I have done it before and found it to be all you describe, would enjoy going to the parade with you.  As I remember it, the trick to limiting the aggravating and full of people factor is deciding where to watch and when to be there.   The embarrassment factor is significantly reduced by refusing to participate in the actual parade oneself and not knowing any participants (or at least not acknowledging them as they pass).  Do you have the time and route?  Maybe we can grab a bite to eat somewhere nearby.  As far as getting in the mood goes, try http://www.bviwelcome.com/ (I should know how to make that a link but I don't).  I'll definitely bring the cruising guide and a map if I can find it.  None of the videos I have is right on point (either the wrong size boat is involved or they're too advanced) but I'll bring them along anyway.  I have mixed feelings about bringing  Heavy Weather Sailing - I don't want to unnecessarily alarm anyone but we do want G to go to the doctor for the Transderm Scop patch! 
 http://www.usatoday.com/weather/basemaps/nw785500.htm 
 I wish I could take credit for the link success but none of the things I was trying were what actually did it.  Seems that if you copy from Netscape and paste into this e-mail system it happens automatically.  Now this one is actually the result of extra geek effort on my part.  BVI Weather 
 There appears to be a brand new book out by David Brin (one of Tim's authors) called "Heaven's Reach" which I think is still only available in hardback. If you decide not to get it, please let me know and I may. 
 I wish I could take credit for the link success but none of the things I was trying were what actually did it.  Seems that if you copy from Netscape and paste into this e-mail system it happens automatically.  Now this one is actually the result of extra geek effort on my part: BVI Weather.  I'm leaving for a conference here in Houston now and may not be back in the office before leaving for NY.  I'll have my computer with me but am notorious for being incapable of accessing my e-mail on the road so telephone is probably the safest way to reach me from here on.  I check messages at the office fairly often.  (713)853-7459 (office) (713)863-7190 (home) (281)367-1100 (Woodlands Resort & Conference Center - tonight) (212)355-3000 (Waldorf - arriving Saturday afternoon)  Mark 
 Sorry I didn't get back to you sooner - was out on Thurs & Fri.  I'm here and at the Waldorf 355-3000 room 1151.  Still have time for that quick drink? 
 Agreed. 
 I'll be out 11/22, 23 & 24 
 I'm afraid I'm still the right guy.  My comments below in red. 
 Lucy:  Tana tells me you are looking for some guidance as to which Enron entity should be used for booking trading transactions with various counterparties. There are a couple of general rules that apply to "normal" trading circumstances and I'll spell them out below, but remember that these are not hard and fast rules and may go straight out the window when circumstances vary (even just a little bit) from "normal."  For example, abnormal situations exist where the trading transaction is in connection with another transaction with an Enron company (e.g. a financing or equity investment), the counterparty has a legally justifiable desire to trade with a certain Enron company, the product being traded is only traded by a particular Enron company or the counterparty is in a jurisdiction outside the country where we are trading (except as spelled out below).  Having said all that, the following rules (generally tax driven) can be used as general guidelines:  1. If there is no master agreement in place between the counterparty and an Enron company, the trade should be entered into on behalf of the Enron company based in the country where the Enron trader is when the trade is concluded and, if there is any hope of further trading with the counterparty, Credit and Legal should be notified to negotiate a master agreement.  Of course, if the counterparty is outside the country where we are trading, Legal should be consulted ahead of time (there are some countries where derivatives are actually illegal, special procedures must be followed or can't be done by us from the U.S.).  2. If there is a master agreement between the counterparty and either ENA or Enron Canada, and the Enron trader is in the U.S. or Canada, the trade should be entered into by the trader on behalf of the Enron company that is party to the master agreement.  If the trader is outside of the U.S. or Canada, other rules may apply.  3. If there is a master agreement between the counterparty and ECT International (usually only European counterparties), and the Enron trader is in the U.S. or the U.K., the trade should be entered into by the trader on behalf of ECT International.  Note that there are special considerations if the trader is in the U.K. based on U.K. regulatory issues (the trade is actually "arranged" by Enron Europe Finance and Trading Ltd. on behalf of ECT International).  If such a master exists but the trader is not in the U.S. or U.K., the trade should be handed off to a trader located in one of those two countries for final negotiation and execution.  It would be a good idea to consult with Legal or Tax if this comes up for more specific advice.  These general rules relate to which Enron entity should be the legal counterparty to the transactions.  This doesn't determine where within the Enron family the actual risk should ultimately reside.  If we want the risk to be in an Enron company other than the Enron counterparty for contractual purposes, an intercompany transaction should be booked (probably through RMT) to get the risk in the right place. 
 Looks good to me. 
 Thanks for the joke - it's getting lots of laughs! 
 Tana forwarded the following message on to me since she will be out of the office for the next week or so.  We are not familiar with any of these companies or their activities or operations.  You might want to check with Kate Cole's office to see what she knows. 
 Here are my comments - mostly minor. 
 I don't have anything handy - I suggest you contact Paige Grumulaitis. 
 I sent Dave comments on his last three additions yesterday and on the full version e-mailed to me (10/29) this afternoon.  Is the version I looked at the final one or were there subsequent changes to review? 
 keeping my fingers crossed..... 
 "bunnies"?  BUNNIES? 
 Would it work if we picked you up in the USVI?  I know it's possible to fly into St. Thomas either directly from New York or through San Juan and you could take a ferry to St. John (still part o the USVI) where we could pick you up.  It's a bit of a hassle since we have to clear the boat into the US and then back to the BVI but I've done it a couple of times before.  The timing might be difficult since we can't possibly get the boat to St. John before the afternoon of the 22nd.  If you're nervous about sailing into the BVI, we could stick around St. John for a few days.  You might check the cruising guide & see what it says about the US side of things - places to go/anchor, etc. 
 Looks like this one is for me to review.  They will be sending these to all of us so that whenever one of us is out, we can let the others know to forward these on to whomever is appropriate.  We're supposed to get back to them within 24 hours. 
 There appear to have been some changes that were not made in the Canadian Long Descriptions.  Dave Forster will be forwarding them to you.  Please resend the language once those changes are incorporated.  Thanks!  Mark 
 Bummer - I had no idea the USVI wasn't considered part of the US - I'm assuming when you say "on the way back in" you mean from the USVI to the mainland since we could try to arrange things to avoid going back to the BVI while you were with us if that made a difference.  I don't have any leads on a possible stand-in, but don't really want one either since we've our hearts set on YOU.    Hopefully the lawyer can figure out a way to speed things up.  As a last resort, maybe we should check with Greg for a replacement since that's who he'll have to bunk with.  You have to be reasonably careful about such choices since you will be spending your holiday in pretty close contact with them.   It may also be a bit late to find transport to that part of the world; any hope of transferring the ticket in your name to someone else? 
 I have 4 tickets to the Thursday, November 18 Rockets vs. Sacramento Kings game (7:30 start).  Section 125, Row G. 
 Susan:  This is not urgent, but when you have a minute, please check and see what research we have done with local counsel in the Czech Republic.  I'm wondering in particular if they were part of our survey regarding European derivatives law. 
 Donna:  My comments are included below.  These are just suggestions and you can take them or leave them as you will.  Mark 
 Do you have time to compare this opinion to our current form?  Justin tells me he started from a form that was a year or more old. 
 I will give you a call to discuss.  Mark 
 Francisco & Lou:  Here is the reply from Figueroa Sierra.  Sorry for the delay in forwarding this on to you.  Mark 
 Agricultural product options are not permitted. 
 I think S&C is fine - they are helping us with CFTC issues related to online trading and Energy Desk.com seems somwhat related. 
 Here's the current forecast for Lenny.  Shouldn't be  a major problem for us but I feel for folks scheduled to go down there tomorrow and Thursday.  Bruce - we're still keeping our fingers crossed that your permit will come through.  Are you sure you've got the right lawyer working on this?  Seems like he ought to be able to shake it loose somehow.  Anything at all we can do from here? 
 The Moorings people asked me to call back tomorrow when they'll have a better idea about the storm situation - they canceled all of their charter starts for today & tomorrow (no surprise) and she expected Thursday's to cancel also.  They still have everything for the weekend scheduled to go out but they weren't supposed to confirm any hotel rooms between now and Saturday. They were able to confirm a room for you for Sunday the 28th (the day we have to bring the boat back).  I'll let you know what happens when I get through to them tomorrow.  Mark 
 David - We'r trying to get through to you on the phone but can't get across the Atlantic.  Can you try calling us?  I'm at 713 - 853-7459 & Jeff is at 713-853-6911.  Thanks 
 Just for your background info, the other reason we use deemed ISDAs on the interest rate & currency deals is that the omnibus was really drafted with commodity deals in mind.  I'd have to go back and look at it to see if it would work at all for an interest rate or currency deal.  Do you think I should do that?  Hopefully not or at least not til after 1/1.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 David - as to your point 2, we have used the "Deemed ISDA" appraoch for weather derivatives.  I see no reason we can't do something similar in Australia for power.  I've atached an example (but I'm not sure it is thefinal version).  Mark 
 Andrea Calo and Cecilia are not in the system to allow me to add them to your review.  Can you ask them to fill out the form and send it on to me (e-mail is fine).  The others were in the system and they should be able to fill everything out on their computers. 
 Please see the following note from Sheila Walton.  She has asked that the forms be returned to her by November 25th.  They can be sent interoffice mail or by e-mail.  Thanks,  Mark 
 It does make sense that there shouldn't be a problem with traveling to the USVI; since you have to clear immigration to get in there from the BVI I wouldn't expect to have to clear again when you go back to the mainland or Puerto Rico.  We haven't spent much time sailing in the USVI so it would be an exploratory trip for us - not at all a bad thing.  We can't get the boat to the USVI till Monday (charter doesn't start till noon on Sun. and there's tons of work getting all the food/drinks/ice etc. put away).  Best bet is to pick Bruce up in St. John - Charlotte Amalie on St. Thomas is reputed to be a large, busy commercial port - a great place for yachts to play dodge-em with the cruise ships (not fun).  There is regular ferry service from St. Thomas to St. John.  We won't be there before noon on Monday.  I just got off the phone with Greg so hopefully AA can do the right thing here! 
 Bruce - I just had another thought (they come so rarely I feel a need to pass them along as soon as it happens).  The Full Moon party we discussed before is on Nov. 23.  Unfortunately it is in the BVI.  If your lawyer can get the permit by Monday and Fed Ex it to us, we could still get over there (Bomba's Shack is on the western end of Tortola - reasonably close to the USVI).  The boat will have a cell phone but we won't have a number till Sunday at the earliest.  Be sure to bring the lawyer's number so we can call him Monday.  Mark  P.S.  -  My sympathies on your day at Federal Plaza.  My imagination isn't up to the task of conjuring how miserable that must have been. 
 Yes - and boats.  I wasn't too worried until the last update which indicates the storm has lost forward momentum and is just drifting out there - just barely east of due south of the BVI.  They are predicting that it will resume its course in the morning and I sure hope so but anything can happen.  As of the middle of this afternoon, the Moorings was planning to let the Friday charter starts go for sure - maybe even tomorrow's! 
 You have to be careful reading those reports - the 145mph number is the current maximum wind speed - right at the eye wall - which is well to the south-east of St. Thomas.  The Weather channel this morning showed local radar indicating a lot of rain in the US 7 BVI but the storm center was pretty far away.  The real question is what direction will it go from here. If it heads out to the north east as predicted, no problems.  If it takes a turn to the north, direct hit.  I hadn't hard about the state of emergency but that could be due to rain related damage.  Many storm sites available: http://www.atwc.org/ http://www.gopbi.com/weather/storm/ http://www.geocities.com/CapeCanaveral/1126/current.html http://weather.yahoo.com/graphics/tropical/tropical_html/atlantic/forecast_adv isory.html http://www.usatoday.com/weather/huricane/1999/atlantic/wstorm1.htm http://www.weather.com/weather_center/  In case you need it to decipher some of the coordinates, the BVI is at roughly 18 25' N 64 40' W St. Thomas is closer to 18 20' N 65 W 
 Interesting damage reports - particularly from St. Croix.  I had been looking at the cruising guide when I got home last night to see where we might be able to poke around in the USVI.  I seem to remember that the Moorings won't let us take the boat to St. Croix (a bit far away) but had thought we might want to get special permission.  Now I'm not so sure if the place will still be all ahoo when we get there.  It might not have been the entire group's cup of tea in any event since it would take a good solid day of sailing each way to and from St. John.  My impression is that I might be the only soul on board who would relish that thought - particularly if the seas are still a bit rough from storm effects.  I'm watching the national Weather Service updates as they come out - roughly every two hours.  Caution on the Fed Ex package for the doorman - USVI may be the US for INS purposes but not for Fed Ex - they require an international waybill for deliveries there.  You can have the package sent to their Cruz Bay office to be held for pick-up (two day service - guaranteed by 4 pm) or to St. Thomas airport (next day service by 2 pm).  I mentioned in a previous note that the main harbor in St. Thomas is not really yacht friendly but we could probably figure out a way to get in there if that works out best (maybe go into a different bay, dinghy ashore and get a cab to the airport).  Fed Ex - (800) 247-4747  Mark 
 Good News:  Lenny weakening - max. winds down to 130 mph and pressure rising Bad News:  The darn thing won't get moving - still just drifting a bit to the north & east  It's hard to describe which islands we care about on those maps - they're all so small they almost don't show up on the maps.  Luckily St. Thomas is to the west and a bit north of Lenny's current position  Here is a San Juan radar image that has St. Thomas marked and one of th recent forecasted path maps. 
 Should I have received a copy already?  I don't remember seeing it. 
 I just got this update (emphasis added) - these coordinates put the storm just a tad south and a good (but not comfortable) bit east of St. Thomas & Tortola.  If it stays on this track, things will only improve in the VI. 
 t-shirts & bathing suits (daytime) polo/surf shirts & shorts (evening wear) beach towel (you may want to wait & buy this down there) boat shoes or sneakers sunglasses (polarized are best) prescription medication sunscreen! books music CDs camera & film snorkel mask & fins (your own will be better than the ones that come with the boat - give us your shoe size if you're not bringing your own) a few zip-lock bags may come in handy for packing wet items waterproof wallet is good to take along some $ if you decide to swim from boat to shore instead of taking dinghy  The Moorings should be able to tell you how to get from the USVI to their base on Tortola.  It may be either a combination of ferry to West End (aka Soper's Hole) Tortola and then a cab to the base in Road Town or a ferry straight to Road Town.  I don't really know.  I'm also no help on how often they run or how long they take.  If you can be at the Moorings by 11 or 11:30 Sunday morning that would be perfect.  Do you have contact info for your hotel in St. Thomas? 
 I have one change to suggest - see attached.     Enron North America Corp. 
 I may have a few minor drafting comments but this otherwise looks pretty good to me.  What do you think? 
 Test message. 
 I may not understand the question, but Legal does not need to be informed of each ETA that is executed. 
 My only concern is that the letter may not adequately tie the master agreement referred to and the products affected in a situation where we have more than one master (covering different commodities or transaction types) with the same counterparty.  I can imagine a situation where Credit doesn't want us to use a physical master but the financial master is ok or vice versa.  I mentioned this to Bob and he will watch for situations where Credit is only "turning off" one master in a multiple master setting.  We should also be listing each master affected if Credit wants to turn them all off. 
 Is this something you know anything about? 
 As you know, I will be out of the office next week.  I will have the cell phone with me:  011 44 7881 512 535  but unfortunately no way to recharge the thing after Sunday morning and no guarantee that it works in the Virgin Islands.  I suggest that if you try that number and do not get an answer that you NOT leave a message there.  It will be much more likely to get to me if you leave it here at the office (x37459).  There will be a cell phone on the boat, however, and I will call my assistant in Houston (Taffy - x57373) Monday morning with the number. 
 Jan:  Please print the attachments for me.  Thanks,  Mark 
 As you know, I will be out of the office next week.  I will have the cell phone with me:  011 44 7881 512 535  but unfortunately no way to recharge the thing after Sunday morning and no guarantee that it works in the Virgin Islands anyway.  I suggest that if you try that number and do not get an answer that you NOT leave a message there. It will be much more likely to get to me if you leave it here at the office (x37459).  There will be a cell phone on the boat, however, and I will call Taffy (x57373) Monday morning with the number. 
 That time works fine for me.  I am in EB3889. 
 I suggest you insert "with respect to the Transactions" after the word "Counterparty" in the second line of paragraph 1.  Otherwise they look great to me.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Canada Corp. 
 From a financial trading perspective, the Credit Group is reviewing each potential counterparty and will not approve any counterparty that is not an "Eligible Swap Participant" (as defined in federal regulations as over a certain size) from trading derivatives.  Generally speaking, they don't approve customers that are smaller than that for any trading from a credit perspective but that is up to them. 
 Thanks for taking care of this.  Sorry I was not reachable. 
 Test reply. 
 Works for me. 
 We have been working on a somewat revised version of the online "override" letter.  What do you think? 
 We have an executed master agreement with Engage Energy Canada L.P. which we received signed around the end of August 1999. 
 A couple more to print, please. 
 That's fine with me - we're taking that approach on the "override" letters that override existing master agreements. 
 I'm still concerned about the circularity of the letter indicating that the GTC will control but then the GTC says the master will control.... 
 Here are my comments.  Do you want to add anything about the reason for this?  I don't think it's necessary from a legal point of view but might soften the letter a bit. 
 This phone number doesn't work - do you have another? 
 These are ok with me if Agency.com has approved.  How will PR be handling #3? 
 This is during our meeting with Michael Guerriero.  Would you prefer that I cover the ISDA call?    Enron North America Corp. 
 Hi Bruce!  Ted took his first steps back to solid foods on Monday night.  He was so sick when we left you on Saturday that we had to motor the whole way back to Tortola and put him ashore for Saturday night.  We made our flight on Sunday and he went to the Dr. on Monday.  They think it was probably food poisoning but I don't see why nobody else got it.  Greg's expenses should certainly be part of the common fund.  There were a few other common expenses we haven't settled up on yet - Ted had a few groceries and a dinner and I paid for the beverage order).  I'll get Ted's numbers when I get home tonight and do a tally which I can send tomorrow. Let me know if you think of anything else.  When I first get back I usually feel the room swaying when it is small and enclosed (like an interior conference room or the shower).  It's a sure sign you were acclimatised to the boat! 
 I'm not sure which e-mail address you are using so I figured I'd send to both.  Here is my itinerary for Christmas travel:  Friday 12/24    Continental 4126  Leaves Houston 7:55 am  Arrives Cincinnati 11:20 am Sunday 12/26  Continentat 4122  Leaves Cincinnati 5:45 pm  Arrives Houston 7:25 pm  These are Continental Express flights - I don't know if that makes a difference in terminals in Cincinnati or not - it does in Houston.  I got your message at home, my SSN is ********* 
 Here is the draft of the amendment letter.  Please let me know if it is acceptable and I will have it executed. 
 Enron rings opening bell for bandwidth exchange By Corey Grice Staff Writer, CNET News.com December 2, 1999, 5:40 p.m. PT  The opening bell has rung for a new kind of exchange. The currency? Bandwidth.  A subsidiary of energy industry giant Enron, Enron Communications, today opened the doors to a bandwidth commodity exchange. The company first announced its intention to sell space on high-speed networks as a commodity in May.  Traditional commodity exchanges sell goods like oil, natural gas and grain. Enron has taken this concept and given it a telecommunications spin, offering space on high-speed networks to communications carriers.  In the past, carriers looking to fill holes or service gaps in their networks would have had to enter long-term contracts with other carriers to fulfill their bandwidth needs. The exchange, Enron says, acts as a sort of middleman for carriers to find short-term contracts or quick fixes as they complete network construction or try to manage heavier-than-expected network traffic.  For example, Global Crossing plans to sell capacity on a high-speed fiber optic link between New York and Los Angeles over the exchange.  Enron also expects to start an international bandwidth trading market next May.  Separately, RateXchange, a similar bandwidth exchange, demonstrated its own commodities trading system at a telecommunications conference in New York today.  RateXchange predicts that the trading of bandwidth and other telecommunications products could become a $8 billion market by 2002. 
 Here are my drafts of letters for ECT and Seagull regarding the transfer of Seagull's positions at E.D.&F. Man.   Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Here's my letter.  Any comments? 
 My comments below in red. 
 Jeff:  Here are the draft definitions and the list of which companies are to review which definitions.  They have asked for our comments by the 15th (next Wednesday).  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks!  Mark 
 Sorry we've been out of touch lately.  We were on vacation (sailing in the Virgin Islands) the week of Thanksgiving and were pretty busy getting ready for it the week or two before that.  There was a big swim meet in San Antonio last weekend that T wanted to see so we drove out for that (yawn).  I didn't even know you were leaving BA!  I knew you had been sort of looking around for a while but didn't realize you had made a decision.  What's the story?  We're planning to have people over (it's the egg nog time of year) on the 18th - I'm guessing 8 - 10 pm but we'll let you know the details. 
 Sorry for the delay on getting back to you - looks good to me. 
 http://www.forsalebyowner.com/cgi-bin/searchHome.cgi?iHomeID=3620274&iPhotoNum =1 
 11:30 (10:30 Central) works for me. 
 Thursday afternoon and Wednesday both look pretty good for me so far. 
 Here is a draft letter to the Exchange requesting permission to effect the Seagull transfer. 
 I left a voice mail for Paul but have not heard back yet. 
 I have spoken with Martin and he is going to forward some proposed language to me.  I will need to draft a reply letter to try and solve their issue. 
 You assume correctly. 
 Your understanding is correct - the trades are binding on the legal entity holding the user id and password.  Any trades done which either the counterparty or we want to be with a different entity should be assigned pursuant to a written assignment agreement.  If the counterparty continues to misuse the system, maybe we should deny access to the types of products particular entities are not "supposed" to trade. 
 Excellent solution! 
 Lucy:  Cemex has previously signed a confidentiality agreement with us based on our form of agreement.  Their form is significantly more burdensome for us.  I would prefer that we send our form and let them know that it is substantially similar to one previously executed in connection with another matter.  Mark 
 Hi Marc!  Yes, we're having a few friends over Sat. night for "Holiday Cheer" which at our house means cocktails by the Christmas tree and maybe some of my wonderful-tasting but horrible-for-you egg nog.  We'd love to see you guys. It's just an 8 to 10 kind of thing so even if you have other parties to go to, you could make this one the kick-off.  The extent of FABULOUS in our Y2K plans is in the price of the bottle of champagne we're going to share at home that night.  I asked T if we should plan anything and got the "quiet night at home" reply.  That, of course, will change to "Why didn't you plan anything?!" around 12/29 or 30.  How's BMC?  What are you doing for them?  Do you know Clayton Williams?  I think he still works there.  Give us a call so we can catch up.  Tell G we said hi & hope to see you Saturday! 
 Looks good to me. 
 Any chance of getting the confirms to say "Ashland Inc. through its Ashland Specialty Chemicals Comapny division"?    Enron North America Corp. 
 Can you take care of this for me? 
 Here is the Confidentiality Agreement we signed last year. 
 CSC is Computer Science Corp. Joel's number is x57723. 
 Some of these are not final. 
 I would like to consider some counterparty-specific agreement to solve this problem.  What do you think of a side agreement among both KN entities and Enron which specifies that a user ID and password have been issued to both of KN's legal entities jointly and severally and that transactions for certain products (e.g. all financial products) entered into under that user ID and password will be deemed executed by KN Trading (their financial trading entity) and all others will be deemed executed by KN Marketing (their physical entity)?  Do you see any problems here?  Issues re: joint & several liability under the ETA but not the Transactions?  Let me know if you need further clarification of the problem.  I haven't run this by Louise yet - she may raise system or commercial objections.  Mark 
 My comments are marked below in red. 
 Same "calendar day" comment on the Gas Daily index.  "Succeeding" should have two c's.  On the Nymex index, what are we taking the "unweighed average" of?  This isn't clear to me.  Should "la" towards the end be capitalized? 
 Can you please check on this?  I thought we had wire-transferred the money to Sullvian & Cromwell. 
 Looks good to me! 
 Green 
 As per Gary's request, here is the revised letter.  If you will send the executed copies to me, I will arrange to have them signed on behalf of Enron. 
 Good catch!  And I agree, we're done. 
 You can send it to :  Mark Taylor Enron North America - EB3889 1400 Smith Street Houston, TX 77002  Thanks! 
 Adele:  Here is a draft of a letter agreement amending the online Electronic Trading Agreement.  Please let me know if it is ok and I will have a copy executed and faxed over to you.  My apologies for the delay - I thought I had sent this to you last week but I can't find any record of it so I must not have done it.  Mark 
 Where do I go to see the products? 
 Sorry for the delay in getting back to you.  I never did come up with a good solution last year to the "cat climbing the Christmas tree" problem except fastening the glass ornaments really tight so when she climbed up inside the tree they didn't shake off.  This year she seems content to just hide underneath the tree and hasn't been climbing up inside it - maybe she's just gotten too big.  I agree that the mouse traps sound mean - what about double-sided tape?  I understand the cats hate stepping on the sticky stuff so will leave the area alone afterwards (this was suggested as a discouragement to jumping on kitchen countertops but might work under the tree).  And of course, the lower branches of the tree are reserved for wooden and metal ornaments - nothing breakable. 
 Cindy:  We have the signed letters - where should we send them? 
 Here is an example of what such a letter might look like which may satisfy several of the concerns you raised in our call this afternoon. 
 Paul:  It seems to me these types of transactions (at least new ones) could be covered by an ISDA with some creative confirm work on our part.  It's certainly not necessary for us to wait for ISDA to get its act together (it may be quite a wait) - we can come up wit our own definitions.  The financial power trades might be something of a stretch but we have never had the question fully reviewed.  I guess this is another matter to keep in mind as the power pool is restructured:  to the extent we have any influence over the resulting structure, it would be nice if it fit easily into a standard financial trading structure.  Just random thoughts.  Mark 
 Let me check with Mr. B.  I don't think we have any specific plans - probably last minute shopping/wrapping.  We're both leaving on Thurs. and returning on Sun. 
 I do have some issues with the proposed language and will be discussing the details with Dale tomorrow. 
 How do you want to handle these? 
 Until we have determined a legal structure that works for this trading (e.g. Chinese walls, public vs. private reference credits, etc.) I would encourage caution in how far you go with specific names.  Once they are tainted, it may not be possible to cleanse the situation sufficiently to trade on them for some time.  When would you like to go to New York to meet with Sullivan & Cromwell?  Let me know and I will set something up.  Mark 
 This looks fine to me.  Is this the way our confirmations read for telephone trades?  If not, do we need to make this change there also?  Mark 
 Looks good to me - It should probably get one last look by Mike Corbally, too. 
 That's fine with me - I don't anticipate any problems at this point.  Don't worry about losing days, though.  We can always make under the table adjustments next month if necessary. 
 There are conflicts for the 2:00 time slot and so many year-end deals taking up everyone's time and attention that I think it makes sense to reschedule for a later date. 
 Mark H. has asked me to prepare an outline of an "acceptable" regulatory framework for OTC energy derivatives that we could use as a fallback position next year.  Here is a draft I've come up with.  Any suggestions? 
 Friday at 10 looks good to us. 
 Thanks for your Christmas letter.  It was good to see how Celena has grown!  I'll be back in NYC Jan. 6 & 7 - any hope for dinner or at least a drink on Thurs. eve.?  My flight is scheduled to get in around 6:45 pm.  Mark 
 Mark,  You might want to check with Paul on this.  How have we arranged our IPE trading?  Since we are talking about exchange-traded contracts here, not dealing with customers, it may be possible to use an entity other than EEFT.  Hope all is well.  Mark 
 Louise - If you are back in Houston I'd like to get together and discuss the credit derivatives project.  Otherwise, maybe we can chat by phone?  Mark 
 I see what you mean.  Another thing we need to consider is whether or not this is part of our market maker status for the exchange - do you know if Bob wants Steve's activities in London to be part of that? 
 I did havea brief conversation with Janice about this but don't remember her conclusions.  For financial transactions we are attaching the GTC's.  That is the way we handle the regular telephone trading and in an attempt to make the online trading look as much like telephone trading as possible we continue the tradition.  If in current liquids trading the terms and conditions are not sent as part of the confirm (where there is no master in place) I don't know why we need to attach them for online trading.  If the back office needs a Word version of the GTC to make their job easier there should be no problem getting one for them. 
 Sounds good to me. 
 It's ok with me.  Please check with Tana and Susan as well. 
 I agree completely, have talked to the Mayors Office - Citizens' Assistance Office, the Traffic & Transportation Dept. (who gave me Ms. Dorsey's name) and have written to Ms. Dorsey.  I suggest you also complain to our City Council member and the other at-large members.  Since Dorsey is the Bikeway Coordinator, she won't have much incentive to do away with a designated bikeway but Council members want our votes:  GABRIEL VASQUEZ gvasquez@cnl.ci.houston.tx.us - I think he represents the Heights ANNISE D. PARKER aparker@cnl.ci.houston.tx.us - I think Gordon has already written to her GORDON QUAN gquan@cnl.ci.houston.tx.us ORLANDO SANCHEZ osanchez@cnl.ci.houston.tx.us CHRIS BELL cbell@cnl.ci.houston.tx.us CARROLL G. ROBINSON crobinso@cnl.ci.houston.tx.us  The last 5 are "at-large" members of the council.  I got all of these from the City web site so I can't be sure it's a current list.  Another argument for two lanes on Heights is that with only one lane, some percentage of traffic will divert itself to side streets making them less safe for residents there.  And p.s. the argument that this lane is designed for use by bicycle commuters is particularly empty since the lane doesn't go anywhere - there's no connecting route at either end that I am aware of - do they expect all these hypothetical bicycle commuters to get on I 10? 
 I have now heard back from Ken Raisler's office that the only time he has left next week is Thursday morning.  Does that work for you guys? 
 It looks like this didn't go through last night. 
 We sent ISDA our comments a couple of weeks ago.  I have resent them to Corinne this morning and sent a copy to you.    Enron North America Corp. 
 We are scheduled at Ken Raisler's office at 9:00 on Thursday.  The address is 125 Broad Street (on the eastern end of Broad St. - right by the East River).  See you there! 
 Any thoughts on this Platt's issue? 
 I called and asked for an information packet on the Enron insurance plan (it is through MetLife) last week.  I will let you know as soon as it comes.  Thanks for the update on Tim & Sharon.  I guess the down-side of a 2 year old is that she may already have a fairly well formed personality, but the up-side is they will know she is healthy and she is still young enough to learn a new language easily.  Feel free to let me know when the bank statement comes - I seem to remember that we came up with a scheme to deal with that last year.  I'll bet we can do it again!  And until then we can just bask in the light of this amazing run in the ENE stock price - wow! 
 January 7, 2000   Writer Patrick O'Brian Dies at 85   A.P. INDEXES: TOP STORIES | NEWS | SPORTS | BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | ENTERTAINMENT   Filed at 3:21 p.m. EST  By The Associated Press  LONDON (AP) -- Patrick O'Brian, whose celebrated novels of 19th century seafaring won praise from critics and the loyalty of legions of readers, has died. He was 85.  O'Brian died in Dublin, Ireland, where he had been working on a book for several weeks at Trinity College. The cause of death was not given and there were conflicting reports of the date.  The British Embassy in Paris said O'Brian died Tuesday, but newspapers and the news agency Press Association said he died Sunday. O'Brian had lived in France since 1949.  O'Brian's major work was a 20-volume series set in the Royal Navy during the Napoleonic wars.  A deep knowledge of naval history and 19th century life enabled him to evoke a time and place so vividly that, in this era of supersonic jets and smart bombs, his readers were gripped by the slow-motion suspense of sea battles fought under sail.  The series, begun in 1969 with ``Master and Commander,'' is the story of the friendship between a bold and ambitious navy officer, Jack Aubrey, and the ship's surgeon Stephen Maturin, a naturalist and secret agent who doesn't much like sailing.  Although the books were well-reviewed and found an enthusiastic readership from the start, it wasn't until the 1990s that they achieved wide recognition abroad and were lifted out of the ``historical fiction'' genre in which they generally were reviewed.  In 1991, a New York Times critic called O'Brian ``the best novelist you have never heard of.''  ``Patrick O'Brian has written great and enduring literature which happens to be set largely at sea,'' the Sunday Telegraph wrote in 1997, praising ``the intensity of characterization, the complex elegance of the plotting, and the brilliance of the writing.''  O'Brian also proved that, in the hands of a skilled writer, specialist language need not be an obstacle to understanding. Readers who can't remember which side of a ship is starboard still can feel the frantic activity on deck as the sails unfurl and catch the wind, and the excitement as a man-of-war turns to engage the enemy.  A lexicon explaining O'Brian's nautical terminology was published, but O'Brian didn't think definitions important.  ``Ignorance of the cross-catharpins is not necessarily fatal,'' he once said. ``Explanation almost certainly would be.''  O'Brian's fans range from actor Charlton Heston to critic John Bayley, a former Oxford professor of literature who wrote that O'Brian's ``originality consists in the unpretentious use he makes of (history) to invent a new style of fiction.''  ``No other writer,'' Bayley wrote, ``not even Melville, has described the whale and the wandering albatross with O'Brian's studious and yet lyrical accuracy.''  O'Brian guarded his privacy, and in his few interviews resisted questions about his personal life.  He was born Dec. 12, 1914, in Chalfont St. Peter, west of London, and it wasn't until 1998 that he was revealed to be the son of an English doctor and not an Irishman as had been widely believed, the Daily Telegraph said in an obituary Friday.  The newspaper said O'Brian was born Richard Patrick Russ, but changed his name in 1945. During his school years, he was frequently ill, spending much time reading. His writing career began at age 15, when he published a book about the union of a giant panda and a snow leopard.  During World War II, O'Brian drove ambulances and worked briefly with Britain's Political Intelligence Department.  In 1949, he and his second wife, Mary, moved to Collioure, southern France. His first seafaring novel was ``The Golden Ocean'' in 1956, about a Pacific expedition.  O'Brian's Aubrey-Maturin series was already well under way in Britain by the beginning of the 1990s, when editor Starling Lawrence of the American publisher W.W. Norton chanced to read one on a flight home.  The rest, as they say, is publishing history.  Several years ago, the writer said he would end the series with the 20th book, but last month he said he was working on volume 21, the Daily Telegraph reported.  O'Brian also wrote biographies of Picasso and naturalist Sir Joseph Banks. A linguist, he translated the work of French writers Simone de Beauvoir and Colette.  O'Brian was made a Commander of the Order of British Empire in 1995.  Funeral plans were not announced. He is survived by a son, Richard, from his first marriage. 
 Here is a revised version - let me know what you think. 
 Adele,  Here is a revised version.  Let me know what you think.  Mark 
 This will summarize our conversation this morning in which you asked if there was a problem with your purchase of an equity investment (through a private placement) in an internet/communications company.  My response was that Enron prohibits the trading by employees of (i) any security on the Restricted List maintained by the Compliance Group, (ii) any security, instrument or commodity within that employees area of responsibility and (iii) any energy commodity.  I suggested that you contact Donna Lowry to confirm both my understanding and that the security in question is not on teh Restricted List.  While I did not mention it on the phone, I should point out that it would be unwise to take a position in a competitor of Enron's that would (or might in the future) give you control or the appearance of control or influence over the management of that competitor. 
 Good idea! 
 This letter goes a good bit further than we have with any of the North American counterparties negotiating the ETA in that it identifies only those portions of the ETA that control over the masters rather than identifying those provisions which are subject to the masters.  In my view there are really only very few places where we do not want the ETA to govern.  Most of the agreement relates to the use of the website itself and to that extent there either should be no conflict with the master or if, by some tortured interpretation there is a conflict, the ETA should control.  In one case I had to go through the entire ETA with the counterparty's lawyer, paragraph by paragraph, to identify those provisions where we would be willing to allow the master to control.  The only sections we had to amend were the first sentence of section 3(e) (regarding confirmations - this may be different in the UK version), the confidentiality provisions and the notice provisions of section 6(e).  And of course nearly every counterparty making comments has insisted that the indemnity provisions be scaled back to one extent or another.  Maybe if PowerGen is intransigent, they would be willing to add a sentence to the letter indicating that the ETA will control regarding the acess to and use of the website.  In an attempt to differentiate between our contractual trading arrangements and our agreement concerning the use of the website, perhaps Paragraph 3(a) can read something like "Except as set forth under paragraph 3.(b) and (c) below, in the event of any conflict between the ETA and the master agreement, with respect to the terms of any Transactionthe master agreement shall prevail.  If we have to use this letter, my only other suggestion to the language would be to refer in paragraph numbered 1 to "The agreements listed beloweach comprises a" or better yet "Each agreement listed below is a" rather than "The agreements listed below comprise the". 
 We need to revise the Counterparty Matrix procedures.  Counterparties with a North American financial master agreement should only map to North American financial products (including all weather and paper transactions). Therefore, please revise the counterparty matrix to reflect that those counterparties with a North American master map to GTC's for European derivative transactions.  Please call me or Tana if you have any questions.  Thanks!  Mark 
 I'm off to New York for a meeting but thought you might like to see this:  Wednesday January 12, 11:30 am Eastern Time  RESEARCH ALERT - Enron price target raised  NEW YORK, Jan 12 (Reuters) - Schroder & Co Inc said Wednesday it raised Enron Corp's (NYSE:ENE - news) price target to $75 from $60 and cut 2000 earnings per share estimates.  -- raised price target because ``as the bandwidth trading market unfolds over the next 12 months, we anticipate that an additional $15 of value will be created for shareholders, with considerably greater value possible as the market develops.''  -- cut 2000 estimates to $1.45 per share from $1.55 "due to fine-tuning." -- introduced 2001 EPS of $1.75. -- "Bandwidth trading will be a critical value creator in  2000. Enron has built a critical base in the emerging bandwidth commodity industry, which is poised to achieve rapid growth in 2000."  -- ``Bandwidth trading keys off Enron's market dominant skills developed in trading electricity and natural gas. After executing the first key bandwidth trade in 1999, Enron appears poised to begin posting rising transaction volumes, establishing the credibility of this new industry.''  -- ``The ultimate value of bandwidth trading is likely to exceed the total value of Enron's existing electricity and gas franchise.'' 
 Would you guys please take a look at this and let me know what sorts of restrictions you would suggest we try and put on these guys and what sorts of legal disclaimers/notices should be on the site?  Thanks,  Mark 
 Looks like Mr. B has a late swim practice tonight so we won't be at Adobe :-(.  Maybe next time.  If I don't see you, have a very merry one and let's talk next week.  mark 
 Have you seen this? 
 The SRRS indicates there are no requests awaiting my approval. 
 The flyer didn't come through - do you have a copy? 
 Don't be too hard on him just yet.  Remember that we talked about many similar issues here when they first came up.  Maybe after we've been through these with him once he will negotiate them in the first case and only bring the tough sticking points to us. 
 Just so you know what may be coming, I have spent roughly half of my time in the office over the last six weeks negotiating these sorts of requests.  It is very time consuming.  My comments below in red.  Best of luck and feel free to call with any issues.  Mark 
 Approved 
 I have gone ahead and forwarded this and the ECFC version to the EOL people to be uploaded.  I do have a concern though that I wanted to ask you about. These GTC's use the defined term "Commercial Term" which is defined as follows:  "Commercial Terms" means that part of this Agreement confirming in writing the specific terms of a Transaction which may be in any form adequate at law that is issued in connection with a Transaction.  We have taken the position in our other EOL trading that the transaction is complete and binding from the time we accept the counterparty's offer over the system by reference to the GTC, the numbers submitted by the counterparty (usually volume and price) and the Long Description.  We've gone to some lengths to make sure that the combination of GTC, website numbers and Long Description contain all of the necessary terms.  It's not clear to me that we intend the website numbers and Long Description to satisfy the definition of Commercial Terms.  Are these transactions not intended to be binding until the confirmation is signed?  Any thoughts on this? 
 Hey Mark - I thought you had my new (as of July 1997) address - sorry about that.  I'm now at:  1322 Rutland Houston, TX 77008  (713)863-7190 - home (713)853-7459 - work  I heard about Mrs. Boone in the Scots News.  I thought it was a nice write-up.  The Boones were very special people and I regret extremely that I didn't get to know them better.  Hope you guys are doing well.  I was in NYC in Nov. but was so busy I didn't have time for visits or fun of any kind!  Hope to get back soon but there's nothing for NY on the calendar.  Probably DC early Jan., London late Jan. and Buenos Aires and Sao Paolo in Feb.  I saw the magazine article (with such good photos!) a couple of months back.  My mom actually called to tell me about it.  Did you guys get my Christmas card?  I thought Celena might get a kick out of it.  Tell Debbie & Celena I said "Hi!"  Take care,  Mark T. 
 I have been able to access this but our outside legal counsel (Sullivan & Cromwell in NY) can't.  Any way for them to get access so they can advise us on this?  They are also the guys who will help with a training session on various legal issues and company policies in trading.    Michael Etringer  01/14/2000 05:00 PM 
 I thought your Mom might like the first three. 
 January __, 2000    Via Facsimile  MEMORANDUM TO:=09Paul Simons=20 =09(Enron Europe Limited)=20 =09=20 =09Mark Taylor=20 =09(Enron North America Corp.) FROM:=09Kenneth M. Raisler=20 =09David J. Gilberg RE:=09Enron Online/Credit Product  This memorandum summarizes the proposed procedures we discussed during our= =20 meeting on January 13, 2000 for use in connection with the credit derivativ= es=20 product (the =01&Product=018) to be offered by Enron Capital & Trade Resour= ces=20 International Corp. and its affiliates (collectively, =01&Enron=018) throug= h =01&Enron=20 Online=018.  These procedures, which we will be assisting you in preparing,= are=20 designed to reduce Enron=01,s exposure to those entities on whose credit th= e=20 Product will be based (the =01&Reference Entities=018) as well as Enron=01,= s exposure=20 to other related types of liabilities.  We have previously outlined these= =20 areas of exposure in our memoranda dated December 15, 1999 and December 22,= =20 1999. =20 1. Disclosure =01* All Reference Entities should be advised, by letter, of = the=20 fact that they will be included in the list of entities that will be the=20 subject of the Product.  These disclosures will of course be separate from,= =20 although related to, the disclosures to be provided to counterparties to=20 transactions in the Product.  ? This disclosure should inform the Reference Entity of the introduction of= =20 the Product, and describe the general nature of the Product and the manner = in=20 which it will be traded (e.g., through Enron Online).  ? In general, however, Enron need not request that the Reference Entities= =20 consent to or acknowledge their inclusion in the list of the Reference=20 Entities, except as set forth below in paragraph 2.=20  2. Consent =01* Enron should, however, obtain the prior consent of certai= n=20 types of Reference Entities before including them in the list of Reference= =20 Entities.  ? In particular, consent should be obtained from any Reference Entities wit= h=20 which Enron has a significant trading relationship that includes advice or= =20 other services that could result in Enron being considered a fiduciary of t= he=20 Reference Entity or that could otherwise give rise to common law duties tha= t=20 could be violated if the Reference Entity does not consent to the arrangeme= nt.  ? Enron need not seek consent from those large and sophisticated=20 counterparties to which Enron merely provides prices and with which Enron= =20 trades on an exclusively arms=01, length basis with no advisory or similar= =20 services being provided and with no fiduciary obligations.  ? Where consent is sought, Enron should include a request that the Referenc= e=20 Entity acknowledge its receipt of the letter and its consent to being=20 included in the list of Reference Entities.  If a Reference Entity fails or= =20 refuses to execute the letter, Enron will need to make a determination, on = a=20 case-by-case basis, as to whether it is comfortable including that entity o= n=20 the list of Reference Entities.  However, it should be recognized that, by= =20 requesting consent, Enron may be limiting its ability to treat an entity as= a=20 Reference Entity in the absence of consent.  3. Chinese Wall =01* We understand that it will not be feasible to construc= t a=20 complete =01&Chinese Wall=018 between the operations related to the Product= and=20 Enron=01,s other trading activities.  This is due primarily to the fact tha= t=20 activities related to the Product will utilize the same credit function as= =20 Enron=01,s other trading activities.  However, Enron should implement a mod= ified=20 Chinese Wall between the trading operations.  This approach would enhance= =20 Enron=01,s ability to defend successfully against any claims of impropriety= or=20 breach of duty by facilitating Enron=01,s ability to demonstrate that=20 information had not been shared by other traders with those trading the=20 Product. This could be accomplished through a number of procedures.  ? First, Enron should maintain the maximum possible degree of physical=20 separation between personnel responsible for pricing and trading the Produc= t,=20 on the one hand, and Enron=01,s other trading activities, on the other hand= . =20 Even if personnel involved in the Product are located on the same floor as= =20 other traders, it would be prudent to place them in a separate area of the= =20 floor set off by partitions or similar features.  ? Second, procedures should be developed to prohibit the flow of informatio= n=20 between Product traders and other traders if such information is material t= o=20 the creditworthiness of trading counterparties and is not in the public=20 domain.  In addition, all trading personnel should be instructed with respe= ct=20 to the procedures through training programs.  ? Finally, senior supervisory officers of Enron should be assigned to monit= or=20 communications between the groups of traders and to review and make=20 determinations on requests by traders to communicate information that would= =20 otherwise be prohibited under the procedures.  These procedures will be=20 similar to those that have been developed in connection with Enron=01,s equ= ity=20 trading activities.  4. Restricted List -- Enron should establish and maintain a =01&restricted = list=018=20 of those entities on which Products may not be traded.  ? Initially, the list could be used to exclude those entities on which it i= s=20 not feasible for Enron to offer Products due to the nature of its=20 relationships with such entities; e.g., those entities with respect to whic= h=20 Enron might be considered a fiduciary and which have not consented to their= =20 inclusion and those entities about which Enron has or regularly receives=20 material, non-public information.  In addition, those entities with which= =20 Enron has entered into confidentiality agreements will most likely need to = be=20 excluded, depending on the terms of such agreements.  ? Enron should also establish procedures to monitor its receipt of=20 information regarding Reference Entities on which Products are listed. =20 Pursuant to these procedures, Enron should suspend the listing of quotation= s,=20 and therefore the issuance of new Products, with respect to a Reference=20 Entity, if Enron is in possession of material, non-public information=20 regarding such Entity of a type, or in situations, that render suspension= =20 necessary or advisable.  This would include situations in which Enron is=20 considering an investment in or a joint venture with a Reference Entity.  I= n=20 addition, the procedures should provide for Reference Entities to be exclud= ed=20 or deleted for reasons unrelated to Enron=01,s possession of information as= =20 well; e.g., where Enron has reached or exceeded its credit limits with=20 respect to such Entities.=20  ? The procedures should state that Enron may close out an open position for= a=20 Product held by a counterparty, if the counterparty specifically requests= =20 Enron to do so.  The procedures should also address the pricing of the=20 closing transaction, however, and establish a mechanism for such pricing th= at=20 minimizes Enron=01,s potential exposure to liability as a result of its=20 effecting a transaction while in possession of material, non-public=20 information.=20  ? Enron should provide training to the appropriate personnel, which should= =20 include instructing such personnel not to furnish Product counterparties wi= th=20 any notification or explanation of a Reference Entity being placed on the= =20 restricted list.=20  As noted, we will be assisting you in developing these procedurew, which wi= ll=20 need to be integrated into Enron=01,s existing policies and procedures.  In= =20 addition, as we have advised you in our prior memoranda, there are no=20 procedures that will fully insulate Enron from the potential liabilities=20 arising in connection with its offering of the Product.  However, the=20 implementation of the types of procedures described above should assist Enr= on=20 in mitigating such risks and defending against claims that might be made by= =20 Reference Entities. Please call us if you have questions on these or other issues. =20  K.M.R.=20 D.J.G. 
 I received the attachment you sent to me at Christmas but was not sure how well it worked for you to recieve them.  I took a roll of film to be developed and they had a special on having the photos returned on a disk as well as prints.  I though they were the Christmas pictures that I could send to you right away - but it turns out it was an old roll. 
 I tried to send this to your juno address and it came back.  Just in case you are home, I also received the following from the PR department a few minutes ago: Be sure to watch Chairman and CEO Ken Lay on Fox News today.  He will appear on "Our World" with Neil Cavuto at 4:30 p.m. CST to discuss Enron's year-end financial and operating highlights. 
 I would like to attend. 
 Apparently there was some miscommunication.  It was very clear to me after our meeting in Louise's office that with respect to proposed Reference Entities with which Enron has an existing business relationship you were going to add the consent to the notice letter.  It was that consent that was to dramatically speed up the process of determining which Reference Entities could be listed.  As we discussed last week, without that consent each proposed Reference Entity must be evaluated separately regarding whether or not a confidentiality agreement is in place and whether or not the existing business relationship is extensive enough to require consent.  Neither of these evaluations will be easy or quick.  While Enron North America has been reasonably good about compiling lists of confidentiality agreements, it is by no means clear that all other Enron entities have done so.  We have not yet determined a process for evaluating the extent of the existing business relationships with our customers but that process will necessarily require significant amounts of legal and commercial time at a high enough level to make important judgment calls.  My impression was that you were willing to add the consents to the notice letters since in one fell swoop it resolved a difficult legal issue and moved your earliest possible launch date forward by weeks if not months but also on the assumption that if a customer was not willing to give us their consent we should not be taking the commercial risk that it was precisely those customers whose relationships would be jeopardized by proceeding to use them as a Reference Entity.  We will now move forward to develop the processes necessary to conduct the evaluations mentioned above.  Please send the list of proposed Reference Entities as soon as possible. 
 Yes, I think they could develop some initial thoughts with that kind of description.    Michael Etringer  01/19/2000 04:40 PM 
 Sheri L Cromwell 12/30/98 04:32 PM 
 Is it possible to pinpoint the sources of the rumors we discussed yesterday? If so, it might be possible to maintain an action against the culprits.  I'm not sure exactly what it might be - possibly for slander or tortious interference with contract, something like that.  I could discuss it with our friend Richard Sanders but it would be a waste of time if we can't identify the perpetrator. 
 Looks good to me - there is a chance that I will be out Feb 14 - 18. 
 The vacation time looks good to me.  My trip is nowhere near final yet so let's hold off on rescheduling the credit group lunch.  Don't come back until you're well! 
 Thursday January 20, 4:51 pm Eastern Time  Company Press Release  SOURCE: Enron Corp.  Enron Hosts Annual Analyst Conference; Provides Business Overview and Goals for 2000  HOUSTON, Jan. 20 /PRNewswire/ -- Enron Corp. (NYSE: ENE - news) hosted its annual equity analyst conference today in Houston. Ken Lay, Enron chairman and chief executive officer, opened the conference by highlighting Enron's tremendous growth across all businesses and the outstanding 700 percent return to shareholders over the past decade.  Enron presented key objectives for 2000: Continued strong growth in the core Wholesale Energy businesses. Break-out performance from Retail Energy Services. Rapid development of Enron Broadband Services.  Enron's ability to extend core skills and competencies to new markets was a recurring theme throughout the day.  Wholesale Energy Business  Growth prospects remain strong for Wholesale Energy Operations and Services, Enron's largest business. Wholesale energy growth in North America is expected to be driven by the continuing deregulation of power markets in the United States and large-scale energy outsourcing by utilities and large energy consumers. Enron expects to continue to broaden its early lead across the European continent as markets quickly open to competition. Finally, Enron is rapidly expanding its wholesale presence in other markets such as Japan, where large customers will be permitted to choose their electricity provider in March 2000.  EnronOnline will provide additional wholesale growth as incremental sales are generated through this innovative, Internet-based transaction system. Over 450 customers around the world have used EnronOnline and over 10,000 transactions have been completed since its introduction in late November 1999. Yesterday, EnronOnline transaction levels reached a new record with over 700 transactions, representing a notional value of $250 million. Transaction processing costs with EnronOnline are significantly lower than costs associated with traditional transaction methods.  Enron's Gas Pipeline Group is also well positioned to continue growing, with expansions planned or underway on several of its systems.  Retail Energy Services  With over 16,500 facilities under management, the infrastructure is in place to service customers worldwide. As the strong contracting momentum continues, Enron Energy Services is poised to rapidly increase earnings in 2000. Enron Energy Services' goal for 2000 is to sign new contracts representing $16 billion in future expenditures by customers for energy and energy services, nearly double the level in 1999.  Enron Broadband Services  The new name of Enron's communications business, Enron Broadband Services, reflects its role in the very fast growing market for premium broadband services. Enron is deploying an open, flexible global broadband network controlled by software intelligence, which precludes the need to invest in a traditional point-to-point fiber network. This Enron Intelligent Network is widely interconnected to both other wholesale bandwidth carriers and to Internet service providers, thus providing the platform for two new Enron business centers, bandwidth intermediation and broadband content delivery.  A direct transfer of Enron's core market making and risk management skills from its energy businesses, bandwidth intermediation will provide capacity- holders a vast array of alternatives for flexible, low cost capacity. Enron will also provide premium broadband content services, such as high-quality video-streaming and large broadband file transfer, with differentiated levels of quality in a usage-based business model.  As announced in a separate release, Enron also reached an agreement with Sun Microsystems that provides for accelerated development of broadband Internet services.  Enron is one of the world's leading electricity, natural gas and communications companies. The company, which owns approximately $34 billion in energy and communications assets, produces electricity and natural gas, develops, constructs and operates energy facilities worldwide, delivers physical commodities and financial and risk management services to customers around the world, and is developing an intelligent network platform to facilitate online business. Enron's Internet address is www.enron.com, and the stock is traded under the ticker symbol, ``ENE.''  This press release includes forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Although Enron believes that its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, it can give no assurance that its goals will be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward looking statements herein include political developments in foreign countries, the ability to penetrate new wholesale and retail natural gas, electricity and broadband services markets, including the energy outsource market, in the United States and Europe, the timing and extent of changes in prices for crude oil, natural gas, electricity and those relating to broadband services and content, the timing and effect of changes in interest rates, the timing and success of Enron's efforts to develop domestic and international power, pipeline, communications, internet- related and other infrastructure projects, and conditions of the capital markets and equity markets during the periods covered by the forward looking statements.  Contact: Gary Foster of Enron Corp., 713-853-4527.  SOURCE: Enron Corp. 
 In case you are looking for value stocks to evaluate, this is the list of stocks in my "value" portfolio:  Baxter Intl  BAX Blockbuster  BBI Circuit City CC Cognex Corp  CGNX Corning Inc  GLW Duke Energy  DUK Edison Intern EIX First Data Corp FDC I2 Technologies ITWO Internatl Paper IP KLA-Tencor  KMAG OM Group Inc OMP Scientific Atlanta  SFA Southwest Air LUV STMicroelctro STM United Parcel UPS  Idon't mean to recommend any of these - particualrly since the Smith Barney people have told me they have lost confidence in this particular manager and are looking for another one. 
 I have sent an analyst's report on Enron as an attachment to your msn address. 
 Thanks for the presentation - well done! 
 Yes - I actually read that first - I guess now we really have to make it work. <g> 
 Here is the Strike Price Election Notice letter I drafted for the Ormet transaction.  Please let me know if this works for you. 
 I have put it on my calendar. 
 I should be here.  Nella can set something up with Taffy.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Canada Corp. 
 I don't see any problems.  It will become more challenging as we start thinking about trading. 
 Thanks for forwarding on the MSJ opinion.  Any objection to my sending it on to our US counsel (Sullivan & Cromwell) who are coordinating many of these issues for us? 
 In US financial trading (derivatives) we send the attachment each time, but it should only be 4 or 5 pages long.  This may be different in the physical trading world - I'll check into it. 
 It never ends. 
 Glad you liked them.  Yes, cats do seem to like to explore all sorts of spaces - grocery bags are always a good bet.  I remember Dusty, the cat we had in Bethesda, used to like to sleep at the foot of my bed - under the covers.  Go figure.  I'd be happy to send you acopy of the photo of me.  And yes again, the online platform mentioned in the analyst's report is the system I've spent so much time on over the last nine months or so.  It's kind of exciting to see a project in print like that but now it means we have to really make it work!  I received the package from MetLife on the Long-Term Care insurance.  I had a couple of questions which I called the company about (premiums, pre-tax vs. after tax, etc.) and would be happy to go over it with you.  Do you want me to send the stuff to you or should we just chart about it frst?  Love, Mark 
 FYI 
 II have tried to approve this through the Data Manager - not sure if it worked.  I know we must have been through this any number of times before but each time I read one of these I wonder how we are supposed to figure out the Notional Quantity.  It says "calculated from the volume submitted by Counterparty on the website" but how do we know how to calculate it?  Where does it say whether that number is a daily or monthly number?  Gallons or Barrels?  I remain confused. 
 My comments/suggestions below in red. As always, I'm happy to discuss. 
 Thank you very much - can I get a copy of the Risk article?  The BIS numbers unfortunately do not distinguish which of the commodity numbers are applicable to energy, and worse yet they include only numbers from reporting banks.  In the energy area a large proportion of the transactions are by non-bank institutions -this makes finding the numbers much harder because companies like Enron are not required to publicly disclose their positions.  Hopefully the Risk article has some numbers but if you can find anything else specifically relating to the size of the energy derivatives markets that would be helpful. 
 Here's a draft of a termination letter.  I'd be happy to see what everyone thinks before we use it.  For instance, what tone are we aiming for?  If we want to be all legal and hard-nosed, I can throw in ETA section references, etc. or if we want to be softer we can emphasize other trading opportunities within Enron and possibly explain our reasons for the termination.  Let me know what you think. 
 Just a couple of comments and questions:  Is it appropriate to refer to these as "US" transactions since the prices are clearly from outside the US?  I recognize that ENA is the counterparty but I think this may be confusing to our customers.  The term Business Day should be capitalized (it's defined in the GTC) [but it's defined with reference to NY & Houston banks being open - does that work for pulp transactions?].  I'm not thrilled with the language for the last ten days of the contract period on the Pulpex description - is that what we use for current confirmations?  In the definition of the Index for the Finnish product, the word "relevent" should be deleted. 
 I glanced at the power product description (what I could see of it) - Is it definately a physical transaction?  where does the power get delivered?  If it really is physical, I'll need to get one of the power trading lawyers to look it over. 
 Here's one. 
 I have enlisted the assistance of Carol St. Clair to handle the ETA comments and negotiations.  I will be meeting with her this afternoon to go over the details of what we have been doing so far.  It would make sense for you to meet her at some point in the near future.  She is not a junior lawyer by any stretch and should be able to handle most issues that come up with minimal assistance.  In fact, as she becomes more familiar with EOL and its structure/issues generally, she will make a great back-up for me for all EOL issues. 
 There are about 15 - 20 pages you would probably want to see.  If that's not too many for you to receive I don't mind faxing it.  You can always call me from the office with the fax number when you're ready - I can even leave it with my assistant when I'm away from my desk in case you get her instead of me.  It's finally winter here, too.  Of course that's nothing compared to you guys - it might get down into the 30's at night and 40's in the daytime.  It's only really bad when it's that cold and it rains.  Brrrr.  It was probably pretty smart of Delta to send those planes to Cincinnati since as a hub they could probably get them on connecting flights to wherever they were originally headed more easily from there than anywhere else (of course a lot were probably headed to NYC and the flights there the next day must have been packed!).  Aside from a quick one-day trip to New York I haven't had to do any traveling lately - I'll probably be going to Portland in early March and Amsterdam mid-March.  I may try and get to South America sometime in February but nothing is scheduled yet.  Love, Mark 
 Sorry for the delay - our general policy is (and the first response to this type of question should be) that , due to system requirements, it is not possible to provide for different online contracts for different counterparties.  Having said that, in the few cases where a counterparty has raised what we consider to be valid and material concerns, we have agreed to a side letter agreement with that particular counterparty to vary the terms of the ETA.  So if the counterparty resist the first response and threatens to not use the system for legal reasons, you should refer them to the legal department.  They can contact either Carol St. Clair (x33989) or me (x37459). 
 Any concerns? 
 Happy 1999 and welcome back.  Sorry to hear about your travel problems.  I know how much fun a night in the airport can be.  I'd be happy to talk about the US commodity laws at one of our group meetings.  I'm going to be in London the last week of this month - maybe we can set something up for then? 
 Yes, thanks - I think Tana is going to call to get some help interpreting the numbers. 
 Christian has not yet gotten back to me but I have asked him to check on the dates we discussed for early/mid March. 
 Do we know where J Aron wants us to settle the trade done from London?  If it is still settled by payment to New York, this one trade probably does not cause too much heartburn. (See the note from Steve Douglas in Tax next following.) 
 We have asked the EnronOnline team to send the Master User ID and Password to the person who signed the PA.  Our theory was that the signer presumably has the authority to bind the counterparty and understands that any holder of the password can also bind the counterparty.  If they want to give it to someone else, so be it.  But we should not be taking it upon ourselves to send the password to someone else unless we have conducted the same level of due diligence on that name as we have on the PA signer.  I was told we were not looking into the authority of the "nominated" Master Users inn any way but that we were taking some steps to verify the authority of the PA signers.  It just seemed safer to me to take this approach. 
 The package you sent arrived today.  I'll open it when I get home.  I sent the MetLife insurance materials by regular mail today. 
 These look ok to me but I think somebody who knows what they're talking about should look at them too. 
 Jeff:  Sorry for the delay - I'm still trying to track this down.  Obviously I don't know the answer right off and no one I've asked so far knows for sure (although those who know a little something about the area don't think it looks good).  I hope to have a final answer for you early next week.  Mark 
 How do these look to you? 
 You can ignore my previous e-mail. 
 My only concern is that the Floating Price is the Index for the Determination Period (which is a month) but the Index is a daily index.  Should we be taking the average for the month? 
 Mark Haedicke, Greg Whalley and I will be meeting with several people at the NYMEX on Friday morning.  It's possible (although not likely) that Dan Rappaport will attend one of the meetings.  I remember that we were very unhappy with his testimony earlier this year and I know we delivered that message to the NYMEX a couple of times.  What I'm not sure of is whether their testimony was toned down at all in subsequent hearings.  Are you aware of the content of the NYMEX testimony at those hearings and whether or not our complaints had been taken to heart when it was prepared?  I'm just wondering if there is anything we should bring up in our meetings if Rappaport does attend - either positive or negative.  I also heard just a few minutes ago that Mark H. had cancelled our trip to DC currently scheduled for 12/16 since he will be meeting with Commissioner Newsome tomorrow.  It might make sense to leave the December meeting on the calendar, though.  Seems to me the Enron message may get lost in the overall background noise of a big ISDA meeting.  Maybe I can come up alone and we can do a scaled down version of the originally scheduled meeting to get some solo time in the Commissioner's face.  What do you think? 
 The Thursday times look better for me. 
 That looks good to me. 
 Here's another one. 
 This may be one of the things we have to deal with in connection with the SA restructuring.  In the past it was easy enough to justify using Don's budget since in theory all of your work was for his benefit.  Now it isn't quite so clear.  I think we need to figure out exactly who you are supporting - is there a separate RC for Argentina trading? 
 I sent the web address of the address of the site we were talking about last week as part of another e-mail(1/27).  This is just to check and make sure you knew it was there and have been able to access the site. 
 The web site address is at the bottom. 
 Dear Schuyler:  It seems to me that you used to chair a seminar put on by the Euromoney people on swap documentation.  We used to send our new lawyers and more experienced paralegals to the introductory course and the more experienced lawyers to the advanced course.  It appears that Euromoney is no longer putting this on.  Are you doing something similar through another provider?  Mark Taylor 
 The system is certainly not set up to accommodate that now but we could probably draft around it on a case by case basis.  It strikes me that while we might be able to come up with a legal framework that would allow for this, the credit considerations are more problematic.  I would guess that the back office will also be unhappy about having to manually rearrange all of the trades.  This really seems like it is similar to the Aquilla problem in some respects.  When we suggested allowing one entity to trade for another, Credit was quite concerned because the system wouldn't be able to check the appropriate headroom.  I suppose Credit could just assign the lowest headroom for any of the eligible entities to the entire relationship - would  that be acceptable to everyone?  Another possibility is for the fund to set up a master trading entity which does the trades with us and then does back to back deals with whichever entities need the allocations.  That would let them do a large transaction on EOL and then smaller transactions with the other entities.  Of course, the master trading entity would need to qualify for credit on its own somehow.  Guarantees from anyone other than the owner would be difficult (upstream guarantee problems). 
 We met with the commercial team this afternoon and I was able to piece together the following:  Access to the auction site will be by clicking on a button on the EnronOnline (note spelling) trading page.  Most users of the site will already be signed up for EnronOnline - both a PA and ETA executed.  Other users will be given a user ID and password that give them "guest" access to EnronOnline and trading access to the auction page.  On the auction page the users may submit their offers to transact (either to buy or sell) with Enron.  The page will list a reserve price and identify the number of credits to be auctioned.  We are willing to commit to transact up to that number with the best bidders (at or beyond the reserve  price) but may transact larger volumes if we choose.  Users' offers may be submitted at any time during the auction period (this time frame remains a bit unclear - probably one day, possibly a week or more) and must remain binding until the close of the bidding and determination of winning bidders.  Certain uncreditworthy users may be required to post a deposit in the full amount of their offer to buy.  It is not yet clear if we will publish the offers after the fact (maybe just the winning offers - all without names of course) or even during the auction period but we would like to have that option.  I'm sure I've missed a few points but that gives you the flavor.  Harry is preparing the "GTC" for the actual purchases and sales - I assume based on our standard contracts for these products.  We need to put the legal framework together for the rest of it.  If the existing PA and ETA are adequate, that would be great but I haven't reread them with that in mind. We REALLY don't want to have to have existing users sign another piece of paper.  It makes sense that the existing ETA covers some territory that won't matter to users who only have access to the auction page (e.g. references to master agreements) so a stripped down version of the ETA for those counterparties would make sense.  Can we talk on Monday? 
 Just out of curiosity, who is Thomas Geisel?  I assume he is an Enron=20 person.  Do we already have a lawyer responsible for these issues?  I seem = to=20 remember that Robert and Justin were handling the IPE and Martin and Mark= =20 Elliott the NordPool and ELEX issues.  It might make sense to have one pers= on=20 be the go-to guy for exchange issues with another designated for each=20 exchange.  What do you think?  It worries me a little to have only business= =20 people involved - particularly if this is an early stage where we may have= =20 our best hope for effective legal input. 
 Just on the off chance you haven't had enough regarding EnronOnline to think about recently, Louise has announced meetings on Thursday and Friday of this week to discuss "Phase II" of the project.  It seems like an opportune time to come up with our wish-list of possible changes to the site and the legal structure. 
 I haven't had a chance to look at this yet but here it is. 
 That sounds right to me - we were going to pay for extra trips (like the ENA legal conference int eh fall) but this meeting is for all lawyers so they would have to pay for this regardless. 
 Jan:  Thanks for your note.  Tim Belden has asked Dana to book a conference room - maybe you can coordinate with her.  It might also be nice if there is a spare office or two that could be booked for the day (including the morning) so we will have a place to work when not in the meetings.  The only people I know of coming from out of town will be me and Ken Raisler, a lawyer with Sullivan & Cromwell in New York.  We will have a better idea of any audio-visual equipment we need as we get closer to the meeting date.   JAN M KING 02/09/2000 12:30 PM 
 The second product listed here is physical.  It looks ok to me but I don't really know - can you take a look and approve it or comment to Dale please?  Thanks! 
 Here's another one. 
 I have not received any comments.  I consider it final.  Let me know if you need to have it customized for any particular circumstance.  Since I don't know who (or for that matter what) the PCG heads are, I sugggest that if they need it you send them copies. 
 Here is S&C's first draft. 
 Mark Haedicke and I are scheduled to participate in an ISDA sponsored conference call which begins at 9:00 Eastern time tomorrow morning.  If that call runs over, we may not be able to call you promptly at 10:00 but will call as soon as we can. 
 Unless you object, we have decided to structure the auction site with the "auction procedures" set out on the bid page, immediately above the "submit" button.  As soon as the bid is submitted, the system will check to see if the counterparty has already accepted the GTC's or has a master in place.  Here is S&C's first draft of the procedures for an auction without a reserve price, with no commitment to sell (or buy) and no disclosure of bids to other parties.  It is my impression that this is the way the EnBank auctions will be conducted.  Is that correct?  Any suggestions/comments?  Mark 
 I wish it were more clear.  I am trying to get down there to talk to the commercial people about the business direction and support we can provide but until then I don't know that we should get their hopes up.  I had hoped to come this week but Randy is here in Houston.  Maybe second half of next week?  Do you know if everyone will be in those days? (I was thinking Sao Paolo Wed/Thurs and B.A. Thurs/Fri). 
 Are either of you guys aware of this web-site?  It looks like our weather people have put this out on the web ahead of us.  I think we need to talk to them about what they are allowed to post and what sorts of disclaimers should be there as well.  I just wanted to check with you before I call the weather desk here  Mark 
 Paul is out sick today - I'll see what I can find out tomorrow. 
 Collateral Arrangements. Counterparty shall (at Enron=01,s request) either:= (i)=20 within one Business Day of such request by Enron, provide to Enron a letter= =20 of credit in respect of Counterparty's obligations under any Transaction, i= n=20 such form and for such amount and from such issuer, as is acceptable to Enr= on=20 in its absolute discretion; or (ii) within such period as is specified by= =20 Enron, provide for the benefit of Enron a parent company guarantee in such= =20 form and for such amount as is acceptable to Enron in its absolute=20 discretion. Failure so to provide such letter of credit or parent company= =20 guaranty shall constitute a default hereunder giving rise to the immediate= =20 right of termination by Enron under this GTC. 
 Here are my comments (together with my voice mail comment to Dave regarding an earlier deletion). 
 Here are the procedures toegther with our comments.  If you have access to Word, you can see the changes and who made them. 
 I'm afraid I disagree with Justin but prefer not to do so publicly.  It seems to me we need a verifiable end time for the Auction Period and should choose a time and a time zone that makes sense for the traders and counterparties (presumably UK for EnBank but Central for emissions credits). 
 Justin - are the EnBank contracts physical or financial?  It seems to me we should use the same customer profiles - that is if the contracts are physical, then any counterparty which can trade physical UK gas should have access.  If the contracts are financial, then any counterparty that can trade UK derivatives should have access.  Mark 
 It turns out the initial auction product will not be the emissions credits but rather the EnBank UK synthetic gas storage product.  They want this auction to allow bids to be revoked or revised up until the end of the auction period and not to have the ability to accept bids until the expiration time.  There is still no commitment to sell anything.  All transactions will be for sales by Enron to the counterparty.  I have taken a stab at revising the procedures language with this in mind. 
 Would you please check and see if we have any JEDI swaps wtih these counterparies? 
 Here's a stab at tthe procedures which provides for hte ability to revise or revoke bids during the auction period.  Comments? 
 FYI 
 I'm not sure which "process" you are referring to.  I have not yet seen a list of proposed reference entities and if any of them have a business relationship with Enron they will need to be subject to a deeper legal review.  The process for that review has not yet been finalized but for some potential reference entitiesit will be very time consuming (i.e. for those entities where the extent and nature of the business relationship is unclear).  The "soft" Chinese walls also have yet to be built for the US. For those walls to be effective there may need top be training for people on both sides of the walls. 
 With the final comment from Sullivan & Cromwell: 
 Is this a document that is available generall?  If so, can we get a copy? 
 Yes, this looks better to me. 
 FYI 
 I'm not sure I agree with you.  There is a big difference between listing the price for a reference entity's credit online (i.e. in a nearly public manner) vs. providing a price quote to customers who request it.  The almost public nature of the marketing  may influence whether or not the reference entity is happy with Enron trading the product.  Even if they are not affected in this way, having given them notice in advance will at least give us moral high ground if the reference entity later decides to object. 
 I finally got my film developed - this gives you an idea of how often I use the camera - and thought you might like these.  Unfortunately the only shot on the roll of Bruce didn't turn out - directly attributable to the photographer's lack of skill - and we never did have anybody take a group shot.  There were several others that you can tell would have been great shots if my thumb hadn't half obscured the lens.  The sunset was taken during our last night there while you guys were swimming off in the direction the picture was taken (if you listen carefully, you can almost hear Ted losing his lunch down below).  Hope you guys are well - any trips to Houston on the agenda?  Mark 
 Edmund:  Thanks for your voice mail and sorry for the delay, just a couple of questions and minor points ont eh GTC -  In paragraph 1, the usual practice in North America would be for the executed confirmation to control over other evidence.  Since online credit derivatives are not traded under our existing master agreements, we need to make clear to the Credit Group that these positions should not be included when they determine their rights to call for collateral under the masters.  I'm not familiar with the fraud limitation towards the end of Section 6.  Is this particular to credit derivatives?  With respect to the third paragraph of Section 9, we need to be aware that these GTC's can be accepted by any EOL user while the ETA must be accepted by the Mater User.  It is not entirely clear that all sub-users will have the authority to amend the ETA.  Is the purpose of the second sentence to "deactivate" master agreements that might otherwise control the transaction? If so, in other circumstances where we needed to force the GTC to override a master, we have taken additional steps to notify the affected counterparties.  (I can't remember if we required that the counterparty execute a side letter or if we just notified them that acceptance of the GTC would acknowledge that the master did not control.)  I'm sure you guys have spent untold hours on the definition of Bankruptcy Event, but I do want to point out that under US bankruptcy law it is impossible to have an involuntary bankruptcy dismissed within 30 days.  If we actually want the poor unsuspecting Reference Entity to have a chance to have the case dismissed, 90 days might do it (I am told that the various periods for notices and responses prior to the date a hearing may be held add up to more than 60 days).  I'm uncomfortable with the use of the term "Month."  What would the Effective Date be for a transaction entered into on December 30?  You could argue that it is either the last day of February or the first or second day of March. The ambiguity could be resolved by using a number of days and a business day convention.  This is probably an issue for all of our derivatives  -  should we apply a different interest rate to non-US$ payments?  It is Mark Haedicke's relatively unwavering policy that US. derivatives trading agreements be subject to arbitration.  We rarely submit to the jurisdiction of NY courts unless the counterparty is incorporated outside the US.  Unless you have received a special dispensation from Mark, there is some straightforward arbitration language in the ENA financial GTC.  Our other derivatives agreements contain confidentiality provisions - have we decided not to include one here for a particular reason?  Again. sorry for the delay.  I will be here all week and happy to discuss any of these points.  Mark 
 Jennifer:  Our records indicate that a draft was delivered to you earlier this week.  If you do not have it, please let Marie Heard (x33907) know and she can get you another copy.  Mark    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 There are a few points in here that you might be interested in - or not. 
 I received the proposed list of reference entities today.  Here is a draft of a memo that I cobbled together to use in trying to get input from others within Enron for the restriced list.  Would you let me know what you think? I will be meeting with Mark H. tomorrow to talk with him about it.  It isn't clear to me who should receive this and from whom it should come.  Since the communications people may have relationships with some of these folks, is Kristina the right person?  I know that EES has some kind of joint venture with AOL - should Vicki sign off?  If it is going to such persons, should the memo come from Mark?  Cliff Baxter?  John Sheriff?  Jim Derrick? 
 Enron North America and Enron Europe will offer credit derivatives through= =20 the EnronOnline website in the near future.  These products will provide fo= r=20 regularly scheduled payments by the purchaser and a payment by the seller i= n=20 the event of the bankruptcy of a specified =01&Reference Entity.=018 =20  For a number of reasons, including those identified below, Enron maintains = a=20 =01&Restricted List=018 in connection with its credit derivatives business,= which=20 will list those entities that may not be included in the list of Reference= =20 Entities or that have been deleted from the list of Reference Entities.  Th= is=20 list is designed to comply with legal requirements, to deal with potential= =20 conflicts of interest that might result because of our diverse activities,= =20 and to prevent the appearance of impropriety in connection with Enron=01,s= =20 credit derivatives trading activities.  The credit derivatives Restricted= =20 List is designed for other purposes as well.  For example, a company may be= =20 placed on the Restricted List if Enron is not able to assume any further=20 credit exposure to that company or believes that market conditions do not= =20 warrant the trading of Credit Derivatives on such Reference Entity.  A company ordinarily will be placed on the credit derivatives Restricted=20 List, either before or after it has become a Reference Entity on which cred= it=20 derivatives are traded, in the following circumstances:  when Enron is actively engaged in effecting a material transaction with=20 respect to such company that has not been publicly announced;  when Enron has an applicable standstill agreement or other confidentiality= =20 agreement in place with such company;  when Enron has a legal duty to keep such company's information confidential= =20 and such company has not expressly consented to being a Reference Entity fo= r=20 purposes of the trading of credit derivatives (such a legal duty may be a= =20 fiduciary duty but may not rise to that level);  when some part of Enron acquires material, nonpublic information about a=20 company or its securities in the course of its business activities;  when Enron has reached or exceeded its credit limits with respect to such= =20 company.  The purpose of this memorandum is to alert you to this new business and to= =20 request your assistance in evaluating proposed Reference Entities prior to= =20 the trading of credit derivatives based on such companies.  Below is a list= =20 of proposed Reference Entities.  Please take a few minutes to look at this= =20 list and then let me know if you are aware of any reason such companies=20 should placed on the credit derivatives Restricted List.  If you have any= =20 questions, please contact me at (713)853-7459 or Paul Simons in the London= =20 office at 44-20-7783-6566.  Cinergy Corp. Duke Energy Corporation Dynegy Inc.=20 El Paso Energy Corporation PG & E Corporation Southern Company Inc, The  AOL Lucent Technology Nortel Qwest Communications 
 My recollection is that we did this on purpose - that the industry works this way for all participants (or nearly all) so we built our documents to reflect that practice.  Do I remember correctly? 
 I just called Diomedes' office to try and get on his calendar next week. They told me he is not there and won't be back until after Carnival which I guess means March 9 at the earliest.  I am in Portland the 6th & 7th (Mon. & Tues.) and Amsterdam the 13th - 17th (Tues. - Fri.).  Unless an emergency comes up it looks like the earliest I can reasonably expect to make it will be towards the end of March (27 - 31?). 
 Here is the list of reference entities I received from Debbie with the confidentiality agreements and the reference entities they relate to indicated.  If the reference entity name is in bold we have a confidentiality agreement with the entity itself. I notice that AOL, Nortel and Qwest are not on the list (they were on the original list for actual trading sent to me) - were they removed by you guys?   Reference Entity    Affiliate Confidentiality Agreements  AGL Resources Inc.  AT & T Corp.     AT&T Commercial Finance Corporation  Atlantic Richfield Company   US coal business of Atlantic Richfield Company  Baltimore Gas and Electric Company  Bay State Gas Company  Bell Atlantic Corp  BellSouth Corp.  Boston Edison Company  Boston Gas Company  Burlington Resources Inc.  Carolina Power & Light Company  Central Illinois Light Company  Central Maine Power Company  Central Power and Light Company  Chevron Corp `    Chevron USA Inc.  Cinergy Corp.  Citizens Utilities Company  Columbia Energy Group    Columbia Energy Services Corporation Columbia Electric Corporation  Commonwealth Edison Corp  Commonwealth Electric Company  Conoco Inc.     Conoco Canada Limited  Consolidated Edison Inc    Consolidated Edison Energy, Inc.  Constellation Energy Group  Cox Communications Inc  Dayton Power and Light Company, The  DPL Incorporated  Dominion Resources Inc.   Dominion Energy Canada Ltd.  Dow Chemical Company    Dow Chemical Canada Inc.  DQE Inc  Duke Energy Corporation   Duke Energy Field Services, Inc. Duke Energy Power Services LLC  Duquesne Light Company  Dynegy Inc.      Dynergy Power Holdings, Inc.  El Paso Energy Corp    El Paso Electric Company El Paso Energy Marketing Company El Paso Field Services Company El paso Merchant Energy, L.P. El Paso Power Services, Inc.  Exxon Mobil Corporation   Exxon Pipeline Company Mobil Business Resources Corporation  Florida Power & Light Company  FPL Group Inc.     FPL Energy, Inc. IDACORP Inc.  Idaho Power Company  Illinois Power Company  Lucent Technologies    Utilities Solutions Business of Lucent Technologies, Inc.  Marathon Oil Company    Marathon Canada Limited  MCI World Com Inc.  Montana Power Company  Nevada Power Company  New Jersey Natural Gas Company  New York State Electric & Gas Corporation  Niagara Mohawk Power Corporation  Occidental Petroleum Corp   Occidental Energy Marketing, Inc.  Oklahoma Gas And Electric Company  Pacific Gas & Electric Company   Pacific Gas & Electric Corporation (same entity?) PG&E Generating Company  Peco Energy Company  Pennzoil-Quaker State Company  Peoples Energy Corp    Peoples Energy Services Corporation  PG&E Corporation    how is this related to Pacific Gas & Electric Company?  Phillips Petroleum Company   Phillips Petroleum Co, U.K. Ltd.  Piedmont Natural Gas Co  Potomac Electric Power Company  San Diego Gas & Electric Company  Sierra Pacific Power Company  Southern California Gas Company  Southern Company Inc    Southern Company Services, Inc.  Texaco Inc.     Texaco Limited Texaco North Sea UK Company  Texas-New Mexico Power Company  The Peoples Gas Light & Coke Company  Ultramar Diamond Shamrock  US West, Inc.  Utilicorp United Inc.  Vastar Resources, Inc.  Virginia Electric and Power Company  Virginia Gas Co. (related?)  Washington Gas Light Company  Wisconsin Electric Power Company  Wisconsin Gas Company  Wisconsin Power And Light Company 
 Brent - what is your home number?  You can get me at the office today (Monday until around lunch time, then you can try my cell phone 713-206-8080. 
 I just looked at the first couple of documents attached and wanted to make sure the second item listed in them works.  Is everyone comfortable that the volume should be submitted in megawatts and then divided in half to produce megawatt hours?  I think it works but I had to work through it to get there - it wasn't immediately obvious to me. 
 Hope you're having a pleasant first week of 1999.  Thought I would forward this on.....I found that 16, 15, 14, 8, 7, 2 and 1 hit a little too close to home. > >  TOP 22 SIGNS THAT YOU HAVE HAD TOO MUCH OF THE '90s > > 22. Cleaning up the dining area means getting the fast-food bags out of > the  back seat of your car. > > 21. Your reason for not staying in touch with family is that they do not > have e-mail addresses. > > 20. Keeping up with sports entails adding ESPN's home page to your > bookmarks. > > 19. You have a "to do" list that includes entries for lunch and bathroom > beaks, and they are the ones that never get crossed off. > > 18. You have actually faxed your Christmas list to your parents. > > 17. Pick-up lines now include a reference to liquid assets and capital > gains. > > 16. You consider second-day air delivery painfully slow. > > 15. You assume the question "to valet-park or not" is rhetorical. > > 14. You refer to your dining-room table as the flat filing cabinet. > > 13. Your idea of being organised is multiple-coloured post-it notes. > > 12. Your grocery list has been on your refrigerator so long some of the > products don't even exist any more. > > 11. You lecture the neighbourhood kids selling lemonade on ways to improve > their process. > > 10. You get all excited when it's Saturday and you can wear sweats to > work. > >  9. You refer to the tomatoes grown in your garden as deliverables. > >  8. You find you really need PowerPoint to explain what you do for a > living. > >  7. You normally eat out of vending machines and at the most expensive > restaurant in town in the same week. > >  6. You think that "progressing an action plan" and "calendarizing a > project" are acceptable English phrases. > >  5. You know the people at the airport hotels better than you know your > next-door neighbours. > >  4. You ask your friends to "think out of the box" when making Friday > night  plans. > >  3. You think Einstein would have been more effective if he had put his > ideas into a matrix. > >  2. You think a "half day" means leaving at 5 o'clock. > > > And the number 1 sign you've had too much of the 90's: > >  1. You get most of your jokes in e-mail instead of in person. > > 
 This is getting a bit confusing - is this list included in Bryan's "Final" list? 
 Should we have Alan in this as well? 
 Looks fine to me. 
 These look ok.  I'm still unhappy with using an average of the index for each day when there is only one index for the entire month but I guess we're stuck with it for now. 
 Also fine - with the same "averaging" concern. 
 This one looks like it is in the "rejected" category.  How should I proceed? 
 My only concern is that it looks like we are modifying the NYMEX price twice - once in the second sentence and then again in th definition of Index. 
 Here is the revised list - there are several European entities that we showed in our database so I have highlightedd them as well.  There were also several from Friday's list that were still there so I have also bolded those.  I'll try to track down what happened with those entities (Cinergy, DPL, NJ Nat Gas, Niagara Mohawk & Washington Gas Light). 
 Carol:  As Tana mentioned in our meeting, the Credit guys are in discussions with Aspect as to who should be the counterparty to the swap (we think it should be JEDI, they think it should be ECT).  There is a master agreement in place between JEDI I and Inland (which suggests that there is probably a swap in place that maybe should have been transferred and still binds JEDI I).  Mark 
 I have read the Lucent CA and it is OK to go ahead and keep them on the list - the CA seems to cover a relatively small transaction and expires on March 25 anyway.  We are in the process of pulling the CA's for Dow, DuPont, GE, IMC, 3M, Pitney Bowes, Praxair and Sprint. 
 Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm  Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines  I'm terribly concerned about my memory, but for the life of me I can't remember why  The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese  I almost had a psychic girlfriend but she left me before we met  I intend to live forever - so far, so good  If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?  Quantum Mechanics: The dreams stuff is made of  Televangelists: The professional wrestlers of religion  When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane  Shin: a device for finding furniture in the dark  Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy  Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder  We all have a photographic memory. Some of us have just run out of film  OK, so what's the speed of dark?  Black holes are where God divided by zero 
 Oops - that was supposed to be AT&T - Lucent is the one that lasts forever and deals with the Utility Solutions business. 
 Too bad you didn't call when you got in - I wasn't able to find Mr. B until about 8 - we missed the first half but went anyway.  Have you guys been up to anything fun lately?  Did you know T has a new job?  He's at an internet start-up called iVita. 
 He's doing PR and IR for them - what they do isn't entirely clear to me - something to do with accounting software I think.  They are going to launch a web site next month.  We'll have to get together and let him give you all the details. 
 The only ones we found any trouble with are ABB and Sanyo - the rest look clear for now.   Eklavya Sareen                02/22/2000 05:58 PM 
 What is the list of proposed Reference Entities for EnronOnline (to go live March 8?)? 
 Richard - do we have a policy regarding questions concerning pending litigation?  How should we handle these?  Mark 
 Peter:  I understand from Tana that you disagree with the advice we have received from outside counsel (Stikeman) regarding the necessary procedures/formalities involved in the taking and holding of cash as collateral in Canada.  We are in the process of revising our Canadian forms for ISDA master agreements and credit support annexes.  Would you mind checking into this issue - maybe by discussing your difference of opinion with Stikeman (I think the advice came from Fred Erickson in their Calgary office)?  I don't want to make our forms overly complicated or impose burdens on ourselves that aren't required by law.  Thanks,  Mark 
 Do any of you guys know about this deal? 
 Paul -  Thanks for your voice mail.  We can't print the list of Reference Entities from the website because we have not been given access.  We do need to get that list to the various other reviewers in Houston and I am sure that is the list that Michael referred to.  The EnronOnline people are probably concerned because they don't have a final list of Reference Entities for their launch.  That list absolutely must be scrubbed by the other GC's before it is approved.  Mark 
 Did you get a chance to look at the Credit GTC? 
 Carol St. Clair will be the swap lawyer for this transaction. 
 This is the site you had trouble looking at a few weeks ago - I had to send the address a couple of times. 
 Thanks - I needed a good smile today. 
 Does this affect only the "booking" of the transactions?  That is, from the contract point of view the trade is still done today, and should be dated the dy the trade was done, even though we may not get it into the bood until the following day.  Sort of an internal vs. external issue.    Enron North America Corp. 
 There are still certain jurisdictions where we are not offering the product: Germany and Canada come to mind. 
 Richard:  In the US we have changed our swap agreement forms to provide for arbitration in order to avoid having to explain the intricacies of derivatives trading to judges or, God forbid, juries.  In Canada we are continuing to submit to the jurisdiction of Canadian courts (on the theory that there are no juries in civil actions and arbitration is rarely used in Canadian contracts generally).  As we are presently in the process of revising our UK swap agreement forms, I guess it's time to revisit the issue as it applies to UK agreements.  Currently we agree to UK law and the jurisdiction of UK courts (where there are no juries in civil actions).  Should this continue to be our policy or should we begin going for arbitration in the UK contracts also?  I would ask Paul and Scott to let Richard and me know if arbitration is widely enough used in UK agreements that we can get away with asking for it.  Thanks,  Mark 
 Bryan -  In fact, in order to get this first list of 200 or so on the non-transactional web page, we conducted only a very brief legal review in Houston - th full review takes much longer since it involves input from a variety of people.  Mark 
 David -  The Password Application and ETA look fine to me.  Mark 
 That is correct. 
 It never ends. 
 Do you want legal bills for this aspect of the project sent through on the EnronOnline work order or separately? 
 Thanks for your card and hello to the whole family.  I didn't know you guys were in Mass.  Is this a long term move?  Things are still pretty much the same in Houston.  We'd certainly look forward to seeing more of you down this way! 
 As we discussed, attached is the new list of proposed reference entities.  I have also attached my previous memo outlining the propsosed business and our concerns. 
 Can we do the call at 3:00 Houston time? 
 I'll be there - is it really only to last 2 hours? 
 Why is Enron's stock so volatile now? Since today's session started, ENE has lost another $2.50!  Mr. Ken Lay replies I haven't had a chance to check our stock today, but I think for several reasons it's more volatile. But before I comment on that, our stock price is still up even if it went down that much today. It's up 40% since the beginning of the year when the Dow was down. As recently as mid-December, the stock price is up about 75%. That's one reason why it's so volatile. Some people bought in along the way, they've had a good strong increase, particularly with the uncertainty in the marketplace, people just want to take some money off the table. As we become more of a technology stock, a high P/E stock, a growth stock held by growth portfolios, you're going to have more volatility, just like all the other companies that fit into that category. Throughout the market, technology stocks quite often go up or down not just $3-$4 a whack, but often $10-$12-$15 a whack. What I tell Mark Koenig is I love that volatility on the upside, but I hate it on the down side.  We've had a change in the ownership of our stock. Increasingly, it's being bought by the growth portfolio managers, and increasingly it's being sold by the value and other portfolio managers that picked it up at much lower valuations, and now at these values they want to take their money and put it back into lower P/E stocks. I know this makes everybody a little nervous, but this is probably the world we're in now. I'd rather be in this world with a 50 P/E than the more stable world with a 20 P/E. 
 I have explained to Bryan that the legal due-diligence effort for reference entities for trading on EnronOnline will be a lengthier process than that which we were able to accomplish before the launch of the EnronCredit.com page.  That process is now underway.  Going forward, I would hope that we will have more lead time and be able to complete the process for both sites before a reference entity is used. 
 I'm not sure anyone told you about this - can you make it on Friday? 
 I'm not sure what "penalites" they're referring to.  I assume it's a physical concept.   If we trade power with these guys I guess you would be the right person.  If it's gas, probably Stacy. 
 Please give me a call and we can discuss.  Shari is now definately moving to power trading (not public yet) so we really need to figure out how we are going to cover all the bases - short and long term.  I will be out the 14th through the 17th and plan to be in S.A. the last week in March.  It would be grea if we could both be there for the second seminar (looks like the more pertinent to our issues) but I hate to think of Carol left all by herself that much.  Let's see what we can figure out to make sure everything is covered. 
 I am not available at all on Friday through Tuesday but the meeting can go ahead without me if necessary.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Here is a set of disclaimers for your website.  Have you looked into getting the name trademarked?  If not, let me know and I can try and move that along from here. 
 Sorry - it looks like I can not attend.  My travel schedule is pretty tight this month - do you think it makes sense to set something up for April?    Enron North America Corp. 
 David -  I am putting together the request for assistance from local counsel in Japan in preparation for opening up EnronOnline to Japanese counterparties.  If you have a copy of the request you sent to MSJ when you started working on this for Australia it would be very helpful to me.  I have what we've used in Europe but would be grateful for your thoughts as well.  Thanks,  Mark 
 That's perfect - let's aim for May - thanks    Enron North America Corp. 
 Ken:  Mark H. asked me to forward to you this initial draft term sheet.  We would like to talk to you, and presumably one of your colleagues, tomorrow regarding the possible antitrust implications of the proposed structure. Please give me a call and we can schedule a time.  Thanks,  Mark 
 Moses, Jesus and an old man are golfing. Moses steps up to the tee and hits the ball. It goes sailing over the fairway and lands in a water trap. Moses walks down, parts the water and chips the ball onto the green.  Jesus steps up to the tee and hits the ball. It goes sailing over the fairway and lands in the water trap. Jesus just walks on the water and chips the ball onto the green.  The old man steps up to the tee and hits the ball. It goes sailing over the fairway and heads for the water trap. But just before it falls into the water, a fish jumps up and grabs the ball in its mouth. As the fish is falling back down into the water, an eagle swoops down and grabs the fish in its claws.  The eagle flies over the green, where a lightning bolt shoots from the sky and barely misses it. Startled, the eagle drops the fish.  When the fish hits the ground, the ball pops out of its mouth and rolls into the hole for a hole-in-one.  Jesus turns to the old man and says, "Dad, if you don't stop fooling around, we won't bring you next time." 
 Dave - Do we have a copy of this marked to show the changes fromt he NA ETA? 
 I had assumed we were going to have a separate PA for the Auction-only counterparties.  The PA contains an unfortunate reference to the ETA which will need to change if they will only be accepting the Auction-only agreement. 
 May I also point out that we went to great pains to keep the PA to a single page.  This one looks like it runs over to the second page - at least as laid out here.  I was also under the impression that a completed registration form was required before a user ID and password could be issued.  While I don't object to having an address for notices on the PA, I don't think it is necessary in North America if we have a completed registration form. 
 Then from a legal perspective I don't have any issues.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Edmund -  I have reviewed the long descriptions I was given for the credit derivatives (I can't tell if they are current) and have substantial comments - I have attached what I have come up with (sorry it's in 2 pieces).  Basically I don't think we should be restating something in the Long Description that is already covered (sometimes with different language) in the GTC - this only creates an ambiguity and is not necessary to form a complete contract.  My other concern - and I have not been able to draft language to fix it - is that I can't find any definition of the Seller Payment amount and I don't think the Buyer Payment language works  -  can you give me a call so we can discuss my concerns? 
 Ken - here is another (brand new) issue Mark H. asked me to forward on to you that he would like to discuss this afternoon in the anti-trust call. 
 This looks good to me.  Thanks! 
 I have asked Kaye for copies of the CA's referred to.  I agree completely re: the need for a procedure.  Let me know what you think about the following:  1. Commercial team identifies the proposed reference entity (RE) and forwards the name to Credit.  At the same time, the commercial team should be identifying any Enron relationship with the proposed RE and discussing the proposal with the appropriate relationship head(s).  2. Credit reviews the proposed RE and approves or rejects (so far there have been many rejections so this makes sense as a next cut).  If approved, Credit notifies the commercial team which then forwards the approval to Legal together with the results of their investigations regarding other Enron relationships.  3. Legal conducts a "screening" Confidentiality Agreement review locally and forwards the name to the other Enron legal groups for similar review.   If the screen reveals confidentiality agreements with the RE or any of its affiliates, the commercial team should be consulted to determine the appropriate level of further review.  If the commercial team considers the RE the subject of legitimate transactional interest, detailed review of the confidentiality agreements and their impact may be appropriate.  In addition, if the confidentiality agreement screens are passed, Legal should analyze the "other Enron relationships" to determine if they raise any legal concerns. Upon final approval, Legal notifies the commercial team (copying Credit).  Something this involved may make sense only for RE's that will be offered on the website.  Perhaps a streamlined version would suffice for RE's only offered pursuant to an unsolicited request. 
 Rod - can you tell me who the current proposed reference entity is and how it is related to the Duke companies that are parties to the confidentiality agreements listed below?  I need to know who the parents are and who the subsidiaries are and, if it is a subsidiary if it is a material sub of the reference entity.  Thanks,  Mark 
 Tana -  Please forward copies of the ETA and PA to Paul Davis (e-mail address above).  If you don't have them in your directory, Frank Davis should be able to get them to you.  Thanks,  Mark 
 Martin:  My assistant, Jan Dobernecker, tells me that Sylvia Sauseda has arranged for an office for you here on the 38th floor.  The room number is EB3850.  Sylvia is in the process of arranging for a telephone and computer for your office and will talk to HR about a badge.  HR should have the badge waiting for you at the desk in the lobby when you arrive.  If it isn't and your HR person is not available, just call Jan Dobernecker at x33427 and she will tell them to let you in.  Sylvia will also attempt to find parking for you.  If you haven't heard from her by Friday, I suggest you park in any of the uncovered lots near the building on Monday morning.  They are more reasonably priced than the garages (which sometimes charge $20 or more for a single day if you don't have a contract).  We're looking forward to seeing you!  Have a good trip.  Mark 
 Yes, this is fine with me. 
 Edmund:  Rod Nelson has just informed me that Credit will not be approving Duke Energy Trading & Marketing as a reference entity.  I don't think it makes sense to review the various Duke confidentiality agreements at this point.  Please let me know if the situation changes.  Mark 
 Can I get a copy?  I don't really know what we're talking about. 
 Rod - I got your voice mail & we can talk when I get back.  Here is a note I sent to Edmund last week with a suggestion - let me know what you think. 
 I certainly haven't seen anything and there is nothing in our database - you might check with Shari Stack (I'm in Portland until Wed.). 
 Lori - here is the initial "wish list" from the credit derivatives people. If you can focus on these first and let me know about them I'd appreciate it. 
 Any idea what Bryan plans to gain this way?  It's not clear to me that a hard wall solves our problems with RE approvals but that's because I don't know. Maybe Ken can shed some light on this. 
 David -  Thanks for your note.  Just to keep you posted - I plan to be there with my boat but will return to my slip at Kemah Harbor and drive over to the party so I won't add to the size of your raft.  Mark 
 What time is the game on Saturday? 
 I have received reactions from several of the other Enron operating companies (EBS, EES and GPG) requesting that the following entities be placed on the Restricted List for credit derivatives Reference Entities:  AT&T Corp. Baltimore Gas & Electric Company Bell Atlantic Corporation BellSouth Corp. Cable & Wireless plc Comdisco, Inc. Cox Communications, Inc. Intel IBM Lucent Technologies Monsanto SBC Communications Sun Microsystems Union Carbide Viacom Wisconsin Electric Power Company Wisconsin Gas Company  These companies were those on the attached list (forwarded to the various General Counsels on 2/28) which were found to be objectionable for one reason or another.  I have not yet heard from the former EI companies. 
 Mark - This doesn't look familiar to me - is it yours? 
 I have not been given any reasons - the most "considered" list came from EBS where I feel sure some of them were commercial.  I'm not so sure about the EES and GPG lists.  These lists are going to some fairly senior people.  I'm a bit hesitant to add to their workload if it isn't necessary.  My suggestion would be that we ask for reasons or maybe further research on only those you particularly want to list. 
 We had hoped to have an answer from local counsel in Japan by the end of last week.  Unfortunately we have not yet heard from them.  Alan Aronowitz has sent an e-mail asking for an update on their progress.  As soon as we have their answers to our questions, we will be able to prepare an ETA for counterparties trading from Japan. 
 Hi Mary.  Barbara tells me there's a better-than-good chance you will be coming back to join the department.  Hooray!  I was hoping we could chat about how you would feel about joining the financial trading group this time around.  I'm leaving for the airport in just a bit to head out of town for the rest of the week but would be happy to talk when I get back and you should feel free to talk to Carol and Sara in the meantime.  Mark T. 
 Mark H. suggested this morning that he, you and I should plan on getting together for dinner on Thursday evening.  I'm leaving for the airport here in a few minutes and will be reachable in Amsterdam at the Grand Hotel or on my mobile - 44-7881-512-535. 
 Hmmm. - Barbara wasn't 100% sure of your e-mail address....... 
 one more try..... 
 I will not be able to attend Thursday's call. 
 Did we ever talk about this?  The traders (Bob Crane in particular) are giving Dale a hard time - they want to start trading this way immediately. 
 my comments made below 
 Just between you and me, I'm astonished -- delighted but astonished, that they fugured their way through all of those Japanese holidays and the aftermath.  I'm told that the advice from Japanese counsel was recieved yesterday but I haven't read it yet.  I don't anitcipate any problems.  I can't tell from these e-mails if they are talikng about sending out initial packets on May 11 or going live for Japanese counterparties then (all of whom must then have already executed PAs and been approved). 
 Thanks very much Anita - that makes good sense to me.  I'll coordinate through QD. 
 I guess it depends on where you got the prices - were they from a particular publication?  If not, I would suggest that you go to the NYMEX website and check for older prices there and you can cite to that.  Let me know if that doesn't work. 
 Do we have a Netherlands ETA? 
 That's fine with me. 
 David:  Tana and I would like to talk with you to set up the counterparty approval process for EnronOnline regarding Australian counterparties (trading Australian and other products) and Australian products being traded by non-Australian counterparties.  The EnronOnline people are anxious that Tana be designated their liaison and we need to figure out what she can do and what you (or someone else in Australia) need to do as part of this process going forward.  Any chance you might be available for a telephone conversation about this at 9:00 am your time (5:00 pm Houston time) today?  Mark 
 My attempts to open this link result in an error message that I am not authorized to perform that operation. 
 Pets In the Office It's A Growing Trend  In the dog-eat-dog world of business, there's a growing trend at some companies. Workers are bringing their pets to the office.  Chip Paucek, who produces educational videos and television programs, has been taking his golden retriever, Hoss, to work for the last five years. Paucek and Hoss visited The Early Show and talked with Co-Anchor Jane Clayson.  The dog has became the office mascot, says Paucek. "He brings a lot of emotion and people love it. He's very relaxed."  But Paucek, as co-president of his company, has the freedom to bring Hoss to the office if he wishes. Not everybody can bring their pet to work.  "A lot of it depends on the dog," says Paucek, who explains that Hoss is not a rowdy dog.  "He just hangs out," explains Paucek. "He's easy to get along with."  Hoss has free rein at the office. When Paucek is away on trips, "My wife brings him in and drops him off at the office," Paucek says.  While there are plenty of positives to pets in the workplace, there are also many legal issues to consider. John Challenger, CEO of an international placement company, agrees that the trend of bringing pets to the work place is really growing.  "More and more companies in this tight labor market are trying to make their working place employee-friendly and many are looking at bringing pets into the workplace," says Challenger  He points out, however, that there are serious issues that employers and employees need to explore before they adopt a pets-in-the-office policy.  "One of the things that the companies must do, before they jump into a policy like that, is take a poll of their employees and find out what they're thinking. If you have certain employees that don't feel comfortable with pets, you might want to rethink the policy."  There are liability questions as well. For example, the company might be liable if a dog or cat bites or scratches another employee.  "The company ought to talk with their attorneys before they put this kind of policy in effect," says Challenger. "The employee needs to understand that if their dog bites someone or the cat scratches someone, it can't be the company's fault."  Allergies are a major deterrent to bringing cats to the office.  "Many people are allergic to cat hair. You have to think, as an employer, will you put them in a certain part of your space. What about people who are afraid of animals? Many don't feel comfortable with them around. Just how many do you want? Do you want cats and dogs and what about birds? What about the noise of birds?"  Paucek admits that when there's more than one pet in the office, "It gets chaotic."  In 1997, the American Animal Hospital Association surveyed 1,225 pet owners. They found that:  21% of those surveyed had taken their pets to work 76% feel guilty about leaving their pets at home while they're on the job 33% said they leave a TV or radio on for their animals   If a company decides to allow pets in the office, they should:  poll employees before they let the pets come provide a written policy about pets and list which pets are not welcome in the office establish an off-limits-to-pets area make sure employees bring documents proving pets are vaccinated bar noisy, destructive, or messy animals from the office tell employees to keep control of their animals at all times   If many employees want to bring their pets to the office, the company should make a rotating schedule.  When the pets-in-the-office policy does work, it's great. Paucek says when he and Hoss arrive at work, "I get off the elevator. He goes one way and I go the other. He says hello to the employees. He has his own web page." 
 This looks good to me so I will go ahead and approve it unless you have an objection. 
 This doesn't seem to allow me to approve. 
 Here is the e-mail we received from ISDA.  Since we only have $500 left and they are suggesting $1000 for the lunch, I'm not sure it makes sense to send someone.  I've left a voice-mail for Stacey to ask where they stand and whether or not they still want us to send someone. 
 Hey guys!  Wow - 10 acres - sounds like a ranch!  I'm still working at Enron in Houston - it's a good size energy company and the subsidiary I work for does a lot of trading of electricity and energy commodities like natural gas and oil.  I'm in the legal department and work on derivatives trading contracts and issues.  I just got promoted a few days ago so I guess things are going well.  I had an e-mail from Paul Palmer a year or so ago and sent a note back but haven't heard from him since.  Mark Kopinski & I stay in touch - he's in New York managing a couple of international mutual funds.  He & Debbie adopted a little girl (Celena) from China and seem very happy living in a high-rise in the middle of Manhattan.  I get up there on business a few times a year and try to stop in to say hi.  I was in Monmouth for our 20 year class "reunion" last June.  There were only 2 of us there and I didn't even remember the other guy!  Oh well, maybe the 25th will be a bigger draw.  C.F.&S., Mark 
 Stacy Carey called back to say that the $500 would appreciated as would a person to attend.  I didn't know if you had anyone who could go so I suggested that someone from your office call her on Monday morning to discuss details.  Stacy's number is (202)457-6545. 
 Cynthia:  Here is a first draft of an agenda for our meeting this afternoon.  Mark 
 Here is the revised Koch confirmation marked to show the changes. 
 I realized after I had sent the Koch confirmation to you (but before I faxed it to Koch) that I might have given too much away by using the Effective Date as the Buyer Payment Date.  In the version I send to Koch I will change that to Trade Date.  You can always change it to a later date if you want to tomorrow. 
 I believe that this is not the GTC but rather the master agreement used for bandwidth.  I spoke with Cynthia Harkness, one of the bandwidth lawyers, last week.  My impression was that the bandwidth trading documentation was still in flux and they were waiting for it to settle down before preparing a GTC. 
 Attached is the confirmation revised to include Ken's most recent comments. 
 Tana - please mark up the draft with these comments so I can see what they look like. 
 Jay -  Thanks for your note.  This definitely falls into the "(b)" category.  The problem is that there are sooooo many things in the b pile already that I can't tell you exactly when this will be resolved.  Having said that, I agree that the weather information is probably the least risky, but it might be helpful if you were to visit their sites and see if there is any comment about further use of the information posted there.  As for the others, a little additional information would be helpful.  For instance, I know we were in discussions with NGTL at one time and were unwilling to sign the letter they asked for.  Was there ever any follow-up with them on that?  Is there any correspondence at all (it doesn't have to look like an official contract).  Is the Telerate information also available from other sources?  Is it possible that Telerate gets it out really fast and that is their advantage but others are right behind with the same or very similar information?  Do we have an agreement of any kind with Telerate regarding the services they provide to us?  Thanks for your help and continuing attention to this - I agree we should be trying to do this the "right" way.  Mark   James Bruce   03/30/2000 02:33 AM 
 There are no requests awaiting my approval. 
 Thanks for the messages - I have not heard anything since they left.  VERY good news! 
 Scott:  The response from Richard is that we are happy with UK courts so long as our counterparty is in the UK, but if we have a counterparty on the continent and there is any chance that submission to the exclusive jurisdiction of UK courts might not be fully enforced in the counterparty's country, we should go to arbitration.  In other words, we would prefer arbitration to ending up in court in a jurisdiction in Europe.  Let's add this to the list of topics to discuss when I'm in London.  Thanks,  Mark 
 I'm not sure - I thought we were not adding any products -- just opening existing products to Japanese counterparties.  Is he talking about the existing GTC's for petroleum products? 
 http://www.fortune.com/fortune/fortune500/enr.html 
 (713)661-5521 (home) 
 RedMeteor.com=09www.redmeteor.com=09Broker/matching site =09=09Crude Oil, Electricity, Natural Gas, and Natural Gas Liquids HoustonStreet.com=09www.houstonstreet.com=09Broker/matching site =09=09Electricity Altra Energy Technologies, Inc.=09www.altra.com=09Broker/matching site with= some=20 electronic back-office services and software packages =09=09Natural Gas, Power Enermetrix.com Exchange=09www.enermetrix.com=09Many-to-many Exchange? =09=09Electricity Coral=09www.coralconnect.com=09=01&One-to-many=018 proprietary site Bloomberg Power Match=09=09 =09=09 NGX=09www.ngx.com=09Many-to-many Exchange w/ clearing =09=09Natural gas CoalHub=09www.freemarkets.coalhub.com=09Auction site =01) details unknown =09=09Coal =09=09 =09=09 Essentials=09www.essentials.com=09Retail electricity, natural gas, propane,= =20 internet access, communications Utility.com=09www.utility.com=09Retail electricity, internet service provid= er and=20 home warranties =09=09 ChemConnect=09www.chemconnect.com=09Broker/matching site =09=09Chemicals GE Polymerland=09www.gepolymerland.com=09=01&Big Toe=018 for polymer resins= ? PlasticsNet=09www.plasticsnet.com=09 =09=09 RateXchange=09=09Bandwidth =09=09 =09=09 PetroCosm=09www.petrocosm.com=09=01&Energy Industry Marketplace=018 =01) pr= obably limited to=20 oil filed equipment, etc. Schlumberger IndigoPool=09www.indigopool.com=09Information only re: Oil and= Gas properties=20 offered for sale 
 Are you planning to attend the planning committee meeting in Monmouth next week?  I'm setting up dinner with Doc (instead of the Private Dining Room affair) in case you're interested. 
 When I try to open the link I get an error message saying "You are not authorized to perform that operation."  There are still no requests awaiting my approval in the SRRS icon on my desktop.  Sorry! 
 Doc:  The schedule calls for the meetings to end at 5:00.  There's also a play (The Merry Wives of Windsor) that night and we can work around that if you were planning on going.  Mark 
 Thanks for forwarding all of this stuff - so far it has all been mine.  I think your name must come up automatically for some of these folks when they just type in Mark Taylor.  It's not nearly as bad as when there was another Mark E Taylor - and he wasn't nearly as nice about it either (instead of forwarding them to me, he would send them back to the senders with sometimes nasty notes like 'try to get it right next time').   Luckily for both you and me he is no longer with Enron -- can you imagine how bad it would be if there were three of us?  When I get these, I usually send a note back to the sender letting them know that there are two of us and they need to pay attention when addressing things to one or the other.  Mark 
 "Good meal" in Monmouth?  Not sure if that is really possible by your standards.  I had the Barnstormer in mind.  It pretty much has to be better than the food at the Stockdale Center. 
 You might want to take a read through this one more time just to make sure I have it the way you want it. 
 We have an opening for a paralegal in the Financial Trading group.  In the past we have been very successful with referrals from members of the Legal Dept. who know of paralegals with whom they have worked in local law firms who might be willing to move.  Please give this a little thought and if you know of a good paralegal in town, let me or Tana Jones know so we can contact them.  Thanks for you help.  Mark 
 Approved. 
 I had a note back from Doc asking if we wanted to go to the play after dinner.  If we're not interested he can go on Sunday but if we want to go he'll get us tickets.  I can go either way - what do you think? 
 Thanks for your note - I'll keep those items in mind.  It seems pretty clear to me that the Pres. has something of a bricks and mortar agenda and some gentle nudges towards a more academic path may be needed.   I asked Mark Kopinski, who is also coming to the planning meeting, if he wanted to join us for dinner so I've sent him a note asking if he wants to go to the play or not - I'll let you know what he says - I have mixed feelings since I'd like to see the play but would regret the time we could have spent chatting. 
 Please order enough books for the swaps group and a few extras. 
 Alan:  Regarding the legal comments below:  My impression was that the Joe had settled the choice of law issue:  i.e. the umbrella documents (Password Application and Electronic Trading Agreement) will be identical to those used in North America containing a New York choice of law provision.  These agreements have been approved by local counsel in Japan.  This is till my recommendation unless the commercial team decides that a document governed by Japanese law is essential.  As is the case for all EnronOnline trading, the online GTC's governing various commodities contain an appropriate choice of law for that product (e.g. English law for UK gas, New York law for US derivatives, etc.) regardless of where the counterparty is situated.  When a Japanese product is offered, I would assume that you will create a GTC governed by Japanese law, but last I heard that bridge is still ahead of us.  I don't know what the "international contracts" are that Rousseau refers to. There is no standard agreement for online trading.  The ETA provides that if a counterparty and the relevant Enron entity have a master agreement in place (such as an ISDA Master Agreement for derivatives trading [is this what Rousseau had in mind?]) such master will control the relevant transactions. The choice of law in that master would be the subject of negotiation at the time the master was signed.  In summary, unless the commercial team has changed its mind on the documents, the legal side of things is ready to go.  Mark 
 Rousseau:  I have copied you on an e-mail to Alan Aronowitz which may answer your questions.  If not, please feel free to call and we can discuss your issues. If I am not at hand when you call, my assistant can book a particular time on my calendar so we won't be trading calls forever.  Mark 
 Mark K thought the play sounded like a good idea so if you could get tickets for us that would be great.  My flight out isn't until around 11:00 Friday morning so I can always stay up late to chat!  I'll be there Thursday morning, too - I'm supposed to attend a lecture at 11 but am free before that - any Chemistry classes or labs I should sit in on?  Mark 
 Any further news from Russia?  There's a good chance I'll have to go to DC for a day tomorrow & if they're back I might be able to get up there to see them - I could try and get an early enough flight tomorrow afternoon that I could spend the evening with them. 
 FYI 
 What do you think?  OK with me, although I think I'm supposed to leave for South America on Sunday evening (gone 5 days or so - this is the trip that has been postponed twice already so I won't be surprised if it is delayed again). 
 Nobody is leaving - it's a new position. 
 Allison -  I don't think they were expecting Cynthia to attend these meetings with me - there will only be one representative from each of the three companies.  I did want her to know what meetings had been set up for me though and to know I was in town that day in case she wanted me to see anyone else.  My flight out isn't until after 7:00 pm. and I assume that the Luken meeting will be over around 3:00.    Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI 
 Just a heads up - Mark H. asked me to set up a day that he and I could come to your office to discuss the legal issues surrounding electronic confirmations of transactions generally but in particular those done over EnronOnline.  I'll check with his assistant and get a couple of potential dates. 
 Hey Marc! - We're in town this weekend - let us know if you plan something. 
 Mario -  We have conducted our initial legal due diligence for the EnronOnline launch in Japan.  The advice we have received is that to the extent the agreements are enforceable under the law chosen (e.g. New York for the PA and ETA) they should be enforceable in Japan as well.  Local counsel is aware of our business and has not identified any other legal pitfalls.  We have not looked into the registration of domain names in Japan.  Please let me know if this is required.  Mark 
 Thanks for your note - I am actually checking my e-mail with my laptop at the airport in Minneapolis.  I was in DC on Wednesday (too bad Tim & Sharon aren't back) and then flew on to Monmouth (well, flew most of the way - the closest airport is still a bit over an hour drive away) for a capital campaign planning committee meeting.  Mark Kopinski was there and he and I had dinner with Dr. Kieft (our fraternity advisor and one of my chem. professors) who is still teaching.  I'm now on my way back to Houston - flight delayed but shouldn't be getting back too late.  Hope you are well.  Love,  Mark 
 Are you sure about this?  I didn't know I had a NY bar number. 
 Looks good to me. 
 Robbi:  The CFTC issued a Regulatory Framework for some new regulations in late February, a copy of which is attached.  No proposed regulations have resulted but could come out at any time now.  There is also some activity on the Hill (bills percolating through various committees: House Banking, House Agriculture and Senate Agriculture) which are also of interest.  We have been monitoring these developments and I'd be happy to talk them over with you. Please give me a call if you'd like at x37459.  Mark 
 I don't think this one will work for us - we would prefer a college degree. 
 Angelica lacks an undergraduate degree. 
 Yes, so far that is the plan. 
 The PA and ETA for Japanese counterparties will be identical to those for North America unless they need revision for some commercial reason.  I will try and get to the FAQ's tomorrow. 
 Sorry I didn't get to you today - I have kept a slot on my calendar at 9:00 Houston time tomorrow if that works for you. 
 I will not be able to attend. 
 I will be out the 5th but plan to be here the 12th and 24th. 
 I have not - happy to coordinate with you. 
 See my answers below. 
 Can't we just transfer the billing to me? 
 Alvin:  It was good to meet you at lunch the other day.  Here are my address details if you need them.  Mark E. Taylor Enron North America Corp. (EB3889) 1400 Smith St. Houston, TX 77002  (713)853-7459  Mark.Taylor@enron.com 
 We generally do not give legal advice to our counterparties - regarding tax or other legal consequences to their trading.  The only thing we could safely say would be something to the effect of "If you are concerned about the tax consequences of your EnronOnline transactions, please consult your tax advisor." 
 Here are my FAQ comments - all of the existing answers are still correct. 
 Nedre:  We have interviewed four candidates so far and may be able to decide on one of them - the group will be meeting early next week to discuss everyone's reactions to the interviews.  If you have other resumes we would be happy to look at them - my own view is that while these candidates would be OK, they are not superstars (like the person we are losing).  Mark 
 Stanford:  My only remaining comment would be a request that the we have a week to provide the notice we are required to give if we are unable to obtain the exchange consents - that would mean changing the date to September 7, 2000 at the end of the sentence.  Otherwise it all looks good to me.   I will forward everything on to Mark Holsworth for his final review - particularly with respect to the affiliates issue.  Thanks very much for your help in getting this done.  Mark 
 Mark:  Here is the most recent draft of the Reuters document.  You will see that while they didn't give us everything we asked for, they made significant progress on the indemnity.  I'm not sure they have satisfied your concern regarding the Enron affiliates issues - they have added in subsidiaries in several places but refused to change the definition of "Distributor" to include affiliates.  If you need a complete set of all of the drafts we have been through (to see all of the marked changes) let me or Dave Samuels know and we can forward them to you (I think there were at least 4 versions since the draft we discussed with them the other day).  Since I will be in Brazil on Monday, it might make sense for you to coordinate your reactions with Dave.  If you need me, please leave a voice-mail or ask  my assistant (Taffy x57373) to track me down.  Mark 
 Hi Dave:  Thanks for your note!  It's hard to believe that Washington House was over twenty years ago now.  I left DC at the end of that summer and went to law school in Michigan.  My first job after graduating was for a law firm in Houston.  They opened a New York office in the mid 80's and I went there to help out.  The office wasn't successful but I loved living in New York so I moved to another firm there and stayed for almost 8 years total.  One of those years was spent working in Asia - primarily Indonesia and Hong Kong. I've now moved back to Houston where I am a lawyer with Enron - a large energy company - and focus on derivatives and online trading legal issues. We have offices in several countries around the world which I get to visit periodically.  I'm actually writing this from Buenos Aires where I'm helping them get some products ready to trade online.  I get back to Washington a couple of times a year to do some lobbying for the company and may actually have been there when you were in town - I think I was there the 11th & 12th.  I've stayed in touch with Doc Kieft and Mark Kopinski and get back to M.C. from time to time.  Mark lives in New York where he manages a couple of international mutual funds for American Century.  I was on the Alumni Board for a few years so got back for their meetings at Homecoming and got to see the people who came back - unfortunately I haven't really stayed in touch very well.  There have been a number of changes to the campus since our time so you may be surprised if you haven't been back for a while - of course Woodbine is gone, there's a new theater, a big addition to the gym and several major interior renovations.  And I understand there are big plans for more - they are going to close Sixth Street, tear down Gibson and expand the campus a block to the west with at least one new dorm, a big expansion to the sports facilities (indoor track, pool, etc.) and a redesign of the library. Enrollment is up above 1000.  Congratulations on your successful career - who would have thought when we got out of school so many years ago that Monmouth grads could do this well! There are doctors, bankers, chemists and lawyers everywhere you look.  I guess we really did learn something while we were there.  Let me know if you ever get to Texas.  It would be fun to get together and catch up.  Mark Taylor 1322 Rutland St. Houston, TX 77008 (713)863-7190(home) (713)853-7459(work) 
