st weeks meetings... I thought the time together was well spent and there is some action items required on all parties.  We will follow up directly with Pemex on some contractual issues and potential transport deals.  Did you get anywhere with regards to your regulatory matters?  Is there any specific action required by west gas at this time, if so, pls contact me to coordinate?  regards,  BT 
 We need to figure out how much short term and long term obligations Pemex believes they will have in the next 1 - 5,10 years.  The more obligation they have at the border, the better off we are..  What they used to deliver upstream of the border, we can replace for them synthetically.  Pls update and let's discuss in next couple of days.  BT 
 Jessica, pls schedule Chris for Thurs. BT 
 Dave, I have discussed the schedule related to orig track and until further notice, we will suspend interviews and discussions.  Louise does expect that this program will continue but agrees that at this time, priorities lie elsewhere!  Pls contact me if there are any questions, otherwise can you coordinate with Karen Buckley ( et al ).  Let's re-visit program in mid-december.  regards,  Barry Tycholiz 
 Bill, as part of our conference call this a.m.... please have Debbie identify the top 20 companies that we have out of the money positions to and that we would want to assign in the money deals to. Included in this list we must know the contractual terms of these counter parties including, company name, collateral threshold limits, collateral posted, type of contract ( gas or power ...etc.) Physical or financial. Master Netting...  In addition to this, we must determine if we can cross pollinate agreements... I.E... a gas agreement is used to offset a power position or vice versa.  Lot's of questions but to start, let's get your list of " Co's who are seeking collateral from us today" and fill in some of these blanks.  Thanks, BT 
 Jeff, I believe that your total loss payable equates to $55.00. John and I netted out  so you can pay me directly.  Thanks, BT 
 Home 713 667 9556 Cell: 713 302 6442  Not sure about the fax but will get back to you. BT 
 Yes I will be right there 
 Steph,0ls contact pgt and ensure that they are now aware that cnrl is going to et this pipe.  I would suggest you talk to schonne. 
 Pls send pictures...... 
 Received doc....I will review but agree that we are almost there.  BT 
 Kim, can you call me upon receipt of this e-mail.. I require a confirm to be raised as part of a complicated three way transaction.  Barry Tycholiz - 713-853-1587.  BT 
 Can you please handle and ensure this is processed today.  ALSO, please ensure that my expenses are current.  Thanks. BT 
 thanks so much for the note.... unclear how I am holding up.... will talk soon.  BT 
 I know john is there but I was not contacted and at this time am planning to stay home .... If that changes I will drop you a line. 
 6th floor.....don't know agenda..s/b interesting.... 
 Mark's address at home is mawhitt@aol.com  BT 
 Jay, do we have copy's of all the executed documents... and if so, where are you going to put them. Also, did we change the counterparty names in the system and put in offsetting transactions with SOCAL etc.... and new positions with PG&E.  These need to go into the system. MAKE SURE YOU CHECK THIS.   BT 
 nice to know that people care... thanks so much for the note... it is a bit crazy... hope to be able to talk to you soonest.   my home phone # is 713-667-9556 incase all else blows up, but it doesn't look like it is going to right at this moment.   BT 
 David, I just received a call from Mark Whitt and Paul Lucci.  They have been advised by there banks that the cheques being deposited today will take 4 days to clear.  Although you have indicated that there are no issues related to these funds..... I am contacting you to see if there is any way to either authorize the wire immediatly or provide for a faster solution.  Thanks in advance and if you are able to do so, communicate response and cc me as required.    BT 
 Any updates 
 Testing system, pls respond to this note asap.  BT 
 Frank, call me later today re the contract sales being worked on. Lavo asked me to pull together a list and status report.  I will also being taking to Duran and Calger.  Thanks, BT 
 Mike, please ensure that as part of the dealer price quote process, we secure a long term quote to establish a MTM on this transaction. The particulars of the structure are.  Est Volume: 	 5,000 - 50,000 MMbtu/day Start Date:	June 1, 2003 - May 30, 2020 Delivery Point:	El Paso Keystone Pool Pricing Reference Point:	Gas Dailiy Daily Index Electronic Index Midpoint or the Gas Daily Daily Index Midpoint.   We need the index two way if that is possible.  Thanks, BT 
 Can one of you please secure this price for MTM purposes.  If there are any questions, let me know. BT 
 Great Pictures of the kids.... 
 Mara, it appears that the PGE Topack curve is pulling in the wrong file in the swap spread model.... pls fix.  Bt 
 Leon, the account number in the original document is actually not incorrect. This was the account to which the funds were to have been deposited to. However, SCE deposited the funds to a different account.  As a result, I agree that we should amend the document to reflect that the account where these funds where they actually ere actually sent and this will conclude our busines.  Your file did not come over correctly but if you could hand correct the original documents by changing the banking instructions and fax to me, i will provide proper signatures on amendment and we are done.  Thanks. Barry Tycholiz 713-646-2391 (Fax ) 713-853-1587 (Phone) 
 I tried to call you last night around 6:00.  I was unable to leave a message on your home machine or cell.  Really nothing too pressing but Schonne is wanting to follow up with us on our plans.. I did talk to him and told him not to assume that our PGT capacity will go to NEWCO, because NEWCO does not really exist and may never... SO, I told him to review  the tariff and make a determination as to whether or not it is still ours to use, if it isn't, then we don't really need to talk.. it they determine it is still ours, then we need to think about what the estate should do with it, including the upstream parts.  Call me this a.m.  BT 
 Jim, stephanie will be in this morning, cannot do lunch, and we will be back to you by 12:00 our time to confirm the 4:00 pm conference call.  Thanks, BT 
 stephanie, I know that Ed McMicheal has appointed someone from the estate to start to consolidate all of our transportation positions ( if any remain ) and also our obligaitons.  I will confirm his name and from here on in, you may be asked only to assist, not lead these discussions.  However, for the purposes of PGT ( at this time ), I would ask that you continue on your path of resolution.  I will follow up with Canada this a.m. to ascertain what they have done with the NOVA and ANG portions.  BT 
 I am still here and probably will be here until atleast the end of Feb.  I have had to lay off about 5 of 12 people which includes outright termination ot allocation to the estate( clean up, bucket brigade ).  I have been designated to go to the NEWCO which is the trading and marketing core asset business that will be sold lock stock and barrel to a Wall Street firm.  It is looking ok at this time and we will find out in the next couple of weeks what happens.  We are still planning to be home for christmas and plan on seeing you guys... somehow.  Talk to you soon. BT 
 Lorelie, I know we did not get to finish our conversation. call me on Friday ( if you so desire or have time) .  In thinking through this issue, I am not really sure that it matters how these deals are now being confirmed, nominated or paid. settled or netted against. I am not even sure that we can do anything to change them once we filed.  There is a good chance I am not thinking about it properly and will be happy to discuss on friday.  Thanks,  BT 
 I assume this is for my info only, or do I need to do something with it.  BT 
 Ed, if you have time now call me to discuss.  713 302 6442.   Thks BT. 
 Mark, further to our conversation of last night.  IT is important to the PROCESS that you guys complete the forms submited to you by Kelly Little... and this document gets incorporated into a master file ( being used by the exec committee.).  Can you please ensure that this document is completed asap.  As always, Thanks. BT 
 High .....merry christmas.  Thanks for the note.  Sorry for the delay in replying.  My blackberry does not work in Canada believe it or not.  I was on the phone with tech help....and we discovered this...what a pain.  Hope the holidays have treated you well... I am planning on going to work on. Weds but from what I hear not much going on.  Still a few co's kicking tires....  Keep you posted as I hear.  Cheers, BT.....m 
 I hadn't heard about his changes.... did he swith co's...  I will confirm meeting time.  Thanks, BT 
 We should get together and put this package together...let's plan on spending some time today. 
 Yes, once I complete, I will send over.  BT 
 Can you pull off some of the information from these websites.. and pull together for a discussion regarding Williston Basin.  I need, service territory info, storage field maps.. etc.  Thanks. BT 
 I am sure I will be here... Let me take you out for lunch.  BT 
 Thanks for looking after this.  I am not as interested in who or how we spent the money, but more so on where our estimates were off.  The whole reason for setting up and getting approval is being accountable to the plan.  Give me a call.... when you have a moment.  BT 
 Jessica, add Delainey's #'s... and here are Lavorato's.... #'s  Home: 713-661-6096 Work: 713-853-7991  Thanks. 
 Steph, what do you think about RFPing the PGT capacity if and when we get a standstill from Suncor...I was thinking we could send to SMUD, Morgan Stanley, Calpine, perhaps avista.  It might be a bit radical... but perhaps can drive out the highest value.  BT 
 Jessica, as part of the process when updating or adding items to my calendar or stephanies, pls send a note to me advising who it is and what the planned agenda is.  thanks, bt 
 Dave, We believe that Avista has been kicking tires on picking up some term PGT, Nova and ANG capacity... We may be selling it.  Pls hunt down a contact who handles this and find out if they want to see our piece.  We will probably have 10,000 MMBtu/day. starting out of Nov 2002. 23 years. at expansion rates.  Call stephanie or myself to discuss.  BT 
 I was in Denver when the attacks occured and then I drove from Denver to Houston ( 15 hours ) to get home... I was not in the office until thurs afternoon.  BT 
 Are you still using the Access Database for PC and if so, do you think this could be applied to Utility Usage , portfolio MTM etc?  BT 
 Can i have copies of all of these resumes pls.sort analysts, assoc... etc.  BT 
 I don't believe that the agreement you had sent to me for Cochrane is the latest version. I thought we executed a new agreement with tiered volumes... can you have someone re-check this and get back to me.  BT 
 Jeff, thanks again for attending the discussions with DWR.  Do you have any recon.... on exactly which plants DWR has the right to bring the fuel on. As Mark indicated, it was about 1/3 of their exposure, and most of that was in the south service area, but I am very interested in the actual facilities and whom used to bring fuel to them or run the units.'  There is a zero sum game on fuel... but the landscape changes depending on who buys it and how they buy it!  Any thoughts.  BT 
 Mike, I have asked INA to check into the coordination of a tour for our group( trading and marketing) prior to the official move in.  I would like to restrict the attendees to the commercial staff, traders and marketers... and this will give everyone a chance to see the new digs.. and then I would also like to suggest that we all slide out to the local watering hole for a drink... it is long overdue..  Any suggestions on a date, perhaps 3:00 - 3:30 for a tour.. then out for a drink... what about next tues....  Pls advise.  BT 
 Meeting with PG&E went OK... they are unable to commit to a letter that I had sent them on swapping out some capacity, but still very much want to trade with us and would like trade access to EOL.  PROGRESS I guess....  Flights were good.. got home around 1:45 am houston time, so it was a long day...  IF you think we can get the plant names they they are have the toll on.. .that would be great.  BT 
 Were you referring to my lunches..... ?  BT 
 Steph, why did you have two tickets for L.A....    and why will one be used for Future travel?  BT 
 I don't know about a speech... but a few words of encouragement and a kick in the ass is inorder.  BT 
 Pls make sure that you guys are attending the fundy's meeting.... mara and yourself .  Thanks. BT 
 I thought we were going to show them a number to work with.... What is this conversation about option values on the pipe?  BT 
 received your phone message, call me on thurs.  BT 
 that was today... I had heard they were sniffing around about optionality values?  It is not in the agreement. just a question. 
 Heh.... What's going on.. I was talking to Kevin the other day and he asked how you were and I soon realized that I never called you back to take you up on the beer.  Are you around this weekend.. I have tickets for the Golf tournament... for Friday and Sunday, was thinking of going. Any interest.. I will probably go sunday a.m.  Drop me a line...  PS... work is OK, I think we will be fine..every day is a new day but overall, my guys tell me we will be alright.  BT 
 Ina, please make the tour arrangements for our group for Tues Nov, 6 at 3:30. West Gas trading and West Gas orig. ( I can get you the names if you need them).  Let me know if this is booked and I will put on my calender. Other than Mike, the group does not know we are planning for this tour.   Thanks. BT 
 Jay, what is status on credit worksheet for MGI.  Pls advise. BT 
 My location number is 3206b.  pls forward packet. Thanks. BT 
 Can I have a look at this resume please. 
 Pls do not restrict my ability to kill my career.... the problem with me sending this note internally is that they would probably want to hire the writer of this note to help restructure some of our outstanding agreements. 
 for your review. BT 
 Today is my 6 year anniversary... I have yet to get a 5 year belt buckle and inlight of the fact it may be the only thing I get out of this co... would like to know what my choices are....  pls advise.  BT 
 here it is... BT 
 In a couple of years, I may not be employed... but I am sorry to hear that you cannot make it..   I am probably going to slip out on friday and catch 9 holes and then probably on sunday.. I a go, i will let you know so you can watch for me on TV.  See ya. BT 
 Mark, thanks for seeing us this week.  I am working internally to get our corporation over the top on the primary contractual and credit issues and believe I am making progress. I shall get back to you soonest.  Can you please advise as to the payables policy of DWR. For example, if I were to sell you gas via Enron Online for the month of November, would DWR be paying that invoice on the 25th of the month following delivery?  Is there any possibility that this could get paid on the 5th of the month following delivery( at least in the beginning).  Thanks in advance,  Barry Tycholiz 
 As always, would love to... How are the Kids?  If you have any new pictures, pls e-mail. Our home address is ktycholiz@houston.rr.com.  Talk to you soon.  TIC 
 WOW.... I am positive that your beautiful wife did not sign up for hauling three rug rats( plus 1 dad )  around the back streets of London.... what have you done????  I would love to talk market conditions with you but I think we are banned from doing any work for the next three months while this co. continues to fucks with my money.... HACKS !!!  Although not bitter, for years I have heard the story about being paid fair value for a job well done.. and that my time was coming...( just around the corner).... !! little did I know that when I made that turn, some guy named Jerome.( take a minute to imagine) ...was standing there with a baseball bat looking to smack my head a few times just to make sure I knew I wasn't quite there yet.  HACKS !!! 
 Info... 
 Ray... seems like its been a while since we met in San Fransisco, ....  and of course so much has happened since then.  I have been talking with our in house legal and with Canada and I know Eric and yourself have also been talking. I believe that the door has been pushed open a little and if everyone tries to get these agreements cleaned up  and executed that PG&E and Enron ( Canada & US ) can start to transact.  With that being said, there are two areas which I would like to refresh from our discussions..  1.  Did you give any further thought to the utilization of Daily gas sales as a collateral.. I truly believe that this vehicle is a very efficient,easy way for PG&E to enhance the credit with ENA and once we have a 30 day bucket... we can get you trading access to EOL.  Lot's of details to work out, but I would like to keep this discussion at the forefront. I can send the details of how this proposal would work if required. ( let me know )  2.  As discussed, ENA holds some 5 year El Paso capacity. I am looking to assign this capacity and possibly and would like to investigate your supply requirements and possible alternatives such that you can consider our capacity.  I trust all is well and look forward to talking to you soon.  Barry Tycholiz 
 Amy, can you add the cash and rest of month price for Henry Hub onto your daily pricing sheet. I think the cash to futures spreads for pretty relevant in today's market place as the cash market continues to trade well below futures.   Thanks, BT 
 GWF ??? 
 Good morning Chris.  Further to our conversation of yesterday.  I believe that your skillset would be a positive addition to the West Gas origination group. We can provide for you a new learning experience by becoming a key component of the team. You will be asked to provide real time modeling, DCF, research on wellhead to burner tip strategies. You will learn a tremendous amount about the Natural gas business with exposure stemming from the wellhead to the burner tip. Some areas include, commodity price risk structures, risk management initiatives, financial and physical markets, structured products and transportation related initiatives.  Please use this note as a formal offer of employment. I would like you to start as soon as you can.. ( next 2 weeks) and will leave this for you to think about until the end of day on Monday.  Pls contact me directly if there are any questions regarding this note or any other matters.  regards, Barry Tycholiz 
 Yes... 
 Let's discuss on Monday.. I am open to either plan.  BT 
 Mara, pls ensure that your file includes pipelines that flow east of the rockies, like trailblazer, Northern, NBPL, ( check with the Denver guys to get all the pipes.)  BT 
 Thanks for the reply..  Let's talk asap regarding this transportation. I can send you a summary sheet as to what we are looking to place. You had indicated that your a larger portion of your load is south. We have some 1,2 year service starting now, and we have the five year to PG&E.( we also have the baja).  25th of month following on payables is normal protocol...that works fine!  I had assumed that for starting out, we would only work on sales to you on a Cash basis, or very short term( intra-month).   Thanks in advance,  Barry Tycholiz 
 jessica, can you check on getting us set up for every second monday. Also, please look into pre-booking conference room space.  BT 
 Done.... for dinner, let's have perogie... what do you think? 
 Dave. is this the meeting time on monday?  BT 
  I think that this note did you receive you the first time...  Sorry, BT 
 Has anybody from Calgers group met with him recently,( I know Mike was involved).  BT 
 Benny, Lavo gave me that voucher to use at the TPC.. .. are you able to get away thurs afternoon, or friday or on saturday some time. Let's try to get this used up.  In terms of a 4 some, check to see if Fletch wants to play.  I will re-check with Lavo to see if he is available.   BT 
 Mike, from what I am hearing, we will not get into the 6th floor to show the staff around ( prior to the move in).  I still think it would be timely for all of us to get together for a drink but in light of this small logistical issue we may want to postpone until we move in and then go out next week.  Once things settle down ( assuming they do) I look forward to talking specifically to you regarding increased initiatives on our parts to ensure we are getting everything we can out of marketing and trading efforts.  It is my observation that we have not made the progress I would have liked in terms of information flow... and although there has been progress, there is a ways to go. This probably has as much to do with individuals as it does anything else.  Looking forward to those discussions.  BT 
 I think we had discussed this but as a result of security issues accessing the building we will defer until next week our plans.  Thanks, BT 
 pls defer meeting plans until further notice.  thanks, BT 
 I would be happy to take a run at this, see where the customer is at, and then set up a joint session for you and me.  I will update you asap.  BT 
 web site.  www.ubid.com 
 Jessica, I have a 2:00 meeting with the weather desk can you verify that I have a room booked ( my room is fine), just make sure Grigsby is not using it either.  BT 
 Just checking in.... We keep waiting for that 3:00 am call to watch Micheal.... Is she getting close? .... I heard Kim and her had their nails and toes done yesterday... nice.... I may want to sign up for that.  ( not the nails part...... just the schedule).  TIC 
 Bill,as requested,  I talked to Michael Tribolet last week and he felt that transactions under 1 year would be ok with PG&E Company . I would like to take the next step with them and assuming we get paper executed for ECC and ENA ( which is pending).... I want to give them TRADE ACCESS TO EOL.  Cumulative unsecured exposure would be about $300,000/day. ( estimated ) and  I would try to get the payments from them to us made on the 5th business day vs the 25th business day following delivery. Our master will give us rights for reasonable financial assurances but not definative collateral threshold amount, infact we should keep this at zero for both sides until the air clears.  All transactions will come through EOL and the products being sold by ENA, ECC will be cash or rest of month, AECO, Sumas, Malin or PG&E Citygate.  The bottom line on this is do we want to enter into Gas related cash transactions that increase of exposure on a receivables basis to PG&E.  Commercially, I believe they are someone we want to do business with and we can increase deal flow on EOL for some Canadian and U.S. products. I do not think we are in a position today to ask for pre-pays.  Please advise if any questions otherwise I am seeking the GREEN Light from you to take the next step.  regards, BT 
 I am available from 1:30 - 2:30 Houston time. BT 
 yes, I would like to interview some of the candidates.... please schedule within reason, and as required.  BT 
 Lavo told me that if any of these guys hear about this... he will kill me?  Pls do not distribute and handle with care with Steve.  BT 
 I am fine with them starting at 2:00 pm. Is that consistent with other groups..?   BT 
 We will but choose the words you use very carefully with regards to what those may be.... LC's, cash are difficult. Basically the most that they are ever exposed to us for is 55 days of gas... and very little mark to market valuations.  Thanks, BT 
 Screen Saver, There are some good beach screen savers here... will try to put one on our PC.  BT 
 This is pretty funny. BT 
 Bart, Let's re-schedule meeting for some time next week. I have not spent the time deserved for this survey and will do so once corporate issues are resolved.  BT 
 Entering into term agreements with Enron today is probably not the best play until our credit / restructuring issues are resolved.  What are you thinking about?  All is fine, hanging in there, pissed off like you would not believe... but not much I can do now but wait it out.. I have very little interest moving back to canada at this time so it should be interesting.  BT 
 Can you look into this... what is it about? 
 Good morning.... Callaway Park buys Disney World ( Milly told me that one).....  The Management is trying hard to put on a good face forward, but they fucked this one up nicely.  My plans are simple.. hang out to see if I get paid... after that, not sure.  I am thinking about taking golf lessons... that how bad things have gotten.  Yikes.. PS, send us a new e-mail of the kids...  Thanks for the note, TIC. 
 Jessica, pls book a room and send a notice to Jane Tholt, Stephanie Miller, Phillip Allen, Beck Cantrell.  Get us a room at 11:30 pls.     Further to our conversation yesterday, Phillip has asked that we meet today to update him on the general and specific efforts related to regulatory concerns on El Paso pipeline.  Pls be prepared to discuss the major items we had identified last session and what our position and repsonse is planned to be.  If there are any questions give me a call.  BT 
 They are laughing at us now... TIC 
 For your e-mail. 
 This is funny 
 Unclear... Dave and Lavo have been pretty quiet... but I am with you ... if whalley is in, I have to believe those  guys are also....  Chapter 2, coming up..... 
 Let's not get it installed until we move. Thanks. BT 
 thats fine. next week is early enough. 
 I was in an electronics store the other night... Panasonic has 9" Portable DVD player ( like your sony) with an 8 hour battery... $999.00 US. It is sweeeeeeet.  TIC 
 I think we should still do this, and I may join you guys.  BT  Dates please. 
 Tom, no problem....  Can you reply to this note.... or advise how to incorporate the rotating symbol into a file.  Thanks, BT 
 what date is this planned for. BT 
 Can i have a copy of these forms pls.  BT 
 Bill, FYI, I have received a formal request from PGT asking Enron to provide security on their pipeline.  The request is for approx $ 11MM. They are referencing a provision in their tariff  that says that if a co. goes below BBB by S&P, then they have the right to ask for security.  I have discussed this request with them and they assure me we are not being singled out. I told them we will review the letter with credit and management and get back to them prior to the deadline imposed on their request( Nov. 20).  A copy of this request will be on your desk first thing this a.m.  regards, BT 
 Carl, just wanted you to know that I have decided to NOT offer William a rotation in west gas and I have talked to him this a.m.  As discussed, I like his basic skill sets but I decided this a.m. to hold off for the next 2 weeks or so before filling any spots for the end of the year.  I am sure he will find a good rotation, just wasn't the best fit for me at this time.  Thanks, BT 
 Ty, pls check your model, I would believe you have a file reference error on the July 25, 55 day payables number ( when you include new deals).  Pls update and re-issue to me first thing.  BT 
 Leslie, I presented a form of assignment to PG&E as recently as 2 weeks ago( including other structures).. Generally speaking, they HATE the El Paso pipe because of it's flow risk and are not interested in discussing this with me until such time that EL Paso deliverability becomes more reliable.  Having them take this pipe as a vehicle to help offset our bankruptcy claim works from an economics point of view ( assuming you can agree on values), but I think you will have a battle regaring the quality of service that they are going to get. Regardless, it is a an out of the money position for us and we could accomodate if they wish to discuss further. Have Lisa or Michael call me if they wish to discuss logistics around this asset.  Thanks, BT 
 Mike, this was that item I wanted to talk to you about... I assume Kim got to you first.  I appreciate your response... It is extremely important that we maintain the highest quality of service to the wholesale customers where we have MSA's or full requirements arrangements and obligations.  Thanks, BT 
 Dave, although we need to track deal count, I continue to get orig amounts granted to you for $ 40.00... that is to small a number to worry about... I would think $ 500.00 / transaction would be a better cut line...  Remember, we are after deal flow, and orig....  no need to reply..  BT 
 Jeanie, as I read this e-mail i cringe at the thought that we have been dancing around this issue for  4 months yet all around us we will be laying off some very good employees who really deserve to be here, and more importantly, want to be here.  Plenty of time has been given to this issue..... please fix as soon as possible. Do you need anything from me? 
 Mark, for right now, I would not suggest we pursue any external hires. We are going to see  a lot of internal staff from different business groups looking for work.  BT 
 Kim, please schedule the appropriate people for a 15 minute discussion. I am sure that this can be resolved.  Also, be prepared to discuss the "Penalties" component of our obligations to put this in perspective.  BT 
 Howard, can you please verify what you mean by renewal rights.. specifically who owns what rights and until which period.  It is my expectation that with the exception of CNRL, ENA/ECC holds the obligation and annual renewal rights on Nova, ANG. We have assigned the PGT permanently out of Nov 08 to Calpine and Sierra Pacific.. We also have the obligation to give them the matching upstream capacity at that time.  Also, where do you think AEC, Talisman and CNRL will be to take permanent assignment of this pipe effective asap... thus changing the deal delivery point around..( an the credit situation).  Included in the shuffle will be the liquids obligations, nominations, ( ENA /ECC can still act as the agent) but most importantly the thing we need to transfer over is the pipe obligation on PGT..... stat !!!  Pls advise. 
 Pls set up a 15- 30 minute meeting with John and Mark Whitt ( Denver ) to discuss Williston Basin ( storage blowdown).  Pls advise.  Barry Tycholiz 
 I want this program continued for my group at this time. BT 
 No problem... by the way, I heard you guess were able to get the VNG deal completed... that  is great news.  Congratulations. BT 
 Chris, why does Puget have credit concerns with us?  It was my understanding that we had a MTM of $50 MM in which they were out of the money.I thought the risk was realtively short term. ( winter Gas).  You would think that they would be fine with loading up on Enron. Irony comes in all shapes and sizes when a LDC doesn't like our credit!!!!  With regards to a meeting.... I have yet to make my way up that way, and would still like to make that tour which includes Puget, Northwest Natural, Cascade etc.  I think that a meeting with these guys on a consolidated risk management plan would  be ideal.  I will call you today.  BT 
 kevin, do you have the phone number for Geysa Arujo at the Williams Shrink - Cochrane facility. She called me the other day and I must have taken her number down incorrectly.  Thanks. BT 
 We just moved over to our new building yesterday and i was moving my rolodex and your card popped up...  Everything good by you?  BT 
 Thanks for the note back.... yeah, I am still kicking.... and I am sure you know this that it will take a little more than a bankruptcy to shake this guy... when I grab on , I grab on tight....  Sorry for putting you through the inconvenience of having to read our documents.. I think we have all had to dust off the paper... but I sincerely hope most of it is behind us.  I knew Karen was at Progas, glad to hear that she is enjoying work...  I have not been to Calgary since May, and am not sure when I will be back up... and if it will be on a permanent of temporary basis.... all in all Houston is treating us pretty good.  Work really has been great and I have such a good marketing region... california, arizona, Denver.... vegas... are some of the highlights... so when I need to, I go blow a few braincells out in one of these fine regions..  Kim is working a little ( 2 shifts in 1 year).... she may have to pick up the pace on that effort... ( she is fighting me on that one)... House is good, weather right now is great... 80 degrees ( all the time)... there is something to be said about living in shorts and sandals...  Better run, take care, talk soonest.  BT 
 Paul, thanks for the note... do we have a position with these guys today either in the form of MTM or payables/receivables?  Like everyone else, the street continues to pick it's spots on new dealings with us but I wouldn't mind knowing what our existing exposures are to them.  BT 
 Not really...someone from Williams called you regarding a document that needs to be signed by the 30th.. is that a C/A for NWPipe....  She was covering for Jan, I did not get a chance to take the call, just heard about it...  BT 
 thanks, enjoy the few days off...BT 
 If one of the exercises is to standardize ( as best as possible the two agreements) I think we need to create a document that identifies the variance in the agreements. Has this been done and if so, can I have a copy to review. I have gone through both the US and Canadian agreements but am not sure where some of the subtle differences lie.  Call if you want to discuss.  BT 
 Dave, I have read the proposal. Pls coordinate a tele conference with yourself, mark and me. sometime this a.m.  Call jessica to set up a definative time.  BT 
 Hope things go ok for you... make sure you stay in bed.... soon enough you can get up and boss people around.  Kim and I wish you the best!  I am sure tammi will contact me to schedule.  BT 
 Good morning.... is all of Nevada Powers generation territory served from Southwests full requirements off of El Paso, or do you get some load from them at Kern?  Bt 
 Jessica, did we place the order for the playoff tickets... BT 
 Mike, here is a very brief overview of planned or approved expansions by major pipeline.  There is a lot of detail that supports each of these pipe expansions including, proposed start dates, delivery points, probability etc...  Let's discuss needs...  Perhaps, we can give your group a general overview on expansions in the west, current status etc.  BT 
 Pls review 
 Mark, we purchased a gift certificate from the group for Polsky's Wedding... if anyone is interested in chipping in from your place, pls send to stephanie.. the total gift was $ 200.00.  BT 
 San Diego at Dallas......this weekend.( i think).... Road Trip 
 With the crack team of developers that you had..... you should be able to fetch a pretty premium.!!! .. didn't she write code while eating her lunch and breast feeding her kids? 
 Kay, sorry I missed your call.  Tell Dave I am in on Sunday ( assume it will be around 7:00 or so)....pls advise on particulars.  BT 
 Please print out two copies in COLOR.  BT 
 Make sure we charge the proper cost of funds ( int. rate ) for basically putting money out the door for the deal. 
 I just received this from PG&E and wanted to make sure others received document also.  Pls distribute as required.  BT 
 Todd, I am reviewing these files now and will get back to you early next week.  Due to the problems this week, i was unable to meet with Robert Ayres and will make arrangements to do this next week.  BT 
 thanks, I will review in detail and get back to you to discuss a plan.... bt 
 Mark, Dave, I talked to Lavorato regarding a non-compete... he was fine with proceeding to negotiate a commercial deal but did not want us to commit to a non compete ( just yet) for these reasons.  1. He wants to not restrict EES in their abilities to market in that region ( I will discuss with Delainey). 2. Unless we have an exclusive he thinks we are boxing ourselves.  Pls digest these points as you proceed and keep me posted on where Cascade is even with the paper we showed to them.  BT 
 As we had talked about yesterday.... any deals cut by El Paso are going to be opposed by the shippers ( when it comes to adding new capacity or expanding ) until the existing issues are resolved.).  BT 
 FYI  Mark, I talked to Fred.. this meetingis cancelled until further notice... and for sure you  and your people were going to be invited.  BT 
 Paul, let's try to find some time on Friday to discuss next steps.  BT 
 When you talk to Robert Neustaedter, ask him about the Montebello storage field in Socal's territory that was blown down this year. I would like to know what application they filed, when it started and a summary of the details regarding this deal.  There was about 14 Bcf blown down.  BT 
 Can you see if you can float out these tickets for tonights game... I cannot make it. I have all 4.  BT 
 Leslie, further to our conversation. I don't think the prize in $$$'s is going to give us the leverage we had hoped but I will know better early next week exactly what that looks like. At the very least, we are going to position ourselves with El Paso such that we can have a commercial discussion.  BT 
  In consideration of the sensitivities regarding this asset and ENA's efforts to manage this risk. I believe we need to formalize and coordinate any external communication with El Paso.  Please advise by name who your lead contact is or would be and what the general purpose of the conversations is concerning.  If you do not have a primary contact or do not talk directly to the pipeline, pls advise.  thanks, BT   Enron			El Paso				Scope  Barry Tycholiz		Gerry Strange / Al Clark		Commercial activities regarding EL Paso Pipeline, current issues - negotiations. 
 Todd, further to your voice message. Yes, I did meet in person with Robert Ayers, the meeting went well, and he was going to contact me on Friday. He was considering another offer ( a different co.) and wanted to make a decision this week. As such I committed to informing him as to whether or not an offer will be made to him.  At this time, I am not going to make an offer and will advise him as such upon my next contact. Although he has some good qualities I am going to continue in my search.  BT 
 Guys, has there been any arrangements made for a send off for Phil....  We need to get him a card and a wedding gift ( I assume you would agree).  I would also be more than happy to take the group out for lunch 11:30 - 1:00  if people are interested.  Pls advise.  BT 
 www.marasoft.com/odds.htm 
 Looks like I lost another game... In total I lost $85.00 on sunday. Isn't this fun !!!  PS... nice race car in the lobby.... can we take it for a spin? 
 Pls print out copies for my files.  Thanks, 
 Mark, I was looking at that pricing sheet and would like to suggest that the shading in the commentary boxes... under the assumption that this becomes a printed document and that it is printed in black & white, it is very difficult to read. Perhaps a more solid background would work better.  BT 
 Steph, further to our discussion, Pls review.  I took a quick look at the locations and most appear to be East based.  You might want to use an analyst to figure this out. Also, they have valued the inventories off of the Nymex only ( or so it appears) and I would have to believe that the value of these molecules is materially different than this.  Pls review and let's discuss asap.  BT 
 I talked to Robert Ayers, he is going to accept a job with another co.  BT 
 I  am available.. pls put on my calender to block off.  bt 
 Barry, trust all is well.  I just wanted to update you on a couple of things and re-check SMUD's interest.  1. The on again off again PGT assignment of 10,000 MMBTU per day out of Nov. 2002. appears to have surfaced from our counter party again and under the assumption you are still interested I will forward to you latest offer once we have FIRMED it up with the third party.  2. It is my understanding that you own El Paso - PG&E Topock capacity until May 31, 2003.  ENA has some of the same capacity and is prepared to offer this into the market place from the period June 1, 2003 - May 30, 2006. ( with the renewal rights), PLUS some sort of " Payment " from ENA to SMUD.  Rather than renew your existing capacity at full tolls, this is a way to pick up transport below the normal tariff and retain renewal rights after 2006.  Pls advise if either of these points capture your interest.  Thanks in advance,  Barry Tycholiz 
 Peter, Eric.... I talked to Bradford this a.m. regarding another matter and managed to discuss with him general credit terms for PG&E. He said he would review Post Petition credit status and also needs to discuss these credit lines as potentially part of our ongoing issues related to PG&E. He was going to discuss internally and advise.  I am not sure he will have any comments back by this weds, so this may conflict with the timelines Eric and I discussed this a.m.  BT 
 Pablo,  I did infact lose my "d" drive on my Dell computer so it does not recognize the set up.  Should i go re-install my hard drives.. and if so, how do i do that.  BT 
 Yes, 
 Good news on the CMS Deal... How much will this be?   BT 
 Mara, pls ensure that everyone takes the time TODAY to fill this out with all the customers that we can market this to, including names and action plan.  I will need to review with Phillip and John later today. BT 
 Mike, for your info... we just received this message from IGS re: DWR purchases.  As previously discussed seeing the DWR rfp will require some credit and contract enhancements and that process is underway but it is moving slower and with less push than I would like... For sure, there are alot of hurdles...  It is our opinion that any transactions that are being done by the DWR with third parties are relatively short dated..  1 month, 2 month etc.. but we will keep you posted as we move forward.  BT 
 FYI, Miquel has decided to not pursue anything with in my group.. He did say that he was still considering yours.. Good luck... I did tell him that we were hopefull that he would stay within ENA wholesale...  BT 
 Amy, pls send the daily pricing sheet to the west gas trading - traders every morning. I think jessica can get you their names and e-mail addresses.  BT 
 Benny, I don't know if you knew Brad or not... but he used to work at Coral in Calgary. I think he traded Merc. Anyways, he has contacted me a couple of times to play hockey and really wants some players.. I told him I would forward this note.  I am going to try to get out one of these days.  TIC 
 thx 
 Ty- can you send to me a copy of the latest producer package that we had sent out. Pls send first thing.  Also, in the swap-spread models... please expand the model to incude curves like, ventura, chicago, ngpl mid con.   Thanks. BT 
 Mark, I saw the funds come in last night... $ 1,045,000.  Good job... let's keep it going.  BT 
 Louise, further to our meeting last week, the contracts have been executed and the Rockies transportation has been sold to CMS. Origination and trading participated in the P&L.  Orig = $ 1,045,000.  Trading approx $310,000.  We are a little closer to our Q3 targets of $ 2MM in sept.  Please call if there are any questions.  BT 
 just drop by today.. BT 
 Good morning... There is NO issue on your e-mail that is going to get in the way of Family issues... so don't worry about that. Don't knee cap the band because you guys owe me $ 4,000.00.  I was just checking on what your decision was... keep me posted.  BT 
 Sonya, further to our conversation the other day... I am still not able to read the first couple of letters on the left hand side of the page under Headlines... Have you had a chance to look at this.  BT 
 Never did... but glad we were here to ensure it was captured.  BT 
 Can i have copies of this. 
 I would probably drop the range volume and go with a specific amount... 10,000 - 25,000 instead of up to 200,000 as I am sure there is no way they will get that high.  BT 
 sure 
 Eric, I have at least 2 tickets and possibly 4 tickets for tonights game.... I believe it starts at 7:00 PM.  I did ask eric boyt... have not heard back. Can you see if you or any of your people would like to use them.  Let me know.. I want to make sure they get used.  BT 
 we are working on it... but I have been distracted and slowing the process down.  BT 
 Good morning... Tim Belden ( Trading) and Chris Calger ( Origination) are in charge of all power issues in the West U.S.  I would also think Paul Kaufman may already have a hand in these issues ( if PUC related ).  BT 
 Sorry I couldn't pick you up on the call... I would love to play.  BT 
 Brad, further to our conversation of yesterday morning, please find attached Enron's payout table and alternative payout table regarding the permanent assignment of PGT capacity.  The onus will be on Enron to deliver long dated capacity to Calpine and we will begin working on this immediately.  Below is a summary of some of the key next steps. Please review and we can discuss on Monday the numbers and final steps as required.  ENA and Calpine will formalise  % discount, volume grid, lump sum $ amount or annuity amount. As discussed our cost of funds implied will be LIBOR + 200 basis points. ( to be confirmed ). ENA will raise a precedent agreement with option language in favor of Calpine which allows you to request that the period 2 volume  be no less than the period 1 volume and up to the total delivered volume of 67,500 based on the agreed to % discount as referenced in point #1. ENA will forward the draft precedent agreement which will include the necessary conditions precedent required and with the general commercial terms as agreed per items above (ETA - Tues/Wed). ENA will provide a bid to Calpine on Monday afternoon with a number on the Spark Spread proposal. Contact name @ Trans Canada and ANG is Kay Coad Ph: 403-267-2480.  I trust the information as provided above is consistent with our previous discussions.  Please contact me once you have had a chance to review.  Regards,  BT 
 Did you hear anything from the Appraisal Co?  Insurance:  The contact for my insurance is Stacey Spears @ Farmers Ins. 713-592-8800.  If you can hold off contacting him until tommorrow I will then decide if i am using them for sure.  Thanks. BT 
 thank you.  BT 
 Stephanie, I  believe that I will have a spot on 32 for right now so assume I am ok.  Where are you moving to on the 8th.  BT 
 I have the putter at home.. I will throw in my trunk tommorrow... and we can meet at lunch if you would like. I will not leave town without getting this to you somehow.  TIC 
 Mark, Stephanie further to our conversations please find a summary list which I will need some help on.  As part of our business plan for 2001 Phillip and myself will make a presentation to Delainey et al regarding the West Initiatives.  This is going to happen by Dec. 8.  As you guys know our group in total is going to be made up of a few key areas.  Producer Services Transportation Origination/ Middle Marketing Trading   Can you put together in draft form a business plan for next year that outlines some key items. Once we have a first pass at this, we can incorporate into the overall package and decide how this fits in with our new group.  The key subject items should include:  SM/MW/BT 1> Market Overview - supply demand fundamentals in your area. SM/MW/BT 2> Strategies and opportunities for 2001 ( What new initiatives will we implement ?) SM/MW/BT 3> New products and structures for your area SM/MW/BT 4> Issues in 2000 ( what didn't work ?) BT  5> Organization Issues / people /transition etc.   If you could start thinking about these in greater detail, we can then go through and incorporate into the west orig. objectives.  Call me to discuss, but we should start to discuss detail early next week.  BT  Thanks,  BT 
 You are correct that the PRC is in Houston.... Is there a flight later than that.? 
 Sorry I could not pick you up.... Any format that works for you... This will end up in a power point slide presentation so I have been told.  thanks, BT 
 I am almost out of days, but on Dec. 8 ( friday) they are throwing a small party ??? for me at the Garage from 3-6 pm that I would love for you guys to come to...I hope that would work for you.  TIC 
 We will have to use that one as a back up plan.... 
 For your information. please find attached the spreadsheet that I sent to Calpine for their consideration.  Action:  Peter is going to review the assignment doc's and with Steve raise the proper legal document that protects ECC/ENA's interests.  At this time, Peter and I are of the opinion that a new agreement may be all we need but we will discuss on Monday.  Julie/ Stephanie/Eric....we need to discuss the numbers again. The real producer unwind costs may be really ugly, which basically means that our numbers may be too low to Calpine.. even with the counter offer, the front end economics are pulling a lot of value out of the deal.   Assuming numbers can be agreed too by everyone, we are positioning ourselves for a package out to the producers for early next week.  Stephanie.. one of our customers has asked for California fundamentals... overview... do we have anything available.  Talk to everyone on Monday.  BT 
 Fran... I have received the L1 visa package and will use documents to Enter the US on Friday morning.  I have also received the bridge loan documents and have signed these forms and sent them back to as of right now via inter office mail..... you should have by tommorrow ( Weds).  Can you please sign as required.  I think that is about it other than I need to make arrangements for a cheque to be in my hands for friday morning.  At this time, I still do not know where to have this sent.  Thanks. BT 
 Fran and Tricia... this note is to confirm that I will be an employee of ENA effective Dec. 1/ 00.  Fran, are you looking after payroll issues or is it going to be Jeannie Sloan  Thanks. BT 
 Are we in on this conference call and do you know how long it is going for. 
 Can you play hockey tommorrow night at 5 ish... we have the saddledome. 
 Kay and Lisa are supposed to buy me a drink after work today... is there a chance you guys can come out for one or two.  BT 
 I am going to skate around like Perry Turnbull...... I should be good for a hat trick....  I will put your putter in the trunk.... BT 
 David Redmond is on this list... he should not be.  BT 
 Brock... what's going on ?  We need to hear back from you regarding work.  I left you a message and Dawn has left you two !!!  Send me an e-mail as soon as you get this verifying your status.. I need to hear from you by monday.  Please reply to my home email address at Tic@home.com.  Thanks agains.  BT 
 I hope this is the first e-mail you open on Monday when you get it. !!!  1. The closing date on my house is Nov. 30  ----- Are we ready for it? 2. I need a power of attorney as I will not be in Houston to transition.  I will be in on the 2nd of Dec. 3.  I do not have a US bank accounts as of yet and am trying to get these set up now.. but I need to know how to get the money to you. 4.  Do you have all the final economics on costs, mortage amount, Taxes, Int. Rate, Monthly payments. 5. You sent me a package which lists all of the closing costs.. Am I too assume you are paying those directly and getting reimbursed by ENA or do I need to pay them myself? 6. Have you secured mortage financing for me ?  MONDAY morning is very important for you and I go hammer out final details. 
 No problem... !!!! Perhaps another time. 
 Fran... I did not receive the visa package last week.. Hoping it comes in today's mail as I plan on entering US on Sat. Dec. 2.  BT 
 My Address is as follows:  Barry Tycholiz C/O  Enron Canada Corp. Suite 3500 - 400 3rd Ave. S.W. Calgary, Alberta T2P 4H2 403-974-6763  BT 
 Fran.... Kerri Rigsby from Associates will be contacting you regarding the Bridge Loan.  She needs a letter on file verifying that I will have these funds.  We still need to decide where we are going to put this money. For right now, we should plan on me signing the promisary note by fax, and then have a cheque sent up to me in Canada so that I can consolidate with the rest of the funds required for closing.  Thanks. BT 
 Did I send this to you already ? 
