u guys.  Just let me know when you are available.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Gentlemen,  As you know, I have been working with Steve Lins to negotiate the ISDA agreement so that Enron and the City of Glendale are able to enter into financial transactions.  I spoke with Steve today and he plans to review our latest draft and get back to me with any final changes so that we can send him an executable copy, along with our required documents, for signature next week.  In other words, I am confident that we will have an executed ISDA within the next couple of weeks.  My boss, Barry Tycholiz, and I are going to be in southern California September 17 & 18 and would like to set up a meeting with you guys to discuss alternatives to swaping out some of your index priced gas supply.  We are available to meet with you after 2 pm on the 17th or at any time on the 18th.  Please let me know when you guys are available and I will set that time aside for you.  We look forward to meeting with you and expanding our business with the City of Glendale.  Please feel free to call me if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination 713-853-0685 
 Mike,  I have attached an indicative terms sheet for full-requirements gas supply.  It is similar to the initial proposal that I have made to other municipalities in northern California.  However, many changes were made and negotiated based on several factors.  Some of those factors include the types of customers behind your city gate (residential, power generation), what your load profile is correlated to (weather), transport owned, and other services requested.  Also, the type of pricing you are looking for can affect the structure.  Call me on Tuesday and we can talk about the City of Roseville more specifically.  (I will be out Monday)  Have a great weekend!  I hope this is helpful.  Kim 
 Sara,  I am in Denver at an offsite but will be back in the office tomarrow.  Glendale left me a message on Friday that they are ready for an executable ISDA agreement.  I left you a message earlier but wanted to make sure you got it.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  My cell phone number is 713-412-4571.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Mark,  The best person to talk to about the ISDA is me.  I discussed an ISDA with Tim Roberts when I was in the Salt River offices on March 23rd.  A draft ISDA was sent to Bill Abraham on November 17, 1999.  I requested for a new legal review on 3/28/01.  Let me know if you need a new draft and I can send you or Tim a copy.  My number is 713-853-0685.  Thanks for your inquiry -  Kim Ward 
 Hey,  did you call me this morning?  Sorry I missed it if you did.  Been running around like crazy - currently missing presentations trying to close a small (very!) deal.  If I don't talk to you, good luck with your pitch to your customer!  I hope you get the deal!  Talk to you later,  Kim 
 They keep calling.  What do we need to do right now to do the Amgen blend and extend, either paper work or additional collateral?  Let me know soon.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Hello everyone,  I got an email yesterday from Jack confirming our meeting on Monday at 2 p.m.  In light of the recent tragic events and the chaotic state that the commercial airline industry is in, Barry and I will not be traveling to California next week.  We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.  We do plan to come out to California to see you guys at a later date.  Once things have settled down and we are able to re-schedule, we will be in touch.  Steve, I am working with Legal to have executable documents sent to you and will keep you posted.  Thanks again for your patience.  Please call me if any of you need anything or have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim Ward 
 Just got my fourth phone call this morning - what do we need to do to blend amgen?  Kim 
 Jack,  I have been unable to get this message to Larry.  Would you make sure he gets it for me?  Thanks,  Kim 
 Marie,  Please fax the ISDA documents to Steve Lins, city attorney, city of glendale, fax # 818-547-3402.  Thanks,  Kim Ward 
 I am sure that Ann took care of this last week because some confirms were generated that came across my desk.  Let me know if there is anything I can do.  Thanks, Kim 
 Stephanie and I talked about this as well - I think lunch today would be a good send off and a wedding gift on his return would be in order. 
 Sara,  I would like to set up a conference call with you and my counterparts at the City of Glendale.  They have some questions regarding some currency language.  Just let me know when you are available and I will set it up with Glendale.  I'm sorry I can't be more clear - I got the information off of a voice message.  Call me if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Hey Sally,  sorry you are missing your trip to TN.  Are you going to the Italian fest?  I am thinking about it.  Here are my vitals:  Kim Ward 3110 Lake Street Houston, TX  77098 713-526-7117  cell = 713-412-4571 
 Chris,  I have set up a tentative conference call with John cogan for 10 a.m. CDT/8 a.m. PDT tomarrow.  Is this time good for you?  If not, please let me know what time is good for you.  I think John is pretty flexible as he is hanging out in New Orleans.  thanks,  kim 
 Jason,  palo Alto is asking for their Oct load forcast today in order to realign their supplies.  could you get this for me ASAP?  Let me know if there is a problem.  They are waiting on this to transact.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Tony,  Attached is my response to your RFP on behalf of Noresco.  As noted in our conversation earlier today, I apologize for the tardiness of my response.  I do hope that you will consider our proposals along with the other responses that you received.  If you have any questions, please feel free to call me at 713-853-0685.  Sincerely,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination 
 Hey Lyndon!  Very glad to finally hear from you.  Sounds like you are happy= back in Austrailia!  I would love to see it sometime.  Unless things chang= e between now and January, some of us are suppose to be on the Poly on Janu= ary 6th.  We have booked our trip and the pictures of the beaches on St. Ma= rtin look fabulous.  We are going in on the 3rd to stay a few days before w= e get on the boat.  I hope you are there.  Although I would understand if y= ou stayed where you are!  Keep me posted on your plans - whether you stay i= n Austrailia or go back to work on the Poly.  As for the recent tragedies here, I am so very lucky that no one really clo= se to me was killed.  I actually flew in from Denver on Monday night, just = in time not to get stuck there.  One of my very good friends was suppose to= be in the WTC, worked on the 105th floor of tower one on monday and was ca= lled back to Houston for a meeting tuesday.  Flew out of Laguardia at 7:30 = am tuesday morning.  That meeting saved his life.  I am so glad that he had= that meeting.  I would have been devasted if something had happened to him= .  However, all of the people in their offices there are missing.  He is ve= ry sad but greatful to be alive.  It does make you think about what you are= doing with your life and what is important but I don't think it will make = me stop traveling or doing the things that I love to do.  It is sad that th= is thing has already affected our freedom, some more so than others.  Most = things won't be as easy as they once were - but I guess that ease and freed= om were taken for granted.  I also can't believe that someone could come in= and do so much harm to innocent people.  And I don't know what should be d= one to stop such things from happening in the future.  Can I just run away = to the beach and ignore it?  It's a good thing that not everyone has that a= ttitude! =20  Anyway,  I am glad to hear that you are well and having fun.  I am doing th= e same - just here in ugly Houston for now!  I think that my trip to Aruba = for October has changed so I better get something planned before the end of= the year!   Please let me know if you are back in the states and if you go= back to the Poly.  Oh, and thanks for the picture!  Take care,  Love, K2  ps.  I have another email address at home.  It is kward1@houston.rr.com 
 This looks ok to me.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Cal 02	 $   3.025 Cal 03	 $   3.200 Cal 04	 $   3.255 Cal 05	 $   3.330 Cal 06	 $   3.400 Cal 07	 $   3.480 Cal 08	 $   3.560 Cal 09	 $   3.640 Cal 10	 $   3.720 
 Dan,  An EFO is a result of parties not complying with an OFO after multiple noti= ces.  PG&E can confiscate gas if a scheduling party is not in compliance.  = The same rules apply to an EFO as an OFO.  EFO stands for Emergency flow or= der.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Can I sell Hesco Socal index for 300/d Oct through june 02? 
  Lynn,  Attached are confirms for September and October.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  thanks,  Kim 
 so what does this guy do for Burbank and why do they pay him the "big bucks"???? 
 Jim,  I am very interested in supplying your gas and plan on responding to your request for qualification.  If there is anything else that you need in the meantime, please give me a call.  Thanks,  Kim 713-853-0685 
 Jay,  We have been short listed on an rfp for Noresco, a power plant developer.  Attached are the financial statement for the parent who is willing to guarantee the project.  They plan to refresh prices and perhaps transact this week.  they have received contracts from other potential suppliers already.  I got the RFP late and therefore, I am running behind.  I am attaching my proposal in case you need it.  It will basically be a full requirements transaction out of our Socal Pool for up to 20 years.  CAN WE MAKE THIS OUR NUMBER 1 PRIORITY AND GET CONTRACTS TO THEM TODAY??  PLEASE?  I WILL SUPPLY BEVERAGES LATER IN THE WEEK OR PERHAPS A TICKET TO ASTROS TONIGHT (if I can find them!)  Please call and let me know if we can make this hurdle!  thanks,  Kim 
 The weekend was VERY good!  But - the weekend is the past.  Who knows what the future brings!   Even so - in your searching, you might find someone better than me!  But, if I am still unattached, I will be there!  K. 
 Call me if you have any questions.  Kim  THANKS!!!!]] 
 Chris,  The package you sent me was delayed due to weather - I should get it in am. 
 Good morning!  Got your message last night when I got home from the game.  Didn't want to wake you up.  How was your day yesterday?  Mine was very busy - lots of things going on.  Hopefully some tickets and $$$ will come out of all of it!  Anyway - I hope you have a good day today!  Talk to you later -  K. 
 That is very cool!!  Sounds like Tom did great - too bad we weren't there to watch.  And it is great that you get some $ for going!   Just think - with your awesome new car next year - you could be up there with Jimmy and that other guy!  I could grab dinner or something later - when are you planning to go to Tom's?  I have nothing going on - may try to get a quick workout in.  You can just let me know what you want to do.  K.  ps.  I told Suzanne that I got to drive the race car and it was really cool! 
 I think I would like santa clara first.  when you get the chance. 
 Phil,  Attached is a draft Natural Gas Purchase/Sale Agreement.  My apologies for taking so much time.  I hope it is not too late.  Please call me with any questions and if we need to, I can get credit on the phone.  Thanks,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination 
 Mike,  Attached are Palo Alto's historical loads, which have been verified with Palo Alto.  If you would like to see a different format, let me know.  Thanks,  Kim 
 I am showing some physical and financial transactions to the city of Santa Clara, also known as Silicon Valley Power.  We have done a lot of business with them on the power side and I want to sell them some gas.  Can we review them and send out a draft Enfolio and Isda?  Let me know if you have any quesitons.  Thanks,  Kim 
  what do you guys think about this one?  Jay, we have talked about them before I think.  Can I get a response in order to put this away or pursue?  thanks,  Kim 
 1) hesco additional collateral 2)Noresco - they want to focus on 10 or 20 years - can we get there? 
 I don't have their financials but lets get started on what we can get started with. I am not expecting to do financial swaps in the immediate term but I would like to be preparted when we are ready.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Steve,  Attached is a term sheet showing price indications for the products that we talked about.  The market it down today so they may appear to be a little high.  I am still working on a structure term sheet for the pipeline capacity that we breifly discussed.  Please give me a call and we can update these prices for you or we can adjust the structures if these are not the products that fit your needs.  I would like to be prepared in the case that we are able to put physical or financial transactions together.  In order to do so, we would like to put both a physical purchase/sale agreement and perhaps an ISDA master swap agreement in place.  One thing we would need is someone to contact for financial or credit information so that we can insert the appropriate credit language in the contract drafts that we send to you.  Please let me know if you have any questions and I will be in touch with the transport structure.  Thanks,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination 713-853-0685 
 when is the meeting and where?  thanks,  Kim 
 Just talked to Noresco again and they are trying to get a handle on the credit requirements that we have so that they can be prepared.  They want to do a 20 year, fixed price transaction with 10 % swing at that price.  All other gas outside the 10% swing will be priced at Gas Daily +/- $.05.  We are adding a $.25 premium on the 10% swing and the baseload is approximately 1000/day.  If the credit requirements are different for a 10year deal, they would like to see what those are - that might sway them.  Jay, I know I have been bugging you about this but I do need it in order to go forward with trying to get this deal.  And they have asked me for this credit information twice today.  It's all about you!!  Thanks a million for your help!  Kim 
 lose this email address!  your site has been blocked by my company and I can not remove as described below. 
 no.  I will try to investigate today. 
 Steve,  Attached are form certificates that you can use for the first two documents required to be included with your executed ISDA.  I hope these are helpful - please let me know if you have any questions or need additional information.  Thanks,  Kim 
 They are forwarding the name and number of a financial/credit guy from Noresco as soon as they can.  They asked for a ball park and I could not help them.  Would it make a difference if we did 20 year index (for baseload) with gs daily for the swing?  Due to credit requirements from others we are competeing with on this, they are considering an index with the supplier with Noresco doing an internal financial swap with a sister company, perhaps Equitable. what do you think?  I will keep you posted on discussions.  Thanks!  Kim 
 Antoher thing they brought up was locking in physical basis only.  How does this affect credit?  Thanks again,  Kim 
 VERY Cool!  I will keep you posted on the structure that we are focusing on.  Right now it is Nymex + physcial basis.  They will lock in basis but not Nymex.  We can talk about the potential risks there if you want.  Kim 
 Thanks Mike, we have left a message for Dave and are waiting to hear back from him.  Also, we are definitely willing to fix the physical basis for you and float on the Nymex.  And this will help your credit cause.  So now I am assuming that you guys are focusing on fixed basis for 1000/day with GD on the swing.  Would you guys be interested in looking at a transport structure for the first 18 months of the transaction?  I am looking at the economics of this to see if it will help you.  Call me if you need anything.  Thanks,  Kim 
 hey Amy, Could you add Art Avalos ( aavalos@pnm.com <mailto:aavalos@pnm.com>) to your price sheet email list?  Let me know if you have a problem!  Thanks,  Kim 
 The answer about environmentalist making it hard to build power plants in california is YES.   Even with load growth and, asset divestiture they wouldn't face the facts that the supply/demand picture was messed up.  They wanted all of the plants to be built in other states such as Arizona and Nevada.  Environmentalists (fish people) were trying to get rid of the hydro dams in the Pac NW.  It is definitely an issue they, as well as California will experience this year as the dams are only filled to 55% of normal.  This equates to approximately 3000-4000 MWh short.  Typically in the summer, the pac NW exports about 4200 MWH to California.  Guess what - there will be no exports this summer.  The light WILL go out in Cali!!!! 
 Steve,  Attached are form certificates that you can use for the first two documents required to be included with your executed ISDA.  I hope these are helpful - please let me know if you have any questions or need additional information.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Mike,  We still haven't heard from Dave - he may be wondering who Jason Williams from Enron is.  If you guys could work him from you end, it could speed things up.  Thanks for your help,  Kim 
 You're welcome - It should be fun!  Kim 
 we are VERY close!  when were you here?  and why are you slummin on the gas floor so much? 
 you goin? 
 Hello again,  Now that air travel is somewhat back to normal, Barry and I are rescheduling our trip to Southern California.  It is my understanding that the ISDA itself has been executed and required attachments are in the process of being gathered.  Therefore, you will soon have the option of transacting with Enron financially.   We are available to meet with you at any time on October 11th.  Please let me know if and when you guys are available and I will set that time aside for you.  Again, we look forward to meeting with you and exploring new opportunities.  Please feel free to call me if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination 713-853-0685 
 ok, I was wondering if you came to work today.  I certainly didn't want to!  still sorry to hear about your deal.  I hope things get better! 
 here are our curves for san juan for the last couple of months.  You make the chart - I was not successful.  Also, I have attached a storage chart.  let me know what else you need.  K. 
 my friend Shannon is coming over at about 6:30 and we are going out - somewhere.  what are you doing? 
 Chris,  this looks good to me.  Stephanie is checking with Transwestern to see what their parking/lending fees would be for weekends, just for an idea.  I am also talking to the desk.  I will keep you posted.  Kim 
 Do you think it would be beneficial for me to go to WSPP? 
 oops - it's ksward63 
 Chris,  Attached is my new and (in my opionion) improved spreadsheet for the citizens deal.  As you can see, there are slight differences between my calculations and John Cogans. the main issue is as follows:  1)Calculation of the spread - he is taking the greater of PG&E topock minus $.10 minus pipeline demand charges OR SJ + fuel.  This can create a negative spread value equal to pipeline commodity charges (which we are reimbursed for).  The results of all of this is mulitplied by $.085.  I am assuming that the floor for the spread is SJ, therefore, the spread = zero if it does turn out to be less than zero.  I hope you have time to review - Once this is fixed you are done - just collecting money.  I am working with Darla and Ann to get the orig granted.  thanks,  Kim 
 went this morning - did you go? 
 Any word on Noresco?  Just got a call - 
 Darla,  Attached is a spreadsheet we prepared that details August business with Citizens regarding the Griffith deal.  Please use this to prepare your invoice.  Also, please inform me if they do not pay us by the due date.  John Cogan should not be paid until we get paid by Citizens.  Please call me and we can discuss the spreadsheet as there are cells that must be verified against the TW invoice as well as Sitara.  In addition to billing Citizens, the following entries need to be made each month:  1)  payment to John Cogan 2)  origination to Kim Ward and Chris Foster (50/50) 3)  payment to EARMS for the $.02 insurance Chris negotiated  These amounts are dealed in the last three columns of the spreadsheet.  There may be some updates to the spreadsheet that will create some prior adjustments but these should be ironed out soon.  Call me when you get a chance.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Jim,  Could you send an electronic version of the latest RFP you sent out?  I am having some people help me internally and an electronic version would be helpful.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim Ward West Gas Origination 713-853-0685 
 Jay,  A couple of weeks ago I asked you to review the City of Las Cruces and let me know if we have an enfolio or if we have sent them a draft.  Could you let me know where we stand with that?  I need to respond to them by Monday, the 8th.  thanks,  Kim  PS  Also, I know you sent Debra a request for an Enfolio for IID but I never received a copy.  Did you? 
 Hi guys,  Could we provide a price indication to PNM for a physical call option (offer) for Cal 02 and Q3, 2002 for San Juan gas?  Let start with $.50 out of the money and $1.00 out of the money.  This would be a monthly option.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Art,  We can price this up for you but I have a couple of questions -  1)  Is this physical or financial 2)  Is is a daily call or monthly call 3)  Would you like this priced at the money or $.50, $1.00 or more out of the money?  I other words, what do you want your cap to be?  Thanks,  Kim  ps  What is the schedule for the baloon fest the 10th - 12th?  I'm trying to work around some meetings etc. 
 Hi Jeff,  Laird gave me your name and number so that I can pass on notional price information that you asked for.  Let me know anytime you need to see our price indications and I will do what I can to help you.  I know that Laird has worked with you guys extensively.  The prices that he said you were looking at are listed below and are based on PG&E City gate prices:  Q4, 2001                			    $11.70 2 years - Jan. 2002-Dec 2003		    $ 6.80 5 years - Jan. 2002-Dec 2006		    $ 5.85 Oct. 2001 - Dec. 2003	  		    $ 7.38  I tried to call but it was after hours for you.  Give me a call and let me know where you are with your gas supply negotiations and I will try to pick up where Laird left off.  Regards,  Kim Ward 713-853-0685 
 Can you price that physical call for PNM at the money and $.50 out of the money instead of what I previously requested?  Thanks,  Kim 
 Art,  The premium for a monthly, physical, at the money call for Cal 02, 5000/day delivered @ San Juan would be $.48.  For Q3 only, the premium would be $.49.  I hope this is helpful. Let me know if you have questions or need anything else.  I will call you tomarrow about the balloon fest.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Hello again,  I talked to Mary Jo yesterday and exchanged emails with Tricia - looks like they are thinking of a girls weekend in Chicago Oct. 26 -28.  If Tricia didn't ask you for your address before, she needs it - as do I.  How does that look for you?  I can get a ticket right now for $188.  I do wish you would come down here with Jeff sometime.  Of course I would want to have you for part of the time you were here!  Jeff could come too - we could go to dinner or I could have a bar-b-que or something!  Yes - I am still hanging out with Pete.  Things are good. He is very nice and lots of fun!  Keep me posted on the girls weekend and I hope things are going well for you!  Love, Kim 
 Saw you at the baseball game last night.  Credit being all work and no play is just not true! 
 What do you know about Panda Resources?  Nothing in a rush right now but I am showing them 10 year prices for their plant in AZ.  I would, however, like to be prepared to do bidness!  Let me know what you need.  Thanks,  Ki. 
 Don,  Attached is a request for a gas proposal for a retail customer in California.  Now that Roger Ponce is gone, and I am unable to get in touch with Derick Kelley, I no longer have a contact at EES to send these potential customers to.  Can you tell me who is handling retail customers in the West, particularly California?  Thanks,  Kim Ward Manager West Gas Origination 
 Art,  It looks like I won't be able to make it.  I have some meetings set up that I seem to be unable to re-arrange.  I really appreciate the invite though.  Maybe next time.  However, I am going to try to make it to Albuquerque before the end of the year.  I will let you know what my plans are.  Thanks again for the invitation.  Sorry I didn't get back to you sooner.  Kim 
 Hi David,  I got your name from Don Black as the replacement for Roger Ponce.  I am on the West Gas Origination desk for ENA in Houston and often run across customers looking for gas supply, particularly in California, that would be considered retail customers.  I am forwarding a request I received this morning that EES might be interested in.  I will continue to forward such information to you unless you let me know you are not the person I should be contacting.  Thanks,  Kim Ward 
 Craig,  If the file is a small blue box with deal numbers and prices, I can open it.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Ann,  I just spoke with Jay Williams from our credit department and he only needs CalPeak's latest audited financial statements with management notes.  Any additional information that helps us understand the company and how it is set up will be helpful.  Sending this information overnight will probobly be our best bet.  My address is as follows:  1400 Smith Street, EB3206a Houston, TX  77002  Also, Jay's phone number is 713-345-3923.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Debra,  A couple of weeks ago, Jay Williams sent a credit worksheet to you to prepare an Enfolio agreement for Imperial Irrigation District.  I will be forwarding an RFP response to them Friday which is required to include our draft contract.  I haven't received a copy of this draft.  Could you forward this to me at your earliest convenience?  Thanks,  Kim Ward 
 Kelli,  When you have a chance this morning, can we update the blend and extend with Merced?  Still an indication.  They will transact at some point, maybe not until next week but they will do something.  They are leaning towards this blend though.  thanks for your help,  Kim 
 thanks! Kim 
 Steve,  Attached is a little presentation detailing our proposal for some El Paso capacity that I previously mentioned to you.  Once you have a chance to look it over, give me a call and we can discuss your interests, what would make the proposal more attractive for Santa Clara, and any questions that you might have.  Also,  did you receive my indications for the products you were interested in?  Thanks,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination 713-853-0685 
 Some of these are pretty funny. 
 From Fuller - 
 Jeff,  Got your message this morning and we have refreshed the blend and extent price for you.  For 2040 MMbtu/day at the PG&E City Gate for January, 2002 through December 2005, the blend and extend price is $5.205.  Nymex for the outer years has been moving up since last week, therefore, the little increase in price.  Let me know if there is anything else you need -  Thanks,  Kim 
 Let me know if you need anything else -  Kim 
 Let me know if you need anything else -  K. 
 Monica,  Let's talk once you get a chance to review.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Laird,  City of Corona California planning for form a muni utility and purchase power generators.  Article in today's NGI.  Let's get 'em!  K. 
 Steve,  Attached is a draft copy of our master purchase/sale contract that we discussed.  Let me know if you have any questions - I will have my legal department standing by to assist.  Thanks,  Kim Ward 713-853-0685 
 variable is all we reimburse them for - they are responsible for the demand.  Let me know if you need anything else with regards to the redwood capacity  Thanks,  Kim 
 Kelli,  Could you (or someone) price up an @ the money call option for 1500/day (physical) at Malin for July - October, 2004?  Please let me know if you have any questions!  thanks,  Kim 
 monthly would be correct!  Thanks! 
 Sara,  Believe it or not, we are very close getting our signed ISDA from the City of Glendale.  Steve Lins, the City attorney had a couple of questions which I will attempt to relay without having a copy of the documents.  1)  I am assuming that he obtained a for legal opinion letter or document of some sort.  This document references a confirmation and we are not sure what this references.  Typically, it references a transaction, which in this case, there are no transactions yet.  He feels this reference should be deleted.  What is your opinion regarding this?  2)  We sent him a couple of form documents to facilitate the documents required under the ISDA.  One form ws a form resolution.  They have already received City Council approval to enter into financial tranactions and to enter into an ISDA with us.  Steve is going to get a certified copy of this Resolution.  Will this suffice?  When you return, I may try to do one last conference call to alleviate any unanswered questions.  I think we will have an executed ISDA with the City of Glendale by the end of next week.  I am going to be out there meeting with them on Wednesday.  Thanks for your help,  Kim 
 Glendale's City Attorney is Steve Lins.  His phone number is 818-548-2080 and his email is slins@ci.glendale.ca.us.  Please let me know if you need anything else.  I will be in their offices on Wednesday.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Is this to obtain outside opinion?  I thought we were going to do that at our own expense. 
 I will work on this for you - and will be in touch.  Thanks! 
 Steve,  could you provide the name, phone number, etc. of your bond council for our attorney, Sara Shackleton?  Thanks,  Kim 
  Sara,  FYI, how do we proceed?  Kim 
  Barry,  I haven't had a chance to review this but I will when I get in.  Thanks, Kim 
 Chris,  Attached is a draft copy of a Master Purchase/Sale Agreement  for physical natural gas transactions.  We are working on some of the information that Bonnie sent us and will be in touch next week with some ideas.  It would be good for us to go ahead and get things rolling with this contract so we will be prepared to enter into transactions, whether they fall within the the realm of the management services agreement or not.  Please call me with any questions you might have.  My legal guys are standing by to assist, too.  Have a good weekend -  Kim Ward 
 call me 
 I am back in the office - we are having a conference call this afternoon to iron out the last calculation questions and you will get a final spreadsheet for August and September from Mara Bronstein.  I have not talked to Sarabeth as you have the only copy of the invoice that I had.  Have you talked to Bryce about that invoice?  What do you guys need in order to pay them?  Thanks, Kim 
 Sounds good to me!  Just let me know what time.  You gonna work out? 
 I will be happy to cruise the mall with you - as long as we don't go on halloween! Have a great afternoon and I will see you later! K. 
 Kelli,  While on my adventures west yesterday, Burbank and Pasadena expressed some interest in the Peaker product that Lucci and Fuller were peddling a month or two ago.  Burbank is interested in looking at a 30 day call out of 365 days (Cal 02) for 5000.  Pasadena would like to look at 10 days out of the winter.  They just want indications for comparison to regular calls.  I know you will have questions - please come by and we can talk about them.  I left my notebook at home and feel lost today.  thanks, Kim 
 Hey, just workin and playin.  No planned vacations!  What's new with you?  How's work?  Things here have slowed down somewhat.  Hope that's not a bad sign for next year!  What have you been up to?  Haven't seen you about town at all. 
 socal border.  Thanks for your help  Kim 
 Hey!  Glad to hear you are well.  I have thought about our days on the 92nd floor as well.  Had some acquaintances that worked for Cantor as well as a close friend who worked for them that was called back to Houston for a meeting that very morning. Very glad he is with us today!  It is cool that you hired Palmore.  You will have to tell him hello for me.  I did come back to Houston in January.  Enron brought me back to peddle gas in the West US.  Nothing much new in my life, just a new house and job - but I am glad to be back.  I miss the outdoor life in Portland but the people here are so much more fun and nice!  If you are ever in town - you better have a beer with me!  I will let you know if I am in Dallas - Take care,  Kim 
 I am living in an awesome garden home 1 block west of Kirby between richmond and West Alabama.  Awesome location.  You will have to see it sometime.  I think I invited you to my housewarming party.  I will just have to keep your name on the list for future parties.  I never have customers in town but I have three in next week, including dinner plans with Tucson Electric on Thursday night.  Maybe the following Thursday?  I am usually open - let me know.  Kim 
 Jeff,  A 10 year fixed price indication at the PG&E City Gate out of Jan. 02 is approximately $3.32.  I hope this is helpful.  Let me know how I can help facilitate the blend with Merced.  Let me know if there is any thing else that you need.  thanks,  Kim 
 Roger,  I don't know if you are the one to send this to but i am starting with you - let me know what we can do to take care of this EES customer.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Darla,  Could you please remit to John Cogan $749.9 for a brokering fee due him related to sales to Citizens Utilites for July, 2001.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination 
 David,  Here is another possible retail deal in Cali.  Good Luck!  Kim 
 Sent to David Hensel, Director of West Marketing for EES.  He will probobly delegate it.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Sara,  Mark Russell of Salt River Project sent me their ISDA documents last week.  Can we take a look at them and make the changes we would like to incorporate?  He called this morning and they are considering financial transactions with us.  Please give me a call and let me know where we stand with this when you get a chance.  If I should send it on to some one else.  Please let me know that as well.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Jay,  Can you send a credit worksheet to Sara for an ISDA for Salt River Project?  Sara, I am attaching the SRP documents.  Let me know if you guys need anything else.  What do you think the timing is on getting a credit worksheet together and a review of their docs?  Thanks,  Kim 
 J.,  I am attaching proforma statements for the 2 Panda projects in Arizona.  Hopefully we can put together a credit worksheet and send them a contract. (At least that's where I think we are!)  Any news on SRP or NCPA?  Thanks,  Kim 
 J.,  Sorry, I sent the other email before I got this one.  The contact that I would recommend at NCPA is Dean Park, 916-781-4224.  He will either help you or can direct you to someone else.  You can reference the RFP if you would like.  You are right, NCPA is a consorsium of Munis.  The ones that would be involved in this particular transaction would be the Cities of Roseville, Lodi, Lompoc, and Alameda. The transaction would be a physical basis transaction for 5000/day at city gate for 2002-2004.  We would be buying back $3.37 Physical BASIS for 2002.  This would be a sort of blend and extend.  Our deal would be Physical Basis.  Let me know if you have any more questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Thanks, Beth.  Credit will review and I will let you know if he has any questions.  I think the next thing we were waiting on were your new contracts.  If you guys need anything   while we are waiting on those, please let me know!  Also, if we need to meet in person, once we get things rolling, we are available to come to Dallas.  Thanks,  Kim 
 David,  I got a phone call from Summit energy, through whom I supply full requirements gas to Smurfit Stone Container Corporations plants in southern California.  Smurfit has a couple of plants in El Paso, Texas, on the Southern Union System, that Summit is looking to obtian bids for.  The contact at Summit is Jason Ramsey and his number is 502-429-3800.  Their load is about 100,000 MMBtu annually.  Is there someone at EES that would be interested in working on this transaction?  Let me know if EES is not interested and I will let Jason know.  Thanks,  Kim Ward 
  Mara,  Here is the proposed revised contract with Citizens.  Could you take a look at it and see if the logic works in accordance with the spreadsheet?  sort of like how you built the original spreadsheet from the original contract.  Let me know if you have any questions and how this turns out.  Thanks,  Kim 
 I got the agreement this morning but they misspelled Roseville!!  I am having them change it and will email it to you when I get it.  Do you want me to send you a hard copy or is an email version ok with you?  Let me know -  Thanks,  Kim  PS How are things? 
 Kelli,  Attached is a request from PNM for an indication for the price of a put for Q3 next year.  This is a physical option that is at the money.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Art,  We have priced these at the money puts and they are kind of expensive.  For the monthly put, Strike of $2.72, premium would be $.495.  For the Daily put, the premium would be $.535.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Prices might be lower tomarrow given the downturn since AGA's came out.  If you are willing to look at out of the money puts, the price would be better as well.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Susan,  Sorry this has taken so long but attached is my first cut at a term sheet for Exide Technologies.  Please call me with any questions or comments.  Thanks,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination 713-853-0685 
 Susan,  Call me if you need anything.  Thanks,  Kim 
 I will be traveling to Arizona for meetings next Tuesday and will be meeting with Salt River Project.  I would like to be able to take our ISDA comments with me.  Where do we stand with this?  thanks,  Kim 
 Hey Lyndon,  How are you?  Long time - no email!  I hope things are going well for you.  Went to Happy Hour with Kim 1, Susie, Stacy, and Melissa last night.  Susie and Stacy just got back from the Bahamas.  Kim 1 and Melissa left today for Cabo San Lucas.  As for me, I am painting the inside of my house.  Not nearly as much fun.  But with this economy combined with my company's 3rd quarter earnings - my net worth is the worst it has been in YEARS!!!!  In other words - I am poor!  Anyway, we were talking about our upcoming trip on the Poly in January and we were all wondering (especially me) if you had decided to remain in Austrailia or rejoin Casey on the boat.  I think we all hope we see you in Jan!  Gotta go back to work and try to get this stock price back up - take care, keep in touch, and let me know what fun things you have been up to!  Love, K2 
 Darla is ready to bill citizens for Sept.  I guess we can use Cogans sheet if we are comfortable it is correct.  Let me know if you need anything and when you think we can get this to Darla.  ]  Thanks,  Kim 
 Lynn,  Attached is the confirm for November.  Let me know if you have any questions or problems.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Tom,  Attached is our term sheet in response to your request for bid.  I have also attached sample contract for your review.  We are waiting to hear from your credit guy to obtain some financial information.  Please call me with any questions or concerns.  Thanks,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination 713-853-0685 
 Kelli,  Could you send me the NCPA worksheet?  thanks,  Kim 
 Dan,  Can you send a template of the GISB agreement to this guy?  thanks,  Kim 
 Hey guys - it looks like NCPA got our proposal and would like for us to refresh by 9 am PPT tomarrow morning.  That is 11 our time.  Jay, where are we with credit and contracts.  I think we need to have this done today.  Can you let me know what our status is?  Barry is asking me.  Kelli, can we refresh in the morning fairly quickly?  I would love to get this deal done.  Tomarrow, we need to add a little orig!  Please let me know if any of you have any questions.  thanks,  Kim 
 Let's talk about that.  I want to get the deal and make as much money as possible!!!  So I would like to test it out and see what seems reasonable.  thanks,  Kim 
 of course - where do you want to meet? and what time? 
 Amy,  Could you remove Jan Kennedy from your email list (City of Mesa) and add clifford_cauthen@ci.mesa.az.us <mailto:clifford_cauthen@ci.mesa.az.us>?  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 J.,  what is the status of this?  Mark Russell called again this morning for status.  I think he talked to Bill.  Please let me know.  thanks,  Kim 
 tomarrow is fine.  Talk to you then.  Kim 
 We could meet at my house and sit on my patio.  I should stick around until 5:30 or so.  I could be home by 5:45 or 6.  Is that cool? 
 The physical basis offer indication for Dec - March at the City Gate is about $.32.  The fixed price indiation for the 38 month period you mentioned is approximately $4.39.    We need to discuss this structure in detail if you are serious about buying physical gas from us and we also need to get contracts in place. Let me know if there is anything else you need.  thanks,  Kim 
 where will you be coming from?  If you go south on Kirby, turn left and travel west on Richmond.  Take the first right onto Lake street.  Go through the first stop sign and I am behind the black iron gate on your left.  My address is 3110 Lake and I am behind 3112 Lake.  Park on the street.  If the car gate is closed, the people gate code is c1984.  See you then -  Kim 
 =20 
 Dan,  El Paso Electric's lawyer is Will Garant and his number is 512-495-8832.  He is the one dealing with our LT contract and is familiar with the collateral issues.  Matt Henry is the lawyer that drafted their long term contract attached.  I can get his number if you need it but I think he works at the same firm as Will.  Let me know what I can do to help and if you have any questions.  Thanks again for your help.  Kim 
 It is right behind 3112.  There are only 3 garden homes inside the gate - and 3110 is real big on my double green doors.  Call if you get lost - 713-412-4571.  Kim 
 Nov-01	12339	16861	8932 
  Attached is the new contracts by which Los Angeles Department of Water and Power intends on entering into natural gas purchases and sales.  Is there any hope of getting in on some of this action?  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 I am available next week.  I would love to get together.  Tonight, an old friend is coming by the house for a drink around 6.   I would love for you to join us.  He is married and will probobly have to go home.  Don't know what's going on after.  Pete and I broke up last night.  Very sad.  Call me if you get a chance 713-853-0685  K. 
    In a message dated 10/20/01 9:35:02 AM Pacific Standard Time, Hbskuro writes: > > An Irish Wish, , , , , , , , > > > > > > You had better send this back! ! ! ! Good Luck! ! I hope it works. . . > > > May there always be work for your hands to do; > > > May your purse always hold a coin or two; > > > May the sun always shine on your windowpane; > > > May a rainbow be certain to follow each rain; > > > May the hand of a friend always be near you; > > > May God fill your heart with gladness to cheer you. > > > > > > Ok, this is what you have to do. . . . Send this to ALL of your >friends! > > > > > > But - you HAVE to send this within 1 hour from when you open it! > > > > > > Now. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Make A wish! ! ! ! ! ! > > > > > > I hope you made your wish! > > > Now then, if you send to: > > > * 1 person --- your wish will be granted in 1 year > > > * 3 people --- 6 months > > > * 5 people --- 3 months > > > * 6 people --- 1 month > > > * 7 people --- 2 weeks > > > * 8 people --- 1 week > > > * 9 people --- 5 days > > > *10 people --- 3 days > > > *12 people --- 2 days > > > *15 people --- 1 day > > > *20 people --- 3 hours > > > > > >> >  if you send it 2 of your friends . . . . you will >automatically > > > have > > > 3 years of good luck! ! ! : -) > > > > > > *** Believe in yourself, know what you want, and make it happen!  > > > > > > > >   _________________________________________________________________ Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com/intl.asp 
 Please call me when you get a chance.  I have a question.  thanks,  Kimmie x30685 
 Funny you should ask about my life right now.  Now you are sure to get an earful!  Beware - My country is at war and going into a major recession, my company is falling down around my feet, my grandmother is sick,  I am broke, and my boyfriend broke up with me last week, further confirming my ability to fail when it comes to relationships.  ( I know I act tought when it comes to this stuff but I am really sad about this one)  I guess that I am not sick and I do have lots of friends.  But I am tired and need someone to take over at this point - - - -  I can't believe that you didn't get my email about gas being a buy a couple of weeks ago.  I guess if I had seen you when I was there, I could have told you in person.  AS for business over here, gas and power trading is still going strong.  However, all of the events have affected us in a huge way financially.  Down to whether we get bonuses or not.  It is not going to be a good year just trying to stay strong but I think that we will survive, and mostly thanks to EnronOnline.  Curious about what's going on there since you mentioned it.  Anyway - sorry to burden you with my personal problems.  I do hope things are going ok for you - too bad you're not going to make it here.  As we are in a cash crunch, I think I am probobly grounded for the remainder of the year.  Who knows!  Keep in touch - K. 
 Sorry I didn't forwarn you so you could choose to re-schedule.  Funny how things can change in just one week!  Suzanne is awesome - don't know what I would do without her.  We just went to Berryhill and had a taco and margarita.  Not a late night.  You didn't have to leave - I am glad you came though.  Hope we can do it again sometime - once I get over this hump.  (See, I am still insecure and a disaster when it comes to relationships! and I hadn't even gone there in 5 years!)  Take care and keep in touch.  kim 
 He is canadian.  Did you meet him?  What's going on this week? 
 Chris,  Can you send or fax me a copy of the contract between us/Citizens and EARMS?  I don't have a copy and i need one in order to get these invoices processed.  thanks,  Kim 
 Lynn,  I thought you might be interested in the new draft proposal for the QFs in Cali.    Kim 
 PLEASE take me with you.  I am at a low in my life - recently reassured that I am a failure in relationships that really mean something to me.  The only point in my life where I can't seem to be successful. 
 Please remind me of the exact changes so I can go to my back office.  Things have just been crazy around here so sorry for overlooking this.  '  Thanks,  Kim 
 Art,  We are pricing the calls up for you and will have them in the morning.  As for the comments on the contract, you can send them to me and I will put them in our lawyers hands.  Thanks so much for getting that document throught the system.  I will talk to you tomarrow.  Thanks,  Kim 
 I found it!  It was in a box in my garage.  Thanksgiving was just ok - have had better.  how was yours and what did you do this weekend? 
 came back from dallas friday - just went to houstons with a friend.  Saturday, worked on the house and ran some errands.  Went out saturday night and drank too much - just hung out yesterday.  Nothing at all exciting!  I am very boring these days! 
 I went to this party with my friend Brad Fagan - we ended up at this loud bar and ran into P. - It wasn't much fun. 
 yes - he's always nice. 
 Here are my updates,  Kim 
 Did you go this morning?  If not, do you want to go after work? 
 thanks for the look 
 please remove my email address from your distribution list. 
 Megan,  Are we going to owe Pasadena money for every invoice?  If not, since we owe them so much on this one, is there a way we can offset with future invoices where they owe us money?  Can we check into that?  Let me know -  Kim 
 check this out - can you tell I am bored? 
 Wht do you think?  I was really bored today 
 how's this 
   Suzanne,  can you forward to Lori and Joe Gordon.  Terri,  Can you forward to Pierce, Stacy, and Donna? 
 you still here? 
 please remove my email address from your distribution list. 
 Thanks you so much for working on these as fast as you have - there was a priority in getting them out.  However, as you know, the less cash outlay that we have right now the better.  Lets wait and try to offset the amount we owe them with what they owe us - so I say wait until you get July and August done.  What do you think the time frame is on this?  And when would be the earliest that we would make the payment?  Thanks,  Kim 
 Dan,  Attached is a term sheet that has been agreed to with the City of Pasadena to extend a current deal that we have with some minor changes.  Could you help me put together the confirmation?  Please call me with any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Patti is the one with the details, I'm just the deal maker and don't have access to any of the systems.  All I know is what fixed priced baseload deals we have.  I have no idea what flows.  I hope Patti can help you soon.  Let me know if you don't hear from her today.  Thanks,  Kim 
 thats fine - we can't pay them anyway 
 Are you going to hang out with me and Camille tonight? 
 Jack,  Thanks so much for the message.  You are right, we are still a great trading organization.  Unfortunately, we had some people outside this organization make mistakes.  As for Tuesday, lets play it by ear.  I think we will continue to be a business and I still consider you a great customer.  Call me when you get into town and I will have a lot more information to share.  Thanks again for your email -  Kim 
 This makes 8 
 why are they doing this? 
 So do we have a special agreement in place for the full requirements gas deal?  I think that you did that deal before I came to the gas desk.  How can I get a copy of the penalty language?  Thanks,  Kim 
 Please remove me from your email distribution list. 
 Mr. Dossett,  I did not have your email address - however, I do recall inviting you verbally to the party, in person.  No one else on that distribution list received such an honor.  I am sorry you can't make it, as I know you have a black tie affair, however, there have been 12 girls who have accepted our invitation and only 3 guys.  Therefore, my party might have a better ratio for you.  Sorry you'll miss it!  And I have TN and 18 for a smoothie.  Think I'll win?  Kim 
 Attached is the latest term sheet for Pasadena for April through August.  Just wanted to share with you what we were going to be doing with them in the near term.  Ann, could you help me get this deal into the system?  PLEASE let me know if any of you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 713-646-2391 
 please remove my email address from your distribution list. 
 are you going to this happy hour tonight? =20 Kim 
 Hey, just hanging in here to see what happens.  Let me know if you know of anything out there that would help me pay bills!  We should know more next week.  Kim 
   my number is 713-412-4571 (cell) and 713-526-7117 (home)  Hope to see you guys there!  Kim 
 please remove my email address from your distribution list 
 1)  Army Guerrara - 713-817-4180 - army710@msn.com - called about a gas originator in N. California  2)  Todd Kubicki - 630-990-7510 - tkubicki@kappasearch.com  3)  Joelene Whittaker - 801-531-6500 - jwhittaker@stmassociates.com - called about an originator position in Denver - eprime or PSCO  4)  Patti Broderson - 770-792-1962 - Wyndham Mills - called about several jobs - one with FPL as a power originator in California  5)  Matt Shipman - 214-720-6001 - mshipman@kronckecolman.com  6)  Jon Halliburton - 713-965-9381 - jon_halliburton@prostaff.com   Looks like I'm going to Denver to live with Paul Lucci - he said I wouldn't have to pay rent?!?!?!?!?!  Send me your list too.  K. 
 Scotty,  Long time - no email.  How are you?  As you know, things aren't so good here.  It is so sad!!!  Anyway, just wanted to put another bug in your ear - I'm still pro Atlanta.  If you know of anything going on at Mirant that would be a fit for me - please let me know.  West gas or power, origination or trading.  Give me a call sometime - I don't know how long I will be at this desk but my number here is 713-853-0685.  My cell is 713-412-4571.  That shouldn't change.  My email address at home is kward1@houston.rr.com.  I do hope all is well with you - and that you keep in touch no matter what!  Take care,  Kim 
 Hey,  know of anyone or anything at Mirant that might make sense for me to talk to?  k. 
 Socal Smurfit-Stone Container Pasadena  PG&E Holly Sugar City of Palo Alto  Patti, if there are others that I am not aware of, will you please let Kris know?  Thanks,  Kim 
 Dan Hyvl - we sent them a draft two/three weeks ago. 
 Bob,  I had our contracts folks look into any contracts we had with LADWP.  It looks like we have something that would cover short term transactions.  However, in order to enter into a 12 month or longer transaction, we will need to put a master purchase/sale agreement in place.  I asked legal to send our standard agreement to you.  I hope that you will take a look at it.  Any questions or issues that you might have with it, you can bring to my attention and I will make sure the appropriate parties are brought into the conversation.  Also,  I have attached the prices that you asked for earlier.  Let me know if you need anything else!!  Thanks,  Kim 
 I told you 
 As you probobly knew, Camille is gone.  I missed working out with Dean this morning - oh well.  Thought you might want to know about Camille. 
 e.  Here's my stuff - 3110 lake St. Houston, 77098.  713-526-7117.  kward1@houston.rr.com.  Good Luck and please keep in touch.  Kim 
 Hey,  I called both of your contacts on Friday and have not heard back from either of them!  Does Kristin Stanton work for either of them?  Kim  ps.  I'm still at work - will know more by Monday 
 I am definitely in.  Please let me know the details.  I am so sorry to hear this.  If you have Susie's address, can you send it to me?  Thanks,  Kim 
 I'm fine so far - just looking for a job .  How are you? 
 Kathy,  I would like to change my United Way contribution for 2002 to $0.  Please let me know what information you need to make this change.  Thanks,  Kim Ward 
  Jeanie,  I would like to change my United Way contribution to zero and it looks like Kathy is no longer with us.  Who should I send my request to at this point?  Thanks,  Kim 
 did you put that on my desk? 
 Cliff,  For gas day December 6, 2001, Enron did not schedule gas to the City of Mesa.  I was unaware of this until late in the day Dec. 5.  Therefore, it is my interpretation, under section 12 of the contract, Enron is not providing sufficient gas supply to the City on this day.  The City of Mesa should determine its best course of action based on the terms of the contract given the fact that Enron did not schedule gas for December 6th.  Please notify me of any new supply or other course of action, as soon as possible.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 AS we discussed. 
 Some of you may have gotten a similar email before but it seems as though it is appropriate once again - I just wanted to pass on my personal information so that any of you can get in touch with me through a mean others than Enron -  3110 Lake Street Houston,TX  77098 713-526-7117 (home) 713-412-4571 (cell) kward1@houston.rr.com  Please keep in touch!  Kim 
 check this out  http://www.headhunter.net/share/det.asp?d=J42QS1MKNJ1V5Q1R06 
 Is this a new email address for you? 
 But Oregon would be eaten alive by Miami - they haven't played anyone this year.  Just got a call about a power originator job in Denver.  Interesting! 
 hello 
 Lou,  I am still here but I am unable to give out quotes at this time.  Please accept my apologies and I will be in touch once things are straightened out around here.  Kim 
 I faxed these documents to you earlier.  If you did not get them, please let me know.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Garrett,  I do have E.'s home email address - emainzer@attbi.com.  Thought you might like it.  Talk to you soon!  Kim 
 Ann,  Attached is a draft of Enron's response to your request for proposals for gas supply to power generation plant in development by Calpeak Power, LLC.  As requested, Enron has provided indexed pricing with the option to convert to various fixed priced products during the term of the agreement.  The options presented are not intended to represent a complete list of opportunities, but are representative of the different pricing structures Enron offers.  There are several additional structures available  and we look forward to discussing these options with you.  Please call me with any questions you might have regarding the proposal.  I look forward to hearing from you soon.  Thanks,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination 713-853-0685 
 If I wasn't going to phx tomarrow I would say lets go! 
 how do you get into expert finder? 
 Hey, I don't have your cell phone number because I am unorganized!  Call me at work if you get a chance today - 713-853-0685.  Leaving at 12:30 to go to Phoenix.  HOpe you're ok,  Kim 
 worked 
 FYI - here are the plans for New Years - you should join us.  This is going to be fun!  27th - Camille arrives in Denver 28th - Kim arrives in Denver 29th a.m. - Kim, Camille, Gayleen, Molly, Paul, and Paul's friend drive to Vail, ski, and play.  Stay in Vail (Paul has reserved 2 rooms) 30th - ski Vail and drive back to denver 31st - Paul is responsible for finding an awesome party for us in Denver. 1st - Kim goes back to Houston (to pack for the Caribbean!)  Paul has all the details if you are interested -  Kim 
 Megan,  Mara has been terminated so I looked in our files and found a spreadsheet for November.  However, it doesn't have the volumes filled in. Shannon Groenewald should be able to provide you with the actual volumes and all you should have to do is add them to this spreadsheet.  I have copied Shannon on this email so she should expect to hear from you.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 It was painful !  Actually made it through an airplane flight, 2 meetings, a reception, and dinner!! 
 Yonnie,  I hope you are doing well.  I just talked to Wende and we discussed having lunch with you on the 26th.  My flight isn't until 7 pm that day and I would love to see you.  I hope you will be able to make it!  My job search is going well.  I was in Denver yesterday and that looks promising.  I may just wait for the new deal here to go through to see what is still left with the "new company".  I am traveling Jan 3 - 12 so it just makes sense to wait!  We can chat more when I see you!  Let either me or Wende know if you can make it!  Talk to you later -  Love,  Kim 
 check out the following websites for airfare:  www.orbitz.com - the best so far. www.cheaptickets.com www.hotwire.com - with this one, you see the offer but won't know the airline or flight times until you lift the offer  register for sidestep and it will show you what priceline offers anytime you look for airfare under any other platform  Then of course, there is expedia and travelocity - but they tend to be more expensive.  Also, sometimes when you check the same website again 5 minutes later, it will show a better price.  Don't forget - tomarrow is 7 days in advance (that might matter)  p.s.  If you want to see how UN attractive my friends are - we are going to be a the wine bucket (new place - W. Alabama just east of Kirby) at 6 pm tonight.  Suzanne, Camille, Jeanie, Lori, Elizabeth.  You can check Camille out for yourself.  Bring others along. 
 Mary,  Attached is a letter providing notification of our cancellation as authorized market for the city of Pasadena.  Please let me know if you have any quesitons.  Thanks,  Kim Ward 
 Paul Lucci -  303-575-6474  work 303-810-5708  cell 303-469-6768  home  Mark Whitt -  303-575-6473  work 303-807-3961  cell 303-674-5459  home 
 Mary,  Attached is a letter notifying Socal Gas that Enron Administrative Services is no longer the authorized marketer for Jefferson Smurfit Corp & Stone Container Corp.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination 
 Patti,  Just a reminder that we are no longer authorized marketer for Pasadena or Smurfit.  HOwever, we are acting as agent for Pasadena and will continue to schedule for them.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 I sent the spreadsheet and instructions to Megan Parker.  She should be putting it together for you.  Thanks,  Kim  ps.  I will be out until Jan. 14 except for checking in on the 28th and the 2nd. 
 http://www.orbitz.com/App/PerformFlightSearch?cache=1009468919716&requestId=57&lastPage=interstitial  $353 - you have no excuse! 
 We are not authorized marketer - only agent.  In other words, we are scheduling for them but not supplying their gas. 
 WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU LAST NIGHT?  SEND ME AN EMAIL - WITHOUT REPLYING TO THIS ONE USING KIM.WARD@ENRON.COM.  WE JUST MIGRATED TO OUTLOOK AND I AM HAVING CONFLICTS WITH THE KIM WARD IN LONDON.  THANKS! 
 Monica,  Attached are the price indications that you asked for.  Let me know if you want to do anything or if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
  Knauf keeps teasing me. 
 Tony,  I am still working on a term sheet for you.  I was hoping to get you something today but got pulled away.  Also, I still need to talk to our transportation expert regarding your situation.  Hopefully, I will have something tomarrow.  I will be in touch!  Thanks,  Kim Ward 
 Art,  Attached is the contract that would govern this transaction.  Barry and I have discussed San Juan risks but we are willing to take it - however, the actual offer at this time is $4.65 for 15,000 to 20,000 delivered at the Blanco Pool.  When you are ready to transact, I will update the exact price at that time.  Let me know what you want to do.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Sara,  I am available all day wednesday but will be out of the office on Thursday.  Let me know when you would like to meet.  Thanks,  Kim 
 kward 
 Lou,  Attached is the RFP response we discussed.  Enron has the capability of offering an array of risk management products.  We are unable to provide gas to you at Malin as we do not own firm transportation on the Redwood line.  Please call me with any questions that you might have.  Thanks,  Kim Ward 713-853-0685 
  Just got your message - I think you should try to come - if you can stand t= he humidity!!!  Would love to see you!  Kim =20 
 I just heard through the vine that APS is short about 2000 MW during peak periods through June.  FYI  Kim - 
 tucson - he saw a presentation at the ACC 
 Jessica Presas is my admin and I am in houston at 3206a.  this will change = Nov. 9.  fax number is 713-464-2391  Kim Ward 
 Jeff,  do you have a copy of the contract that we have with EARMS that Chris Foster was working on with Citizens earlier in the summer?  Let me know if you have any questions.  I need a copy in order to assist with getting EARMS paid.  thanks,  Kim 
 Art,  An at the money Daily call option (against first of the month index) for gas at San Juan is $.24 for Q3 next year.  At the money monthly call options would be $.58 with a strike of $3.10.  A fixed price daily call option would be $.60 with a strike of $3.10.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Susie,  Unfortunately, I have a customer in town that night.  when it rains, it pours!  Hopefully, we can get together soon.  Thanks for inviting me.  Kim 
 This looks good to me.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Steve Endo is sending his stuff right now. 
 Darla,  do you have that worksheet that I sent you that has June on it?  I deleted june and july so I need your help.  Thanks,  Kim 
 no, for the gelber stuff.  you know, that worksheet I sent you a long time ago. 
 Laird,  Attached is brief summary of my deals with Palo Alto.  Let me know if you would like for me to add more information.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Carmella,  you sent this to kim ward in London instead of to me.  Can you change it on= the email?  thanks,  Kim 
 Can you send me sally and susie's email addresses as well as sally, susie, stacy's and your aol IM name? I had to relog on and it messed my thing up.  thanks,  K2 
 Hey Mary Jo,  Sorry it has taken me so long to reply.  It sounds like a blast but I was unable to find good airfare.  I might check again today and if things change, I will let you know.  Thanks for thinking of me and for the invitation.  Maybe some other weekend - I do hope to see you again soon.  Kim 
 Darla,  As far as I can tell, Craig's requests are ok.  Also, the NSP and gelber invoices you sent me look ok.  I am attaching my manual spreadsheet for the deals I have done from August forward.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Remember to use this spreadsheet in conjunction with what is in the system.  Mara,  I am just sending you this spreadsheet.  This has nothing to do with the Griffith deal.  We can discuss later.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Chino plant 100% down = 80 MW Bagdad plant - 50% decrease in production = 40 mw Cerrito plant - 50% decrease in production = 40 mw  Basically 120 -150 MW offline due to PDs decrease in producion.  the same percentage decrease in gas demand is what we should see.  Let me know if you would like us to investigate this further.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Thanks, Kim - for always sending me my stray emails!  Have a good day (or night)  Kim 
 Karla,  Have you received these confirms yet?  Please let me know.  thanks,  Kim 
 Anne,  Please book the following accrual origination from grigsby's book to myself and Chris Foster ( 50% each):  June 2001	$9,566.58 July 2001	$5,706.52 Aug 2001	$7,736.97  Also, are you the one that I need to inform of what to pay John Cogan?  And if so, what months and amounts have we paid him?  I will have september ready today or tomarrow and October ready by the 10th which will be our standard procedure.  Let me know if you have any questions.  thanks,  Kim  ps  attached are the supporting spreadsheets 
 Chris,  Whatever happened to the Thermo Ecotek RFPs you responded to?  Kim 
 Art,  Just wondering about your comments to our Enfolio.  Thanks,  Kim  p.s.  What is going on in the market with you guys these days? 
  are you trying to confuse my customer? 
 J.,  Where are we with this process?  Did you ever get whatever info Sara needed to her?  Thanks,  Kim 
 Since I have my long vacation in January, the less time I have to take off, the better - so I think a long holiday weekend would be good.  Let me know!  Kim 
 chris,  Here is what is going on with Citizens right now:  1)  Mike Grigsby and Randy Gay are reviewing the revisions to the Griffith contract from their perspective.  I will have Patti review it once they are done.  I looked at your peaking language and was not able to enhance it.  However, does the new calculation address any unanticipated pipeline rate changes such that the demand margin or sales margin could be negetive? 2)  interuptible gas will flow right now to Nogales from the Waha pool, according to Pattie 3)  I am attaching a summary of the conference call we had on the 18th and would like your input before sending it out. 4) the capacity release was posted and matched successfully.  Let me know ifyou have any questions.  thanks,  Kim 
 Hey Jeanie,  thanks for the invite.  Please keep me posted.  Last night was fun.  Had just the right amount of trick or treaters to have one piece of candy left over for each of us!  Kimmie 
 are we going to work out with Dean tomarrow? 
 when? 
 ok 
  Gentlemen,  I haven't heard from anyone regarding LDWP's request listed below.  We have to reply by next week. What is the status?  There is an article in the NGI publication today.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Kim 
 Chris,  If you have a minute, will you look at this term sheet?  His volumes are really small but if we get the Palo Alto deal it won't be that big of a deal - unless we have to schedule less than 1 MMBtu. Oh yo!  His average daily volume, for both plants is about 178/day, based on annual usage.  I have proposed basically a GD deal with a first of the month index option if he can set a BDQ.  Thanks in advance.  Kim 
 I forgot to mention that Scott Masuda of Los Angeles Department of Water and Power will be in our offices on Monday afternoon.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Gerald,  I sent the following email to Jeff Hodge and Jason Williams on October 25th ad have heard nothing.  I reminded them this morning as we need to reply by mid next week.  Also, LDWP will be in our offices Monday afternoon.  Is this something that you can address faster than Jeff?  If so, just let him know and let me know how to proceed.  There was an article in the NGI publication this morning regarding this.  Thanks,  Kim 
 You're welcome.  I hope all is going well with you. 
 I did know all of that - talked to her just the other day.  I will miss her too!  Let me know if, when you need anything.  Kim 
 lets go now 
 Hello.  sorry I missed you last night ( and Saturday night!)  That football game I watched had 7 (a record) Overtimes!  The game lasted until about 10:30 and my team lost.  Very sad.  JDA and I went to Berryhill to meet Matt last night and I thought you would be there.  Is everything OK with you?  K. 
 attached are my changes 
 Sure you can stay at my house!  I will try to join you Thursday nite as well.  Things have been pretty shitty lately - with work, with the love life, and a huge sinus infection.  Hopefully things will be looking up by then!  Please make yourself at home!  You can come and go as you need.  Kim 
 I will try to make it.  Stewart and Paul Choi (PDX office) are suppose to be here but that may change.  Either way, I will try to make it.  Kim 
 Do you have my phone?  I think it might be in your car. 
 Unless it has changed, I sent him one on March 30.  Anyway, his email address is chgarne@ci.long-beach.ca.us  Let me know if you need anything else.  thanks,  Kim 
 Hey,  how was your weekend in Phoenix?  Hope it was good!  Are we still on for tonight?  K. 
 Just got an email regarding our trip to the Caribbean in Jan - more guys have signed up that women!  You should definitely think about it - especially since there is such a large group of us.  (protection in numbers)  There tends to be lots of drinking though - but a very laid back and relaxing time hanging out on beautiful beaches!  Glad to hear you had a good weekend.  I was sick with a cold/sinus infection the entire weekend - stayed home alone - am sick of myself!  Is Caraba's still the place of choice tonight?  Just let me know what time.  K. 
 Frank,  I am working with Panda Resources to potentially supply gas to a couple of their Arizona facilities.  However, they say they have a plant coming online March 1st in El dorado, Ark.  They looking for TX Gas for Mar - jun and Tn zone 0 starting July 1.  She has gone over the structures that she is looking for.  Is there someone in your group that would be interested in working on this potential gas supply with them?  Let me know.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Amy, =20 Can you add Scott Masuda with Los Angeles Department of Water and power to = your email?  His address is smasud@ladwp.com <mailto:smasud@ladwp.com> =20 Thanks, =20 Kim 
 Sean,  According to Patti, gas will flow on an interuptible basis to Nogales from the Waha pool.  Let me know if there is anything else that you need.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Janey,  Are you planning to respond to Bob Pettinato regarding this agreement or shall I?  thanks,  Kim 
 This is old news - where have you been? 
 Have you found my cell phone in my car yet? 
 FYI, attached is our response to Los Angeles Department of Water and Power's request that we execute their new Spot Gas Contract.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Houston has actually been nice - hasn't gone above 85 and it is great to sit outside at night.  Anyway, you work too much and need to think about getting a life!!  We had the best intentions of going to Greasewood flats but were too lazy to drive there.  It was an awesome relaxing weekend and the weather was great!!  We hiked camelback on Saturday.  I will be coming back to PHX to visit Arizona Public Service soon.  don't know exactly when yet.  Let me know when you feel the need to get away to some nice humid weather - it's good for the complexion, you know!!  Take care,  Kim 
 Attached is a summary of the conference call held between Enron, Citizens, and PP&L on October 18th.  Proposed procedures on how we will handle cuts from now on are also included.  Enron is making every effort available to ensure that PP&L receives 100% of the gas that they call on.  I feel that we need to formally agree to these procedures, either in the form of an amendment to the agreement or a formal letter signed by all parties.  Please let me know if you have any comments regarding these procedures and how you would like to proceed.  Thanks,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination 713-853-0685 
  Please change your address book to include kim ward in houston and not kim e. ward in london.  She continues to have to forward these emails to me.  If you have questions, please call me at x30685.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Hey Brian!  Good to hear from you - we are just sitting here watching our stock get killed AGAIN!!  Thanks for the pep talk last week - I certainly needed it.  Let me know next time you guys are out - maybe I can join in the fun!  Take care, Kim 
 Brenda,  Attached are the price indications that you requested.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination 713-853-0685 
 In light of the recent events here at enron and the uncertainty surrounding all of our employment, I would like each of you to have my home email address so that you can keep in touch.  No matter what happens, the work email address will change, whether I stay at Enron and we are aquired or I change companies.  Who knows what will happen or what the timing will be!  Donations can be made to - just kidding!  Hope all is well with all of you!  Kim  kward1@houston.rr.com 
 darla,  can you send me the invoice for the griffith stuff for July?  I think I need to make a change.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Sara,  Attached is Salt River Projects ISDA attachments.  I know that we have previously sent them our attachments (in 1999).  Mark Russell of SRP will be contacting you to negotiate this agreement.  I hope it is ok that I have him your name.  Please let me know if there is anything that I can do to help and keep me posted on developments.  Thanks!  Kim 
 Ang,  H and I were talking about coming to your house for thanksgiving.  Or ya'll could come to mine!  We aould both have to use miles - cash is a rare commodity in my world these days.  What do you think????  Call me if you get a chance - 713-526-7117 is home and 713-412-4571 is cell.  Kimmie 
 Kelli,  Can you help me price up a call option structure for Pasadena?  They want to Buy a Nymex Call with a strike of $3.50  for July - September 02 and they want to reduce the premium by selling us a $5.50 call for the same period.  Let me know if you have any questions.  thanks,  kim 
 THank you!!! 
 are you there?  Call me - 713-853-0685 
 I don't know what to do.  Boss says I don't need to look for a job and they will have to find some $$ to keep people. don't know that I want to be among the 7000 enron employees beating the streets.   Any suggestions?  there have been no formal announcements of layoffs but Logically, I feel like about 50% of my friends here will loose their jobs.  Especially the ones not associated with gas or power.  The world is in turmoil!  Wish I had my sailboat and 6 mos. $$ to live on - I would go to the caribbean and stay for a while. 
 Hi Joan - yes it is me, your long lost cousin!  You probobly got my address off of something that my mom sent around.  How are things with you?  As you probobly knew, I am back in Houston - which is very good as my company just announced a merger on Friday.  Worried about many of my friends but I am not so worried about loosing my job.  The world is certainly in turmoil!  Hope all is well with you and your family.  Keep in touch -  Kim 
 Hey!  The leg is healing nicely, thank you.  It did turn a little blue but I think I will live!  I say we are serious about the party but I have forwarded this to Suzanne to make sure she is on board.  I will keep you posted as things develop!  Hope to see you again soon -  Kim 
 Will you check our systems and invoice for July for the Citizens Griffith deal and let me know what we have billed/paid citizens and PPL for July 17th and July 26.  There are some significant discrepancies with these counterparties that need to be addressed ASAP.  Please let me know what you find.  You can call me at x30685.  thanks,  Kim 
 that is exactly it - and it worked for me today.  kward1@houston.rr.com.  try it again and let me know if you have a problem.  did you have fun with the guy you met out friday?  I would like to visit austin sometime.  Hopefully soon!  Thanks for the offer.  I will be in touch soon - and you are welcome to stay with me anytime!  take care,  Kim 
 Hey Lyndon,  It was nice to hear from you.  We are in dired need of the upcoming vacation!  Things here have been changing by the day.  To make a long story short, my country is at war and going into a recession, the company that Kim 1, Stacy and I work for was purchased on Friday by another company after finding out that our Chief Financial Officer was involved on some questionable activities - (to the tune of about $3.5 billion) practically taking our company down single handedly, loosing about 90% of the value of our stock,  therefore, we are broke, AND my boyfriend and I broke up.    Things just aren't right.  But hopefully, things will start to get better.  I'm very glad I have a trip (that is paid for!) to look forward to!  How was your gay cruise?  I think I would have a hard time with that one myself!  I do hope all is well with you.  We will all be ready to play and relax in January!  Take care -  Kim 
 Gerald,  Thanks for looking at this for us.  When do you think you will have a chance to review it?  I talked to the customer today - they are looking at doing some 2002 and 2003 transactions.  Also, do we need to have credit re-review?  Let me know what you need from me (us) and if I can help in any way.  Thanks,  Kim 
 MJ,  How are you doing?  Things here are definitely roller coaster status but stablizing a bit!  How was your wine tour?  I thought about you guys.  It looked like so much fun!  Elliot is thinking about having people come to Stinson Dec. 15 and 16 and I was thinking about coming a day early or leaving a day later (or maybe both!)  I am thinking that you might be out of town around there but If you are around, I would like to get together with you if it all works out.  Let me know what you think!!  And I hope all is going well for you!  Kim 
 El, I am in for sure.  Just gotta look into possibly using miles.  I think Suz might be in as well.  What about Rosie?  Let me now the details! Thanks for the invite -  K. 
 I certainly understand your concerns and believe that they should be voiced.  I will also babysit the situation and try to make sure she abides by the rules! 
 Gerald & Stacy,  I didn't which of you would have the most time to deal with this, but, I am responding to an RFP for provide gas to several Frito Lay plants in California for the term Dec, 2001 through October, 2003.  It will be a full-requirments transaction whereby we manage the imbalance and transportation.  Based on the request, they would like to execute a GISB with special provisions that I have attached.  I have also included a confirmation form they would like to use to confirm the transaction for each of their facilities.  ALL REQUESTED MODIFICATIONS TO THIS CONTRACT FORM MUST BE SUBMITTED WITH THE RFP RESPONSE which will be emailed to them by noon central time on Thursday, Nov. 15.  Sorry for the rush, I just received the RFP yesterday and didn't realize this was a stipulation until just now.  No modifications indicates that the proposed language is acceptable.  I am also attaching the RFP itself.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  this will be a pretty standard full-requirements offer.  Please let me know if you have any questions or what I can do to help.  Thanks,  Kim 
 el, I think you sent this to the wrong place.  just talked to suzanne and she is in - as long as we can get there cheap.  As for Sunday, when do you think people will leave.  Being 2 hours later here in houston, we might have to leave pretty early.  what are your thoughts?  Kim 
 We can come in on Thursday evening (so we can spend friday in the wine country) and leave sunday afternoon at 3:20 for 20000 miles!  So we are definitely in!  What do you think? 
 Mike,  Here is that presentation I mentioned.  Enjoy!  Kim    Interesting slide presentation on the state of powerplants, siting and natural gas in CA  Sue Mara Enron Corp. Tel: (415) 782-7802 Fax:(415) 782-7854 
  Finally, I think this one is for you!  Have a good day!  Kim 
  Quite commendable, I have to say. 
 Amy,  Can you add bbuxa@igservice.com <mailto:bbuxa@igservice.com> to our daily pricing email?  Thanks,  Kim 
 john,  I think my parents are coming to houston and I think EJ might be around on thanksgiving day so you are more than welcome to come to houston and hang with us.  we will be having turkey!  Let me know what you think.  Kim 
 Sarabeth,  Could you change the person that you send the Citizens Insurance Invoice to to the following:  Laynie East @ EB2363B  her phone number is 713-853-3131 and she will be paying the invoice.  If you have any questions, please call me at x30685.  Thanks,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination 
  another for you -  Kim 
  another -  Kim 
 mara,  could you put these volumes into a spread sheet and come up with a daily average?  Remember these are in therms so you need to take off one digit.  Let me know if you have any questions.  We need to get this done so that we can get a price to Portland my this afternoon.  thanks,  Kim 
 Thanks!  kim 
 Dear Mr. Lopez,  Attached is Enron North America's response to your RFP request for Natural Gas Supply to Frito-Lay's plants located in California.  I have also attached your completed bid form and our comments to your Attachment 3 to the GISB contract.  It is my hope that we are able to be the successful supplier to these plants.  Please feel free to call me at any time to discuss our proposal as well as to answer any questions that you might have.  Sincerely,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination ENA 
 Jay,  Attached is the GTC that El Paso Electric took to the top for approval.  As discussed yesterday, we would prefer to put a Master in place instead of just GTC.  Can we send them a master with the EXACT language?  Please let me know ASAP.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Mara,  Could you break the attached volumes down to MMbtu/day for each facility as well as total per day?  thanks,  Kim 
 I threw most of mine away - now I will munch on chocolate all afternoon.  At least it tastes better! 
 I think I might show up - was going to work out here but it will be less crowded there.  See you there 
 Thanks for the funny!  We had a rough couple of days and I am tired of being the daily headline but I am told that I am safe - at least from loosing my job.   Although most of us have been told that we are safe - for now - everyone seems kind of down.   I'll be glad when things are back to "normal", whatever that is.  Talk to you soon -  Kim 
  Rob,  I have passed your resume on to Barry and to Frank Vickers, who is Barry's equivalent for the East and Central desks.  I hope you hear from one of them - Frank is an awesome guy and I would work for him anywhere! I will keep you posted as I hear of other opportunies you might be interested in.  I will do whatever I can to take care of Robbie Mac!  Kim 
 kward kim.ward@enron.com 
 Brent,  Attached is my response to your RFP request.  Please let me know if you have any questions -  Thanks, Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination 
 She was planning to go to Dallas Friday anyway.  I will talk to her on Monday and see what the plan is.  k. 
 I have responded to PurEnergy to supply gas to two of their power plants located in southern california.  We are going to propose a gas daily option with a demand charge.  The contact for credit is Ms. Suzette Brower @ 315-448-2266 and her email is sbrower@purenergyllc.com.  Let me know if you have any questions.  thanks  Kim  ps  how were the texas martinis?? 
 kward	frady18cat 
 Phillips? 
 I will check on this - also, keep me posted on Conexant and let me know how you want to set it up.  We are busy getting moved onto the new floor.  Kim 
 also, who use to do the smurfit invoice and who is their boss - do you know? 
 Wow - I think the world is coming to an end.  All these huge changes.  Not = much going on over here - doing busines as usual - don't htink I will see a= change for a few months, if at all.  Maybe just some new faces - I think t= hat there will be some hostility and not really looking forward to that par= t.  Moved onto the new trading floor this morning - chaos!  But very nice. = Unfortuneately, you know who is on my floor - bummer!  Anyway, as for Suza= nne - she was with EES on a product development project.  She worked with C= orporate development on the Dynegy transaction and has been asked to stay o= n with Corp Dev to sell more asset through march or april.  At least this w= ay, she knows she is employed until then.  She wasn't so sure about the EES= gig and I think she is right.  My parents were going to come here for Than= ksgiving but my mother has this "feeling" that they shouldn't make the trip= - so they aren't coming.  Don't know for sure what I will do but I refuse = to sit at home entertaining myself for 4 days - I am sick of hanging out wi= th myself!!!  You are probobly going somewhere warmer and perhaps tropical?= I hope you have a great thanksgiving!  Lets get a beer after - its the ho= liday season and time for (good) cheer!  Kim 
 are you talking about JS?  thought she was going to kentucky?  I was going with my friend Elizabeth but she is probobly going to have to work on Friday.  So I may just ride back with her.  Trying to figure it  all out. 
 As I am not involved in the daily operations behind this deal, I will need your input in order to respond to this request.  As I have indicated, the frequency of cuts has caused tremedous concern and Citizens is considering walking away from this deal.  They need assurance that this gas is going to flow in order to continue.  Do we need to have a meeting?  And when can I expect a response from the desk?  Thanks,  Kim 
 Let's meet today at 3:00 in conference room 6106 to discuss the griffth deal and our reply to citizens.  If you are unable to make it, please let me know.  Thanks,  Kim 
  $3.18 plus origination 
 Jim,  Just wondering if you had that list of counselors or if you were interested in setting something up.  Kim 
 Jim,  Attached is Enron's response to your Request for Natural Gas Supply Proposals.    If you have any questions or comments, please contact me at 713-853-0685.  Thank you for your consideration.  Sincerely,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination 
 Sean,  I will have a written response to you by tomarrow - the desk is "assuring me" that they have made some changes and we should expect better performance.  Let me know what else you need and I will get this response to you tomarrow.  Thanks,  Kim 
 ok - I am here 
 I'm off my call 
 Terri,  What's going on and how was your weekend?  We are still working on the TN/FLA party - Suzanne is worried about enough places for people to sit - but I say she shouldn't worry - just have a lot of beer!  Are you going to see PH over the holiday?  Don't know for sure what I am doing yet - thinking about going to Dallas - gotta work out the logistics though.  Let's get together for a beer soon -  Kim 
 Suz,  I say lets do it! and so does Terri.  I will make Rotel dip and other stuff too.  I think it will be fun - and maybe we can carry the party to the hood after!  Keep me posted on how your day is going.  I kind of hope you get to go today to see your fam.  K. 
 Kam,  Thanks so much for your help!  Kim 
 when can we meet today to discuss our written response to Citizens? 
 FYI, We are addressing this today.  Grigsby knows they are pissed and he knows that I am pissed.  If they expect me to continue to sell products involving service from their desk, and they get paid for that service, they are going to have to do a better job.  Citizens isn't the only one that I feel has service issues from the desk. 
 Dan,  Just wanted to follow up with you to see how things ended up with your RFP.  I would really like to be the natural gas supplier to your plants in California.  Please call me at your earliest convenience - 713-853-0685.  Thanks,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination 
 Brent,  Attached is the confirmation for serving Smurfit's plants in southern California for December 1, 2001 through March 31, 2002.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination 
 Did either one of you guys work on the APEA (American Public Energy Agency) gas prepay deal?  I think it was done in 1999 and Laird Dyer worked on it.  We are changing one of the counterparties and delivery points so we are going to need to amend some of the documents.  I know you two are going to fight over this so as soon as the dust settles, let me know who wins!  Thanks,  Kim  Call me if you have questions or don't know what deal I am talking about.  I have copies of some of the documents so they may be helpful. 
 if you are on continental, are you flying into IAH?  Maybe that is what I should do and we could take one cab.  what do you think? 
  in the case that you want to call him!  Kim 
 absolutely nothing.  Just working on whatever I can.  very slow.  what about you?  what are you doing thanksgiving? 
 Palo Alto for December.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 please remove me from your distribution list 
 please remove me from your distribution list 
 Stacy,  The customer has requested that we send them 2 executable, signed copies of this contract.  Could you have 2 executable copies of this contract prepared and sent down to me for signature?  I will have them sent to the customer.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Chris, I have arranged for Janie and Patti to be available for a conference call at 11:30 CDT, 9:30 PDT.  I will get Patti and Janie on the phone and then call you.  Let me know if you have a conflict.  Thanks,  Kim 
 of course, I'm just tagging with you guys.  Did you ever go to Christopher's?  I might go pick up some wine - any requests or recommendations?  And where do you want to leave from? 
 Sean,  Attached is our response to your request for a description of the steps Enron is taking to improve flows to the Griffith power plant.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Gerald,  Have we sent or received these executed contracts?  kim 
 Can we overnight them?  and are you sending them to Art? 
 I think it was the version Dan used to prepare the confirmation.  Do you need it? 
 Terri,  We are definitely watching the ballgame at suzanne's on saturday.  I am getting an email list together so if you have some people you want to add, just let me know.  How was Tennessee and your Thanksgiving?  Mine was just so, so.  Worrying about work and my friends (and self) getting laid off.  I do hope all is well with you - call me sometime this week -  Kim 
 Jim,  I made an appointment with Olivia for next Tuesday, if you can ge the authorization set up for me.  thanks,  Kim 
 Please remove my email address from your distribution list.  I am unable to access your website - it is blocked by my company 
 please remove my email address from your distribution list. 
  Shannon,  Would you let me know of any future cuts as soon as they occur so that I can let Sean know what is going on?  thanks,  Kim 
 what's happening?  I am bored. 
 give me a couple of minutes 
 you have to sign in.  you are logged out.  John John says hi. 
 Mine says you are not logged on.  Send me a message.  Your boyfriend Dave Fuller says hi now. 
 yes 
 yes - he said you can.  What's going on tonight. 
 Frank,  I just spoke to Jan Kennedy and they are going out for an RFP for their gas supply once our contract with them runs out.  She "recommended" that I tak e a look at your response to the last RFP because it was so good - far surpassing any of the other responses!!  If you still have a copy or a file of that response, would you mind if I took a look at it?  thanks,  Kim 
 Mark,  Attached is a term sheet detailing our proposal.  I have also attached a sample contract which will have credit terms attached once we are able to obtain proper credit information.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination 713-853-0685 
 waiting for Janey to get back from downstairs 
 Hey,  What's been going on?  Hopefully something besides work!  Finally getting moved in - well - almost.  Still have the junk room!  Went to mexico for a few days and it rained the entire time, which wasn't much fun.  Hoefully my next trip will be better!   anyway, it looks like I will be in Phoenix June 28 - 29.  If you are around, I would love to get together!  Hope all is well -  K. 
 Go anywhere fun?  Please make me jealous!  Things are good - Vanny came back Saturday and started her new gig today.  So, I think a celebration is in order sometime this week.  K. 
 what about those sixers? 
 Jeff,  Attached is the latest Palo Alto document with their red lined comments.  I haven't had a chance to look at them yet but will right now.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Stacy,  I just talked to Palo alto.  They would like to schedule a conference call for tomarrow, noon our time.  I told them it would be up to you.  Please let me know if this gives you enough time.  Thanks,  Kim Ward x30685 
 Jan,  Attached is a graph describing a structure that you guys might also be interested in.  It is a floor and an indexed ceiling around an at the money call.  Give me a call if you are interested and I can go over it with you.  thanks,  Kim 
  Do you have Mike martinelli's phone number? 
 Charlie,  Can we reprice Mesa based on price movements today.  Also, can we price it with a floor of $2.75?  Thanks,  Kim 
 Scott,  Attached is our physical firm Master Purchase/Sale Agreement for Natural Gas Transactions.  Give me a call if you have any questions.  Once we get this in place, we will be able to enter into any gas transactions and we won't have to worry about contracts.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Of course you can use me as a ref.  And good luck.  I think Barry and I are coming to AZ the 28 - 29.  I know we will be coming to your office so hopefully I will get to see you.  Be sure to bring pictures of Abri! 
 I got your message and your email - sorry about the phones.  I will just blame it on the flood!!  Looking forward to Wednesday morning.  Thanks,  Kim 
  let me know status 
  Debra,  I am discussing potential short term transactions with a consultant for California Department of Water Resources.  They have requested a sample GISB document that would govern transactions for a term of one month to 12 months max.  Can you send me a sample GISB that we would use?  Let me know.  Thanks,  Kim Ward x30685 
 Larry,  The Permian TW point is not marked due to it's illiquidity.  The el paso permian is used for future price indications for that point.  Let me know if you need anything else!  Thanks,  Kim 
 Larry,  The Permian TW point is not marked due to it's illiquidity.  The el paso permian is used for future price indications for that point.  Let me know if you need anything else!  Thanks,  Kim 
  gerald,  I am leaving for the airport at 2:30 and will be looking at this on the plane.  When you have a chanc to look at it, you can give me a call on my cell phone 713-412-4571.  I would really like your input.  thanks,  Kim 
 Hi guys,  Attached is the swap picture we discussed.  I am working on some call prices as well and will send them asap.  Prices fell significantly today - probobly $.20 going one year out at the PG&E City gate.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 I have a customer that would like to be set up on Enron Online.  He is a wimby and under our contract with him, he will back to back each trade with public Service Company of colorado.  In other words, he doesn't have his own credit.  Could you set him up, at least with a temporary password?  His info is as follows:  Sandia Resources Jerry Padilla jerrypadilla@msn.com 303-332-9725  Let me know if you have any questions.  And please let me know when you send him a password.  Thanks,  Kim Ward Portland 
