now.  Talk to you soon, Kim. 
 All,  Joe is able to meet with us at 10:00 Thursday, December 13 in EB1336 to discuss the OBA language as it relates to our ability to enforce dollar value, cash out and other provisions in the OBA with other intra and interstate pipelines.  Please plan to attend.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jean,  Let's book lunch on the 10th.  Let's talk early that morning to confirm time and flavor of food.  I'm looking forward to it!  Thanks, Kim. 
 Danny,  Per your request, if Red Rock was delayed, it would have a $1.1MM impact for June and a $1.6MM impact for July.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I'm taking vacation on Friday, December 14.   Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Lorraine,  Here are the sales that TK did this week.  Thanks for coordinating the bullets!  Kim. 
 Audrey,  Lorraine will be coordinating bullets for me tomorrow.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Rene',  I think a cocktail dress would be wonderful.  I plan to wear something fairly festive myself!  I look forward to seeing you on Sunday!  Kim. 
 Thanks for the reminder.  I'm looking for the list now, I'll bring it over.   K. 
 Paul,  I need your accomplishments ASAP this morning.  Kim. 
  FYI, Kim. 
 TK,  When we get together on Wed for our staff meeting, would you please speak to this to our group.  Please let us know if we need to change our behavior on anything.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Mark,=20  Let's discuss this. =20  Kim. 
 Mark McConnell's Accomplishments. 
 Michelle Lokay's Accomplishments. 
 Lorraine Lindberg's Accomplishments. 
 TK Lohman's Accomplishments. 
 Kim Watson's Accomplishments. 
 FYI.  Kim. 
 Pilar,  Thank you so much for the wonderful card!  Thanks for thinking of me.  Kim. 
 I will be there!  Sasha,  I did not see TK Lohman or Tracey Geaconne on the distribution list.  Would you please make sure they get an invite.  Also, would you copy Steve Harris on this invitation even though I know he will be out of town on this date.  Thanks for your help.  Kim. 
 Paul and Mark,  Please contact Eastern New Mexico (Mark), Enervest (Mark), Citizens (Mark) and Southern Utes (Paul) to make sure they are aware that they are responsible for making the payments on these contracts since ENA has defaulted.  Also, Paul, please confirm again that ENA is not nominating on their own contracts that make up $129,481 of the delinquent payments.  Please keep Steve and I informed of the status.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I'll be there! 
 Kirk,  Thanks for the note.  Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to you and your family as well.  I look forward to catching up with you in 2002!  Kim. 
 Paula,  Thanks for your note.  I'll give you guys a call around 6:00.  I only need the critical one or two loads and actually, we only need the washing machine since our dryer still works.  Thanks for the kind offer of Chinese, but we've got several gifts to wrap for the office tomorrow so we'd better stay focused.  We truly appreciate your kindness!  Thanks, Kim. 
 Craig,  I'm sorry, I didn't redline this...Please take a look, call me so we can discuss then we can send it back to Tony P. for another review.  Many thanks, Kim.  PS.  We don't want to tender this until they send in a request.  I'm working on that now. 
 Hi Sylvia!  Please use this email as approval for Mark McConnell to have access to the Envision system.  Hope all is well with you.  Have a Happy Holiday!  Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Mary D. is looking to send in the I to I filing for the Cal 02 deal this afternoon.  They've got a lot of people out next week and want to file it today.  Let me know if you have concerns. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Audrey, would you please book me a conference room for Wednesday, Aug. 1 from 2:00 to 3:30 for about 4 people.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  Please note that the in-service for Red Rock Sta. 1 and 2 are expected June 1.  Sta. 3 is expected June 15.  This is very good news for us.  Kim. 
 FYI. Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 I wasn't sure you responded to this yet, but we are in Hong Kong the weekend of Feb. 15.  Let's not forget to talk to Valentina (sp?) tonight at JFF.  ILY, K. 
 Bill,  I've made a couple of changes related to ENA having two contracts that we want to market via this method.  Please check my comments and look to see if any of the other language needs to be changed for the additional agreement.  The letter looks great to me.  Thanks for all of your help on this.  Once we hear back from you, we will tender to ENA for their execution so we can proceed forward in selling this capacity.  Thanks, Kim. 
 We are drafting a letter to Sid Rich for their non-payment of $1.6 MM Nov. invoice.  You will find the letter in your email.  TK has water-dropped Sid Rich that a letter is coming this afternoon.  Kim. 
 Jodi,  Here is the electronic OBA agreement.  Happy New Year.  Kim. 
 I would like us all to attend this meeting.  Please let me know if you have a conflict.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Paul,  This make sense to me, but please make sure you are OK with the final position now reflected in the Caminus system.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hey guys (or actually for our current group, girls),  Let's plan on getting together on Wednesday, Aug. 1 from 2:00 to 3:30 in EB4180.  The following is a list of things that we need to discuss and they are in no particular order of priority.  To the extent that each of you could volunteer to come with some or all of the information on the following items, it will expedite our discussion (just let me know that you would like to begin pulling this information) :  Price Spreads for ROFR contracts to articulate our resubscription strategy. Imbalances on OBA's Analysis of I to I spreads.  -  Review past fixed rate transport deals and compare to the historical spreads.  Would we have made more money?  Is it reasonable to carve out a percentage of our capacity portfolio and always sell on an I to I rate? Update Map - coordinate with Darrell, Facility Planning and NNG. West Texas Leg - discussion on our preparation for the Facility Planning/Marketing Strategy Meeting. Arizona Strategy - including Sun Devil. Pooling. Analysis of our business sold and utilized.  FT, Alt. Points, IT and contracts sold for specifically for flexible delivery points. (On this item, we can discuss the type of analysis we would like to look at in our staff meeting prior to pulling any information) Weekend on call schedule - update Phones Update - replacement for Jeff's position. Frequency of our staff meeting. Industry Conferences Vacation Schedules   Also, please let me know of additional items that you would like to have discussed in our staff meeting.  I would be happy to include them.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Dan,  Thank you for the great card.  I hope all is well with you.  What are you doing now?  Are you still commuting to California?  Are you working for someone in Houston?  ENE is up today to $0.63.  Gosh, it still feels like we've got the decimal point in the wrong place with our stock.  Just heartbreaking.  Oh well, I'm glad 2002 is here.  This will be a better year for all!  Keep in touch!  Happy New Year to you and your family!  Kim. 
 J,  I don't have a problem committing to Italy and purchasing airfare when it makes $ sense with the thought that we can always cancell just like we did in Sept.  I don't worry too much about having to cancell, but I think a lot will shake out over the next 6-8 weeks here at 1400 Smith.  I'll keep working Dot to see if she and Tom are willing to commit to a spring vs. fall timeframe.  I suspect Janell and Dennis will be no go for anytime in 02.  If Dot and Tom are game then we can talk with D & T and P & J about meeting Jane and Barry to make our party and even 8.  If Dot and Tom are not available to go, I'm more comfortable just making the traveling party a foursome.  Have a great day!  ILY, K. 
 Jim,  We would like to call you at 1:30 today to discuss the Sid Rich payment for Nov. business.  Are you available?  We'll call you.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Come on down to 13.  We'll be in 1336. 
 Mark,  Will Maria or Dorothy be able to attend and provide their historical knowledge?  I've got it booked on my calendar.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lorraine,  Can you bring Martha's laptop back to the office?  I had originally told her we only needed it while you were out with your sinus surgery.  I'd like to go ahead and return it to her.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Please plan to attend a meeting on Monday, January, 7 from 3:30pm to 4:00pm in EB49C1 to discuss the Trans Pecos Project.  Thanks, Kim. 
 No, I was not aware of this.  Thanks for taking the lead on this, please le= t me know if you need my assistance. =20  Thanks, Kim. 
 Yes, the 1:30 is the prep meeting to the 3:30 Stan meeting.  Danny wants us to look at project financing vs. MLP.  If you get a chance, call me Monday when you get back in the office and we can discuss a little further.  Happy New Year.  Kim. 
 Glen,  Are you familiar with this organization?  Do we normally participate?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Sasha,  Great, sorry, I didn't see the scroll bar.  Thanks!  If you would just coordinate an assortment of pizza's, that would be great.  I believe Morgan may have a couple of people in his group who are vegetarians, so we should keep this in mind when making some of the selections.  I would order plenty for our hearty crowd, someone could always take the leftovers home and eat it for breakfast the next morning!  Also, will the Mad Potter provide the wine, beer and soft drinks?  Is there anything else that you can think of?  Thanks, Kim. 
 TK, FYI, let me know if you think otherwise.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I will check.  We are in 49C1 which is a very large conference room and I'm thinking the phone is off to the side by some side chairs and may not have a long enough cord to stretch to the table.  I will inspect and keep you posted.  Thanks, Kim . 
 Audrey will be in for only a bit this morning.  Please send me bullets by 10:00am.  Thanks, Kim. 
 No problem!  Have a great day!  Kim.  :>) 
 Audrey,  here they are.  Thanks, Kim. 
 The MLP discussions have been on using Northern Border.  Regarding KMI, Mark and I met with them before Xmas to see where they were on the rate.  They have not presented anything to their management team for approval beyond our original proposal.  I believe that Stan is looking for the status of the game plan.  We are looking to lay out the game plan on how we would finance the project(if we project finance I think Stan and Danny are looking at securing enough money at the same time to do the Sun Devil, Trans Pecos and PG&E 20 mile line all together), define what the project return requirement is, determine the comfort factor of the project costs, staying in concert with KMI and making the final proposal to Pemex.  I will make myself available at your convenience on Monday morning to discuss.  Have a great weekend.  Kim. 
 Please read.  Can we schedule a conference call time with Gaylen on Monday?  Kim. 
 I need help on "WUFBR, SMATB"  -------Forget bring refreshments?....Sunday morning?......  K. 
 Happy New Year, Gaylen!  Would you be available on Monday at 11:00am (CST) to discuss?  I am routing the OBA to the key departments for comments.  I should have the language for the IT agreement finalized late today or Monday morning.  I hope to send it to you and we can discuss in our phone call.  Let me know if this works for you.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Sasha,  I forgot one thing.  Let Morgan and I know if you get any declines for our session.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Julie,  We need an earlier time on Monday to have the prep meeting for Trans Pecos (it is currently scheduled for 1:30).  Can you tell me what Danny's calendar looks like?  Our meeting with Stan is at 3:30.  Thanks, Kim. 
 We have a floor meeting with Stan on Monday at 1:30 to discuss the Dynegy deal.  See announcement below.  Kim. 
 Gaylen,  Ron will be with me, so we will have to go to a conference room as well.  I'll let you know our phone number Monday morning.  Thanks and have a great weekend!  Kim. 
 Kevin,  Due to Stan's floor meeting at 1:30, are you available at 11:00 to prep for the 3:30 Trans Pecos meeting?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  Are you familiar with this?  Kim. 
 Cindy,  I believe that James Centilli will also be attending this meeting.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Let's meeting in EB1336.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Due to the 1:30 floor meeting with Stan, our prep meeting for the Trans Pecos project is changed to today, Monday, January 7 at 11:00am in EB1336.  Thanks, Kim. 
 When do we break bread with Art and Donna? 
 I've not seen this, but I would like a copy of the article when you locate it.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Bill,  To get hard to find tickets, go to the Plaza Hotel (borders Central Park near FAO Schwartz) entering through the front door, proceed ahead around the big lobby/tea area around to the right and find a woman in a closet sized booth (literally a closet).  Cast members turn tickets over to her to sell that they are given for their shows.  She is completely independent from the hotel and I'm sure she pays huge rent for the tiny space that she has.  They are always wonderful seats to and usually run around $100+ for each ticket.  It is always a worth-it splurge if it is for a play you want to see.  I used to have her card, but it is long gone by now.  You might be able to call the Plaza and inquire as to her name and number and call ahead.  Otherwise, just stop in as soon as you get in town.  Rent is OK, but if this is your first and maybe only trip to NYC for a while, I would certainly recommend seeing other plays first .  I agree with John, your best hotel bet is the Marriott Marquis, which is very nice for a Marriott and the location is the best.  Don't forget to eat lox and a bagel for breakfast!  Keep us posted.  Kim. 
 Good Morning Kirk,  I hope you had a nice weekend.  I have been working on the Interconnect Agreement for the Big Sandy Project and I would like to schedule some time for a telephone conference with you as I have a few "blanks" in the Interconnect Agreement that I would like to discuss with you so that our draft is as complete as it can be.  Would you have some time on Tuesday AM or Wednesday AM?  I would also be available on Thursday 2:00-3:00pm.  I'm thinking we need about a half an hour.  Also, I can update you on the remaining capacity on our Red  Rock Expansion which could be used to serve the plant.  Thanks, Kim. 713-853-3098. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Steve,  This just came in from Gary Sova.  FYI, Kim. 
 To All,  Please send me bullets by lunchtime on Thursday so I can give them to Steve by the afternoon.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I need to take our cat to the vet tomorrow morning (Tuesday), so I may be a little late---approximately 8:30am.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jodi,  Here is the language for the IT agreement.  We will need for you to send in a formal request form for IT service so that we tender this officially.  We can chat about this in the morning.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  Here is the final spreadsheet that does tie back to the right dollar amount of $757,885.  Please let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Paul,  Thanks for the update.  Even though last week there were no translated financial statements for MGI, I'm glad that they have them now and will be sending them to you.  Jorge and I are scheduled to talk tomorrow morning to discuss the rate.  I will keep you posted.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jo,   Here it is.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Ron,  John would like to know what our HP is at these units and what type of units are they?  What is the age of the equipment?  Is this something we would be willing to share?  I told him that our run time on these units was less than 1,000 hours.  If we are OK sharing this info, would you either call him or email this to him.  If we don't want to share, just let me know and I would be happy to call him and let him know.  Thanks, Kim.  John Davis' phone number is 281-610-1333, his email is john.davis5@worldnet.att.net 
 This looks good to me.  Question:  Is there a tax/CIAC issue with Citizens reimbursing us for this change?  Will there be an addition to our property accounting records to reflect  a change to a pressure control system?  Because it's only $5,000, there may not be an issue, but I just wanted to check.  Kim. 
 Steve,  FYI, the Risk Management and Reporting was allocated to TW for all 12 months of 2001.  However, since I came back to TW in May, Lee Ferrell left Enron in June and Sean and Richard moved to Jo's RC in November, the 15% number dwindled during the latter part of the year.  Martha and Bobby were the only ones in this RC that were part of this allocation all 12 months.  Thanks, Kim. 
 TK can sell Feb-Dec to Sid Rich for $2.27.  Or  sell remaining Jan, Feb and March for $2.01.  We can sell 10,000 for Feb/March.  We can look at only selling 5,000 for rest of year, leaving 5,000 to catch upside(or downside).  We need to at least sell Feb/March before 1:00pm AGA report today.  Are you OK with this? 
 John,  Congratulations on your new responsibilities!   Please let us know if there is anything we can do for you.  Good Luck!  Kim. 
 Steve,  James re-ran Trans Pecos with the following:  Term:  20 years Rate:  $0.261 Volume:  240,000 MMBtu/d Cost:  $130.274MM (Without cost of NNG I/C and over-run up to $143.9MM) then ROE: 12.38%  If Cost is capped at $130.274 (no over-run), then ROE is 15.25%  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   Term:  15 Years Rate:  $0.261 Volume:  240,000 MMBtu/d Cost:  $130.27 (Without cost of NNG I/C and over-run up to $143.9MM) then ROE:  10.82%  If Cost is capped at $130.274 (no over-run), then ROE is 13.8%  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Let's discuss tomorrow morning.    Kim. 
 Steve,  Yes, we are already putting a list together and inviting customers.  We are primarily concentrating on the Houston and Dallas customers.  We'll get the RSVP list together in the next day or two.  Let us know if you have an invite, we do not have all the tickets spoken for at this time.  Michelle has organized dinner for us at Farrago (corner of West Gray and Brazos) after the show.  They are setting up a large table in the back of the restaurant for us.  Kim. 
 Rod,  Thanks for your comments.  They will be incorporated into the next draft that I route.  I expect to hear from Jorge tomorrow regarding their thoughts on the proposed rate.  I'll keep you posted.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI,   Kevin Hyatt left me a voicemail last night when he found out about t= his open season for a new storage facility.  Let's discuss after everyone h= as a chance to review.=20  Thanks, Kim. 
 Yes, we did see this, thank you.  TW plans to be at the informational meeting in Houston next week.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Looks fine.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Julie,  These look fabulous!  Thanks, I'll let you know when I cook them!  Kim  :>) 
 Bullets, please! 
 This is so true!  Thanks, Kim.  :>) 
 Audrey,  I am waiting on Mark, Michelle and TK.  They are working on them.  I'll have them to you ASAP.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey, here they are.  Thanks, Kim. 
 No problem.  Thanks, K. 
  All,  We are still working on all the details of the proposed interconnect with Questar Southern Trails in the Blanco Hub and will send you a copy soon for your review.  Since the interconnect is fully reimbursable, Questar is proposing to pay us according to the attached payment schedule vs. paying all of it up front.  Please take a look at this attached schedule and provide me you comments.  If we allow them to pay "along the way" I am interested in making sure it at least matches the timing of our cash outlay of building the interconnect.  The total estimate of $702,000 includes the tax gross up, which may or may not be applicable, so each of these amount may be reduced by the tax amount.   Does anyone have any concerns with the timing of the payment schedule?  Thanks, Kim. X33098 
 We will meet after the morning meeting tomorrow to discuss these imbalances with Market Services.  If you are available, please plan to attend.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Tracey,  I received a phone call yesterday from  Mika Aswell (spelling?) from Lea County, NM.  Her county office has received a check from Transwestern and she does not know how to apply it.  Here is what we know:  Amount:	$7.36 Check Date:  	December 17, 2001 Invoice Date:	1-1-2001	#676-3004-0 Voucher:	0100001479 Purchase Order:	A60KD13882  Mika's phone number is (505)396-8534.  Can you please track this down and tell me or Mika how to apply this money.  Many thanks, Kim X33098 
 I believe it will be Questar Southern Trails.  I'll confirm this for you.  Kim. 
 Thanks Morris!  Will you guys be able to call Mika Aswell and let her know your results?  Thanks, have a great weekend.  Kim. 
 Hi Sherri,  Well, your ears must have been burning.  I have been thinking about you this week.  Gee, a lot has happened since we last spoke.  I'm still here.  We are very busy on Transwestern.  I would love to catch up with you, are you available by phone sometime next week?  My calendar looks pretty open next Tues, Wed or Fri.  I look forward to visiting with you soon.  Kim  P.S.  Martha is still here, also.  She is with the Northern Natural side, I'm with Transwestern. 
 Thank you, Amy for checking this out for us.  Have a great weekend.  Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Steve,  Early this week I asked Jo for a rate and the size of volume (looking for the max volume)  we could have for transportation on NNG from WT to PH(NNG/TW Gray).  I've got a couple of follow-up calls into her, but she has not gotten back to me yet.  I hope to have a response from her before we meet with Mike Stage on Tuesday.  I'll keep you posted.  Kim. 
 Looks like their new name?  ......Global.....Transportation.....BBBBB??? bucket, bag, banner? 
 Let's meet after the staff meeting today to discuss carving out existing capacity for June 1 as well as what, if anything, we say to the shippers for now.  Lorraine, would you please bring the volume needed for Red Rock contracts for June and July.  If we carve out existing capacity, we still may not have enough for al of them without prorating.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Several of us in our shop are going.  We are splitting up between Wed and Thursday.  Kevin is going on Thursday.  Kim. 
 Privileged and Confidential Spreadsheet Mavrix 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Thanks, Lynn.  Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Julie, I currently do not utilize LIM on my desktop, however; in light of the changes with NNG/Dynegy, I believe that someone in my shop should have access to LIM.  We had been currently utilizing Kay Treat and Sean Bolks for LIM information.  Should we coordinate with you?  Please advise.  Kim. 
 Hi JB,  I just wanted to follow up with you.  I have not seen the invoice for the work that you guys did on the new interconnect.  I'm concerned I may not be getting all my mail.  Have you sent it yet?  Just checking.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Julie,  Lorna, Kay and Sean, will not be available as a resource to me starting February 1 because of the Dynegy situation.  Will need our own access.  Please advise.  Thanks, Kim. 
 All,  FYI----Kim. 
 Audrey,  I have no off duty time to report for this period.  Thanks, Kim. 
 If TK has access, that is all we need.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jo, I wanted to follow up with you on the O&M charges and transportation capacity from Halley to Gray.  Do you have some telephone time available soon?  I'm available late today after 4:00 or tomorrow before 10:30 or from 1:30-3:00 or Wed anytime pm.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  I just wanted to let you know that I have been playing telephone tag with a couple of the Questar folks.  For the most part, they were out of the office several days during the last two weeks (of course I was out of pocket a couple days, too) .  I've left another message with Gary Schmitt, who apparently is out of town yesterday and today, but I did hear from Mary Kay Olson, who was also in our office when Gary came in several weeks ago.  Mary Kay is tracking down the status of the Western Leg information that Kevin requested.  I also let her know that we are interested in the Eastern Leg as well.  She will begin pulling that information together, too.  I expect to hear from her either later today or tomorrow with a status and timing of the data.  She will also connect up with Gary when she sees him.  I will keep you posted as I hear more information.  Also, Jodi Starley (who is also in the Questar Marketing department), is looking for me to begin the Interconnect Agreement for the San Juan Hub connect with Southern Trails .  Do you have a problem if I begin the paperwork, however, I have several other Interconnect Agreements that are higher priority at this time and it may take a while to get to this one?  I recognize that this is a delicate balance.  Thanks, Kim. 
 TK,  Will you handle this?  Thanks, KIm. 
 Jo, Let's talk on Wednesday at 3:00.  I can call you.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  I know that we are meeting with Mike Stage and group tomorrow at 3:00.  I've been trying to talk with Jo and will do so this Wednesday regarding transportation on the KB line to NNG/TW Gray.  Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Yes, 9:00am on Thursday will work fine.  Also, just FYI, Transwestern is off on a holiday, Monday, January, 21 for Martin Luther King day.  Talk to you Thursday,  Thanks, Kim.  :>) 
 Great job, TK!      :>)        Kim. 
 Gina,  I like it.  I think it is very nice.  I know that employees will be glad to see this finally announced.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Given that the first week of Dec was the bankruptcy filing, I don't show any lunches out during this week.  I don't believe it was me.  Can you tell by the price how many people may have been at lunch? 
 Jo,  FYI, Kim. 
 TK,  Do we have a plan to transfer all the PNR activity to the TW team for Feb 1?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey, I took 1/2 day vacation on Friday, July 20.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, We'll keep you posted as the responsibility for this changes.   Kim 
 FYI, Kim. 
 You are so fast!  Many thanks!  Kim   :>) 
 Please remember that we are meeting at 3:00 pm today in EB 1336 to talk about the weekend flows.  Also, at this time let's discuss more of the details of how we want to operate our own meeting starting next Tuesday.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  FYI, you are more than welcome to join us for this meeting or sit in our new 8:00am meetings starting Tuesday, Jan 22 in EB1336.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Bullets, please!!! 
 Here they are,  Thanks, Kim. 
 Good catch!  Thanks, Kim. :>) 
 Tiny,  I wanted you to know that I am putting a "check in the mail" to you (and made out to you) in the amount of $50 to be used toward the gift for Rich.  The money is from: TK Lohman - $20 Mark McConnell - $10 Kim Watson - $20  I apologize I didn't get it in the mail earlier this week, but everyday seemed to be a Monday for me this week.  If you have Rich's home address, I would love to send him a note.  Thanks for coordinating this!  Kim 
 Definitely not me.  I would have charged a lot more than this!  Ha!  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Audrey, this is good to book!  Thanks, Kim. 
 Bill,  This looks good.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Here are the weekend flow levels.  FYI, Kim. 
 Dennis, can we talk about this?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Dennis,  What are your thoughts on this request?  I'm not even sure that our map department exists because of December 3.  If we respond to her request, we may want someone at an officer level at the Navajo Nation to request this data and then send it directly to the officer.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Bruce and Dave,  For your review and input, here is the latest version of the LOI for Pemex.  Mark and I will come over this afternoon and spend just 15-20 minutes with you and walk you through some of our thoughts.  Thanks,  Kim and Mark 
 Steve,  Well, TK celebrated 20 years with Enron on January 11.  I did talk with Fran about the status of service awards, and of course, they were suspended in December.  Fran said that they are having discussions about what to do in the future.  It may be a while before this program gets reinstated (if at all).  Until it does, may we go ahead and plan a lunch or something nice for TK?  Kim 
 Kevin,  For Trans Pecos, we have a couple of slides with a fact sheet prepared that we used in the presentation with Stan a couple of weeks ago.  Would you like those or are you looking for a 2-3 page narrative?  I'd be happy to provide either.   What is the time frame - how quick?  Kim. 
 I will send the fact sheet now.  However, I am happy to create whatever you need to help get this money.  I'll send it under separate cover. 
 Kevin,  Per your request, here is some basic information on Trans Pecos.  Please let us know if you need additional information or prefer it in a different format.    Thanks, Kim. 
 Ranelle,  Does this mean that we are no longer limited on the volume that we previously were limited to on PNM?  I'm very glad that this passed.  Thank you for your help!  Kim. 
 Would you please send me your bullets by the end of today (before we leave for the Cirque show).  Thanks, Kim. 
 yes, K. 
 Any luck connecting up with the ENA folks on the capacity release for February?  Kim. 
 looks good. 
 Hi Bill,  Have you had a chance to review the OBA that Questar sent us?  If you have time later today, we could get together and discuss.  Thanks, Kim. 
 If you need assistance, please let me know.  I know Ruth, she actually worked in our group a couple of years ago.  Do you think we'll get an answer so we can sell before bid week ends for Feb business?  Kim. 
 Please plan to attend a TW analysis meeting tomorrow morning, Friday, January 25 from 9:00am to 11:00am in EB1336.  Richard and Sean will share the results from their detailed analysis of TW.  Thanks, Kim. 
 All,  Please review and call your customers if they have not paid their invoice.  Keep Market Services plugged into your conversations with the customer.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Bobby,  Thanks for your help on this.  Let's talk early next week to see where you are on this and whether or not you will have to implement the interim plan.  Thanks,  Kim. 
 I can come, but I will be about 15 minutes late due to our weekly Gas Control meeting at 3:00pm.  I'm happy to join up with you in progress.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Greg and Maria,  FYI.  Here is a report for the July Capacity Releases on TW.  PG&E, Sempra and Texaco all released on an Index to Index spread and are above max rate.  Elizabeth has the history of TW Capacity Releases if you think it might help in the preparation of our strategy for negotiated rates.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Here they are: 
 FYI, Kim. 
 1:00pm today is fine. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Darrell,  I like to see the weekend flows.  This is great.  Thanks.  Would you please add Michelle Lokay to this distribution list.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Julie,  I would like the tickets for Thursday, Feb. 28. for Clint Black and Lisa Hartman Black.  What's the difference between section 748a and section 458?  Many thanks!  Kim. 
 Bruce and Dave,  Here are some of our comments to amend the KMI/TW letter agreement for dates listed in the agreement.  Please review and lets discuss tomorrow morning.  We are putting together a timeline for all of the various things that need to happen which will help us both determine the new dates to put in the letter.  We'll send this to you as soon as we are finish.  Do you have any comments on the Pemex letter agreement?  Thanks,  Kim and Mark. 
 Mansoor, I can make either time work, my preference would probably be Wed 1:30-3:00 if given a choice.  Would you like for all of Marketing to be there or would you prefer to keep it small with just Michelle and me?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Yes, I can make myself availble for this meeting.  Can we discuss either later today or tomorrow for a  pre-meeting?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Well, I spoke too soon.  I just got word of another meeting that I need to attend Wed at 1:30.  My preference now is Tuesday from 9:00-10:30.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Ramona,  Gosh, something always seems to come up every year that we want to make a change to our existing systems.  Lindy will be back tomorrow and I will discuss this with her.  We are evaluating how we currently administer and market pools.  If we decide to make a change I suspect that it may require a system change, but it is too early to make a decision just yet. I also think that we should think about how to link EOL transactions through the entire contracting process.  I know that NNG is probably a little further on this than we are, but it is reasonable to think we should have this ready for us next year.  I will continue to ponder this and discuss this with Lindy upon her return tomorrow.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Mansoor,  I've got it booked.  Who else from our shop would you like to see attend also?  Kim. 
 does that mean just me? 
 Audrey,  Please send about 6 maps the contact below.  Thanks, Kim. 
 All,  Please take a look at the spreadsheet, call your customers regarding these outstanding amounts and keep Market Services in the loop of your conversations.  Please let me know of anything unusual.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hi Dot,  Well, we've been talking about Italy again.  We are looking at leaving late May, like Friday, May 24 (so we can scoop in Memorial Day) and returning to Houston on Sunday, June 9.  We are pricing fares now.  Continental has them posted on their website at $1,100-$1,200.  I will also check with Alliance Travel Agency (formerly Travel Agency in the Park) to see what they may be able to do for us.  Can you and Tom swing these dates?  Let me know.  Thanks, Kim. 
 How quickly? 
 Do you have your resume together?  Any leads? 
 Rudy,  I am so glad that you have landed!  Thank you so much for the phone mail message you left me.  I would love to schedule lunch with you in the next couple of weeks to see how you are doing.  We'll grab Martha, too.  Congratulations!!  Kim. 
 I work for Transwestern Pipeline at Enron and I would like to have an ID and password to use Clicktrip.  Please advise.  Thanks, Kim Watson 
 Jeff,  I am looking for the person who paid for my wine last Friday evening.  Lorraine says it was not her, so I'm suspecting that it was you.  Needless to say, I left without paying and what is worse, I didn't even think of it until I got home that night after dinner with John.  Where you the kind and unknowing one that floated my loan?  Also, I've been thinking about Paris and London.  Would a week night or weekend night be better for you/Lisa and John/I to get together for a brain, map and book transfer session.  If you have a date that works for you guys over the next few weeks, throw it out and we'll get something on the calendar.  Thanks, Kim.  P.S.  What is Lisa's email address?  I'd like to send her a note. 
 Michelle,  Was this the company you just took derivatives class from?  Thanks, Kim. 
 FyI, Kim. 
 Audrey,  Here is another request for maps, however, I am thinking that I sent this person to you yesterday.  If this is repeat request, please disregard.  If not, please handle.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Do you want to pre-meet?  Are we still scheduled to meet tomorrow at 1:30?  Location? 
 Jan, would you make 5 copies of the power point slide.  I'll print out the word documents.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  Jan and I will print out 5 copies of each of these.  FYI, for your files.  Kim. 
 Yes, this would be fine.  Please stop by and mark your day(s) on the calendar that is pinned up on my wall.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Julie, it looks like a slip of the finger on Roger Hayes vs. Robert Hayes.  FYI, K. :>) 
 I checked with our Travel Agency and they cannot secure cheaper tickets than what we are seeing on the internet.  It looks like $1,100 - $1,200 is about the price for the Houston to Rome roundtrip.  FYI, Kim. 
 James,  Would you please send Kevin Howard the email version of the economics for Trans Pecos and copy me.  Kevin is working with ArcLight as a potential equity investor for our portion of Trans Pecos.  Please let me know if you have additional questions.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I have no off duty time to report.  I've been here.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Kevin,  Donna and I are working on the floor plan.  We have you slotted to move with us (although we don't know exactly where yet), but we were not sure if we needed to make space for anyone else that works for you.  An assistant?  Davis Thames?  Please advise.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  Here is the pricing information on the DTN feed.  I recommend that we sign a 3 year agreement so the initial fee of $1,000 will be waived.  The minimum DTN fee is $500 monthly (for up to 25 users) plus $60 monthly for the 1st user and $12 monthly for users 2-25.  Do you want to see the real-time feeds?  It looks like the total monthly fee will be $620 for six users.  Please let me know if you have any concerns, otherwise, we will implement ASAP.  Also, there will be no additional cost to have this on the 13 floor and move it to our final destination (there used to be a large fee for moving locations).  Kim. 
 Thanks, we'll make room for the three of you.  We are looking at moving either to 39 or 44.  We have tentative floor plans for both.  When the floor decision has been made, we'll come to you for your consensus on the placement of your three slots.  We'll be back with you soon, I hope.  :>)  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, please see Elizabeth's note below for purposes of checking the invoices tomorrow.  Thanks, Kim. 
 TK, This looks good to me, but I defer to you for further comments.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Mark and Mark,  We approve the costs to get real-time DTN feeds.  We would like to sign up for a 3 year agreement so that the $1,000 fee is waived.  We will have seven primary users right now:  Harris, Steven Lohman, TK Lindberg, Lorraine Lokay, Michelle McConnell, Mark Y'barbo, Paul Watson, Kimberly  Thanks for all of your help on this.  Please let me know when real-time pricing can be installed.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hi Jeff,  John and I are also good to go for tonight.  We are open on flavors of food.  Some things that come to mind off the top of my head are:  Raven Grill, Goode Company (Mexican or BBQ).....I'm trying to think of some place that we could have drinks, beer or wine....we are completely open.  Any thoughts on some place close to your neighborhood?  John and I were planning on meeting at the house to join up.  I'll bring the maps/books etc.  Does 6:00pm sound OK?  Kim. 
 FYI , Kim. 
 OK.  BTW, when did you tell me your MGMA meeting was in Sept.  Is this when we will go to Utah?  What city will we fly in and out of?  Kim. 
 Bullets, please. 
 Vince,  I'm so glad that you can recommend him for our commercial job.  He has some skill sets that our department is shy on.  In fact, I am bringing him back for my boss, Steve Harris, to interview.  I too, think that he would be a good fit.  By the way, Krishna and Seksan have been very helpful in coordinating some technical analysis of California prices.  We appreciate the support and certainly enjoy working with your group.  Perhaps you, Krishna and I can book a lunch together in mid to late August and catch up on the business issues.  Thanks, Kim. 
 thanks for the heads up.  Please mention in Steve's staff meeting on Monday. 
 All of these sound great.  Why don't you pick one.  We like all of these places.  Kim. 
 Audrey,  Here they are.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Michelle,  Would you please write up a full description of what the scope of our plans are with PG&E.  This description will be useful to Kevin Howard as he proceeds to determine the best way to secure funds for this project.  Please send it to me and I will add the virtual capacity write up to it and forward on to Kevin.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Kevin,  We will write these up and send them to you ASAP.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Tiny,  Thank you so much for the reminder, sometimes I think my brain has slipped away.  Do you need all of the San Juan and West of Thoreau contracts?  If you know you have some of them, which ones do you have, I'll send you the rest.  My apologies,  Kim. 
 Bod,  Please add Jan Moore to your distribution list.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jan,  FYI, Kim. 
 Richard,  Please make sure that Paul see's the invoice.  After Paul approves it, I can sign it too.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Don't forget we have lunch scheduled tomorrow, Tuesday, February 5.  Let's meet downstairs at 11:30am.  Any preference on flavors of food?  Kim. 
 Hi Kirk,  I got your "out of the office" message the other day when I emailed you, so I knew you would be busy when you got back in the office.  My schedule is a little hectic tomorrow, my afternoon looks a little better than the morning.  Next week looks wide open.  Would you mind waiting until next week?  I just want to make sure we are not holding you up.  Let me know your preference.  By the way, how did your testimony go on Big Sandy?  Thanks, Kim. 
 opps, sorry.  I looked through the list too fast.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  FYI, I just talked with Jo and she will take a look at a 100,000 and 200,000 from Permian to TW/NNG Gray for a longer term.  She will need to look at how much capacity she will have to move to make room for us.  She (and probably Vernon) will get back to us.  I'll keep you posted on our conversations.  Kim. 
 James, thanks!  Kim. 
 Mansoor,  Here is a note from Gaylen at Questar.  We would like to have this interconnect in place by May 1.  The Interconnect Agreement is anticipated to be executed this week.  I will let you know when it is officially signed.  If it would help us meet our May 1 timeframe, please remember that Questar is more than willing to help order equipment (to our specifications) if our vendors cannot respond as quickly as we would like .  Please let me know if you need additional information.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Hi Jeff,  Yes, this interconnect will be managed by our E&C group.  Earl Chanley will be the project coordinator.  Thanks for your quick reply.  Kim. 
 Earl,  We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW (also, I think we will have to purchase about 50ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar's property).  As you look at this, if for some reason we cannot obtain ElPaso ROW, we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW.  Our in-service date is May 1.  If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts/materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events, please let me know.  Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts/materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in-service date of May 1.  Thanks, Kim. 
  Are you back in the office yet?  We've booked Italy tickets this week for departing Houston on Friday, May 24 to Newark/Rome and returning on Sunday, June 9 from Rome to Newark/Houston.  Ticket price was $1,183 per ticket.  Paul and Judy are on board.  Can you and Tom join us?  Janell and Dennis will not be able to go anywhere in 2002 due to Janell's broken leg.  Please call me, let's discuss.  Thanks, Kim  X33098 
 John, sorry for the late response, but I think you can implement immediately.  I was in a meeting last week and this was discussed (I don't remember if you were there or not) but I'm thinking that you may have already proceeded ahead for implementation which is great, thanks!  Kim. 
 Yes, thanks.  I was aware.  I just couldn't remember if it was you or Terry.  Thanks, Kim. 
  Here it is.  K. 
 Jan,  These numbers are slightly different from the ones you put together a few weeks ago.  Are you comfortable with the difference?  Any thoughts?  No hurry, I was just wondering.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Kyle,  Sorry for not sending this yesterday.  Monday's are always tough.  Please review and let me know what you think.  Let's talk before I leave town next Wednesday.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Mansoor,  Let's discuss.  Kim. 
 Lorraine,  Would you please have a conversation with KMI about Randy's concern of KMI shutting in the Gray I/C w/o notifying us and the problems it would cause at P-3.  Also, keep Darrell, Market Services and, of course, Randy, plugged into the status.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Bullets, please. 
 Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey,  Would you please email me the final bullets from last week.  I don't necessarily go look for the final copy since I am the one who combines all the bullets.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy,  Could you tell me how many of the operating agreements below you have a copy of?  Tiny is trying to complete his files.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey,  Here they are.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey,  As a matter of practice, would you automatically email me the final bullets document after Steve approves?  I will then save it in my word file and use it to start the next weeks bullets.  Thanks, Kim.  :>) 
 Great, Thanks!  Kim.  Shirley, please keep me posted on Krishna's new baby.  Thanks, K. 
 Jodi and Gaylen,  Please see the list below.  Would you please look at what timeframe you could get the equipment listed below.  Our preliminary investigation suggests that we may not be able to obtain the equipment quick enough to meet a May in-service date.  If your engineering department has any questions about this list, please feel free to have them call Earl Chanley at the number below.  And, of course, if you have any questions of me, please feel free to call me at (713) 853-3098.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Bill,  Please check out the changes in blue.  The changes in red are from Questar.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lynn,  I would like for you to review a draft of the proposed TW/Questar OBA in the Blanco Hub (the Interconnect Agreement is in the process of being signed and it is not built yet).  Sorry about all the "red-lines", but I think it makes it easier to see where we have made all of our changes.  FYI, the red changes are changes proposed by Questar, the blue changes are proposed by TW.  Please let me know if you have any thoughts on this agreement.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Mansoor,  I did receive the signed I/C Agreement from Questar late on Friday.  I am currently routing it for approval for TW's signature.  If putting a hold on this meter would help improve the in-service date, I would definitely recommend it.  Would you please provide me your thoughts.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Richard,  We are proceeding ahead with a new I/C with Questar up in the Blanco Hub, here is the proposed OBA that we have been working on.  Please review and let me know if you have any concerns.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Earl,  Thanks for the note.  Mansoor and I have talked and we would definitely like you to put a hold on this meter.  I will keep you posted on Questar's response to the list of equipment that you provided us last week as to how quickly they could receive any of this equipemnt.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jennifer,  I will be on vacation for this meeting.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jodi,  Here is another draft of the OBA.  Please review the changes I made with Gaylen and let me know your thoughts.  By the way, I did receive your signed I/C agreements on Friday afternoon.  We are routing internally for signature.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Linda, you are so welcome!  I leave for vacation Wed., but when I get back, I'll call you.  I want to see your new digs!  Have a great week!  Thanks, Kim. 
 Richard, I will be out of the office on vacation beginning Wed, Feb 13 and returning Monday, February 25.  Please include all the TW dealmakers on any updates that you may have on invoices.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Kirk,  How about talking at 10:30am CST on Friday, August 10?  My day is pretty flexible, so if another time works better for you, please let me know.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy,  Michael sent me this draft today, but I think that you should review these slides since I know that you have been working on this.  Let's discuss in the morning.  Tuesday is my last day before I leave on vacation.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Gary,  Henry did fax me some of the literature, but the quality of the fax is such that it is hard to read.  I am meeting with Jack tomorrow at 10:30, how about I stop by and see you.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Paul,  FYI, Kim. 
 Lorraine and Paul,  Please coordinate with each other and provide Steve an update by noon tomorrow (Wednesday) as to where your conversations stand with your customers on flipping these deals from Index to fixed rates.  He has a meeting with Stan at 2:00pm and will be asked about these I'm sure.  Also, Paul, would you please provide Steve any additional thoughts ( like we discussed yesterday) with respect to how and what things are included in our VaR.  Many thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 reg affairs can provide you a copy.   Thanks, Kim. 
 Kevin,  here is the info on the PG&E project.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hi Jodi,  I'm back in the office now.  I tried to open this document, but I do not have word perfect.  Can you convert to a Word document and resend for my files?  Many thanks, Kim 
 Jan, I believe that I do not have any memberships that fall into this category.  I'm thinking that Steve is the only one with possible memberships here.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I like it.  Kim. 
 Elizabeth,  Please read below.   Can you help us put together a summary of the TW Capacity Releases from Nov. 00 to Aug. 01?  We are in the process of putting our strategy together on our Neg. Rate hearing.  Is it possible to assemble this soon?  Please give me a call if you would like to discuss.  Many thanks, Kim. 
 Alma,  I would like to attend the March 21 at 1:30 demo.  Where?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Elizabeth, Yes I would like to discuss this with you.  My schedule for Wednesday afternoon or Thursday looks good.  How about you?  Kim. 
 Hi Robert,  Yes, I am still here!  However, the Research and Development department is no longer a part of Enron which is why their emails have been returned to you.  Thank you for your thoughts, I will keep you posted.  Kim. 
 Hi Jo,  Yes, I do have time on Wednesday afternoon and would like to meet with you.  Might you be available anytime after 2:00pm?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Great, I'll see you at 2:00.  I am coming back in town on Wed, so if I can get back to the office by 1:30, do you want me to call you to come over early?  Thanks, Kim. 
 I didn't know you were going to Florida in July.  I will look at my schedule.  Do we know anyone in Miami?  ILY, K. 
 Steve, FYI, Kim. 
 Steve, here is the electronic version of the NNG proposal.  Kim. 
 TK,  Here is the proposal from NNG on south end transportation.  Any thoughts....particularity on the one year proposal of $0.065 plus commodity and fuel?   What do you think capacity release would cost for a one year term?  Thanks, Kim. 
 I think that would be great, however, I would like to discuss with Steve for approval on the expense.  Thanks, Kim. 
  FYI, Kim. 
 I think I gave my time to you before I left, but if not, here it is...   Discretionary Day:  February 19 Vacation:  February 20, 21, 22  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Kim  :>) 
 Thanks Alma!   I would like for everyone in the TW marketing group attend this training.  Has everyone responded to you with a date to attend?   Kim. 
 Whose master firm physical gas agreement?  Does UBS have these?  Kim. 
 How about today (Thursday) at 2:00.  Can you come to EB1336?.  John, are you available, also?  Thanks, Kim. 
 I have a conference call then.  How about Friday morning or afternoon? 
 Friday at 9:00am works for me.  Where?  Kim. 
 Bullets, please! 
 Audrey,  Does this impact us?  Kim. 
 Steve,  What was the Oneok issue?  What does Ann mean by "ETS was releasing gas to Oneok"? 
 I must be sleepy this morning.  ??.   K. 
 Theresa,  I've been out of town the last couple of days, can we get together later today to discuss this?  Would you be available for lunch or right after lunch?  Thanks, Kim. 
  FYI, Kim. 
 Audrey,  Here they are.  Thanks, Kim. 
 John,  Look at this.  Kim. 
 Lindy, this looks good.  I like it.  Thanks, Kim. 
 TK,  This is the funniest thing I've seen in a long time!  You should have heard me scream!  I laughed so hard I had to hang up on the Steve Cooper voice mail.  K. 
 Mansoor,  this is the other thing I was trying to remember when I was in your office this afternoon.  I would like to discuss this with you.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thanks, this was exactly what I was looking for.  Kim. 
 Yes, however, I thought I saw an earlier message from you booking this meeting at 9:00.  Either time works for me.  Please confirm.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 John, sorry, I forgot to respond, they look fine.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Randy,  Mansoor and I met on this topic this morning.  We are confirming with Perry Frazier what, if any, firm commitments we may have on this system to make sure we understand possible impacts of abandoning this station.  Also, we will meet with the regulatory folks this week to discuss the various regulatory options with them.  We will keep you updated as we progress through these meetings.  How much money is required on the Ivanhoe station to keep ESD compliant?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy, can you respond to this?  Many thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  Are you available on Wednesday to discuss the Ivanhoe station?  We want to describe to you what the situation is and get your advice on what our regulatory options are.  I'm available anytime except 9:00-10:00 and 2:00-3:00.  Mansoor, how about you?  Thanks, Kim. 
 did you get an updated tariff from Reg Affairs?  Let me know if you still need assistance.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey,  My changes are in color.  Also, I will bring over to you a list of others to add.  (I could not add rows to this spreadsheet, sorry).  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hi Kirk,  I just wanted to check in with you and see how you were doing.  How is the Big Sandy Project?  How are you doing on the water rights?  I hope all is well.  We're doing fine in Transwestern.  Kim. 
 It's official!  We are moving next week on Thursday, March, 14!  Actually, we have to be packed up by close of business on Wednesday, March 13.  Ruthann will be calling each of you to discuss your move needs, such as your type of computer equipment, whether or not you are moving your chair, etc...Boxes will be coming soon.  Please let Audrey or me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Kim. 
 How about I talk with her on the phone...  We can visit with her tonight.  K. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Gaylen and Jodi,  Here is the schematic for the Blanco Hub, it has not been updated for your new interconnect yet.  Gaylen, I got your voice mail on amending the payment schedule if you guys are purchasing most of the equipment and I am OK with amending it to reflect the change in spending.  I've got a draft that I will update for the spending.  I'll send it to you soon.  By the way, do you guys have a list of the customers that will be attending your customer meeting next week?  I am scheduled for the second session.  Thanks, Kim. 
 We have a response back from the Hotel Firenze (same hotel we stayed in before) in Rome for the last two nights of our trip (June 7 & 8) that they do have availability.  The rate is Euro 155.00 (according to the conversion rate I think this is about USD $136) for each room all including.  They will need credit card info if we want to confirm.  I have not heard from the Hotel Conditti ( which is the hotel we had reservations for back in September and is located closer to the Spanish Steps than the Hotel Firenze) and hope to hear from them soon.  I have also not heard back from the Marincanto Hotel in Positano.  I'll keep you posted.  I thought we would give the Hotel Conditti another day to respond before making our decision.  If Conditti does not have space or is too pricey, are we OK with booking the Hotel Firenze?  I have not checked into other Rome hotels.  Let me know if you would like me to investigate others.  Please advise.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Oh, My Italian Amigos,  I just received a fax from Hotel Condotti and they do have availability for June 7 & 8 at a rate of Euro 233 ( which is about USD $204) which includes breakfast and taxes.   http://hotelcondotti.com/rooms.html  http://www.hotelfirenzeroma.it/ing/hotel.htm  Please check out each of the above web sites and let me know what you think.  The Condotti is a little more expensive, but certainly looks very nice.  We know that Firenze was fine and I'm certainly happy to stay there again if everyone is game.  John, do you have a preference?  Paul please talk with Judy and let me know what your vote is.   Also, let me know if you want me to check on other hotels in Rome.  Once I tally the votes, I'll confirm the hotel.   Thanks, Kim.    P.S.  Paul, you'll have to give me your credit card information.  Call me with this info, do not send email.  (Due to Big E issues, I cannot delete any email messages and I don't want this info hanging around.) 
 Steve,  We are still confirming whether or not TW has had other I to I deals negotiated in the past.  So far, TK, Lorraine and Michelle don't think that we have any, but I will talk to Lindy tomorrow.  Here are some NNG I to I neg. rates that have been approved during the past year.  I will keep you posted.  Kim. 
 Stuart,  Your ears, or maybe mine, must have been burning lately.  I have been thinking about you over the past couple of days and wanted to call you and schedule lunch.  Is your new office in the Greenway Plaza area?  Gosh, we have lots to catch up on from both your side and mine.  Congratulations!  I know you must be excited and I can't wait to hear about your new opportunities with WHES!  What is you schedule the week of March 18?  Are you available for lunch anytime the week of 3/18?  Thanks,  Kim. 
 Katy,  Thanks for the list, however, I do not have word perferct and cannot open the document.  Can you convert it to a Word document and re-send?  Sorry for the trouble.  Thanks,  Kim.  :>) 
 Ben and Dennis,  We do indeed appreciate being able to use the 3907 conference room for our morning meetings.  Thank you for moving your standing Wednesday staff meetings to another meeting room.  We look forward to being on the same floor with everyone!  See you Thursday on EB39!  Kim.  :>) 
 My Italian Amigos,  I have just received a fax from the Marincanto Hotel, Positano.  They do have availability for us beginning May 25 for 3 nights.  They have at least one standard double room (sea view) for Euro 186 (approximately $165 USD) and one superior double room (also sea view) for Euro 217 ( approximately $192 USD).  The only difference between the rooms that I can tell from their fax is that the superior room has a jacuzzi bath.  I do not know where in the room the jacuzzi is located.  This hotel has a private beach (I think I read somewhere in one of my books that there was a small nominal fee to use the beach) with a private descent (Wahoo!).  They also have private parking at the cheap price of Euro 18 per day and only a thousand (uphill each way) steps to it.  Is this hotel still OK?  I do not know if they have two standard room and two superior rooms or just one of each type available.  Please let me know what your preference is.  I can clarify in my next fax.  If both our preferences are for the same type room and they only have one of each, shall we draw straws or have a pizza eating contest?  Also, there was one other hotel in Positano that I looked into before finding Hotel Marincanto for our Sept. trip but they were full.  I may look them up tonight and fax them tomorrow just to compare.  Please advise.  Thanks, Kim.    P.S.  We also have a fax from Hotel Firenze in Rome that we are confirmed for June 7 & 8! 
 Please send me your bullets ASAP this morning.  If you have no bullets to report, please reply to me that you have none.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey, here they are! 
 Steve,  I just ran into Tracy in the hall and she asked if on Trans Pecos the $131MM (or it could be $138MM) represented 100% or 50% of the cost.  The $131 is 100% of the cost of the project.  If we joint venture with KMI, our cost would be half of this.  Call me if you have questions.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I will be out of town next Friday.  Lorraine will be attending for our group.  Thank you for the invite.  Kim. 
 Ruth, would you please invite Lindy Donoho also.  Thanks, Kim. 
 yes. 
 By the way, I don't think I finished my thought when we were talking about this earlier today.  Yes, you are correct that PNR revenue was only $1,200 in July.  Due to higher swings in the SoCal window causing higher line pack, parks were not made available most of the month.  TK continues to challenge our ability to accomodate PNR's.  The Daily Balancing Report is helping us to recognize opportunities for this service.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Yes, I called Steve Harris from the airport.  What is the amount?  I was not sure from the numbers below.  Please save the detail from my expense account.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy,  We are meeting on Tues at 10:00 in 1336 to discuss how TW may handle a storage point on our system with respect to how we contract for this point (given that contracts will want to receive and deliver to this point on a firm basis) as well as how we schedule gas at this point.  Will you be able to attend and give us your advise?  Many thanks, Kim. 
 We are sending them over this morning.  I have already talked to Dave Matney and told him the agreements were coming this morning.  They will review and we will plan to meet next Mon or Tues to iron out any remaining items (such as the operatorship) so we can tender to Pemex.  Stan is OK with them and has agreed that if we need to conceded the operatorship, we can, but he would like an opener in three years to re-bid the operatorship. 
 Steve, FYI, Kim. 
 Earl and Mansoor,  I have received a copy of the as-built drawings for the TW/Agave Eddy County Interconnect.  Earl, as I understand it, you have a copy also.  Please confirm that you have what you need.  I will send my copy to Mansoor unless otherwise directed.  Also, I have received an invoice from Agave for $245,904.20 for their work on this interconnect.  Earl, I believe Mark McConnell faxed you a copy a few weeks ago.  I need you both to approve the invoice so I can pay.  Do either of you have any comments regarding this invoice?  Does anyone else need to see it?  Please advise.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Dennis,  I am travelling Wednesday and will not be able to attend.  I am asking Lorraine to attend in my place.  Thanks, Kim.   Lorraine,  Will you be able to attend this meeting?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey, I have no off duty time to report.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Mark, let's discuss this and get with Kevin.  Thanks, Kim. 
 pretty cute. 
 Earl,  Will you be able to coordinate with Agave to do this?  Have you talked to Paul Ragsdale yet?  FYI, I had Audrey send my copy of the as-built drawing to you last week.  If this is a duplicate from what Agave sent you, would you please forward the copy I sent you to Mansoor for his files.  Let me know if I need to talk to Agave.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lou--while you were on the lake...  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hattie,  Yes, I will fax it to you when I get home tonight.  In fact, when you get it, why don't you call me and we can talk about it.  This is one of the recipes that I got in Paris when I went to cooking school.  They translated it for us, but as you can imagine, it needs just a little bit of discussion to fill in the blanks.  I hope I'm not scaring you, it is actually a pretty easy recipe.  My home number is 713 791 9201 and my office number is 713 853 3098.  Thanks, Kim.   :>) 
 TK,  When you get back from vacation, let's talk about this.  What do I need to do?  Thanks, Kim. 
 I received a message that there will be a surprise lunch for Rich Jolly on Friday, March 29 from 11:30 to 1:00pm in ECN46C1.  Rich is retiring after 35 years of service.  Everyone is invited.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Tiny,  I just received a message that Rich is going to retire at the end of the month.  I understand that there is a surprise lunch for him in Houston on March 29.  Will you be attending?  Let us know, we'd like to meet with you if you are going to be in town.  Did you receive the $50 check I sent you for Rich's gift?  When I was reconciling my checking account a couple of weeks ago, I noticed it had not cleared yet.  I just want to make sure it did not get lost in the mail.  Good luck on Bisti!  Thanks, Kim. 
 Tiny,  Thanks for the note.  I'll let TK and Mark know that you got the money for the four wheeler.  Along with many, we will miss Rich a lot.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Cindy,  This works fine for me.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  I will plan to attend this meeting.  Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 It may be a good idea for everyone to attend this meeting to get brought up to speed on the 637 filing.  See you there.  Kim. 
 Martha,  I'm sorry you had to miss lunch today.  Frank also brought Mark Pickering (they worked together at EBS).  Frank and Mark are working on business development for Plains.  He very much wants to catch up with you, I told him you would give him a call.  His office number is 713 739-6715  (if 739 doesn't work, try 729, the voice mail was fuzzy).  His cell phone is 713 503-9027 (I know this number is correct).  Please give him a call.  He is very happy in his new role.  My lunch with him today did remind me of the "good ole days" you and I had with him.  Give me a shout when you get back into the office.   Thanks, Kim   P.S.  We moved up to 39 last weekend.  I finally went through all my boxes from the office you and I shared on 41.  Some of the stuff was yours, so I packed you one box and put it on your desk.  (Sorry.......)  Call me. 
 L--- Can you help with this?  Per my conversation with you earlier today.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I was really thinking about the prep work needed for Sat evening.  Can we talk tonight?  What watering hole?  Where?  K. 
 Dear Gary and Fran,  Attached, please find a resignation letter from both me and Lorraine Lindberg.  If you would like a signed hard copy, just let me know, I would be happy to provide it to you.  Lorraine has also indicated that she would provide you a signed hard copy, too.  At your convience, I would like to visit with each of you.  Sincerely,  Kim. 
 Steve, Tiny sent me this note when he heard the news.  K. 
 Hattie,  This recipe is from my Paris cooking class.  It is supposed to be wonderful served chilled (when we cooked it in class, we served it warm).  Be careful not to add too much cream since chilling it makes it a little thicker anyway.  Also, after you puree it in the blender, Marie Blanche (our cooking teacher) recommends that you strain all of the chunks out with cheese cloth. She says the reason for this is so that the guests will have a harder time figuring out all of the ingredients.  It is part of the Parisian mystery of cooking.  Good Luck!  Kim. 
 Sherry,  Thank you so much for your kind thoughts.  I sure have enjoyed working with everyone.  I will miss all the great personalities that we have assembled in ETS!  And, you can definitely count on me for being at The Nutcracker!  Thanks again, Kim  :>) 
 Audrey, here they are.   Thanks, Kim. 
 Shelley,  Congratulations!  TW has a great marketing department and I know that you will enjoy working with everyone.  Can we schedule lunch next week?  I would love to visit with you and share with you some of the things we have been working on to ensure a smooth transition.  I am available on Monday, Wednesday or Friday.  Tuesday is possible, I would need to move another appointment.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Great.  I'll put 11:30 on my calendar.  Kim. 
 Audrey, =20 Please reflect this change for John Cogan on the customer/phone/email list.= =20 =20 Thanks, Kim. =20 
 FYI, Kim. 
 L--  More unsubscribed capacity reporting....  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thanks, Sue.  Actually, today is my last day in the office.  I will start with KMI (doing Business Development)  in a couple of weeks.  I've got your phone number, I'll call you when I know mine and we'll set something up for later this month.  I hope all is well with Dynegy.  Thanks again,  Kim. 
 TK, FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, KIm. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 You have the paper copy of this.  K. 
 Not sure how this impacts us.  FYI, K. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, KIm. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, KIm. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Alma, Please invite Lindy Donoho to this meeting.  Thanks, Kim. 
 J, please keep this for my files.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Bullets, please.  Thanks, K. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 I've got it booked. I'll give you a call.   Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
  FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Lindy,  I accidentally left you off my earlier distribution to the marketers.  FYI, Kim. 
 Shirley,  Let's book Tuesday, Aug. 28.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Lorraine,  Here is a start to the Bullets.  Thank you for handling this for the team today!  I'll see you Friday afternoon.  Kim. 
 Audrey, Lorraine is providing bullets for the team this week.   Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  Yikes, I thought you were on eSpeak the following week.  I am in Artesia on Tuesday the 6th and won't be able to help you.  I'll be sure to submit some questions for you to answer.  Sorry,  Kim. 
 potiential bullet material.  K. 
 Mark, I reviewed my files and did not find the Dandby section.  I don't believe that I looked in the asset book.  Check with Jim Curry - there did seem to be some confusion about the Asset Listing Summary vs. the Asset Listing Detail (that wasn't in the file)  - maybe it is just miss-filed in their stuff.  Kim. 
 Lindy, I did not see you on this distribution list.  FYI, Kim. 
 Cameron,  I'm glad you found the bulletin board.  The units are in MMBtu/d, the month should be specified by the column.  Thanks,  Kim Watson 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Glen,  Can you help interpret this impact of this decision on California customers for us?  Since we are looking at the Southern Trails system again, is this really good for them?  Exactly what is the rate the peaking customer would be charged?  Many thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Lee accepted our invitation to the Nutcracker for Wed. evening.  Kim. 
 Dear Hattie and Jim,  Thank you so much for hosting our dinner group Saturday night.  Your home is just lovely and we particularly enjoyed the beautiful china!  It is so nice to share stimulating conversation and great food with wonderful friends.  Thank you again for your hospitality! See you next week.  Kim and John. 
 Lindy, would you like for me to send Michelle to this meeting?  Should you both go?  Let me know what your preference is.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Steve,  Was Lorraine able to get you an answer before she left?  I know she had a few calls into Nevada Power.  Let me know if you need me to do anything on this in her absence.  Kim. 
 Kevin,  What was the offer price from KMI on the Sonoran Pipeline Project?  Kim. 
 Thank you for the notice.  I would appreciate it if you could mail my prize to my office location in the Enron Building.  I am located in ECN1346.  Thank you very much, I appreciate the effort you guys took to set up this important website.  Kim. 
 Thanks, I will look forward to this!  Kim. 
 Paul,  I'm am sorry that I will not be able to meet you for lunch today.  I have been on the road travelling for the past two weeks and have over 250 emails to catch up on.  I do look forward to catching up with you guys on Sunday.  Good luck at the dentist.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey, here they are.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Here it is.  Kim. 
 I will be there on Monday, 10:30.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Although I've been out of the office a lot, I've been here for time report purposes.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Are you logged in?  I've lost you in my MSN messenger list.  I'm not sure what happened.  Are you there?  K. 
 I will be there on Monday at 10:30.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Toby,  Please post these ROFR's on the EBB.  Please call if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim. 
 Audrey,  Here they are.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I am indeed logged into MSN.  I wonder if ENE zapped MSN for outside people.  I'll look into it. K. 
 TK,  Let's visit on what this may mean for TW opportunities for Dec. business.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy,  FYI.  Kim. 
 Sorry, not yet.  Thanks for checking on me.  Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 I'm trying to take next week off.  Not sure I can swing Friday yet.  I might be able to leave early.  I am definitely game for attending.  Does it start on Friday and go through Sunday?  ILY, K. 
 If I can't swing Friday, how about planning on being there at 9:00am? 
 Opps, I have my gyn appt on Wed at 2:40 and 3:30.  Can we meet with him on Tues? 
 Dennis,  Thank you for your kind note.  It is amazing how our pets become so much a part of our lives.  John has talked me into going to the cat show which happens to be in town this weekend.  Of course, we will pay special attention to the Turkish Angora breed.  Thanks for your thoughts.  K. 
 I've got it booked.  HAGD, BCDTA, ILY, K. 
 TK,  What are your thoughts on resolving this?  Would it help for you to talk to Pauline?  How can we assist Darrell in this?  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, for the Brian meeting tomorrow.  K. 
 Please keep me posted.  I am off next week, but I would like to book lunch = with you in the next couple of weeks just to catch up.  Twenty-six floors i= s too far away from you guys.  What does your calendar look like.  Throw me= a couple of dates that may work for you.  Thanks, K.=20 
 Lindy,  Just in case you could not see the Word.doc.  K. 
 I will be there.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Jerry,  FYI, Jan and I may be late for this meeting since we are taking her to lunc= h to celebrate her 20 years of service.  If we miss this meeting, may we to= uch base with you by phone to get any pertinent info on TW.  Also, we want = a recap on any stories or jokes that you tell!  :>).  Many thanks,=20 Kim. 
 It is that time of year.... Please complete your list of accomplishments by the end of November.  Also, please complete your 2002 Objectives by December 14.  Your objectives will need to outline your specific marketing plan for each customer, project and idea you may have for adding/increasing value to Transwestern in 2002.  As discussed earlier, we will get together in mid-December to review account loads to see if we need to do any shifting.  Your 2002 Objectives will be helpful in determining whether your load is heavy, light or just right.  I will be happy to visit with each of you individually if you have any questions or would like to discuss these items.    :>)  Thanks, Kim. 
 Mark,  This looks fine.  Kim. 
 Paula, I can make myself available this evening or tomorrow evening to discuss this and other topics as your calendar permits.  I actually think that we should not be pressured by anyone to fill this position in the next few days.  If Jim would like to resign effective the end of the month (or some other date), I think that would be fine.  It is completely reasonable that the board take some amount of time, whatever is necessary, to select the right candidate.  Let me know when you would like to rally.  Thanks, Kim.  P.S.  Paula, congratulations on the new grandbaby!  I hope mom, dad and precious little one are doing well! 
 I will be on vacation this day, however, I am planning on coming in for the board meeting in the evening.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jan, FYI, Kim. 
 Hi Phyllis!  I am so excited to get to see you this weekend!  I sure hope all is well with you.  It looks like you and I have been assigned the dinner for Saturday evening.  I am open to ideas for recipes!  Let me know when would be a good time to visit on our assignment.  I will make time for you anytime.  Thanks, Kim.  :>)  phone:  	work 713 853 3098 home 713 791 9201 
 Mary Kay,  What is the usual process on something like this?  Do we get a chance to respond to the protest before the FERC makes a decision on whether to hold a Tech Conf?  What is the timeline for any other protests to come in?  What is the timeline for FERC to decide?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Drew,  If TW cannot sell all of the Mavrix capacity within 60 days, then will TW t= hen take the financial risk after this time and not hold Mavrix responsible= for the difference? This may be OK as we may wish to re-sell the capacity = in different packages of time.   KW. 
 Sorry, I had a typo in your address below. Here is the message.  K. 
 Jerry,=20 Was there anything for TW that came out of this meeting that we need to be = aware of?  Thanks, Kim. 
 I can be available at 6:30 also.  John is on his way back from Austin and I'm not sure of his timing, but I am certainly game.  Let me know where and when you would like for me to meet you.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey and Steve,  FYI, I have an eye appointment on Thursday at 4:00pm.  I will leave about 3:30.  I will have my cell phone if anyone needs me.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Paula, Can I catch a ride with you?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Yes.  I'll be there.  K. 
 Jan,=20 What impact does this change have on our earnings? =20  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 No off-duty time for me on this report.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hey Kevin,  Thanks for the message.  In fact, I talked with Glenn Hass about this earlier today.  I also talked to Questar about this today as well.  Gary Schmitt was somewhat optimistic, but he had not seen the full order yet so he was still reserved.  I'll keep you posted.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Michelle,  Would you have time to handle this I/C?  If so, please let Perry know that you are the marketing contact.  If not, please let me know so that I can pass it on to someone else.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Paula,  Although we skimmed the surface on board replacements for Jim, we should probably start a list of potential candidates.  Some of the names we mentioned last night were:  Bill Tarter Lenore Fenberg Muffin Alfred  Any other names that come to mind?  .....Will Eucker, Art, Tammi Semi, Carolyn Brown, Ken O'Neill... are other people who have been involved in various efforts.  Your thoughts?  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI....  I believe Dave N. and Sue had a conversation regarding help in the risk mgmt area.  I saw Dave in the hallway earlier and he indicated that he wanted to rally with you and me to discuss. I've got two calls into Tom Armstrong with SW Gas.  I hope to get him to send in a request this week.  Also, James has been running numbers today, so I should have a term sheet for you tomorrow. The Agave Christmas Party is on Tuesday, December 11.  Is it possible to take a company plane out with reps from mgmt, mktg, gas logistics and operations? We are also running a few more scenarios for TransPecos.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy, FYI, I have a call into Tiny to discuss this picture and the ownership of the pipe in question.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Thanks for setting this meeting up.  K. 
 Audrey, here they are.... 
 FYI. K. 
 Lindy, thanks for looking into this.  I agree with your comments.  Kim. 
 Hi Dot.  Audrey is our secretary.  Her phone number is X35849.  I wasn't aware that she books 49C2, but give her a call and see what she says.  Happy Thanksgiving.  Kim. 
