 not accomodate the=20 schedule neccesary to effectively serve as a JA volunteer.    I  take my=20 commitments very seriously so my inability to fulfill this obligation is no= t=20 something I am totally comfortable with.  However, upon reviewing the=20 situation I realize that this decision is necessary.  Thank you for your help and energy and I wish you all the luck with the kid= s=20 and the program.  What you do is truly making a positive difference in many= =20 of these kids' futures.   Charlie Weldon 
 Oh yeah.  Did you go to lunch with Juan Verde? 
 test 
 t 
 Not gonna happen.  Offer up 5 total all in sign on, plus they guaranteed the same y-e that we have. where before it was not detailed. 
 No, did you?  Hard to believe that its' still falling after today's news:  HOUSTON, Jan. 4 /PRNewswire/ -- Dynegy Inc. (NYSE: DYN - news) today announced that the company will significantly exceed previously forecasted fourth quarter recurring earnings of $0.22 to $0.25 per share. In addition, the company also reaffirmed that it is comfortable with the upper range of current estimates for 2001, which will represent an increase over 2000 of about 30 percent. 
 I will not be able to attend.  Thanks, Charlie 
 FYI - Attached is a quote from a recent TWC memo that should be of interest given our recent conversations....   Charlie   "December's winter weather events, coupled with early wintry weather in October and November, boosted the network to an all-time high 4th quarter rating, despite comparatively lower averages early in the quarter due to quieter than usual hurricane activity." 
 did you do it? 
 I will be there.   Thanks,  Charlie Weldon 
 Remi,  Thank you very much for your obvious interest and commitment to doing a high quality job in your PRC representative role.  Per your request, I am attaching my resume and a brief outline of my contributions during the last few months.  I am currently in my first rotation as an Associate which I  began this past summer following graduation from UT with an MBA in Energy Finance.   I am assigned to Vince Kaminski's Research Group on the Market Fundamentals Team. This team is commonly referred to as the "Weather Group" and is headed by my supervisor, Mike Roberts.  We are located on the gas trading floor (32nd) and provide direct support to all the gas desks as well as weather derivatives trading.  Thanks again for your interest and I am looking forward to meeting you. Please let me know if you need any additional information.   Sincerely,  Charlie Weldon 
 Why don't you buy deep in the money put options?  They will have a high delta and hence move almost dollar for dollar with the stock. 
 Check out NOK Feb 55 puts, NZYMK.X  They are up 4-5/8 while NOK is down 4-5/8.  2932 contracts out wth 24 traded today so liquidity shouild be OK.  Buy 400 ERICY for ~$4000 and one NOK put contract of NZYMK.x.  That should give you a delta on NOK equiv to shorting $4000 of the stock.  Did I figure this right? 
 sounds somewhat believable.  I can imagine the frenzy on the discussion boards if that got out.  I won't be the one to put it out there.  i think one more year and then its done.  Would the motivation for the Aggie AD to work really be only money? 
 Yep.  We won't  miss him as much as we will Fergie if he goes though.  I think if he's fully committed to being as good a pro as possible he could be really good.  We'll see. 
 WE'll likely move Joe Weber to FB.  He's ~225 lbs and pretty fast for a FB so he'll do.  Whitaker will still be TB but we've got a redshirt frosh named Keith Joseph who has the dimensions of Eddie George and played really well on the scout team.  I'll bet he sees a lot of PT at TB if he's really that good.  He was one of the very few guys that RC got over MacIII in the last few years of recruiting. 
 ENE up 1-3/4!  Option bid only up 3 teenies from where I bought it though. the spread on options is about a 1/4 which makes it tough. 
 Rebecca,  I was looking in EHROnline at my available vacation to verify that it all got accounted for correctly in 2000.  It appears that it did except for the fact that when I attempted to view my available vacation for 2001, it only indicates that I have 120 hours available.  I should have an additional 16 hours left due to the 10 hours that accrued on 12/31/00 and the 6 I had left over.  Can you please let me know how to reconcile this in the system?  Thanks,  Charlie Weldon 
 Shares of Enron Corp. (NYSE: ENE - Quotes, News, Boards) were smacked around again yesterday, following close on the heels of seven-session decline that sent the stock down more than 13 points, or 16%, from its recent high of $84.63 (December 28), all amid uncertainty and considerable volatility. The pullback doesn't appear to be company-specific exactly, although the rumblings in a certain geographic region, namely California, are triggering aftershocks throughout the U.S. energy community.  As we outlined in a report on January 4, the energy situation in California has rapidly reached crisis proportions. Strict environmental legislation and the uncertain profit potential post-deregulation has kept utilities from installing sufficient generating capacity in the state over the last 10 years.  The state's two major utilities, PG&E Corp. (NYSE: PCG - Quotes, News, Boards) and Edison International (NYSE: EIX - Quotes, News, Boards) , are facing the prospect of eventual insolvency due to the spiraling costs of electricity purchased on the open market. However, the rates the utilities can charge their customers for power represent a fraction of the costs that prevailed during the gradual rollout of full-scale deregulation.  The risks to Enron are two-fold.  For one, the crisis in California may result in a default of payments to the state's major wholesale energy providers, including Enron. Although the company does operate in California, the bottom-line impact would likely be shielded to a considerable degree because of Enron's size, strength, and diversified global revenue streams. In addition, Enron would likely be high on the list of default payees given its importance to future wholesale energy supplies in the region.  More significantly, investors are concerned that California legislators may pull the plug on deregulation entirely, or at least until the current crisis abates. Some also fear this mess might derail utility deregulation in other states as regulators and politicians alike become fearful of adverse and unintended economic consequences.  Neither scenario is probable. For one thing, the airline industry was deregulated in fits and starts, with plenty of mistakes and recrimination along the way. And a strong argument can be made that the shortage of electric power would have pressured rates sharply higher even in a fully regulated environment.  The California Public Utility Commission will attempt to decide the best course of action this week. It appears inevitable that, regardless of PG&E and Edison's ultimate fate, the state's energy consumers will likely absorb much of the burden through an increase in the prevailing rate cap.  Enron has also fallen victim to the rotation out of strong defensive stocks on the heels of the Federal Reserve's unexpected interest-rate cuts last week. The initial euphoria has waned, however, upon the realization that the sharp rate cuts will serve to offset what appears to be a rapid rate of erosion in domestic economic growth, rather than generating a rebound in economic activity. As a result, we expect investors once again to seek the shelter of well-capitalized defensive plays like Enron.  We would emphasize that several factors that weigh in Enron's favor have been overlooked amid the California crisis. The November-December period was 18% colder than normal and the second-coldest start to the winter months in the past 50 years. Coupled with an uncertain supply situation, particularly in natural gas, Enron stands to profit handsomely from energy volatility and pricing, an environment that is likely to exist for at least the next 12 months.  In addition, Enron's diversification into still more new avenues of growth help to insulate the company from additional challenges of this sort in the future. The markets for EnronOnline, a real-time commodities exchange vehicle, and Enron's broadband services unit are expected to at least triple over the next year. An eventual inflection point in the groups' profitability would serve to send profits measurably higher in the long term.  Despite the recent turmoil, Enron's consensus earnings estimate for 2001, according to First Call, has come down a mere penny, to $1.65 a share. Although the stock's rich price/earnings multiple of 43 times may aggravate its near-term volatility, the absence of a complete collapse of the stock indicates the market approves of Enron's maneuvers so far and is confident in its prospects going forward 
 I will be unable to attend.  Thank You,  Charlie Weldon 
 I don't disagree with your view, but I wouldn't count broadband out yet.  It may be going slower than we like but it might come around eventually.  If it doesn't then there certainly will be hell to pay in the stock rice.  By the way,  I doubled up on JPM today.  It's showed me a profit you know..... 
 713-345-7229 
 Try author Harry S. Dent  on Amazno.  Book is   "The Roaring 2000's Investor"  http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/068486231X/qid=979243357/sr=2-1/ref=sc_ b_1/107-9841521-9750112 
 I'm here now if you want to give me a call.  713-345-7229. 
 Count me in please. 
 up to 69.75 from a low of 66.06!  Big buyers?  Avg daily volume = 3.09M shares, today - 3.06M so far 
 From the Street.com....  Over the past 90 days, fund companies have either launched or filed paperwork with regulators for the first four mutual funds focusing on the new-power/alternative energy industries. Unlike broader energy funds, this pack will focus to varying degrees on a thinner band of the energy/utilities sector, namely companies that either sell power at steep prices to utilities unable to keep up with their customer's demand and those developing new ways to keep the lights on or maybe even run your car.  Click below for the full story:  http://www.thestreet.com/_yahoo/funds/fundjunkie/1259499.html 
 Theta is hurting me but gamma will hopefully come to my rescue.  Waht do you think about these funds buying ENE and its effect on price?  ENE at 70-9/16!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 A good time, indeed!  Looking forward to another group trip sometime in the near future.  I do not have the resources (time or money) to become heavily involved but I would be interested in possibly helping out on Congressional elections for 2002 as well as any other opportunities that may arise in town to "hob-knob" or otherwise contribute.  I'll consider what the most efficient way is for you to further your knowledge of business, etc.  We should be getting the pictures developed in the next day or two.  I'm looking forward to the digital ones you've got so I can forward them around. I added my sisters to the GOPUSA distribution list and may add some others later tonight.  When is the website going to have our pictures?   Thanks,  Charlie 
 Saw 
