e two to three slides.  Liz 
 call liz and get on my calendar.  maybe we can grab lunch or something.  i heard about the ag meeting.  sounds like things could have gone better, but it also sounds like jeff was a little difficult.  he never has liked the notion of that business though.  i'll try to explain it next week.  greg 
 i cant open this 
 Cathy,  Will Shankman be able to attend that one?  Liz 
 I have actually talked with these guys before.  More than a year ago I think.  I may have an old copy of their business plan.  The guy I talked to was Frank Levy, their CEO.  Just out of curiosity I would like to talk to them again to see if they have anything going. 
 went to the rodeo 
 Greg Whalley has requested weekly budget meetings during the month of March. The meetings are scheduled for every Tuesday @ 3:00 p.m. in EB3321, for one hour, beginning March 6 and ending March 27.  Please advise if your executive can not attend.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 Hi Chris,  Greg is located at EB3324.  He is scheduled to be in Monday - Thursday (Thursday til midday).  Liz Taylor 
 You & Your Spouse are cordially invited to join me at the 2001 Houston Livestock & Rodeo on Monday, 26th February  with performances by Brooks & Dunn Event start time:  7:00 p.m.  Please RSVP to Liz Taylor (x31935) 
 John,  How do you want me to handle pmt back to Greg for your return leg on Travel Air from the Super Bowl.  Greg mentioned that Enron may be picking up the bill for you.  If yes, just advise and I'll do up the payment request.  The total charges are $3,621.50.  Many Thanks,  Liz 
 just saw that Louis Dreyfus traded with us today.  good job!!  one concern though -- several of the new names that we see coming across show up for 1 trade and then don't come back. are we getting any feedback from them on the WTI product??  it can't just be the size. 
 don't know about the relationship with dave,  you'll have to work on that one.  i will talk to stan, but i can't believe he has any interest in developing power plants anywhere.  Portland General did just get a dash approved for building about 45 mw in oregon.  Stan Horton called me about it, and he was going to have someone in Portland (i'll remember the name in a minute)  call tim belden about our fundamental analysis of the region. Stan also mentioned the there is an unregulated side of PGE that is enterring into these transactions.  He wondered if that part of PGE should belong in EWS.  Talk to tim and we'll decide how to approach that next week. 
 Chuck,  This is a read-only file.  I'm unable to print it out to show to Greg. Please provide me with a hard copy.  Greg doesn't read e-mail regularly.  I keep an eye on this e-mail and print out things that require his immediate attention.  You may want to deliver me hard copies of the P&Ls.  Liz 
 Sure thing.  Liz 
 Hi John,  Have you sent Greg Enron Europe's 2001 Goals & Objectives (no more than 3 to 4 each)?  If not, he needs them asap.  I'll also check through his emails to see if you sent them already.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 Dave,  Greg is requesting Enron Americas' 2001 Goals & Objectives (no more than 3 to 4 each) asap.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor x31935 
 Rebecca,  Greg is requesting Enron Global Assets' 2001 Goals & Objectives (no more than 3 to 4 each) asap.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor x31935 
 Jeff,  Greg is requesting Enron Industrial Markets' 2001 Goals & Objectives (no more than 3 to 4 each) asap.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 Louise,  Greg is requesting Enron Net Works' 2001 Goals & Objectives (no more than 3 to 4 each) asap.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor x31935 
 Mike,  Greg is requesting Enron Global Markets' 2001 Goals & Objectives (no more than 3 to 4 each) asap.   Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 i didn't do it !!!! 
 does this mean that you are a seller at 70% of the number you put in your retail column??  If so....  i will take  PJ Fluer Dom La Grande Dame  the cristal looks a little pricey @ 200,  but @ 140 i'll take that too. 
 by this ratio the rest ot the power group is really underperforming!!!! 
 You're e-mailing me on Greg's address book.  It's because I responded to your first address from his e-mail and I thought I was in my address book.  Honey,  please feel better soon.  I'm saying a prayer for you right now.  I'm glad I put a smile on your face (and what a handsome face it is).    Liz 
 He asked me to table it til this week.  Last week was full of activities planning for the Analyst conference and tons of meetings about our problems in CA (Power).  Sorry you're not feeling well.  Take care of yourself.    I had a lovely weekend, thank you.  Edmond and I did dinner & dancing on Saturday night.  We had a picnic @ Allen Parkway on yesterday afternoon.  Followed by a  Super Bowl party for two.  This was a lot of fun.  We ate junk food and drank cokes all night.  By 3:30a.m. this morning we both had a stomach ache.  Am I sharing enough, to much?  I think I like me old way better.  Going forward, you're getting "fine or not so fine."  Liz 
 Good Morning Ken,  Good weekend?  liz 
 if the good catch you are talking about was the profitability assumptions being doubled, i didn't catch it.  Pavel did. 
 Pd = change in price V = volume per transaction S = bid/offer spread T = number of transactions   Profit =  T*V*S/4  -  V*(P2)/S?? 
 Robert,  I have on Greg's calendar the dates of Jan. 10 - 12 for Bonus & LTI Reviews w/you.  You booked this w/me a couple of months ago.  This has probably changed and should be removed from Greg's calendar.  Please advise.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 where are you right now?  i am in london.  are you around? 
 it is his job to talk.  he can't help himself. 
 you should look into this.  not that there are necessarily violations, but there have to at least be questions.  i used to get a curve report that showed curve graphs on a volume bar chart.  have you looked at anything like that lately?  you can find problems with a pretty quick scan. 
 this announcement has not gone out for that reason.  we have had a number of discussions about it since this was drafted and there seems to be some concern about it being inside one of the business units since it is supposed to handle investments across the company and would be bringing the EBS assets with it.  your suggestion that it might report to andy has some merit, but there may be other options.  what would you think if we established an investment committee consisting of me, rice, and delainey and made garland responsible to that group.  we would have all of the relevent business units represented and the p&l would ultimately be allocated to the one in which the investment originated.  do you think that would work?  it might go a long way to satisfying all constituents. 
 i have a question on my p&l.  how did the hedge book make money on change in price when it was long and the market went down? 
 I am sorry that I have not talked to Andrew, though I have called twice.  As I'm sure you know, lately I have been a little distracted.  I'll try to contact him next week.  Greg 
 sorry about that,  i forgot that the options are held in that book.  i dont have any questions. 
 Greg Whalley's four diamond level Astros tickets, plus parking pass, are available for the games listed below.  Please advise me, asap,  if you have an interest.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor x31935  COL  Wednesday, June 20 @ 7:05 p.m. CIN  Thursday, June 21 @ 7:05 p.m. 
  Subject: Whalley's Budget Meeting  Date:  Tuesday, June 12  Time:  11:00 a.m. CST  Location: EB32C2   Please notify me only if you are unable to attend.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor x31935 
 he's a trip 
 great job!! 
 Subject: Enron Wholesale Budget Meeting  Date:  Tuesday, June 19  Time:  11:00 a.m. CST  Location: EB32C2 
 would you have any interest? 
 how did my august position change?  i didn't trade any august today. 
 Sorry I took so long to respond, but if they are still interested, I would like to learn more about it. 
 Rebecca & Kelly,  For future correspondence, please also copy me on emails to Greg Whalley.  I check emails more frequently than Greg.  Many Thanks,  Liz 
 D'Arcy, please call me tomorrow morning to get on the calendar.  It's best in the future to copy me on all emails to Whalley for a faster response.  Many Thanks,  Liz 
 if i could only get IN the club, instead of being a mascot. 
 do you want me to mail a check, or what? 
 Mr. Piazze,  I'm Liz Taylor, Greg Whalley's Admin. Assistant.  We have spoken a few times in the past.  I have just a few questions concerning the event on December 13:   When in the evening will Greg give his speech? Who long is he scheduled to speak? Are you wanting him to have a slide presentation or just talk?  He promises to be entertaining (smile).  He really is a greater speaker, if I may say so. What is the dress code?   Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 I'll try to give you a call tomorrow 
 yes, we might be interested.  can we talk next week? 
 i don't know if you've heard yet.  maybe you should talk to lavorato.  my debt is currently trading at about 60-80 cents on the dollar. 
 Dan,  You and Greg are dining w/Greg Brady, President of I2 & Mark Skoda, CEO of Freight Matrix @ 7:00p.m. tomorrow night.  McCormick & Schmick's Seafood (713-840-7900) 1151 Uptown Park Blvd (between San Felipe & 610 Loop - Galleria Area) Reservation under: Whalley     Liz 
 Angie,  This is to confirm breakfast for Whalley, McClellan & Reck on Thursday, November 16 @ 6:30a.m. in the Spring House Cafe (ground floor) Hyatt Regency Hill Country Resort.  Many Thanks,  Liz 
 Here it is!  Your Enron Net Works Holiday Party Invitation.  Please click on the attached link to launch.  http://207.21.193.94/Extravaganza.html   Please contact my assistant, Liz Taylor @ x31935, should you experience any difficulty with the link.  Greg 
 Office of the Chairman - Enron Net Works LLC 
 you can laugh at me later for building this.  in the meantime, maybe you can use it. 
 have your lawyer call ours.  we probably need to test this position in court.  we need to set a benchmark for others who may be in this position. 
 Beth,  The mail room just dropped off your package about 30 minutes.  Liz Assistant to Greg Whalley 
 yes it does.  how have you been?  have the electricity shortages made it to Stanford? 
 heard a rumor that EIX may file for bankruptcy on wednesday. 
 Please launch the attached Holiday Party Announcement.  Online invitations to follow in a couple of weeks. 
 good idea.  i'll bring it up. 
 Please cancel Greg Whalley for the Exec. Impact & Influence Seminar for November 6 & 7.  Liz Taylor x31935 
 Charlene,  Which dates are the Super Saturday weekends for Associates?  I'm trying to= =20 get Whalley committed for an Associate Super Saturday.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 Jessica,  Please confirm w/Rosie when the polycoms and lucent phones will arrive in the conference room for floor 27.  Many Thanks,  Liz 
 Thank you very much!  Liz 
 Hi Bob,  I'll be sure to print your note out to Greg.  I have a couple of Enron folks wanting to come tomorrow.  Do you have two tickets left?  Liz 
 Marcela,  I emailed you a couple of days ago asking for the Tail # for the plane the Whalley's will be returning on Sunday.  Could you please furnish me with this information.  Many Thanks,  Liz 
 One more favor.  I'm arranging for a car to collect Greg & Mary Whalley on Sunday, Oct. 15.  Can you give me the tail # of that plane?  It helps the driver so very much.  Many Thanks,  Liz 
 Marcela,  I faxed it this morning.  Have you still not received?  Liz 
 They do look tight.  But after a $2 drop, you'd have to expect it to pinch. Seems like, unless things really fall out of bed, this spread should widen from here.  Even if the front stays relatively unchanged. 
 You didn't include the form in your email below.  Please do and I'll take care of it.  Liz Taylor 
 i'm sorry that i did not call you on friday with my credit card number to secure this charter.  i will call in the morning. 
 Rick,  I was able to speak w/Greg and Mike McConnell on your Napa Valley conference.  Unfortunately, Greg nor Mike are able to attend.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 Don,  Greg would love to see you.  What about lunch on the 13th?  (He's in PRC all day on the 12th)  Lets say 11:30a.m.   We're located at EB2801.  Take Care,  Liz 
 i would be happy to meet with him, but i need to know exactly when because my september schedule is pretty ugly.  we have talked with rappaport about their eNymex project, but they do seem to be struggling for strategy.  it is really surprising that they lost money.  how did it happen?  volume couldn't have been down, given all the volatility. 
 Sounds like a good idea to me 
 it might be a reasonable idea, as long as it isn't a weekly event 
 Mr. Nimocks,  Greg has decided that he would like to do the 90-minute panel.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 what do you know about this company?  i can get a meeting with the CEO.  they recently bought APL stacktrain unit to become fully intermodal.  i also think they are moving toward IPO. 
 Iain,  First, thank you for being so helpful with me on the phone.  Below is the information you requested for the Whalley home fax machine.  I would love to meet w/you to discuss an updated fax machine for Greg's at home office.   Greg & Mary Whalley 11110 Claymore Street Houston, TX  77024  (Memorial/Voss area off Hedwidg) HM#713-465-1641  The repair person can come any time tomorrow, Wednesday, 8/30.  However, a.m. works better for Mary Whalley.  Please give me a call when the rep. is scheduled to go out.  The machine is jamming and eating paper.  HP Office Jet Model #45W - MAX 50-60HZ 
 i want to make sure that the current bid of $12,115 for a round trip to turks and caicos is correct.  i would also like to find out what landing fees, international taxes and/or overnight hanger fees i will have to pay if i book this trip.  the note at the bottom of the "view trips" page also says that bids are subject to availability.  will availability be confirmed at the time i book the trip?  or will i have to wait some period of time to find out? 
 Mr. Nimocks,  Greg has committed to participate in the conference.  Give me until end-of-day tomorrow, for a format preference.  Many Thanks,  Liz 
 Robert,  We are diligently trying to increase our United Way participation. Currently, Net Works is only at 57% participation.  Listed below are employees in your department who have not gone online to make their pledge.  I'm asking you to personally all each of them today, and encourage them to make their pledge.  If any names listed below are not with your department, please notify Liz @ 31935.  Should they have problems getting online, please give Liz a call.  Thank You,  Greg  Cards Not Returned Amanda K Curless Cecilia Hankamer David Davies Debi K Vanwey Jennifer Richard Kathy McKay Laura Lara Mark Cruz Norma Yeverino Philip Conn Rebecca Quintana 
 George,  My Assistant, Liz Taylor, is the United Way Coordinator for Enron Net Works. Your group is listed with Net Works' United Way campaign.  Our participation numbers are very low.  We started yesterday with our telephone and personal visit campaign.  Liz has listed below the employees, she believes, belong to your organization.  These are the names of those employees who have not gone online to make their pledge.  Please have your Assistant verify this list. If they are indeed your employees, I'm asking you to personally call them and ask them to go online and make their pledge.  If any of the names listed below are not with your group, please have your assistant notify Liz.  Should they experience difficulties getting online, please call Liz @ 31935.   UnitedWay.Enron.com.  Thank you,  Greg Whalley   Amanda Becher Borgman, Karen (?) Bruce A. Martin Calvin Eakins Carmen Ayala Carolyn Wedel Cheryl Slone Craig H. Brown DAniel J. Olson Darin L. Carlisle Donna L. Ruff Eileen Buerkert Felicia Salewsky Glenn E. Lewis Jeff A. Leath Jonathan Goebel Kayla A. Heitmelyer Kenneth R. Smith Michael B. Kushner Randy K. Rice Ronald L. Smith Roy D. Hartstein Thomas O. Moore Tracy L. Ramsey 
 on my current trip request #382 it looks like someone is bidding it as a one way trip instead of a round trip.  can you check? 
 Mr. Nimocks,  How long are you wanting Greg to speak?  What's the format for the presentations?  Will there be a Q& A after the presentation?  Many Thanks,  Liz 
 I'm not still short QQQ.  I covered at 68 1/2 in the after market while we were on the phone, after the Florida supreme court statement.  The world has gone truly crazy about CA energy prices.  Not expecting any job changes due to the Skilling/Lay thing.  But a lot of people are giving me shit anyway.  The recent reorganization that gave me my current job was done so that Skilling wouldn't have to put anyone in the COO position. 
 Mr. Nimocks,  I don't know if you have spoken w/Greg as of yet.  However, I do know he is= =20 trying very hard to work this into his schedule.  I'll get w/him again=20 tomorrow morning for an answer.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor Exec. Assistant to Greg Whalley 
 what do you think of this? 
 the nymex has contacted us and we are discussing a possible relationship with eNymex.  we will keep you informed about what is going on 
 Greg Whalley will be in attendance.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Thank you.  You guys are great and fast !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 If you have plans to entertain customers or employee appreciation, we have the diamond level Astros tickets (4) available for:  Monday,  8/14 Tuesday,  8/15 Wednesday, 8/16  Please call Liz for assistance.  Greg 
 Joe,  I'm trying to get an answer for you.  Liz 
 Jay,  Yes he is.  I'll get something scheduled.  Liz 
 Greg Whalley will be in attendance.   The Net Works Presentation given by Greg Whalley & Louise Kitchen, will be on the 7th or 8th?  Many Thanks,  Liz    Enron North America Corp. 
 As you know, Enron=01,s United Way Executive Solicitation is well under way= . =20 August 9th is the target date to achieve 100% participation and finalize th= e=20 commitment from our executives and is also the date for the kick-off of the= =20 company wide drive.  We have a way to go to meet this objective.  Enron=01,= s=20 United Way goal for the year is $2.3 million (before the corporate match).= =20 ENW=01,s share of this goal is $161,700.  While these are aggressive goals,= they=20 are very doable, and if everyone contributes their fair share, we can easil= y=20 surpass these goals.=20  Along with focusing on meeting our financial goals, I=01,d like to have 100= %=20 participation throughout the organization.  This is especially important=20 among our executives.  We define "participation" as an employee who has=20 completed their pledge on-line and made a contribution, no matter what the= =20 level. =20 With the campaign going on-line with electronic pledging, I=01,ll need the= =20 support of you and your campaigners to increase participation levels across= =20 the ENW organization and reach our financial goals.  Whatever your decision= =20 regarding the level of your pledge, we need 100% participation from our=20 Executives in order to set a good example for the rest of ENW.  Your=20 contribution to the United Way will continue to make a difference in our=20 community.  When you give, you change a life right here in our community.  Please join me in setting the standard for ENW by giving generously and=20 getting your pledges in by August 9th.  Log-in to system on Netscape or Explorer  --  unitedway.enron.com   Many Thanks,  Greg Whalley 
