 a big number.  we found this while we were trying to find out why we are having a hard time getting a handle on funds flow. 
 can't be today.  maybe later this week. 
 Get some time on my calendar to go over some of this stuff either this week or next. It looks like you've accomplished a lot in redirecting our efforts.  we should talk about what happens next and where you see the major opportunities. Regarding your request for help, you don't need help to refuse to accept "dogs and cats" while the BU  tries to keep the good investments.  Just refuse to accept the garbage without conditions.  Don't waste too much time playing investment cop on the BUs.  You have more important things to do.  Also, refusing to negotiate with the BUs is like going on a hunger strike. 
 i would like to know the total number of trades, average number daily, total volume, and average daily volume for the second quarter 
 note that his problems are not really corporate.   he has problems with allocations from ENA and Europe. 
 what is a bullet swap? 
  anything you can find out about vitol would be interesting.  my fax # 713-853-1838 
 I will check into this.  I am really sorry.  if it hasn't been paid we'll fix it immediately.  greg 
 how did my august position change?  i didn't trade any august today. 
 would you have any interest? 
  Alex,  sorry we keep missing each other.  i understand you are out of the country this week.  give me a call when you get a chance.  you can reach me at any of the following numbers  work  713-853-5220 cell   713-992-0660 home 713-465-1641  i look forward to hearig from you.   Greg 
 they don't report to me, they report to mark 
  is that the same as "personal reasons" ?? 
 do you have an offer?  either individually or on the package? 
 test 
 Tom,  i really do understand your concern, and i will try to expedite this process as much as possible.  i'm sorry that all of this wasn't worked out prior to signing the merger, but we put it together rather quickly.  we have built an incredible energy franchise here and neither of us, Enron or Dynegy, wants it to falter.  i will get you as much information as i can, as soon as i can.  i would be happy to hear any ideas that you have on providing more stability sooner.  thanks for sending the note, and i apologize for the uncertainty.  greg 
 I would have to check to speak definitively on any clauses in his contract, but I don't believe there was a change of control provision.  I don't know of anyone other than Ken who has one.  There was some argument regarding andy's contract and payments that might be due under involuntary termination, but at this time we are not paying anything.  Andy was put on a leave of absence, and subsequently resigned.  We are still investigating the related party transactions.  Hope this helps. 
 I sincerely apologize if I said anything offensive, and really do appreciate everyone who is trying to help us solve our problems.  At this time we are suffering a severe crisis of investor confidence, and we were only trying to be honest about the things we have done as a company.  I certainly know as well as anyone else that many of these investment decisions were made by people who are long gone.  Hopefully those of us who are here can correct their mistakes.  I really do recognize and appreciate your work. 
 Wow!  this looks complicated.  let me get some help on this and get back to= you 
  =09HEEELLLLLLLPPP!!!!!! 
 dont know them 
 thanks for the offer.  i'll let you know 
 yes!!!  we could cancel it!!!! 
  I understand, but this is a difficult measure to build into a budget system, other than simply limiting the amount of capital you have available to meet your IBIT target.  We can't allow a dicision to cut IBIT by 90% and capital by 95% and call it a success.  The easiest way to control deployment of capital is thru a deal approval process. 
 GOOD JOB !! 
 Looks like it's going to 0. 
 I do think that more of the trades will ultimately have to be changed, but no one else has said anything yet. 
 No problem 
 Volume won't affect relative profitability.  It just scales the profit or loss.  Increasing the number of transactions always results in more profit. Increasing volume just makes the numbers bigger. 
 We looked into this, and I have another call with them tomorrow.  So far it looks like they are long the balance of the year. 
 your volume comparison chart is off by a factor of 10.  each contract is 1000 bbls. 
 i assumed it was intentional, but wanted to make sure.  for the moment it works, but if our volumes continue to rise, we need to move to absolute numbers 
 Joe,  I have slotted you 90 minutes w/Greg on Wednesday @ 4:00 p.m.  Greg is scheduled to participate in a Houston conference call @ 5:30 p.m.  You guys are connecting again for dinner.  Please let me know the time and location for dinner on Wednesday night.  Also, Greg says his schedule is open enough that he would like to hang out on the floor w/you and your guys.  He will be officing over by John Sherriff and the mobile number he's carrying is +44 7901516638.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 Hi Richard,  Per my voicemail, are you available for at least an hour to meet w/Greg Whalley while he is in London?  He is wide open on Thursday.  Please advise.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor - E.A. to Greg Whalley 
 What is the structured derivatives portfolio and what is in it? 
 Hi Matthew,  Greg will be in the London office from early Tuesday afternoon through end-of-business day on Thursday, June 7.  Are you available to meet w/him for about an hour? He's available Tuesday afternoon until 5:00 p.m.  Wednesday there are a few slots available, and Thursday he is wide open.  Please advise.  If you could e-mail me your availability that would be great.  Also, Greg will be carrying mobile number +44 7901516638.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 Hi Drew,  Greg will be in the London office from early Tuesday afternoon through end-of-business day on Thursday, June 7.  Are you available to meet w/him for about an hour? He's available Tuesday afternoon until 5:00 p.m.  Wednesday there are a few slots available, and Thursday he is wide open.  If you could e-mail me your availability that would be great.  Also, Greg will be carrying mobile number +44 7901516638.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 Fernley,  Per my voicemail, are you available to meet w/Greg Whalley on Thursday, June 5 for about an hour?  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 call liz and get on my calendar.  maybe we can grab lunch or something.  i heard about the ag meeting.  sounds like things could have gone better, but it also sounds like jeff was a little difficult.  he never has liked the notion of that business though.  i'll try to explain it next week.  greg 
 don't know about the relationship with dave,  you'll have to work on that one.  i will talk to stan, but i can't believe he has any interest in developing power plants anywhere.  Portland General did just get a dash approved for building about 45 mw in oregon.  Stan Horton called me about it, and he was going to have someone in Portland (i'll remember the name in a minute)  call tim belden about our fundamental analysis of the region. Stan also mentioned the there is an unregulated side of PGE that is enterring into these transactions.  He wondered if that part of PGE should belong in EWS.  Talk to tim and we'll decide how to approach that next week. 
 by this ratio the rest ot the power group is really underperforming!!!! 
 where are you right now?  i am in london.  are you around? 
 you should look into this.  not that there are necessarily violations, but there have to at least be questions.  i used to get a curve report that showed curve graphs on a volume bar chart.  have you looked at anything like that lately?  you can find problems with a pretty quick scan. 
 this announcement has not gone out for that reason.  we have had a number of discussions about it since this was drafted and there seems to be some concern about it being inside one of the business units since it is supposed to handle investments across the company and would be bringing the EBS assets with it.  your suggestion that it might report to andy has some merit, but there may be other options.  what would you think if we established an investment committee consisting of me, rice, and delainey and made garland responsible to that group.  we would have all of the relevent business units represented and the p&l would ultimately be allocated to the one in which the investment originated.  do you think that would work?  it might go a long way to satisfying all constituents. 
 i have a question on my p&l.  how did the hedge book make money on change in price when it was long and the market went down? 
 I am sorry that I have not talked to Andrew, though I have called twice.  As I'm sure you know, lately I have been a little distracted.  I'll try to contact him next week.  Greg 
 sorry about that,  i forgot that the options are held in that book.  i dont have any questions. 
 Greg Whalley's four diamond level Astros tickets, plus parking pass, are available for the games listed below.  Please advise me, asap,  if you have an interest.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor x31935  COL  Wednesday, June 20 @ 7:05 p.m. CIN  Thursday, June 21 @ 7:05 p.m. 
  Subject: Whalley's Budget Meeting  Date:  Tuesday, June 12  Time:  11:00 a.m. CST  Location: EB32C2   Please notify me only if you are unable to attend.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor x31935 
 he's a trip 
 great job!! 
 Subject: Enron Wholesale Budget Meeting  Date:  Tuesday, June 19  Time:  11:00 a.m. CST  Location: EB32C2 
 would you have any interest? 
 how did my august position change?  i didn't trade any august today. 
 Sorry I took so long to respond, but if they are still interested, I would like to learn more about it. 
 I'll try to give you a call tomorrow 
 heard a rumor that EIX may file for bankruptcy on wednesday. 
 They do look tight.  But after a $2 drop, you'd have to expect it to pinch. Seems like, unless things really fall out of bed, this spread should widen from here.  Even if the front stays relatively unchanged. 
 Sounds like a good idea to me 
 I'm not still short QQQ.  I covered at 68 1/2 in the after market while we were on the phone, after the Florida supreme court statement.  The world has gone truly crazy about CA energy prices.  Not expecting any job changes due to the Skilling/Lay thing.  But a lot of people are giving me shit anyway.  The recent reorganization that gave me my current job was done so that Skilling wouldn't have to put anyone in the COO position. 
