er poor job performance I would like to submit the following commentary:  Heidi's phone coverage is still very inadequate.  I have had two discussions with her in the last 2 weeks regarding this.  She consistently does not take messages properly.  Most of the time all she tells us is the person's first name and that they are holding.  When she does get the last name it is incorrect at least half of the time.  She rarely gets the company name, and when she does it is incorrect or mispelled.  The kitchen areas continue to be unkept and dirty.  She has started to put the dishes in the dishwasher but she rarely unloads them.  If she does it is after they have been in there for days.  We continue to run out of office supplies and she does not consistently monitor the office needs.   In summary, Heidi's performance has improved some since August 14 but that improvement is not seen on a consistent basis.  She has not elevated her performance to the level which is required to manage the office. 
 that's great! 
 Thanks alot.  Look forward to working with you. 
 Have a great time!  Great to hear from you. 
 Looks great!  Walk to the slopes, liquor stoe right below, bar acroo the street.  It is right in the middle of the Lionshead village. 
 Barry is suggesting that we call David Oxley and make sure he got our Fed ex.  Probably late morning. 
 Probably not. 
 We are getting paid to si and do nothing..  Now I know what it feels like to be Bujnoch. 
 Though tyou would find this interesting.  You might want to get added to this email list. 
 mwhitt abc5defg 
 Things are getting bad. 
 I am sitting in on this.  They are telling us what we need to do to get money in the current enviornment. 
 Let's discuss. 
 Potentially I have a job, reallisticly I don't! 
 Phone number  281-366-4965 
 Can I change my delivery option to expedited ground? 
  This is what I sent Doug. 
 Please email us the proper forms and the Process Diagram for the payment requests. Theresa Staab will be the point person for the Denver office and I will be her backup.   Mark Whitt 303-575-6473 Cell 	     303-807-3961  Theresa Staab 303-575-6485 Cell                 303-807-6131 
 FYI This will be the cash payment process. 
  Whos hsould we send this to? 
 I have not heard anything from Kevin or Clifford.  Have you spoken to either one of them? 
 We are at 1200 17th ST. Suite 2750.  The building is the Tabor Center.  Kevin Williams 303-674-9782  Clifford Hickey 303 298- 1000  I will lwt you know if I hear back form them.  But it is a good idea if you give them a call.  You may have seen the Qwest announcements yesterday.  Not good.  7,000 more layoffs.  See you monday. 
 Please approve the attached invoices for Qwest.  These bills need to be paid in order to keep the Denver office phones operating.  Mark Whitt 
 Thanks alot. 
 Did you talk to the agency? 
 I received an invoice from Corestaff for the day that Christina worked.  Do I need to do something with the invoice, or will she be paid automatically? 
 NO just FYI. 
 Nice and simple.  I like that.  Have a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.  Have you though about applying for the ND position.  You can lie on your resume as good as anybody! 
 The play was great!  Always fun to be the proud father.  We enjoyed having you and would love to do it again.  Stay in touch!  Mark 
 Thanks for the call.  Please find my attached resume. 
 Everything is ok, just boring.  Went to the Diamond cabaret for lunch.  We are heading to Texas for Xmas but I doubt we will get to Houston.  Interviewing alot but also waiting on the sale.  We have been promised it will be a good deal.  Oh well, not much else to do.  Take care and thanks for the note. 
 Please save this attachment.  It is my resume and I would like to have it with me during the holidays in case I need to send it out.  Thanks,  Mark 
 The place to find the tarriff is at  http://www.mtpower.com/rates/Gas/offsystemgtc.pdf 
 Sam, We will be moving to our new office space on Monday December 3rd. We will need you to help move our computers and install our new network equipment. Please direct bill our cost center for all of the expenses incurred for your services. Please contact me if you have any questions. Thanks Mark Whitt Cost Center # 107322 Company # 0413 
 I have to do a presentation on Spark Spreads for NOv 8th.  I need your help putting it together and probably running the presentation for me.  This may have some good info. 
 I will be out the 19th but should be in the 20th.  Amy Felling should be your contact on the 19th.  She is most familiar with our computer systems.  The Enron North America offices are at 1200 17th St. Suite 2750 in Downtown Denver. The office is over 9,000 Square Feet but is currently under construction in order to sublease approximately half of that space. We currently have 6 employees. I believe that you have copied all of the Enron offices that I know of.  The only other potential office is EOTT.  Let me know if you need anything else. 
 I can't pull up. 
  Please Review and let's discuss next steps.  I would like to have the physical guys you met recently give this the smell test. 
  Let's discuss 
 I am ready when you are. 
 I can't believe they are going to stop the employees from managing their investments through such a turbulent time.  This will be a case study in how not to do things. 
 Barry it looks reasonable to me.  I sure would like to add something sizable to the totals for Q4.  But I'm a pig that way! 
 Not Bad 
 Can you see what this is and how we approve it?  Thanks 
 I don't have a problem with it.  I think he would be as good or better of a trader as some of the "kids" I have seen down there losing $30 MM.  At least he has some concept of the physical market and how it works.  I would think to get the best value he would have to be located in Houston for that role.  Especially if Steve wants to "pick his brains". 
  The meeting will be around 1:00.  Just come to our office at 1200 17th St. Suite 2750.  Then we will go over to Crestone office. I anticipate that the meeting will last about an hour to an hour and half.  Mark 
 I spoke with Dale Sanders at Williams today.  They seem very positive about the project at this point and have obviously spent a lot of money on right -of-way, regulatory filings, enviornmental and engineering work.  I had previously put this project at a very low probablility, especially with the 900 MM/d Kern expansion in 2003.  I did not think that they would be able to get Williams Marketing to take a substantial part of this capacity.  However, they are making the production company bear the costs of the capacity.  Obviously that is the key to Williams being able to have a shot at making this project a reality.  Williams is in negotiaitions to fill the other 175,000 mmbtu/d.  I have to put that probability at still fairly low, but stranger things have happened, especially if Williams decides to go at risk for some portion of the 540 MM/d.  Probably the entire project is still less than 50% but it is obviously something to monitor very closely.  If the project gets built it will substantially effect the basis market for CIG and Northwest.  Especially on the heels of the Kern River expansion. In addition, the Cheyenne market will definitely strengthen in the back years.  Call if you want to discuss or have other ideas about how to monitor these developments. 
 I am never big on utility guys.  This guy seems to be very focused on Sumas compared to U.S. supplies.  I think he is a want to be trader who got out of hand at a utility. 
 Are they going to build it if it is not fully subscribed?  Or is Williams going to take the risk?  I wonder why Entergy is taking space? 
 Sam, We will be moving to our new office space on Monday December 3rd. We will need you to help move our computers and install our new network equipment. Please direct bill our cost center for all of the expenses incurred for your services. Please contact me if you have any questions. Thanks Mark Whitt Cost Center # 107322 Company # 0413 
 Can you find out wha the average rental income is on one like this? 
 I didn't think you ever wore a bra! 
 Anytime. 
 That seems really high!  What can we do to lower that? 
 Please check inot this 
 Either time is good.  How long do you need. 
 Really well.  We are probably going to have another meeting on the 30th of October.  Jake Thomas and Steve Walton are going to attend. 
 I forwarded them our comments and characterized them as being supportive. 
