orwarded to your line for the required hours.  You will receive phone calls from the power pool or the plant on this line.  ?	The number for the plant is 780-960-7803 and the number for the power pool is 403-233-7403.  You will have to access the power pool ETS website in case an energy restatement of our Sundance units is needed.  This most likely won't happen.  In case it does, the site is www.powerpool.ab.ca.   [You must Login (top right hand corner) as John A. Zufferli-this MUST be done on my computer.  Click on ETS, then Submission.] - our passwords are not currently working...so... you can call the Alberta powerpool for help. You can then restate the offers of SD3 and SD4 as required. Unless something changes you will need to fax the resubmission to Alberta Power Pool and have them resubmit it.  ?	If you have any problems you can reach Bill Greenizan at 620-1180 or his pager at  billgreenizan@epagenet.net.  PLEASE CALL ME WITH QUESTIONS! Thanks,  Bill 
 I am available at any point this morning, including now. B 
 Virginia,  I spoke with Mike Swerzbin and Mike Driscoll this morning regarding an annuity from ST-Whourly to LT-NW to compensate LT-NW for energy at Montana that was not sold on June 4th.  ST-Whourly will pay LT-NW our average hourly price per mw for that energy.  That price is $23 per mw.  Please revise the annuity as appropriate. If you have any questions, please come see myself or Mike.  Thank you,  Bill 
 Group, Please continue our policy of NOT buying energy from or selling energy to the California Imbalance.  I do not feel comfortable with the many risks associated with these transactions at this time (financial, physical, legal, political).  Please see me on an individual basis with questions or discussion regarding this.  Thanks, Bill 
 Good morning, Hope you had a great holiday!  Bill 
 Kate, We are missing an ID-S from ST-WBOM to ST-CALI for Saturday.  We sold 50 mws to ST-CALI at $42.89.  This should be the same as Friday's deal #683947.  We either need a new deal for Saturday or need to make Friday's on-peak deal carry over into Saturday.  If you are changing the Friday deal you need to do it before the flash, otherwise if you make a new deal for Saturday you should have some time.  Thanks for the help.  Bill 
 Kate, Good morning, hope you had a good weekend. I have run the SAR for Friday's West-BOM piece.  The SAR and INC sheet are matching if the 42 mw purchase from the imbalance at $44 is factored in--Remember, we were cut for HE 10 when Palo Verde 2 went down, this is a RT cut and is not in CAPS. Please make sure that the $44 is accounted for under ST-WBOM in the Volume Management flash.  You may want to walk over and "remind" them of this.  I am running the SAR for Saturday through Monday.  Hopefully everything will work.  If you need anything over the next few days, give me a call on my cell. John Anderson will be in at 8.  Could you also look into getting him set up with his access to our systems.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  We are long on Sunday.  15 mws for HE 12-20 at NP15 in PGE3 at $25.  I made the deals as DA schedules in CAPS.  I have made the purchase from the APX and the sale to imbalance (#685979, #685978).  We are long on Monday.  Shaped schedule.  Price of $35.  HE 10:	35 HE 11:	30 HE 12:	25 HE 13-17: 15 HE 18: 10 HE 19-21: 15  I have made the purchase from APX and the sale to the imbalance in Enpower (#685980,685981). Schedules are in CAPS under ST-WBOM.  Templates have been submitted Day ahead.  Please make real-time purchases from the Calimbalance and corresponding sales under ST-WBOM in Enpower during real time.  Please call me with questions. 503-887-3449  Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  I will be out of the office visiting CDWR, SMUD and NCPA on Monday through Wednesday.  I should be back Wednesday afternoon.  You can reach me on my cell phone if you need.  Thanks, Bill 
 I am working on getting Nate's email. I will try to get him to show up at indoor on Monday. B 
 Group, A quick note regarding Pace transmission reservations on their oasis sites.  We have recently paid PACE $57,000 for transmission in May that we reserved but did not flow.  PACE says that their transmission is on a take or pay basis.  My contention is that we may have reserved the transmission, but then attempted to remove it immediately (wrong hour, wrong mw value on the submission etc.) and were unable to, or were told by the dispatcher that the dispatcher would take care of it.   Then nothing happens.  There are two things we need to do to prevent this.  One: Submit our transactions correctly the first time.  Then withdraw them immediately through the Pacificorp Oasis system if there is a problem.  Two: Send me an email each time the dispatchers remove requests on our behalf, or if We/PAC are/is unable to take the request out of their computer system.  Hopefully, this will prevent the extra charges, or give us a means to pull tapes and contest the charges.  Thanks for your help in limiting these egregious expenses  Bill 
 Green Room,  Granted, I missed the last game and though I may not deserve to present an opinion given my lengthy stay on the reserve list, I also favor the move to D1.  I think better competition will be more fun, provided that we field a full team (speaking mostly at myself here) on a consistent basis.  I have started playing again and am hoping to be back for the Fall season, I also know another player-Nate Stanton (he has played with a few of us in indoor)-who is interested in playing and is a bit quicker and better than myself.  So for what it's worth.  D1 all the way.  Thanks.  B 
 Kate,  This is the last message from the total transfer capabilities folks.  I would like you to find this information and distill the relevant information from it.  We can go through what constitutes relevant information this afternoon.  I am working on adding you to the market status list, this will provide you with market information regarding real-time derates or market orders.  Finally, I would recommend printing the CAISO tariff off and reading it over the weekend or next few weeks.  Boring, but important.  B 
 Kristie,  Hello. How are you? What are you doing these days? I hope you are doing well. It has been a while to say the least, but the other day Brendan and I were talking about college and your name came up (oddly enough). I mentioned that I hadn't talked to you for over two years, and was curious what you were up to.  Brendan said he might have your old email address, so I asked for it and figured I would drop you a note.  I hope you don't mind.  Anyway I am still living in Portland but I am no longer practicing metallurgical engineering.  I began trading power about a year and a half ago for Enron.  I now manage the  west hourly power trading group. The job is great, very challenging and everchanging, though I don't believe my company is too popular down your way right now (you are in San Francisco, right?)...  My job consumes my time, but I am still playing soccer and still riding that same loud red motorcycle around when I have a chance. I just bought my first home, its a condominium downtown next to the Portland Art Museum.  The place is definitely small but has a lot of character.  It was an old hotel, originally built in 1926, that has just been gutted and refurbished.  It is about eight blocks from my office at the World Trade Center, so walking to work in the mornings is great.  The city is still asleep and eerily quiet in the morning twilight when I walk to work.  The walk helps wake me up and gets me prepared for the morning rush on the trading floor.  So, if you have a chance drop me a line and let me know how you are. This email address of mine works (though everything on it is subject to subpoena by the good state of California), or you can give me a call at 503-887-3449. I'd love to hear from you and catch up a bit, as I often wonder what you are up to.  Take care.  Bill 
 John, Here are the remaining hourly traders.  Bill Williams Ryan Slinger Holden Salisbury Geir Solberg Bert Meyers Craig Dean Casey Anderson Mike Mier  Let me know if you need anything else...  Bill 
 Check this out...you should read Liar's Poker by Michael Lewis, and Den of Thieves. Good stuff.   He notes that Enron management lacked an 'honor among thieves,' but predicts that Enron alumni will flourish. I suspect he is working on the Enron book right now.---sch Is Enron the New Drexel? By Michael Lewis, the author of ``Liar's Poker'' and ``The New New Thing.'' Berkeley, California, Dec. 20 (Bloomberg) -- Enron Corp. is rapidly expanding the American business journalists' notion of what is possible: No story can ever again be said to be too outrageous to be true. The boss, Kenneth Lay, was a friend of the current president of these United States, an adviser to his administration and one of his biggest financial backers. The company itself was rated ``strong buy'' by analysts at almost every Wall Street firm, considered a shining example of modern accounting by reputable accounting firms, and plugged endlessly by the business press. Six years running as Fortune's most innovative company! And all the while this same operation was, at the very top, a lie. Understandably, people long for some analogy to help them grasp this situation, but really there isn't a good one. Other than failed hedge fund Long-Term Capital Management, Michael Milken's junk bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert offers the closest parallels on Wall Street, and several people have written to me over the past week to suggest it. But it really is unfair to Milken to compare him to Lay. Alumni Will Flourish True, in both cases profitable trading businesses collapsed because their creditors came to distrust the people who ran them. And in both cases the core business -- Drexel's junk bonds and Enron's energy trading -- remain viable in the hands of other companies that banks trust. Just as the Drexel junk bond traders who didn't go to jail went to other Wall Street firms and created replicas of their former business, former Enron traders will soon be making lots of money for one-time rivals such as Dynegy Inc. and Duke Energy Corp. Well before Kenneth Lay emerges from his legal hell, the energy trading business will return to normal. But the morality of the cases are entirely different. Whatever you think of Milken's junk bond department -- and I think its sins were minor beside its achievements -- you must admit the people in it exhibited a certain honor among thieves. There was never a moment when Milken betrayed the broad interests of his traders for his own narrow ones. He paid himself huge sums of money, but he also made huge sums for his firm. He was careful to watch out for the little people who worked for him, and they loved him for it. The Enron bosses, by contrast, pillaged their firm and left the little people who worked for them holding the bag. Different Motivations Enron created the illusion that it was much more profitable than it actually was. Milken created an operation which was, if anything, much more profitable than it looked. What Milken hid was the thuggish manner in which he made his profits. What Enron hid was the sneaky way it made its losses. (This is something I still don't understand, and would love for some enterprising reporter to explain, as Enron seems intent on explaining nothing. The off-the-books partnerships that brought Enron down appear to have been a mechanism for hiding bad investments in hard assets -- Turkish gas pipelines, Indian power plants and the like. Why did Enron, which made its money as an intermediary, invest in this stuff in the first place?) The speed with which the markets have punished Enron reflects the differences between it and Drexel. In Drexel's case, it took a multiyear investigation by the U.S. government, together with a smear campaign in the press, to bring down the business. In Enron's case, all it took was a couple of articles in the Wall Street Journal pointing out, among other things, that senior executives were profiting at the company's expense. In Drexel's case, the demise of the firm and the jailing of Milken was pretty much the end of the story. In Enron's, the fate of the company and its leaders may open up a much bigger scandal that reaches right up to the top. Anything is possible. 
 The CAISO has a new website.  The link below should take you there.  Workspace can be accessed by clicking SCW.  Congestion can be found under the Transmission tab on the far right. Please take some time to become familiar with the new site.   http://oasis.caiso.com/ 
 I apologize for the "glaring".  b 
 One more time. We have also bought HE 21 and HE 22 from the APX.  We bought 20 mws at $32 for HE 21 and 23 mws at $30 for HE 22. No more messages. 
 We have also bought HE 10 and HE 11 from the APX.  We bought 35 mws for HE 10 at $35, and 31 mws for HE 11 at $35. 
 Group,  We are short 50 mws in ST-WBOM at $42.88 for HE 7-22 Friday and Saturday in SP-15.    I have picked up some shaped mws from the APX for the afternoon peak on Friday.  These pieces will need to be scheduled with the APX as the counterparty for HE 12-20.  HE 12: 26 mws HE 13: 23 mws HE 14: 20 mws HE 15: 17 mws HE 16: 18 mws HE 17: 16 mws HE 18: 17 mws HE 19: 20 mws HE 20: 19 mws Price is $35.  ST-CALI is also 25 mws short both days on-peak.    Thanks, Bill 
 Sounds great. 
 Group,  The baseball game will be on Thursday July 26th, NOT Monday July 16th.  Gates open at 6:30.  Refreshments and pizza will be provided. Everyone should plan to attend.  Please let me know if you cannot.  Thanks, Bill 
 Due to the relatively weak real-time market during morning hours, we wanted to communicate a strategy for dec. bidding or buying-back generation that you've sold forward.  We want to stress that this is a relatively short-term strategy.  As the weather turns cold during the late-Autumn and Winter months, the morning hours actually trade at a premium on the real-time market.  Lately, HE1-10 have been very weak real-time, ranging between $25 and $40.  We have two strategies that we would like to suggest: Group, We have two important items regarding the services and asset management side of our business.  First, The CAISO has been calling repeatedly regarding outages.  We will continue to call the CAISO for every outage (including when Black Hills goes down 200 kWh).  Donna has worked closely with the CAISO regarding their new tariff and her information appears below.  It is very important that we do not expose ourselves to charges by not notifying the CAISO of an outage.  Second, We will be working with the generators to execute buy-backs or supplemental dec. bids when market conditions warrant.  Stan has written an email to the generators also detailed below.  Stan and Chris will be contacting the generators over the next few days to review this email with them.  Afterwards the Real-Time group will contact the generators and initiate one of the two strategies when profitable.  Real-Time will retain 50% of the profits over the generator's day ahead profits.  Please let me know if you have any questions or feedback.  Thanks,  Bill   __________________________________________________________________________  I have reviewed documents from the ISO's website regarding forced outages as they relate to the June 19 FERC order and concluded the following:  (1) During a System Emergency, a penalty based on twice the highest price paid for energy in the hour could be assessed if the Participating Generator does not notify the ISO of the outage within the operating hour of the outage, and  (2) During a Non-System Emergency, a generator could be assessed a penalty if it fails to report the forced outage within the operating hour.  If you have any questions at all, I can be reached at extension 7733.  Thanks, Donna  __________________________________________________________________________  1.  Decremental Supplemental Bids We can submit dec. bids to the ISO at a price below your cost to generate.  Basically, we would be letting the ISO know that we're willing to reduce generation and actually buy the mw's from the ISO to cover the prescheduled quantity.  You are still paid the day-ahead price for the day-ahead quantity, but instead of generating it, you would be buying it from the ISO.  For example, if your cost to generate is $40, and you sell day-ahead for $50, you make $10/MWh.  If the ISO takes the decremental bid, and the price is $30, then you make $20/MWh.  Advantages - A relatively large upside, the price the ISO charges could actually go negative, as large as negative $91.87.  Also, you would actually be buying from the ISO, as opposed to selling to the ISO and being subject to credit risk.  Disadvantages - Ten minute dispatch.  When we submit decremental bids, the ISO has the option to either reduce or increase output of the unit every 10 minutes.  In addition to the physical problems this might create, the settlements statement you receive might be relatively elaborate and possibly difficult to follow.  2.  Buying-Back Blocks in the Bi-Lateral Market: This strategy calls for our real-time traders to buy blocks of energy in the bi-lateral market for below your cost to generate.  This would call for you to reduce your generation, and the energy we buy-back in the real-time market would be used to fill your prescheduled quantity.  Once again, you are still paid the day-ahead price for the day-ahead quantity, but instead of generating it, you would be buying it at the price paid to buy-back the energy.   As in the previous example, if your cost to generate is $40, and you sell day-ahead for $50, you make $10/MWh.  If we can buy-back the energy for a price of $30, then you make $20/MWh.   Additionally, if we do buy-back the energy, we will need to simultaneously submit incremental supplemental bids to the ISO to remain compliant with the FERC order.  Then, if the ISO takes the incremental bid, you can generate the power and sell for additional profit.  Advantages - No 10 minute dispatch (unless a supplemental bid is accepted).  You would know exactly when and for how long the unit would be down or reduced.  Also, the settlements statements would be relatively easy to manage.  Disadvantage - Not as large of an up-side as decremental bidding.  At this point in time we would encourage you to start with the strategy #2, buying-back blocks of energy in the bi-lateral market.  Once you and our real-time traders get comfortable with the operations of the strategy, then we should move forward and start submitting decremental supplemental bids to the ISO.  We propose a 50/50 profit split, above your day-ahead profit, earned from either of these two strategies.  If you have any questions or comments please call myself or Chris Foster.  Stan Cocke 
 Donna,  This brings us back to the age-old question.  During an emergency, how we can tell what the highest price paid for energy by California is?  Their market clearing price does not include all the spot market energy that they purchase.  The CISO has acknowledged buying well over the artificially low federal price cap from in-state muni's (LDWP, SMUD, etc.) but none of this information is passed on in a timely fashion.  And what qualifies one counterparty for a penalty, and another counterparty for a "do-over" (could be assessed)?  We will continue our practice of notifying the CAISO as soon as possible regarding outages.  Thank you for the information and the follow-up.  Bill 
 Sara, Check this story out, this is from a guy on our floor.  He's a summer inter= n...and this is his Tuesday morning story.  Incidentally I was standing dir= ectly in front of the old women picking out some green onions for my omelet= when all hell broke loose.  I took about three steps back and wandered tow= ards the kitchen in search of a fire extinguisher.  Didn't find one, and li= ke Scott (the intern) was a bit disappointed in my reactions...ah well.    I don't usually send out a group email, but listen to this shit.  So I am s= itting at work this morning minding my own business when all hell breaks lo= ose.  It is about 630am, and most of the trading has subsided for the morni= ng.  I decide to grab the first ham and cheese omelet from the women that a= re serving our breakfast this morning because who knows how long the food w= ill last...today is a special day because we get a fresh cooked breakfast f= rom a propane grill as opposed to the green eggs and ham that we are used t= o because no one wants to get up at 3am and cook a fresh breakfast for Enro= n employees, they usually cook it the night before. So, everyone on the flo= or is very excited and pumped up about the possibility of grabbing a nice b= reakfast without having the fear that later in the afternoon your ass would= wreak havoc on you for eating the nasty green eggs.  So, I grab the first = omelet and the crowd surges toward the two 70 year-old women at the grill. = Everyone is smiling, deciding whether or not they want ham or maybe they w= ill get crazy and add salsa or something.  The next thing you know, straigh= t out of a FOX tv show or "You've Gotta See This" episode...this old woman = is engulfed in flames like the great fire of Chicago.  The propane tanks he= ating the stove exploded and the flames are high and wide, raising up to te= n feet in height.  The place turns into a frenzy. Nobody can move, react, o= r anything.  Everyone is frozen watching this old woman(picture happy Gilmo= re's grandma) go up like an old Christmas tree.  A few seconds before this = high school chemistry experiment, I was sitting on the first row right in t= he middle and I was staring at my two liquid display computer terminals and= glancing at the sports ticker on ESPN2 on the 50inch Liquid FlatScreen TV = that is directly above my desk. The old woman that went into flames is dire= ctly in front of me, about a literal three feet away and I am directly faci= ng the inferno along with a co-worker who is catching the blunt of the heat= of the flames. I don't save the old woman like most of you might have thou= ght, I can't do anything but shout obscenities and wonder who the hell is g= oing to jump in there and save this poor lady.  The old woman is yelling ,"= Somebody get me outta here!"...yet we all continue to stare.....finally, so= meone grabs her arm and yanks her out of the blaze.  Who is this masked man= , I have no clue.  However, I do witness Les from middle marketing doing hi= s best Maurice Greene directly for the fire extinguisher of which he is the= only one in the office that has a clue where it is. I see someone throwing= a pitcher of egg yolk on the fire earlier, which is funny, if not for the = fact that an old lady is missing half of her hair and her arms are about to= blister up.  The blaze is extinguished after taking a hell of a toll on th= e old woman, ruining the flat screen tv that used to sit above me, and torc= hing a bunch of cabinets and the backs of computer screens.  The alarm in o= ur building 3 World Trade Center is screaming, and the smoke is enough to m= ake even Polarek leave the area.  So, the fire departemnt comes and the old= woman is now out of the building and on her way to the hospital.  Who know= s what condition she is in, but all I know is I hope I am never around a bu= nch of vaginas(myself and the rest of us that did nothing) when I go up in = flames someday.  Well, I have to get back to work because I have wasted abo= ut 20 minutes writing this drama.  Take care, Scotty   Pretty good story huh?  Different morning.  Things are going well here in P= ortland other than the omelette fires.  When do you get in to Seattle? Take care and enjoy your last month in Colorado...  Bill 
 Scott, =09This is from a guy on our floor.  He's a summer intern...and this is his= Tuesday morning story.  Incidentally I was standing directly in front of t= he old women picking out some green onions for my omelet when all hell brok= e loose.  I took about three steps back and wandered towards the kitchen in= search of a fire extinguisher.  Didn't find one, and like Scott (the inter= n) was a bit disappointed in my reactions...ah well.    I don't usually send out a group email, but listen to this shit.  So I am s= itting at work this morning minding my own business when all hell breaks lo= ose.  It is about 630am, and most of the trading has subsided for the morni= ng.  I decide to grab the first ham and cheese omelet from the women that a= re serving our breakfast this morning because who knows how long the food w= ill last...today is a special day because we get a fresh cooked breakfast f= rom a propane grill as opposed to the green eggs and ham that we are used t= o because no one wants to get up at 3am and cook a fresh breakfast for Enro= n employees, they usually cook it the night before. So, everyone on the flo= or is very excited and pumped up about the possibility of grabbing a nice b= reakfast without having the fear that later in the afternoon your ass would= wreak havoc on you for eating the nasty green eggs.  So, I grab the first = omelet and the crowd surges toward the two 70 year-old women at the grill. = Everyone is smiling, deciding whether or not they want ham or maybe they w= ill get crazy and add salsa or something.  The next thing you know, straigh= t out of a FOX tv show or "You've Gotta See This" episode...this old woman = is engulfed in flames like the great fire of Chicago.  The propane tanks he= ating the stove exploded and the flames are high and wide, raising up to te= n feet in height.  The place turns into a frenzy. Nobody can move, react, o= r anything.  Everyone is frozen watching this old woman(picture happy Gilmo= re's grandma) go up like an old Christmas tree.  A few seconds before this = high school chemistry experiment, I was sitting on the first row right in t= he middle and I was staring at my two liquid display computer terminals and= glancing at the sports ticker on ESPN2 on the 50inch Liquid FlatScreen TV = that is directly above my desk. The old woman that went into flames is dire= ctly in front of me, about a literal three feet away and I am directly faci= ng the inferno along with a co-worker who is catching the blunt of the heat= of the flames. I don't save the old woman like most of you might have thou= ght, I can't do anything but shout obscenities and wonder who the hell is g= oing to jump in there and save this poor lady.  The old woman is yelling ,"= Somebody get me outta here!"...yet we all continue to stare.....finally, so= meone grabs her arm and yanks her out of the blaze.  Who is this masked man= , I have no clue.  However, I do witness Les from middle marketing doing hi= s best Maurice Greene directly for the fire extinguisher of which he is the= only one in the office that has a clue where it is. I see someone throwing= a pitcher of egg yolk on the fire earlier, which is funny, if not for the = fact that an old lady is missing half of her hair and her arms are about to= blister up.  The blaze is extinguished after taking a hell of a toll on th= e old woman, ruining the flat screen tv that used to sit above me, and torc= hing a bunch of cabinets and the backs of computer screens.  The alarm in o= ur building 3 World Trade Center is screaming, and the smoke is enough to m= ake even Polarek leave the area.  So, the fire departemnt comes and the old= woman is now out of the building and on her way to the hospital.  Who know= s what condition she is in, but all I know is I hope I am never around a bu= nch of vaginas(myself and the rest of us that did nothing) when I go up in = flames someday.  Well, I have to get back to work because I have wasted abo= ut 20 minutes writing this drama.  Take care, Scotty   =09Hope you liked the show last night. =09Take it easy. B 
 This is from a guy on our floor.  He's a summer intern...and this is his Tu= esday morning story.  Incidentally I was standing directly in front of the = old women picking out some green onions for my omelet when all hell broke l= oose.  I took about three steps back and wandered towards the kitchen in se= arch of a fire extinguisher.  Didn't find one, and like Scott (the intern) = was a bit disappointed in my reactions...ah well.    I don't usually send out a group email, but listen to this shit.  So I am s= itting at work this morning minding my own business when all hell breaks lo= ose.  It is about 630am, and most of the trading has subsided for the morni= ng.  I decide to grab the first ham and cheese omelet from the women that a= re serving our breakfast this morning because who knows how long the food w= ill last...today is a special day because we get a fresh cooked breakfast f= rom a propane grill as opposed to the green eggs and ham that we are used t= o because no one wants to get up at 3am and cook a fresh breakfast for Enro= n employees, they usually cook it the night before. So, everyone on the flo= or is very excited and pumped up about the possibility of grabbing a nice b= reakfast without having the fear that later in the afternoon your ass would= wreak havoc on you for eating the nasty green eggs.  So, I grab the first = omelet and the crowd surges toward the two 70 year-old women at the grill. = Everyone is smiling, deciding whether or not they want ham or maybe they w= ill get crazy and add salsa or something.  The next thing you know, straigh= t out of a FOX tv show or "You've Gotta See This" episode...this old woman = is engulfed in flames like the great fire of Chicago.  The propane tanks he= ating the stove exploded and the flames are high and wide, raising up to te= n feet in height.  The place turns into a frenzy. Nobody can move, react, o= r anything.  Everyone is frozen watching this old woman(picture happy Gilmo= re's grandma) go up like an old Christmas tree.  A few seconds before this = high school chemistry experiment, I was sitting on the first row right in t= he middle and I was staring at my two liquid display computer terminals and= glancing at the sports ticker on ESPN2 on the 50inch Liquid FlatScreen TV = that is directly above my desk. The old woman that went into flames is dire= ctly in front of me, about a literal three feet away and I am directly faci= ng the inferno along with a co-worker who is catching the blunt of the heat= of the flames. I don't save the old woman like most of you might have thou= ght, I can't do anything but shout obscenities and wonder who the hell is g= oing to jump in there and save this poor lady.  The old woman is yelling ,"= Somebody get me outta here!"...yet we all continue to stare.....finally, so= meone grabs her arm and yanks her out of the blaze.  Who is this masked man= , I have no clue.  However, I do witness Les from middle marketing doing hi= s best Maurice Greene directly for the fire extinguisher of which he is the= only one in the office that has a clue where it is. I see someone throwing= a pitcher of egg yolk on the fire earlier, which is funny, if not for the = fact that an old lady is missing half of her hair and her arms are about to= blister up.  The blaze is extinguished after taking a hell of a toll on th= e old woman, ruining the flat screen tv that used to sit above me, and torc= hing a bunch of cabinets and the backs of computer screens.  The alarm in o= ur building 3 World Trade Center is screaming, and the smoke is enough to m= ake even Polarek leave the area.  So, the fire departemnt comes and the old= woman is now out of the building and on her way to the hospital.  Who know= s what condition she is in, but all I know is I hope I am never around a bu= nch of vaginas(myself and the rest of us that did nothing) when I go up in = flames someday.  Well, I have to get back to work because I have wasted abo= ut 20 minutes writing this drama.  Take care, Scotty   Enjoyable or what? Give me a call and let me know what is up.  Bill=20 503-274-0502 503-887-3449 cell 
 Group, Volume management needs us to create customer finals by 3AM each night in CAPS or FSP.  The details are below. Please see me with feedback or questions. Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  We are short 50 mws in SP-15 for HE 7-22 on Wednesday at $61.44.  Please purchase this 50 mws under ST-WBOM.  St-Cali is short 50 mws in SP-15 for HE 7-22.  All deals should be under St-Cali in Enpower and CAPS.  St-SW is short 20 mws in SP-15 for HE 7-22.  All deals should be under St-SW in Enpower and CAPS.  If you have any questions please give me a call at 503-887-3449 or 503-274-0502  Thanks, Bill 
 This is the new CAISO calculation for ancillary service charges.  Please look it over and let me know if you have any questions. Thanks, Bill 
 Kourtney,  Per our conversation, ECTRT should receive congestion revenue for HE 2, HE 23 and HE 24. All congestion revenue was across Path 15.  All revenue was at $248. Volumes were as follows: HE 2		8 mws HE 23		38 mws HE 24		30 mws HE 24		20 mws  Total volume was 96 mws at $248, revenue should be $23808. Please see me with any questions.  Thanks Bill 
 Guys, Great job on the cong last night but the EPE reconciliation sheet was not done.  Even if there are no variances, please complete the July EPE Reconciliation sheet going forward.  Houston will assume that no one ran the CARP if the sheet has no entries.  Thanks, Bill 
 Nice Job! Looks good! 
 Kate could you check with the trader on this.  I really don't care if it is in or out.  Let's try to wrap it up before or after the meeting. Thanks, Bill 
 fourknees@msn.com---  JMF cell number 1-713-412-7529... 
 Just come by when you have a chance or give me a call and let me know when you will be free. Thanks, Bill 
 Virginia, I have a dispute for you and Mike regarding WAPA on June 2nd. Please come see me when you have a chance. Thanks, Bill 
 Thanks Chris, This sounds good. 
 Important, CAISO computers down at 2 PM.  Submit HE 17 and HE 18 before 2 PM. Thanks, Bill 
 Virginia, We have resolved almost all of the recent PMA sheet.  The Tacoma/MPC deal is fine if its zeroed out for HE 3.  I just need to have the cost zeroed out as well as the revenue.  Currently only the revenue has been zeroed out and if I receive the credit for buying from MPC I am satisfied.  Fran is aware of this.  I am still having a problem with the WBOM $108,000 as you are aware.  This would be the only outstanding PMA and whatever the problem is with our tools (if any) likely needs to be resolved.  I appreciate your hard work on tracking down this $108,000. The risk sheet is on my desk.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Good morning,  Yesterday for HE 10 and HE 11 we were cut Real Time by El Paso Electric on an import (EPMI_CISO_BLUE).  The import was cut by 30 mws and 42 mws respectively.  A purchase from the imbalance has been made.  Also for HE 12,  we bought back most of Harbor Cogeneration's schedule.  Harbor was going to run for 20 mws but could not.  We told Harbor that we would take the charge for them.  Therefore, the -20 mws of generation deviation for Harbor needs to be allocated to ECTRT as Load Deviation.  We put in a purchase of 20 mws from the imbalance in Enpower.  Finally there is a variance for HE 17 and HE 18 possibly because of load shift from NP to SP.  We are flat in CAPS position manager.  And flat in Enpower.  Thanks, Bill 
 We could pull tapes?  Ask the person who did the deal?  There is nothing in notebooks.  Any word on the BOM PMA? 
 Fred can be reached at 1-915-543-4335.  Nice email to Fred on Tuesday by the way.  B 
 Chip, I need to have a tape pulled for Ryan Slinger on July 3 at 14:40 and 14:45.  Let me know when you have the time and I will go up with you to pull the tape. Thanks, Bill 
 Eric,  I have forwarded this to Bill Williams.  Please note that there is a subtle but important difference between the two email addresses.  Please make the change in your address book.  Thanks, Bill 
 Stewart and Paul,  I have heard that MPC has contracted with Avista to do their load balancing. Has anyone contacted MPC to discuss continuing or renewing our relationship with them in the future. MPC is likely month-to-month with Avista as they were with us. Has there been any progress with EPE? What are your expectations for retaining them? Of all our service customers these would be the only two I am truly concerned about getting back. I think we have seen significant revenue from both, more because of the information they provide then because of the fee structures. Please let me know if you have any questions, or if there is anything I can do to assist.  Thanks, Bill 
 Count me in...  Bill 
 Jim, On Tuesday we sold the CAISO replacement reserves at Malin for HE 15 and HE 16, then HE 18 through HE 22.  We were exercised for the first 40 minutes of HE 15 (for the last 20 minutes of HE 15 our energy was uninstructued and we received the dec price).  For HE 16, and HE 18-22 we were awarded the capacity payment but were not exercised.  The capacity payment should be at least $91.86 for each hour it was received.  If you have questions, please let me know. Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  When doing swaps please use the swap function in Enpower. Do not enter annuities anymore for financial deals. Be sure to specify whether you are buying or selling index and then what index you are selling (NP15 inc/dec...etc).  An example appears in the attachment.  Swaps have caused disputes that have dragged on for months in the past, so call me with any questions. Thanks,  Bill 
 We will pay APS losses of 1 mw for HE 1 PDT only on July 4th.  Lisa has made the tag and put the losses in the preschedule sheet.  Kate has made the enpower for this deal (#672781, and #672785).  Please put the price in for deal #672781 (buy from EPE).  Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  Two totally different issues for you.  First:  When scheduling transmission on Portland General Electric from John Day to Malin we MUST use deal #146517, we MUST make the price zero.  We extend this deal in scheduling and change the delivery points.  We then make an annuity to ST-NW for losses.  Easy.  Second: For the third time in two weeks the behavior of the Real-Time Group after 6 PM has been brought up.  We will talk more regarding this in our meeting next week.  It is important to note that we need to remain within the bounds of professional behavior at all times.  Enron has a zero tolerance policy regarding harassment (language or behavior that offends or belittles others).  Thanks for your attention.  Bill 
 Fran, If this deal was zeroed out (and it has been after the fact), then we should also have received a credit for no longer buying from MPC (the other side of the deal, deal #549160). We should only lose $40 (the net difference). Any ideas?  Thanks, Bill 
 Thanks for the update. 
  Troy, The difference is subtle, but I believe you wanted this to go to Bill Williams not Bill Williams III.  Please make the appropriate change to your address book. Thanks,   Bill Williams III Manager Short Term West Hourly Trading 503-464-3730 
 Alan,  According to this site the cap was around $71 for HE 15 and $72 for HE 18.  We had already traded for these hours when the "new cap" had been set.  This is a retroactive cap during mitigation hours.  When trading in the hour ahead market (1 hour before energy flows) we cannot predict the Cap to Market ratio. For example: Expost is $18 right now, and the market is at $91.87.  Any recommendations?  Bill 
 Ticker on bottom works, nothing else really does.  http://oasisp.caiso.com/ 
  Steph,  Good morning! How are you doing? It seems like I haven't seen you or Scott forever. Things are going well here in Portland. The bankruptcy of Enron has been a bit rough, but I am optimistic that the auction on January 11th will see the trading portion of our business bought out by a credit-worthy entity. If we are bought out, we should be back up and running by early spring. Right now, I am just working on systems upgrades and trying to learn as much as I can so we are ready to rip when we have credit again. Portland has been fun the past couple weeks, there are a few new clubs and living downtown continues to be a blast. I enjoy being able to walk everywhere and being downtown has really aided the Christmas shopping. I haven't been up to Seattle in a long time but I need to get up there. I am thinking about coming up for New Year's... any good ideas?  Anyway, hope you are doing well and are all ready for the holidays. Take care,  Bill 
 Crystal,  Good morning. Haven't heard from you in forever and unfortunately did not get a chance to respond to your last email.  Just wanted to say hello and wish you a good Fourth of July! 
 Virginia, I also had a question on a PMA from January.  On TransAlta deal #509285, your notes indicate that mw volumes for HE 23 and HE 24 were reduced by 95 mws each hour.  Enpower and the inc sheet do not reflect this change.  The PMA indicates a charge of $42750 for a reduction in our purchase from Transalta.  Why would we receive a charge for a reduction in purchased energy (ie. less money from us to Transalta)?  There is no indication of a reduction in volume on the other side of the trade (sale to Sempra-Deal#509277). Please come see me when you have a chance.  I think we need to go through this.  Thanks, Bill 
 Virginia,  I have one question on this month's PMA and some questions from last month.  First, for deal #549162, this deal was originally put in incorrectly as counterparty TacomaSupp.  This counterparty was then changed to Tacomapubuit.  Why does a change in counterparty result in a loss of revenue?  Are we being charged for each counterparty again (like EES and ST-Cali last month), if so, we need to fix this flawed tool.  Second, for last month, we determined that the WBOM book needs a $108,000 PMA for change in price.  The appropriate price is in Enpower, but the revenue has never appeared (Deal #590753). Remember, this deal was originally input as a buy at $320 and a sell at $30 and liquidated at these prices. The deal is now at $320 and $300.  What do we need to do to get this trued up? Please come see me with questions.  Thank you for your help. Bill 
 Confirmation from Keoni on an unrevised price cap...as of 15:01... 
 Group,  Ryan sent this email out once already, here it is again.  The oasis site map is http://www.nwoasis.org/OASIS/NODE The details of checking for ATC are as such Red=PAC(t), Blue=IPC(t)  Leg 1. PACW to ENPR Leg 2. ENPR to BOBR Leg 3. BOBR to PATHC Leg 4. PATHC to PACE Leg 5. PACE to FC3  We can do a buy resell with EPE to move this to PV or can use APS tranny to move this to Mead or PV as well. When scheduling from BOBR to FC3 on PAC (t) be sure to just put in the POR/POD and do NOT schedule each wheel seperately.  This will prevent us from being charged $5.84 each time.  Total cost for this tranny should be $5.84 +$2.38 +$5.84 = $14.06.  There will also be losses.  If using this wheel for a services customer, be sure to add in for losses and scheduling fees.  Also, be sure to LOG OUT of the IPC website when finished, otherwise we will be locked out if we time out!  There should already be a template for a tag to move this energy from PAC system border in the NW to FC345.  This path has had approximately 400 mws of tranny availabe the last few days. Please see me with questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Please go to this site, then print the map out in color.  I cannot print to Valena currently. Thanks, Bill  http://www.transmission.bpa.gov/eric/oasis/maps/ 
 Fun Transmission link...proposed oasis...  http://www.transmission.bpa.gov/eric/oasis/maps/ 
 Group,  Dave Perrino will be providing us a presentation on losses during the second week of July (tenatively scheduled for the 11th at 4PM).  There is some math/electrical engineering involved. I have attached the presentation that Dave will give.  Please take about 10-15 minutes to get familiar with the presentation and prepare your questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 D'Ann, This needs to go to Bill Williams, not Bill Williams III.  The difference is subtle but is rather important if you want the correct person to receive your message. Please make the appropriate change in your contact lists and address book.  Thanks,  Bill Williams III  Manager Short Term West Hourly Trading 503-464-3730 
 Group,  Here is the most current information regarding charges from the CAISO, the FERC Ruling and the Price Cap.  1.  The current price cap is $91.87.  We should continue our practice of not selling over the cap, however we can (and should) buy over the cap if necessary for the system reliability of our service customers.  2.  The FERC order specifies a penalty of $100 per mw for underscheduling load (greater than 5% per load zone underscheduled).  Despite the CAISO's repeated protests (and the IOU's complete disregard of this order), WE can expect to be subject to this penalty.  3.  When a WARNING is in effect the CAISO will be making out-of -market calls.  These OOM calls will not show up in the expost or beep stack.  Therefore when power supplies become tight, the prices in the "expost" may actually drop.  We should continue our practice of NOT leaving uninstructed energy in the CAISO whenever possible.  4.  We should continue to participate in the CAISO congestion market.  The CAISO frequently has unexpected hourly path loadings, and congestion has occurred in the hour ahead market that was not present in the day ahead market.  5.  Remember to include CAISO export fees, Tie Meter Multipliers/import fees and grid management fees in your CAISO calculations of wheeling charges.    We will have a real-time meeting on Monday July 9th at 4:30 PM in Mt. Hood.  We will discuss other changes in the market at that time.  Please make plans to attend. Thank you, Bill 
 David, Try to make sure you get these to me rather than to my Dad.  I think he is starting to get annoyed.  Thanks, Bill 
 Nikki,  Good afternoon, How are you?  Hope everything worked out in LA.  I don't know if you are still coming up to Portland but I was emailed a picture at work today from opening day at PGE Park (the minor league baseball stadium up here) and figured I'd pass it on.  The picture was taken in the Enron suite at the park, I am the one directly in front of the TV.  The rest of the folks are from the Origination (not Trading) side of Enron, except my boss, who is on the far left of the picture as you look at it.  Portland has been nice the last couple days, though its been raining like crazy.  I went up on my roof last night, the sun was setting and there was a lull between the storm systems moving through.  Beautiful night.  The sun had already gone down below the west hills, but was still reflecting off some of the taller buildings to the east of my place.  There was this slice of deep blue sky extending from the west over my head, and all around were low menacing storm clouds.  A stiff breeze was blowing south to north and smelled of fresh rain.  Amazing.  It should be a nice weekend up here.  In fact, I am taking tomorrow off and getting in a bit of golf.  I am playing an hour north of Portland on a links style course.  If its a clear morning, I should be able to see Mt. Rainier, Mt. St. Helens, and Mt. Adams.  It is an interesting course to play.  Now if I can just get the ball to go in the hole I'll be happy.  Hope the pic makes it to you through our firewall.  B 
 I will be out of the office for 06/29/01.  I can be reached on my cell phone at 503-887-3449 if you need anything. Thanks, Bill 
 Heather, We had some double deal-entry last night under the ST-WBOM book.  Consequently I zeroed the following deals out this morning after receiving the DPR and running a BOM SAR.  The deals are as follows: 665907 (buy from imbalance), and 665913 (sell to PowerX).  The extra sale to PowerX provided the excess $10,875 of revenue.  I apologize for our mistake. Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Go ahead and order everyone in the group who wants them the new phones.  Those Eriksons are constantly breaking down.  Let's get ahead of this curve. B 
 Very well done Jill. 
 I would be TOTALLY thrilled if you could let the group know...now about those MPC numbers...we need to go through the inc sheets and service sheets from last year...and we have half an hour. B 
  Oi! 
 Kate, Need your help with MPC 
 Al, I can be a reference for both Eric and Steve. 
 Yup. 
 Cheeky? 
 No There. 
 Group, For 06/28 only:  We need to send APS losses, 2 mws for HE 1 at 4C345 from EPE.  Lisa Gang has put this in the sheet and made a preschedule tag.  We need to make a buy from EPE under ST-Whourly in Enpower, and a sale to APS at zero in Enpower.  Please make sure this schedule is in as losses.  You can call me with any questions.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Enjoy. B 
 Nikki,  Hope you're doing well and continuing to enjoy Newport...My friend lives down there in Huntington Beach (watch out for him!), he moved down there about 3 months ago.  I have been planning on visiting him for a while.  I wouldn't mind getting your perspective on the city as well when I come down.  Last time I was in LA, I spent a fair amount of time on the Strip and around Hollywood before heading home.  Another guy I know down there works at the House of Blues and got me tickets to Taj Mahal--Steven Segal came out and played guitar with them at the end (the guy was NOT good)--which was nice.  Also, one of my neighbors from college works on the Maury Povich show (I think).  So, I definitely need to go down there for a visit.  I will be in Sacramento towards the end of July (16th thru 18th) and then am planning to get down to LA right at the start of August for work and perhaps a bit of goofing off.  So whatever, if I make it down there it should be a decent time.  Sorry to hear about the possible cancelation of the trip to Portland, hope you can make it (though the deck seems stacked against you this time around).  I will plan for you to be here (so you wouldn't be stuck in a hotel), but don't worry if you can't get here on the 3rd.  Plenty of time for that, as the sun should be out for a while (til October anyway).  I was knocking around going snowboarding up at Timberline on Saturday (get a few runs in before 10), but I am leaning towards a trip around Mt. St. Helens on my bike instead.  It's supposed to be around 80 and sunny here on Saturday and you can't pass such weekends up.  St. Helens should be gorgeous and since we are in the middle of a drought in the Northwest I want to check out the level of the resevoirs up in the mountains.  We'll see though, either way I will be getting up early to catch the sunrise in the mountains.  So work was solid today, got just about everything accomplished that I wanted to.  No one brought me lunch after working the night shift...but what can you do?  Anyway, hope the funeral goes well (you know...as it can), and keep me posted on when/if you might get up to Portland.  Oh.  And as for a picture, I'll see what I can do.  Brendan's got a couple, but I don't have any that I can pop on the web right now and send down to you.  I admit, I have been called an Ogre before (I am a bit of a taller, bigger fellow on the soccer field--and some forwards have unresolved issues concerning it), but...well...Brendan should be able to fill you in.  Like I said I will see what I can do about a picture. Enjoy your time in LA, And take care.  Bill 
 Group, We are long 25 mws on peak for 06/27/01 in SP-15.  This should be in CAPS under ST-WBOM, deals should be under ST-WBOM in Enpower as well.  Bill 
 Any word?  We need those cards and passwords... 
 Karen, You must change your e-mail list for Bill Williams.  Please send this to bill.williams@enron.com.  Not bill.williams.III@enron.com.  Subtle difference.  But if you consider your information worthy of review - please make the e-mail change.  Regards Bill 
 Chip,  As we figured out a couple of weeks ago, most of our ADS cards have expired.  We were then using Brett Hunsucker's card.  If you remember, we were waiting on the CAISO to send us new cards and new passwords about two weeks ago.  Unfortunately Brett's card appears to have expired this morning as we can no longer log in.  We are consequently unable to communicate with the CAISO over the ADS.  We may now be in violation of our participating generator agreement with the CAISO.  Is there something that I can do to speed this process, perhaps lodge a complaint with the CAISO or our client rep?  Do you have any ETA from the CAISO on our cards and passwords?  All your help is appreciated.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Jason, Good afternoon. I am contacting you regarding activating a pass to the Employee Store. I did product testing for you in late spring (for soccer). I would like to activate the pass for tomorrow, December 14th, if possible. I recognize this is short notice but if this would be possible please give me a call back at 503-887-3449. I would like to have my parents attend as well. Their names are Bill and Joy Williams. I appreciate your help.  Thanks,  Bill Williams 
 Steve,  Good looking notes this weekend.  Both notes were very informative and detailed. I appreciate the good work.  Bill 
 Group,  A reminder.  My email address is bill.williams.iii@enron.com.  Bill Williams III needs to appear in the outlook box, otherwise I do not receive the email.  I should be copied on the EES sheets, and any cut notes to volume managament, the services desk, or other traders.  Thank you for making this correction.  Bill 
 Nikki,  Hello, how are things going?   Hope you've caught up on your sleep from California.  That's what I am going to work on this afternoon so I can enjoy the weekend.  I am so glad the week is over.  I am exhausted.  Nothing like if I had worked 92 hours though.  Sorry to hear you only have the night of the 3rd open.  Hopefully you are getting to spend more time in the city of Portland than just one afternoon.  There's just too much to do here to only spend one afternoon.  As for where to stay, there's a bunch of hotels out at the airport, or you can stay downtown.  I can take you out to the airport in the morning if you need as I will not be working on the 4th of July.  Give me a call if you have a chance and have a good weekend.  Bill 
 Group,  CAPS will be down from HE 20 through HE 1 on Saturday morning.  We will have to use workspace and run Enpower to CAPS after HE 1.  We may want to run Enpower to CAPs early (or at least create finals) so that we do not lose any data if the whole thing gets erased.  Please call with questions. Good luck.  Thanks, Bill 
 John, We have asked every single counterparty in the NW to sell us energy.  We bi= d $300 to PowerX and were told that they were abiding by the cap. We are working hard to get them the energy that they need and will continue= to do so.  Bill 
  Alan,  I just received this from our client rep detailing their position. As expected they are treating the Stage 1 as ending at 11:32 rather than HE 23 as stated on May 31 in both their website and on their message net. I would like to get FERC's position on this if necessary.  If it is $91.87 rather than $108.49 as indicated in the FERC order, we will use that as a cap as soon as FERC (or you) recommends it.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Here it is... 
 Looks good Ray! Nicely summarized.  Bill 
 Mr. Kuehn... I like the BridgePort idea, unsure about the Food idea at ZOOP.  What did you have in mind?  Nate Stanton gave me a call today...we could invite him and folks from work...either way I am cool...also bear in mind that my place has no furniture... JOY! B 
 Alan, Can we meet today and discuss the pros and cons of this order. I will be available as soon as you are ready... Thanks, Bill 
 Heather, I spoke with Chris and he is on board with the annuity of $18750 from ST-CALI to ST-WHOURLY. Thanks for the help with this.  Bill 
 Actually Amy, I will not be able to attend on the 5th. Is there an alternate date? 
 Easy there... Everything will be okay... 
 There will be a Real-Time Group Meeting on July 9th at 4:30.  We will be discussing new Ferc Rules, Dispute Management, Group Changes and Cuts. Please let me know immediately if you will be unable to attend.  Thank you,  Bill 
 Sure.  B 
 Nikki,  Thanks for the note and I hope your doing well.  You're right, sometimes introductions sound more like the presentation of a resume than a letter...but I think you pulled it off.  I was able to close on my condo last weekend.  It was a tremendous pain with a bit of the last minute run-around, but I finally got moved in on Friday night.  I don't know about my neighbors yet as I am the only one moved in on my floor so far.  The seller is still finishing the renovation of the place...they are converting it from an old hotel.  My condo is about 8 blocks from my office downtown, so it was great to roll out of bed this morning and be able to walk to work.  Like you, I am not sure what Brendan might have told you about me...so here goes.  I was born on the east coast (Connecticut), moved around for a while, and eventually was towed out to southwest Washington by my parents.  I went to highschool in Kelso (this is where I met and then graduated with Brendan).  Then went to college at University of Washington in Seattle.  College was good, if a bit long.  I received a degree in Metallurgical engineering and worked as an engineer in Portland for a year doing failure and corrosion analysis (whoa!).  A bit less than 2 years ago I started working with Enron as a trader, trading hourly electricity in the West.  I started out on shift, but now manage the group and get to work a more normal schedule (usually 10-12 hours a day) during the week.  I enjoy the job a ton, the market changes nearly every day and it beats the hell out of staring at a scanning electron microscope for 4 hours at a pop.  With regards to your visit.  I've been in Portland for a few years now, so I should be able to provide a fairly good guide service around the town.  Depending on when you get here and how things go,  we'll have to see if we can get you outside the city to some of the Mountains and the Coast.  Astoria is about 2 hours away and it's a pretty scenic drive out there (especially if you're from New Mexico).  If the weather's nice we might be able to check out some of the resevoirs and rivers around Mt. St. Helens and the gorge...good swimming, hiking etc.  It should be a blast.  Have you gotten any closer to firming up when you will be in town?  I am pretty open at the start of July, and although it always rains on the 4th (EVERY single year), that's still a good time to be coming up.  Besides, if you ever thought about moving here, you have to understand why its so green...  It was good to hear from you, and if you have any questions you can give me a call at 503-887-3449.  Take care.  Bill 
 These schedule changes must be called in.  Just a reminder. Bill 
 Kate, take a quick look at this would you?  Group,  Going forward we will be transacting with Enron Canada Corp on an over-the-= counter basis.  We will provide them with a bid and an offer suitable for b= uying from or selling to them non-firm energy.  Enron Canada will contact u= s each morning to inquire about possiblities for export and import.  We sho= uld be familiar with the Alberta Power Pool forecast and be aware of the co= nversion from CDD to USD.  The lead or NW trader will provide Enron Canada = with their estimate or feel of the market.  Enron Canada will be trying nea= rly every hour to obtain non-firm transmission.  If this is an unwise pract= ive from a risk-reward standpoint based on our understanding of the market,= WE need to tell them, as they are losing $6.40 per mw CDD on unused tranny= with zero chance for return.  Further, Enron Canada wants the opportunity = to transact with other counterparties at the BC Border.  If we cannot use t= heir energy they have asked to be able to contact WWP, IPC or TransAlta aft= er giving us first look to attempt to recoup some of their loss.  I do not = see a need for this and think there is potential for embarrassment and dama= ge to customer relations.  If we are in contact with Enron Canada before ha= nd (start of the day, top of the hour, etc.) we should be able to get them = the best price for their energy.  Be very clear in your dealings with the N= W counterparty that the energy is non-firm.  Determine a book-out price if = necessary to solve problems with physical flow.  We are basically buying a = put or a call.  Finally, I would like to see the communication with Enron C= anada improve.  Personal experience and observation has us not communicatin= g with them as closely as possible and typically only speaking with their r= eal-time group at the bottom.  I feel we can do better.  I want to prevent = a repeat of this weekend (ECC selling/buying from a counterparty in the US = without our knowledge) and do not want the NW being scoured by both Enron C= anada and Enron North America.  This is counterproductive for both of us fo= r obvious reasons.  Providing a bid/offer and being prepared to act on it i= s a change in our relationship with Enron Canada.  This should force a rene= wed emphasis on communication and market fundamentals that should only be b= eneficial.  If you have questions or ideas regarding the relationship with = Enron Canada please let me know.  To be sent to John Zufferli (equivalent of Tim B in Canada) and Portland Shift 
 Please add Ainsley Gaddis and remove Daniel Kang from your list when sending the spreadsheets to EES. Thanks, Bill 
 Alan, I just want to pass on the two names I had mentioned previously to you. Eric Linder and Steve Merriss. Their home numbers are 503-753-8716 and 503-241-3729 respectively. Both had worked for me for about 8-9 months. These are the only numbers I have for them as their cell phones have been canceled.  Bill 
 Cannot wait... 
 Thanks Lisa... 
 Steve, My address is Bill Williams III, Please make the correction. Thanks, Bill 
 Dave, Good morning.  Just wanted to confirm my email with you.  It is Bill Williams III, not Bill Williiams. Thanks for the email. Bill 
 Anna, When you have a chance, I would like to pay you for the golf tournament and grab a receipt from you while I am at it.  My impression is that the deadline is approaching and that this is something we need to get done today. Please let me know when you might be available or just grab me when you have a chance.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Just wanted to congratulate you guys on the excellent work on the night of the 13th.  The SAR was within $4 of risk managment's numbers on the Daily Position Report!  The night note looked very good (great job on the services portion) and there were ZERO problems with the shift. The hard work is much appreciated, keep it up.  Bill 
 Group,  We are long 25 mws 7-22 on Monday in SP-15 at $65.  Deals should be under ST-WBOM.  We are also long 25 mws under the ST-CALI book.  Please be sure to put this in the service sheet.  Other ST-CALI length or EES shorts will be on Phil Platters sheet and in CAPS.  Thanks,  Bill 
  Chris,  I attached a simple sheet outlining our basic process of decremental bidding.  From a Real-Time standpoint we are ready to implement this process immediately.  I believe we have the tools in place to capture the revenue on the volume management side as well.  Kourtney Nelson is out of the office today but will return on Monday.  I feel we should involve her in the process when she returns.  Overall, this is very similar to what we did last summer and should be relatively easy to implement.  Feel free to see me with questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Chris,  I attached a simple sheet outlining our basic process of decremental bidding.  From a Real-Time standpoint we are ready to implement this process immediately.  I believe we have the tools in place to capture the revenue on the volume management side as well.  Kourtney Nelson is out of the office today but will return on Monday.  I feel we should involve her in the process when she returns.  Overall, this is very similar to what we did last summer and should be relatively easy to implement.  Feel free to see me with questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Rhonda, The CP "New" represents a counterparty as yet to be determined.  I am working with Diana Scholtes on this.  This deal is essentially a placeholder. I will give you the information as I receive it.  Thanks, Bill 
 Sure, The other members in the real-time group are: Ryan Slinger Geir Solberg Holden Salisbury Bert Meyers Craig Dean Casey Anderson Mike Mier Thanks, Bill 
 Thank you for the confirmation. That is very good news. 
 Thanks for the information Heather.  This looks good and useful. Would you have any information on what tools we used to settle?  Or was it all a manual process?  B 
  Brooklyn, Unfortunately the change to $290 was not the final price for deal #620476 on 05/23.  It should be $295 for HE 15-17 and $290 for HE 18-19.  I have checked Enpower and the sheet to make sure that they reflect these changes.  If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Group,  We have 25 mws of length in the BOM book at $56 again for 06/14/01 on peak.  This energy is in NP-15.  Please make deals under ST-WBOM.  ST-CALI has another 5 mws each hour on peak in NP-15.  See CAPS for other information.  Thanks, Bill 
 Thank you Jill 
 Thanks for the work Bob. I will see you on the 27th at PDX.  Bill 
 Virginia, I have no idea. I would recommend checking with Cara...she's omniscient. Good luck.  B 
 Group,  We are long for the 13th in California, 25 mws under ST-WBOM in NP-15 at $57.  We are also long 22 mws under ST-CALI in NP-15.  ST-CALI is also short in the morning in SP-15.  They are short at around $30.  ST-CALI is providing us with a sheet detailing their positions for RT, we will now be providing them with a sheet each morning detailing their sales from the previous day.  Going forward, please put all the ST-CALI sales or length in the service sheet beneath our activity.  We are also short 10 mws to EWEB for HE 1-12, Willamette has a month long sale at $270 but needs to come down unexpectedly for maintenance.  We will backfill this and split any profit with Services.  Finally...  We must check out with BPA each hour for Frontier and GCPUD.  Please make the call right after you call EPE dispatchers (between 25 after and 35 after).  The new service sheets have a place for initials for the call each hour, please initial after making the call to BPA (ext. 2277).  ALSO...TIMBERS TOMORROW NIGHT! 
 Steve, Just want to make sure you have me as Bill Williams III. Thanks, BIll 
 Wednesday...JUNE 13th...  PORTLAND TIMBERS vs. the VANCOUVER WHITECAPS  Gates Open at  5:35...Kickoff at 7:05  See me for tickets (your ticket counts as a MAX ticket for the day)  Food and Beverages will be provided 
 Jon, Thanks for the schedule.  Unfortunately I won't be at tonights game or the outdoor game tomorrow.  I should be at the games next week though. Bill 
 I'm sorry I missed your call. I know you are busy but please let me know when you have something. Leaf called yesterday looking for clarification and I would like to be able to give him an answer. Thanks, Bill 
 Jim, Just a quick note regarding scheduling on Saturday.  There should be a 25 mw n-firm export for HE 7-10 and HE 13-22.  The schedule ID for HE 7-10 was CISO_EPMI_BUNNY.  The schedule ID for HE13-22 was EPMI_CISO_BUNNY.  For HE 11 and HE12, Danielle at the CISO misentered our schedule.  CAPS shows a final of 25 mws as a firm import.  This should be a n-firm export.  We recieved the energy as a firm export from the CISO.  All schedules should be under ECTSTSW not ECTRT.  If you have questions please let me know.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Let me know if you have any questions. 
 We are long 25 mws in NP-15 at $54 for HE 7-22.  This is under the ST-WBOM line in CAPS.  We are long at $54.00 Call me with any questions... Thanks, Bill 
 Thank you Kysa, I appreciate the info. B 
 Jim, Harbor and Martel were declined with the CISO for 06/08/01 HE 1 and HE 2.  The reasons: for Harbor the CISO inc'd them to 10, and ignored their operating limits as entered at 60 and 80.  Martel was inc'd but could not ramp up.  Both bids were properly entered by were ignored by the CISO.  Delano was incd'd and dec'd several times in the morning and was able to respond. Let me know if you have any other questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Greg,  Sorry for the delay in getting you my accomplishments.  I filled out the self-evaluation portion of the PRC back in May.  I have attached my responses to the self-evaluation form. My accomplishments and more long-winded descriptions of what I do are in the attachment, by comparison my near-term goals for the next 6 months are pretty concise.  1. Continue to maximize the abilities of the group, and try to leave nothing on the table. 2. Minimize our settlements and disputes over Enpower mistakes, or other avoidable actions. 3. Continue to provide those in the group opportunities to improve themselves and get where they want to go in Enron. 4. Stay ahead of California with regards to political, legal and credit risk. 5. Work with middle-marketing and services groups to develop new opportunities. 6. Improve my education through SQL training and more advanced Derivatives training to better allow me to understand the fundamentals of the market and the movements of spreads relative to market fundamentals.  I greatly enjoy my current position and look forward to the next 6 months.  If you have any questions just let me know. Thanks, Bill 
 Neta, I do not believe I should be on this list.  Please remove me. Thanks, Bill 
 Greg, Below are the following names of some potential reviewers for this period.  I am also meeting with John Thompsen who was my analyst pool representative last review period for lunch on Thursday.  Phil Platter Jeff Richter Chris Stokely Heather Dunton Les Rawson Mark Fischer Holden Salisbury Sean Crandall Chris Foster Stewart Rosman  I assume you will be reviewing me as well. If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks, Bill 
 You are correct, The EOL trades were not properly acccounted for. We need FSP 2000, not FSP 2002... I think we have it sorted out now though.  But yeah, too much stress is never healthy...I don't know exactly what the deal is.  Bill 
 Good morning, We have had some changes in our real-time group at Enron and consequently I would like to request a password change for the following EPMI logins. Please notify me when these changes will be effective.  1.)	real_time_epmiwe-- the current password is epmishift, I would like to change it to: huskies  2.)	real_time_epmiwe2-- the current password is realtimers2, I would like to change it to: ducks  3.)	real_time_epmiwe3-- the current password is oregon, I would like to change it to: beavers  4.)	settlements-- the current password is settlements, I would like to change it to: cougars  Thank you for your help with this.  Bill Williams Manager, Short Term West Hourly Trading 503-464-3730 (w) 503-887-3449 (c) 
 Things have definitely been difficult over here. In truth, I may have underestimated how prepared our systems and the folks in our group were to move dramatically greater volumes. We are moving through a period of adjustment and should be back on track by tomorrow. So Kate probably is not any more stressed out than anyone else. She probably just shows it a bit more. We shouldn't be holding you guys back too much longer.  My apologies for the delay. Bill 
 Traci, I manage the short term west hourly trading desk in Portland.  Do you need me to come to Houston, or is there a more convenient way to convey my feedback? I also need a performance feedback form. You can reach me at 503-464-3730  Thanks, Bill 
 Thanks, I just left her another. B 
 Looks great Jill!  Thanks,  Bill 
 John,  How was Austin?  Did you get the rest and relaxation you were looking for?  How about golf?  Everyone has only ever had good things to say about Austin.  Audi TT? NICE pick.  Is that a 6-speed?  Only 23,000 miles is pretty sweet and the color is right (matches the 400E).  Next time I am down there (?) you'll have to provide a demonstration.  I am really getting the urge to lose my 525 (this seems to happen about every 6 months), I have only driven it once since I moved (about 5 miles total).  Kind of hard to justify $+500 a month for car, insurance and parking when I drive it 20 miles in a month (just not very cost effective).  An old 2002tii would only cost me parking and insurance (and my pride).  Other ideas?  So I am in the new place.  It's great!  Perfect location (just no parking), and I get way more sleep (til 5!).  Its got a pretty solid view and feels much bigger than it is because of all the windows.  Now if I could just get some furniture...maybe a table...  B 
 John, Thanks for the timely note.  PRC is today. Much appreciated. B 
 Sean,  Just to follow-up from yesterday. Two key real-time customers would be MPC (load balancing agreement) and EPE (power "consulting" agreement). Other customers such as LV Cogen and Valley are important, but they do not provide the market information or the opportunities of these two. As soon as we have something tangible regarding a new company (and likely before), I think we need to visit these customers and get them back.  Ideas?  Bill 
 Group, We will be meeting on Thursday at 4:30 to discuss recent changes and the company outlook with Tim on Thursday Dec. 13th at 4:30. Please call me if you cannot make it. Thanks,  Bill 
 Thank you. 
 Bam. Let me know what you hear 
 Sorry to hear it man. It has not been a great last couple of months. 
 What up dawg! How are you and Meg doing? I still have a job. It has been an extremely rocky time. However, I feel optimistic that our trading business will continue in some fashion. I believe that we will be bought out by an investment bank and that we will be able to start trading again. The chances are good that I will have to thin out my group a bit, I am hoping that attrition will take care of some of the members of the group. I think we are going to let traders out of their contract if they want to leave. Hopefully that will cut down on any direct lay-offs I will have to do. It would suck having to lay-off good people. Its worrisome but like I said, I am optimistic. Soccer was going well, but I sprained my knee pretty badly playing indoor last night, so another two-three weeks before I am out there playing again...bollocks! Its ridiculous. How are things with you? I have two tickets to Mark Lanegan on December 19th at Berbatis Pan.  Are you going to be in town at that point? Its gonna be sweet. Still enjoying the Audi. My address is 1005 SW Park Ave. #706, Portland OR, 97205. Give me a ring and let me know what the word is. 503-887-3449.  Later, Bill 
 This can also be found at P:Realtime/Williamsonly/Dopewars in the P drive. If you have access. 
  The key is to go long Heroin and Coke when you have a chance. And put extra money in the bank  Bill 
 Group-  As we have more and more cuts, we have an excellant opportunity to refine our cut technique. (YES!)  1.) In path confirmation workspace-please check all cut paths as "confirmed" (this will allow us to sort for cut or "confirmed" paths later)-and enter notes in the comment section regarding the cut.  2.) ZERO OUT CUT SCHEDULES IN DEAL SCHEDULING. On imports to CALI, please zero out the purchase outside of CALI, zero out the EpmiCalPool, and then make a purchase under the book that had the import (likely EPMI Short Term Cali) from the California Imbalance (remember no price and 24 POS on the group).  IF you have any questions, please call me. We are having a nightmare taking care of weekend cuts, particularly imports into California.  Thanks,  Bill 
 For all cuts the following procedures apply...  1.) Notes as usual  2.) In the Enpower Path Confirmation, we need to make cuts as Path Confirms. Enter comments in the confirmed section. We will be zeroing Enpower deals out on Monday (hint: NOTES are VERY important--All CUTS must be notated and the notes must be put in the accordion folders).  3.) Try to have the counterparties continue any paths around us. Just "bow out" gracefully if you have no other options with the words "L - D's."  4.) If we are cut by a generator/utility going into California, we must call the HA desk at California and tell them the increment that we will be underscheduling our load by. For example, EPE will be cutting all schedules going into California on light load (100 mws). If we cannot resupply the schedules we need to tell the state that we are underscheduling our load by 100 mws. THIS IS EXTREMELY IMPORTANT. We have posted an LC with Cali for this reason.  Also, EPE will be long RT 100 mws off-peak as they are no longer selling to us. 25 mws should be sold to TEP to cover a forward schedule. Stacy has set this up at PV. Please do this as a direct bill with EPE. As of Jan 01, 2002 we will no longer be marketing for EPE. Also, PV#3 will be coming off this weekend, and FC#4 will be down from HE 22 on Saturday through HE 06 on Sunday.  This will probably not be a fun weekend. I appreciate your help.  Bill 
 This is important--- 
 Dave,  I need your help with some Enpower applications. Please give me a call as soon as you have an opportunity. By the way...I sure hope your Longhorns do NOT end up matched against my Huskies...ouch!  Thanks, Bill  1-800-684-1336 
 Group,  As of HE2 this morning, our contract with MPC was ended. For the time being, we will no longer be balancing MPC's load.  Also, we can only purchase up to 100 mws from APS transmission. Please do not put wheels in to relieve congestion for over 100 mws. But do check the transmission availability on the website and maximize our ability to relieve congestion with APS in the Southwest. These should be the only congestion wheels that we run.  Also, please use PNM not AEP for any sleeving for EPE.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  Cuts are on the way. While most can be zeroed out in Enpower (for LD's) like normal, longterm contracts will require an annuity for the value of the cut on that particular day. In the interest of being uniform, the guidelines for cuts are below.  We will be handling cuts in the following manner:  1. Documentation is priority #1. We need to fill out a cut sheet with the times, the name of the person who called, the tag number, the quantity and price.  2. After attempting to resupply the cut or find an alternate sink we need to carefully document changes in the new enpower workspace.  3. We need to zero out all cut deals in Enpower, we then need to calculate the value of the deals and make an annuity. The annuity must be made HE 1 on the following day of the schedule. The annuity needs to be for 1 mw for the value of the zeroed out contract. In the comment section of the annuity you must include the Enpower deal # of the cut deal and should include an indication of the number of mws each hour and the contract price--for example (4 hours @ 25 mws X $100 per mw = $10,000).  4. Please be as accurate as possible. We still need to be flat in Enpower at the end of each day. And we still need to calculate our daily position.  5. Put all cut sheets in the accordion folder on Kate Symes' Desk.  I appreciate your help and diligence. Thanks,  Bill 
 Nope. 
 I spoke with Jim Danielson at MWD regarding this cut on 11/26. We did not deliver the 25 mws to MWD. Jim at MWD requested that we "book out" the cut with him at the contract price of the 25 mws. I entered a deal to buy 25 mws from MWD at the contract price ($113.00) deal #882054, and a deal to sell to Calpine to capture LD's ($113.00) deal #882064. I attempted to enter this in the cuts database but got several errors and do not have confidence that this occurred. Please let me know if you have any questions. Bill 
  Theresa, Could you add DL-Portland Shift to this distribution. I would like the guys in Real-Time to be able to see this information when they come in. Thanks, Bill 
 I have also not been able to approve these. I do need those folks to have access... 
 Group-  We are currently owed money by CERS (approximately $100,000). We need to net this to a zero by Friday. It is very important that each of you call CERS and purchase energy from them to net this position out. Otherwise--we will see a loss of $100,000. Let's make this problem go away.  Thanks, Bill 
 Thanks for reserving the room. I will not need any food ordered. Thanks, Bill 
 Susan, Thank you. This looks good. To answer some of your questions, price is per mw, not per deal. Transmission deals, EpmiCalPool deals, and sales or purchases from the counterparty California Imbalance in Enpower need to be excluded. Thanks, Bill 
 Allegheny's SC is now APX 5. Contact numbers are below.  Thanks Bill 
 Grace, What is a CPE certificate?  B 
 Kysa, Just wanted to give you a quick heads up. b 
 Group, Please put all information from the previous day (ie printed dispatch, EPE preschedulng sheet) into the appropriate folder on Kate Symes' old desk. Thanks, Bill 
 Good morning, I would like to obtain Global Trader ID's for the following traders on the Short Term West Hourly desk in Portland, Oregon. They will be using EnronOnline beginning next week, Nov. 26th.  Bert Meyers Mark Guzman Leaf Harasin Eric Linder Steve Merriss Craig Dean  Please call me with any questions. I can be reached at 503-464-3730 or on my cell phone at 503-887-3449. Thank you for your help.  Bill Williams 
 I like that much better...super. 
 I appreciate the goals and accomplishments, I was looking more for a quick outline of duties. This should work though. Thanks, Bill 
 Tim,  I have been approached by 3 different groups regarding an HA or RT index in the West. I have decided against participating with TraderNews or PowerDex. I am considering participating with Dow Jones. I think a working index would help encourage liquidity through price discovery in real time. It should also provide an index to settle against financially for our desk and the Cash desks. I am working with Kate and our developement group upstairs to get the tools in place to participate in the Dow Jones index. I am still waiting for the confidentiality agreements from DJ and will be sending them to Steve Hall when they arrive. I have concerns that participating in this index may spread some of the value we obtain in making a market on EOL to our counterparties. I would appreciate your thoughts on this when you have an opportunity.  Thanks, Bill 
 Enpower Preschedule Workspace and Path Confirmation  Please note we have two new Enpower applications currently in use by the Prescheduling Group that are also available for Real Time use. A manual has been placed in your inbox describing the process in detail. You will be using this in place of Lotus Notes to confirm and process cut power schedules going forward. You must check out with all major marketers and utilities each night. This would include but not be limited to: AEP, AES-New Energy, Aquila, Avista, Calpine, Constellation, Coral, Duke, Dynegy, El Paso Merchant, Exelon, Meico, Mirant, Morgan, NCPA, Reliant, PPLMontana, PowerX, Sempra, SMUD, TransAlta, Williams, and southwest utilities such as Pinnacle West, SRP, PNM, PSCO and Pacificorp. Northwest counterparties are checked out by BPA and do not need to be checked again by us (this would include SCL, TCL, PSPL, BPAP, GCPUD, EWEB, IPC, MPC, SNPD, WWP). These checkouts should be started in HE 19 and finished by HE 21.  NOTE: You must open both PSW and Path Confirmation from your local Enpower Launchpad, which can be found under the Start Menu in Programs/Business Applications/Enpower/Enpower Login.  Following are a few pointers to help you get started.  1.	All prescheduled power paths will be loaded into Path Confirmation. This application must be opened from local Enpower and can be found in the menu that drops down from the hand icon at the left under "Tools." 2.	A box will appear asking you to select a default trading desk. Choose "West" and click "Okay." 3.	Supply schedules are shown in gray, transmission in yellow, and market in blue. 4.	Sort paths by clicking and dragging on the heading you'd like to sort by. Suggestion: Sort by counterparty while making confirmation calls. When all schedules with that counterparty are confirmed, highlight each schedule 5.	Highlight the path you'd like to confirm or cut by clicking in the thin box to the very left of the Path Confirmation screen. Highlight multiple rows by holding the "Control" button and while selecting multiple rows. 6.	Confirm a path by highlighting and clicking the telephone icon. A screen will come up requesting contact information from the appropriate counterparty. Because this information saves directly to Enpower, save time runs about a minute. 7.	Cut a path by highlighting and clicking the scissors icon. A screen called "Cut Information" will come up. Select the "New Path Cut" icon in the upper left-hand corner and supply the relevant information (region, cut time, resupply path, Enpower numbers, Turret ID, etc.) 8.	Double click anywhere in a particular row to see a detail of that schedule. This screen will show the terms and hours of the deal as well as volume, price, Enpower deal and OATI tag number.  Lotus Notes is being phased out of operation, and we are working with the Enpower team in Houston to develop a discussion database similar to the one we currently use in Notes. These new applications will be a part of that, so please begin adjusting your nightly schedule checkout and/or cuts procedure accordingly (i.e. Record cut paths in Enpower Path Confirmation, not Lotus Notes.) 
 Group,  We will have an emergency meeting on Monday, November 26th at 4 PM. We will be going live on EOL for HE 7-22 on Monday. We will be discussing EOL trading, the new confirmation workspace in Enpower, business practice changes, and the Dynegy merger. Please make plans to attend. Contact me as soon as you can if you think you may not be able to make it.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group, We have had some issues with EpmiCalPool deals recently and I wanted to provide information for newer members of the group and a quick reminder for crusty veterans as we head into the Thanksgiving Holiday. I have also decided to change our protocol for entering multiple EpmiCalPool deals. Please pay special attention to #5 below.  So, some basic rules about EpmiCalPool deals.  1. EpmiCalPool deals are BUY-RESALE deals--(a transmission deal will work but is not the preferred method)  2. We only BUY from the EpmiCalPool-no exceptions-.  3. EpmiCalPool deals have a $0 price in the buy and sell portions. Please do not enter a price on an EpmiCalPool deal.  4. EpmiCalPool deals must have a delivery point of an CISO tie point or an CISO congestion zone. Good delivery points would be: Malin, COB N/S, COB S/N, NOB N/S, NOB S/N, Cascade, Captain Jack, Summit, Four Corners 345, Mead 230, Paloverde, NP-15, ZP-26, SP-15.  Bad delivery points would include: Mid-C, Hotsprings, Hidalgo, BC Border.  5. IMPORTANT CHANGES TO BUSINESS PRACTICE HERE EpmiCalPool deals are used to simulate the purchase of transmission from the California ISO.  a.) If you have a wheel from tie point to tie point for example Malin to Four Corners for congestion management--than an EpmiCalPool deal from Malin to Four 	Corners would be appropriate. For seperate wheels from tie point to tie point we will NOT be putting in deals from Malin to NP-15, NP-15 to SP-15, and SP-15 to 	Four Corners.  b.)However, from Congestion zone to congestion zone inside of California, or if you are moving tie point to a congestion zone--for example Malin to SP-15 we will 	need a Malin to NP-15 and NP-15 to SP-15. This will allow us to better capture congestion across congestion zones in California, and will prepare us for the move 	to FSP.  6. We will initiate this change in business practice HE 1 on Tuesday November 20th.  Epmicalpool deals continue to provide problems with reports. Please see me with any questions.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Jim, You can find HE 10 through 18 at the bottom of the November Service Sheet. This should be in the same location as the Trading sheet in the Inc sheet section. My understanding is that you were given a copy of the service sheet with the trading sheet yesterday morning. You should find probably another $60,000 maybe $70,000 at the bottom of the sheet. If you have any questions just let me know.  Thanks, Bill 
 Jim, We also received congestion revenue for HE 10 through HE 18. HE18-although it shows nothing from the CAISO on their site (their server went down) is the same as HE17-the CAISO specifically relayed this to me on a recorded line. Thanks, Bill 
 Jill, Could you look into my concur expense login/password. I am at a class today and need to approve these expense reports in the system. However,I cannot access the system. I am not sure if this is related to our floor wide network problems or what. Also, we are a go for Edgefield. You and I just need to talk about the expense report.  Thanks,  Bill 
 #10728 
 Amy, Hey! Great to hear from you! Hope you are doing well. But... What are you talking about? Who's on what side? And what are you trying to recall?  Bill 
 I know Jim. You guys are doing well.  Thanks, Bill 
 Extra ST-SW transmission can be viewed in the Available Transmission Sheet. B 
 Good afternoon. We have recieved significant amounts of congestion revenue on real-time for 11/13. Please use the inc sheet or CAPS to settle in the morning. The inc sheet has correct pricing and schedule ID's.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group, We are long 20 mws in SDG1 for HE 2 and HE 3. We are long 10 mws in SDG1 for HE 4 and HE 5. This cost us $7.50. We imported it from MEAD 230. We are also long 10 mws in NP-15 for HE 7-22 at $25. This is from Redding.  Finally, ST-SW has extra transmission from PV to 4C and PV to Mead. You can query by Enron Power Marketing on the APS site to see what we have already purchased. If you need this transmission off-peak please use what we have already purchased. We can go over the Enpower when I get in in the morning.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Of course.  Deez nuts. 
 Dude-- It was $5. My total bet for the game was $40. $5 to you, $20 to Porter, $15 to Mark Fisher.  Come on...don't try to run me over. The gloating has to be worth $5.  B 
