ent strategy/shooter game playable by 4+ people. J 
 Jim,  My mailing address is:  EB3209E PO Box 1188 Houston, TX 77251-1188  If it is possible that I could receive the same information broken down by month, I would greatly appreciate it. Thanks,  Jason Wolfe Trading Analyst Enron North America 713-853-0568 
 I am interested in obtaining a load breakdown by industrial, residential, and electrical generator customers for your utility, on a monthly basis, as part of a NWPL market research project. If you could give me some contact information, I would appreciate the help.  Thanks, Jason Wolfe Trading Analyst Enron North America 713-853-0568 
 Mr. Boehlke:  After speaking to a NW Natural representative, I was told to contact you for more specifics regarding information on your customer breakdown. I am interested in gas load by residential, industrial, and electrical generation on a weekly or monthly basis. Your financial statements have a quarterly cross-section in a fairly similar format, but I was hoping I could get more specific numbers, including the type of industrial user (high-tech, aluminum, agricultural, etc.) and historicals back to last winter. If you could help me out I would greatly appreciate it, as trying to forecast NWPL load without some general NW Natural data is impossible.  Thanks,  Jason Wolfe Trading Analyst Enron North America 713-853-0568 
 I am interested in Cascade's natural gas demand by broad customer class - such as residential, industrial, and electric generation - over the past year. Also, if possible, a list of the larger generators or industrials that you serve.  Could you direct me to the department or individual who could best assist me in this research?  Thanks,  Jason Wolfe Trading Analyst Enron North America 713-853-0568 
 IT DOES PRODUCE SOME 
  I love you and although I am seemingly incorrigible, I listen to your criticisms. By now you should know that you can trust me through thick and thin. Besides, you told Josh 2 weeks ago that you liked being with me, despite our stubborn differences. I listened to you then also. Let's get real, over the long haul, we have too much in the way of common interests, beliefs, and interesting times. I think we should just invoke a pact to talk more without getting angry. We are not moving yet. When we leave Houston, we are leaving together, so unpack your UHaul. Love, Jason  P.S. Also, I expect you to do some holiday visiting with me, and vice versa. 
 I know it seems gimmicky- but we sould keep a jar, and every time you get mad, I could put a penny in it, and you can decide every day if I have treated you like enough of a princess to take one out. Whatever is left after a month or so, we would take a getaway of however many pennies are in the jar (not funded by the pennies, of course). This would really show how much things have not gone your way, and would be a reminder for me. We could also set up a Jay jar, but I guess that would be less full. I am brainstorming to try to get myself to behave, so I know it's corny. J  Also, I like the VIrginias and Carolinas, but we should go together when we go. And I think of you as my partner every day, and I'm sorry I take it for granted. 
 QUIT APPLYING FOR JOBS OUTSIDE OF HOUSTON!! :( The farthest you can go is the Woodlands! J 
 The game was nail-bitingly close, but Chinese 12 year old hookah's strategy of ChoKoNu mayhem was the deciding factor. At one point, Beth and I soaked the earth with the blood of wave after wave of paladin assault (and rear-action monk cowards), but it was Alan's resource control that won out. But for the most part, I would characterize the game as a draw. Bring on the firstperson shooters until Star Wars. Jason 
 Chris, Could these numbers be loaded into the db for October? These are cyc 13 pulled from Citrix, up to the 30th, incl points not grabbed by the HTML scraper. Thanks, Jason 
 So Camas Jr is confirmed paper mill? Do you know what is behind the Bellingham II point (290)? Bellingham/Ferndale (472) I understand is the Ferndale power plant; is this 290 point another unit? Thanks, Jason 
 A good beating reminds me of my uncle Sam's place. 
 I look forward to an evening of intense concentration puncuated by controlling, berating direction. And that's just Beth's backseat driving on the way to Greenway. Hey-oh! But seriously, folks, I'm probably not in for any game night where Travis is encouraging guys to feel his lance. Isn't there enough posturing? J 
 If Beth OKs it I can do a strategy session. That last email from Devil-Pooch made me yearn for the sight of his blood soiling the field of battle. The key to Allan's wins (and I have given it some thought): 1) Quick advancement. He doesn't attack early, I believe it is to build stone walls, encompassing a larger area than is proportional for his team. And to seal us off. 2) Large level of resources, enabling him to cue Paladins to build as his army is killed. Thus he has a constant wave of attacks. He also builds resources until the point he decides to attack, then he kills all but maybe 20 villagers. His army is concentrated and huge. 3) Build castles on conquered territory.  If we wall a large area, build resource levels quickly, then attack as soon as we each have a 40 man army, with additional soldiers cued. we will win. The use of trebuchets is imperative. We should have a total of 10 on our team. Towers kill. AND WE MUST NEVER SIT BACK AND LET HIM REBUILD. Whenever we hang out not attacking, it's over.  J 
 I know. Houston sucks. XO J 
 When I think about you, it puts me in a good mood 
 I hope you feel better. I think your work (and work ethic) is phenomenal. I will give you many hugs. Your biggest fan, J 
 Sorry this took so long. I talked to Geof and got the OK. Thanks, Jason 
 what the??!?! 
 Thanks. My battery cap looked a little different. I will try to take it off tonight and will take a picture. It wasn't obvious to me at the time how the cap worked (it wasn't nearly as clean around the battery as grandmas). Hopefully no more problems.  Jason 
 1) It's Grease. 2) It's 'NSYNC, and I am insulted by your inaccurate spelling of this legendary band's name 
 Like the Las Vegas product, we need to re-map the curve in sitara to PGE-Topock instead of Socal, but we can go ahead and roll out the next day product. Jason 
 Around North Carolina? no 
 really? why? 
 whatever. just let me know when you aren't dicking around 
 If there is an Enron next week, she will probably get an offer. Unless we are owned by Dynegy. Then I don't know. Either way, don't quit cleaning boats yet. 
 Karen, I worked in ENA West Risk from July 2000 until March 1, 2001, when I began West Logistics. Risk was counted as my first rotation. Scheduling is my second. Jason 
 According to CNBC, the Dynegy deal is close, with an announcement today. I'm not really nervous; Enron's strength is its wholesale trading dept. I'm not sure about non-core business and corporate hacks, though. We'll see how it all shakes out - it's really hard to believe it has come to this. Jason 
 I'm eating Droubi's middle eastern cuisine right now, thinking of the times we used to meet there for lunch. I miss those days. 
 It's Dynegy, not Dynergy. 
 We are totally LBs. no DEs. We had a bad defensive game, which I hope turns around next week, as we have good people at those positions. Our defense has been one of the best. PumpnGD had a lucky defensive game, but he has good people as well. Our head-to-head with him in 2 weeks is key. Curtis Martin is a bye for him, so he picked up Watters. But you saw last night how dominant Shaun Alexander is. If he has a good game next week, he may have the starting role or at least split carries. The next 2 games will be tough. Jason 
 the merger will be completed over the next 8-10 months, so who knows where I will end up. I need to be where the trading is. Beth and I are driving up for XMas. We're leaving Houston Thurs or Fri before, and will head back for Houston the 26th. Let Sweetpea know. Jason 
 I open my email, and Trav is inviting people over, threatening to pull out the ol' lance, and comparing dimensions with Matty. I guess that means it's game night. Is Allan going to around Tues? He has been notoriously absent, and may not be allowed to play anymore. 
 oh, and the pause for "Friends" was a nice touch. I think that reveals the true, inner warlike nature of MillerKnight. You go, girlfriend! 
 Thurs I can play after Thirtysomething...  but on a serious note, I need some clarification on when AoE lance night is taking place, and when XBox night (Thurs?) is happening. I'll bring some Miller for MK Jason 
 Hey, thanks for trying to squeeze in a few minutes with your friends the weekend you finally fly down to Houston. I wouldn't expect you to make a trip unless you had to. 
 sorry, no 
 I've been working pretty heavily. This past Sat I went to the Rennaisance Festival, which runs for about 7 consecutive weekends in the fall every year in the country north of Houston. It is set up like a huge medieval village with jousting, shops, etc. People dress up like elves, swordsmen, wizards, fairies. (I even saw a fat guy dressed as a fairy) People are really into it, and travel a long way to go. Have you seen the new Ford Thunderbird? Go online if you haven't, and have the big guy look at it, too. I think it looks pretty awesome, but I'm not sure it will be my next car.  Love, Jason 
 Who is playing, and when should we start? Get back at me so I will know when to show up. Thanks, DJ 
 I hear you are good at facilitating a quick "meating" 
 Jonda, be a sport. No one expected YOU to get a T-shirt. You and Beth were getting tube tops.   So was Matt. 
 will you be holding his leash and cleaning up his mess? 
 so are you saying we SHOULD go away over Thanksgiving? 
 you're my angel XOXOXOXOXO 
 Am I the only one sharpening my lance for some AoE this week, or is that SO pre-XBox?  PS: Look at ENE -- the end of an empire 
