 Epcor Merchant & Capital LLP (formerly Encore)  Contract Contact:	Karen Mikkelborg	phone: (403) 717-8121 Business Contact:	Derek Laishley		phone: (403) 717-4610 fax: (403) 7174601   ENMAX  Business Contact:	Marvin Mah		phone: (403) 514-2078 fax: (403) 514-3024 Credit Contact:		Don O'Brien		phone: (403) 514-2073   TransCanada  Business Contact:	Gwen Wenstrom	phone: (403) 216-2910 fax: (403) 920-2464 
 just send the essay at home  I don't know what to do about mom, i don't think fear is the only thing holding her back , i think she is lazy  is there a heart health class in Sudbury that has excercise regimines as well as diets?  when is the last time she saw her doctor 
 to this spreadsheet we should add the $64MM cost for increased operating reserves, the $60MM for taxes and fx 
  here is a spreadsheet that captures the eol price data, an analyst here built it, apparently whenever the price changes in eol it gets sent to a file server and then the macro picks up the new data 
 yes but not 100% that the merger will close 
  I am supposed to talk to her tonight.  What do you think it is? 
 it feels like life at work here is still day to day, we are still having credit issues in buying our gas back, it is difficult to be away for so long,  I don't want to let you down and I feel like a complete heel, but I am terrified 
 yeah i am too conservative, but jessica isn't afraid, i wish she would just stay here 
 a fly fishing book, fly-fishing net, 
 I am not going to fly on Thurs, but Jessica wants to go anyway.  I think I am going to stay.  SHe seems ok with it 
 just baby stuff 
 Still just waiting to see what happens.  Everything is ok though, just a little slow.  Jessica is doing fine.  Take care 
 John Disturnal read/write, the others just read 
 can you move 	Ian Cooke in front of Stephan Chad Bruce beside Brian Gillis Cooper Richey in Ian Cooke's seat beside Chris Dorland Bill Greenizan beside Cooper Richey Hourly beside Bill Greenizan in Chad Bruce's seat 
 i'm going to be in the US from nov 15 to nov 24 
 I am not involved in this, it is Rob Milnthorp's domain. 
 go ahead 
 looks ok to me 
 Kindly terminate all payroll deductions for non-registered plans with Canada Life  Thank you 
 The canadian sap # is 	p00565421 the us sap # is		p00503799  rumor on cnbc is that dynegy is buying enron 
 Just contact me at this e-mail address or 403-974-6749 re your interview 
  It's 2200 miles to Houston, to far to drive  home (403) 685-4817 
 http://www.cnn.com/2001/US/11/05/gen.attack.on.terror/index.html   CNN) -- Seven airport security workers have been suspended after police said a man made it through a security checkpoint at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport with knives, a can of Mace and a stun gun. Security screeners took two knives from Subash Gurung, 27, after he initially went through the checkpoint Saturday night, authorities said. Gurung then was allowed to pass through. Seven more knives, Mace and a stun gun were found in his carry-on luggage during a random search before boarding a United Airlines flight, police said. The suspect, who told authorities he is from Nepal, was arrested Sunday night by the FBI and will be arraigned Monday on a federal charge of unlawfully taking a weapon aboard an aircraft. He originally had been arrested Saturday by local police, charged with two misdemeanors and released on bond. CNN has learned of a possible connection between Gurung and a man who is being held as a material witness in the September 11 terrorist attacks. Gurung listed the same West Hollywood Avenue address in Chicago as the detainee. (Full story </2001/US/11/05/inv.ohare.security.breach/index.html>) In the U.S.-led retaliation for the terror attacks, Taliban forces were leaving their southern Afghan stronghold of Kandahar on Monday as U.S.-led airstrikes intensified. After a quiet day Sunday -- allied planes dropped a single bomb southeast of the city -- CNN's Kamal Hyder reported heavy bombardment of rural districts around Kandahar as well as military targets to the northeast, southeast and west. There were reports of further attacks overnight on the Kajaki Dam area, where a hydroelectric plant is located that provides power to Kandahar. Taliban frontline positions north of Kabul also were hit Monday, and there were reports of intense fighting near the strategic northern city of Mazar-e Sharif. 
 Here is the position summary as of Feb 2, 2002 
 A ok for me 
 jzufferli@shaw.ca, it has changed from jzufferli@home.com 
 can you explain to me what data you are pulling for canadian fixed price positions in the report, it showed chris lambie selling 1200 contracts yesterday.   my records indicate chris sold 145 nymex contracts yesterday.  in general the data (i.e including the var calc) is questionable relative to my reports. 
 That is good 
 Looks ok 
  When you get it can you come talk to me about this   Thanks 
 the phone number for the conference room in calgary is 403-974-6983 
 In the event that your vision is clearing, here is another stick in the eye.  John 
 i have a pcmcia card and the password is jessi 
 Yes 
  Sundance 3: Aug.16 to Sept.13 Sundance 4: July 12 to Aug 6 
 Sundance 3:	Aug. 16 to Sept. 13 Sundance 4:	Jul. 12 to Aug. 6 
 Rick & Laura Figueroa 210 Windrift Ct. Sugarland, TX 77479  Brian & Amy Brewer 11927 Canyon Mills Dr. Houston, TX 77095  Carrie Grin 3502 Burlington St #3 Houston, TX 77006  Mik Cadena 5610 Island Breeze Houston, TX 77041  Can't wait to see you guys.  Sorry if I sounded scatter brained when we talked on Wed, I was trying to watch the gas screen and trade at the same time.  Hope all is well.  John 
 I have no memory of receiving this info.  Can you send me another? 
 derek can you forward me the e-mail for the management conference?  my e-mail puked and deleted everything in my inbox. 
  I want to install some reporting measures on position limits and VAR metrics here in Canada.  Can you give Brian Gillis the necessary access so that he can prepare the reports for me.  If you have any questions give me a call ? 
 looks neat, maybe needs some other coloured wall paint to personalize it 
 There is nothing in my inbox.  I have no form to sign.  Could you deliver me one please? 
 I never wrote nor implied that I was intending to hedge currency exposure with a third party.  I implied that I will hedge with you guys when and where I deem appropriate in the term structure. 
 Since Alberta Power trades 15 times/day and East and West power trade in excess of 1000 times/day, I believe that a 10% allocation for my desk is inappropriate.  I would be willing to settle for 5% and I believe that this is more that generation/ 
 Given the volatility in the gas market (which is the sole impact on the Canadian power book's US dollar exposure) and the exhorbitant cost involved in hedging multi-year cashflows (i.e. as evidenced by Friday 10/19/2001 trade of -$1,200,000 Cdn new deal value for the 14 year swap that I entered into), I will manage the currency exposure of this book myself, I will hedge appropriately when I see fit and will not accept hedges forced on Enron Canada because of arbitrary position limits set by your department.  John Zufferli 
 Once again , the EOL report is ignoring the new customer list that I have given twice now.  They seem to insist that the the Canadian subs that are now tradinig Alberta power that have traded other products on EOL are not new customers. I have all but given up on this issue.  In terms on of # of trades/day for Alberta Power, the numbers for Aug and Sep are low:  August is 24 trades/day not 22 trades/day Sep is 13 trades/day not 8 trades/day  I will check the gas info later 
 Can you spend time with your replacement before you leave? I'll let you know on Monday who that will be.  Good luck in your future endeavours, it is sad to see you go. 
 Where is my preliminary P&L for Oct 16? 
 I plan to attend 
  Looks ok to me from the trading side 
  I agree, I feel the same.  It feels like we are getting left behind. 
  Unfortunately, the timing does not work for me 
 I don't have the P&L summary with post ID's for my gas books as of 10/12 
  Also, where are my gas reports 
  Also, instead of sending me the P&L via e-mail, arrange to have someone here to put the P&L and new deal reports on my desk as usual.  Thanks 
 can you make it more official looking, ideally a fax, signed by you, no worries, there is no liability 
 The currency P&L is missing from the preliminary again.  We shouldn't post P&L to the executive management reports with missing components. 
 BTW, I think I have a bye on this video. 
 I am not sure what New Start is? Any details? 
 What is the asking price of this vehicle? 
  Hey Jim and Greg, Jessica and I sent a card to Chris's wife asking about his well-being and this is the unfornate response.   Sent: Friday, October 05, 2001 3:04 PM Subject: From Anne Wodenshek Jessica and John, Thanks for the card, yes Chris was in the WTC, 105th floor on Tuesday  the 11th...2 days after our 12th wedding anniversary.  I hadn't spoken to  him at all that day and he wasn't able to call after the attack.  I only  hope that he wasn't frightened and that he didn't suffer. Some of the  other people who worked for Chris were able to contact their loved ones and they  said that they were going to be evacuated.  None of the 36 people who  worked for Chris got out, and in total, there were nearly 700 employees of  Cantor, Espeed and TradeSpark that didn't survive. We are all in a state  of shock and disbelief.  Chris would have turned 36 on 9-22.  He was  the most wonderful, hardworking, dedicated, easy going, kind, loving and  respectful person I have ever known.  He never had a bad word to say about  anyone nor was there a bad bone in his body.  The children and I, (5), feel  like our lives ended that same day.  I can't imagine moving on or ever  being happy again.  There is no reason for this dispicable act...this world  will never be the same. There were many articles about Chris in various  papers here in NJ and NY.  I was also on CNN when we were searching for  him.  You can find these at the Starledger.com, NYtimes.com, the Stamford  Advocate, Bergen record and info on the Cantorusa.com website.  I have set  up a trust fund for the children if you are interested.  The address is The  Christopher Wodenshek Children's Trust c/o Attorney Thomas Palace 20 Court  Street Hackensack, NJ. I am not sure if John worked at TFS with Chris,  but that sounds familiar to me.  If so, I wanted to let him know the Ted  Mahoney ( or Maloney?) was also at Cantor and is also amoung the missing. Thanks again for your kind card and prayers.  Please continue to  pray for peace in our and our children's time! Fondly, Anne, Sarah,  Haley, Mollie, WIll and Zachy Wodenshek 
 This is correct, except that a significant portion of his cost should be reapplied to Enron Direct 
 That is the Saturday after the management conference in San Antonio, I was = planning to stay down there for the US thanksgiving.  So tentatively, I won= 't be there  Conference is Nov 14-16 
 YES 
  The import/export units are fine, here is the SD3 SD4 info   - EnronCanada_ENBC.doc << File: EnronCanada_ENBC.doc >> - EnronCanada_ENE1.doc << File: EnronCanada_ENE1.doc >> - EnronCanada_ENE2.doc << File: EnronCanada_ENE2.doc >> - EnronCanada_ENSK.doc << File: EnronCanada_ENSK.doc >> 
 Frank, I forgot about Lon Draper and the options, here is an update. 
 I'll call him, I have to arrange to be there when he can come since it requires me to lift the TV with him. 
  Take the TransCanada Hwy 1 west to Calgary.  This becomes 16 Ave N in the city.  Take Highway 2 south (Deerfoot) when you get in the city.  When you come to the Deerfoot/Glenmore intersection take Glenmore Trail East.  On Glenmore, you'll pass under Macleod Trail (there is a big mall Chinook centre on your right), you'll pass over the Glenmore reservoir.  When you get to Glenmore and 37 st get in the inside lane of Glenmore.  After 45 st, Glenmore will split in 2, stay in the inside (i.e. leftmost lanes).  This fork will lead you to a stop light where you turn left onto Highway 8 Bragg Creek.  On highway 8 you will pass 69st, after the light get in the outside lane and take your next right on Lower Springbank Rd.  At the the stop sign turn left onto Lower Springbank, you should now be going parallel to Highway 8.  After 85 st and before 101st there is a gravel entrance road on your right, take this road, it is 100 feet long and leads to Slopeview Dr, turn left when the gravel road joins the pavement and go to 133 Slopeview Dr. 
 I don't have time to go to your office, you have to come here.  I am in the process of setting curves between 3 and 4. I never know when I am done since I am dependent on Houston currency and gas curves.  So if you could be here at 4 that would be good. 
  Just get with me when you are in 
 Not material so don't do anything. 
 When is the interview date at Wilfred Laurier, Guelph and Waterloo?  Can they all be put on at the same time, either on or off-campus? 
 Do you still have the forms for the 4 hourly people (Tyler, John, Mike, Murray). I tried to go into the PEP and get them but it is closed. 
 one of you guys should go to this 
  To my knowledge we are not building a power plant in Ontario.  I have been meaning to give you a call.  I will try sometime this week.  Talk to you later 
 Sorry for the delay, I had to do it twice since excell blew up on me and I didn't save it.  I hope that this is comprehensive enough. 
 My fax is 403-974-6706 
  ok 
 Assume that the interview was final round 
 I received a spreadsheet from Richter but do you have any contract documentation? 
 I don't remember my userid and password for the e-mail 4-life 
 I have got my page set-up in excel to print all the info.  The info is there.  I just don't think that Kim has her excel page setup to print the info (I assume she is the one printing it out for you).  Do you want me to call her? 
 TransAlta  Business Contact:	Chris MacDowall	phone: (403) 267-6949 phone: (403) 267-6905 
 Stephane Brodeur should be removed from the list. I am not sure about Chris Lambie, whether he is joining the company. Garrett Trip should be added as the Ontario Power trader (that market won't open until May 2002) 
 John Lavorato asked me to contact you regarding any and all info you have on the Owens Corning transaction in Alberta.  Please return my call at 403-974-6749 
 Have you reviewed that ladies resume that I gave you 2 weeks ago?  If so what do you think? 
 Corporately, we are not allowed to trade currency outside of Houston.  In the same way, we can't make markets on other traders' markets.  If EOL has enough products in currency, we may be able to post our numbers on the screen inside of the Houston currency traders' two-ways.  I am unsure if we are even allowed to do this. 
 This letter is good , just get Sharon to give me a copy to sign. 
 I traditionally send them on Tues morning.  I will send it tomorrow. 
 Can you grant Chris Dorland all requested access for EOL trading.  John Zufferli 
 Just replace me with you 
 that was our plan but I am not sure whether UBS has the proper Canadian corporate structure to allow to do that yet 
 i will attend 
 For the trading group, not including back-office staff .....  V.P.		1 - John Zufferli Director		3 - Mike Cowan, John Disturnal, Chris Lambie Manager	1 - Bill Greenizan Associate	2 - Cooper Richey, Rob Downer ( probably Chad Clark and Stephan Brodeur) Analyst		7 - Ryan Watt, Lon Draper, Fabian Taylor, Ian Cooke, Carlos Torres, Chad Clark, Stephan Brodeur Non-Commercal	4 - Murray Fichten, Mike Taylor, Tyler Seminuk, John Messenger   We probably need two more analysts 
 http://www.canadatrader.com/trader/result/affich.asp?sid=61XYHJQ2200250&rubno=4000&pa=17&pr=5 
 This afternoon is busy for Derek and I but we should be able to squeeze in a few minutes 
 I talked to Milly yesterday, he was ok with the concept of covering the 1 month salary.  I talked to Trish and the easiest/non-tax affected way to handle it is to submit expense forms.  The problem is if you sell the car at a loss, then the loss compensation is tax deductible, if you import the car, then the transport costs/imports duties can be submitted as an expense and is not exposed to taxes. I talked to Trish about exactly what you have proposed and she wasn't sure from an equity standpoint between what was given to other employees that she could do that. However, don't worry about it I'll do my best so that you are kept whole in one way or another.  The easiest position for me to push is if you actually want to keep your car, then you can expense the duty. 
 No I don't know about a power plant in Ontario.  How is it going in Seattle?  Hope all is well.  Give us a call sometime. 
 I understand that the car has 130,000 km.  Has the engine been rebuilt? When were the brakes last changed? How is the clutch and transmission? 
 number 1 
 I'll send it Tues morning 
 We can have you sit down with John Disturnal, Chris Lambie and Mike Cowan in informal interviews. 
 CAN YOU SET UP GREG BERRY IN DUNCAN CROASDALE'S OLD SEAT.  THANKS,  JOHN 
 John Zufferli Bill Greenizan Cooper Richey  of Enron will attend 
 One of us will attend 
 Give me a call after 3:00 PM MST tomorrow 
 I don't have a need for traders here in Calgary now.  I don't have a softcopy of the application.  He should think about Harvard and MIT 
 I'll be there 
 can you call me regarding this 
 Yes and send me his resume 
  Good for me 
 I have given Bill Greenizan formal authority to be your direct supervisor.  Bill will be the point person for any questions, development issues and concerns that your group may have.  You are still welcome to approach me at any time.  However, I feel that given my increased responsibilities with the gas group, it would only be fair to the four of you, in terms of career development, to have more frequent and detailed interaction with Bill.  Thank you.  P.S. I would like to make this announcement in person but as you know it is difficult to get all four of you at the same time. 
 We can put him in sean's seat 
 Looking forward to it 
 Sure. 
 I'll be there 
 Things are ok.  How is the new family addition doing? 
 ok 
 I don't have any immediate needs.  I don't know if anyone would want to come work for Canadian Pesos anyway.  Sorry I couldn't be more help.  See you 
 No problem 
  Infield 
  Just respond to Angela with how many seats you think you'll need. 
 Power Trading will need about 6 seats. 
 This sounds fine. 
 I sent a request to reactivate the PowerPool of Alberta's view access to EOL Alberta Gas and Alberta Power.  The request was sent to the help e-mail address 1 week ago.  To date the powerpool has not received access.  Can you inform me how long it will take?  Thank you. 
 Nella, the trade volume info looks correct.  It is the new counterparty info that is incorrect  in Q1 - we had 8 new counterparties for the Alberta Power product in Q2 - we had 2 new counterparties for the Alberta Power product 
 Have you got you Enron Online reactivated yet? 
 Feb 1  AEC Marketing physical gas Calpine Canada Natural Gas Partnership (Encal) physical gas El Paso Merchant Energy physical gas Williams Energy Marketing 
 Here is a copy of the script.  Let me know if you have any comments.  We can meet at my house at around 7:30 PM tonight.  133 Slopeview Drive phone:	685-4817  Can every dress up in as bushman or farmer outfit as you have.  It might be funny for Rob to wear a hockey jersey with the letter C on it.  Does anyone have a chalkboard?  Kyle can you bring you abacus? 
 This seems fine. 
 Sorry Nella, I replied a while ago directly to Rob Milnthorp 
 As a policy we only provide this info to customers who do business with us. 
 yes 
 No problem.  Just arrange it with Angela. 
 Can you re-activate the Alberta Power Pool Access to EnronOnline.  Although this entity doesn't trade, it is important that they have access to the Alberta Gas and Alberta Power product for view only.  This is a government entity that controls important gas generators in the province. They use our info about AECO gas in dispatching these units and they are an advocate for electricity trading in the province.  Therefore, they need to see the Alberta Power market data on EOL.  Thank You  John Zufferli 
 Looks right 
   I didn't see accumap added to the new list that was sent by chris behney,  the nova, oasis and power pool of alberta accounts that were added in yellow were inappropriately added as these are not data sources that require purchasing, they are simply accounts to set-up much like a membership account 
 Do you have our flight info? 
 Call us from London when youget there 
 Jason can you make a power point slide with the following spreadsheet.  Just use the number of trades and volume of trade columns (i.e. the first two) 
  can you update slides 13-16 as of end of July 
 We should make reservations for:  John Lavorato Rob Milnthorp Derek Davies John Zufferli Eric LeDain John MacKay Chris Lambie John Disturnal Mike Cowan 
 I am sure that John Lavorato will want to see a presentation for the Alberta Power Fundamentals.  To save the hassle of develop powerpoint slides.  Is there a way that we can simply tie a projector to the computer and run it off of our website.  Additionally, can you enter the new known generation in the database. I am sure that he will want to see this as well.  He will be in the office on Wed afternoon. 
 these are all ok 
 The balancing pool committed in the their beginning of year release to dispatch Milner as follows:  70 MW @ $0 50 MW @ $35.49  Milner has been down for maintenance until recently.  Since coming back from maintenace, the 50 MW block @ $35.49 has disappeared.  We analyzed the offer stack and it appears that Milner has the full 120 MW @ $0  I called Doug Heath to discuss this.  He hasn't called me back.  The issue I raised last week about Sherness dispatch is OK. I received a justified answer.  However, this Milner issue is harder for th pool to defend.  Can we pursue this.   Thanks  John 
 unsubscribe pjm-customer-info 
 one thing, we should wait before we dole out all 250 until we hear from others 
 I was talking to John Lavorato just this morning and he said that he e-mailed you a memo that described the topics that he wanted to talk about next week. Do you have a copy of that? 
 I am interested 
 Looks pretty cool.  I think we can use it 
 I recognize that Aug 17 is Jason Garvey's last day, I am fine with that date. 
  Karim , this is the deal that I was talking about this morning.  Albert is saying that it should have appeared in Friday's P&L.  Can you check this with him and let my know today.  When you said it was in tonights P&L, I think Albert was talking about the Telus deal not the Cisson deal. 
 It didn't, check with Karim and let me know today.  Thanks 
 Will the Telus and Cisson deal appear tonight?  Because I haven't seen the Cisson deal of +53K yet? 
 Not really, maybe 0.5 HR in Aug only, rest in unchanged 
  who at UBS should we talk to? 
 sure 
 From the beginning of the year to July 25  No of Trades:		1247 MWH:			6,537,273 Notional Value:		CDN$ 570,602,236 Counterparties (10):	Aquila Canada Conoco Canada Duke Energy Marketing Ltd Dynegy Canada El Paso Merchant Energy Engage Canada Enmax Energy Corp Idaho Power Company TransAlta Energy Marketing TransCanada Energy Financial Products 
 My wife and I will be there 
 I'll be there 
 Thanks for making the changes on the P&L and fixed price positions report.  Can you also change the natural gas basis position by trader report from MacKay to Lambie? 
  Does this resume interest you? 
 Congrats, Harvard is OK not as good as Chicago though. Just joking 
 Can you change John MacKay's name in the Natural Gas Fixed Price Positions by Trader, Natural Gas Basis Positions by Trader, Natural Gas P&L to Chris Lambie. John is being relocated to Houston and Chris Lambie is now in charge of the Alberta Gas Term Desk.  Additionally, can you merge the P&L under  MacKay and Add. Trading into one line item and call it Lambie. Therefore Lambie should be (41,480) as of yesterday's report. 
 I won't have it until tomorrow morning because of a deal entry error in my 2002 position 
 when? i am free anytime this aft 
 ok 
 Same price as other volume, start date is fine, e-mail me for confirm 
 Your numbers amount to a adjustment of (1,746,675), were the total 2nd order from Jun 29 was (1,891,851), now I understand that I would receive a some negative 2nd order to explain some of this difference I just thought that (145,176) difference (i.e. (1,891,851-1,746675) which should be the true 2nd order) was a bit high. 
 The total 2nd order up to and including July 16 is (1,891,851) 
 Karim, I don't want to wait till month end, let's adjust the numbers now and for the June 29 2nd order, lets take that value into June since it relates to July puts. 
 unable to attend at that time due to a prior appointment,  I can meet with you individually later some time 
 should be ok 
 Lets try before Fri, as I am planning to take that day off 
 NO 
 1 user of accumap  I'll look into the other issues, I just thought that you may know who may be handling it, we may just do it directly from Calgary 
  Offer price is $61.50 
 This is not just a July 6 issue.  Before June 29, my 2nd order effects have been less thatn 15000 CDN$.  For the following days, my 2nd order effects have been:  June 29		C$ (216,729) July 2		C$ (140,533) July 3		C$ (212,285) July 5		C$ (117,156) July 6		C$ (385,535) July 9		C$ (264,504)  What is going on?  Can you explain ? 
  Can you explain this in english to me??  This just talks about July 6, what about the days since June 29.  I hope that the curves for today came down ok. 
 John,  I lost the following on 2nd order in the options book (in Canadian $):  June 29: 	(216,759) July 2:		(140,533) July 3:		(212,285) July 5:		(117,156) July 6:		(385,535) July 9:		(264,504)  Total		(1,336,772)  Prior to June 29, the largest 2nd order was <15,000 
  I think you need to do this.  They want the info today for PRC reasons. 
 home number is (403) 685-4817 
  according to the packet that was distributed in the meeting today with BC, it appears that Calpine, El Paso, Williams, AEC Marketing, AEC Storage are all FEB 1, this doesn't jive with what you just sent, wassup? 
 I sent you an update of the Hedge Summary for July 3, 2001.  In that I mentioned that I bought 125 MW of Cal02 at 10 HR flat.  I am long over 500 MW at this heat rate.  The biggest risk in this position is a large hydro year that tanks the Mid-C (i.e. uncorrelated event with gas).  Mid-C off-peak is $47 USD, Nymex fixed price for Cal02 is $3.79 USD and Sumas basis is $0.16 for Cal02.  This implies a heat rate of close to 11.9 for the off-peak Mid-C.  I am thinking about buying back some AECO gas hedge for Cal02, then selling Mid-C off-peak to replace the gas hedge.  Perhaps as winter blow-out protection, buy some Jan-Feb Sumas basis.  The trade for a 25 MW long Alberta flat position would be: a) sell 25 MW of Mid-C off-peak b) buy 0.25 contracts /day of AECO fixed price Cal02 gas (i.e. to unwind the off-peak Alberta portion of the the gas hedge) c) buy 0.25 contracts/day of Sumas Jan-Feb basis  See what you think?? 
 Here is the hedge summary for July 3/01.  Two things to note are: 	1) I bought 125 MW of Cal 02 flat from Mirant for a 10 GJ/MWh heat rate 2) There is now a 20 year AECO basis curve, so the fixed price AECO gas from cal 15 on is generated off this curve.  Before the AECO basis curve stopped at Cal 14 
 yes thanks John 
 Yes, he said to leave the reports the same as it is now 
 I tried to answer you but my response was returned undelivered.  Basically, the pool is agnostic, it pays power producers for the pyhsical energy delivered to the grid and it charges power consumers for energy taken from the grid.  Any financial arrangements between the buyers and sellers are not known to the pool.  The only mechanism the pool uses for physical power transactions is the direct sale mechanism.  The terms and volume of these direct sales are entered in the pool's trading system.  The pool then subracts the volume of the direct sale from the consumers and producers meter and pays/charges the producer/consumer on the net volume (i.e actual production-direct sales or actual consumption-direct sales) 
 I just need the positions aggregated, I don't need the desks broken out 
 Financial settlement occurs between Enron and the customer.  The pool is agnostic to what its participants do (i.e. generators that do 3rd party physical hedge are still paid by the pool, consumers of electricity who do 3rd party physical hedges also pay the pool) 
 I will attend 
 I hope stock goes to $35 so I can buy it at reasonable levels.  Things are well here. 
 Please give Enpower access to Murray Fichten, John Messenger, Mike Taylor, Tyler Seminuk 
 garrett, you should look into buying an advanced ticket to come up to calgary for a week in a week or so, we can go through next steps, fundies, etc.  BTW, we got 3 feet of snow in the mountains this weekend, powder everywhere!!! 
 I was meaning to give you a call this week and inquire as to when you guys are planning to come up.  Things are good here.  Feeling poor as well. 
 John Lavorato already said that he would make JD report directly to Canada. 
 Here are my comments on the original guarantee  My phone is 974-6749 
  Here is the list updated with responsibility names. 
 Here is the spreadsheet that I sent you at the beginning of the year when we set the curve marks to show the NPV 600,0000 CDN. These are the heat rates that I am referencing in the Hedge Summary sheet. 
  If you look at the Cal 03-Cal 10 period, you see that there are roughly 25,000,000 MWh.  Two days ago, 1 had only 6.5 contracts/day hedged. In the past two days, I sold 2.5 contracts/day.  In the past two days, the Cal 03-10 swap has increased C$0.47. 
 Does this information reflect the additions of the IBOC or not? Otherwise the info seems to be what is going on right now. 
 Yes I am 
 I was wondering why I am not eligible yet.  I sent gave my agreement forms to Tricia Henry yesterday. 
 1) For a full requirements deal, I would like some sense of the load shape of the customer.  Having just monthly total energy consumption is not enough to price a deal. 2) The all requirements price may be less or greater than the peak price, it is dependent on load shape. 3) That is correct. 
 Danielle, in general we need everything that Houston gets in addition to the info that is listed as Calgary on your spreadsheet.  One information source in not listed on your sheet.  IHS Accumap		Priority 2	Contact: Carmen (403) 770-4503 phone, (403) 874-4218 cell  Can you tell me if anyone in Houston is working on setting up accounts with NOVA, Power Pool of Alberta, OASIS, ESBI?  These are gas and power related entities that we have to have accounts with the schedule physical gas and electricity. 
 can we possibly move this meeting up from 3:30 PM to sooner? 
 they are working it still 
 subject to mechanical inspection from the Vancouver Porsche dealership. 
 We have traditionally have had currency issues in Canada regarding P&L preservation versus cashflow preservation.  We have been valued in P&L under the US$ but due to Revenue Canada reasons our functional currency has been C$ (i.e.  the preponderence of cashflows were in C$ from the legacy gas deals, PetroCanada, Suncour, etc, and the PPA position).  Since trader evaluation at year end has been in US$, traders would hedge C$ positions immediately as the trade occured.  The hedge would extend until the position rolled of his book.  From a P&L systems point of view, this would preserve the trader's P&L in US$.  However, from a treasury point of view currency risk would still exist until cash exchange hands; these cash exchange dates were different for financial trades, physical trades and inter-company trades.  There was also some currency risk (albeit small) between billing dates from SAP and settlement dates of the respective trade type.  It is my opinion that the functional currency should match the evaluation currency in order to mitigate many of the above problems.  To a certain extent, I am indifferent if it is US$ or C$.  The timeline of the decision is being driven by our accounting group who need to set up the SAP system.  They are trying to work within a deadline to have the company capable of performing transactions by Jan 29.  This is the date that they have been told to meet by Houston.  As a result, we would need a determinination of the functional currency by Mon Jan 28. 
 you should request this from eric ledain or derek davies, they have the current list 
 yes i gave him a verbal 
  i lifted it last night for 82,000 
 will this be video conferenced in calgary 
 Can you send me the Jan 18 trades and marks as well as today's trades and marks before 3:00 PM today,  thanks  John 
 A buddy of mine is selling this stuff and is just starting out, if you need a helmet, contact him. 
 no the packages haven't come in.  Kacz's called a we are going to pick up the gift.  Warburg is still progressing, just waiting on offer letters.  I will be in charge of canadian trading, that will include ontario power - a new market that i will have to learn about. 
 can you prepare how the ontario market works presentation for myself and derek davies 
 No I never got the sweater. I was thinking about that on the weekend.  I'll pick up the gift for you. 
 hey janet, i haven't received the new phone in number yet, not sure if you have it yet 
 WOW, that was higher than I thought.  That is not much different than mine and higher than other Directors in the office.  I am not blowing smoke, but given my experience, there is nothing that I can do at the immediate time. 
 i don't even know your salary now. 
 I am reading your mail, I have asked for the same thing regarding my base. Especially since I came up here with a base salary converted at 1.48 CDN/USD and with no raise since being here at 1.61 CDN/USD I have received a 9% pay cut relative to my peers in Houston.  Not to mention that my base salary is $50-$100 USD/year lower than what other shops are offering.  However, after three attempts, I have been unsuccessful in championing my own cause. 
   Can you send my curves and trades for Jan 18 
 Can Dorland and Chad meet me and Mili in Video 1 at 9:30 and when these guys come back can Cowan and Lambie come to Video 1 
 After some brief discussions with UBS in Houston, we must wait before we can make final determination of our functional currency.  We may be evaluated in Canadian dollars rather than American.  I must get some direction from UBS 
  403-974-6706 
 do you have the internet addresses and directory details put togethor yet 
 I can't afford to bump anyone, unfortunately all the people on this list are top notch.  We are trying to separate the cream from the cream.  Given that, and working on the assumption that Dan D is a rock star (i.e. not knowing him from Adam otherwise) I think we should relace Lalani with him. 
 Cooper is doing fine he is still breathing according to him 
 Check out www.segalmotorcar.com 
 things are going well,hectic but more steady now that we are bought by UBS, at least steady in mind  jess is doing well, just 6 weeks left, she is getting to the uncomfortable phase now  how are you doing in portland? 
 Yes, he worked for me, he ran the AECO option book, we let him go since we were not sure of our future at the time, he is setting up the BP Amoco options desk  He is a very smart guy and understand options very well, he is late thirties and has been trading for some time 
 congrats to Ali  I had to fly to houston on monday on last minute notice, we have been bought by UBS Warburg, I hope that the deal works out and looks good for me, don't know yet but I am excited, how is the condo going? 
 can er make this earlier, not sure I'll be in fri aft 
 Is is possible to import a lotus elise and get it converted to left-hand drive and road compliant?  I was wondering if you knew how to do it and how much it would cost  Thank you. 
 Here is a list of products and counterparties 
 Nella here is a list of products that we would launch on EOL in NETCO.  Assume the the products listed under the Financial heading are launched on day 1 and the the products listed under the Physical heading are launched at a later date. 
 Enron Canada Power Corp acknowledges the change in the sink asset from CH1A to CH1U for contract #1947 for the period of Jan 01, 2002 HE1 to Dec 31, 2002 HE24   Thank you John Zufferli 
 i waited for 15 min, i guess the conference call was cancelled? 
 what is your number at work? 
 If the legacy deals move to NETCO then we need the ability to trade Canadian gas.  Canada would not be out of business if we only traded US denominated financial products but it reduce our daily transactions by 75%. 
 Dad asked if I wanted to lend you some money but I am reluctant to do it at this point in time since:  a) I am not completely at liberty to touch all the cash that I have received lately for concern that it may be taken bank under potential creditor action against Enron.  Unfortunatelty, without this cash, I really can't afford to lend any.  The cash that I received recently represents 80% of the cash that I have and I am not sure when I can count on this cash with any degree of certainty.  Therefore, I am reluctant to touch this money for at least 6 months.  b) As of right now, I don't have a job after Feb. 28.  The new company deal that Enron is trying to structure with its traders and a new buyer will not be done until the month.  If this deal falls through, then I have to find a job with another company.  In this case, it is most likely that I will have to move back to the US since my contacts and the most lucrative opportunities (i.e. compared the the new Enron deal) are there.  c) If I had the cash to give, Dad asked that I could give you a discount to the bank mortgage.  With discount rates near 5%, even if I gave you a mortgage at 4%, I don't think the monthly interest saving for you would be material enough.  d) I think it is good for you to develop a credit rating with a bank through a mortgage.  It is very beneficial for later on in life.  Paying visa bills does help you a bit in this category, but not like a mortgage.   Hopefully, you can get the financing from a bank.  I think that this is the best solution in the long run. 
 I am interested in a program for myself.  I am 33 years old, have been inactive for 6 months.  I am 6' 1'' and 225 lbs.  I can easily ride 50 km at about 27 km/h on flat terrain.  I would like to lose 15 lbs, improve my speed an definitely improve my hill climbing ability.  I live at 3800 ft altitude and hill climbing is very difficult.  I hit lactate threshold fairly quick.  Thanks 
 yes 
 Its OK  John Zufferli 
 you can increase the direct sale to include Dec 31, 2001  Thank you  John Zufferli 
 You should talk to Jess about that, she is due March 2 but I am not sure when her mom is coming and going.  I would think that the 2 week in march is good though.  Look forward to seeing you tomorrow. 
 Here is the update list that you requested. Mike Cowan, Chris Lambie, Chad Clark, Chris Dorland, Lon Draper Cooper Richey, John Zufferli also needs access to the Nymex EOL website.  Mike Cowan, Chris Lambie, Chad Clark, Chris Dorland need access to US west and east basis markets as well. 
 i am waiting on the conference call and no one is on it yet? 
 nothing new here, when is your flight? have you found any condos yet? 
  In addition to a list of software and systems that is being compiled for th= e Calgary office, all required spreadsheets for the Calgary trading operati= ons (i.e. the sheets that the traders use) has been compiled in "secure on = 'ectcal\calgary'(I:)\Trading\NewCo" 
 Please set up access for the digital certificate under Enron for TAU and I understand that they will have access to report viewing and submissions.  Thank you.  John Zufferli 
  Here is the info for the commercial staff  John Z 
  Enron is willing to perform the operation under question (1) but not (2) and (3) as we have no control over these processes and only have control over process (1). The System Controller can contact Enron Canada Power Corp at the number in your files. 
 I will have 4 books:  CAND-MGMT-BAS for all AECO and DAWN BASIS CAND-MGMT-GD for fixed price AECO and DAWN CAND-MGMT-PR for NYMEX CAND-MGMT-PWR fot Alberta, MID-C, Ontario, NY, NEPOOL, PJM, Cinergy power 
 Nicole and everyone, I think the directory is i:\canadian\energy service\integrated solutions\counterparty talks.xls 
 not yet, rob has been in the court house all day 
 very busy, jess is ok just scared 
 This is a trade with OIL-SPEC-HEDGE-NG (John Lavorato's book) and John Zufferli's book CAND-PWR-PR  CAND-PWR-PR buys from OIL-SPEC-HEDGE-NG Nymex Gas  Cal 03			38,500 MMBtu/day		$3.2978 Cal 04-Cal 05		35,000 MMBtu/day		$3.4482 Cal 06-Cal 10		40,000 MMBtu/day		$3.7369 Cal 11-Cal 15		18,500 MMBtu/Day		$4.2057  Please Confirm Receipt   John Z 
 Some of my position is with the Alberta Term book, I will send you only the positions that I have directly with ENA. 
 2 
 Analyst					Rank  Stephane Brodeur			1 Chad Clark				1 Ian Cooke				3 Lon Draper				1 Fabian Taylor				2 Carlos Torres				3 Ryan Watt				1  Associate  Cooper Richey				1 
 i think the YMCA has a class that is for people recovering from heart-attacks i remeber something about that 
