 Ben  You want to go get lunch ? 
 Hi Kristi  Hope things are going well. I got your email address from Andrea, who also told me you'd moved to Pittsburgh.  Enron implosion is in full progress and I think this week, we will be left with 30% of our original size.  On the gas power and trading, there are numerous groups who are trying to work out other opportunities, but we will have to wait and see.  Keep me posted on what you are upto.    Harry 
 Thanks Andrea 
 Jeanie  I have a couple of questions of you, when you get a chance, can you give me a call.  Nothing significant, call me when you get a chance.  Harry 
 3:30 at Starbucks on West gray 
 Were you looking for me ? 
 11:45 at La Griglia (on West Gray) ? 
 Mark Schindler Director Wachovia Securities Corporate & Investment Banking 212-891-5003 646 734 6954 mark.schindler@wachovia.com 
 Max  I am glad you liked the presentation.  I had a look at the tool-kit - I think it is a good brief description of various products.  I did forward your email to Iris Mack and she might be able to provide you further input on that. She is also available as a resource (as a derivatives specialist) to analyze clients risk and provide solutions.  I would be more than happy to discuss any specific client situations you have and what we could offer to them. Would be happy to sit down and discuss more stuff with you if you are interested.   Harry 
 Sure. That should be fun. Anything we can bring ?   Harry 
 Stacey  What is this dual trigger option - can you give me some background on this one ?   Harry 
 Sure 
  Lets work with these curves. Ignore my comments in the fourth column.   Harry 
 Am on my way. See ya in a few.  Harry 
 I left a message for Greg, that we'd be prepared to show a 3$ bid if that includes capacity.  I did underline the point that we are not too excited to buy but nevertheless will show an indicative bid.  Let me know if you have any questions.   Harry 
 TJae  Can you mark me down for a half day (sick day) for today. Was feeling terri= ble this morning.   Harry 
 Cathy  Tried calling you earlier today but looks like there is something wrong with your phone (x34049).  Unfortunately I will not be able to make it tomorrow , but my colleague Doug Smith (3-9310) who runs our Ercot trading group has agreed to take my spot.  I told him this was for 2 hours. Can you give me a call and let him know the details. I did give Doug my folder.   Thanks   Harry 
 wow 
 Congrats Jeff  I dont think there could be anyone better and more capable  to take this challenging position. Good luck.   Harry 
 Teresa  CMS Trading is unable to trade on my option numbers. The trader there is Lingard Fitch (not sure if I am spelling his name right). Could you pls followup on this one.   Harry 
 Whats going on dude ? Where are you headed ? Are you in town or leaving Hou.  Give me a call when you get a chance. 713-853-6750 and home is 713-802-0560. Good luck on your new endeavor.   Harry Arora 
 I could do 3rd November or 1st December, which ever you'd like.   Harry 
 Frank  I was on vacation last week. Feel free to stop by anytime. Would be happy to be of any help.   Harry 
 Iris  what is the difference between this spark spread function call and the one = being used in the spreadsheets we use ?   Harry 
 Greg   VOM - I think we did $2, Brandon should be able to confirm, I know it was 7x24, with 8 hour min run Re size - our interest is atmost 250 MW  Capacity in the ECAR market is important from a reliability aspect.  For example we could sell totally synthetic tolls and they would not be as valuable as the toll  off a plant in the region. Thats where the capacity comes into play. Moreover as RTOs come in, there might be an explicit ICAP market for ECAR.    Harry 
 Warren   I spoke to Pushkar Shahi and he would be happy to chat with you. His number is 713-853-9199. He trades lots of bonds, notes and eurodollars.   Harry 
 Mason  Did Rob make a price on the ANP. If not can we finalilze a price on this toll and give John Llodra a call.  Harry 
 We got to check this one out - see how it works.   Harry 
 Hi Darren   You sure did.  The whole thing going around here just convinces me how the basic economics and business ideas work as they should.  They all loved us for nearly four years - we could not do anything wrong and now they hate everything about us. The investors and the street is silly and stupid.  While one should spend time looking for the next Microsoft, one should spend time looking for the next Enron.  As for the future,  I am neutral - we have a fair chance of pulling it through, though there are significant risks. If our strength is the intellectual captial - the traders and marketeres (you never hear the term franchise) - why would they hang out here for too long, the only thing holding them here is availability of capital and the tolerance of that capital to take risk.  Once the capital is gone, its hard to see the traders and deal makers stay.  In the end, its  hard to say we will survive to be the biggest and baddest commodity trading house but we sure did pioneer it.   Harry 
 Karen   Since I will be interviewing on Thursday, I'd like to have Rob Stalford, in my group (he is the option trader) to interview for the Associate / Analyst program on Saturday. Does that work ? Rob is a manager. Could you check for me .  Harry 
 Greg, I would love to do that. My location is 3121.   Harry 
 Rob   We need some-one from the trading desk to interview for associate analyst program. You may not be particularly excited, but I did suggest your name for the Super saturday on Nov 3rd.  Hope you can work it in your schedule. If it does not work for you, lets chat about it tomorrow.   Harry 
 Dave  I had a great time last evening.  Do you have a personal email address ?   Harry 
 Karen  I suggested Rob  take my position on Saturday, looks like instead of replacing my spot with him, you just added him. Could you pls take me off ?   Harry 
 Woody  Did this include any ICAP ? Do we have any idea of who is bidding that one ? I think we need to frame a reverse RFP on this one to see if we could get some-one to buy 4.50$ without the congestion.   Harry 
 Sure 
 Karen   Just to confirm, I am not doing these interviews.   Harry 
 My mistake, I am good for Thursday.   Harry 
 Hi Roy   Good to hear from you.  I am glad to hear things are going well. This consolidation in the markets and the economy has been quite severe. I can tell you it has not been fun working with a 50 multiple company either as the p/e contracts to 7.  But nevertheless this had been interesting times.  We ramped down DealBench in good time. It was a good decision and precipitated some good thinking. Practically, everyone moved out of ecommerce. Its just crazy when you think how things were 18 months ago. . Power trading has been immensely interesting. I am running the options desk and we have had a decent year.  Energy trading is fascinating and coupled with my macro background from bond trading,it becomes lot of fun.  Say hi to Loreli. Do let me have your Hong Kong phone number.   Harry 
 Greg  1. Who made these prices ?  2. Is this a into TVA product  3. Is this a 3 yr starting 2003 they are asking for ?  4. How much size are they interested in ?  5. Is this a day ahead 5x16 (16 hour minimum) product or is there a 4hr/8hr min ?   Harry 
 Shaka man  Hope you are having a good time.  Things did indeed move out of control sooner than anyone could have imagined.  Its been one heck of an experience watching the situation and learning about how leadership works and how markets can make you and destroy you.  As to what next, my first idea is to just take time off and chill out for a few weeks and then see what to do next.  Talk to you soon   Harry 
 Hi Nik   This is the nasty side of American business.  There is nothing to be embarassed or discouraged about.  These are hard times and I think your graduation timing is no help either.  People graduating '98 through '00 had it goood.  But hang in there, opportunities are fewer, but they are out there.  You might want to broaden your search into energy and healthcare.  Enron is one heck of a story. What a ride !  The only conclusion I have is, next time I see some professor about efficient stock markets, I am going to smack him bad. As hard it is to manage businesses in trouble, it is not easy to manage businesses which are over-valued either. There is huge propensity for management to be complacent and attribute it to themselves, while it might be the investors folly and nothing more.  I have been on the ride up and down and all I can say is you live and you learn.  I will look out for opportunities out here. Enron is trying to stay close to core businesses but the energy industry in general is still hiring and complacent. You keep at it bud, and things are going to get better.  This market economy beast can be hard to handle at times but in the end it works out. Say hi to Cindy and Noah.    Harry 
 Iris   The power prices are not financially settled, they are settled by physical delivery, the gas prices are settled against 'Gas Daily' index. What we will need to also look at is, the contractual provision, for 2003 onwards, when the RTO is expected to kick in.  Also, lets look at some other term sheets and make a more robust one. What might be a good idea is to call John Llodra and see if he has any old ones he could mail us.   Harry 
 This is for energy only, i.e, its an into product, but we may source it from anywhere in the market.   Harry 
 What is the exact location (in terms of LMP) - is this a PJM east or PJM west hub ? Is it connected to NY, either Zone G or Zone J ? 
 What I heard was this was being handled by Exelon guys, so it makes sense.  These guys prefer dealing with old utiliity guys and so we will need to break-in to get access to some of these deals.   Harry 
 Thats wierd. 
 Greg  There has been just too many rumors flying around here to quote real long term deals.  Give me a day or so to put numbers on long dated deals.   Harry 
 Ben  1. Bruce Sukaly did call me and I am having  lunch with him tomorrow. 2. Could you share more of the presentation you have? It is very informative about their thought processes and ideas. It would be nice to gloss through that whole thing (I dont need to keep a copy or anything)  Harry 
 Greg  As you know, following the downgrade, there is total inability for us to trade.  I dont think it makes any sense to put any numbers anywhere.  Give me a call and I would like to chat about various stuff should trade and where the current markets are.  Hope you are doing well.   Harry Arora 
 Yolanda  I will be attending the ski outing - I am not sure about my arrival and departure dates, but I did put tentative dates. Once I make my bookings I will update you on my final dates. I might stay an extra day, and will pick that up. Thanks   Harry 
 Suresh  For the next two weeks, I'd like you to focus on the following.  1. Development frame-work and getting Zach upto speed Specs for Syndication report & testing & production date Finalize questionnaire and production date Modifications to Invitee and User stats 2. EnronOnline auctions - structure, and hash out details to enable kick off 3. Legal frame-work , shorten contracts for both deal-rooms and auctions 4. Marketing materials for procurement - and