 Thanks for rounding up the tickets for the Orange Bowl.  You can mail them to me, or just hold them until I see you after Christmas.  Mike's wife decided not to make the trip, so he won't be using the tickets.  Jody Crook will use the other two tickets.  Lunch during the week between Christmas and New Years sounds great to me.  I will be working that week, but would be glad to meet you guys at Champions for lunch if that is best.  Or if you are game for Irma's, just let me know when you would like to come downtown.  --Sally 
 Did Debbie talk with the two of you before putting together her memo?  Is she raising this to me because she wasn't comfortable with the outcome of her conversations with you two, or did she skip that step?  Just curious, before I send any type of response.  I would need details from you around the process for updates to Entelligence and Global Counterparty.  Surely one feeds the other?  --Sally 
 I have attended three ASE's and would be happy to visit with you about my opinions.  I will ask Patti to schedule a meeting.  --Sally 
 Well, I didn't get this out to you before I left the office last night.  I was still pouring over bonus info until 9:30, and decided to call it quits at that point.  Here are some of the things that I would like to do next week:  review your action plan to move the close and officialization of London books to same day,  to replicate, if appropriate,  an Operational Risk information session for London counterparts (you and I can  review early in the week what we are doing here in Houston today and modify the info for Europe)  discuss the Doorstep process with you and, if you deem appropriate, your business controllers in the   London office who will participate in Doorstep reviews this year (clear up and questions and get your input  on how to continually improve the process),  discuss with Mark Pickering the technology dependencies of the London office related to speeding up   London's information for the corporate DPR  do some planning with you for the February 12 & 13 ASE  discuss the feasibility of utilizing our operational pricing model in London  discuss your ideas and thoughts on CommodityLogic and other ideas around potential commercialization of  mid and back office services   In addition, I would like to meet with anyone in the London office that you think would be beneficial.  Through Nicki Scott, I understand that Michael Brown would like to meet with me so we are setting that up.  I will also spend some time with Beth Apollo and Ted Murphy while I am there.  And I plan to meet with Fernley as well.  Any other suggestions on topics or people to see?  I think that we have lunch already on the calendar for Wednesday. 
 Please see following details for Friday's brainstorming session:  Date: Friday, January 12, 2001 Time: 8:30 - 2:00 PM (Continental breakfast & lunch will be served) Place: Four Seasons Hotel 1300 Lamar St. "Highland" Room (to the right, upstairs to 2nd floor, then left) Parking: Stamp will be provided in meeting room to validate parking tickets  Thanks, Patti x39106 
 I hope that your holidays were wonderful.  I thoroughly enjoyed the week of vacation that I took before Christmas.  It was fun to be home with the children, although I certainly worked hard -- up every night until very late either baking or wrapping gifts or writing notes on last minute Christmas cards.  I plan to be in the London office next week.  I will leave Houston on Sunday evening and will arrive in London Monday morning.  After a stop by the hotel, I should be in the office after lunch.  I plan to be there through Thursday, and will fly back to Houston on Friday morning.  I have a number of things planned to review with Mike Jordan.  Some of the major goals for the trip are:  to review Mike Jordan's action plan to move the close and officialization of London books to same  day,  to replicate an Operational Risk information session for London counterparts (we are doing this in Houston  on January 11 for managers and above within Operations for EA, EGM and EIM),  to discuss the Doorstep process with Mike's business controllers in the London office who will participate in  Doorstep reviews this year,  to discuss with Mark Pickering the technology dependencies of the London office related to speeding up  London's information for the corporate DPR  I also plan to visit with Mike on the feasibility of utilizing our operational pricing model in London and his thoughts on CommodityLogic and other ideas around potential commercialization of mid and back office services.  Mike also has some members of the London team that he would like for me to meet.  Other things planned are spending some time with Beth Apollo and Ted Murphy. Ted and I will have a conference call with Shona and Cassandra (and team) for a download on the New York metals Doorstep review that is taking place this week.  I would welcome your participation in any or all of the above.  In addition, I hope that you may have some time for the two of us to touch base.  Also, if you have an opening for lunch or dinner, do let me know.  I have been in the throws of bonus allocations this week, but hope that today I can start to finalize my calendar for next week.  --Sally 
 This one is pretty funny... 
 The other place in San Antonio is Westin's La Canterra.  I will contact both and get info.  Then we should make reservations soon.  I'll call Cindy tonight and fill her in.  -Sally 
 I plan to work out of the London office during the week of January 15.  I will leave Houston on Sunday and will be in the London office starting around noon on Monday.  I will be back in the Houston office on Monday, January 22. The primary goals of the trip are:  to work with Mike Jordan on an action plan to move the close and officialization of London books to same  day,  to replicate an Operational Risk information session for London counterparts (we are doing this in Houston  on January 11 per my e:mail to you for managers and above within Operations),  to hold a training session for business controllers in the London office who will participate in Doorstep   reviews this year (outside EEL),  to discuss with Mark Pickering the technology dependencies of the London office related to speeding up  London's information for the corporate DPR  Patti Thompson (x39106) will have a detailed itinerary in hand if you need to reach me at any time next week. 
 I love it!!  I think that is perfect.  Much easier for my family and probably for everyone else.  That way we can probably do this on their anniversary, assuming that works for everyone.  Removing some of the travel hassels should mean that everyone would have a better time, too.  Hyatt Hill Country is one obvious choice - I was there in November and it is still very nice.  There is a newer resort in the area also.  I can't think of the name of it offhand, but David knows and I will get the name from him tonight and call you. --Sally 
 Right now, I am booked at 47 Park for next week.  I would love to be closer to the office, but I don't know if there is anything that makes sense.  Any suggestions?  If not something close to the office, would you suggest another spot besides 47 Park?  I am committed to working on my agenda for next week before I leave the office tonight.  I will e:mail you tomorrow to see if we can schedule a time to meet and hopefully a lunch or dinner, too.  --Sally 
 I will attend the meeting on Thursday, but will have to leave around 1:15 to make it to a meeting at the Doubletree where I am speaking at 1:30.  Thanks. 
 Jeff, thanks for taking care of this for Fred. --Sally 
 Lexi:  In our meeting last week, I thought that we handled both Greg and Ryan, and were comfortable with Round 1 interviews only (2 interviewers) with this disposition:  Greg as a keeper (wasn't he the one who worked in the career center?) and no to Ryan.  I will be glad to do a phone interview this week with    Enron North America Corp. 
 Please see following details for Thursday's operational risk meeting:  Date: Thursday, January 11, 2001 Time: 1:00 - 4:00 PM Place: Hyatt Regency Hotel "Regency" Room (up escalators to 2nd floor, next to gift shop) Subject: Operational Risk Attendees: All Energy Operations Managers and above (ENA, EIM, EGM)  Please note: If you are unable to attend for any reason, please contact Sally at ext. 35926.  Thanks, Patti x39106 
 Please make every effort to attend this meeting as it relates to the work you will be doing with bonuses this week.  Date:  Today - Tuesday, January 9, 2001 Time: 1:30 - 2:30 PM Place: EB 30C1 Subject: Results from Market Compensation Study by Todd Burke Attendees: Sally & Brent's Direct Reports (Operations only) + HR  Thanks, Patti x39106 
 I knew that you would still be in London.  Just thought that I would start to copy you on some things so that you could begin to get a feel for what's going on.  Yes, I will be in London next week.  Plan to fly over on Sunday night and will be in the office around noon on Monday.  I will be there through Thursday, and will plan to fly back to Houston on Friday.  Let's definitely plan to get together.  I am in the throws of bonus reviews at this moment (I am cooling my heels waiting for HR to get me info on people that were left off of my sheet), so a little later today I will focus on my schedule for next week.  I will send an e:mail later in the day to see when we can get together.  Looking forward to it.  --Sally 
 Congratulations on the birth of your daughter!  Meagan called this afternoon to tell me the news.  I will perhaps get more details when I get home tonight.  I hope that Laura and the baby are doing well.  Let us know what we can do to help.  I am sure that Jackson is a proud brother.  We will be anxious to meet our newest neighbor.  --Sally 
 I will be out of town on January 19, so Brenda Herod has agreed to make the presentation for Rick Causey.  Please replace my name with hers for all communication regarding this Analyst Orientation.  Thanks. 
 Please join me on Thursday, January 11 from 1:00 to 4:00 pm for a special information session for the Operations Management teams supporting Enron Americas, Enron Global Markets and Enron Industrial Markets.   We will focus on assessing, managing and mitigating operational risk.  Details on the location for the meeting will be sent to you early this week.  I look forward to seeing everyone at this meeting on the 11th.  The things that we will discuss will be important for each and every one of you as you carry out your roles in 2001.  I hope that you will make every effort to attend.  Please let me know as soon as possible if you have a conflict that will keep you from attending the meeting. 
 Great - I will add her name to the distribution list so that she will get our upcoming note on the location for this meeting.  Thanks.    Enron North America Corp. 
 I just composed a somewhat lengthy e:mail about the anniversary trip, and then closed out Lotus Notes and checked discard changes.  So it is gone - but not sent!!  Can you e:mail me back your office phone number and if it is convenient for you, I will give you call and use old fashioned technology. 
 I know that you left a message with Patti about contacting David Eastlake.  I have sent e:mail messages to him that must have been delivered, as I did not get a message about undeliverable e:mail.  I haven't heard back from him. The phone numbers on the contact sheet are the students' numbers at school. I have left a voice mail both for Daniel Jenkins and David during the week between Christmas and New Year's, knowing that it was unlikely that they would be in Austin.  (It would be great to have their home numbers as better contact numbers during school breaks.)  I was on vacation the week before Christmas and for two days last week.  And I admit that I did not contact any students while I was on vacation!  I will try their Austin numbers this week again.  Although classes don't start until next week, they may come back to Austin early.  Similar situation with my OU students.  I have conversed by e:mail since I did not have home numbers.  Do you know when classes resume at OU?  I will try my students there this week again by phone in case they are returning to school early.  I had lunch with Ted Jacobs the week between Christmas and New Years - it was a thank you for finding some Orange Bowl tickets that David and I purchased. (Yes, we were at the game and saw OU win the national championship!)  I have an update from him on our list of OU candidates, according to his understanding of some of the decisions they have made.  If you have a few minutes today, give me a call and I can go over that with you.  Since full-time offers were changed, did we appropriately change summer intern offers as well?  I didn't see anything in your e:mails about that. Let me know.  --Sally 
 Sheri has told me that you made an announcement recently.  Congratulations on the baby!  I hope that you are feeling well.  I am so happy for you and your husband.  My how your lives will change!!  But how enriched they will be. Our three are so much fun.  I will also always be honest with expectant moms and say that a new baby is an incredible amount of work as well and that it sometimes takes a while to really enjoy the experience.   If you ever want some funny stories about adjusting to being a first-time mom, just let me know.  I would be glad to share my experience with you.  --Sally 
 I did not see an attachment to this memo from MP.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Sounds good to me. 
 I will ask Patti to set up a meeting for us this week.  Your name has been on my list to call - a trip to the Orange Bowl last week cut my week short, so I will look forward to getting with you this week.  --Sally 
 I am sure that you are enjoying your break from school.  It is always great to have finals behind you and several weeks of vacation stretching in front of you.  No doubt you are spending time thinking about your next step after graduation.  I would be glad to answer any questions that you may have about your offer while you are going through that process.  Enron had a fantastic year in 2000, and we are excited about what we will accomplish in 2001.  We hope that you will be a part of that.  My number at work is 713-853-5926.  Please feel free to call me any time.  If it is more convenient for you to talk during the evening or on the weekend, my home number is 281-370-8568.  Don't hesitate to call.  Sally Beck sally.beck@enron.com 
 I hope that you are enjoying your break from school, and am sure that it is even more enjoyable with that Number 1 ranking decided!  My husband (an OU grad) and I were at Orange Bowl, and it was really exciting to be there and see the team absolutely stop FSU.  If you have any questions regarding your job offer from Enron while you are on vacation, please give me a call.  2000 was a banner year for us at Enron, and we were excited about what we will accomplish in 2001.  I hope that you will join us and be a part of that.  My office number is 713-853-5926.  If it is more convenient for you, feel free to call me at home as well.  That number is 281-370-8568.  Boomer Sooners!!!  Sally Beck sally.beck@enron.com 
 Please join me on Thursday, January 11 from 1:00 to 4:00 pm for a special information session for the Operations Management teams supporting Enron Americas, Enron Global Markets and Enron Industrial Markets.   We will focus on assessing, managing and mitigating operational risk.  Details on the location for the meeting will be sent to you early next week.  I look forward to seeing everyone at this meeting on the 11th.  The things that we will discuss will be important for each and every one of you as you carry out your roles in 2001.  I hope that you will make every effort to attend.  Please let me know as soon as possible if you have a conflict that will keep you from attending the meeting. 
 Please join me on Thursday, January 11 from 1:00 to 4:00 pm for a special information session for the Operations Management teams supporting Enron Americas, Enron Global Markets and Enron Industrial Markets.   We will focus on assessing, managing and mitigating operational risk.  Details on the location for the meeting will be sent to you early next week.  I look forward to seeing everyone at this meeting on the 11th.  The things that we will discuss will be important for each and every one of you as you carry out your roles in 2001.  I hope that you will make every effort to attend.  Please let me know as soon as possible if you have a conflict that will keep you from attending the meeting. 
 I am so sorry to hear about your dad.  I did not know that he had passed away.  I know that he has been very ill.  My thoughts are with you and your family.  I know that it must hard to say goodbye to someone that has been such a part of your life for so long.  We will miss you on the 11th, but certainly understand your absence.  --Sally 
 Absolutely - Clara should have been included.  I asked for a list of managers and above within EGM from Chantelle, and used that for the distribution list.  Her list omitted Clara.  All lists that I requested from EGM, ENA and EIM were to have also included those being promoted to manager as a result of our year-end PRC process.  I don't think that I got consistent info from everyone, so I am rechecking names right now and will send Clara a message about the meeting as I also clean up any others that were left off of lists. Thanks for catching this.  --Sally 
 Please print this for me in color ASAP.  I need to review it today and get back to Louise.  Thanks. 
 I would like to invite each of you to participate in a brainstorming session with me on Friday, January 12 from 8:30 am through lunch.  The purpose of this meeting will be to surface and capture ideas around the potential commercialization of mid and back office services that we provide.  I know that many of you have ideas about services and/or products that could be marketed and some of you have been involved in arrangements where we have or are currently providing services to outside parties.  While there are efforts underway with certain modules under CommodityLogic, I want this session to be used to take a broader look at how we might market mid and back office services.  I hope that you will be able to attend.  Details on location of the meeting and more exact timing will be sent to you on Monday when Patti returns from vacation. 
 I was just thinking about the anniversary thing, too.  I bought a book at Barnes & Noble -- 100 Best Family Resorts in North America.  I found the name of one place that I have seen in the past in magazines that I always thought looked good - High Hampton Inn and Country Club in North Carolina.  Another place that I have seen is something like Blackberry Farm in Tennessee.  Both meet the criteria of mountains in the Carolina/Tennessee range.  I will get info on both and we can look at it.  I worry a little bit about having such a range of ages that I want to make sure that we go someplace where there is plenty to do for all -- just sitting for some, shopping, eating, golf, etc. These two places may be on the smaller side and may or may not offer enough variety.  I thought that I would also get some info on some other places that may not have popped up on Mom and Dad's list but that might be good for the whole family.  One of those might catch their interest as well.  I can understand that with prolonged holiday exposure to Mom and Dad that the thought of this trip could wear thin.  I would like the opportunity to be together with everyone -- maybe we could send them on a nice dinner just the two of them and the rest of us could have fun one night!  Even though Dad is doing so much better, you never know when you will have the chance to get everyone together on a trip like this.  Memory-maker or nightmare -- could be a toss up, but maybe worth the try.  Let's share some research and see if there is any place that we could get excited about going. 
 I have a standing staff meeting that I attend on Monday mornings, so I will not be available when you and James meet on the 8th.  I will look forward to getting with James after your meeting for an update. 
 I passed this information along to some of my direct reports for their thoughts, and truthfully didn't hear back from anyone and didn't follow up. Two years ago, we agreed to be part of a benchmarking study that was done by AA's Houston office (interestingly enough, Wes Colwell was the AA partner who led this effort) and we had mixed results.  The study was designed to cover gas and power.  Despite our involvement in the steering committee, the study itself was very, very detailed, such that it was troublesome to complete. Jim Fallon at the time refused to submit information on the majority of the questions surrounding power, so our survey data for power was not very useful.  I would agree that at this time we will pass on this request.  Thanks for passing it along, however.  I would be happy to convey this directly  to the person that has contacted you.  Just let me know his/her name and number and I will follow through on that if you would like.  Hope that your holidays was enjoyable and that the new year will be a good one for you.  --Sally 
 I will be there at 8:40 on Monday -- not a word until then... 
 I have been out of the office at the Orange Bowl game and have just returned within the last hour.  That probably would make next week better for me than this week.  Give me a call and we will set something up.  My number is x35926.  If you don't reach me, call my temp assistant (Camella - x39106) and she will be able to set  up a meeting.  Thanks. 
 I will be out of the office on Wednesday, January 3.  I am married to an OU graduate, so we are headed to the Orange Bowl to hopefully see Oklahoma hang onto their number 1 ranking.  I will be back in the office after lunch on Thursday, January 4.  My assistant, Patti Thompson (x39106), has phone numbers where I can be reached.  Please contact Bob Hall at x36956 with any questions while I am out. 
 We will also have both of our cell phones with us:  David  713-299-1436 Sally    713-417-1591  We will hope for a little warmer weather in Fort Lauderdale!!  The game is on Wednesday evening - we will do some sightseeing during the day on Wednesday. I will be back in the office on Thursday afternoon.  Love, Sally 
 Patti delivered to Sharron's desk this week a copy of my 2000 accomplishments.   You should find that when you return to the office.  Let me know if for some reason you do not have that copy, and I will have another delivered.  Have a happy new year!  I will be at the Cotton Bowl watching Meagan's drill team perform - and also watching some of the game.  Thankfully, no emotional attachment to either team in that game!  I just hope that we don't freeze. --Sally 
 I was probably hopelessly stuck in traffic when we were to talk, and did not even realize that the time had passed. Construction on my route in to work is to continue until early January, and my alternate routes have proven to busts.  I will call you tomorrow and see if I can catch you between issues.  Thanks for making the trip to Houston with your crew last week.  It was great to have people from so many different offices, supporting so many different commodities -- and yet with so many similar issues.  Your support for the interaction between offices is so valuable.  Thanks again for all of your efforts.  --Sally 
 I have completed internal feedback forms through the PEP system for Brent Price, Bob Hall and Peggy Hedstrom.  Those appeared to be the only names that you included for which you wanted my input.  Somehow, from Andrea's voice mail message last week, I had anticipated responding to more requests - I thought perhaps input in working with Wes within ENA or Melissa on SAP. Those weren't  on my list within the PEP system, so I just wanted you to know that I have responded to the three that were there.  If there was intent for me to respond to any others, they weren't accessible in the system. (Believe me, I am not asking for more - just wanted to be sure that what I saw in PEP as a request matched your expectations in terms of my response).  --Sally 
 I have always worked right up until my due date.  There is a lot of waiting and somehow I thought that the time passed more quickly if I was in the office in my normal routine.  Meagan was due on Wednesday, May16.  I set my last date of work for Friday, May 11.  Mom came in that weekend for Mothers' Day ( you were with her, right?) and then we did stuff the next couple of days until Meagan was born.  With Amanda, I owned the shop at the time and I was probably in the shop the morning of the day she was born.  She was a week late, so we just didn't know what to expect.  Tyler's due date was December 18, and I set my last day of work for the Friday before that date.  Of course, then he was late, but we were in the throws of remodeling, so I was out picking out carpet and paint in those final days.  A lot of this probably depends on how tired you are and whether or not you feel like you have everything at the house ready.  I still had a lot of energy at the end of my pregnancies and I had also managed to get rooms ready early, so I enjoyed working as long as I could.  Definitely make a point of you and Chris going to some movies at the theater before the baby comes.  You won't be able to do that for quite a while afterwards!! 
 I saw Kim's response to Stephen Douglas, but it left me short of comfort on a completion timeline or enough details around assurance on an on-going basis that this will be kept up.  I sent the note below to Kim.  I am sure that she manages well, but I think that we should encourage her to step into full responsibility and to be able to effectively communicate that within the organization.   It is likely that when Stephen reads her note, that he will call me and tell me that he still doesn't know when this task will be completed.  That was his concern yesterday, and Kim's note really doesn't address that.  If she doesn't have an estimated completion date, then she should set a target date for having all of the info compiled and state that at that date she will be able to create a realistic timeline for completing the task.  Kim must own and communicate effectively the solutions, or I will be the one that gets the phone calls.  The ENA organization must develop confidence in others on our team.  Let's help Kim earn that confidence by coaching her to imagine the info that the customers needs (Stephen) and to clearly communicate information that addresses his needs.   Thanks. 
 Kim, do you have an estimated completion date for the commodities where the notation is that information is being compiled?  My guess would be that the one commodity that is up-to-date (financial power) is the one with the lowest number of transactions.  That means that the lion's share of the work is still to be done.  Are we staffed to get this completed in a timely manner? As I mentioned to you before, I would not hesitate enlisting Jeff Sorenson to do much of catch up work if we are short on people to get this done promptly.  Let me know if you need his help, and I will visit with Brent Price.  I know that Brent would support Jeff's involvement to get his caught up.  Who specifically will be responsible on an on-going basis to handle for the RMT Confirmations?   Will we have some sort of report that we can send to Stephen each month that will indicate the completion of this task so that he is comfortable on an on-going basis that this is being kept up-to-date? --Sally   Kim S Theriot                12/27/2000 05:51 PM 
 Thanks for letting me know.  I am sure that you have communicated with the Portland risk group regarding this slip up.  What assurances have you gotten from them about their diligence in the future in officializing books?  Do you think that everyone there is on board and aware of how important this is? --Sally 
 I am meeting with Shona tomorrow to review the scheduling of doorstep reviews for the first quarter.  As long as the New York review isn't the week of January 15th, then I think I will still target that week for a London trip. Don't feel as if you have to clear the whole week for me  - I know that you are very busy, so I expect that we will work in time together around critical things that you need to handle.  I will try to send you a list of topics that I would like to cover by the end of the day tomorrow to give us a starting point.  You may have some suggestions on others that I should meet with while I am there.  Thanks.  --Sally 
 Stephanie,  Sally would like to renew this subscription.  I'm sorry I did not respond earlier.  Her co. # is 0413 & CC # 105588. Please let me know if you require additional information.  Thanks, Patti Thompson x39106    Enron North America Corp. 
 Can you put a referenced as of date on the spreadsheet itself?  If you print the spreadsheet for reference after receiving the e:mail, there is no as of date that appears on the print out of the spreadsheet.  Your attachment includes the date as the name of the file, but this does not appear when you simply print our the attached spreadsheet.  Thanks.  --Sally Beck 
 The items noted look like a good start to earlier detection of issues that may require reruns of valuation.  Thanks for marshalling the right resources to make this happen.  I will look forward to seeing your process timelines for current, iterim and target final state.  If my trip to London in mid-January works for your schedule, maybe this is something that we could go over then.  --Sally 
 To continue to keep you in the loop - looks like Mike is moving in the right direction on this --Sally 
 Please use my office for the interviews on November 4th.  My office is EB3389.  If you need additional offices, you could contact several of my direct reports who have offices:  Brent Price, Brenda Herod, Bob Hall, Mary Solmonson and James Scribner.  --Sally 
 Hope that Christmas with your family was fun and that your days off for shopping were fruitful.  I enjoyed my week off before Christmas, but certainly felt as if I worked very hard -- shopping, wrapping, baking, volunteering, birthday party for Tyler on the 22nd (3 years old - not very good planning to throw that into the mix each Christmas season), etc.   It is nice to be back in the office this week, although I still have all of those Christmas decorations to put away sometime soon!  I have tentatively planned a trip to the London office during the week of January 15.  I will fly over on Sunday, so that I would have Monday through Thursday in the office there.  I have blocked those days on my calendar and Patti has made flight reservations for me just to hold that week open.  How does that work with your schedule?  Will you be in the office that week and what is your schedule like?  I certainly wouldn't occupy all of your time during that week, but I wouldn't want to make the trip that week if  you don't have some time available.  Let me know, and then we can firm up discussions topics and agendas.  (My thought on that particular week is that it gets us past year end closing issues and that I could be back in the office during the week of January 22 and thereafter to communicate bonus information.)  I am in the office all of this week.  --Sally 
 You should see this reply from Mike -- it is more positive than the response from James New.  Sounds as if they have not yet finished their document on required changes to processes, systems, commercial practices, etc. to move to a same day calculation of their books.  Mike and I have talked about this as a longer term goal for the London office and I knew that he was working with James and others to come up with a plan and a timeline.  I expect to review that with Mike when he has it in a draft form that warrants that discussion. That is why you haven't yet seen the document.  --Sally 
 I should have included you on this contact list.  I will remember to do so next time.  I will be in the office all of this week, so please call me directly on any information needs you or team may have this week. 
 Good memo on contacts.  Thanks for copying me.  Have a wonderful vacation. I know that you will be glad to have Jordan back with you.  --Sally 
 Unfortunately, I will miss your farewell at Slick Willie's on January 3rd.  I am sorry that I won't be able to drink a beer with you as a send off, but perhaps we can have one in London later in January as your welcome to London.  I will be in Miami on January 3rd, hopefully celebrating an Oklahoma win in the Orange Bowl earlier that day.  David found us tickets to the game.  Not great seats, but they are in the stadium.  Hey, it's not UT, but it should still be fun to go.  I will miss you and your wit and constructive cynisism in Houston.  But I know that I can count on you to be just as vocal from London!  I plan to be there at least quarterly in 2001, and will definitely welcome your first hand observations on operational areas that may need attention.  Hopefully between e:mail and voice mail we can definitely keep in touch.  Tell Ann that I hope that this will be a great adventure for her and the whole family.  I think that it is a wonderful time in your children's lives to give them this experience.    Have fun -- and set them straight!! 
 Thanks for including me in the invitation to Slick Willie's.  Unfortunately, I will not be able to attend.  I will be at the Orange Bowl in Miami and will not return until the morning of the 4th. 
 We are making some progress with the timeliness of London information.  More to come... 
 Laurel,  Sally's plans are to be in the office Jan 2 & 5 only.  She will be out of town Jan 3 & 4.  Patti x39106 
 Tammie,  Sally is on vacation this week, therefore she will not be attending staff meeting.  She will be back in the office 12/27.  Patti x39106 
 The following schedule has been distributed as noted regarding publishing the DPR over the next two weeks.  I know that books run in Calgary, Houston, and Portland will be calculated and officialized on Friday, December 22nd for trading that day.  The current plan is not to publish the DPR for December 22nd on Tuesday, December 26th, but to wait until the first Enron official business day to do so (i.e. Wednesday, December 27th).  That will work as long as trading results for Friday, December 22nd are not dramatic.  Please leave a voice mail message after calcing the books on Friday, December 22nd for Chris Abel (x33102) to give him trading results by commodity for December 22nd.  If there are dramatic results, Chris may produce a preliminary and rough DPR on Tuesday, December 26th with the information that you provide.  For locations that will not calc and officialize books on Friday, December 22nd, you will still need to contact Chris to give him your best estimate of trading results.  Thanks for your continuing help in providing timely and accurate information for the worldwide trading organization.  I hope that all of you enjoy your holidays. 
 Please note the following schedule for risk book reporting during the holiday period:   Trade Date Enron Status NYMEX  Equity Market Consolidated Risk Reporting  Fri, 12/22 Open Early Close Open DPR published for 12/21 results (a)  Mon, 12/25 Holiday (b) Closed Closed DPR not published  Tues, 12/26 Holiday (b) Open Open DPR not published (c)  Wed, 12/27 Open Open Open DPR published separately for 12/22 & 12/26 results  Thurs, 12/28 Open  Open Open DPR published for 12/27 results  Fri, 12/29 Open Early Close Open DPR published for 12/28 results (a)  Mon, 1/1 Holiday (b) Closed Closed DPR not published  Tues, 1/2 Open Open Open DPR published for 12/29.  Normal month end schedule applies. (d)  (a) Trader P&L and Position reports will be produced for traded products at close of business (b) US, Canadian & London holiday (c) Logistics and risk personnel will be in the office on this holiday to support trading activity (d) Monthly close procedures require that changes or adjustments to risk books for month-end be submitted by 5:00 pm Houston time on the first business day following the end of the month.  The DPR published on 1/2 for 12/29 results will be preliminary.  The final DPR for 12/29 should be published on 1/3, assuming that all month-end adjustments have been received on 1/2. 
 Please see attached file for key contacts during weeks of December 18, December 25, & January 1. 
 Mike,  This memo has not been distributed yet.  First, Sally wanted me to forward to you to make sure you are aware of and can meet timelines listed.  When done, please forward back to me for distribution.  Sally is on vacation this week & will return to the office Dec. 27.  Thanks, Patti x39106  Please note the following schedule for risk book reporting during the holiday period:   Trade Date Enron Status NYMEX  Equity Market Consolidated Risk Reporting  Fri, 12/22 Open Early Close Open DPR published for 12/21 results (a)  Mon, 12/25 Holiday (b) Closed Closed DPR not published  Tues, 12/26 Holiday (b) Open Open DPR not published (c)  Wed, 12/27 Open Open Open DPR published for 12/22 and 12/26 results  Thurs, 12/28 Open  Open Open DPR published for 12/27 results  Fri, 12/29 Open Early Close Open DPR published for 12/28 results (a)  Mon, 1/1 Holiday (b) Closed Closed DPR not published  Tues, 1/2 Open Open Open DPR published for 12/29.  Normal month end schedule applies. (d)  (a) Trader P&L and Position reports will be produced for traded products at close of business (b) US, Canadian & London holiday (c) Logistics and risk personnel will be in the office on this holiday to support trading activity (d) Monthly close procedures require that changes or adjustments to risk books for month-end be submitted by 5:00 pm Houston time on the first business day following the end of the month.  The DPR published on 1/2 for 12/29 results will be preliminary.  The final DPR for 12/29 should be published on 1/3, assuming that all month-end adjustments have been received on 1/2.   Distribution: Jeff Skilling/Corp/Enron, Mark Frevert/NA/Enron, Greg Whalley, David W Delainey/HOU/ECT, John J Lavorato/CAL/ECT@ECT, Michael McConnell, Jeffrey A Shankman/HOU/ECT, Jeff McMahon, Ray Bowen, John Sherriff/LON/ECT, Michael R Brown/LON/ECT, Rick Buy/HOU/ECT, Richard Causey/Corp/Enron, Ted Murphy/HOU/ECT@ECT, Wes Colwell/HOU/ECT  cc:     Louise Kitchen/HOU/ECT 
 Got your most recent message.  Your observation is correct that the Enron Americas staff member on Shawn's team has not been involved to date with Doorstep reviews or planning.  Although Shawn made an offer to Michelle some time ago, there was a long lead time for her arrival.  She did not start with the company until after Thanksgiving.  Since she started a couple of weeks ago, Wes and I have asked her to look into several specific findings from the most AA internal audit projects and to work with our staffs to provide some solutions to issues that were raised.  There simply has not been the time to date to expose her to Doorstep.  After Shawn and I meet (see below), I will briefly summarize for you the roles that all groups will play in the Doorstep Review process.  Before we move forward I want to be sure that all parties agree on the purpose, methodology, participants and execution plan for this on-going project. 
 I understand from Shona that you and she have discussed our plans for Doorstep Reviews in 2001.  I am asking via this note for my assistant to set up a meeting for the two of us to spend some time reviewing the timeline, methodology, Andersen's involvement and the involvement of your team.  I will be on vacation the week of December 18.  I will be working the week between Christmas and New Year's, so if you are in the office we can plan on getting together that week. 
 I will be out of the office on vacation during the week of December 18. Please refer to the contact names below as needed during that week.  I can be reached at my home number (281-370-8568) if necessary.  DPR     Chris Abel   x33102  MPR     David Maxwell  x36983  Gas Operations   Bob Hall   x36956 Leslie Reeves  x37962 Jeff Gossett   x37306  Power Operations  Stacey White  x31870 Leslie Reeves  x37962  Canadian Operations  Peggy Hedstrom  403-974-6753  I will be back in the office on Wednesday, December 27 through Friday, December 29.  I will also be in for part of the day on Tuesday, December 26. Although that is an Enron holiday, there will be appropriate logistics personnel and book administrators in the office to support trading activities that day. 
 Patti will send you on Monday a draft of a memo regarding publishing the DPR during the holidays.  Please review it and make sure that the commitments we are making can be met by London.  Let me know if anything needs to be changed or if there is further clarification needed in the notes, keeping in mind that with the audience on the memo that I want it to be short and easy.  Your comments/suggestions are welcomed and needed before I send this out later next week.  Thanks. --sally 
 Great to hear from you.  I was thinking about you today.  I will look forward to your starting on the 29th.  Certainly if anything comes up with the move or the family, feel free to shift that date as needed.  I will be glad to have you as part of the team and think that we will have fun working together.  I am on vacation next week (lots of shopping, wrapping, baking planned, plus Tyler's birthday party), and I am really looking forward to that.  I do feel as if I have been the PRC queen recently.  Wes' PRC last Thursday, mine on Friday, Enron Wholesale Services (minus Europe) with Mark Frevert on Monday of this week and a full day (7:30 am to 8:00 pm on Wednesday for the Associates PRC.  I do need a break!  I will be working the week after Christmas.  Although we do have a holiday on December 26th, we will trading that day.  Lots of my logistics and risk guys will be in, so I will probably make an appearance that day.  I will be in for full days on the 27th -29th.  Very few commitments on the calendar for those days, so just let me know when you would like to get together.  Hope that you, Frank and Lauren have a wonderful Christmas holiday.  --Sally 
 The Analyst/Associates Program plans to send the PRC reps a final listing of the PRC results by Tuesday, December 19th.  They asked that we not communicate results until after that date.  I did not write down all results from the meeting, so I would be glad to let you know, but would prefer to wait until I have written documentation of final results in front of me before doing so.  Both Remi and Don Black were able to add to my discussion around Erwin, so he was well respresented in the process.  I am scheduled to be out on vacation next week, but I will check e:mail messages from home and will get back with you via e:mail next week to let you know final results. Hope that you enjoy the holidays.  I will be back at work right after Christmas.  -Sally 
 FYI - Despite the fact that this an OU student, I thought that you would find this note interesting.  Since we compete with Big 5 for talent at several schools, we should be aware of the make up of some of their job offers that lure students to join them.    Paying for a masters degree at UVA ahead of time is certainly an interesting piece of this job offer.  See note from Lexi below. 
 Sally,  Please let Cynthia know that Sally is out of town recruiting today.  I did speak to someone in her office (I thought it was her assistant) and Bobbie Power a week or two ago to let them know that Sally would not be available on this date.  Sally does, however, want to be a part of this group, so please notify us for the next meeting.  Thanks, Patti x39106 (Sally's assistant) 
 I didn't get back from the meeting with Causey and Buy until just before 6:00 today - not that the meeting was long - Rick Causey was just running late so we cooled our heels outside his office for quite a while before getting started.  I decided that midnight would be outside the bounds of office dedication, so I did not call!  Enjoy your time off tomorrow and on Monday. My plans are to take off next week, and to be back in the office to work the week between Christmas and New Years.  I wouldn't recommend taking your time during your day off to call, but if you finish your Christmas shopping and do want to call, my calendar is free all afternoon after lunch tomorrow.  Wish I could send you with a shopping list for me!! 
 Thanks for the heads up.  I will be here all day tomorrow.  --Sally 
 I went by the store on my way home and saw a Pillsbury mix with red and green confetti in it - decided that cupcakes would be simpler than cookies.  Since it was after 10:00 when I got started on this project, it turned out be a good decision.  I would like your recipe so that when we are doing baking for the family next week that I can use it. 
 I left Mike a message telling him that I was forwarding this to you and that someone on your team would verify this information and get  back to him.  His note asks for info back by Friday the 17th - Friday is the 15th and I assume that is the deadline that he intends.  Thanks.  --Sally 
 Cathy, I plan to be on vacation next week and therefore will not be at the December 18th staff meeting. 
 Thanks for looking into this and getting back to me.  Let me know the final resolution on this one. 
 I meant to blind copy you on this.  Here it is... 
 The week of November 13 is the week of the Enron Management Conference in San Antonio.  It begins on Wednesday evening, so most people will be travelling on Wednesday afternoon.  I will be in the office on Monday and Tuesday that week, so those days work well for me for your visit.   I just wanted you to know about the conference in case that has an impact on other meetings that you might want to have in Houston that week.  Let me know.  I will look forward to seeing you and introducing you to others on the team.  We are looking forward to seeing Mo next week here in Houston.  Have a great weekend.  --Sally 
 I will interviewing on campus for the Analyst Program on Monday and Tuesday, October 30 and 31.  My assistant, Patti Thompson (x39106), will have telephone numbers where I can be reached.  I will have my cell phone with me (713-417-1591) and I will check messages as we have breaks in the interview schedule during the day.   I will be back in the office on Wednesday, November 1.  In my absence, please contact the following persons regarding trading operations issues:  Gas Operations  Jeff Gossett  x37306 Bob Hall  x36956 Leslie Reeves x37962  Power Operations Stacey White x31870 Leslie Reeves x37962  DPR    Shona Wilson x39123  MPR    David Maxwell x36983 
 Yes, you are nuts!  I can't believe that you already have so many gingerbread houses made.  The cookie exchange was fun - fudge is definitely the easy route on that one.  I will get the recipe from home tonight and will e:mail it to you tomorrow. -Sally 
 I think that four weeks is a good time frame for this - we can re-evaluate at the end of that period as to whether or not this is still needed.  As far as the right time, you should talk with Jeff Gossett (gas) and Scott Earnest (global products).  They can give you the best estimate on timing.  I am copying them on this memo.  When your schedule is set, I assume that you will provide Jeff and Scott with a copy of the schedule (dates, names and contact numbers).  Please send me a copy as well.  This IT presence on the floor during critical calculation times will be very much appreciated.  I understand that not only will this provide immediate contact when and if system issues arise, but that your team will be working with the book administrators on improving spreadsheet macros. 
 Thanks for your note.  I was great to meet you - I am glad that you could take the time out of the office to make the trip to Houston.  I will look forward to seeing you when I am next in London.  --Sally 
 Thanks for the call.  Brenda Herod is the operations controller for EIM. (Brenda and Brent in their roles over EIM and EGM, respectively, are both direct reports of mine.)  Brenda is out of the country through the end of this week on vacation, touring Europe with her mom.  If there is a need to address this issue this week, let me know and I can start down that road until Brenda returns.  Let me know.  I did hear an unsubstantiated rumor this week that Clickpaper.com is set to go live in London within 5 days.  I am trying to find out if that is true. If it is, it would be a repeat of a commercial decision in Houston to do so this past July without letting anyone in the mid and back office know.  We had to scramble to set up an infrastructure to support that in a big hurry. Not ideal.  I hope that history has not repeated itself.  Let me know if you have heard anything on this. 
 You got the right one -- thanks for telling me, but I already knew that without your having to tell me.  I cherish having sisters and love you very much too.  (Okay, maybe one of you is more cherished than the other, but don't tell Cara I said that!) 
 Cary, thanks for the response.  We will keep your name on the list and will contact you for any spring events.  --Sally 
 We can't wait to see the three of you.  Tammy and Tyler will be at home on Wednesday afternoon and will be expecting you whenever they see you.  Meagan has drill team practice after school until 4:45 and she drives herself home and Amanda rides the bus home after school, arriving about 4:30.  Mo will be in Houston while you are here.  If it still works with your plans, I thought that I would take the day off on Friday, November 3 so that you, Paul, David and I could do something fun with Rebecca and Tyler.  The football game is that evening at 7:00.  I had also thought about arranging a lunch on Thursday (downtown - Irma's?) either for us with Mo, or even to expand that to include a bunch of ex-First City folks.  Mark Wilson, James Scribner, Chuch Randall and Charles Delacey all work here for Enron.  We could call MG Shetty, and with you and Mo and me, it would be quite a reunion.  Let me know if you would like to do either one of these two things and I will arrange whatever sounds good to you.  Our phone numbers are: Home  281-370-8568 Sally's Office   713-853-5926 David's Cell:  713-299-1436 Sally's Cell:    713-417-1591 
 Thanks for the note.  I remembered that you will be coming in from London. Hope the trip is uneventful.  Sunday evening will not be lengthy, as I am sure that you will be tired. 
 I hope that you have fun (are marathon and fun mutally exclusive terms?!). We will see you on Monday.  --Sally 
 I would like to formulate the breakout groups prior to the forum.  I would like your input on likely persons to put together in these breakout sessions.  Let's talk tomorrow. 
 I believe that all of you have met Frank (whose last name I can't remember), the HR generalist who is currently working with Hector to serve the HR needs for Energy Operations in ENA.   Frank is working on a contract basis at this time, and Sheila Walton is seeking feedback on his performance to date in order to evaluate the duration of his work as a contractor and the feasibility of bringing him in as an employee.  I have given Sheila my feedback, but suggested to her that you may have had more contact with Frank than I have had.  Please take the time to send Sheila an e:mail message or voice mail to let her know what your experiences have been in working with Frank.  Your input will be very valuable to Sheila.   Thanks for taking the time to do this. 
 Very belated reply - I am cleaning up old e:mails today, and came across this one that I had not answered.  Commercial does not sign confirmations at this point.  Too many to make that practical these days.  When I started the confirm desk in 1994, traders were signing confirms at that time. Once they knew that they had someone who would take responsibility to make sure they were right, they were very glad to pass that responsibility to me.  In the early days of power, the traders once again were signing confirms.  Obviously interested in the details of every deal that was done.  But as the business grew, that too changed.  --Sally     Barry Pearce @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 11/17/2000 07:53 PM 
 FYI - handled 
 I will be out of the office for most of the day on Friday.  My dad is experiecing serious health problems, and he will be in Houston on Friday for an appointment with a specialist that I have arranged.  I will be going to the doctor's appointment with my dad.  Depending upon waiting room time, I may not be in the office for the 1:30 meeting in EB3305 to discuss the findings from the recent internal audit projects.  I have asked Shona Wilson to attend in my place.  Please continue with the meeting, as I know that this is a difficult meeting to schedule.  I will get an update from Shona when I get back to the office. 
 Attached - still not quite final - waiting for confirmation from Tom Gros and Philippe Bibi.   Can we add an Enron logo to the top of the first page? Thanks.    I also sent this version to Mike Jordan, Fernley Dyson and Shona for their input.  Can you e:mail a copy to Tom Hopwood?  Thanks. 
 Thanks.  I have shared these with Jeff Gossett (gas risk lead) and Scott Earnest (products risk lead).  I will be curious to hear about the plan that your DBA's have devised today.  Thanks for you help and attention to these problems. 
 See names below for your IT contacts tonight - one on 32 and one on 31.  Do you know these folks?  They should be visibly on your floors.  Let me know if that doesn't happen.  --Sally 
 My details to Jeff and Sherri 
 My details to Bill Bradford... 
 My details to Ted ... 
 My details to Rick and Sharron... 
 FYI - my details to Philippe 
 Thanks in advance for agreeing to speak at the Global Operations Controller Forum.  Dress for the forum is casual, so feel free to do the same.  There will be approximately 30 Enron business controllers present at the meeting. All have responsibility for mid and back office operations for the following Enron entities:  Enron North America, Enron Europe, Enron South America, Enron Global Markets, Enron Industrial Markets, Enron Broadband Services and Enron Energy Services.  Attendees will be here from Houston, Calgary, Tokyo, Sydney, London and New York (metals business).  Attached for your reference is the agenda. There may be some slight changes before the forum begins, but this will give you a good idea of the topics to be covered and the other speakers who will address the group.   You and I talked about Monday or Tuesday afternoon, October 23 or 24.  I have tentatively put you on the agenda over lunch on Tuesday as detailed below. I hope that you can join us for lunch and address the group either before or after you eat - your choice on that.  I will call Peggy to check on your schedule, and if this does not work we can rearrange.  Date:  Tuesday, October 24, 2000 Time:  Noon (lunch will be served from 12:00 to 1:30) Place:  The Warwick Hotel The Versailles Room - 12th Floor 5701 Main Street Houston,  TX  77005  I have noted that your topic will be Technology's vision for supporting global trading operations.  I know that the group would also like to hear about what is going on in Enron Networks.  We can alter the topic as you would like. Let me know if you have any questions and thanks again for joining us. 
 Thanks in advance for agreeing to speak at the Global Operations Controller Forum.  I know that we are catching you before a tee time on Monday, so I especially appreciate your joining us to kick off the event that morning. Dress for the forum is casual, so feel free to do the same.  There will be approximately 30 Enron business controllers present at the meeting.  All have responsibility for mid and back office operations for the following Enron entities:  Enron North America, Enron Europe, Enron South America, Enron Global Markets, Enron Industrial Markets, Enron Broadband Services and Enron Energy Services.  Attendees will be here from Houston, Calgary, Tokyo, Sydney, London and New York (metals business).  Attached for your reference is the agenda. There may be some slight changes before the forum begins, but this will give you a good idea of the topics to be covered and the other speakers who will address the group.   You are scheduled to address the group as follows:  Date:  Monday, October 23, 2000 Time:  8:00 am (breakfast will be served at 7:30 and you are invited to join us) Place:  The Warwick Hotel The Versailles Room - 12th Floor 5701 Main Street Houston,  TX  77005  With a small group, your talk can be informal and you do not need to prepare slides (unless you would like to do so).  Q&A afterwards would be great.  Key speaking points that would enforce the value of this conference for this group would be:  recognition of a job well done in supporting explosive business growth in 2000 your support for global standards for operational controls for trading activities your recognition of the value of operational professionals in the organization to ensure integrity of mid and back office functions your challenge to the group to strive for best in class processes and controls as Enron's growth as a trading organization continues  Let me know if you have any questions and thanks again for joining us. 
 Thanks for the heads up. 
 Thanks in advance for agreeing to speak at the Global Operations Controller Forum.  There will be approximately 30 Enron business controllers present at the meeting.  All have responsibility for mid and back office operations for the following Enron entities:  Enron North America, Enron Europe, Enron South America, Enron Global Markets, Enron Industrial Markets, Enron Broadband Services and Enron Energy Services.  Attendees will be here from Houston, Calgary, Tokyo, Sydney, London and New York (metals business-maybe!).  Attached for your reference is the agenda. There may be some slight changes before the forum begins, but this will give you a good idea of the topics to be covered and the other speakers who will address the group.   You are scheduled to address the group as follows:  Date:  Monday, October 23, 2000 Time:  3:30 pm Place:  The Warwick Hotel The Versailles Room - 12th Floor 5701 Main Street Houston,  TX  77005  I have noted that your topic will be assessing, measuring and managing market risk.  Any references that you could make to the importance of information flow between RAC and operations would be great to cover.  Feel free to offer up a challenge to the group.  I hope that you will be able to join us for the tour of Enron Field and for dinner at Ruggles Center Field Terrace on Monday evening.  The tour is at 6:00 and dinner is at 7:00. 
 Thanks in advance for agreeing to speak at the Global Operations Controller Forum.  There will be approximately 30 Enron business controllers present at the meeting.  All have responsibility for mid and back office operations for the following Enron entities:  Enron North America, Enron Europe, Enron South America, Enron Global Markets, Enron Industrial Markets, Enron Broadband Services and Enron Energy Services.  Attendees will be here from Houston, Calgary, Tokyo, Sydney, London and New York (metals business).  Attached for your reference is the agenda. There may be some slight changes before the forum begins, but this will give you a good idea of the topics to be covered and the other speakers who will address the group.   You are scheduled to address the group as follows:  Date:  Monday, October 23, 2000 Time:  4:00 pm Place:  The Warwick Hotel The Versailles Room - 12th Floor 5701 Main Street Houston,  TX  77005  I have noted that your topic will be assessing, measuring and managing credit risk.  Any references that you could make to the importance of information flow between credit and operations would be great to cover.  Feel free to offer up a challenge to the group.  I am glad that you will be able to join us for the tour of Enron Field and for dinner at Ruggles Center Field Terrace on Monday evening. 
 Thanks in advance for agreeing to speak at the Global Operations Controller Forum that I am hosting next week.  There will be approximately 30 Enron business controllers present at the meeting.  All have responsibility for mid and back office operations for the following Enron entities:  Enron North America, Enron Europe, Enron South America, Enron Global Markets, Enron Industrial Markets, Enron Broadband Services and Enron Energy Services. Attendees will be here from Houston, Calgary, Tokyo, Sydney, London and New York (metals business).  Attached for your reference is the agenda. There may be some slight changes before the forum begins, but this will give you a good idea of the topics to be covered and the other speakers who will address the group.   You are scheduled to address the group as follows:  Date:  Tuesday, October 24, 2000 Time:  8:30 am (breakfast will be served at 8:00 and you are invited to join us) Place:  The Warwick Hotel The Versailles Room - 12th Floor 5701 Main Street Houston,  TX  77005  The group would like to hear about Enron's performance, your outlook for the remainder of 2000 and into 2001, your viewpoint on the future of the company and next growth opportunities, etc.  With a small group, your talk can be informal and you do not need to prepare slides (unless you would like to do so).  Q&A afterwards would be great.  Key speaking points that would enforce the value of this conference for this group would be:  recognition of a job well done in supporting explosive business growth in 2000  the value you place on the jobs performed by operations controllers to ensure integrity in mid and back office functions  the importance of tight operational controls in enabling business growth for Enron (your loose/tight analogy would be great, as many have not heard that)  the independent control role that we play and our responsibility to "raise the flag" on issues if needed 
 As promised, although a little later than expected, a draft agenda is attached at the end of my memo to Mike.  The memo will walk you through the agenda.  Please let me know if you have any comments or suggestions.  Again, I an sorry that you will not be able to join us, but I am pleased that so many others from the London office will be in attendance.  --Sally 
 FYI - would love to have your comments or suggestions 
 FYI re: schedule 
 Attached is a draft agenda for your review and comments.  As speakers were confirmed, the placement of certain items on the agenda were dictated by the speakers' schedules and then logical grouping of topics around those speakers.  Sunday evening will not be heavy - simple welcome and intros, drink and dinner - I know that many will be tired from traveling.  We have arranged for a private showing of the movie Rogue Trader (complete with comfy chairs and popcorn) which I thought could be fun for the group to see as a means of setting the stage for our discussions on Monday and Tuesday.  This can be optional, as I know that jet lag my get the best of some.  The morning on Monday will set the stage:  why we have gathered, endorsement of our efforts (Causey).  Perhaps you, Brent and I could each give a short "state of the union of operations" according to us - covering ENA, EGM and EEL).  Then definition of the operating standards that we must uphold, discussion, plans on reporting and buy in on these.  Monday lunch will allow everyone to share with their tablemates a project in which they are involved that will have an impact on global consistency of operational controls, or a project which through sharing or expanding could have such an impact.  Each table can report back as we gather to start the afternoon.  Having defined and discussed fundamental operating standards, we will move Monday afternoon to review of the Doorstep concept: what, why, how and lessons learned.  Then we will discuss next steps around this on-going project.  Just before the afternoon break, we will roll out a new communications tool for the operations controllers:  a website tailored for the group.  We will finish the afternoon by tying in operations performance and its impact on assessing and measuring market risk and credit risk, with Ted Murphy and Bill Bradford addressing the group.  Monday evening will include a tour of Enron Field and dinner at Ruggles Center Field Terrace.  Bill Bradford will join us for dinner, and we are waiting for an RSVP from Ted Murphy.  Tuesday morning will start with Jeff Skilling as our real keynote speaker. He plans to spend an hour plus with the group.  He will make an informal presentation and then will entertain questions.  The rest of the morning will be spent in breakout teams, with assignments to come up with specific action steps to strengthen operating controls, improve the accuracy of information provided and move toward best practices in providing mid and back office services within Enron.  Before lunch, Tom Gros and I will share a short story on CommodityLogic. Philippe Bibi will join us for lunch to share his IT vision with the group. After lunch, we will wrap up and summarize next steps, including a date to reconvene much of this group perhaps early in 2001 to check progess against our designated next steps (wholesale group in London perhaps).  Please call me or e:mail any comments or suggestions.  The only details still in flux are Tom Gros' availability and confirmation of Philippe's attendance. 
 Thanks -- 3:00 pm Thursday sounds great.  On 21 I assume?  I will see you there. 
 I will be out of the office for most of the day on Friday, October 20.  My dad is experiencing serious health problems, and he is coming to Houston for a doctor's appointment with a specialist that I have arranged.  I will be going with him to the appointment.  I will have my cell phone with me (713-417-1591) and I will check messages throughout the day.  In my absence, please contact the following persons on Friday regarding trading operations issues:  Gas Operations  Jeff Gossett  x37306 Bob Hall  x36956 Leslie Reeves x37962  Power Operations Jenny Latham x33982 Leslie Reeves x37962  DPR    Mike Moscoso x35242  MPR    David Maxwell x36983 
 I sent an e:mail message yesterday saying that I could make dinner in Austin on Wednesday, October 25.  That date does not work for me now.  I need to attend a get together for the CommodityLogic team that evening, that was just set up today.  As of last week, I am now co-leading CommodityLogic (under Enron Networks) along with Tom Gros.  This is in addition to my role within ENA.  As a new lead over the group, it is important for me to join the team for their team building next Wednesday.  Let me know whether or not you have enough takers for dinner in Austin next week.  If you are short, let me know and I will see what I can do on another night that week.  --Sally 
 What is the latest on this one?  I gather that they are still using spreadsheets, which in and of itself is not necessarily a problem.  Are their positions not being captured and aggregated?  What does Scott Mills have to say about this?  --Sally 
 Thanks for the names and numbers.  I have just called and talked with Jonathan Beck and Jenia Nikolova; have left voice mail messages of congratulations for Jeremy Fitzpatrick, Matthew Olney, David Scott, Corrinn Sutton, and Thomas Underwood; and left a message with a roommate for Ryan White.  I did not get an answer of any kind when I tried Thomas Lowell's number.  He is the only one that I have not contacted at this point.  I will try his number again before I leave tonight.  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 I am open from 3:00 to 4:00 on Thursday - have to meet with Enron's legal counsel from Sydney at 4:00, followed by a 4:30 meeting with Delainey on a proposed asset sale.   I have rescheduled my meeting with the Sydney guy several times this week, and I think this may be my last shot of meeting with him during this trip.  Is an hour sufficient?  --Sally 
 FYI - Let's discuss 
 Thanks for passing along the announcement.  You are right, the grapevine news did precede this more formal annoucement!  Sounds as if this will be a fun position for you.  Thanks for all of the great work that you have done on behalf of mid and back office operations.  Your help in Helsinki earlier this year was especially wonderful.  I will call you when I next come to London and will hope that you will have time for lunch or dinner to catch up. --Sally 
 I will be there on the 25th.  Thanks.  --Sally 
 Trena,  3:00 PM is fine.  Patti 
 Trena,  Per our earlier conversation, I have scheduled a meeting with you and Sally for 3:30 - 4:00 PM today (Wednesday, October 18) in her office at EB 3389.  Thanks, Patti Thompson x39106 (Sally's Assistant) 
 I could go to Austin the night of Wednesday, October 25 for dinner with students if you need me.  Let me know.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Irfan was one of the UT students, not OU.  Just wanted to make sure that we have him on the right list.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Count on me for interviews at OU on Monday, October 30.  If possible, I would love to fly up on Monday morning, preserving my Sunday night at home.  The first flight from IAH to OKC arrives in OKC at 8:10 am.  I could easily be in Norman for a 9:00 am interview.  I can also stay for interviews on October 31, with a target of catching a flight from OKC at 1:35 pm back to IAH (the next flight after that for leaves OKC at 4:36 and arrives at IAH at 5:56, putting me at my house around 7:00 - too late for the start of trick or treating with a 2 year old).  I plan to have dinner on Monday night with Chris Hoyle, the student that Jody Crook believes is the top graduate from the business school this year.  I would like to get to know him since I did not interview him when I was at OU this last time.  I have also forwarded your message on OU to Cary Carrabine in the Chicago office.  I will let you know what I hear back from him.  Consider Shona Wilson and Steve Venturatos as interviewers again if you are short on 10/30 & 31. Finally, I have noted November 10 on my calendar for the management overview.  Keep me posted on details.  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 In cleaning up e:mails, I ran across this one that I had not yet read.  Has James called and talke with you about Enpower?  Are his concerns in the memo accurate?  Let me know.  --Sally 
 Would you ever be interested in helping us with recruiting at OU?  As you are probably aware, the analyst programs have been combined into one program, so we are searching for top candidates to bring in for all rotations within the analyst program.  Upcoming interviews are for summer interns.  We will be on campus on Monday, October 30 (just after the OU - Nebraska game).  Let me know if you are interested or if you have any questions, and we can get you formally added to the team that is recruiting at OU.  Hope that all is going well in Chicago.  --Sally 
 As of Friday, October 13, it seems that this student had not heard back from Enron.  What is the timeline for getting back to students regarding Super Saturday? 
 The 13th won't work for me, unfortunately.  Rick Causey is hosting an offsite meeting from Tuesday evening (Sept. 12) through Friday (Sept. 15).  If you were to arrive early enough on Tuesday, we could try to do the review before I catch the plane on Tuesday afternoon.  The only problem with that is that the VP/MD PRC is scheduled for September 11 and 12.  I don't know that the VP portion of the PRC will be completed on Monday, or that the results would be available to me on Tuesday even if the process is completed on Monday.  We have been asked to hold VP reviews until after the PRC process is completed.  I will contact you as soon as I do have the results from the PRC and we will set up a specific time for the review, either in Houston or Calgary.  Seems like it would be a good time of year for me to head north!  --Sally     Peggy Hedstrom 09/05/2000 12:15 PM 
 The Associates PRC was completed on Monday, July 24.  As the PRC rep, I will communicate the final ranking from the PRC process to your supervisor.  I received a copy of the rankings from Charlene on Friday while I was on vacation.  I will be communicating the final rankings to each Associate's supervisor today.  It is your supervisor who will the one be to give you your performance review and the ranking.  In your case, I would guess that Jean and your new supervisor will have to work out which one (or both) will do your review.  --Sally 
 The Associates PRC meeting has been rescheduled for Monday, July 24th at 9:00 am.  I have also sent an e:mail message to the associates letting them know about the new date. 
 We have a new date - Monday, July 24th beginning at 9:00 am.  I will contact your supervisors after the PRC meeting to let them know the final results. Your supervisor will give your performance review and will be able to summarize the feedback received through the PEP system during the review.  Thanks for providing your resumes.  I will feel more informed during the process. 
 Today's Associates PRC meeting that was to begin at 1:30 has been cancelled and will be rescheduled for a date yet to be determined.  Both the morning Analyst PRC meeting and the Associates PRC meeting were scheduled for the same location and with Joe Sutton as chair.  The Analysts PRC meeting is apparently running very long, so someone from the program office called to cancel the Associates PRC meeting for this afternoon.  I will let you know as soon as I know a rescheduled date.  In preparation for today's PRC meeting, I was able to meet in person with most of your supervisors to get input on your job responsiblities, accomplishments and performance.  For those that were unavailable for a meeting, we managed a phone call or at least a series of voice mails to accomplish the same thing.  I also have any materials that you may have provided to your supervisor for the mid-year review process, as well as copies of the internal feedback that was gathered through the PEP system.  With this delay in the meeting date, I have the time to ask for a copy of your resume.  The PRC process clearly focuses on your performance specifically from January through June 2000.  However, it would be helpful to me in representing you to at least be familiar with your backgrounds.  Please e:mail a copy to me or you can send a hard copy to EB3015.  A couple of you have come by my office to meet with me.  I would also be happy to put a name and face together for others of you or to talk by phone if you are not in Houston.  My extension is 35926. 
 Today's Enron-wide Associates PRC meeting has been cancelled.  It was scheduled to start at 1:30 today, following the Analysts PRC.  Apparently, the Analysts PRC is running long.  Since both meetings were scheduled for the same location and with Joe Sutton as the chair, the Associates PRC has been cancelled.  I do not yet have a rescheduled date.  I will let you know when I do.  I am also sending an e:mail message to the Associates that I am representing so that they will informed of the cancellation.  Thanks for taking the time to meet or talk with me about the performance of your respective associate in preparation for the PRC. 
 I will serve as a representative to the  Associates PRC meeting that will take place on July 19.  As a PRC rep, I have been assigned the Associates to represent in the meeting as indicated on the attachment.  The Associates Program has provided me  with your name as the PRC supervisor of the associate as listed.    Please provide me with the following by Friday, July 14:  Associate's accomplishments for the first half of 2000 (prepared by the associate or summarized by you)  Description of associate's current responsibilities/assignment (and any additional rotational assignments during this first six months of the year)  Pre-ranking of the associate from your business unit PRC , or your suggestion on ranking if no business unit PRC process has been completed (Superior, Excellent, Strong, Satisfactory, Needs Improvement or Issues)  Any other information that you believe will be helpful in accurately representing the associate in the PRC process  Recommendation for promotion, if any  I will receive a copy of the Consolidated Supervisor Feedback from the PEP system through the Associates Program.  I will be on vacation until Monday, July 17.  My assistant, Patti Thompson, will be contacting you next week to ask if you would like to meet with me for a few minutes on Monday or Tuesday, July 17 and 18 (or phone call) to discuss your associate and his/her performance in more detail.  Thanks for your attention to this.  If you are not the appropriate PRC supervisor for the associate listed on the attachment,  please reply by e:mail as soon as possible and my assistant will research where I should go next for this input. 
 I don't think that John Jacobsen should be reviewed in London.  Pulp & paper is still an ENA group, even though we have John reporting to you.  I would not roll that up under Global Products as it exists today.  We did review him in our PRC.  For some reason, HR has confused the issue with the Pulp & Paper employees by putting them under Global Products rather than ENA, a step they took I believe without any outside direction.  Does this make sense to you? --Sally 
 Left these two off original list:  Director  Stephen Schwarz Satisfactory Sr. Director  Steve Jackson  Strong 
  Superior	Excellent	Strong	Satisfactory	Needs Improv.	Issues Directors	Todd Hall		Susan Harrison Scott Mills Eugenio Perez Bob Superty Sheri Thomas Steve Ventoratos  Sr. Directors	Kristin Albrecht	Mary Solmonson	Brenda Herod Leslie Reeves	Sheila Glover	James Scribner  VP		Brent Price	Peggy Hedstrom 
 I hope that your holiday was wonderful.  Nikki told me that you would be working from home today, but I decided not to bother you there.  I will try to have Patti connect me with you during my commute on Tuesday morning.  I start with a 7:30 meeting (Houston time), so I should be in my car from 6:30 to about 7:15.  I let Nikki know about a rescheduled date from Rick's PRC last week.  I don't think that there had been any widespread communication about the new date of June 27.  Will you still plan to come to Houston next week?  I have scheduled dinner for us on Wednesday evening, assuming that you will still make the trip.  Just let me know.  Will you also be back for the meeting on June 27?  Before you left for vacation I had tried to reach you regarding the MG acquisition.  That should make life fun for you!  I wanted to talk about resources and how I might be able to help in both the further due diligence efforts and longer term in the assimilation.  As in my voice mail, I believe that a doorstep review of trading locations would be critical, both from a controls perspective and from the perspective of an up close view of how they run their business.  It seems that might help jump start the plans around how best to assimilate the business.  I had suggested my new hire, Shona Wilson, as a potential resource and then there are several of us who have already been involved in doorstep reviews that could be involved both in the US and in other locations.  Brent has forwarded a memo to me from Naomi Connell  who seems to be formulating a plan for the doorstep reviews.   I don't know the names that she mentions (other than Tani Nath), and I am sure that she is unaware of additional resources from Houston that could be used.  We can hopefully talk about that tomorrow morning. 
 Hope your long weekend was a good one, uneventful on Monday, at least.  Got your message last Friday.  It seems as if Kristin is more and more interested in the EBS role, especially after her continuing discussions with Jim Fallon.  The timing of her trip to London is somewhat up in the air.  May be the end of this week, may be next week.  I think it will still be good for you and Kristin to talk in person.  Kristin and Todd are both very qualified and you would love working with both.  Kristin's established working relationship with Jim Fallon would definitely be a plus.  I don't want to lose both of them from ENA, however, at the same time.  So I would suggest that we make it an either or propostion.  I got your message on housing/location in Houston.  I am headed out of the office soon for an offsite meeting hosted by ENA's Office of the Chairman.  I will call you on Friday when I am back in the office and talk through some options on housing. 
 We did talk about the creation of these new positions within gas support.  I have also discussed this at length with Brent, and agree that the shift of manager positions to front to back looks across each region (eliminating the OA and Deal Validation manager roles) makes sense.  Upon the recommendation of Susan and Brent, I am comfortable with appointing Jeff Gossett as the manager of the West region. 
 Approved. Sally 
 Thanks for the Pappa's gift certicate.  For a woman who can't remember the last time that she cooked dinner, this will come in very handy!  Thanks, too, for the beautiful flower arrangement that has graced my desk for the past two days.  I will take that home with me tonight and I will enjoy it during my upcoming days off.  I hope that the Christmas holiday brings each of you the joy of the season -- and some rest, relaxation and time with family and friends.  Thanks for your enthusiasm in your role at Enron and for your continuing and tireless effort.  It is through working with each one of you that I find my job to be fun.  1999 was a year of outstanding accomplishments for Energy Operations - a direct result of your contributions.  I look forward to meeting new challenges in 2000 through continuing to work together. 
 I have this on my calendar and I will be there.  Thanks. --Sally 
 Glad you could make it yesterday.  I don't play (at least not in front of others), so I do look for golfers from time to time.  I will keep your number handy!    Enron Capital Management 
 Crazy week -- 7:00 pm and I just finished a project for Delainey that I got at noon today.  Cancelled everything on the calendar and have been immersed ever since.  Patti gave me your message with your home number around 5:30 today, just as she was leaving -- apologized for not giving it to me earlier.  However, given my immediate project, I don't think that I could have called until now.  And at 1:00am London time, I think that this e:mail is much better.  I am still really crunched tomorrow morning.  All of our mid-year reviews must be completed by the time we have our ENA Office of the Chair staff meeting at 2:30 tomorrow.  Big push, after an over percentage completion rate of about 60% at our ENA meeting two weeks ago.  Some of those unfinished reviews were mine to give (16 direct reports is a killer).  I wrote three last night after Tyler went to bed, finished at 1:00 am and gave all three reviews this morning.  I have 5 more to write tonight, and to deliver tomorrow morning to be at 100%.  I will try to call you on my way into the office tomorrow morning from the car.  If I miss you then, it will be late afternoon Houston time before I could call you.  Next week shapes up to be MUCH better.  I am definitely very interested in continuing our conversations.  Would love to have to over here and involved in operations.  So I will either catch you from my car tomorrow morning, or we can talk on Monday. 
 If HR can not find this signed review, can Clara communicate with someone in your group in Houston to be able to access a copy of the review by 11:00 am on Friday?  That is the deadline for the final tally on completed reviews (defined strictly by HR as their having received - and retained, I guess - the signed review).  The goal is 100% completion by then, for reporting in the ENA Office of the Chair staff meeting on Friday afternoon.  Although many employees are now not under the ENA umbrella, we are tracking the completion of reviews by their operating company assignment at the mid-year PRC time. Thanks.  Of course, I believe you said that this guy left the company, and if that is the case we may be alright without the review.  But getting a second copy from Clara would probably be the best bet.  Thanks. 
 11th grade ticktocker meeting details:  Location:   Home of Kristen and Nancy Dipaulo (check my spelling on this one!) Time:   2:00 to 4:00 Program: SAT Preparation (Klein High School Counselor) Senior Presentation Responsibilities (Nancy Galante) Planning for Holiday Adopt-A-Family  Thanks, Beverly!!  --Sally 
 I scheduled this meeting in Houston to best accomodate schedules of some of our Enron speakers -- the hill country or even Galveston was going to make it impossible for Jeff Skilling to join us.  I would look at this meeting as if it were to be held outside of town.  I have preliminarily reserved rooms for all of you at the Wyndham Warwick.  Part of the reason for this forum is to meet and get to know your counterparts in other Enron operating companies and from around the world.  If you can stay at the hotel, this team building will probably be enhanced.  This memo is not to force you to pack your bags and stay at the hotel, but to let you know that my budget for the event did include rooms for all of you for Sunday and Monday nights.  I hate the Sunday thing, but in trying to minimize the time out of the office for those who will travel from far away, this best suited their schedules.  Please let Patti know on Thursday whether or not you would like a room at the hotel to make it easier for you to fully participate. 
 I am forwarding a message from a Wellesley student which includes her resume.  Let's make sure that she is on our interview schedule for our return visit in November.  I talked with her quite a bit before the presentation, and was impressed with her.  She has followed up with phone calls and this e:mail.  I am sending her some additional information on Enron at her request to help familiarize her with the company.  Her work experience to date has been with more traditional energy companies. --Sally 
 Did you get to check on lunch plans for Thursday or Friday next week with directs?  This looks like it could conflict. 
 I was in Austin the end of last week recruiting at UT and (in a sense of open-mindedness and fair play) was at OU on Sunday night and Monday recruiting as well. James and I have not had a chance to talk following your conversations.  Nor am I really caught up on e:mail messages.  I have some tight deadlines on a couple of things for Friday, so it may be Monday before James and I have the opportunity to talk in any detail. 
 I did find one that I have not used.  You will just need to change the information at the top of the page. 
 Attached is your actual form.  I did not have a totally blank one to forward, as I have actually done work on all evals on my disk.  So I am sending yours so that you can erase your data and use this as a template.  Hope this works! 
 Hector has still referred to the key players under Jeff Gossett as managers. However, only one of these (Will Kelly) is a manager.  The remainder are senior specialists.  Let me know if you would like to discuss any of this in detail.  We are potentially exposed for Steve Jackson to hire some of these players away.  Steve is going to have deliverables at his new employer, our competitor, which will require that he have good people.  He will be moving to Columbus, Ohio where he will not personally know anyone locally to hire. He does know these risk specialists here, and being young and single or childless, their mobility factors could be high.  Enron would not want to lose any other talent to Steve's new employer. 
 Thanks for forwarding this contact list.  You should add my contact information to the list as well and redistribute to the team.  Thanks.  Office 713-853-5926 Home 281-370-8568 Cell  713-417-1591 
 Thanks for asking me.  I enjoyed the opportunity to meet your team and to talk with them. 
 ?? 
 Thanks for the note, and thanks, too, for taking time on both days to talk with us.  You should hear from Lexi soon regarding the Super Saturday event. 
 It was a pleasure to meet you and to talk with someone who knows ERCOT, PJM, etc.!  Thanks for taking the time on both Wednesday and Thursday to visit with us.  You should be hearing from Lexi soon regarding our Super Saturday event. 
 Please fill in the following information and email (or fax 713-345-8100) to me as soon as possible. (The same day would be great!)  Please select dinner entr,e for Sunday, Oct 22	Pan seared medallions of Black Angus tenderloin, or Grilled chicken breast w/ artichoke, mushrooms & light herb sauce Hotel reservation:	Both Sunday and Monday nights Sunday night only Monday night only Extend for additional nights Smoking or non-smoking room Flight information:	Date of arrival Airline/flight number Houston arrival time Shirt size:	Women's or men's size small, med, large, x-large, xx-large  Thanks, Patti x39106 
 I hope that you got my reminder message that I was attending Wes Colwell's PRC meeting today, which kept me from attending the ENW staff meeting over lunch today.  My remaining PRC obligations are as follows:  Friday, Dec. 8   Energy Operations PRC   8:00 am until ? (ENA, EGM, EIM)  Monday, Dec. 11 `  Enron Wholesale Services PRC  8:00 - 9:30 am  Wednesday, Dec. 13  Associates       7:30 am until ?  The Enron Americas Management Team Offsite scheduled for Las Vegas December 13-16 had been cancelled, so I will be in the office all of next week. 
 Hector:  The key employees that Jeff has identified are senior specialists, with the exception of Will Kelly.  If you remember, these are the risk employees that I was concerned about when Steve Jackson tendered his letter of resignation.  Steve will be taking a similar role with a competitor, and it is not inconceivable that he might approach some Enron employees to join him and help ensure his success with his new employer.  We don't want this to happen.  Waiting until the end of November to implement an effective retention plan does not make sense.  Please call me tomorrow and let's talk about how we can jump start this.  Thanks.  --Sally 
 I am so glad that you will be able to attend.  I will have a fully developed draft agenda available within the next couple of days.  It may help to know that the plans for Sunday will start with a cocktail reception at 5:00 at the hotel, followed by dinner at the hotel at 7:00.  We hope to have Mark Frevert join us that night to informally address the group.  Sunday night will be low-key, as so many of you will have travelled a number of hours to get to Houston.  On Tuesday, the plan is to meet until mid-afternoon (3:00?), so that some of the London participants can fly back to London that evening.  I do believe that some will stay Tuesday night and will plan to have meetings in the Houston office on Wednesday.  If that is the case, I will also arrange a dinner for Tuesday night.  Hope that this helps! 
 Please keep this for reference as we create a holiday contact list.  Thanks. 
 I always compile a contact list for Energy Operations during the holidays (Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Years).  Just let me know who appropriate contacts will be, especially for the DPR and MPR, during the dates that you are out.  Sounds as if you should see a white Christmas!  --Sally 
 Good input on those leather pants.  I can just picture her shopping.  We will look forward to seeing you for lunch on Saturday.  The weather looks as if it should be good for the game that night.  See you soon! 
 Klein High School Bearkadettes 2000 Golf Tournament  Tournament Location: Raveneaux Country Club 9415 Cypresswood Drive Spring, Texas  77379 (281) 370-6370  General Information: Date:   Monday, October 16, 2000 Registration: 12:00 Noon Start time:  1:00 PM Format:  Florida Scramble, Shotgun Start Mulligans:  Four per player (2 per nine) $5.00 each prior to start Lunch:  Sandwiches and soft drinks:  12:00 noon - 1:00 PM Dinner:  Fajita Dinner/Live Auction/Silent Auction Prizes:  Gross & Net Prizes Hole-in-One-Contest - possible car to be given away  Awesome Foursome sponsorship includes: Hole Sponsorship Sign Green Fees for Four Players Range Balls for Four Players Recognition in Program 2 Golf Carts 4 Lunches 4 Dinners  If you need any additional information, please call Patti at x39106. 
 Save the date!  October 22-24  has been reserved for the Enron-wide Operations Controller Forum to be held in Houston at the Warwick Hotel.  To accommodate the desired travel schedule of our attendees outside the Houston office, the forum will kick-off the evening of Sunday, October 22.  We will have a full day and evening on Monday, October 23, and the forum will conclude mid-afternoon on Tuesday, October 24.  Many key Enron players will join us for portions of the forum.  Speakers confirmed to date are Jeff Skilling, Rick Causey, Ted Murphy and Bill Bradford.  Details will follow in the next few days.  All hotel accommodations will be arranged by Patti and charges for these will be absorbed by my cost center. Please make your own airline reservations.  I look forward to seeing you at the forum.  This will be a unique opportunity to get know your counterparts from the wholesale, retail, and broadband segments of Enron, with contingents from the U.S., Canada, England, Australia, and Japan.  Sally 
 Thanks for looking into this for me.    Enron North America Corp. 
 It is with regret that I have accepted Steve Jackson's letter of resignation from Enron.  Steve has made a choice to leave Enron and to join another company in the industry.  I know that you will join me in thanking him for his many years of service to Enron and the contributions that he has made. His risk expertise and his knowledge of ENA transactions will be missed, as will his leadership on the gas team.  Although Steve's official last day with the company is in two weeks, today is his last day in the office.  He will be available by phone over the next two weeks if there are questions that you may have on any open items that you were covering with Steve.  Patti has his home number if you need that.  We will also plan a happy hour for Steve and we will let you know when and where that will take place.  Effective tomorrow, Jeff Gossett will assume leadership of the gas risk group, reporting to me.  Jeff will join Bob Hall and Leslie Reeves as business controllers for Natural Gas, to continue to work together to provide leadership for the processes, controls, people and systems that support all aspects of this key business for North America.  Please join me in congratulating Jeff on his new responsibilities. 
 FYI...I will keep you posted. 
 I had lunch with Barry yesterday and suggested that they might benefit from attending these meetings.  Hope you don't mind my extending that invitation. --Sally 
 While recruiting on campus recently I became aware that a decision was made at the Program level to not interview this fall for 2001 summer interns.  In talking with students and faculty at The University of Texas and University of Oklahoma, it became clear that there is concern over the feasibility of an internship with Enron, as other top firms will be recruiting this fall for summer 2001 interns.  I have communicated my concerns to Lexi Elliott and her manager, Shelley Jones, and was told by both that the decision to delay interviews for summer interns was made at a Program level based on Enron's staffing.  When I asked about the competitive data available regarding the practice of other firms on summer intern interviews, I was even more concerned to discover that neither Lexi nor Shelley had that data.  It would seem critical to know what the competition is doing in terms of summer intern interview schedules in order to understand the risk that could be created for Enron by not interviewing this fall for these important feeder positions for our Analyst and Associates programs.  I have had conversations over the last two weeks with Lexi and Shelley, with no resolution.  When they could not provide the competitive data to either confirm or eliminate my concerns, I volunteered to have James Scribner, a Senior Director on my team, obtain this market information.  Lexi and Shelley either did not have the time to gather this data, or were not sure how to do so.  They were pleased to have some help in getting our hands on this critical information.  I now have information at hand with regard to firms that will be recruiting at UT and OU this fall for summer intern positions. And based on this information, I believe that Enron is at risk for not hiring top students as interns for the summer of 2001 if we do not interview for these positions this fall.  While my research only touches on two of the schools at which Enron recruits, I want to raise concern over this as a potential problem at many, if not all campuses that we have targeted for recruiting.    As administrators of the program, you rely on the involvement of senior members of the company to carry the Enron message to campus.  I believe that we also have an obligation to make this a two-way messaging system.  I strongly believe that we must address this potential risk for Enron extremely quickly, as teams will be on campuses across the country to conduct interviews in a matter of days.  I suspect that many Enron participants in the recruiting process are unaware of the Program's decision regarding the timing of interviews for summer internships.  In working with Rick Causey and Mike McConnell, executive sponsors for UT and OU, respectively, they are as concerned as I about the decision on interviewing summer interns.  I have copied both of them on this note to the two of you.  Please let me know how this can be resolved.  With the help of James Scribner and others, we have already compiled a list of students at UT and OU that should be targeted for summer internships.  I will offer as much of my time as is feasible to work with staff members of the Program to devise creative ways to turn this around. 
 Attached is a memo that I have sent to Mike Jordan regarding the Operations Controller forum set for October 22, 23 and 24.  I want to send the official invitation early next week.  I have conferred with Mike on attendees from EEL.   Since I do not know all of the reporting relationships in London, I did want to share this list with you and get your input as well before it is finalized.  Please let me know your thoughts on attendees per the attached.  Mike was not sure that you would want to be included, but I certainly want to invite you and would very much welcome your attendance.  If you can come, I would be great for you to address the group if you would like to do so.  Just let me know.  Jeff Skilling, Rick Causey, Ted Murphy and Bill Bradford are confirmed as speakers, and I am waiting to hear from Mark Frevert on his participation.  I expect to sent a preliminary agenda out for review next week as well, and would welcome your comments on that.  Hope you have a great weekend.  --Sally 
 Peggy, is the EOL bridge functionality working for you in Calgary?  Jeff Gossett was in a meeting with me on Monday this week discussing systems issues.  Beth Perlman mentioned that the EOL bridging had been completed, but Jeff spoke up and said that it was not working correctly.  You or someone on your team may want to call Jeff to understand the issues that he was having to be certain that you are happy with the functionality that you now have in Calgary.  Thanks.     Peggy Hedstrom 09/28/2000 12:11 PM 
 I will be recruiting at Wellsley College for the Analyst Program on Thursday, September 28.  I will fly back from Boston on Friday, September 29 and I should be back in the office between 11:30 and 12:00.  My assistant, Patti Thompson (x39106) has numbers where I can be reached.  While I am out of the office, the following persons will serve as key contacts:  Gas Operations  Bob Hall  x36956 Leslie Reeves x37962 Steve Jackson x37070  Power Operations Jenny Latham x33982 Leslie Reeves x37962  DPR    Mike Moscoso x35242  MPR    David Maxwell x36983 
 FYI 
 4 counterparties for a total of $10.2MM makes me think that each one must be pretty large.  I am copying Leslie on this note, as I would like to know the names of the counterparties in the over 90 day bucket and how many dollars are associated with each one -- also how likely we think that collection is in each case.  Leslie:  I know that it may be that reconciliation is not far enough along at this point to provide this kind of detail, but it is the type of question that Dave may ask. 
 Decisions, decisions ...they are tough for her.  I suppose that if she wants others to host the shower that we can just split the cost of a couple of packs of diaper pins and then focus on eating all the sandwiches and cake that we can!  (Do you think that we will be invited?)  That really sounds ugly, and I don't mean it to.  I think that your idea was a great one, but if she has too many offers we can probably just as easily be guests.  Let me know when the deliberation process is completed!  --Sally 
 This memo apparently was already out on e:mail when we were meeting in my office regarding confirmations.  The language regarding Jeff's role on financial confirmations and settlements was left in the memo.  It wasn't clear to me when we met whether Scott and Leslie had talked while looking at a draft of the memo or whether she had seen this on e:mail.  Since you said that you had not seen this memo, please follow up with Scott, Leslie and Jeff to ensure a common understanding around financial confirmations and settlements so that can be communicated within the organization.  There should not be confusion over who has responsibility for financial confirms and settlements.  This memo as sent will create that confusion.  Thanks. 
 Thanks for sending the dates in writing.  We already have this on our home calendar and all five of us are looking forward to your visit.  I did confirm that there is a home football game on Friday, November 3, so if you all are interested in going, we will have plenty of tickets.  The weather should be great here then.  I have also blocked off Friday, November 3 from work so that we can do something fun with the kids -- zoo, Children's Museum, etc.  I sent Mo an e:mail message about your stay in Houston in hopes that she may need to be in Houston at that time.  I will let you know what I hear from her. 
 Is this a timeline for all of ENA, or just for the accounting group? 
 Good memo - let me know if you see results.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Hope are things in London?  I have seen Beth Apollo at two meetings in Texas recently, one in Dallas and one in San Antonio.  We have been making the Texas circuit -- not quite as exciting as your travels.  I have heard from Stephanie, and she, Paul and Rebecca are headed to Texas at the end of October/beginning of November.  She will be interviewing students at UT on October 30 and 31 and then she and her family will be in Houston from Wesneday, November 1 to Saturday, November 4.  They will be staying with us at our house.  It will be fun to watch Tyler and Rebecca get to know one another!  She is an older woman, but I am sure that they do well.  By the way, Stephanie is expecting baby number two -- I think that when she is here she will be about six months pregnant.  I thought that I would let you know what her travel plans are on the off chance that you might be in Houston at that time.  It would be fun for all of us to get together.  I don't know if I had told you, but Chuck Randall has joined Enron and this week I saw another old First City banker, Jeff Baker, who was on his first day here.  We could also schedule a First City reunion if you could be here.  If it doesn't work this time, just let me know the next time you will be in Houston and I will round up all the usual suspects for a lunch or happy hour.  I may need to head to London in October or November.  I will let you know if my travel plans develop.  I hear from Beth that you have taken a very adventurous vacation -- mountain climbing!!!!!!!  How was it?  I will be anxious to hear.  --Sally 
 I read your note back to Shona, and I understand John's desire to put a reminder in front of people, including commerical staff members, about the need for operating standards.  If this is the best time to put that in writing for Europe, then by all means go forward with that.  If there is an efficient way to reference this effort as an Enron-wide initiative to define and monitor these standards across all locations and all commodities traded, then that would be great.  It simply helps put the London initiative in the context of an Enron-wide effort that we all feel is important.  --Sally 
 This request is approved.  Your request forms that you send still don't provide enough information in layman's terms so that I know what you are asking to be approved.  Are we working on this? 
 I can never tell from these things what they are asking to be approved. Since Gregory's address looks as if he is at Corp., just let me know who he is and what I am being asked to approve.  Please reply with history attached.  Thanks. --Sally 
 This is fine.  --Sally 
 FYI 
 FYI - yes, my response was lengthy! 
 Would you please forward a copy of our current draft of operating standards to Shawn?  Thanks. 
 Fernley:  I think that you are right about easy access to the standards.  In fact, at the Global Operations Controllers gathering in Houston in October, we are going to roll out a website created for Global Risk Operations.  The global standards will be one of the items included, as well as contact lists for Operations Controllers worldwide, calendars for all Enron offices worldwide, a "what time is it there if I am here" page, etc.  I would like for this to be introduced at the offsite as surprise (just a little bang out of the announcement) , so I would appreciate your not sharing this plan widely at this point.  However, I thought that I would let you know so that we would not duplicate any efforts. 
 Late Jan sounds great.  Meagan does have a couple of big things on the weekend in January -- National Charity League Senior Presentation (big dance that she and I are committed to help with), the Bearkadette Ball and a winter party for Cotillion.  I believe that these are three weekends in a row, January 6, 13 and 20th.  So the last weekend in January would work well (and I will need a rest from formal affairs!).  Does that work for you?  And do you want to do it on a Saturday or Sunday?  Saturday probably works better for me, just so that I am back in Houston and doing laundry by Sunday afternoon!! 
 Thanks for following up on this. 
 This is hilarious!  I am laughing outloud!! 
 I think that it is a great idea to get some press regarding our fundamental operating standards, but I wonder about the most appropriate timing, enough of a global message and the means of delivery.  On the means of delivery, I am not sure from your note whether or not I fully understand the intent.  Is there an article to be included in an Enron publication and in addition a letter to be sent under John's name (if so, to whom will the letter be sent)?  Or is the letter from John an introduction to be included as a lead in to the article?  With regard to a global message, I think that one of the key points around fundamental operating standards are that they are intended to be global in nature, applied to every commodity and every location where we engage in trading activities.  With these operating standards implemented worldwide, we will know as operations professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to ensure Enron top management that there is consistency in operating standards worldwide.  These global standards also should enable Enron to expand its business reach more quickly, with well defined requirements with regard to trading operations.  I am not sure from the article as written that the global nature of this effort comes across.  Finally, a question regarding timing.  The last I knew after you and Brent drafted this starting point for fundamental operating standards was that this was being circulated (Shona took this to do after Brent's return to Houston) for comments to all business controllers.  I don't believe that we are quite at the point that we can say that all business controllers worldwide have reviewed, understand and have implemented these standards.  And not to belittle the process of creating the standards, the tough part (and the real meat behind this) will be an effective exception report on a global basis against these standards.  My commitment to Rick Causey is that I will have that global report in production by the end of the year.  There is much work to do in defining the content and regularity of the report and even more work to do to identify reliable sources of data for compiling the report.  Shona has commissioned Mike Moscoso to work on this, and I believe that Mike has already been working with James New.  So I question whether or not you want to publish info about fundamental standards that we can not yet report against.  Would a more appropriate time be after the Global Operations Controller meeting in October when we should have worldwide buy-in and commitment to these standards and (hopefully) our first draft of a meaningful exception report?  Sorry that this response looks so long.  I have been interrupted 20 times while responding, so I hope that it makes sense.  Thanks for sharing this with me.  Since you asked for input, I hope that you don't mind that I gave you some.  --Sally 
 This employee, and his supervisor, Bob Schorr, do not report in to me. Someone else should be approving this requested access. 
 Geynille,  Sally will not be able to attend Sept. 27 Intern offer dinner, but will attend presentation dinner on Sept. 28.  Thanks, Patti x39106 
 Thanks for your list.  I have talked with Brent and of the three names that you have listed, he wants to include only Cindy Horn.  I have thought more about Heidi Mason and Jan-Erland and think that they should be included.  While they do roll into Europe and also have a tie to accounting, they are the individuals in Sydney and Toyko that we are depending on to stress and enforce controls.  Heidi particularly does have active responsibility for risk, confirmations and settlements on a day-to-day basis.  And in addtion to their role reporting in to Europe, we are looking to them to oversee controls for other non-EEL traded commodities in their locations - weather, coal, etc.  I will include Fernley on the invitation list, as I had mentioned the meeting to him when I saw him in San Antonio.  He can certainly respectfully decline! 
 Thanks for looking into the OU/Texas tickets for us.  With the ages of the kids, I think that we will pass on those single tickets.  The kids love our home tradition for the game, and weren't sure that they wanted to give that up. (I have cake pans in the shape of the state of Texas and the state of Oklahoma - one daugther decorates one, and the other decorates the second cake - add some bean dip and chips and it's our own version of a tailgate party!)  We were hoping to bring Meagan up to look at OU this fall, with our eye on that last game of the season. However, Klein High School has started the football season very strongly, winning all games to date.  That means that we may be headed for high school playoffs again this year.  Meagan is on the drill team and must be at all games.  Last year, we played right up to Thanksgiving in the playoffs.  So, we have decided to pick a weekend in the spring after drill team contest season is over to make that trip with Meagan.  We are interested in caps, shirts, etc. for UT, OU and Texas Tech.  Do you have a list of what is available for those schools? 
 Invitations have been mailed to all VP's and above for the annual Enron Management Conference to be held at the Hyatt Hill Country in San Antonio November 15-17.  Hopefully, you have received your invitation (more to save the date than to provide any detail at this point).  If you have not received your invitation, please let me know. 
 It was good to see you in Norman earlier this week.  As always, I appreciated your attendance at the presentation and at Coach's afterwards.  I am sure that it is rewarding for you to see former students such as Jody and Nate participating on the other side of the recruiting table.  You have done a great job in changing and promoting the program.  I am pushing Lexi to resolve the question around interview dates for summer interns ASAP.  I have also left Mike McConnell a message to make him aware of the issue.  I should be able to get back with you next week, hopefully with a change in our strategy!  If you do become aware of five OU /Texas tickets, please let me know.  We will certainly purchase them, I just made the assumption that all tickets may already be sold.  On another note, David has worn his OU shirt to work and has gotten lots of compliments.  He has a number of people that have asked him about school shirts, caps, etc.  Do you have a list of the schools that you can get merchandise for and the types of merchandise that you can get?  Let me know -- we can probably place a few orders through you! 
 Please put this on my calendar.  I don't know if I will make it there, but I would like for it to be on my calendar.  Thanks. 
 Yes, he is working on the short list.  I do have to say, however, that I have not had questions from him on any of those names.  I will leave him a voice mail message for an update. 
 I know that there are a number of things that do not work as we had anticipated in SAP.  I also know that there are several things where we have to change our processes to accomodate differences or gaps in SAP.  We also have significant issues with the timing of certain runs within SAP and a mismatch of that timing with our business processes.  There was a concerted effort kicked off by the SAP team last week to try and identify and resolve issues.  They met with my direct reports.  However, we have to reconvene as we ran out of time to cover all issues!  I have asked Leslie Reeves and Bryce to get back to me on even more detail on this example so that we can fully understand how much of this issue was attributable to human versus system.  I will get back with you as I know more details and as I can share with you our list of first "hits" for SAP fixes or enhancements.  Thanks for sharing this with me.  --Sally 
 Whew!! Your schedule makes me tired!  I am sure that Brigeda is happy that you are involved in so many activities with her school - and then on the other hand, sometimes you wonder if they notice!  Work sounds crazy for you, but how nice that you will be off from December 21 until the 2nd.  I hope that make it over the week before Christmas.  The week is kind of crazy for us, so I am trying to find a time that will work.  Sunday the 17th we are having a dessert party at our house, inviting neighbors, old Huntwick friends, etc.  It is for families, and Meagan and Amanda each included 4 of their friends in the invitiation list, along with their familities.  It will be multi-generational - I hope fun, as it would be a nice tradition to continue.  On Monday, I think that David plans to take Tyler and Amanda to Longview for a visit.  A commitment that Meagan and I have to sort toys at Northwest Assistance Ministries from 12:30 to 4:00 that day has excused us from the trip.  So it may be best for Meagan and me to drive over to Austin after 4:00 on Monday.  We could be back by the time David and company return to Houston on Tuesday afternoon.  Wednesday we have matinee tickets to see A Christmas Carol at the Alley  Theater, sans Tyler.  Thursday I am having all of my girls in NCL over to wrap gifts for the family that we have adopted for Christmas and then we will deliver the presents.  And Friday is Tyler's birthday, with a 102 Dalmation theme planned (cake ordered from RJ Goodies, but nothing else done yet!).  So I really think that our only shot to make it to Austin is for Monday night, which would mean only Meagan and me.  I talked with Mom last night and invited Dad and her to Houston for Christmas.  I don't really think that they will come, but if they do, I hope that doesn't mess up your Christmas.  They have only been here for one or two Christmases with us since we have had kids.  I think that Tyler at 3 this year will be particularly enthralled.  And next year they will have 2 grandchildren in Austin, so it just seemed that this could be a good year for them to come.  She said she would think about it, and I told her that I wanted her to know that we would love to have them, but that it was perfectly okay if they decided that they did not want to come.  How about Dad playing golf this week?  What a difference!! I am so glad that he is doing better.  I hear you about Mom.  I think that a blow-up or some drama is highly predictable, unfortunately.  She seems to do that a lot at special occassions for Cara, doesn't she?  I will certainly help in any way I can.  And I will be very interested in the gosipy details.  Happy baking!    I do have to make 5 batches of fudge tonight and tomorrow night so that I can attend a cookie exchange luncheon on Saturday armed with 27 packages of fudge. 
 I have read this series of e:mails but I am not sure that I fully understand the issue.  Did Willie not do his job?  Are there problems with how SAP works?  Are both of these an issue?  Please let me know if we have a far reaching problem with SAP and netting.  Thanks.  --Sally 
 Debbie,  FYI, Sally Beck will be flying up afternoon of Sept. 28.  Please make her reservation for 28th only.  Also, do you have the address of Stone Davis Hall where dinner & presentation will be held?  I need that for her itinerary. And lastly, can you put me on cc: list for Wellesley info.  It's just makes it easier for me.  Thanks, Patti x39106 (Sally Beck's Assistant) 
 I updated that systems matrix recently, in preparation for our much rescheduled meeting with AA on risk controls.  That is on my calendar for Friday morning this week, so I will bring copies with me to that meeting.  I have been publishing an ENA operations report monthly since June.  To date, I have been reviewing it with Dave Delainey, fine-tuning each month the types of information and format that he likes.  I will bring you a copy tomorrow and would like your input on content and format as well.  With the recent reorganization, I am working with EGM and EIM to create the same report. After we have mastered that here in Houston over the next month or so, I plan to share the format with London so that all of our wholesale businesses can use the same format.  In addition to these monthly operating reports, we are working on a daily report to be operational by the end of the fourth quarter that will track compliance with our fundamental operating standards.  We are in the phase of determining the source of reporting (systematic or manual) and the frequency of reporting (daily, weekly, monthly) for all commodities and locations against the operating standards.  As we get this to a first draft stage, I will share this with you, as well as the timeline for full implementation. --Sally 
 Geynille,  Thanks for calling in list to me yesterday.  Sally is trying to juggle her calendar in order that she will be able to attend presentation on Sept. 28. Her plan at this point, is to attend dinner & presentation on 28th but not dinner on the 27th.  Unfortunately, her schedule will not allow her to be out on Thursday.  She was also wondering about details of dinner - said in the last meeting it had been discussed to possibly do a western theme - with jeans (?).  Is that still on?  If not, is dinner to be held at Stone Davis Hall?  Can I get the address of Stone Davis & address, phone, & fax for Wellesley Inn for Sally's itinerary.  Thanks, Patti x39106 
 Diana,  Here's info you requested.  Per our conversation earlier, please try to arrange someone with experience/knowledge of Jornada device for training for Sally & me both.  Sally is not very technical & will need to be walked thru. If she doesn't learn how to properly use it, she will not use it, if you know what I mean.  Any help you can give me in setting up training w/ someone that will be able to answer our questions is greatly appreciated.  Please have person contact me directly as I keep Sally's calendar.  She will be in training all day Thursday & Friday, so Monday would be the soonest she is available.  ID:    sbeck Password:   balc33balc Lotus password:   balc33balc H:\ drive mapping:  "nahou-uv3"  I submitted SRRS for "in sync" two or three weeks ago. Let me know if you need anything else. Patti Thompson x39106 
 This employee and his/her manager, Bob Schorr, do not report in to me.  This approval should be sent to someone else. 
 I will take a look at my calendar and let you know when I can come north.  I am heading to the airport in 5 minutes for a flight to Austin to make a presentation at UT tonight, capping off about four weeks with a lot of travel for me.  I will catch my breath on the plan and look at my schedule for the next few weeks and I will let you know.  I sat by Sheila Knudsen at the ENA staff meeting on Friday afternoon last week, and asked her if we should now schedule VP reviews.  The VP PRC meeting (much rescheduled) did take place on September 11 and 12.  Sheila said that as of Friday (the 15th) that HR had not received the final results from the PRC, and that we should wait on reviews until we had that in hand.  I will check with HR this week so see if all is finalized, so that we can schedule the review.  I will keep you posted.     Peggy Hedstrom 09/20/2000 12:18 PM 
 Too late with your spreadsheet.  The instructions that we got from Donna were that I should review the resumes, pass them to Brent for his review, and then on to Causey for his review.  Considering our schedules and the large number of resumes to review, that would have been an impossible task to complete by Thursday at noon.  I received the resumes after lunch on Tuesday, just before leaving for the airport to catch the plane for Oklahoma.  I asked Patti to make a copy of the packet for Brent, and I knew that Rick would not want to take the time to review the resumes without some organization and screening first.  I reviewed as many of the resumes as I could on the plane on the way back to Houston today (all of the liberal arts resumes and about one third of the business resumes) and Brent reviewed them last night after his training class.  We got those to Rick today by noon, as he was leaving the office.  I believe that Rick will review what Brent and I put together and then will pass the resumes along to you.  Since you only e:mailed your spreadsheet this morning after Brent and I had done our reviews, you will have to cross-reference the info on the spreadsheet with the selected resumes.  Brent and I would have appreciated some organization and screening of the resumes as well.  I would suggest that in the future that your team should make copies of the resumes for everyone that you would like to have doing the review.  The plan of passing them from one person to another is not practical,  and I should not have had to make the copies for Brent.  If you are going to ask VP's and MD's to help in this process in a very short time frame, then I would suggest that you use their time wisely.  If someone from you team had organized the resumes into three groups by GPA's or majors, that would have given us a good starting point, instead of a jumble of resumes. Two page resumes were not stapled together and there were a number of resumes of MBA's included, which should be considered for Associates interviews, not Analysts interviews.  Please give us organized information to react to, not simply a jumble of data that we have to weed through.  All of us want to participate and to be as involved as possible in the recruiting process, but we need to be able to rely on the Program for some basic administrative and organizational work.  I send these suggestions with the intent of constantly bettering the program and with the intent of helping you to succeed in your role, not being critical.  I hope that you will take these suggestions in that light.  Brent and I (and I am sure Hunter, too) would have appreciated 
 This approval request is incomplete - it does not include the name of this employee's manager.  I do not know the employee, and without the name of the manager I can't possibly approve this.  Please get someone to complete this request. 
 Margarite,  Did you intend this to go to Sally Beck - VP, Energy Operations?  If not, then this is starting to get a little old.  Please call me at x39106.  Patti     Invitation Chairperson: Andrew Lawrence Sent by: Margarite Cunningham  Start: 09/29/2000 08:30 AM End: 09/29/2000 09:30 AM  Description: #42c1 - ISC Training and Communication Services Team - Staff Meeting     This meeting repeats every 2nd week on Friday starting on 09/29/2000 until 12/29/2000. Meeting Dates: 09/29/2000, 10/13/2000, 10/27/2000, 11/10/2000, 11/24/2000, 12/08/2000, 12/22/2000    Eddie Lamp/Corp/Enron Michael Desbiens/Corp/Enron Sally Beck/HOU/ECT Jon Cashion/Corp/Enron Paul Jennings/Corp/Enron Caron Stark/Corp/Enron Gigi Hall/Corp/Enron Belinda Luna/Corp/Enron Crystal Chambers/Corp/Enron Sylvia Martinez/HR/Corp/Enron Margarite Cunningham/Corp/Enron  Detailed description: This staff meeting will start Friday, September 29th and run every other week until the end of December.  It will be in the same conference room each time.  Conference room #42c1.  Agenda: Review Open Remedy Cases Project development update What's happening with our "Maximize" efforts What's happening with our "Extend" efforts Individual updates (In a short 3 minute "turbo-update" style, share with the team your current projects, and/or deliverables, due dates, and what you need help with.) On-going (Mid-Year/Year-end) Performance Planning Wrap up:  "The one thing that keeps me up at night is..." 
 As you know, exceeding this limit would require contacting the Enron Board of Directors.  Jeff Skilling is keenly interested in this measurement.  In conversations with Ted Murphy today, Jeff has asked that he receive a daily report from Ted on component V@R.  Ted called me about 3:00 pm today (Houston time) to let me know about this requirement.  Obviously, we want to meet Skilling's request with information that is as timely, accurate and  complete as possible.  Therefore, we were concerned about feeds from London that over the past several weeks have caused one London commodity or another to be excluded from the first run of component V@R.  (Mike:  I assume that you are very familiar with these feed problems from your representative that you send to the daily 8:30 meeting.)  I pulled Steve Stock out of a pre-PRC meeting to meet with Ted, Shona, Ramesh and me at 4:00 today.  Realizing that the time was very late in London, we tried to reach you both at home numbers and by cell phone to include you in the meeting.  Since we could not do so, we continued without you given that Skilling will want to see this report daily starting tomorrow.  Here is the key fact to know:  It takes 3 hours to run the component V@R calculations, once all inputs have been received and processed.  The Component V@R calculations are kicked off at 6:30 am Houston time, producing an approximate completion time of 9:30 am Houston time.   With this timeframe, our goal would be to have the component V@R report to Jeff by approximately 10:00 am Houston time.   Given current calculation times, in order to consistently calc component V@R including all London feeds, London books (UK power, UK gas and Nordic power) will have to be completed, calculated and officialized by 4:00 am Houston time (10:00 am London time).  If this time frame is not met, then component V@R reports for Jeff will be incomplete.  We had hoped to discuss this with you today so that you could work with your operations staff, systems support and traders to insure that you could consistently meet a 10:00 am London requirement for officialized books.  The other immediate action to take is to ask Mike to work with David Hardy on what we understand to be an almost-completed task of including UK spread options in V@R calculations using the V@R engine.  Those V@R calculations that are done through Excel calculations are not captured and included in the component V@R calculations.  While there are other commodities that will currently be excluded from component V@R reports, they are deemed to be less material than the UK spread options.  Ramesh felt that it is only a matter of days before this is completed.  Mike, we would like for you to stay on top of this from an operations perspective to insure that this happens.  I should note that the firm 10:00 am deadline for officializing books in the UK will only result in producing a report for Jeff by 10:00 am Houston time. We don't know what Jeff's expectation will be regarding timing.  It is probably safe to say that we should be actively looking at process and systems changes that could result in the ability to deliver such a report earlier in the morning.  Mike, I will call you during my morning commute on Thursday to see whether or not you have any questions or if there are concerns about consistently meeting the 10:00 am deadline in London. 
 Margarite,  I think you may have the wrong Sally Beck again.  Might want to check your address list for future distributions.  Patti x39106    Enron North America Corp. 
 I am not trying to twist any arms with this question, but is there anything we can do so that Jody can make the presentation at OU?  Since he was the top graduate from the Energy Management Program at OU, it would be great for him to be at the presentation next Tuesday night.  I know that recruiting events can be a drain on staffing, but it is also time well spent.  I do know that Jody is in a role that has real day-to-day commitments, so if there is not a feasible way to have someone calc a book for him I will understand.  I just wanted you to take a look at this.  Thanks. 
 I have asked ENA's Compensation team within HR to conduct a compensation study for me for all positions from Manager level through Vice President. This analysis will include employees who are dedicated to ENA, EIM and EGM.  It had been the plan to complete our compensation analysis by focusing on the Manager level and above, following the market analysis for Senior Specialists and below that was completed by Yvonne Land.  I learned recently that Yvonne has left the Company and that she had not begun the analysis for Managers and above.  Todd Burke, who recently joined Enron, will be conducting the market survey and compensation analysis.  I met with Todd recently.  He has had wonderful experience with Towers Perin and Watson Wyatt, and I feel that we are fortunate to have him devoted to this project.  Please give sufficient thought and attention to requests from Todd.  The quality and timeliness of your responses will directly impact the quality and timeliness of the analysis that I will receive from Todd.  I think that you should each have a vested interest in the success of this project!  Todd also plans to resurvey market information for Senior Specialists and below so that his view of compensation will be complete and timely for all of Energy Operations.  Since we recently took action on compensation levels for key players at the Senior Specialist level and below, I would not anticipate further adjustments for those levels as a result of Todd's review.  You should receive a message from Todd in the next day or so in which he will detail steps in the compensation analysis and what your role will be.  Sally 
 I will be in San Antonio attending an offsite meeting hosted by Rick Causey on Wednesday and Thursday, September 13 through 15.  I will leave the offsite meeting before its conclusion on Friday, so that I can attend a lunch meeting with Philippe Bibi, Rick Buy, Ted Murphy and Bill Bradford to discuss common needs around risk systems.  I will be in the office the afternoon of September 15.  Patti Thompson, my assistant (x39106), will have telephone numbers where I can be reached.  Key contacts while I am out are listed below:  Natural Gas Operations  Steve Jackson   x37070 Bob Hall   x36956 Leslie Reeves  x37962 Power Operations   Stacey White  x31870 Leslie Reeves  x37962  DPR      Mike Moscoso  x35242 MPR      David Maxwell  x36983 
 Please print and start a file for me for year-end PRC 2000. Yikes!! Thanks. 
 I am not aware of an Enron-wide issue, but it would seem strange that two such instances occurred within your group.  You may want to contact someone in security to give them the details so that they can investigate. 
 Yes, Mary Solmonson from Energy Operations has volunteered to host a student in the Job Shadowing program.  Mary may have one of her directors host the student.  Please use Mary Solmonson as the primary contact for this program. Her extension is 36079.  Thanks.     Susan Skarness 09/12/2000 02:45 PM 
 Who are these guys and should someone from our group meet with them? 
 Great job on discussing status and next steps with the group this afternoon on OPM.  The presentation and your comments were direct and concise.  And your delivery of the information was very well done -- you were poised, organized, prepared and confident.  It was an effective and informative presentation to the group.  Thanks for your dedication and enthusiasm on this project. 
 I was out of town last week doing some recruiting, so I am just reading your e:mail today.  I have passed this along to Lisa Cousino and she should be getting back to you.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Canada Corp. 
 Well, she declined our kind offer, didn't she?  As busy as life is between work and home for me right now, I can't say that it will bother me too much to attend a shower where someone else makes the finger sandwiched and punch! Do be on the look out for the perfect pack of diaper pins.  I noticed some at a rack at Randall's the other day... (Just kidding!)  Hope you all are doing fine.  I was on jury duty three days last week - really interesting, but totally screwed up my schedule at work.  I have been doing double-time to try to catch up, especially since I plan to be off the week of December 18th. 
 This came in while I was in Austin last week, so I am just reading it today. Any thoughts on this one?  --Sally 
 Dates: Sunday, October 22 (late afternoon, early evening kick-off, reception and dinner) Monday, October 23 (all day, with evening event) Tuesday, October 24 (through mid afternoon)  Confirmed speakers to date:  Jeff Skilling (Tuesday, October 24 - available 9:30 am to 1:00 pm)  Proposed list of attendees (Mike:  let's talk about the scope of this list on Tuesday):  ENA Gas - Steve Jackson Leslie Reeves Bob Hall  Power - Stacey White  Calgary - Peggy Hedstrom  EIM Pulp, Paper, Lumber - Brenda Herod  EGM General - Brent Price Global Products - Scott Earnest Weather - Todd Hall Financial Products - Sheila Glover ? Kevin Sweeney  EEL ? Fernley Dyson Mike Jordan London - James New Frankfort - Ralph Jaeger Metals - Tim Pouillan-Patterson Australia - Heidi Mason Japan - Jan-Erland Beking  ESA Scott Mills  EBS Barry Pearce  EES Wanda Curry ?  Global Risk Management Sally Beck Shona Wilson Eugenio Perez Mike Moscoso 
 We will need this, so I am sending it to you as well.  --sally 
 Does this make sense to you?  Seems like they may have the wrong person.  Can you follow up?  Thanks. 
 Please set up a 30 minute meeting for me with Dave.  Thanks.=20 
 Thanks for you message.  I am glad to know that you like what you see in the office to date.  I am planning a trip to Chicago soon, so I will look forward to seeing you there. 
 Itinerary for Sally Beck Enron MBA Excellence Fund Scholars Dinner September 7, 2000     Thur, Sept. 7 Southwest Flt. WN 2113  =20 4:20 pm Depart Houston-Hobby 5:00 pm Arrive Austin - Bergstrom Int=01,l  Dinner:   Meet Rick Causey in Driskill Lobby at 6:30 PM Cocktails: 7:00 =01) 7:30 PM Dinner:  7:30 PM The Josephine House at Jeffrey=01,s Restaurant 1601 Waterston Austin, TX Phone:  512-477-2177  Hotel:   The Driskill 604 Brazos Street Austin, TX 78701 Phone: 512-474-5911 Fax:  512-474-2214=20 Confirmation #:  94623459 =20 Fri, Sept. 8  Southwest Flt WN 599 8:00 am Depart Austin - Bergstrom Int=01,l 8:45 am Arrive Houston - Hobby 
 It was good to see you last week, too.  That was a big group, and there were many people that I just passed in the halls!  I would love to participate, but I will be out of town on September 14.  Rick Causey is hosting an offsite meeting from Septemer 13-15 in San Antonio.  Thanks for thinking of me. --Sally 
 Sheri Thomas (x36557), one of my direct reports, has responsibility for the call center that supports EnronOnline.   There is also a call center for Clickpaper.com.  Sheri will know the name of the person who is heading that effort as well.  I am sure that it would be interesting to compare notes on their efforts and yours.  Welcome to Enron.  It was nice to meet you last week.  --Sally 
 The week of September 11 is not a great week for me.  I am out of the offic= e=20 from Tuesday at noon through Friday afternoon, so my Monday and Tuesday=20 morning are already booked!  I checked to see if there was anything that I= =20 could bump off the schedule for Monday, but I am doing several performance= =20 reviews and have Richard Sage here from London to go over several things. = =20  The next week, I am at a Communications training session on Monday, Septemb= er=20 18 and then will be in a V@R class on Thursday and Friday, September 21 and= =20 22.  Let's try for Tuesday or Wednesday that week, the 19th or 20th.  I hav= e=20 Patti checking on some travel details for me.  I have to make a presentatio= n=20 for recruiting in Austin on Wednesday late afternoon or evening.  Let me kn= ow=20 what works for you.  --Sally=20 
 January 27th and February 24th sound good.  Meagan has a big dance on Jan. 27th, and I need to be here to help with prep and to take pictures.  February 17th is our anniversary (22nd!!), so that is probably not a good date either.  So if you can make one of the other two dates work, I would love to come.  Just keep me posted. 
 I already have a meeting scheduled for Friday from 2:00 to 2:30.  I will join you in the facilitator training as soon as that meeting concludes--it may not last a full 30 minutes.  In case I can not make the meeting, I have printed the attachment.  Thanks. 
 I would like to participate in this focus group, however, I will be returning from Austin on Friday morning following the Enron scholarship dinner the night before.  I am scheduled to land at Hobby at 8:45 am.  It is unlikely that I will be in the Enron Building before about 9:15, and I am scheduled to go into a meeting at 9:30 that involves a number of players and would be difficult to reschedule.  If your responses from participants for the Friday session is thin, and you schedule another time, please let me know.  I have been out of the office on business for the last several days (recruiting at UT yesterday) and returned mid-morning today to a full schedule.  I am just now reading your e:mail and therefore could not respond by noon today as you had asked.  --Sally 
 Thanks for the resume.  I have been out of town the last several business days, so I am just now catching up on e:mails.  David told me that he ran into you at lunch.  Small world...  How are things going for you?  I hope that this was a good move for you. --Sally 
 Brenda,  Sally is out of the office today.  Patti x39106 
 October 20th sounds great -- we will reserve the guest room for you! 
 Please print all attachments for me.  Thanks. 
 I was able to get into the application this time.  I could see the request for Shona on the screen and I clicked "Approval".  The status did not change from pending and there was no pop up on the screen that indicated that the request was processed.  So I do not know if this worked. 
 Sally is in Dallas for an offsite - she will return to office Friday (Sept 1).  If you can forward contract to me, I will see that she signs it asap.  Patti x39106 EB 3388 
 Sally's internal address is:  EB 3389  Temporary fax # is 713-646-8029  Patti x39106 (Sally's Assistant) 
 Please set up a meeting with Steve and Beth as soon as we can.  I believe that Beth is out sick at the present. 
 I have confirmed your attendance with your assistant.  Please notify me if you are unable to attend.  Thanks, Patti x39106  Date:  Wednesday, December 6 Time: 2:00 - 2:30 PM Location: 32C2 Subject: Book officialization process in RiskRAC (Meeting to be led by Shona Wilson) Attendees: Matt Brown Michelle Bruce Scott Earnest Jeff Gossett Todd Hall Peggy Hedstrom (by phone) Brenda Herod Mike Moscoso Brent Price Kathy Reeves (by phone) Martha Stevens Stacey White Shona Wilson 
 I heard today that Curtis Smith has resigned.  I am sure that both ot you know that Curtis and Jeremy Wong were viewed by users as critical resources for ERMS support.  Even at a stand still, my team had great concern over the rumored loss of Curtis and/or Jeremy.  And with the assumption that Sitara will not go forward for valuation, then ERMS really has become repositioned as one of our key, strategic systems.  There is much to do to "catch up", if you will, with changes and enhancements that were put on hold for several years during the Sitara development stage.  And our business continues to grow and change rapidly, requiring responsive enhancements on an on-going basis.  I would like to get together to discuss the staffing plan for support of ERMS as soon as possible.   We need to understand how day-to-day production support will be managed and how development work will be effectively handled.  I will ask my assistant to set up a meeting as soon as possible. 
 Here are the home games when Meagan will be dancing in the half-time routine:  Friday, September 15  7:00 pm  Saturday, October 14  7:00 pm  Friday, October 20  7:00 pm  (homecoming)  There is a chance that she could be added to two other home games if alternates are needed.  Nothing definitive on that, of course.  She did get put into a routine last year as an alternate, but you never know.  We would love for you to come for a visit this fall, and it would be fun if it would work around one of these games.  I have also given this schedule to Cindy, as she and Brigeda were interested in making it to a game.  I am headed to Dallas early tomorrow morning.  Patti has sent you a copy of my itinerary. 
 I'm trying again! 
 I think that we sent this to the wrong e:mail address at first... 
 Great idea -- hopefully we can make that happen.  These days with Mom and Dad, I have asked Patti to copy you, Cindy and them on my travel plans.  That way all of you will have numbers where I can be reached if something were to come up.  Hopefully, never needed!  Have a great time in New York later this week.  I sent you a newspaper article in the mail today, that you may get before you leave. 
 I will be in Dallas from Tuesday, August 29 through Thursday, August 31 at an offsite session hosted by Rick Causey to review the SAP implementation and next steps.  The linkage of Unify and our Global Databases to SAP is a critical one, and decisions around next steps can impact these operating systems and our processes.  Therefore, Rick has asked that I attend.  Patti Thompson, my assistant (x39106), has telephone numbers where I can be reached if needed.  In my absence, please contact the following persons in Houston with questions.  Peggy Hedstrom is the appropriate contact in Calgary.  Natural Gas Operations  Steve Jackson   x37070 Power Operations   Stacey White  x31870  DPR      Mike Moscoso  x35242 MPR      David Maxwell  x36983  I will be back in the office on Friday, September 1. 
 I thought that you might want to know that Randy Gay's wife passed away on Friday evening.  Randy is the Manager of the West Desk Gas Logistics group. His wife had been on a liver transplant list for some time and had been moved up on the list several weeks ago as her condition became more severe. Unfortunately, she developed complications during the last two weeks which resulted in her being removed from the transplant list.  Randy has a four year-old daughter.  Several of us will be attending the funeral today.  Over the past several weeks within ENA, we have raised funds for playground equipment to complete a fund raising effort that Randy's wife had headed for their civic association.  Through donations from ENA employees, the original goal for the playground equipment was far exceeded. 
 Have you had a chance to talk with Dave B. on any of this?  It might be helpful for you to put a call in to Tom Martin today to give him your phone number and to let him know that you are working closely with Dave and that you are available for any questions.  Nothing may come up, but I think that Tom would feel better with this gesture.  Probably wouldn't hurt to log the same call or e:mail in to the rest of the guys on the list.  That will give all of them a feeling of continuity with regard to information from Dave on this project.  Do you have contact information for Brenda?  If not, I would get that from Yvette Convey, her assistant.  She is making the rounds with Patrick Conner and the corporate development team, doing site visits on two additional paper mills that we may purchase.  Thanks.  --Sally 
 I have let Lexi know that I have a conflict with this meeting time -- I will be doing a business review meeting with Jeff Skilling on global risk management operations at 10:00 on September 7th.  I just wanted you to know that I continue to be committed to the recruiting effort at OU.  I have asked Lexi to update me on the meeting.  --Sally 
 I can't make 10:00 on September 7th.  I have a business review meeting scheduled with Jeff Skilling at that time.  FYI:  Bob Klein has resigned from the company effective August 31.  Let me know what I miss in the meeting. Thanks.  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 Shona,  I printed 12/4 consolidated report for Sally.  It is again very small.  Any possibility that you can change format to enlarge (very large margins).  I can go in every time & reformat, but it seems a waste of time to do every time when you can just change your template once.  PT    Enron North America Corp. 
 If needed in reviewing the V@R calculations, the following persons have been identified as contacts for questions over the weekend:  Natural Gas  Jeff Gossett   Home:  281-358-7546 (Kingwood # - may be long distance)  Power   Jenny Latham  Home:  713-977-4904 Cell:      713-443-5367  Global Products  Scott Earnest  Home:  713-436-1102 Cell:     713-825-5470  Other    Mike Moscoso  Cell:       713-825-0543  Sally Beck    Home:   281-370-8568 Cell 1:    713-417-1591 Cell 2:    713-299-1436 
 I will be at the presentation.  I can not make a faculty lunch that day -- it's my mother's birthday and she lives in Austin, so I have already committed to lunch with her.  Just let me know the details on how soon you would like for me to arrive at the Alumni Center, and if there is anything else that I can do.  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 Wow - thanks for copying me on these.  --Sally 
 Let's let her float in that vision for a while... 
 It is good to be getting feedback on these standards.  After you have received all responses, I will be curious as to the number and nature of changes suggested.  I think for this to be powerful, we will need to expect all commodities and all locations to meet common standards.  I will reserve judgement on that however, pending your assessment once you have gotten all responses. 
 Not too mountainous, but I am sure that would be fun.  It's kind of hard to fly to Bermuda from Texas.  Easy from New York, but not that much traffic between Houston/Austin and there.  A few years ago when we went with David's family to Yellowstone, we were able to get a great deal through Continental through their group rate department. That works when you travel with a group of 10 or more, all on the same itinerary.  I think that our round trip from Salt Lake to Houston was $235 each.  Hopefully we could arrange something like that.   If airfare is more like $1,000 between here and Bermuda, that could be tough.  Should we pin them down on an exact location, maybe have them pick two or three and rank them?  Then we could check on accomodations, airfare, deals, etc. to see what would be most feasible.  Or should we research a few places and present those choices for them to consider?  What do you think?  Seems like there will be 13 of us, counting baby White/Lowrimore.  And what do you and Cara envision -- a weekend, a few days, a week?  Our kids will get out of school on Friday, May 25.  The 2nd of June is that following Saturday.  We are having a great year here at Enron, especially in the business unit that I am in.  Hopefully, that translates to really great bonuses in early February.  I hope to be in a position to fund airfare and hotel for everyone. 
 No manager is listed below on this request and I don't know the employee. The manager blank must be completed for me to be able to address these. Without that, I can't possibly tell what group this person is working in and whether or not it makes sense to grant the system access.  Please return this to me for my approval when complete. 
 FYI - I responded to Sharron. 
 RSVP:  Yes, I will attend.  I will arrive in San Antonio in time for the dinner on Tuesday evening.  Count me out for golf on Wednesday - I don't think they would want me to play!  Breakout Sessions:  SAP Reporting Issues Analyst/Associates Program (I will be glad to participate in any of the sessions, if there are needs to move anyone around)  Top 4 Objectives for Accounting Group:  Streamline close process (from a Non-Accountant!!)     Implement data warehouse for flexible reporting Increase visible participation in Analyst and Associate recruiting and          rotations Asssure efficient service from COE (or its replacement), providing timely, creative solutions and an extremely high degree of excellence  Dietary/Special Needs:    Something chocolate for dessert!!! 
 In cleaning up e:mails, I can across this one from Sheila.  Is this one of the corrections that was made to the June information?  Any update on July? Thanks. 
 Thanks for letting us know about Blake.  I just tried to reach him and left a congratulatory message on his answering machine. 
 The Enron-wide PRC meeting to review the mid-year performance for all Vice Presidents has been rescheduled several times.  Currently, this meeting is set for September 11 and 12.  Per David Oxley, performance reviews for Vice Presidents should be conducted after this PRC process is completed.  Assuming that the meeting takes place as now planned in September, I will schedule your reviews sometime after September 12.  (Bob, I will assume that your review will be given by Rock, but I will keep you informed on this process along with Peggy and Brent.)  On another note, Enron hosts an annual management conference each year for Vice President level and above.  You should all receive invitations to this event.  In recent years, it has been held in San Antonio.  I do not know the location for this year, but I do have the dates for you to hold on your calendars:  November 15-17.  Let me know if you have any questions on either one of these. 
 Thanks for your comprehensive note on your plans for middle and back office in Japan.  I have done a quick review, and I agree with your thought processes.  I also agree that being able to leverage trading operations personnel and experience in Sydney, with lower wages, makes a lot of sense. While distance is great, the small time zone difference makes this a good option.  I want to take a little more time to review this in more detail.  After several months of schedules that have been too full, I have initiated a practice of holding one day a week open for work at my desk, with no meetings.  That day is Friday this week, so I have put a review of your document on the list for more careful review on Friday.  I can send you a note then if there are any other comments that I have.  I should have apologized  in the first paragraph for standing you up while you were here in Houston.  Jeff Shankman was on the war path with some concerns over V@R calculations on the day that you were in town, and my schedule was thrown to the winds until we could get him comfortable with the calculations (he was over his limit that day -- never any questions when he is under!).  I hope that we will have the opportunity to speak in person sometime in the not too distant future.  Mike Jordan and I have been working on a worldwide forum for business controllers for all commodities and offices.  I am working on securing a location in or around Houston, shooting for October 23,24 as potential dates.  More details to come on that in the next day or so.  I know that is a long way from Toyko, but if the dates work for you I hope that you can join us. 
 Do you know who this is?  I don't recognize the manager's name.  Thanks. 
 I received the note about the Wellesley recruiting team meeting on Thursday. I will look forward to seeing you there.  Will you be in Dallas next week for the ASE?  I will be there.  I did let Melissa know when the dates were announced that I will quietly slip out about mid afternoon on Thursday.  Amanda's school open house is Thursday at 7:00, and parents will follow their children's schedules and meet all of the teachers.  With this being Amanda's   first year in junior high, it is important for me to meet the teachers and understand their expectations so that I can best support her in school.  Mary Solmonson and Brent from my team will be there for the duration.  I look forward to seeing you there, too! --Sally 
 On Sunday, the new Fortune magazine was a roadway for my two-year old's cars.  On Monday, my sixteen year-old used the cover to cut out pictures of money for a school project.  Last night, the magazine made it into my hands around midnight when everything at home was settled in for the night.  What a nice article!  I smiled while reading it.  How nice to see your accomplishments recognized in print.  Congratulations.  I hope that you have plenty of copies for your mom and dad.  --Sally 
 Glad you got some rain.  We are still doing lots of watering on the yard.  No water rationing in our area yet, but it has been put in place in many areas in and around Houston.  I have to be in Austin for a presentation and reception late afternoon on September 5, so I thought that it would be fun to try to come earlier and have lunch for your birthday.  I haven't made flight reservations yet, but I am sure that I can work it to be at the University Club by 12:15.  Looks as if the whole family will go to Hallettsville on the 9th.  David and I will enjoy the drive, and I am sure that the girls will enjoy the sleep on the way over! 
 Beth Perlman tells me that you are in charge on this system.  It does not work.  I thought that this was going to be corrected last week.  I am confused about why we are using a system that does not work.  I understand that there are bugs in the system.  Was the system tested before being put into production?  I tried to reach you by phone.  You were unavailable and I could not leave a voice mail because that was full.  I talked with Torey Hayden and verbally okayed the access for Bob Hall.  Please call me and let me know when the system will be working correctly and how you are going to manage these approvals in the interim while the system is not functioning.  You might at least put a contact name and number on these things if you are going to continue to send these out before the system is fixed.  My number is 35926.  I look forward to hearing from you on solutions and timing. 
 I will be at the meeting on the 24th. 
 Yes, Harold Powell is providing the clothes for the show.  Beverly Scott, with Harold Powell, is coordinating and commentating.  She offered to call all the girls to set times for them to come in and choose outfits.  I was planning to do that as a go-between, but when she offered to coordinate that I decided to take her up on it.  She just moved her daughter back to Baylor, so she was to begin calling the girls on Monday this week (I had given her a list of names and numbers).  I talked with Linda Smithey this morning and she had not heard from Beverly yet, either, so I am concerned that she hasn't called everyone on the list.  I took Meagan in on Monday night to choose outfits, and Beverly had some great ideas on music, commentary, etc., so I know that she is working on it.  Just a little more slowly than I would like!  I have a call in to her to see if I need to take some time from work today and make calls.  Why don't you call Beverly directly today and just coordinate a time for Jenny to go by.  Her number at work is 281-444-0751. 
 I met with Karen Marshall today.  She is in the Community Relations group and is organizing the dinner on September 7th.  I suggested that she add to the invitation list the other interviewers this year for the scholarships (Roger Ondreko and Gene Humphrey), Brent Price and Loftis Fitzwater (one of last year's scholarhip recepients who started with us as an Associate this summer).  I have also volunteered to coordinate with the University on appropriate attendees, as some of Karen's info is dated and she does not know people at the school. I will keep you posted.  --Sally 
 I am not available to interview on December 7th.  I will be in a PRC meeting.  Try me next time!  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 Was Lisa a recent hire that Susan Harrison brought in?  I don't immediately recognize her name, but wonder if that's who this is.  Also, I left you a message about Bob Klein's resignation, as I learned from Jeff Sorenson.  I am sure that Jeff has communicated this to you.  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 Please print the attachment for me in color ( I have to put that burnt orange on my bulletin board), put this event on my calendar and research flight information for me.  I would fly over on the afternoon of the 7th and back on the morning of the 8th.  Check with Karen to see if she is handling hotel reservations, or if we should make those.  Thanks. 
 Thanks for the follow up.  Please move forward with this offer with the sign on payment.  Thanks.    Enron North America Corp. 
 John,  Please let me know if these look like the final ones.  Thanks for your help.  Patti x39106 
 This was sent for my approval.  The manager listed below does not work in Energy Operations.  This should be sent to someone else for approval. 
 Same time, same place -- just not as often!  I would like to maintain management team meetings on Monday afternoons from 2:30 to 3:30 in EB3014.  My plan is to alternate weeks for ENA and EGM meetings.  There are a few direct reports, whose work extends across ENA and EGM, who will attend both meetings.  Today was the ENA Management Team meeting.  Next Monday, August 28 will be the first meeting with the EGM management team.  I will look forward to staying current with each one of you and Brent on the growth and challenges of the businesses within Enron Global Markets.  I have asked Patti to cancel one-on-one meetings that we had scheduled on the calendar going forward.  Although this new structure changes the direct line reporting relationship, I will continue to be very interested in the professional development of each of you.  I hope that we can schedule time together on an as needed basis. 
 If you absolutely can not find enough of the right players to go on the cruise, let me know.  My husband is scheduled for a baseball game on Wednesday night.  If I could find some Diamond level tickets for another day for him, he might consider giving up his tickets for Wednesday night.  This is a last resort sort of measure, however, so I hope that you find success in response from others. But do let me know... 
 I didn't have this on my calendar, Lexi, because I wasn't on the list for this event that you handed out regarding the recruiting strategy.  My husband has a commitment away from home for Wednesday night, and with the children in school already, I can't really ask the older kids to babysit for the two year-old during prime homework hours.  Patti has some names that I have suggested for this event and she plans to call you with those names.  Very few of the names on your e:mail message were on the Recruiting Strategy Schedule that you handed out, so I would be surprised if any of these folks have this on their calendars.  You may need some of the names that Patti has for you. I have put the other dates on my calendar, however, and I am in the process of lining those up with our home schedule to make sure that these will work for me.    Enron North America Corp. 
 I like the trip idea better than a party, personally, so I am glad that Mom and Dad seemed to like that alternative.  And in June, I think that the mountains sound great.  I have a preference for Western mountains -- big, open sky  (Grand Tetons could be great), but if Mom pictures North Carolina as the spot I am sure that we can find something good.  We were in Ashville a couple of years ago, which was very near the Blue Ridge.  We stayed at a place that was supposed to be terrific, but we did not care for it.  I am sure that there are other places in the area to research.  There may also be some spots around Charlottesville, also just off the Blue Ridge.  I think that some people from here have vacationed in that area, so I will ask around and see if there are any good suggestions.  In magazines, I have seen pictures of places in Tennessee and Georgia ( I guess they do have mountains) that look nice.  I will see if I can find the names of those places.  Thanks for pursuing this with Mom and Dad.  --Sally 
 The record on Friday showed that 127 employees from Energy Operations had pledged dollars to the United Way campaign.  Large number, but still percentage-wise smaller than we would like.  I sent the message below to all Energy Operations employees on Friday afternoon.  We'll see in a few days if this helped on contributions.  Text of e:mail message to Energy Operations employees:  Two weeks ago I toured the Depelchin Center, one of the organizations that receives much of its funding from the United Way.  I was surprised to find out about the many programs that the center offers to neglected and abused Houston children and  the caring adults who will open their homes as foster parents.  I had already completed my electronic pledge card before going to the center.  Learning about the important programs offered through Depelchin and meeting four year-old Jessica and ten year-old Steven who were temporarily housed there before going to foster homes made me very glad to have made that pledge.  Enron has a terrific matching program that allows all employees to receive matching funds for dollars that you may choose to give to non-profit organizations.  Hopefully, many of you take advantage of this to stretch your charitable giving during the year.  The United Way campaign is the one time each year that Enron invites employees to partner with the company to make a difference in the lives of so many in Houston.  Each dollar pledged by an employee is matched by Enron.  If you have not yet completed your electronic pledge, please consider doing so as soon as possible.  Our United Way campaign draws to its conclusion next Wednesday, August 23.  I hope that each one of you will consider making a pledge.  There is no gift that is too small, because cumulatively all Enron employees can make a significant positive impact for Houston.  Log on to http://unitedway.enron.com to complete your pledge card.  Thanks to the many of you who have already completed your electronic pledge. 
 Please print this memo and attachments in color for me.  Thanks. --Sally 
 Please print the attachment below for me in color.  Thanks. 
 Two weeks ago I toured the Depelchin Center, one of the organizations that receives much of its funding from the United Way.  I was surprised to find out about the many programs that the center offers to neglected and abused Houston children and  the caring adults who will open their homes as foster parents.  I had already completed my electronic pledge card before going to the center.  Learning about the important programs offered through Depelchin and meeting four year-old Jessica and ten year-old Steven who were temporarily housed there before going to foster homes made me very glad to have made that pledge.  Enron has a terrific matching program that allows all employees to receive matching funds for dollars that you may choose to give to non-profit organizations.  Hopefully, many of you take advantage of this to stretch your charitable giving during the year.  The United Way campaign is the one time each year that Enron invites employees to partner with the company to make a difference in the lives of so many in Houston.  Each dollar pledged by an employee is matched by Enron.  If you have not yet completed your electronic pledge, please consider doing so as soon as possible.  Our United Way campaign draws to its conclusion next Wednesday, August 23.  I hope that each one of you will consider making a pledge.  There is no gift that is too small, because cumulatively all Enron employees can make a significant positive impact for Houston.  Log on to http://unitedway.enron.com to complete your pledge card.  Thanks to the many of you who have already completed your electronic pledge. 
 I have this on my calendar.  At this point, I do not plan to bring anyone else to the meeting.  --Sally    Sharron Westbrook @ ENRON 
 Sorry that I missed you this morning.  I attended that last Financial Council meeting on SAP this morning just prior to my lunch meeting with Mark Frevert and Rick Causey.  Nothing substantial came up on Helsinki, so it was fine that we didn't get to talk today.  I had wanted to be prepared on how to address out current activities there.  So I can get an update on that when we talk tomorrow.  I have a meeting on the analyst and associates program from 9:00 to 10:00 tomorrow.   I will call you around 10:00 when I get back from that meeting. 
 I got your voice mail message and I understand your concerns around Todd's time.  I think we have it backwards for James to dictate how and when Todd's help would be needed.  I think that we can review the "to do" list from James and get back with him on how much of that we can help with, who would do it, what the timing would be, how we might suggest organizing and prioritizing the work, etc.  As I said originally, I knew that Todd would not be interested (nor available) for a month's worth of work.  Todd's tendency (remember this with weather, too) is to think that he has to do all of the work himself.  He has had enough experience that his organization, guidance and leadership can be very valuable without his doing all of the work himself.  If James' list looks long and involved, how could Todd lead these efforts, what kind of team might he ask James to provide, what additional short-term resources might we be able to tap into in Houston, etc.  We have to think a little out of the box to offer a potential solution to James.  If you are willing, I would be glad to explore this with Todd and challenge him to think about how he could provide leadership to the effort, but not do all of the work.  I want him to think like a consultant on these projects, not as the contracted hired help!  Let me know what you think.  --Sally 
 I will be there!  --Sally 
 Todd is completing his short-term role on the CommodityLogic team, and it is my hope that he will be able to provide some help for you after that is completed, while also working in his role with Weather.  I have sent a message to Brent and I am sure that we will talk.  --Sally 
 As we said before, I would like to be able to utilize Todd Hall for special projects from time to time.  I had mentioned to Mike Jordan that once Todd completed his CommodityLogic role that I thought that we could take some of his time to follow up on Continental Power issues, which could fit nicely with some work he could do on Weather in Europe.  I don't know about the one month timeframe.  I would prefer that Todd review the initiatives and determine the best way to proceed.  It might mean a couple of weeks over there for starters, and then a follow up, shorter trip a few weeks later.  I don't think that Todd is keen on any elongated stays in Europe, particularly without the family.  Can we still use Todd ? 
 Thanks for taking the time to give me your input on the analyst program.  It will help to have that info in my meeting on Friday. 
 Cathy:  slight wording change from Rick Causey:  add words at beginning of third sentence in italics and drop the phrase "on accounting issues and reporting earnings" at the end of that third sentence.  Thanks.  Clear as mud?  --Sally   Brent Price will be joining Enron Global Markets as Vice President of Operations and Chief Accounting Officer.  He will report to the EGM Office of the Chairman, and to Sally Beck, Vice President of Global Risk Management Operations.  In his role as Chief Accounting Officer, Brent will also report to Rick Causey, Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for Enron Corp.  Reporting to Brent in his new position will be Sheila Glover, business controller for Global Financial Products;  Todd Hall, business controller for Weather; and Scott Earnest, business controller for Global Products and Coal.  In addition, Tom Myers has joined Brent's management team as Director of Accounting.  Brent and his team are responsible for all accounting, risk reporting and trading operations for all the businesses within EGM. 
 Call or e:mail - either one is great.  I do hope that you are working with James directly on these issues as they surface.  It is still not clear to me whether or not you two have spent time together on these issues.  I will always support whatever changes can be made to our processes or controls that will insure better information.  Because I can't personally do all of the work, I just want to be sure that you are plugged in to work directly with the right management team members on my team.  I don't think that we are purposefully doing duplicate work.  I believe that the manual process that moves information from the Entelligence team to GCP has apparently not worked as well as was designed.  While sorry that the results haven't been as expected, we are glad to have your input now to help address this.  James has reassigned the resources from Entelligence for now to work with Mary Gosnell on updates to GCP that I understand have been prioritized with you. 
 I am resending this memo regarding the information that I need from you as Cheryl Ingstad's supervisor as I prepare to represent her in the Associates PRC meeting next week.  I am tied up in other PRC meetings on December 7, 8 and 11, so I am doing my homework earlier rather than later this week. Please note the bullet points in the memo below which outline the information that I need.  I do have copies of the internal feedback forms and Cheryl's self-evaluation.  Let me know if you have any questions.  I know that things are very busy right now, but it is important to the Associates that their reps in the PRC process are well prepared.  Your input will help me with that.  Thanks. --Sally 
 Rick:  This is a draft of the language to be used in a McConnell/Shankman memo to go out on their new organization.  I worked with Mike on the language for this paragraph.  Any comments or suggested changes? Mike would like to send this out ASAP, ideally this afternoon.  Thanks for taking a look.  draft  Brent Price will be joining Enron Global Markets as Vice President of Operations and Chief Accounting Officer.  He will report to the EGM Office of the Chairman, and to Sally Beck, Vice President of Global Risk Management Operations.  He will coordinate with Rick Causey, Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for Enron Corp., on accounting issues and reporting earnings.  Reporting to Brent in his new position will be Sheila Glover, business controller for Global Financial Products;  Todd Hall, business controller for Weather; and Scott Earnest, business controller for Global Products and Coal.  In addition, Tom Myers has joined Brent's management team as Director of Accounting.  Brent and his team are responsible for all accounting, risk reporting and trading operations for all the businesses within EGM. 
 Please put this on my calendar.  I assume that this every other week meeting will replace the weekly Friday meeting.  Thanks. 
 Should have sent you a copy of this... 
 As a result of the creation of the Global Markets business in the last few days, I would add the following persons to the attendee list for the ASE in Dallas:  Brent Price  VP Operations and CAO, Global Markets Tom Myers  Director of Accounting, Global Markets  Brent is in London this week, and will be on vacation the week of August 21. With the demands of a new role, Brent will be best able to address the feasibility of one or both of them attending. 
 Can you join me at this meeting?  I plan to talk with Tom Gros tomorrow to let him know that you will be the liasion with CommodityLogic for Energy Operations.  Then I thought that we could both attend this next meeting as a transition.  Then it's on your calendar after that !  --Sally 
 Around midnight last night as I was creating our calendar for the week, I ran through the incoming calls on caller ID to find the piano teacher's number. I think that I saw yours.  Did I miss you sometime this weekend?  With almost two teenagers in the house, my personal messages have dropped very far down the list in importance.  I an never quite sure that I get messages that anyone calls!  Feel free to call me at work, or I can try to catch you during my commute tonight again.  Hope you had a good weekend.  Ours involved homework, shoe shopping and continuing the search for new clothes.  Our friend Mo was in town from London and had burgers with us on Saturday night.    --Sally 
 Thanks for the update on Dad.  Keep me posted on what you hear.  No, I didn't get the message that Cara had called.  With almost two teenagers in the house, my personal messages fall very far down the list in importance!  I will e:mail her today and maybe we can talk tonight if she can't talk from work.  --Sally 
 I am sorry that you won't be here to join us for the lunch for Kristin.  It was a trick getting a date that worked for her schedule and mine.  Since this is her last official week with ENA, I did want to do this before she starts her new assignment.  --Sally 
 I have been able to move up the meeting with Mark Frevert regarding responsibility for operations for ENA, EGM and EEL to Thursday, August 17 instead of August 28.   I will keep you posted.  I met with Brent's direct reports yesterday afternoon and announced Brent's new role.  I will have three persons leading the natural gas team:  Steve Jackson, Leslie Reeves and Bob Hall.  I am confident that this will work well. 
 FYI:  Rick agreed with the attached note that I sent him.  By voice mail, I suggested Ted Murphy as a substitute for Rick Buy for the meeting.  We are set for next Thursday, August 17 at 11:45 in Rick Causey's office over lunch.  I am meeting with Ted this afternoon to fill him in on the purpose of the meeting and to be certain that I have his support.  Rick Causey suggested citing some of the items in my memo to him when we get with Frevert.  Any words of wisdom or suggestions for the meeting?  Hope that everything is fun and relaxing in Maine.  --Sally 
 I'm glad to know that she is home.  I can just imagine how much fun those oxygen treatments will be!  I know that you will be thankful to have your whole family under the same roof.  --Sally     Barry Pearce @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 12/01/2000 05:47 PM 
 Life is busy at Enron and I literally receive hundreds of e:mails every week.  This is not the best way to communicate with me on priority issues.  I have looked at your proposal and would be interested in learning more.  Can you provide more details beyond your presentation?  What is your background and experience?  Can you provide information on your company? 
 I think that you and Allan misunderstood the request from Nelson Wu.  If you look at his resume, is already with Enron as an Associate.  His e:mail to Allan Sommer seems to indicate that he is interested in a rotation in Allan's group.  Normally, I think that associates talk directly with someone in a group in which they may have an interest.  I don't think that HR gets involved in this process.  I am not sure how I got into this loop.  It seems that if Allan has an interest in having an Associate do a rotation in his group then he should talk with Nelson.  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 Definitely clever!  I wish that I had thought of the changing the clock thing when the girls were younger and had slumber parties.  I didn't know that there were computer games that work on higher level math skills.  I will definitely look into that for Meagan.  I wish that we could meet for lunch.  Keep me posted on Cara  -- I have called her a little more frequently lately in hopes that she would spill the beans, but no movement on that yet!  I think that next week we will know the schedule of games when Meagan will be dancing.  She did not make the dance for the first try-out.  It was jazz; not her strong suit.  But she did make the dances for the next two try-outs: a kick rountine and a pom routine.  There are two more try outs -- one more for kick and one more for pom. Hopefully she will make both.  Each routines is danced at two games -- one at home and one away.  So if she makes the next two dances, then she will be in 8 out of 10 dances for the football season. I think that she would feel pretty good about that.  The last two try-outs will be next week.  I will keep you posted.  Have a great weekend.  Love, Sally 
 The employee for whom access if requested is not an employee of Energy Operations.  I would assume that with his supervisor listed as Ed Baughman, that he is in a commercial origination group.  Someone else should be reviewing and approving this. 
 That was always one of my favorites!  The old Parent Trap is always great too,  I wish that I could be there. I know that Brigeda must be excited about the slumber party.  When does she start school?  Today is day #2 for the girls --Amanda loves her classes.  Meagan thought that the first day "sucked".  I have been on the phone with her counselor and assistant principal this morning trying to undo a bad decision that she made on her class selection.  Despite annual struggles with algebra and geometry, she signed up for both Physics and Pre-Calc!!!   I don't know what she was thinking!!  Amazingly, for a school as large as Klein, I was persuasive enough with the assistant principal that they will ignore the July 22 deadline for changing your schedule and they will let her drop Physics and add a study hall.  She still will take Pre-Calc, but she is in a regulars class that will be a review of Algebra II during the first semester, which is probably exactly what she needs.  I was prepared to go all the way to the school board if necessary to get her a schedule that makes sense, but luckily I didn't have to go that far.  Hope that you have a good weekend!  Love, sally 
 Thanks for copying me on this.  It is interesting to see your thoughts.  I suggested that Tom visit with both you and Mike while he was in London.  I told Mike that I support many of the ideas of CommodityLogic.  However, I also told him about my two dark-side fears:  (1)  that IT resources reporting to Networks would make it even more difficult to get the attention on projects that we need, and (2)  taken to the extreme, that this concept would disinsent operations personnel from coming up with creative solutions to managing the growth of the business if all good ideas are swept away to this special team for them to handle.  Part of the fun in operations is improving things, and I would hate to rob some of our most knowledgeable people of the chance to implement creative business solutions. 
 Do we have these numbers for Hector? 
 Not surprisingly, the organization is moving faster than Rick Buy's vacation schedule.  Our meeting is set with Mark Frevert, Rick Buy, you and me on August 28 -- two weeks from next Monday, dictated by Rick Buy's schedule.  I am concerned that waiting that long to get with Mark to discuss the potential formalization of a global risk management operations role will put us behind the curve.  Mike McConnell and Jeff Shankman plan to release a memo tomorrow on the structure of the Global Markets team, which will include a discussion on Brent's role and reporting responsibilities.  Brent and Scott Earnest are flying to London next Monday evening to spend the remainder of the week in that office to iron out details on supporting the global markets businesses. Many of their discussions will be with Mike Jordan and some logical points will be raised around co-ordination between EEL and EGM.  In a conversation with Gary Hickerson on Tuesday regarding his business, he stated that he wanted to be sure that I had responsibility over London operations, as he will have support personnel in London and wants to be certain that efforts are coordinated.  Separately, Jeff Shankman said that he was certainly comfortable with Brent in the Operations/CAO role but that he wanted Brent to report to me to ensure consistency, access to support resources and logic around systems issues that cut across the ocean.  I told him that you and I had had discussions about a more formalized role to encompass responsibility for London and that we had a meeting planned with Mark Frevert on August 28. That's a lifetime to a trader, and Jeff said he hoped that we could nail that down before the end of the month.  What are your thoughts about an earlier meeting with Mark Frevert?  The summary of doorstep findings can be finalized early next week.  I have checked Mark's travel schedule.  He will be in the Houston office next week, with Thursday, August 17 as the best day to potentially schedule a meeting.  I am not trying to rush this process, yet I know that by the end of August much will have been decided around coordinating between ENA, EGM and EEL operations.  I would like to be in a position to help guide those decisions, rather than arrive at the party late. 
 I don't know Mog Hue.  Please return this request to the person who originated it so that the Manager section can be completed.  By including the manager's name, that will help me to identify who this person is, what job they perform and whether or not the request makes sense.  I have over 400 people in my group, so without more detail on these requests it is not worth taking my time to approve these.  --Sally 
 I don't know Sabrina Rank.  Please return this request to the person who originated it so that the Manager section can be completed.  By including the manager's name, that will help me to identify who this person is, what job they perform and whether or not the request makes sense.  I have over 400 people in my group, so without more detail on these requests it is not worth taking my time to approve these.  --Sally 
 I have been on jury duty since Tuesday this week - I had Patti call Chris today and let him know that I would get back with him next week.  I will keep you posted as I have time to focus on that next week.  Thanks for following up!  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 David is doing well, too.  He is working contract, having quit Burlington Resources about a year ago so that his work schedule could be more flexible. Yes, Tammy is still with us.  We marked our 10 year anniversary with her in March, except for that six month period when she was with her dad in Kentucky.  I truly am blessed.  --Sally 
 Can you arrange with Bobbi?  Thanks. 
 Great job, as usual, on the United Way kick off today.  I saw Amy Leeand Eylesse Kalmans as I left the Hyatt and I told them.  Please pass the kudos along to the rest of your team.  The theme was timely, the staging was great, the questions on the gameshow were even educational for newer Enron employees, giving a little histsory and folklore about Enron.  (I knew the WLEC 1 answer!)  I especially enjoyed the breakfast at Depelchin last Friday.  Their programs are important to all of us and the tour was very moving as we met some of the children in the shelter. 
 To all Energy Operations employees:  ENA has experienced extraordinary growth thus far in 2000.  I am especially proud of the accomplishments of Energy Operations in supporting this growth. I wanted to express my appreciation for all the hard work and dedication that you have demonstrated.  We have done great work and I want to recognize you for that.  Although we have done much, we have additional goals to accomplish within ENA and Energy Operations this year.  Therefore, as we go forward, I want to make sure that you have all the necessary tools to do the best possible job, and that any barriers that may impede your work are removed.  To help in this effort, I have asked a consulting organization -- S.J. Bashen Corporation -- to survey our organization; to "take its pulse" if you will; to help us understand what in our environment fosters success and where we could improve; in essence, to assist us in acquiring the "necessary tools" and breaking down any "barriers."  SJBC is comprised of seasoned consultants who assist organizations like ours to help on issues like this.  SJBC will meet with members of our group in a private setting where we can highlight our successes, discuss our concerns, ask our questions, make our comments, and the like.  This collective information then is studied by SJBC with the goal of providing us an opinion regarding our strengths and weaknesses. Specific input will not be identified by the individual who provided that input.  Many of you will be receiving a phone call in the near future from a SJBC consultant.  Please schedule a time to participate at your earliest opportunity, as this effort will be a success for our group only if we cooperate to the fullest extent.  Of course, given the size of our group, it will not be possible to meet with each of you.  Therefore, if you have not received a call from SJBC by August 15 but would like to share your thoughts with them, please feel free to contact Cheryl Brown at 713.780.8056 and Cheryl will be glad to include you in our survey.  Communication is one of Enron's core values.  I want to stress that only through open communication will this survey be a success.  Please be candid. Thank you.  Sally 
 Can you help me on this?  Can you give me the name of someone who sends messages from ARSystem@ect.com?  To make matters even more frustrating, when I tried to e:mail back to get some clarification, I got a message that said my e:mail was undeliverable.  No contact name, no phone number, and no ability to e:mail back.  I'm stuck!!  Thanks.  --Sally 
 Is there a person who can attach a name and number to this request?  I receive many requests daily and I have yet to any two alike.  Makes it tough on someone to act on these, especially when sent with a name.  When I click on the address included in this message, someone else's name comes up (Steve Beck).  I don't know who you are, what you want me to do, or if you even have the right person. 
 I can't shed any light on the topic choice.  Surely you can redirect the topic.   Brent may have more info. --Sally 
 It was great to see a friendly face!  Don't ever hesitate to wave or stop in and say hello.  Can you believe that I had been on the 30th floor since the summer of 1994?!  I know that sets some kind of record at Enron!!  It is kind of fun to be up here.  The appreciation for the jobs that we do in operations has grown over the last several years, thanks to the hard work of you and so many others.  My family is doing great.  The children start school tomorrow.  Meagan will be a junior in high school -- we took a brief trip with her this summer for an early look at some colleges.  It will be a big year for Amanda -- she starts junior high in 6th grade.  And Tyler would tell you proudly that he is "two and a half".  What a delight he continues to be!!  I know that Erin has worked hard.  I hope that she and her husband are doing well.  --Sally 
 There is a problem with this process.  When Sally goes to website & enters her ID & password, steve.beck comes up - not sally.beck.  Until this is fixed, she will be unable to process these requests.  Please either fix this or find another way for her to approve.  Thanks, Patti x39106 (Sally Beck's Assistant) 
 I understand that the return e:mail that I sent to Kim Rizzi on November 27th was not opened by HR.  Please note on my e:mail below that I had asked for clarification on Brent Price.  This was the second e:mail that I had sent to Kim regarding Brent with no reply back.  My first message had noted for Kim that Brent was left out of my list, and asked whether or not Rick Causey planned to supply a pre-ranking for Brent or if I needed to do so.  Can you clarify this for me?  Brent reports to me as the head of operations for EGM and to Rick Causey in his role as CAO of EGM.  Here are the appropriate pre-rankings for grouped by level:  Superior  Excellent Strong Satisfactory    Needs Improv.  Issues  VP's      Price  Hedstrom Hall  Sr. Directors Solmonson Reeves Herod Scribner  Directors  Thomas  Mills  Superty Henenberg Perez Wilson   Venturatos 
 The United Way Executive Solicitiation is underway.  You should have received an e:mail message about a week or ten days ago which let you know that you this year pledges should be made on line.  Mark Frevert reminded everyone at today's ENA staff meeting to complete their pledges by Tuesday, August 8.  If you have not already done so, I would encourage you to complete your pledges before Tuesday.  Patti Thompson can tell you where to go on line to do this.  Peggy:  United Way may not apply in Canada, so ignore this if not appropriate. 
 Yeah!!  Yes, staff meeting is 2:30 to 3:30 on Mondays in EB3014  - convenient for you at this point. 
 Please note:  Per Sally, the 9:00 AM Doorstep meeting scheduled for Friday (tomorrow) is being shortened to 30 minutes (now 9:30-10:00 AM).  Thanks, Patti x39106 
 FYI 
 I left you a return voice mail regarding Scott.  Let me know if I did  not understand the role that you are trying to fill. I hope that Jo likes Dr. Moore.  I thought that everyone in his office was so warm and friendly.      Barry Pearce @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 08/03/2000 11:20 AM 
 Requesting update access for what?  (can't tell from this request what it is that you want me to approve)  Is this request for Sheila Glover or Rebecca Ford?  (unclear)  Next to Sheila's name is the word Trader.  Is this supposed to be her title?   She is not a trader.  She is a Business Controller.  Can you provide some clarification so that I can act upon this?  Thanks for your earlier phone message, Leola.  This is still a bad process and the information is not sufficient to give an approval. 
 Kristin will be working for EBS at the time of this class, reporting to Barry Pearce.  Please contact Kristin or Barry for the appropriate RC within EBS to charge for the fee for this class.  If you charged ENA at the time of enrollment, please reverse that charge.  Thanks. 
 To give you more clarity, Stephen transferred to EBS effective July 1, 2000. His move to EBS was agreed to earlier in 2000, with the understanding that it would be effective upon the completion of the SAP implementation for ENA on July 1.  Stephen was playing a critical role in ENA to insure a smooth transition for SAP, and Todd Lindholm at EBS was in agreement that Stephen would remain an ENA employee through implementation, with his performance review being based on his work for ENA.  Stephen is very talented and will no doubt do a great job at EBS.  During the first 6 months of 2000, however, his heart was already at EBS and he failed to communicate with my other direct reports on SAP issues, consistently missed my staff meetings, recruited our other key SAP expert to EBS without a back-up plan for ENA, etc.  It was his failure to make his SAP assignment a priority that landed him in the Needs Improvement category relative to other directors on my team.   It is the r elativity of his performance that is key, not necessarily the label of that category. 
 Hope that the trip goes well.  It should be interesting to look at that business.  Keep me posted.  --Sally 
 This was great -- and I saw myself in a number of these!!  It must be too long -- but that is who I am right now!  --Sally 
 Sorry that I didn't get to call you on my way to the courthouse yesterday. I was conducting lots of business back and forth with the Houston office during the drive and just ran out of time.  We reconvene in court this morning, to have what I hope will be final deliberation on sentencing, having found the guy guilty on both counts,  (Prior to the start of a trial, the defendant must choose either judge or jury to administer the sentence if the defendant is found guilty - he chose the jury.)  I am in the office now for an 8:30 meeting with Jeff Skilling regarding the upcoming Associates PRC meeting, to which I am a rep.  If I don't get a chance to reach you today, I will call during my commute tomorrow.  --Sally  By the way, I thought that when I put "Energy Executive" as my occupation on the jury summons form, that I would be deemed to be too conservative and too corporate to be chosen for the jury.  Not the case!  In fact, Mark Koenig (Enron's EVP of Investor Relations) was summoned for jury duty on Tuesday as well, and he too was chosen to be on a different jury!  The whole thing is actually very fascinating - just bad timing for me to be out so much this week.  But then, there never is a good time. 
 Can't remember at this point what the question was!  Thanks for following up -- I will call you if I remember.  --Sally 
 Did you mean to send that e:mail to me?  It was Greek to me, and I assume that the Sally it was meant for was that Sally Conover.  Feels like a Monday, doesn't it?  --Sally 
 Sally is out of the office today, but checking her calendar for Wed or Thurs of that week, it looks like Wednesday, Aug 9 would be a good day for her. She or I will confirm that date with you when she returns to the office on Monday.  Patti x39106    Enron North America Corp. 
 Tom,  FYI, Sally has changed her plans slightly - She will now be back in the office Monday morning (7/31).  Patti 
 FYI - I will be out of the office for the two meetings on Wednesday this week.  I will be working in Chicago Monday and Tuesday next week.  I will be back in the office on Wednesday of next week.  Todd tells me that a logo has been selected.  Can you e:mail that to me?  If not available electronically, I will see it when I am back in the office next Wednesday.  If no one has stepped in to a look at hours spent on the confirmation process and opportunities that may be presented there, I will do that when I am back in the office next week.  My first move will be to sit down with Jeff Sorenson who leads the confirmation group to put some meat around the hours that James Scribner sent you.  When we look at numbers of confirmations and compare several months of data we will be better able to identify which activities were stressed by increased business and which activities seemed to absorb increased business more easily.  I also think that Jeff will be the best source of information about ideas on streamlining, opportunities to simply life at Enron and perhaps create value externally.  All of the advances made over the last several years (auto-confirm, the DECAF system, auto-faxing, digitized signatures, document scanning, etc. ) in our confirm group have been ideas generated by the business group and led by them for implementation.  No doubt, Jeff has some good ideas on where to go next. 
 I will be out of the office from Wednesday, July 26 through Friday, July 28. I am taking my older daughter on a preliminary look at colleges.  I will have my cell phone with me -- the number is 713-417-1591.   My assistant, Patti Thompson, will have hotel phone numbers where I can be reached as well.  The following persons will be key contacts for trading operations while I am out:  Natural Gas Operations  Brent Price   x37647   (7/31 & 8/1:  Steve Jackson x37070) Power Operations   Stacey White  x31870   (7/31 & 8/1:  Kristin Albrecht x34763) Financial Products Operations Sheila Glover  x33210 Coal, Pulp & Paper, LNG  Scott Earnest  x31746 Weather     Todd Hall    x31957  DPR      Mike Moscoso  x35242 MPR      David Maxwell  x316983  I will be working in ENA's and MG's Chicago offices on Monday and Tuesday, July 31 and August 1.  Patti has contact numbers for me at both offices. Key contacts in Houston are those listed above, with changes noted for Gas and Power Operations on July 31 and August 1.  I will be back in the Houston office on Wednesday, August 2. 
 I will be in the Chicago office on Monday, July 31.  I will be sorry to miss a lunch at Brennan's!  Enjoy  it without me.  --Sally 
 Brenda,  Per my earlier email, Sally will be out of the office Wed-Fri of this week, so she will be unable to attend.  PT 
 Joya,  I put in on Sally's calendar.  Patti 
 FYI 
 To my surprise, I was chosen today to sit on a jury to hear a felony charge. The judge believes that we can conclude the trial by end of the day on Wednesday or perhaps on Thursday.  I will be back here working after trial hours in the office and checking voice mail messages during breaks in the proceedings.  I will be back full time as soon as my civic duty is fulfilled!  Enron is well presented in the court system over the next few days.  I sat by Mark Koenig in the jury assembly room today, and he too was chosen to serve on another jury. 
 The following persons will be in attendance at 11:30 am in EB50M on July 21st for lunch, in addition to the two of you:  Enron Employees:  Shawn Cumberland - President and COO, CALME (UT BBA; UT JD) Sally Beck - VP, ENA and Global Risk Management Operations (UT BBA; UT MBA) Brent Price - VP, ENA (UT PPA) David Mitchell - Associate (recent grad - UT MBA) Jennifer Martinez - Associate (recent grad - UT MBA) Luis Mena - Analyst (recent UT grad) Catherine Pernot (recent UT grad) Lexi Elliott - Analyst Program - UT Recruiter Christy Young - Associate Program - UT Recruiter   UT Summer Associates: Cantekin Dincerler Steven Luong Michelle Sandner Adam Thomas  UT Summer Analysts: Brenton Baxter Matt Davis Eric Efron Katherine Jett Jiyeon Kim Joanna Li Dana Lipp Amy Mohan Denise Olson Neil Rajan Angelique Woods  Thanks for making the time to attend.  This should be a great opportunity to meet with these UT students as they near the end of their summer internships with Enron. 
 Sounds like fun, and you are definitely planning ahead! 
 FYI - My reply to Peggy 
 I got your message and I have asked Brent to get with me when he is back in the office on Friday ( he has been in New York re: MG since Monday night). Together we will do two things:  (1) devise a foolproof plan to insure an excellent level of service to Calgary starting immediately, and (2) work with Mark Taylor to understand his concerns over the movement of confirmation preparation to Calgary and to eliminate his concerns.  We will keep you posted on both items.  --Sally     Peggy Hedstrom 07/19/2000 12:02 PM 
 How do we get the right focus on support for Calgary?  Mark Taylor wanted to hold up transferring confirm responsibility to Calgary, so we still need to provide excellent service to them.  While I can appreciate that Diane is out, that should actually be a red flag to us to pay even closer attention to the Calgary stuff.  Every screw up looks big to them, and they can't understand how mistakes continue to happen.  While I know that they can't appreciate the vast number of transactions that the group is currently handling, we still need to be able to deliver top notch service.  Unfortunately, we stub our toe enough with Calgary that they view of our operation is one that delivers pretty poor to average service.  That is a terrible internal PR issue.  Let's put our heads together on not just the confirm issue but all of our dealings with Calgary so that we quickly turn around our error rate (and/or their perceptions) and  can sustain excellent service. I am copying Susan because she has dealt recently with an issue brought to our attention by  Rob Milnthorp (president of Enron Canada).  She responded to Rob quickly and handled things professionally, so she may not have shared the details with you at the time.  But now we need to look at all of our outstanding, potential or past issues with Calgary and get a solution in place.  She can fill you in on the details in that situation.  Susan:  Do you have any ideas on how we can reshape our image with Calgary? 
 I have been traveling on business and also have just returned from vacation, so I have not yet seen the proposal that you referenced.  I will hopefully discover it as I go through my inbox in the next few days. 
 Thanks for including me.  Congratulations on Emily.  I know that you and she will be getting used to one another over the next few weeks, and that sleep will definitely be a scarce commodity.  Those first few weeks can be both wonderful and terrible at the same time.  Savor the baby stage as much as you can, and before you know it Emily will be cooing and responding to you in a way that makes all of the sleepless nights just melt away.  Enjoy your new role as mom -- it is a wonderful, life-long experience!  --Sally 
 Please join Sally Beck, Rick Causey, David Haug and all the UT Summer Interns for lunch this Friday, July 21 at 11:30 AM.  Location will be EB 50M Dining Room.  Please RSVP to me by email or phone.  We look forward to seeing you!  Thanks, Patti x39106 Sally Beck's Assistant 
 Confirmation of date & time for UT Summer Analysts & Associates Luncheon:  Date:  Friday, July 21 Time: 11:30 AM Location: EB 50M Dining Room 
 This is my first day back from vacation.  We need to augement e:mail so that requests sent when someone is on vacation can be routed elsewhere if urgent.  This is request is approved.  Why are there so many different formats for granting systems access?  Some have an approval button, some don't.  You requested a return e:mail.  It seems as if each time I look at one of these it is different.  The status button and detail button below contain no information. 
 Flight times are good.  Please insure that my hotel reservation is for a non-smoking room.  Thanks.  --Sally 
 Bobbie,  Sally is on vacation this week, but she can be available for that meeting unless she has to travel to NYC next week.  I will put it on her calendar & will confirm with you as soon as I know more (Monday at the latest).  Thanks, Patti x39106 
 Per Sally's instructions - I am forwarding this document to you.  Patti x39106 
 James,  I didn't see your name on the distribution for this so I'm forwarding it to you.  Patti 
 Today's ENA PRC was a pre-ranking session for VP's.  All VP's will be reviewed at an Enron-wide PRC scheduled for early August.  Representatives at that Enron PRC from ENA will be Janet Dietriech, Dave Delainey, John Lavorato and Greg Piper.  They will use information from today's ENA PRC meeting in representing you at the Enron-wide VP PRC.  I have provided copies of your accomplishments and consolidated supervisor feedback forms to Dave Delainey for reference during that process.  Your reviews will be given after the Enron-wide VP PRC, and will not be completed before the end of July.  I will schedule an August date with you for your review as soon as I know the exact date of the final PRC meeting.  Separately, you both should sign up for the Executive Influence and Impact course that is required of VP's.  I thought that the course was very good. All VP's are strongly encouraged to complete this course.  It is a 2 or 3 day course that is offered every month or two here in Houston.  I would contact Dick Amiable to inquire on how to sign up for this. 
 I will be hosting a cookout at my home for OU summer interns, recently hired OU grads and the OU recruiting team on Sunday, July 30th in the late afternoon.  More details will follow soon, but I wanted to let you know the date so that you can hold this on your calendar.  I will look forward to hopefully seeing all of you there.  And my husband will be glad to be surrounded by many fellow Sooners! 
 Thanks for the update.  I am confident that with leadership from you and attention from Bryce that AEC will be satisfied soon.  --Sally 
 Rob:  Let me know if you get feedback from AEC that does not indicate that they are getting what they need.  Susan and Bryce are both very capable and responsive, so I am confident that AEC's questions can be resolved quickly. --Sally 
 Please join us for an informal lunch on Friday, July 21st in the dining room in EB50M.   Rick Causey, Enron's executive lead for the Analyst Program, and David Haug, Enron's executive lead for the Associates Program, have been invited to join us as well.  We are interested in renewing acquaintances with those of you whom we met on campus and in getting to know those of you whom we did not see in the interview process.  We hope that you are enjoying your summer assignments at Enron and we look forward to the opportunity to visit over lunch.  Please let me know by return e:mail if you will be able to attend the lunch. 
 Today was the final ENA PRC.  Relative ranking results up through the Senior Director level are final.  You and your management team can begin the process of giving performance reviews to your employees.  I spoke with Sheila Walton today to inquire about an expected time frame for completing and conducting the employee reviews.  She indicated that the target completion date should be the end of July.  Promotions will be effective August 1st.  It is Dave Delainey's intent to announce ENA promotions sometime after he returns from vacation on July 24. This drives the end of July target completion date for reviews.   I do not yet know if Delainey wants all ENA promotions to be announced in a single memo, or if each group within ENA will prepare such a memo.  I will keep you updated on this as I get direction from him.  Please note the following change since our Energy Operations PRC in June.  In order to place focus on the qualitative feedback during this mid-year review process, we will not share performance clusters with employees when conducting their reviews.   It is very important for all of us to be consistent in this process, so please communicate this to all in your groups who will be giving performance reviews.  It is important to note, however, that the content of an employee's review should be consistent with our view of that employee's relative ranking.  In other words, an employee in the Satisfactory category should not be given a review that simply states that the employee is doing a great job.   Clearly, a large number of employees performed at a higher level than those employees in the Satisfactory category, so the feedback to that employee should include some specific areas of improvement needed in order for the employee to make a stronger impact in the organization, help you achieve the groups goals, etc.  Also please note the following:  Performance reviews for anyone in the Satisfactory, Needs Improvement or Issues categories must be reviewed by HR prior to these reviews being given to the employees.  This will ensure that our feedback is commensurate with the relative performance of that employee.  (This has been the stated process for the bottom two categories, and we are adding Satisfactory to this process as well.) Please remember to include a more experienced member of your management team, yourself, or an HR professional in reviews being conducted by inexperienced members of your management team, or those management team members where you have a concern over their ability or willingness to deliver candid and perhaps tough performance feedback.  I believe that we have spent some time in identifying these situations.  I ask your help to ensure that we follow through on this commitment.  Thanks for all of your efforts in making this mid-year PRC process a meaningful one.       It is Dave Delainey's intent to announce It if 0 
 Just a reminder for Monday to get this for me.  Too bad they didn't deliver these!  Thanks.  --Sally 
 Is there anything that I can do to help you and Jo?  Tyler has school on Tuesdays and Thursdays, but my nanny is at home with him on the other days. Would it help for her to take Albert?  --Sally     Barry Pearce @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 11/28/2000 05:46 PM 
 Brenda:  I mentioned to Tom that I will be on vacation the week of July 10, so I will not attend the July 12th meeting.  Please remind him of that. Thanks. 
 I heard from Andrew regarding the status of a business continuity plan. Attached is a short presentation that he sent me that I thought you would like to see.  Any interest in meeting with Andrew to get more detail?  I plan to get with him.  Let me know and I will be glad to set something up. 
 Just wanted to let you know where we will be over the next week.  I am still at the office hoping to get away before dinner so that I can head home and pack.  I will call when we are back in Houston on Sunday, July 16.  Mom and Dad, hope that you have fun if you are going on your trip!  Love, Sally  Saturday, July 8, 2000  Holiday Inn - Covington, LA Telephone:  504-893-3580 Confirmation #:  68123379  Sunday - Saturday AM July 9-15, 2000  Beachside II Condominium Unit #4300 Sandestin Resort Destin, FL Telephone:  850-267-4300  Saturday PM , July 15, 2000  Holiday Inn - Lafayette, LA Telephone:  800-942-4868 Confirmation #:  68127270   SALLY'S CELL PHONE: 713-417-1591  DAVID'S CELL PHONE: 713-299-1436 
 Just a reminder about my being on vacation next week.  I also wanted to let you know that I gave your names as contacts while I am out!  --Sally 
 As mentioned, I will be out on vacation next week.  This contact list should be helpful if you need anything while I am out.  --Sally 
 Lunch on August 2nd works well for me.  I have it on the calendar.  I am planning a cook-out at my house on Sunday, July 30th for Enron summer interns from OU and recent hires from OU.  Mike McConnell and his wife plan to join us.  If you are in Houston, I hope that you will be able to join us too. Probably around 5:00 PM -- invitations should go out in the next few days with specifics.  Wanted to get the date on your calendar, however.  Let me know if you will be in town.  --Sally 
 This looks good.  Please send this wherever it should go.  Thanks. 
 Home and cell phone number are correct.  I do not have a pager.  --Sally 
 I will be out of the office on vacation from Monday, July 10 through Friday, July 14.  Patti Thompson, my assistant (x39106), has telephone numbers where I can be reached if needed.  In my absence, please contact the following persons in Houston with questions.  Peggy Hedstrom is the appropriate contact in Calgary.  Natural Gas Operations  Brent Price   x37647 Power Operations   Kristin Albrecht  x34763 Financial Products Operations Sheila Glover  x33210 Coal, Pulp & Paper, LNG  Scott Earnest  x31746 Weather     Todd Hall    x31957  DPR      Mike Moscoso  x35242 MPR      Todd Hall   x31957  I will be back in the office on Monday, July 17. 
 What do these changes do to you?  --Sally 
 FYI 
 Attached are my accomplishments for the first half of 2000.  I should have had these for you on Tuesday for your PRC.  Hopefully, better late than never.  I am not certain how the coporate-wide PRC process will work in late July for VP's.  I have provided a copy of this to Dave Delainey for the ENA PRC which will take place on July 7.  I thought that I would provide you a copy as well.  I will also have Patti deliver a hard copy to Sharron next week. 
 Attached are my accomplishments for the first half of 2000.  I will also ask my assistant to deliver a hard copy to you on Wednesday, July 5.  Let me know if you have any questions or need more information.   Thanks. 
 End of July should be fine.  I am planning to be out July 26, 27 and 28, taking our 16 year-old on a tour of some college campuses before she starts her junior year.  Motivational, I hope!  --Sally 
 Welcome to Enron.  I'm glad that you made the decision to come here. Hopefully, that decision will feel right to you in a very short period of time!  Look for Kristin Albrecht and Leslie Reeves in power on 31.  They know more about our power business than almost anyone on the floor.  They both report to me.  Kristin heads risk management and Leslie leads operations. They can help you on any details about our power business.  My office is on the 30th floor - EB3015.  Stop by if you get the chance.  I will be moving to the 33rd floor during the week of July, actually while I am on vacation.  Have a great long weekend.  --Sally 
 Esther,  Thanks for forwarding documents for Sally.  She is also interested in Chicago - are there Chicago documents you can also forward to her?  Thanks, Patti x39106 
 I am not sure that I have a high-resolution photo.  Since I'm not sure what that is it probably means that I don't have one!  So we probably do need to schedule a photographer.  I will be in the office next week, Wednesday through Friday.  Then I will be on vacation the week of July 10th.  Let me know when the photographer will come, so that I will know what to wear! Thanks, and have a great long weekend.  --Sally 
 Esther,  Sally would like to view these documents now - is this on an "S" drive?  If so, how does she access.  Patti x39106 
 Tangela,  I have listed your assignments for the summer below.  You will need to check with each supervisor when you begin assignment to determine appropriate work hours.  In addition, please review your school schedule with each supervisor.  Week of: Work Area Supervisor Ext. Location June 26 Power Operations Leslies Reeves x37962 EB 3121F July 3 Operational Pricing Model James Scribner x39641 EB 2118A July 10 Operational Pricing Model James Scribner x39641 EB 2118A July 17 Operational Pricing Model James Scribner x39641 EB 2118A July 24 Global Data Mary Solmonson x36079 EB 3750 July 31 Global Data Mary Solmonson x36079 EB 3750  Please note:  Enron will be closed July 3rd & 4th in celebration of 4th of July holiday.  Sally 
 Attached is Bob Superty's summary of the impact on the late noms today.  We do not anticipate any pipeline penalties.  On those pipes where the nom type is "Intraday", there may be some pipeline imbalance created for us to work through.  The logistics staff will have a lot of work to do on Thursday morning to contact customers asking them to renom on the pipes where our noms were late.  Overall, these pipelines worked well with us today. Let me know if you have any questions.  --Sally 
 There are five summer interns and six recent full-time hires from OU that I will invite to the cookout at my house on Sunday, July 30th.  I asked Jody's opinion on whether or not they would like to bring along a guest, and his answer was yes.  So I will invite all to bring a spouse/guest.  I thought that I would also include Lexi Elliott, the recruiter from the Analyst Program that will be covering OU.  Have you decided on the make-up of the recruiting team at OU in the fall?  If so, this might be a good event in which to include them as well.  I left you a voice mail message about James Scribner as a potential good member of the team.  Let me know your thoughts and I can include anyone else that you would like.  I plan to get invitations out to everyone by July 7. 
 Thanks for including me.  Unfortunately, I will be out of town at an offsite meeting with the ENA management team from December 13 - 16.  --Sally 
 Since receiving your e:mail message last Monday on your needs in power, I have spent three (!!!) full days in PRC meetings since then.  I have shared your needs with both Todd Hall and Kristin Albrecht (my power business controller here in Houston) and have gotten their thoughts on how we could be of help.  Sorry that I keep missing your calls.  I will be meeting with Fernley, but I will also try to reach you by phone tomorrow. 
 It is too late in the day in London for me to catch you by phone today.  I will call you tomorrow and would like to throw out an idea regarding an on-going resource for operations in London.  If you are comfortable with my idea, then I can discuss it in person with Fernley while he is here this week.  We have time on the calendar plus dinner this week. 
 Let's book Friday, July 21 for this lunch.  I will work on further details. Thanks, Sharron. 
 Thanks for the input.  It is just in time -- I attend Rick Causey's cross functional PRC for Directors and above tomorrow.  I think that we have lunch coming up on the calendar on July 6.  I look forward to catching up then.  --Sally 
 I would like to invite you as University of Oklahoma summer interns to join me for lunch on Friday, June 30.   I have made reservations for 11:45 am at Nino's on West Dallas.   I hope that you will be able to attend and can meet me in the Enron lobby at 11:30.  We will provide transporation to and from lunch.  Please call me at x35926 as soon as possible to let me know if you can attend.  Mike McConnell, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer of Enron NetWorks, will join us for lunch.  Many of you may have met Mike, a fellow OU grad.  He will serve as the Executive Lead for our continuing recruiting efforts at OU.  Two other Enron employees will join us for lunch.  James Scribner, a Senior Director in ENA Energy Operations, recently joined Enron after seven plus years with a Fortune 500 company in Edmond, Oklahoma.  James will be helping us with our OU recruiting efforts.  Lexi Elliott, a new recruiter with Enron's Associates and Analysts Program, will be coordinating Enron's recruiting efforts in the future at OU. 
 Thanks for the update.  I want to send her some flowers at the house.  Can you let Patti know if she is headed home on Friday?  Thanks.  --Sally 
 FYI - This came as a surprise to me.  Didn't know whether or not you knew about GInger's departure.  --Sally 
 UGH!!  I am happy for you, but know that Enron will be losing as you leave. I am pleased that the opportunity at Reliant is an exciting one for you, and I know that you will do a great job.  It has been fun to work with you, Ginger, and I too will miss that.  Best of luck to you!  --Sally 
 I know that Amanda will enjoy seeing you next week.  Thanks for making some time for her.  Let's definitely schedule a return trip for the two of you with some golf/cart time! 
 Looks as if this date will work for Mike McConnell and his wife, too.  I thought that I might also invite Ted Jacobs if he plans to be in  Houston that weekend.  Do you have an e:mail address for him?  Thanks. 
 Bruce,  Just a reminder, this Wednesday (Dec 13) is the Associate PRC meeting in which Sally will be representing Cheryl Ingstad.  She really needs your input in order to properly represent Cheryl.  Please email information to her ASAP or call Sally with information Tuesday between 9:00 - 9:30 AM (3:00 - 3:30 PM London time).  Thanks for your assistance, Patti x39106 
 I had to report for jury duty today (along with 500 others from Harris County), and to my surprise I was selected to be a juror in a felony case. The case will continue on Wednesday, so our scheduled time for a conference call may not work.  I will try to reach you from my car while I am on my way in for jury duty - probably around 8:30 or 9:00 Houston time. 
 Thanks for the response.  I will look for your list so that I can send out invitations.  --Sally 
 Thanks for your front-end research on this.  It's too bad that the training provider can't be as responsive!  In a trading organization, 2 to 3 months is an eternity.  Sounds as if they are inflexible as well.  Our audience for this training would be risk book adminstrators and traders, so 2 days away from the desk is not very workable either.  After I get over my irritation at timing and inflexibility, I may want to book them for September, although with a much smaller audience than would be desireable if they insist on sticking to their 2 day method of delivery. Could I get an outline of their 2 day course to review in order to make this decision?  Thanks.  --Sally 
 Enjoy the time off!  Just let us know when that week comes who your in charge person will be.  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 Thanks for the offer.  I will take you up on it.  Can you get a list of recent OU grads hired at Enron?  I have the list of summer interns from OU. I thought that I would invite both full time and summer interns to the cookout.  I am looking at Sunday, July 30th as possibly the best date -- probably starting about 5:00 in the afternoon.  How does that date work for you?  I assume that summer interns will still be with us then.  What is your opinion on dates/friends to accompany you?  David will of course be there, and Mike McConnell and his wife will be there if the date works for them.  We can make this work either way.   Do you think that people would prefer to bring someone along, or simply attend solo.  I will take your suggestion on this one.  After you get me the list of OU full timers, I will combine it with the list that I have of summer interns and we can make sure that it looks complete.  Thanks for the help.  --Sally 
 Bob is a good, solid player.  He won't change the world, but he is diligent about getting a prescribed job done.  I personally like Bob a lot, and am very interested in making sure that he is in the right role for him.  His wife has MS in its most severe stages.  He was a manager previously, and we jointly made the decision to reclassify him as a senior specialist in order to reduce the expectations on him in his role at work.  He needs to be able to leave work at a very reasonable hour each day in order to relieve a caregiver who is with his wife while he works.  I made a personnal commitment to him to make sure that his work load would allow a reasonable and predictable end to his work day, and as long as he is in my group I will personally make sure that works for him.  I would hope for him that if he ever considered a change that a new boss would be able to do the same.  Danny contacted me about Bob, more from the standpoint of asking me what impact it would have on gas if he moved.  I suggested that Brent would be better able to address that.  I did tell Danny that the onslaught of EOL transactions has been a challenge for gas confirmations, and I am sure that they are not long on people.  I assume that Danny is following up with Brent.  --Sally     Barry Pearce @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 06/13/2000 03:47 PM 
 I have heard through the grapevine that you produce a weekly status report on the MG aquisition and assimilation.  Would you please include me on that distribution list effective this week?   I believe that it is assumed that Fernley Dyson will have day-to-day responsibility for this business once the aquisition is completed.  However, in my role over Global Risk Management Operations, I find myself fielding questions regarding our assessment of operations and any issues surrounding assimilation.  Brent Price, who reports to me and is on temporary assignment in the London office, has been keeping me updated on progress to date.  His return soon to Houston, however, will create a potential information gap that the weekly status report may help to fill.  Thanks in advance to your attention to this. 
 They all made me laugh out loud.  I am glad that they all were able to get up!  Thanks. 
 I am not close enough to know Bob's exact role within the group to know the impact of the prospect of losing him.  I am forwarding this to Brent to get his assessment of the impact.  I do know that the number of deals that we do currently has skyrocketed with EOL, so I feel sure that the group is stretched right now.  Again, though, Brent would best be able to address this.  As you are probably aware, I personnally made the commitment to Bob several years ago to help in managing his workload so that he is available as needed at home for his wife.  For Bob's sake, I would want to make sure that he is in a situation where that is understood and appreciated.  Thank you for contacting me first before going to Bob.  --Sally 
 Our mid year PRC meeting will be held Monday, June 19, at the Doubletree's Grainger "B" room.   Please plan to be there to start the meeting at 8:00 AM, with a continental breakfast available starting at 7:30.  We will take the time necessary to do a good job, but will also try to be time efficient. Patti has lunch and snacks ordered, so I would hope to be finished sometime in the afternoon.  I am broadening the Energy Operations PRC committee beyond my direct reports to also include all directors in the organization.  I look forward to everyone's participation and will be sending out more information later.  Included below are the attendees for the meeting.    PRC Attendees Energy Operations	HR 	Outside Kristin Albrecht	Sheila Walton	Wes Colwell - Bus