 Rob Benson, East power tradig, Director  I would like 4 tickets for the Houston open, If available please sent to 31st floor, location 3117d. Thank you very much. 
 George,  I'll book a tee time for around 9:00 am. Talk to you later.  Rob 
 Peter,  Tell Hellman if I snowboard like a girl then he skies like my grandmother !!     Rob 
 George  Saturday night sounds great, Darlene is in South Africa for the next 2 weeks so I'm ready. Call me at home 713-588-5176 or at work 713-853-3917. Golf also sound good, another guy from Calgary who now works down here Chris Dorland, I think you've met him before, wants to golf as well. Look forward to seeing you.   Rob 
 got it 
 List of accomplishments for Rob Benson  1. Made a fast and profitable transition from cash cinergy trader to term PJM trader. 2. Current P/L is over $67,000,000, budget for the year was set at $15,000,000. 3. No losing months, worst month was positive $2,700,000. 4. Very high return on VAR, don't have actual numbers ( sorry ). 5. Done two customer load following deals, both have turned out to be very profitable. 6. Exceeded all EOL goals, both number of trades and volume. Each month I'm in the top 3 in east power for number of trades and volume. 7. Have always stayed within my VAR limits 8. I have become the market for all PJM trades, both on and off peak. 9. My P/L has come from intra-day trading as well as an underlying fundamental position in both on and off peak. P/L did not come from just one big move. 10. Have always put on positions based on my fundamental view, even if that view differed from others on the desk. 
 This message was sent automatically by Microsoft Outlook to inform you that you have been designated as a delegate. You can now send messages on my behalf.  You have been given the following permissions on my folders: Calendar:   	Editor (can read, create, and modify items) Tasks:      	Editor (can read, create, and modify items) Inbox:      	Editor (can read, create, and modify items) Contacts:   	Editor (can read, create, and modify items) Notes:      	Editor (can read, create, and modify items) Journal:    	Editor (can read, create, and modify items)  To open folders for which you have permissions, point to Open on the Fi