 Galen's home address is as follows.  Several people had asked for it to send cards.  I am sure he would appreicate the thoughts and prayers.  Home Address 10622 Endicott Lane Houston, TX  77318   Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Just to keep you in the loop.   John, will you verify with Charlie that Rick Kile and Ronnie have the lead on this and that he is not waiting on us for anything.  Thanks. Lynn 
 It was good to get your note.  To answer your question, I had my last (hopefully) surgery last Monday, June 18th.  Everything went well.  I should be back to work on Tuesday, June 26th.  I was surprised I did not get postponed with the flooding down in the Medical Center.  I stayed over one night and I was sure ready to go home the next day.  I really felt for those nurses.  The hospital (Diagnostic Hospital) was full to capacity since they were helping out the Medthodist and Herman hospitals.  Hope all your belongings in storage were OK.  I am so glad ya'll did not have more damage than you did.  I talked to Ricki yesterday and she has people starting to come in and redo the walls in her house this week.  I am so glad you told me about Steve Klimesh's mom.  I had not heard about that. Do you by chance have his address.  I would like to send him a card.  I had lunch with him right before he left and he was really looking forward to spending time with his Mom.  Speaking of parents, how are yours?  Hope they are both doing well.  As soon as Steve gets back we will email you and definitely go to lunch.  Take care of each other.  We sure miss you both.  Lynn 
 Rick, if you have some time on Tuesday, I would like to visit with you about this.  I don't want this move to be any more negative than what it is.  I have a possible game plan I would like to talk with you about and then maybe you and I need to take Larry and Raetta to lunch give them a chance to talk and then let them know our next steps. Glad you are back.  Lynn 
 Kelly, this would not send to the "Outlook Migration team".  So I am sending it to you Ava.  Ava, Please get with Kelly and find out how we send it to the team.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Joe, are you and Gary up to speed on this ElPaso outage on the 26th?  Any concerns on our side?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, can you follow up with the team, Chris and Sue to be sure we are all on the same page on this issue?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  I am sure you are already up to speed.  Glad your back.  See ya on Tuesday.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, thanks for the update.  Please let me know how the session goes.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Randy, thanks for your prompt reply.  Lynn 
 Ava, can you sign me up for the Tuesday, June 26?  If I am not available, could you spend some time with me and train me after my conversion next week?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Randy, what did this mean to shippers nominating on NNG's pipe?  Do they have to change their location or POI number for nomination purposes?  If so, how did we communicate to the shippers.  How does this effect OBA's? Thanks for the update.  Lynn 
 Toby, Terry and I talked about this and I will address it again in next weeks team leader meeting.  Sorry for any inconvenience.  The teams should be aware of the procedure.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sharon, I am doing very well but cannot come back to work until Tuesday.  They will remove all the drain tubes Monday. Thanks for your thoughts and prayers.  I'll see you on Tuesday.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, please be sure this is on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, where are we on training?  Are we OK for end of month billing?  THanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  to keep you in the loop.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Just to keep you in the loop.  This is on the Bushton Measurement arbitration.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I am fine with this schedule.  I am a little concerned about Lynda testing because of Galen being out and the team shortage.  Should we have a back up to Lynda if she cannot get away from the day to day so we do not loose any time on the testing.  Just a thought.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Brian, just wanted to follow up to be sure you had talked with Toby Kuehl and he had answered all your questions.  If you have all your answers, you do not need to respond to this note.  Have a great day.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mary, we would love to have you come.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, have you taken care of this?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, have you taken care of this?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry, can you have the teams getting Ava email addresses on the list this week if Dennis does not already have them in PLE.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Just wanted to be sure everyone had a copy of this letter.  In relation to this letter we had a posting go out on the WEB.  Please be sure everyone on the team has read this notice.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, are you going to be available for this meeting?  I would like to know the outcome of the meeting in relation to any concerns on sending out invoices.    Thanks. Lynn 
 Ricki, I just wanted to follow up, I was told Cynthia and Linda neither one had damage.  Cynthia's mother and sister had flooding and Linda was without electricity for awhile.  If you are hearing something different, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, just to keep you in the loop since I am out next wee.  This is the information we sent to Regulatory (Mary Darveaux) as we finalize info on the Strangers Gas Settlement. Tangie is working closely with Mary and will get her what she needs.  we are also working with Dan Fancler and Debbie Mosley in Finanace.    If you have any questions, please let Tangie or Raetta (who is working with Tangie on this) know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 terry, are these instructions on the Intranet where we have critical and no= n critical procedures?  If not, can we put them out there?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Larry, I want to know if you did not get the response you needed.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Just to keep ya'll in the loop.  This fix should be ready for test on Monday and migrated Monday night for Tuesday's use.  This fix will be very beneficial in minimizing Shipper imbalances on NNG.  Terry and Gerry will work with the teams to be sure everyone is up to speed on the change.  If you have any questions while I am out next week, please check with Terry Kowalke or Mike Bodnar.   Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, let's go ahead with this day and time.  I will cover for John.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Richard, what is the status of this issue?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, since Terry is out this week, can you take the lead to find out status of this report as you are checking to consistency with this report and the automation of the storage report.  Let's discuss on Tuesday.  Thanks. Lynn 
 An update on our change for the Storage Allocation.  Several questions have come up over the weekend.  The weekend crew is documenting the questions.  I have left Mike Bodnar and John Buchanan a phone mail message to research the questions and concerns on Monday.  Then we will group with storage and determine what changes need to be made.  One change we talked about on the Sunday morning call with storage is to be able to use SBS on the non allocated portion of storage.  ie, if we are allocating injections, then withdrawals should still use SBS.  If we are allocating withdrawals, then injections should still have access to SBS.  Mike Bodnar will pursue this enhancement further.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava and John, please let me know if we are not going to have this info by Tuesday.  THanks. Lynn 
 John, can you follow up on the new delivery point for Wisconsin Gas.  Is there a better procedure with contracts/PLE to ensure we have all new points set up properly for operator confirmation.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, very valid concern.  Do we need to re-look at our procedure?	  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  To keep you guys in the loop.  As we get additional info, I will pass it on. Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Just to keep you guys in the loop.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jean, Glen is still working on my computer.  He should have it done today.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, go ahead and take off as long as you have all your move ready to go.  Be sure to have someone covering your desk.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Audrey, its on my calendar.  I am looking forward to the event.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Britt, looks good to me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Britt, to answer #5, Kim Hardman and/or Delaine Kurth may be added to the cc on the letter.  The reason I mention Delaine is Jerry Knight (who works for Delaine) is the person that has been calling Robert Benningfield asking for the status of the 12 - 16 adjustment.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ranelle, John and Michelle,  thought I would send this statement to you and see if this helps simplify our answer to your question.  The question is:  How is MDQ used in the nomination system to ensure we do not double up on MDQ volumes when we have split paths (i.e. nom on same contract from (1) Mid 15 to Bushton Inlet and from (2) Bushton Outlet to Demac)  For Nominating purposes:  MDQ of contract = Primary Firm + Alternate Firm up to the MDQ. Anything over the MDQ will be Overrun and charged at the IT rate.  Point MDQ needs to be considered when allocating a receipt point.  EXAMPLE:  If the Field MDQ is 10,000, then we will  (1) total the reciepts nominated on the contract; (2) compare the total nominated to the Contract MDQ.  Then the shipper will get firm (primary and alternate) up to their contract MDQ.  Anything over will be overrun at IT rate.  If anyone has any other questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Steve and Audrey, thank you so much for the invitation, but I will be at the NNG Customer meeting in Kansas City otherwise I would plan on attending. Have a great time.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Is the volume at the inlet and outlet of Bushton factored into any MDQ total?  Gerry if you are not the person to help us on this, please let me know who.  Also in talking with Mary Darveaux she said if you use the same contract at the inlet and outlet of Bushton, you DO double your MDQ.  Therefore, if you have 10,000 MDQ you can only nominate 5,000 to inlet and 5,000 at outlet.  Gerry, can we run a quick report to see if there are any contracts that are identical on the inlet and outlet of Bushton?   If she is right, then we have NOT had anyone nominate on the same contract.  If I have confused you, let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Richard, can you check this out for me.  Did the team drop the ball on this one? Thanks. Lynn 
 We need to discuss ASAP this morning.  Legale, would you be available at 8:30?  We can meet in my office.  Gerry, sounds like Legale is who we were looking for.  You are welcome to set in, but not necessary.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Are you guys up to speed on this?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Robert, is there to be a written resolution plan as you come to agreement?  Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, things were quite on NNG and TW overall for the weekend.  For all three pipes the reps had to go through RAZ to get into TMS on Saturday morning. Although, the customers were able to get in OK, but the system was slow.  System was fixed by 11:30 a.m. Saturday morning.  On TW - For Gallop Darrell has sent you an update.  Overall for TW the prices for the east are not covering variables to go west, therefore most of the gas is staying in the east market.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Bob, can you resend this to me.  I cannot open the file.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, Ava is gone until tomorrow afternoon.  See if Sharon or Alma can help out.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Vernon, October 4th works for me.  John I think you are gone, so we need to involve Terry in this.  I am very open Thursday or Friday for a pre meeting.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Please put on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, please code them as personal time with pay.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, I was working 1 - 15th.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Team, I realize this rate change is done in Marketing.  But, you have a responsibility to review the invoice to ensure that the adjustment to the price has been made if there is alternate deliveries.  Let's be proactive to ensure we have accurate billing. If you have any questions, please let me know. 
 Raetta and Robert, let's talk about some kind of closure on these resolutions. Can we talk tomorrow at 1:30 in my office?  Thanks. Lynn 
 It's on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, please update my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Due to all the moves this week, we are canceling the staff meeting this afternoon.  We will have a regular meeting next week.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta can not meeting today.  How about Thursday at 1:30.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Tim, I would like for us to discuss this issue. Normally we do not "settle" on these type of issues.  I want to be consistent with how we have treated other shippers when we have found errors in the system.  Doesn't mean we can't do a settlement,  we just don't want it to back fire on us.  Ava, please set up some time on Thursday for Tim, Mike, Bob, Sue and I to visit.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, would you please check with Joe on the problems with lights and air conditioning per the attached memo.  Do we need to call security for anything?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Gina, let's do lunch and I'll answer all your questions.  Are you available Wed. or Thursday?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Randy, thanks for the update.  Please keep us posted.  If I need to make a phone call, let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Coffee on Thursday sounds great.  Just give me a call.  Have a great day with your Mom.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Britt, I scheduled a meeting per Drew's request with my team that deals with the Bushton area.  Drew is going to review with them how we need to be careful about using the term "PTR calculation" for measurement error adjustments.  We thought it would be good for you to attend as well.  I want the team to understand how important it is that they are communicating accurately when talking about Bushton issues.  Hopefully you can attend.  Although I think the meeting may be scheduled to 10:00 a.m. instead of 9:30.  Hopefully that works for you.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, we look into this for another party at one time?  Do you recall what all would be necessary to accomodate this request?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava has willingly taken on this task.  So she will be the point person going forward.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Good job in getting this done.  How are we coming with the other operators?  With us moving forward for Shirley to work from home, emails will be much better than faxes.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Gary, thank you for your help. I guess Ricki was having quite a time.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Gerry, do you have some time tomorrow, Thursday, that you, Terry, John and I can set down and review what you have a put a "blurb" together to send to the customers. I am open 10:00 to 11:00 or anytime after 2:00.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Amy, we still have Julia White on the attached form.  Can you work with Terry to remove Julia's name and add Shelley's?  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, I talked with Donna and got back with Bob Burleson.  Let's see what his answer is and then I may have you and Donna work on this one.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Nancy, good job.  Keep up the good work.  See if you can get the rest of your team to follow suit with their interconnects.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  John I think you are gone.  But Terry, thought you might be interested. I am planning on attending.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Since Robert is working evenings, who has the lead to get the daily Oneok reports out?  Thanks. Lynn 
 terry, I am not sure understand the discrepancies on numbers in teh #4 file.  Let's discuss. Thanks. Lynn 
 Looks good to me.  Are we going to put this letter in the reservation invoice packet?  Also, would we want to post the letter anywhere on the web?  Just a thought?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Scott, I appreicate your feedback and closure on these items.  It helps us to build that confidence that the systems are working correctly instead of being left in "limbo" and coming up with your own conclusions.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta, this is what prompted my questions about finalizing resolution.  Thanks Lynn 
 John is out of the office until Wednesday.  He sent me this list of topics he caught in the second break out session.  Thought I would go ahead and pass them on to you.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Attached is our first pass at some questions and answers to post to the WEB based on discussions at the NNG Winter Ops Meeting.  Please review and let me know if you feel there needs to be more "in depth" answers to these questions.    Or are there additional questions that you feel need to be added. 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn  > 
 Ava, FYI.  Has Alma been working with you on this?  Thanks. Lynn 
  Virgil, I wanted to say "Thank You" for your time and effort given to our new employees as they toured your facilities in Vidor on Tuesday, September 25.  I know it was the first time most of them had been to a compressor station and they found it very interesting.  This was one step in our efforts to help them match the Physical world (Operations) with the Paper world (Nominations, invoices, etc).  Please pass on my "Thanks" to the others that contributed to this educational process.  Lynn Blair 
 John and Terry, where are we on this budget.  I want to be sure there are not issues coming up while John is on vacation !!!!  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, FYI.  Drew, Britt and I are meeting with the So. Central Team on Monday, October 1, at 10:00 a.m. for 30 minutes.  It is not the best time for everyone, but it was the best way to get the most people and get the meeting ASAP.  We will leave a person on the team to cover phones, plus the North end team is going to help watch the phone for that 30 minutes.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09Sharon, are they going to move the frig to 42?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sounds good to me.  It leaves us some flexibility.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta, thank you for taking care of this.  I really appreciate your pro active involvement with the new hires as well as helping Ava out.  Thanks again.  Lynn 
 Brad, just some comments.  At the end do we want to say Customer Services Rep instead of Market Service Rep.  and should we put the Hottap help desk phone number in that particular Hottap help desk bullitt. Just a thought.  Otherwise looks great.   Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thought you would be interested since most of you have worked with Robert over the years with the NBPL interconnects.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Attached is an updated list of questions after everyone's input.  I would like to discuss the changes with you after Shelley's staff meeting.  Appreciate everyone's input.     Thanks. Lynn 
 Richard, are you Elizabeth's back up on this?  I want to be sure all the reps have reviewed the capacity release info.  Please work with Terry to be sure we have covered all the bases.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thought you would like to see this. Thanks. Lynn 
 Vernon, looks good to me with Steve Kirk's small fix on last paragraph.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Larry and Raetta, do we need to communicate this to the teams?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Toby, what is the status of this issue?  Thanks. Lynn 
  Robert, was there a problem getting the weekend notes out last night?  Shelley pulls the recap for each pipe by 7:30 a.m. for Stan's staff meeting on Mondays.  I just need to make sure everyone understands the urgency (especially on Mondays) to have the updates sent Sunday night.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sounds like a plan to me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Thought you guys would be interested in Phil's comments.  Steve, I think you need to be in this meeting.  Anyone else want to attend?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, FYI.  I didn't know if you would be able to make this meeting.  Terry is coming until 2:30 then he will attend Steve Harris' meeting.  If you need to stay on the floor, that is no problem.  I will update you.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, thanks for the keys.  I appreciate you staying on top of this.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, this is the letter from Winston that you were looking for.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Kim, I would like to buy one of the cards.  Please let me know what Ineed to do to purchase one. Thanks. Lynn 
 John, let's discuss when you get back Wednesay.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Attached is a draft of a letter we are sending to our customers as discussed at the Winter Ops Meeting in September.  Also, we have attached a "Frequently Asked Questions" (FAQ) document that will go out with the letter and will be posted to the WEB.   We will monitor the WEB site and update the questions periodically.  Please review the letter and FAQ and let me know of any changes or comments by tomorrow evening, Tuesday, 5:00 p.m.  Our goal is to get these documents to the customers by Wednesday, October 3rd.  We appreciate your input in this process.  Do not hesitate to call if you have questions. (Ext. 3-7637)      Thanks. Lynn 
  Kathy, just wanted to be sure we had the coverage on the team for October while you are testing?  Do we need to address any concerns?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Steve, I am going to let you answer this one.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Carolyn, I have received my new card and destroyed my old card.  Thanks. Lynn Blair 
 Ava, FYI.  Sounds like I may be able to stay at the Sheraton on Monday.  Can you check this out.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Todd, thank you for the info.  I wanted to pass on to you that Sheila Nacey is not going to be able to attend.  Could you please replace her name on the Sunday activity with Theresa Hess.  Thanks.  Again, I look forward to seeing everyon on the 21.  Lynn 
 Terry, can you send Ranelle July.  Ranelle, Terry is working on October and should have that ready tomorrow.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ricki FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Teams, it is very important that you attend these meetings before you work the weekend.  This will give us an opportunity to ensure everyone has the same understanding of EDI procedures.  Mary and Jim, please keep a signed list of who attends training so we can add this to our Training list for 2001.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Richard, can you check with marketing to see if they have put the right rate in the system and then coordinate with Bert when he gets back tomorrow. Thanks for your help.  Lynn 
  On September 24, 2001, Alice gave each of you a list of your outstanding accounts receivable back to January, 1998.  In meeting with Alice today, I understand, we have NOT cleaned up very many of these issues.  Alice will be getting with each one of you AGAIN to review your accounts.  My expectation is that there has been some clean up activity before Performance Reviews at which time I will ask Alice for an update.  Alice, Raetta and Larry are all available as needed to help you in this effort.  All clean up should be completed by December 31, 2001. 
 Tracy, keep up the good work.  We appreciate you staying on top of Burlington's business.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, I am assuming we are sending flowers?  You may want to check with Sherry to see if we want to wait until Kathy gets home or send to hospital.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Ava, please get Jo and I some dates for giving the Marketers a "Brown Bag" training session on Nomination, Confirmation and Scheduling process. I would like to use the video Room on 42 in Houston and 6th floor in Omaha.  I would like to look at the week of October 15th.  The session could be a brown bag from 11:30 to 1:00.  John Buchanan and I can give the presentation since Terry will be out that week.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, please update my calendar with the room number changes.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.   Thanks. Lynn 
  Donna, attached is a first pass draft of a letter for Shelley to send out to the teams about her up coming staff meeting.  I would appreciate your input.  You are much better at this than I am.  I tend to be to blunt sometimes.     Let me know your thoughts.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Robert, we have decided to send Donna Scott and a person out of Brad's group to attend this training.  Then they will come back and do the training with each of us.  This will help minimize costs and yet give us the opportunity for everyone to benefit from the information.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry, can you follow up with the Wizard problem on TW.  Thanks. LYnn 
 Alma, hopefully, I am not too late.  If so, just let me know who has copies and I can borrow theirs.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry, please plan on attending next Wednesday's meeting for the demonstration on the handheld devices.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I would like to recap my understanding and the "To Do's" from the meeting yesterday.  1.  After November 1, Measurement would NO longer adjust any TBS physical volumes unless there was a PPA directly influencing said TBS.  2.  Measurement would check  to see if they had a deduct meter they were using in the end user process. (Since the meeting we have discovered that the deduct meter IS in GVA, therefore no checking needs to be done).  3.  Gas Logistics would check with IT on possible enhancement (if necessary) for negative volumes to the TBS.  (We have talked with IT and this would be a major enhancement and have to be done with the new system).  4.  Procedures need to be documented to handle negative numbers created by the LDC giving measurement an end user actual volume greater than the TBS connected to NNG.  5.  Measurement and Gas Logistics agreed that all measured volumes including End User point volumes would be "housed' in PGAS.  After further discussions in Gas Logistics, our recommendation is that neither Measurement or Gas Logistics accomodate a negative number.  If the LDC gives measurement an end user volume greater than the TBS the following should happen:  1.  Measurement should either:  a.  Call the LDC and let them know they cannot accept a volume at an end user point higher than their TBS.  b.  Or Measurement can call Jodie Floyd on the Gas Logistics Measurement Desk and Jodie will call LDC with the same info.  2.  If Measurement does not get an answer before measurement close, then measurement will use the number equal to the TBS for the end user point.  Gary and Ellis, you may want to have more discussions on this topic.  I would be glad to regroup if you want. I have put a call into Marketing to talk to them about our concerns on this issue.  Also Raetta and Jodie are going to go ahead and call Wisconsin Gas and get their explanation of why an end user point would be greater than the TBS.  Hopefully it is just a measurement error.  We will let you know the outcome.  If there is something I missed, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Joni, we will see if there is enough interest in doing a make-up session, we will certainly be glad to.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Deb, yes I need to know who is attending and how many.  I will ensure we get you the handouts for Omaha ahead of time.  I will also send them to Minneapolis if there are any Marketers attending there as well.  Thanks for your help.  Lynn 
 Ava, schedule time for you, Terry and I to meet next week and talk about the training and get the handouts ready.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09Ava, please update my email lists.  Thanks. Lynn 
 We have reviewed the assignments Jean sent out earlier in the week.  At this time I think the split is OK.  I would like for you to put in writing for me the following:  Who is your back up on critical reports, etc when you are out. I would like for that back up to be someone that was NOT on your original team.  This may help us address the issue of the two "old" teams merging.  For example I am assuming if one rep has the shipper business and another rep has the operator business for the same company, then those two reps should back each other's desk.  Randy Janzen is backing up Jean Adams desk on Lamar Power Plant since he has AEP which is shipper that does business at the Lamar Plant.  Scott and Kathy support each other's desk since Kathy has ElPaso as a Shipper and Scott has ElPaso as Operator.  Harry and Joe support each other on Oneok since Harry has Bushton and Joe has the gathering  The areas of concern in relation to day to day business are below and need specific back up reps.  GPM Monthly Pricing Report Lamar Power Plant True Ups PVR Report Oneok Gathering Reporting NNG Administrative Contracts SPS Power Plant True Up Conoco Power Plant True Up MOPS Daily Report  The HIgh profile shippers/Operators that need specific back ups are as follows:  Duke/GPM Oneok Transcanada Dynegy Reliant ElPaso West Texas Gas  If there is any confusion with the email, please do not hesitate to call Terry or myself.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Randy, did we have problems this weekend?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Frank, since this never happened, are we going to meet with Mark Woofter to resolve this issue? Do Steve and I need to come up and sit down with you and Mark and come to a resolution that works for everyone?  Just let us know how you would like to handle.  Thanks for all your help. Lynn 
 Maggie, Terry and Hasan, I would like to meet with you and Sheila to review both reports before we turn anything off. How about 1:00 Tuesday, October 9th in my office or Sheila's office?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, on NNG and TW, things were quiet.  The SoCal/West of Thoreau spreadsheet is on your desk.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sheila, FYI.  I guess she did get a ticket for $153.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, I was in the office for October 1 - 15th.   Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry, Maggie and Sheila, if you get comfortable with the direction these emails are going, then we do NOT need to meet.  Let me know if you feel like we need to group together to finalize this issue and be sure we are on the same page.  Otherwise, I would ask that Maggie or Hasan do a final results email and let us know what the outcome is.  Thanks for everyone's help on getting this issue behind us. Lynn 
 Shelley, here are the four PAA's for the people who tested the flowing gas. This does not include Larry or Legale.  Brad, Rick and I are discussing how to handle these two.  The attached PAA's are for Kathy Sturr, Diana Porter, Renee Perry and Jean Adams.  If you have any questions, please let me know.   Thanks. Lynn 
 =09The attached was sent to all the attendees at the NNG Winter Ops Meeting= .  Thought =09you might be interested in reviewing the summary.  If you have any quest= ions, please =09let me know.  Thanks. Lynn (Ext. 3-7637) 
 Lisa, I will not be able to walk, but put me down for $25.00 for you.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Thought I would send this to you to approve.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sheila, good to hear from you.  The meeting went very well. although I was very nervous about this one. Good response from the customers.  We had approximately 80 customers at the meeting.  I think that is a record.  Call me when you feel like it and I tell you more.  Hope you are feeling well.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Todd, I'll be glad to lead the discussion.  Is this informal or do I have to have a formal presentation?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Large.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Todd, sounds good to me.  Iike that better than a formal presentation.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Alma, please include Terry Kowalke and Darrell Schoolcraft.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jennifer, how long has this been a problem?  Is there a concern we have caused customers problems in nominating due to bad information?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Thanks Gerry.  I did not pick up on that.  Lynn 
 Richard, did this get properly taken care of?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Todd, that will be perfect.  I think we will have a very good discussion.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, we have established Monday afternoon after Steve Harris' staff meeting to meet and discuss:  1.  TW Shipper Imbalance Status  2.  OBA termination/Resolution  We will stay in the conference room on 13.  Just wanted to let you know this is replacing our Tuesday morning meeting which was not working well since everyone moved.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry, please review and let me know if this sounds OK.  Thanks. Lynn   We met with SoCal today to discuss the changes SoCal is making for November 1.  Here is a high level recap in relation to impacts on TW:  1.  SoCal will NOT set the capacity at needles lower than 750 unless they have operational problems. And they will maintain 750 for a gas day (during all cycles).  (Good news for TW)  2.  SoCal may set a capacity higher than 750.  If they do, they will maintain that capacity for a gas day (during all cycles), unless there are specific operational problems. (Good news for TW)  4.  SoCal will have the option to call OFO's at the beginning of each cycle for the gas day.  Today they only call an OFO before the gas day begins. Starting Nov. 1, they can call an OFO anytime before a GISB cycle, including Intraday 1 and Intraday 2 which are cycles in the gas day. (This will be a major impact to SoCal's customers)  5.  SoCal says the "windowing" is gone.  But, they are still giving us a capacity and TW will continue to do the allocation if nominations exceed their capacity.  6.  SoCal can still reduce the scheduled volumes after an allocation.  This would be due to SoCal's market not burning their schedule.  At that time SoCal will confirm down to the market burn.  Overall, our process does not change. If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Charlie, let me try calling Delaine in the morning and ask her who is next in the chain of command I should visit with on this issue.  Let's see what kind of a response I get.  If that does not work, then Mike or Shelley may need to call.  I will let you know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 We met with SoCal today to discuss the changes SoCal is making for November 1.  Here is a high level recap in relation to impacts on TW:  1.  SoCal will NOT set the capacity at needles lower than 750 unless they have operational problems. And they will maintain 750 for a gas day (during all cycles).  (Good news for TW)  2.  SoCal may set a capacity higher than 750.  If they do, they will maintain that capacity for a gas day (during all cycles), unless there are specific operational problems. (Good news for TW)  4.  SoCal will have the option to call OFO's at the beginning of each cycle for the gas day, which could cause a confirmation reduction.  Today they only call an OFO before the gas day begins.   Starting Nov. 1, they can call an OFO anytime before a GISB cycle, including Intraday 1 and Intraday 2 which are cycles in the gas day. (This will be a major impact to SoCal's customers)  5.  SoCal says the "windowing" is gone.  But, they are still giving us a capacity and TW will continue to do the allocation if nominations exceed their capacity.  6.  SoCal can still reduce the scheduled volumes after an allocation.  This would be due to SoCal's market not burning their schedule.  At that time SoCal will confirm down to the market burn.  Overall, our process does not change. If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Todd, I am planning on attending.  Thanks. Lynn Blair 
 Tracy, thanks for staying on top of this.  It is my understanding the $6500 is for old Shipper imbalances and cleans up all of Dynegy.  Thanks Lynn 
 Ricki, the imbalance meeting will be at 3:30 on Mondays in 1336.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Yes, I am available.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, I am available to meet through lunch.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sheila, I have you on my calendar for 9:00 Friday.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Penny and Michelle, I met with Larry Berger, Terry Kowalke and Raetta Zadow this morning to review yesterday's meeting on the concerns for DDVC's at "small customer delivery points" on the southend of NNG's system. Through our discussions, here are a few ideas including some of yesterday's discussion.  These ideas may be somewhat out of the norm, but we thought we would at least  throw them on the table.  1.  If Oneok cannot supply these deliveries, then Oneok should agree with us to lift the requirement that the supply has to be upstream of the delivery in the Bushton Universe.  It can still be required in the "Bushton Universe", just not as restrictive as it is today.  2.  If Oneok cannot supply these deliveries, then Oneok should allow us to do storage true ups at 8:00 a.m. at the end of the gas day to eliminate DDVC.  3.  If these deliveries are on Firm contracts, can we sell them SMS to cover these small volumes even though they are in the field area?  4.  Richfield Storage point - (I am not sure it is even active)  -  Could we get Oneok to agree to allow true ups if we are supplying the true up with gas coming from the Richfield storage point? I am sure this alternative would need to include the storage group.  We would be glad to participate in any future discussions.  Thanks. Lynn 
  We rely on the information from the Process Responsibility meeting to post weekend coverage to the WEB.  The coverage is posted by Tuesday morning on the WEB, which is a commitment we have made to our customers.  Please ensure you do NOT change any coverage after the Process meeting. You should have the right information going into Monday's meeting.  It does not look good to continually repost this information.  If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, did you get my message about possibly going to LA?  Looks like I am going unless cost is ridiculous.  Attached is the hotel I would stay in for Wed. night and possibly Thursday night, depending on what you find out with flights. Let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Attached is the supplemental PAA form that needs to be filled out with the form Shelley sent.    Thanks. Lynn 
  Terry and John, is there a master list that we all use for the phoneburst we send out?  If so, who keeps it updated?  Thanks. Lynn 
  Michelle said the Third Party Storage Tariff sheet is #304.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, the other question Michelle had, "Does NNG Contracts have a written procedure for approval of this type of contract?  Please check with Linda Trevino.  We are to meet with Michelle at 10:30 Friday morning.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, do you keep track of the Phoneburst list?  Let's discuss in the morning.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry and Richard, let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, have you been keeping track of  the people responding to the invitation? Thanks. Lynn 
 I think there intent was to be very general.  You have the right sheet.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jodie, when you have time let's discuss.  Overall I am OK with plan, but had a question about who was monitoring imbalances.  Sounds like Marketing is instead of Gas Logistics?  Thanks. Lynn 
 So is there nothing for us to do?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, FYI.  Thought you might want for Monday's staff meeting  Donna, you may want to incorporate some of this in the weekly bullets.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta, are all our questions answered?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Richard, I'll bring you both checks tonight when I get home. Thanks for the reminder.  Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, please schedule a meeting with all of the above people.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Courtney, Randy Janzen is out of the office until Tuesday.  Can we have him do this on Tuesday or do I need to have someone else run the spreadsheet?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Mary and Steve, here is a high level recap of the presentation I am giving Marketing on Tuesday.  I would appreciate any thoughts or concerns you may have.     Maybe we can discuss at the 1:30 meeting Monday.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, wanted to pass this on to you.  Mike and I just talked about this and we are going to work with Richard and Reyna to be sure this cannot happen in the future.  (One of those surprises we were talking about earlier today).  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, fyi for scheduling this meeting.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Just to keep you both in thel oop on some Oneok issues.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Larry and Raetta, please work with Randy to ensure we get the anaylsis done and that we are all comfortable with the results.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John and Terry, I want you two in on this discussion.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava and Deb, can you print colored copies of this chart for the Tuesday meeting? I wanted to go ahead and send this since it may take you awhile to print.  The rest of the presentation will be coming on Monday.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Ava, we need to meet first thing Monday to see where you are on the Agenda for Tuesday's meeting plus I need this presentation in power point Mondy morning as well.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, please coordinate with Alma a time Rick, Larry and I can talk about the flowing gas documents no accessible to customers.  Thanks. Lynn 
  On NNG and TW we had a quiet weekend.  Sunday's Gas Day  - Drafted 60,000 mmcf/d  Monday - No draft  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, one more comment:  Pinnacle Terry is the only point shutin due to the ElPaso nitrogen issue.  John, Penny and Darrell are monitoring the situation.  John and Penny are working with legal and regulatory on a letter to be posted to the WEB.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Steve, there are no changes from last heating season.  We are just trying to refresh everyone's memor as to the current procedures.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
   Jo,  At Pinnacle Terry  there is only one shipper - Tristar Gas Marketing for 800 dth  At Elpaso Keystone as of today Reliant is the only shipper for 14,000 dth.  Is that the info you are looking for?  Thanks. Lynn 
 [Blair, Lynn]  	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Steve and Mary, here is our first pass at information on the branchline curtailment for the marketing meeting tomorrow.  We can use this for our discussion at 1:30.  Mary, we will call your office at 1:30.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I want to get together and discuss this before we call Dari or Rita. Ava, please set up a time on Wednesday or Thursday.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sorry, here is the attachment.  Ignore previous email.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Ava, please add the following as the second bullet   OFO/PRIMARY FIRM REQUIREMENTS  Can NNG call shippers back to primary firm receipt points? 
  Steve and Mary, here is a seperate Agenda item for us to discuss at 1:30.  Thanks. Lynn  OFO/PRIMARY FIRM REQUIREMENTS  Can NNG call shippers back to primary firm receipt points?   Answer:  Carlton is the only authorized OFO point NNG has on their system which we have done with the 250 at Carlton  We do not have this authority at all other points 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, are you going to wait for input before sending this to Michelle?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta, did you ever get a response on this?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Have you heard any rumbles about Sheila's note?  Please let her know if you have.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jean, I would like to order the BlackBerry.  My ID No. is 10028029.  Thanks. Lynn 
 test 
  Hope this gets to you.  Look forward to seeing you this evening.  Lynn 
  I talked with Mary Darveaux and there are some possible billing changes  coming that we need to discuss in the morning.  1.  There may be a 10 day lag on pricing 2.  The MPS imbalance volume will be taken out of the tiering denominator calculation. (as well as fuel) 3.  We need to run a report to see how oftern (if at all) we have had imbalances on MPS contracts.  Do you have any time Wed. morning?  What about 9:00 a.m. in my office?  If that doesn't work we can look at tomorrow afternoon.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Well, I wonder if you got my first message?  Here is the second one as  you requested.  Hope your day is going well.  See ya tonight.  Lynn 
 I am fine with your explanation as well.  Is anyone complaining about only one person being able to view the info?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Bob, I will be out of the office on Monday, Oct. 22nd., but Donna and John can work with Williams and the team to meet on MOPS scheduling.  I would like for you to meet with Donna and John before the 22nd to be sure we are comfortable with what information to pass back and forth.  John, would you take the lead working with Donna and Bob to cover the meeting on Monday.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Hey, I got your message and you can flirt with me any time.  Lynn 
 Tom, we would be glad to do a timeline review.  I will be out of town until next Wednesday.  John, would you please give Tom a call and work with Ava to set up a time for us to review. Tom, did a "brown bag" session work for you guys from 11:30 to 1:00?  If so, we can go that route again.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sounds like we are getting quite a bit more feed back.  We better re-group first thing in the morning.  Is everyone available at 8:30?  Thanks. Lynn 
 I think it would be very prudent to put something on the WEB.  We talked about this at the Winter Ops meeting and it would be good to have another reminder.  John, would you work with Michelle and Bill to get a posting on the WEB since I will be out of town.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta and Larry, is there anything special we can do now to make January's re-bill easier? Thanks. Lynn 
  Test - Looking forward to seeing you tonight.  Lynn 
  Here is your second email.  See ya tonight!!  Lynn 
 We can make the meeting Thursday afternoon if that is better for you guys.  It will be short because there is not a whole lot to discuss.   Rick, FYI, Shelley postponed her meeting until 10:00 in the morning so she could listen in on FERC meeting.  Possible means they do not have a final ruling as to what direction we are going, but she wanted to give us a "heads up" from a system perspective.  Hopefully that helps.  See ya'll in the morning.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Donna, here is one we did for Raetta.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Here are two we did for Harry and Tangie.  Thanks. Lynn 
  How difficult would it be to add the volume to the summary report we do today?  Sheila and I met with Shelley and reviewed our process.  She felt very good about the process but would like to see the volumes impacted by the adjustments not just dollars.  We can discuss when I get back next week.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Ava ran me a list of the people on the phone broadcast.  Sheila, your name is on the list. Are you getting phone messages?  She also cleaned up some old names on the list and added the new people.  Who do you guys think would be the best person to have responsibility for updates on this list?  Should we make it Ava and Alma with them backing each other up?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Here is a first pass at the customer letter.  Probably needs some work on more detail.    Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, please put me on the list. Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Yes, I am playing.  Would you have John send me a message? Thanks. Lynn  This is fun!!!! -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 John, thanks for the update.  Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 FYI.  Terry why don't you call Delaine and follow up that this has been taken care of.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jan, sorry for the inconvenience We in the process of making A change.  We will keep you Posted.  Thanks. Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  Just cchecking out my new Toy  Have a great day!!!!  Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 John please get with vernon and greg and see what we can do.  Thanks Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Thursdaay works better for me I would be glad to partcipat Any time thursday Thanks Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I agree.  Thanks, Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 This is the neatest toy I have Had.  Much better than carrying a laptop. Thanks for yours and donna efforts to get this before I left.  Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Fyi. Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Fyi.  Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 How about tomorrow, Wednesday, September 12, at 1:30 or 2:30?  Diana, Terry and John can meet me in my office and we can call Rita and Bob.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Fyi.  Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I would love to attend but I am out of town.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, I just found out this message did not go.  I am trying again.  Thanks Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Ava please print attachment and give to steve to bring to omaha for me.  Thanks. Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Sheila please talk to avashe had your name on the list she pulled so I am confused.  Thanks lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Jane what about this Tqhursday for lunch?  Are you available? Thanks lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Yes I am Coming twice.  I'llsee you thursday Oct 25. Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 John here is a note from Jane about some things Marketiing wants to talk about at our mtg.  Thanks Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Gary, I would be glad to do A prensentation for your group. I am out of town until Fri. I'llcall you to set up a time. Thanks Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 John, if the meeting is Monday I have jury duty.  What did you and Ava decide to do?  I'll call you in the morning.  Thanks Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John this message concens me. Did you talk to Ava this Morninv?  I'll call you in the morning. Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Ava, do we need to worry about this?  Thanks Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 John, can you give Konni a call. Thanks Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Terry, Christine is fine with m. Let"s discuss in the morning. Thanks, Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Fyi.  Thanks.  Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Ava, Regular time for me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, that is fine.  Just have some one backing you up and put a note to all the teams.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, did any one ever answer Reyna?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, do we need to respond to this?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, would you please print these off for me on a colored printer.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Gary, would one of the following dates and times work for you and your group?  November 1 - in the afternoon November 13 - in the morning November 14 - in the afternoon  Please give me a call and let me know if any of these work.  I am assuming you planning on 1 hour?  Is that right?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Randy, do we still need to meet?  If so work with Ava on a time and date.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  For meeting at 3:00.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I am on jury duty Oct. 29th.  Please be sure you are working with Ava to check my calendar before scheduling a meeting.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry, would you please check with all the teams to day to ensure they have talked with their customers about the scheduled quantities reports. Thanks. Lynn 
 Karen, no problem.  I just want to be sure we are all learning and it sounds like you had some challenges which gave you some added training.  Hang in there.  The 8:00 a.m. Final does get easier as you do the process over and over.  Thanks for the update. Lynn 
 FYI. Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Nov 14 workS for me.  Ava please put on my calendar.  Gary I will call you when I get back in the office.  Thanks Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I am very interested in how they are going to "fix Saturday" on Tuesday.  We cannot go back in and adjust noms or scheduled volumes. Please let me know the results of thier adjustments.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Steve 
 FYI.  These are Ava's duties as we defined last year.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Please ensure the billing is done to reflect the balancing days we called.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, FYI.  Just to let you know our practice.  John and/or Terry issue procedures in the attached format for any new service NNG or TW provides.  They also meet with the teams to review the procedures and make sure all parties are up to speed.  If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ray, Teb is right..  Beginning with June billing for May production, we are billing FTS-2 reservation invoices on June 1 instead of May 31.  At some point in time we may move back to the last day of the month.  This would be after we have (1) automated the manual process or (2) managed to speed up the manual process to effectively capture the scheduled volumes for the last day of the month.  Hope I have not confused the issue for you. If you have any other questions, please let me know Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, here is the correct spelling of the two names we talked about today in= the team leader meeting.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Tammy, let's go forward with this training.  Is there anything else you need from us?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  so you have Brad's telephone number.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, please set up a 1 hour meeting with the following people.  Topic:   Status of the Morning Meeting Report  Attendees:  Don Powell, Dale Ratliff, John Buchanan, Steven January, Terry Kowalke, Gary Spraggins, Darrell Schoolcraft  This meeting needs to happen tomorrow.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Todd, I am looking forward to the meeting in October as well as meeting you.  I wanted to let you know ETS would like to add one more person to list for the meeting.  Theresa Hess is now in the ETS Gs Logistics group and I think it would be beneficial for her to attend.  Please add Theresa on any future emails.  Her email address is theresa.hess@enron.com.  In talking with Sheryl, I think you are all booked up for the Sunday activity, but Sheryl put Theresa on the list in case of a cancellation.  One topic I wouldl ike to talk about at the meeting:  is the "mis matches" across interconnecting pipelines at the Intraday 2 cycle.  This is still a concern for the Enron pipes and I wold like to know if anyone has come up with any "great" ideas on minimizing these mismatches.  If you would like to discuss further, please call me (713) 853-7637.  Have a great day and I look forward to seeing you on October 21.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, please set up the following meeting:  Topic - TW Imbalance management  Attendees:  Darrel Schoolcraft Richard Hanigriff Steven January TK Lohman Sue Neville Lynn Blair Kim Watson  CC:  Rick Dietz  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, Sue is a major attendee.  Do we need to reschedule?  Let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, we need Don at this meeting.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, see if you can get this on my calendar for in the morning.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  per our conversation.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Larry, let's discuss in the morning.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I appreciate your input.  All the other teams voted for meeting at 2:00 p.m in the afternoon.  So that is probably what we will go with.  Thanks.  Lynn 
 Sherry, where was Jean?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jodie, did you ever meet with John?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Dale, does this help any?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jamie, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Tery, what did we do on this?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Wasn't sure if I had sent this to you.,  Thanks. Lynn 
 Larry and raetta, cand we make sure we do not bill for the vented gas.  Can we work with measurement and redcue the actuals by the 8,000 to 10,000?  Steve, does anyone have the exact volume vented?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Gary is right.  But if NGTS is the only contract, they will take the swing.= Or is Pioneer saying they want to take the swing?  If Pioneer wants to do the swing, maybe they could= do a contract to cover the swing volume only?  Karen and Larry, what do you think?  Thanks. = Lynn 
 Wanted to give everyone an update on the status of the new report format for the morning meeting:  The report is completed for all information except:  Storage Operational Capacity Current and Accum Imbalances  The group working on this feels they will have all pieces of information available and the report completed by June 15, 2001.  The above referenced fields have been a challenge to get  the data base populated as needed.  But this group has done an excellent job in striving to give us an accurate report and not giving up on possibilities.  As you are aware, Gary and Darrell have already started using the report and we have changed how we report outages and allocations.  Storage will change once the new report is completed.  Don Powell and Dale Ratliff have been an excellent resource and very helpful to ensure we get the product we need.  If you have any other questions or any concerns about not getting the new report before June 15th, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Tracy, we have already given the plaques to the employees, but I think they would like the case as well.  So go ahead and send them to me and I will give them to the employees.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, what kind of calendars do you have?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Tangie, very good letter.  I am assuming this does not include the PVR OBA, but all others. Is that a right assumption?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry, what are your thoughts on these enhancements?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Anna, at this time we have no openings available on the Gas Logistic Teams. Please do not hesitate to equire at any time and also watch the EBB for any postings. Thanks. Lynn 
 Nancy, can we meet today at 1:30 to go over my budget?  Please let me know if that works for you.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mary, you probably saw this, but thought you might find it interesting.  Thank.s Lynn 
 Thanks. Lynn 
 Nancy, I can go either way.  If you guys want to meet and then I can catch up with Donna that is fine.  I just wanted to be sure we got you the answers you needed.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Amy, are they paying for all the expenses except air fare?  If so, go ahead and plan on attending.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Alma, how is this for Diana?  Is that enough?  Please call me if you need more.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Donna, did you and Shelley have any more discussion on the move and getting a letter to the reps?  I would like to send something out to them.  There are a lot of questions. Thanks. Lynn 
 Please read the note below and let's all make an effort to ensure Omaha can hear us in the Morning Meeting.  If you have any questions, let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Diana is very much a team player and ensures all the team members' accounts are billed accurately each month.   Diana is a very positive influence on her team. She is the first one to bring resolution to the table on any reconciliation that needs to be done on team issues as well as business issues.  Accomplishments -  Diana was nominated and selected for the Chairman's Award.  Alma, hopefully this helps.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta, were these valid?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Steve, this is going to possible make a difference in how much gets scheduled at Socal.  So you may see a little lower numbers at time.  Let's discuss if that does not make sense.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Larry and Raetta, are we covered on the billing?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Since I missed part of the meeting Friday, what was the to do on this topic?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Estallee, how do we handle this?  Throught the PRC or seperately?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jerr, have you seen this letter?  Wanted to keep you in the loop.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sheila, FYI.  I had Hilda pull this info together for me when we were justifying moving reservation billing by one day.  This will need to be talked about for July billing of June production.  Thanks. Lynn 
  FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, what is the status of setting up the follow up meeting for those that = did not attend? Frazier King can tell you when they will have the tape.  Let's be sure to s= et this up by the end of June if possible.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ricki, no problem.  Let's also book 4194 for the day and I will talk to the three people that have meetings in 4194 to let them know they could use my office.   Are you OK with that?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ricki, I have talked with all the parties that have meetings on June 11 in 4194.  They will use my office if we have to bump them.  Thanks.  Lynn 
 FYI.  We are accumulating the requests and will meet at a later date to determine if we add any points.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jean, I believe everyone received the same message.  The only response is if you fit the criteria below.  I am assuming you do not.  Please let me know if we need to discuss.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, what is the status of the agreement with UCU at the Sunflower point?  Are you still waiting to hear from Karen?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Alma, hope this helps.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry, let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Scott, per our conversation this afternoon, I wanted to follow up with this email.  We would appreicate help in ensuring NO ONE works on Gary Spraggins machine on the weekend.  For the last several weekends, he has come in on Monday mornings and cannot log into the system.  Gary and Darrell Schoolcraft are on NT while the rest of this floor (41) are on Windows 95.  If you need more explanation, please call Dale Ratliff or Steve January.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Per Terry's comments, we have the "blocks" in the system to prevent any shipper from going to 16A back into the "Bushton Universe".  As long as that block is in place, we are OK with Duke using 16A for pooling purposes. Hopefully this answers your question.  If not let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Wanted to be sure you were both in the loop that we are NOT posting Shipper imbalances to the Web, only OBA Dollar Valued agreements.  If you have any questions, please let me know.  This was decided after a meeting this morning with Shelley and Teb to review TW tariff and compliance.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Lindy, I will be out of the office that week.  But Terry Kowalke will set in for me. Thanks. Lynn 
 Attached is the agenda for the TW Imbalance meeting on:  Tuesday, June 12, 2001 1:00 p.m. - 2:00 p.m. EB4102    If you have any additions to this agenda, please let Ava know.  She will add the additions and resend the agenda.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shane, Sheila is in Arkansas.  She is doing a lot better.  Her "tingling in her arm and leg acted up again.  Hopefully she will be home this weekend.  I'll let you know when we hear something for sure.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Since I am out of the office Friday, would you please work with Donna on the bullets we want in Shelley's weekly report.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ignore the next message.  I sent you the wrong bullets.  I would like for you guys to work with Donna on the bullets from our group that should be in Shelley's weekly report.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, I still cannot get in to ibuyit.  Were you able to get ahold of anyone?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Scott, thanks for your help and quick response.  Lynn 
 Beverly, thank you so much for your help this weekend and your offer to come into the office.  Between you, Amy and Terry we got through the weekend without a glitch on our side (even though we had system problems).  Tracy, I understand all is OK at your house.  I am glad to hear.  Cynthia, I understand you had some damage.  Please let us know if we can help in any way.  Linda and Bert, were you guys OK?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sheila is now at home.  She is feeling better, but has a ways to go. They are still running test to determine the problem.  We will keep you posted as we get more information.  Below is Sheila's address to send her a card.  I know she would appreciate our prayers and encouragement.   Mrs. Sheila Nacey 8630 Pine Falls Dr. Houston, TX  77095 
 I do not understand this schedule.  Where is Diana and Renee in the evenings?  Also can you give me the schedule for the weekends now that you have Diana and Renee on the weekends? Plus I would like to know what customers you gave Diana and Renee from a scheduling perspective and what you took away from them from an accounting perspective to even the workloads. Could one of you schedule some time with me and John to review the above questions? Thanks. Lynn 
 Thought you would appreciate this.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry, would you please attend for me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Toby, what is the answer to this question.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I wanted to say I really enjoyed our visit as well.  It has been a long time since I have set down and just visited with friends.  Jane, thanks for taking the intiative to make this happen. I agree, we need to do this again.  Tell Amanda, Seth and Kirby "hi" for me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Maggie, tell me what you need and I will be glad to  approve this request for Mike.  Thanks.  Lynn 
 Ava, what does this mean?  Thanks. lynn 
 Ava, no problem.  Just remind me on Friday.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Toby, please post the attached notice to the WEB under Critical Notices.       TW team, please talk with your shippers to let them know the posting is out on the WEB even though they are getting an email.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Randy, what is the status of the OBA?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Julia, it was so good to talk to you.  We do miss you around here. When Steve gets back from vacation, we will email you and set a lunch date.  Below is Sheila's address to send her a card.  I know she would appreciate your prayers and encouragement.   Mrs. Sheila Nacey 8630 Pine Falls Dr. Houston, TX  77095 Phone - 281-550-4531  Take care and call anytime.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Just to keep ya'll in the loop.  This fix should be ready for test on Monday and migrated Monday night for Tuesday's use.  This fix will be very beneficial in minimizing Shipper imbalances on NNG.  Terry and Gerry will work with the teams to be sure everyone is up to speed on the change.  If you have any questions while I am out next week, please check with Terry Kowalke or Mike Bodnar.   Thanks. Lynn 
 Larry, I want to know if you did not get the response you needed.  Thanks. Lynn 
 terry, are these instructions on the Intranet where we have critical and no= n critical procedures?  If not, can we put them out there?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, just to keep you in the loop since I am out next wee.  This is the information we sent to Regulatory (Mary Darveaux) as we finalize info on the Strangers Gas Settlement. Tangie is working closely with Mary and will get her what she needs.  we are also working with Dan Fancler and Debbie Mosley in Finanace.    If you have any questions, please let Tangie or Raetta (who is working with Tangie on this) know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ricki, I just wanted to follow up, I was told Cynthia and Linda neither one had damage.  Cynthia's mother and sister had flooding and Linda was without electricity for awhile.  If you are hearing something different, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, are you going to be available for this meeting?  I would like to know the outcome of the meeting in relation to any concerns on sending out invoices.    Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Just wanted to be sure everyone had a copy of this letter.  In relation to this letter we had a posting go out on the WEB.  Please be sure everyone on the team has read this notice.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry, can you have the teams getting Ava email addresses on the list this week if Dennis does not already have them in PLE.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, have you taken care of this?  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, have we met all of these "to do's"?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, have you taken care of this?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Brian, just wanted to follow up to be sure you had talked with Toby Kuehl and he had answered all your questions.  If you have all your answers, you do not need to respond to this note.  Have a great day.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I am fine with this schedule.  I am a little concerned about Lynda testing because of Galen being out and the team shortage.  Should we have a back up to Lynda if she cannot get away from the day to day so we do not loose any time on the testing.  Just a thought.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Just to keep you in the loop.  This is on the Bushton Measurement arbitration.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  to keep you in the loop.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, where are we on training?  Are we OK for end of month billing?  THanks. Lynn 
 Ava, please be sure this is on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sharon, I am doing very well but cannot come back to work until Tuesday.  They will remove all the drain tubes Monday. Thanks for your thoughts and prayers.  I'll see you on Tuesday.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Toby, Terry and I talked about this and I will address it again in next weeks team leader meeting.  Sorry for any inconvenience.  The teams should be aware of the procedure.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Randy, what did this mean to shippers nominating on NNG's pipe?  Do they have to change their location or POI number for nomination purposes?  If so, how did we communicate to the shippers.  How does this effect OBA's? Thanks for the update.  Lynn 
 Dale, how are we coming on this project in relation to the info Esther sent you? Do you need anything else from Esther?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, can you sign me up for the Tuesday, June 26?  If I am not available, could you spend some time with me and train me after my conversion next week?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, thanks for the update.  Please let me know how the session goes.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  I am sure you are already up to speed.  Glad your back.  See ya on Tuesday.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, can you follow up with the team, Chris and Sue to be sure we are all on the same page on this issue?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Joe, are you and Gary up to speed on this ElPaso outage on the 26th?  Any concerns on our side?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Kelly, this would not send to the "Outlook Migration team".  So I am sending it to you Ava.  Ava, Please get with Kelly and find out how we send it to the team.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Rick, if you have some time on Tuesday, I would like to visit with you about this.  I don't want this move to be any more negative than what it is.  I have a possible game plan I would like to talk with you about and then maybe you and I need to take Larry and Raetta to lunch give them a chance to talk and then let them know our next steps. Glad you are back.  Lynn 
 It was good to get your note.  To answer your question, I had my last (hopefully) surgery last Monday, June 18th.  Everything went well.  I should be back to work on Tuesday, June 26th.  I was surprised I did not get postponed with the flooding down in the Medical Center.  I stayed over one night and I was sure ready to go home the next day.  I really felt for those nurses.  The hospital (Diagnostic Hospital) was full to capacity since they were helping out the Medthodist and Herman hospitals.  Hope all your belongings in storage were OK.  I am so glad ya'll did not have more damage than you did.  I talked to Ricki yesterday and she has people starting to come in and redo the walls in her house this week.  I am so glad you told me about Steve Klimesh's mom.  I had not heard about that. Do you by chance have his address.  I would like to send him a card.  I had lunch with him right before he left and he was really looking forward to spending time with his Mom.  Speaking of parents, how are yours?  Hope they are both doing well.  As soon as Steve gets back we will email you and definitely go to lunch.  Take care of each other.  We sure miss you both.  Lynn 
 FYI.  Just to keep you in the loop.   John, will you verify with Charlie that Rick Kile and Ronnie have the lead on this and that he is not waiting on us for anything.  Thanks. Lynn 
  I just reviewed a vacation report that covers vacation up through 8/15/01.  There are still a lot of people with a large amount of vacation.  I made an assumption everyone is carrying over 40 hours (which is the max) to 2002.  There was still a lot of vacation to be taken.  I would like to meet with a member from each team Friday, September 14, at 2:00 to review your teams schedule for the rest of the year.  We can meet in my office.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava and John, please let me know if we are not going to have this info by Tuesday.  THanks. Lynn 
 An update on our change for the Storage Allocation.  Several questions have come up over the weekend.  The weekend crew is documenting the questions.  I have left Mike Bodnar and John Buchanan a phone mail message to research the questions and concerns on Monday.  Then we will group with storage and determine what changes need to be made.  One change we talked about on the Sunday morning call with storage is to be able to use SBS on the non allocated portion of storage.  ie, if we are allocating injections, then withdrawals should still use SBS.  If we are allocating withdrawals, then injections should still have access to SBS.  Mike Bodnar will pursue this enhancement further.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, since Terry is out this week, can you take the lead to find out status of this report as you are checking to consistency with this report and the automation of the storage report.  Let's discuss on Tuesday.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Richard, what is the status of this issue?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, let's go ahead with this day and time.  I will cover for John.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mary, we would love to have you come.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Randy, thanks for your prompt reply.  Lynn 
 Galen's home address is as follows.  Several people had asked for it to send cards.  I am sure he would appreicate the thoughts and prayers.  Home Address 10622 Endicott Lane Houston, TX  77318   Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, FYI. I thought I would pass this on to you.  This was the gentlemen from Italy that we spent time with a couple of weeks ago.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Please let me know if you have received this test message.  Thanks, Ava 
 This message was sent automatically by Microsoft Outlook to inform you that you have been designated as a delegate. You can now send messages on my behalf.  You have been given the following permissions on my folders: Calendar:   	Reviewer (can read items) Tasks:      	Editor (can read, create, and modify items) Inbox:      	Editor (can read, create, and modify items) Contacts:   	Editor (can read, create, and modify items) Notes:      	None Journal:    	None  To open folders for which you have permissions, point to Open on the File menu, and then click Other User's Folder. You must be running Microsoft Outlook to do this. 
  I have 4 tickets for the Astros game on Thursday,July 12 and 4 tickets for Friday, July 13th.  Does anyone have a customer they would like to take to the game either one one of those nights?  Please let me know ASAP.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jean, Ava, has us covered.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Christine and Janet, you two can have the tickets.  you need to discuss which night each of you want and let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Renee and Raetta, are you guys comfortable with this info?  Is there any thing else we need from the field on Marketing?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thought you might be interested in seeing this.  Hope all is well.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Gary did a good job of addressing some issues for us.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Donna, please move the following people:  Terry Kowalke - September 20  John Buchanan - September 21  Lynn Blair - September 24  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sharon, Gina is taking care of this since Shelley is out of town.  We are very sorry we missed his name.  I am glad he said something.  Shelley, Richard is one of the NNG/TW Gas Controllers and was here all weekend of the flood. Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, is this taken care of ?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Janet and Christine, I need:  Which date each of you want: Who you are taking (name) Company Name they are representing  Thanks. Lynn 
  Just a reminder to let everyone know Ava is out of the office on vacation this week.  She will be returning on Monday, July 9th.  If you need administrative assistance, please call Sharon Brown.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, sorry, I probably deleted not realizing it (I was adjusting to Outlook)  Would you mind resending it.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ricki, FYI.  I gave Christine the tickets for July 12th.  I will get you the info from Janet for the 13th.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, we had our weekly TW imbalance meeting this morning and I think you will be very pleased next week to see the progress the team has made.  They have come up with plans for both the dollar valued and volumetric imbalances.  We have ensured the volumetric imbalances have not grown this last week and will continue this effort.  TK, Darrell and Dan are bringing suggestions to the table to look at the economics of what the customers are doing.   We will continue to monitor throughout this week and weekend and be ready for an update on Tuesday.  Hope you both are having a great vacation.  See ya next week.  Lynn 
 John and Terry, please review and let me know any comments.  Rick and Jodie, FYI Thanks. Lynn 
 Tammy, would you have some time for us to discuss our game plan?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Any changes you want to make are OK with me.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Sharon, could add the following company/person to the invitee list.  In talking with Bob Stevens it sounds like Semco is doing more and more business on NNG and he felt we should invite them.  Semco Dave Tyler Manager of Regulatory Affairs and Gas Services dave.tyler@semcoenergy.com   Thanks. Lynn 
 Ricki, are you planning on Ava covering for you next week when she gets back? Or is Alma covering for you? Thanks. Lynn 
  I have 4 astro tickets forTuesday, July 17 (Astro vs Cleveland Indians)  and 4 tickets for Friday, July 20 (Astro vs Cubs)  Does anyone have customers they would like to take.  Please let me know the date, name of customer and customer company ASAP.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I don't think anything has changed.  I just wanted to be sure I had the right understanding. Ava can certainly help out where needed.  Thanks. Lynn 
  There will be an update meeting on the status of the TW customer meeting on Tuesday, July 10 at 1:00 p.m. in EB4194.  The meeting will focus on the following:  Finalizing date - October 23 or October 24, 2001 Ensuring everyone has seen the customer list Boat - Size Meals Gifts Access to training room in Enron Building on 5 Agreement on invitation (Mark your Calendar) to be sent mid July  Status of Agenda  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sorry for the change.  But the below referenced meeting has been re-scheduled for:  Wednesday, July 11 at 3:00 p.m. in EB4102  Thanks.  Lynn 
 Rick, Mike and Jodie, we reviewed the attached recommendation and wanted to pass on an idea to you. On NNG, we are trying to ensure new or existing meters do NOT come on without a schedule volume to ensure proper billing.  Since TBS' on NNG do not always have a scheduled volume tied to it, we may need to ensure the volume is covered at the Zone level by the shipper. Do you think this is something the Measurement Desk could help the field with?  We certainly would be glad to help in any way on the scheduling side. This is especially important for new meters as we go through the billing process. Just a thought.  Thanks. Lynn 
 It's a surprise!!!!!!!!!!! - We had a choice of 2 different sizes and Ava is checking on some info for us.  Thanks. lynn 
 Mike, thank you for the update.  My only concern now is the file Jeff sent us last night took 13 hours to load (I am not sure it ever loaded). I know Jeff is diligently working on this, hopefully he can get this fixed this weekend.  Tammy has a call into Jeff to see if we need someone available this weekend to help test.  Thanks again for your support and follow up. 
  Here is our first draft. 
  Tammy, thanks for the update.  Please keep me posted if we are not going to meet Wed. dead line.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Ranelle, I have a meeting Tuesday afternoon from 2:30 - 3;30 and Wednesday from 1:00 - 2:00. Otherwise I am available on those two afternoons.  I would like for John Buchanan and Terry Kowalke to be included on this discussion.  Thanks for getting this meeting set up.  Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Dennis, you are right, we are in the process of combining the two northend teams. They should be getting with you to give you any info you need to update PLE. Thanks for following up on this.  Lynn 
  =09Dennis, John has been working with IT on a Forest and Trees issue which = was fixed =09this weekend.  You might want to check and see if it is the same problem= you are having. =09Thanks. Lynn 
  FYI.  This is Christopher's roommates resume.  Mary Kay is sending me Christophers today hopefully.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI. Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, go ahead and get you a new printer.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, can you please review and make sure Dennis has all our people plus as= sociates on the=20 distribution list.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. LYnn 
 =09FYI.  Thansk. Lynn 
 I am fine with Gary and Darrel having update access as long as they understand that it means they have access to change shippers info.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, how should we handle?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, here is the other email I got on expense report.  Thank.s Lynn 
 Talk about a blast from the past.  Thought you might like to see this.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I know a lot of work has gone into this effort and I really appreciate all the creative thinking some of you have done to accomplish our new report.  Dale and John, would you please work together to get the accounting support team to meet with us and to talk to someone about the long-term implementation of this project. Thanks. Lynn 
  Here are a couple of things I want to be sure we discuss in the morning.   Two Associate Interviews - Bring to Houston  PRC  My conversation with Brad about the Migration this weekend Meeting scheduled for Thursday  PGAS concerns - Jodie taking lead with you and reps 
 Ava, just wanted to be sure you saw this.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Terry, would you work with Darrell on this issue and let me know outcome?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Donna, I want to be sure we put this in Friday's bullets if Mary leaves it out.  This is signifcant for her as well as the North Team.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Alicia, I am sorry I did not get this sent to you earlier, but I have a prior commitment and will not be able to attend.  I hope it is a good time for everyone else.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Larry and Raetta, did Randy do this on his own?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, I will contribute $10.00.  Jut come by and get it.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Attached is the action form HR has indicated we are to use for Level 3 performer.  This form will be in addition to the PEP system Peformance review form.  In discussions with Shelly we will use the form for all Level 3, but ONLY input "target dates" for those employees with issues.     Thought I would pass it on and let you modify as you need for your reviews.  If I have throughly confused you, give me a call.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Julia, got your message last night.  Hope all is well.  Steve and I wondered if you would be available for lunch, Tuesday, Wednesday or possibly Thursday next week.  We would love to see you and Dave.  Let us know.  We can meet you wherever it is convenient for you.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry and John, do you have Mike's desk covered on those two days?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, did you recieve this message?  Thanks. Lynn 
  Well, guys sorry it has taken me so long to get this out.  But attached is the list of functions that we could designate certain assistants to be primary and secondary knowledge base.      Please review and let me know of changes and additions you would like to see by Tuesday, July 17th.  Then I will recap for the Wednesday meeting.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Ava, please change per our conversation.  Thanks Lynn 
 Julia, Thursday sounds great.  We can leave as early as 11:00 a.m. since Steve is catching a plane to Minneapolis that afternoon.  Just let us know where and when. We look forward to seeing you guys Thursday.  Have a good week.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  A little higher capacity than we had anticipated.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, please get with Randy and look at his schedule and mine for us to meet the first of next week.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, thanks for your help on this effort as well as your quick response.  Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Gina here is the spreadsheet I was talking to you about.  Sorry I failed to put your name on here.  Thanks. Lynn 
 No replied to these tickets.  Do you have anyone you want to give them to in your groups?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ricki, do we have any tickets for next week?  I would like to go ahead and give Laura some as a "thank you" for switching pipelines.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI,  Thanks. Lynn 
 Brad, sorry I did not get the message to Ava before she sent this out.  She will send another out in the morning and include Tammy.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Gina, each assistant does time sheets.  So I believe Alma Green would be the person that supports you. Cost centers is Donna's responsibility to work with us.  She has been real good about researching information for us.  Just let her know what you need.  I may go ahead and have a Primary and Secondary for Time Sheet questions and we can discuss on Wed.  Thanks Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Becky, yes I got a note as well.  I was very impressed he took the time to acknowledge this situation to us.  Hope all is well for you.  I enjoyed the opportunity to work with you on Mauro's trip.  Take care.  Lynn 
 Ricki, it might be quicker to re-create the timeline.  I can give you a colored copy so you can keep it identical to the one we have.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, FYI.  Thought you might be interested in this info.  We will keep you posted.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Dale, what is the timing for adding this information.  Also are you or John setting up the meeting to discuss the accounting imbalance info?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, did you send out last weeks notes?  If so can you resend to team advisors and coordinators.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, I think you want to continue using this report.  It is the report we have used all along to confirm the number against the ultra sonic meters.  We can discuss further if you like.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sheila, could I have one of the nights next week to give to Laura for Astro tickets? I'll give you one of mine!!!!  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, the DCC (downstream capacity constraint) code was to acknowledge that the downstream is the constraint vs our pipeline being the constraint.  We are working with Tammy and Donna to come up with existing codes to use for Needles and Nigas.  Thanks. Lynn 
 So, why did only Jean and Janet readily respond?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Brad, do we need to bump this concern up a level?  or have you already?  Seems like there has been a LOT of down time.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 This message was sent automatically by Microsoft Outlook to inform you that you have been designated as a delegate. You can now send messages on my behalf.  You have been given the following permissions on my folders: Calendar:   	Reviewer (can read items) Tasks:      	None Inbox:      	None Contacts:   	None Notes:      	None Journal:    	None  To open folders for which you have permissions, point to Open on the File menu, and then click Other User's Folder. You must be running Microsoft Outlook to do this. 
 Jeff, thanks for taking care of this.  We appreciate your help. Dale, would you let me know if everything looks OK in our systems for all three pipes? Thanks. Lynn 
 When: Tuesday, July 24, 2001 10:00 AM-11:00 AM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: Lynn's Office  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 Ava, I have review the IP/TV anti trust and sent that to Frazier King.  Some of the others may have done the same.  You might call Frazier and see who is still on his list of these people.  And if my name pops up let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Todd, I am planning on attending both the Sunday event as well as the meeting on Monday.  I look forward to the meetings.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike and Terry, does this impact our storage numbers for July?  Thanks. Lynn 
  Karon, I would like to order a 15" flat screen monitor for Christine McEvoy (EB4135K).  Her monitor is going out and we need to replace it as soon as possible.  Please let me know if you need any additional information.  Thanks. Lynn 
  I would like to have a meeting to review pros and cons in relation to the procedure Transwestern is using today for the SoCal Needles "window" allocation.  Some of the questions being asked:  1.  Why are we allocating for SoCal, (at their request)?  2.  Why are we allowing SoCal to set the capacity lower than TW's primary firm?  3.  What are the options for TW to change the alloction procedure at Needles?  I am sure there is a host of other questions we could answer as well.  We are looking at Tuesday, July 24, at 9:00 a.m or Wednesday, July 25, 1:30 p.m.  Please let Ava Garcia (713-853-5842) know which day is better for you.  Then we will get a room and let everyone know date and time.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Tangie, I had a call from Delaine yesterday and she and several others want to come down the week of August 20th to clean up all issues.  I said let me know who is coming.  She is sending me a list.  Hopefully we can resolve this at that time.  Does that work for you? Also, are you here that week of August 20?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI, Thanks. Lynn 
 Brad, thanks for the info.  Also should John Dushinske be invited to this meeting?  He is the Vice President over the North End Generation load and new services.  Just a thought.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 When: Tuesday, July 24, 2001 9:00 AM-10:00 AM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: Lynn's Office  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 Ava, that is fine with me.  Just be sure you have a back up and let the teams know. who is the back up.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Steve, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Miranda, please sign me up for August 22 for the below referenced training session.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry and John, please plan on attending.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Rob and Teb, I heard you were interested in  joining us tomorrow at teh SoCal Needles meeting. Just wanted to send you the information below and let you know we have you covered for lunch as well.  Look forward to seeing you tomorrow.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09Alma, I have this meeting on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09FYI.  Thanks. lYnn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jan, thanks for the update.  This helps me to "think" cold to pack!!!!!  Thansk. Lynn 
 Tammy are doing Wed or Thursday?  I have Fran scheduled for Wed. morning, but can reschedule if we need to use that time for the accounting training.  If it is Thursday, I will reshuffle my meetings.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Kent and Dave, I reviewed our analysis of the swing for July 17th this morning in the meeting.  High level recap is:   130,000		Due to building line pack from Monday's gas day 95,000		Day to Day payback and I/C shortages ( the bulk of this was to repay Norval and Valero Sprayberry about 60,000 from the previous day)  140,000		Due to Market Area overtake (this includes 40,000 of Mid Am imbalance plus 100,000 spread over ABC, D and EF.  In looking at LSF, we were not able to determine that any one zone over pulled.  It looked to be pretty evenly distributed)  15,000		Due to 5% tolerance on Power packs. _______ 380,000		The total swing was 419,000.  The difference of 39,000 is a combination operational adjustments.  Hopefully this helps to identify some of your concerns.  If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Steve, FYI.  Thansk. Lynn 
 Mike, thanks for the info.  I would like to be included on receiving the log weekly.  Thanks. Lynn 
 One of you may want to set in on this meeting.  If not I can bring you up to speed.  Thanks.  Lynn 
 Vernon, yes, you can do pool to pool transactions on an MPS agreement. 
 Vernon, please see my answers in red.  Sounds like you had a great meeting.  Let me know if you need any other info.  Thanks. Lynn 
 When: Thursday, July 26, 2001 9:30 AM-10:00 AM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada).  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  Brad, let's try calling Mike or Ed Thursday mg at 9:30?  Does that work for you 
 Terry, please plan on attending.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, FYI.  John is on call this weekend and will work closely with all the teams as we look at the EDI files on Sunday morning.  Thanks. Lynn 
  John, would you please work with Brad Holmes and Jerry Medeles to capture all of the system enhancements we have made on NNG since last years meeting.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, would you please designate these on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Larry and Raetta, could you touch base with Kathy and see if you can help her out.  If not, then let's get together.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mary, FYI.  Thought I would pass this on.  Would you like to discuss further?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike and John, let's discuss?  I may have led Vernon astray?  Thanks. Lynn 
  There is a meeting scheduled for Wednesday, August 1, to reveiew how TW allocates through pools.   Ava - Please see if you can possible get us 4102 and let us know where we will be meeting.  Ava - Please order food for 10 from Trebeards.  The combination red beans and rice and shrimp et..... (don't know how to spell!!).  Ramona - Carla is most interested in allocations through pools on the receipt side of the business.  Doesn't mean she won't ask about delivery.  Let's discuss.   Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, FYI.  These are some of the comments and requests we get about people attending the meeting.  Normally since Duke is in town and Duke and Robert have an opportunity to meet here, we usually do not sent those reps to the Winter Ops meeting.  However, a lot is going on with Duke right now and it might be very beneficial for us to go ahead and send Robert.  I'll review the list with you before we make a final decision on who goes.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Ava, we have finally made a decision to go with November 8 and 9th, 2001 for the TW Customer meeting.  Please work with Donna on the details and let me know if you are not able to get the hotel for that time frame.  Donna, it was also suggested we just do the meeting in the Enron building and then go down to Kehma for the boat ride.  What do you think of that idea?  Thanks.  Lynn 
  FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sheila, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Larry and Raetta, do you agree with Dari's comment?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Janet, please work with Larry and Raetta to put together a settlement letter.  I would like for Rick and Dari to review the letter before we send it.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, FYI.  We will let you know how well this arrangement works after several weeks of testing it.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Dana, the signed copy after the meeting is fine with me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, remember I am on vacation August 6 through August 17th.  So it would be good to schedule one for the week of August 20th,  maybe the 22 or 23 to give me a couple of days to get back.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Do any of you know if we use this Right Fax?  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, can you help me put together the presentation we want for the Winter Ops meeting?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Let's discuss in the morning. Thanks. Lynn 
  Donna, my portable PC I am using today is an IBM ThinkPad 600.  Please let me know if you need more info than that.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Glen, do you want us to call you in your office?  Thanks. Lynn 
 I talked to Lisa with ENW and told her I would pass her concern on to the regulatory and marketing group.  That seem to make her feel better anyway.  We are working with her and other customers as needed to help them through the Timely process for the first.  At this time we are not planning on extended the Timely deadline, but we will revisit that decision as we get closer to 11:30.  Thanks for everyones support and help.  Lynn 
 Michele, just wanted to forward this to you and see if you would like to atten?  We would love to have you join us.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I will be on vacation, but Terry Kowalke and Steve January can cover for me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Toby, thanks for the way you sent this note to folks.  Lynn 
 FYI. Are you aware of this?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Do you guys agree with Vernon's answers?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Donna, I wanted to let you know this for budget purposes. I am still waiting to hear from South Central teams and TW.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Vernon, looks good to me.  I also had John and Terry review it to be sure we did not mislead you.  They were fine as well.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Did you receive? 
 Shelley, for Saturday's gas day the Socal window was approximately 653,000. We actually scheduled 615,674 For Sunday's gas day the window started at 707,476 and ended at 645,892.  We actually scheduled 615,618 Otherwise the weekend was quite.  I'll leave the schedules for Socal on your desk in case you want them. Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, I thought I would pass this on to you.  It is not too often we get to pass on good comments. I will include this info in the year end reviews as well since we are still working on the report Ken refers to.  Also this is another example of why we need a business objects person in our group or connected with out group.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Alfredo, Joe Hartsoe and Shelley Corman have asked Dannis Ballard and myself to work with you on Mr. Formaggio's visit to Enron.  If possible, we would prefer August 23/24 for Mr Fomaggio's visit.  But, we certainly can made August 20/21 work if necessary. We look forward to meeting and visiting with Mr. Fomaggio.  Dannis and I will work on an agenda to cover the topics you listed below.  If you have any questions, please let Dannis or I know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Maria, I wanted to follow up after discussions with you and Shelley, th= e SoCal window is based on what SoCal=20 is willing to confirm into their system for the day.  It does not neces= sarily have anything to do with physical capacity at Needles. If you have any questions, please let us know.  Thanks.  Lynn =20 
 =09Rachel, congratulations,  this is a well deserved promotion.  Thanks. Ly= nn 
 Shelley, I do not see the ladies name you mentioned on any of these emails. If you will forward it to me.  I will send her this note.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Donna, I need one laptop computer for Terry or John to use when they are out of town.  Please put them on the list. Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 TK and I haev reviewd and agree with the statement.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ricki, I do not have anything.  Thanks. Lynn 
 TK, I saw this after you left.  See what your thoughts are?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry, I agree.  Let's let them know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Thought you might be interested in seeing this for fun.  Have a great day.  Lynn 
  Shelley, while I am on vacation John is working on two presentations for me.  1.  NNG Winter Ops Mtg -  a.  Start pulling together enhancements, LFT, Reverse Auction, team pictures, etc.  b.  Customer hot buttons for marketing and Customer Service - John will talk to teams to get ideas.  We will pass on to Dave Neubauer all marketing issues.  c.  John will work with Debbie Moore as we finalize the presentation.  2.  Italian Visitor -  a.  John is modifying an existing presentation we have used for international visitors.  b.  John will work with Debbie Moore to finalize presentation the week of Aug. 20th.  Shelley and Steve, let John know of any questions or concerns.  Thanks. Lynn 
  In talking with Delaine today, the date has changed for Oneok to come to Houston. They are now looking at August 27 or 28th.  Mary, does that work for you at all?  Is everyone in the office those two days?  I will be in the office Monday morning, August 6, so let me know and then I will coordinate with Delaine.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta, how come these guys did not have access to SAP?  Just curious.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Please set Randy Janzen up for SAP access.  Thanks. Lynn Blair 
  I would like to remind everyone it is very critical that we send out accurate invoices to our customers.  It is our responsibility to review the reports ahead of time (Measurement, Preliminaries, etc).  I feel very strongly that we should NOT be taking comp days on critical accounting days. As I have stated in previous memos this is mainly, reservation close day, the day before commodity close and commodity close day.  You should also be considerate of your team when scheduling vacation around these days and ensure you have SPECIFIED proper back up. It is still your responsibility to ensure your invoices are properly reviewed and sent out whether you are in the office or not.  If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Toby, I wanted to be sure you saw this.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Randy, that is great.  Keep me posted.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Alma, John Buchanan will be attending in my place.  Please send him a request to attend.  Thanks. Lynn 
  I will be out of the office August 6 thru August 17th.  In my absence you can contact the following people:  Scheduling Issues - John Buchanan Terry Kowalke  Gas Accounting Issues - Larry Berger Raetta Zadow Rick Dietz  Operational Issues - Gary Spraggins Darrell Schoolcraft Steve January  System Issues - Please go through John or Terry.  If they are not available, contact Brad Holmes  If you need a Director for signatures: Rick Dietz and Steve January will be available.  Have a great two weeks.  I will be thinking of all of you while I am on vacation!!!!!!  Thanks. Lynn 
  Since we are all moving at different times, we have declared this week to be "causal week" to accomodate cleaning out files, desk, etc.  The more we clean out now, the easier it will be to move to our final destination.  We appreciate everyone's efforts to accomodate the move as best we can. Please let Donna, Sheila, Rick, Steve, Brad or I know if you have any questions.   Thanks. Lynn 
 John, this was my original message.  so you can modify and resend.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Fran, please update Leonards Review with the attached comments.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Steve, I thought you might be interested in this meeting.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, please put this on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, FYI.  Also, would you please follow up with Gerry and be sure we will have this fix in by September 1.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John and Terry, what kind of training are we going to give the teams to be sure they understand how to use CAS?  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, are we suppose to put together a handout for the morning meeting?  Let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, did you ever get any information on this?  This may be part of our presentation. Thanks. Lynn 
 Shawn, it was good to hear from you.  Sorry it has taken so long to answer.  I will certainly look at the possibility of Robert being at the customer meeting.  I appreciate your comments. I am glad Shawn is going to be able to attend.  Have a good week.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Due to all the teams being on different floors, I am very concerned about coverage by John and Terry to accommodate all the team needs.  Here is a plan I would like to propose for now through March, 2002.  Terry concentrates on all TW issues and testing since he will be on 13 with the team.  John concentrates on NNG North end and testing since he will be on 42 with the NNG team  Mike concentrates on NNG South end and testing since he will be on 42 with the NNG team  As each of you are on vacation, then the other 2 will cover your area.  Another option is to have Larry and Raetta help out with the NNG teams during this time frame  Let's discuss on Wednesday after you have had a day to think about this.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ronnie, I just got back from vacation and wanted to follow up on the discussion below. Have you heard back from Jerry?  Do you need me to try calling Delaine again?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, thanks for the update.  I have a couple of questions/comments:  1.  Is Legal and Regulatory in the loop on these decisions?  2.  Anything we can automate, I would like to ensure we have the automation on the enhancement list.  I like the idea of automating the last bullet.  I am not sure if it is in CMS or elsewhere, but I would like to be sure we pursue this automation. Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, please be sure this is on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, no problem.  Just remind me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I talked with Gary Anderson and he has assured my this fix will be done before August production close.  As far as the "sum station" issue, they have it as an high priority.  He was not sure they would have it fixed by August close by should have it by September close.  Raetta if you hear anything different, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta, if we could have an update before I go to Omaha next Monday I would appreicate it. We are meeting with Marketing and the new morning report format is one of the topics. Thanks. Lynn 
  The accounting/Market Service SGA conference is being held this year in New Orleans on September 26 - 28.  I would like for each team to pick a candidate to attend this meeting.  If you attended last year, it would be good to give someone else an opportunity this year to attend.  A few of the highlights of the conference are: Internet Billing presentation and discussion Presentation on electric deregulation Natural Gas Prices Challenges and issues for electric scheduling and accounting  Please let me know who you candidate will be by Monday, August 27. If you have any questions about the conference, you can give me, Larry or Raetta a call.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Fran, here is the draft we worked on today.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Dale, what is the status of your research on this project.  Were we able to get to a zone level?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Joe, are all of these points valid for transport?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Larry/Randy, what is the status of the contracts?   Have they been terminated?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Larry and Raetta, would you work with Janet to finalize this process and let me know the outcome.  Thanks. Lynn 
  It looks like we are on for a meeting with Oneok on the 29th.  Are you guys in the office on that day?  The main topic of discussion is the new Mid Continent Market Center interconnect at Bushton.  Please let me know if you are available or not.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Is this the same on NNG and TW?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Rob and Teb, this is the agenda I left you a message about.  I realize this is last minute, so if it does not work for you to visit with Mr. Formaggio, I think we can cover the time.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jim, good idea.  I had not thought about that.  Thanks. Lynn 
  I talked with Delaine today to firm up our meeting on the 29th.  Here is the plan.  11:30 - 12:00  -  Lunch in the building (Ava can you get Trebeards)  12:00 - 4:30   -  Discuss:  Midcontinent Market Center I/C at Bushton Points that are on the wrong OBA Imbalances on the Gathering OBA American Processing Issues (Robert)  Let me know if we need to add anything else or have any quetions.  I think this will take the majority of the afternoon.  Ava, please get us a room (preferrably 4102) for the afternoon. 
  I talked with Delaine today to firm up our meeting on the 29th.  Here is the plan.  11:30 - 12:00  -  Lunch in the building (Ava can you get Trebeards)  12:00 - 4:30   -  Discuss:  Midcontinent Market Center I/C at Bushton Points that are on the wrong OBA Imbalances on the Gathering OBA American Processing Issues (Robert)  Let me know if we need to add anything else or have any quetions.  I think this will take the majority of the afternoon.  Ava, please get us a room (preferrably 4102) for the afternoon.  Attendees from Oneok are:  Delaine Kurth, Kim Hardman, Sherry Rogers, maybe one other person.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, can you plan on attending?  Thanks. Lynn 
 John looks good.  I have a call into Lisa Sawyer to get her opinion on the 9/30 target date. But you can go ahead and get this to Debbie.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Karen, no problem we can call you in for your part only.  I do not have any more detail at this time, but if we get some before the 29th I will pass it on to you.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Larry, thanks.  Just keep me posted.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09Vernon, here is what was sent to the customers.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thank. Lynn 
 Sharon, I found the agenda you sent out and Vernon sent it to Virginia Power.  This is their reply.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  All four of you do not need to be there.  But I would like one from accounting and one from scheduling.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, I was in the office all this pay period.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I am concerned we will have/or should have some of the frank discussions we have with AA setting in the room.  Is there anyway we could have a rooster everyone signs to show we attended if that is all they are concerned about?  Just a thought.  I can live with either decision, but I want to prep my people before the meeting if AA attends.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Brad, I thought we were re-arranging the meeting to do Rates and Revenue before the other topics. Otherwise, looks good to me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Pat, thank you for sending this to me.  Do you by chance have Bill's home address?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, I am assuming you are aware of this.  In case you weren't, I thought I would pass it on.  This is Bill's address.  Thanks. Lynn 
  There are several things we need to discuss on Monday:  Schedule for not working weekends, but making up that time on evenings during the week.  Mastio study letter  Oneok Meeting  Shift Differential communication to teams - By payperiod vs by month  Winter Ops presentation   I did not want to forget these items.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry, who requested these to be done before the 8:00 a.m. meeting?  Let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Charlie, I agree we should get payment either way.  Gas Logistics is meeting with Oneok on Wednesday on some other matters.  Do you want Steve Herber or I to mention this again to Delaine or wait to see what their review says?  Thanks. Lynn 
  Jodie, Toby,  Steve and I are planning on reviewing and performing a practice run on our presentations.  We have 4102 from 9:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m..  Anyone that wants to join us is welcome.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Please review and let Dari and I  know of any changes, additions, etc.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I definitely think we should let customers know as needed basis.  Someone should certainly talk to ENA.  Terry, please work with Jean on this.  John and Terry, are there other customers who download our rates?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta or Larry, do either one of you have the SMS chart on line?  I only have a hard copy.  If you could help Courtney out, I would appreciate it.  I will be in Omaha tomorrow and back in the office Wednesday.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, I think it is a great idea.  If Shelley is OK with it, would you please coordinate the effort.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Guys, sorry we left off the day.  We are doing this on Friday, August 31.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, please work with the team to be sure we have the basis covered until we have our meeting next week.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Approved.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thought you might be interested.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Randy, I think it would be a good idea to do some training in Omaha.  But we should coordinate it to cover all customers in the Omaha area.  Then we can do it in one trip. Thanks. Lynn 
 John, thanks for questioning this.  Lynn 
 Ava, please add to my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Alfredo, I would be glad to visit with you tomorrow (Friday) anytime after 1:00 p.m.  You can call me at X37637 or if you get my phone mail you can call Ava Garcia at X35842 and she will find me for you. Thanks. Lynn 
  I have 4 baseball tickets for Wednesday, September 12 and 4 tickets for Thursday, September 13 for the Astros vs Giants.  If anyone has a customer they would like to take, please let me know by Wednesday, September 5th.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry and Darrell, are you both planning on attending?  To keep this low key I will not attend, but will be available if you need me.  Are you OK with that?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI. 
  Shelley, I talked with Kent Miller and he confirmed that the Storage group sends storage volumes to EIA for reporting purposes.  They do NOT send anything to AGA.  But it is his understanding that AGA is getting their information from EIA so by default he believes that AGA gets NNG's storage numbers.  As a reminder this question came up in the staff meeting this week and I was to follow up with Kent.  If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, Just wanted to pass on to you, Becky Cantrell and I met with Alfredo today to review our discussions with Mr. Formaggio. We had a very good conversation and Alfredo may be calling in the future for more information.  If you have any questions, please let me know. Thanks. Lynn 
 OK, here is what I have: For Wednesday, September 12 - Cynthia and Renee (NGPL) (2 tickets) For Wednesday, September 12 - Robert and Duke (2 tickets) For Thursday, September 13 - Bert and Texaco (4 tickets)  Cynthia I am assuming you only wanted 2 tickets.  If that is not correct let me know and we can give one of you the 12th and the other a later game.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, does Tim know I only have 30 minutes?  As far as I know Shelley will be having her staff meeting.  Otherwise, I am OK.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Steve, I did not see your name.  Don't you usually approve these?  Thanks. Lynn 
 If I understand correctly we will make the change for January 1, 2002.  Do NOT change anything for 2001.  Is that right Donna?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Have you guys seen this email?  Just wanted to be sure you had.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, is this what you are looking for?  If I need to talk to anyone to help you get the referrel, let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta, have we taken care of this?  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, where are we on this item?  Thanks. Lynn 
  I have approved all of the submitted reviewers for all teams with a few exceptions.  Those people who had changes will be notified by email.  The changes were necessary to ensure an even distribution.  If you would like to discuss any of the changes I had to make, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Laura, I had to change one of your reviewers.  I changed Christine to Amy.  I also removed Richard since he had been selected to many times.  I will visit with him though and get some feedback.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Christine, I had to change Laura to Linda Ward on your request.  We had to many people selecting Laura and I need to evenly distribute the reviews.  If you have any concerns, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Linda, I went ahead and assigned Beverly Miller, Amy Mulligan and Richard Hanigriff to review you.  You need to submit those three names in the morning.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Sherry, I had to change from Chris to Debra on your reviewers.  I will still visit with Chris since you did put her name down.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Chris I had to change  Sherry to Janet McDaniel on your reviews.  I will still visit with Sherry to get input from her for the year end review.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Randy, I had to change Chris to Robert for one of your reviews.  Please let me know if you have any concerns.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Joe, I had to change Chris to Robert on you Year end review.  Please let me know if you have any concerns.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, please put this on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Janet, I had to change from Harry to Kathy Sturr on one of your reviewers.  Please let me know if you have any concerns.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Debra, I had to change from Chris to Janet McDaniel for one of your reviewers.  Please let me know if you have any concerns.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Kathy, I had to change one of you reviewers from Chris to Randy Janzen.  Please let me know if you have any concerns.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Randy, I had to change one of your reviewers from Diana Porter to Shirley Walden.  Please let me know if you have any concerns.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Randy, in our meeting yesterday, I told people they could also give unsolicited feedback on any one on the team and encouraged them to do so.  I will talke with Diana to get some feedback from her without her having to fill out additional forms if that sounds OK with you.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ricki, that sounds great.  Would you please take care of this?  Make it from Gas Logistics?  Thanks. Lynn 
  Do you still want to go to Lunch?  Call Me.  Thanks Lynn (7637) 
 Janet, I will add Harry to your evaluation.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Randy, make sure someone is up to speed on your process that can represent you in the meeting.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jean, very good memo.  Thanks for covering the basis internally on these issues.  Lynn 
 Donna, I am not going to worry about this unless you tell me I need to.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Who is sending the letter to let Bear Paw know we need prepayment?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, I have three PAA's that the North team has done.  Two people are IT.  I wasn't sure if that made a difference?  I told them I would see if we could get them done, but at this late date there were no guarantees.  If you approve, I will have Fran fill out the necessary blanks.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, I wanted to see if I could get the PAA in for Ava.  I think she did a very good job on the Transwestern meeting and I would like to recognize her for that.  If you approve, then I will send to Fran to fill out the appropriate information.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Can we get processed?  Please call me.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Fran, I have Shelley's approval on these.  Can we get them approved.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI. Thanks. Lynn 
 Mauro, it was very good to hear from you, I just wish it would have been under different circumstances.  I do appreicate your thoughtfulness.  Hope all is well with you and your family.  Take care.  Lynn Blair 
  Paul gave me his home and cell phone numbers for this weekend in case anything comes up.  Home - 281-320-2563 Cell Phone - 281-731-0692  Please do not give out to anyone else without Paul knowing.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, NNG and TW are ok.  We use UPS and direct mail only.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, below is the TW information for December 1, 2001  (1) ENA did not nominate on Transwestern for 12/01/01.  (2) EES Contract 25980 - Nominated 	Scheduled 2100	      0		PRR LaMaquina Plant (POI 500539) did not confirm 
 FYI.  This is the info I sent Shelley for Dec. 1 on TW.  We need to track any changes to this information during the weekend.  Please let Terry or I know if you have any questions.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Kathy, here are the towns in question:   Westbrook - Westbrook Power and Light Leadyard - Interstate Power Ivanhoe - UCU Zone EF Milbank - NWPS  Thanks. Lynn 
 Can you double check and make sure there are no outstanding issues in either category for my group and let me know what you find out.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, there is nothing new from the scheduling business on TW and NNG.  Same as your last update.  Thanks. Lynn 
  FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, no problem.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sheryl, right now I am planning on coming in Friday night, late since I could not get there Saturday morning.  So hope all works out.  If not I am sure I can find something to do on Saturday.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Kim, looks good to me.  I am ready for you to send to Drew.  Thanks for doing this.  Lynn 
 John, let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn 
 We are in the process of calling customers to be sure they know the wire transfer has been changed. Thanks. Lynn 
 Jean, this is a very good report.  Would you please add Steve January, Gary Spraggins, Mike Bodnar and Terry Kowalke to the list.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Glen, I had a conversation with Pat Davidson (SoCal) yesterday.  Things have been going smoothly, because SoCal has not been calling any OFO days.  She felt like we would not have an issue until spring and at that time, there is an expectation that SoCal could be calling more OFOs.  We agreed to continue talking, but that does not resolve the issue completely.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sheila, just an FYI.  This is the spreadsheet for ENA on NNG, plus some major interconnect info.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09Fyi.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry, did we get Dave and Chris' second request done?  If not maybe John could work on it.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Here is the update from the last meeting we had on the TW OBA issues and possibly making some TW imbalance filing changes.  We are to meet next week to review the information that has been gathered and consider our next steps.  Thought we could discuss on Friday.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Glen, thanks for the quick turnaround.  Lynn 
 I am available.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I agree we need to put this posting out.  Thanks. Lynn 
 What are your thoughts on this?  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, what did you do with this?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta, would you please work with Richard and have him do the same process you have done with NNG.  Thanks for everyone's help.  Lynn 
 John, can you work with the Jean Adams and let's get this resolved?  Thanks. Lynn 
  Ava, please set up a meeting with the following people:  Shelley Corman Rick Dietz Elizabeth Brown Terry Kowalke Lynn Blair  Timing:	This week - One hour - Make it towards the end of the week  Topic - Status of the reports on the FERC requirements on the California Marketing reports on Transwestern's pipe.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, I had vacation December 6 and December 10 and planning on the 14th, depending on how Thursday goes.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Gary and Caroline, as of today, we have emailed a list by station (7 and/or 16 day charts) to the measurement group which needs to be read for PPA's to correct the daily volumes fro the following shippers:  MidAmerican - 147 stations (It is my understanding you have already 44 of the 147) IES - 87 stations Interstate Power - 6 stations Wisconsin Power and Light - 11 stations  In order for Gas Logistics to keep track of the ones that need to be corrected, we would like for Measurement to send us updates on the following information ASAP:  1.  Which station numbers have or have not been corrected for October.  2.  How many October charts have been received and how many are outstanding  3.  Provide status of November chart information.  Gas Logistics needs the October corrections in the system by December 19th, which is the time frame for the first prior period run.  This is important for us to be able to review the prior period invoices. As you 	find there are missing charts, if we can be of assistance in calling the field, please let us know. This way, the measurement group can concentrate on reading the charts.  We appreciate your assistance and help in tracking these prior periods and helping each of us to keep focused to get these prior period corrections done by the next months billing.  If you have any questions, please let Rick or I know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Larry, who would be two consistent people on each team to cover, Thursday, Friday, Monday and Tuesday? Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta, can we do this same report for November.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Menu for people working Christmas.   Honey smoked Turkey Scalloped Potatoes (Steve) Green Bean Casserole (Lynn) Fruit Salad - (Lynn) Vegetable Tray	(Randall's) Bread (Randall's) Pie 
 Mike, what projects do we have going on in the Business Objects report?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mary, FYI.  Just wanted to pass this on to you.  Also we will put you on the list so each month you will know how much we are billing or if we are billing at all.  Hope this helps.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  We need to discuss.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09Dan, here is the latest list.  I just sent it to you since Randy and LD = already have it.  We have =09a call into John Stern about the columns and which ones to use (you prob= ably already know the =09answer to that).  Thanks Lynn 
 =09John, I am not as smart as you are.  I did not know the Hexanes are C6+.= Thanks for the education. =09Lynn 
 Donna, in talking with Larry Stuard, he can give us a demonstration on the new blackberry devices if Jean does not have time.  Just thought I would throw that out there if there is an interest.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09FYI - The column "Hexanes" is the C6+ column to review.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Would all of you be available to meet in my office tomorrow (Thursday) at 9:00 a.m. to talk about the morning report for storage that we do each day.  I would appreciate your input on the status and how we go forward to simplify the report.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I apologize, but I need to reschedule this meeting for next Monday morning at 9:00.  Does that work for you guys?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Do you know what this is about?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. would be better for me.  I would appreciate it.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jerry, Penny, Steve and Gary, we can meet in my office to dial into the conference call if you like.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, sorry I am so late in sending this back.  Looks great to me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jerry, Penny, Steve and John, you can use my office to make the call.  I will be out this afternoon but John Buchanan will sit in for me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Harry and Gary, is this shortage helping the existing imbalance?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jodie, FYI.  You need to attend.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, attached is the first draft for the plan to talk with the reps for all three pipes on Wednesday. This will be a two phase approach.  We (Sheila, Fran and I) will talk with the teams on Wednesday reviewing a high level plan.  Then we will put the teams into groups to talk about 5 topics we picked from the NNG meeting. Then we will follow up with Donna to develop a training plan.  Fran and I are meeting again tomorrow (Tuesday) at 3:30 if you want to join us or have comments.     Thanks. Lynn 
  Transco/Williams says the $700,000 they owe NNG has been processed and should be wired by Tuesday.  We will let you know if anything changes.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta, can you followup with Joe to be sure all the basis are covered.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Harry, I am fine with working off the imbalance because I think it is helping Gary and Steve, but I want to be sure it does not go the other way.  Please watch and let me know when we net to zero (0).  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sherry does it matter that 12/23 is on a Sunday?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  We are in the process of determining who will be the auditors in the future since that is a requirement in a regulated environment.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, thanks for your quick reply.  Lynn 
  John and Terry, can you work with the teams to get Shelley's name off of the daily update list.  She is trying to minimize emails she gets on her blackberry.  If you can think of any other lists, let me know. (What about the Bushton info, is she on that list?)  Thanks for the help.  Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Gary, thanks for the update.  Please let me know when you have info on the other information and the status of November.  I appreciate all your help. Lynn 
  Terry, if you get this message in Steve's staff meeting, please tell him Rick has the list of Capacity release and Agency agreements with ENA that make up the $553,000 Nov. invoice.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Joe, I believe you were on comp day for commodity close.  Was there something you had planned and not able to be here for close?  Since you are becoming very critical to accuracy of invoices sent out with your added duties, I was concerned that you were not hear?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Just to let you know, Shelley is trying to minimize emails she gets to preserve space on her Blackberry.  But wanted to keep you in the loop in case you needed to send her something.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sounds good to me.  Thanks. Lynn 
   Attached is the outline used for Stan's meeting this morning.  You can just update information as it is your turn to attend his staff meeting.  Stan will NOT have a staff meeting next week, December 24th.     If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Chris, I only got info on the Mid Am Oct. charts.  I talked to Gary again yesterday and ask for more information.  Hopefully I'll have something today.  Have you already sent your letter to Alliant?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Great job.  Thank you for staying with this.  I know you guys are up to the challenge to keep it at zero (0) to the end of the month.  Thanks.  Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Erin, thank you very much for your assistance in this effort.  We appreciate your quick turnaround.  Thanks. Lynn  Lynn Blair Northern Natural Gas Co. Gas Logistics Phone: 	(713) 853-7637. Fax:	(713) 646-8000 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, I don't have any vacation planned.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Jean, I believe you were out of the office on commodity close.  Who was reviewing the stack of reports on your desk?  Did we properly have the bases covered with you out?  Just trying to be sure we have the right coverage for accounting closes.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta, can you follow up on the Flowing gas reports.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Gary, thanks for the update.  Please keep us posted as we complete the PPA's.  I appreciate your help on this effort.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Are you up to speed on this?  We need to discuss.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Chris, I have this meeting on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sue, we have looked at an automated way to take care of this issue.  So far we have not found an exceptable change.   It is a timing issue with true ups from the previous day which are not completed before the current day calcuations are done.  It is an item we are manually monitoring today, but we are continuing to look for a better method. Thanks.  Lynn 
 Mike, enjoyed the visit in Omaha.  See you in January.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Lou, Gas Logistics (Shelley Corman's Group) performs the following services. Where do these fall in your list of services in the Service Agreement? Transportation Contract Services Nomination, Confirmation and Scheduling Services Gas Accounting (Billing of Transport) Commercial Support of Systems (working with the IT group) Gas Control (this was included in your list) If you have any questions, please give me a call.  Thanks. Lynn (Ext. 3-7637) 
 Vernon, the way the accounting system works today:  Dec. 1 - 20 flow will be attributed  to the contract that nominated at that point for the 21 through 31.  This automaticall happens if there is no OBA at the point and if there is only one contract nominated at the point.  If we do not want that to happen, we need to discuss our options. Thanks. Lynn 
 Robert, I would like to give all four tickets to Cynthia for this round since you will be spending time with Duke next week at the Winter Ops meeting. Will catch you on the next round. Cynthia come by and get the tickets.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Debra, I understand you were covering for Jean Adams while she was on vacation. Did we have the proper coverage to get CMS allocated volumes in GVA reviewed as we needed.  Just wanted to follow up.  I would be glad to visit with you about this if we need.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
  We finally found the right person in the KN Energy organization for the 18 dth Carlton Obligation.  KN will nominate today for Gas Day 26th going forward.  We told KN that they will have a penalty of $25.00 per dth for each day they did not nominate.  18 dth x 25.00 = $450/day x 3 days = $1350.  We also told them we have been leaving messages since Saturday.  We left messages at 3 different offices.  KN admitted to seeing the posting but "did not understand" the obligation and they did not call for clarification.  If you have any questions, please let John (Ext. 7429) or I (Ext. 7637) know.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Rick, here is Jodie's Mid Year review.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Dari, looks good to me.  Harry, do you have any comments?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI. Thanks. Lynn 
  Team, I would like for you to review the attached Shipper assignment list.  With Renee leaving and Pat still on a learning curve, I wanted to throw out some possibilities and get your input.  I did not spend a lot of time on interconnects, so you may want to look at those closely.  I did talk with John, Terry, Raetta and Larry for input.  Please review, discuss and set up some time to visit with me about your comments.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, what is the status of these todo's?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Dari, Harry and I have run through the numbers and how we will show the difference on the books and agree with your number. Thanks. Lynn 
 Harry and I agree.  The 567,546.5 is the same number we came up with.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, thank you for the update.  Sheila, just an FYI to keep you in the loop on working from home issues.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Karen and Shirley, great update message.  Thanks for being proactive and putting this out for us.  Lynn 
 I'll call Dari and have her put the rounded number in.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Rick, I am changing my mind again on the SGA conference (typical woman) Call me.  Lynn (713) 853-7637 
  Here is Cynthia's Mid year.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, MaryLou does NOT get differential pay.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, that will be fine.  Let's be sure we get the SGA squared away today. I have a doctor's appointment this morning.  I will be back by 10:30.  Thanks. Lynn 
  I want to remind everyone when NNG calls on the Carlton Resolution, we can NOT allow ANY deliveries at Carlton.  At each cycle, please be sure you monitor any deliveries at Carlton and let Steve, Gary or Darrell know if you see any nominations.  At that point Carlton Deliveries should be allocated to zero (0).  If you have any questions, or we need to discuss further, please let me know. Thanks. Lynn 
  Stan and Danny, here is a recap of activities in Gas Logistics this last week including Gas Control activity.  I will send you an update again on Wednesday (Jan. 2).  Have a great weekend.     Please give me call if you have any questions.  (Ext. 7637) Thanks. Lynn 
 Good job of staying with this.  Thanks for all your help.  Lynn 
  John, attached is Chris' review.  Thanks for the help.  Lynn 
 In talking with Fran we need to have Written Reviews to HR by COB January 2, 2002.  The reviews do not need to be signed by either party.  We can start communicating reviews to the employees at any time.  But there should be no discussion on bonus or merit until they are finalized on or around January 18.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jean, thanks for the note.   Please give me a call and let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Meoldy and Chris, thank you for your help on this matter.  It was very important to us to have Outlook until 11:00 p.m.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Rick, Dari said she would make the letter 8,625.  Thanks. Lynn 
  John and Terry, could you check into having a Business Objects report done for all groupings with the following information.   Previous Cyclce Nomination	Current Nomination	Confirmation	Schedule  Confirmation piece is not critical if that prolongs getting the report.  The reason for the report  - Gas Control needs to know what changes have taken place and this will prevent the teams from doing a manual report.  If we already have access to something similar to this, let me know.  I would like to be able run this report during cycle.  (I think I am probably asking for the moon), but that would be the best time for Gas Control.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Rick, FYI.  I am concerned about the expectation from Marketing vs. what we can accomplish before January 1.  Are you OK with the way all the emails are going back and forth? Would you have some time this morning to discuss?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Please restore the below referenced file as requested.  If you have any questions, please call me at ext. 3-7637. 
 FYI.  thanks. Lynn 
  Delaine Kurth with Oneok called today and wanted an OBA at the (Skellytown) Cargray Plant (POI 8442) effective 1/1/2002.  After talking with Vernon, I told her that we would draft an OBA on Wednesday with Month to Month cash out language in it.  She said to send her the contract and she will run the traps.  She was not excited about the monthly cash out requirement. I told her if we could come to agreement we would make it effective 1/1/2002.  If we could not come to agreement, we would continue the same methodology as we have today, which is Oneok picks one of the transportation contracts at the Cargray tailgate to take any variances.  Karen, per our conversation, please draft an OBA to send to Oneok.  If anyone has any other thoughts or comments on preparing this OBA, please let Karen or I know.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Just a reminder, we are planning a TW Imbalance meeting on Thursday, January 3, 2002 in 42C2 at 8:30, right after the NNG/TW morning meeting.  Richard will bring updated reports for us to review.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Steve and Shelley, I thought you both would be interested in seeing the attached.  This document came out of the meeting yesterday on Bushton.  Thanks. Lynn 
  After further investigation here are the facts as of today (Monday) on the UCU SBA issue:  1.  UCU nominated 20,000 dth on their SBA contract  2.  UCU reduced there Carlton transportation by 10,000 dth  3.  Kathy is checking all of UCU's contracts to see if overall they:  a.  Reduced deliveries b.  Increased Receipts elsewhere to make up for the Carlton reduction  We will have an answer by the morning meeting on Wednesday.  Have a great New Years Eve and be careful.  Thanks. Lynn 
 After talking with Robert, we have an Accounts Receivable issue with Oneok for approx. $99,000. Rick and Robert have tried to resolve this issue with Oneok, Kinder Morgan and NNG.  We might want to consider that this has to be resolved before we agree to an OBA at the point. 
 Ava please print and give to steve to briing to omaha.  Thanks Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 FYI.  Just to let you know what Border sent out.  Thanks. Lynn 
  I want to thank all of you for your efforts yesterday to help our customers get their business taken care of on the Enron pipes.  It looks like we will be in the same mode of operation at least through this morning.  Please make every effort to contact your customers and let them know they can get into Hottap through URL:  www.hottap.enroncorp.com  If they are having problems accessing Hottap, give them the pertinent information they need to do their "next cycle" business (ie. schedule quantity info).  Let's be proactive and help the customers through this frustrating time.  I also appreicate everyone staying around until 6:00 last night.  It is good to work with a group that is willing to help out where possible.  Also, Toby thanks for your "hours" of work on sending out the emails to our customers to let them know what our plans were.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09FYI 
  >>We are keeping this candle burning for all the people >>& their families who were in the planes, buildings and >>anywhere near the explosions today. May God be with them >>and help them through this terrible time. >>God Bless >> >> >>Keep The Candle Going >> >>     I asked God for water, he gave me an ocean. >>     I asked God for a flower, he gave me a garden. >>     I asked God for a tree, he gave me a forest. >>     I asked God for a friend, he gave me YOU. >> >>     "There is not enough darkness in the world to put >>     out the light of one candle." >> >>     The Candle of Love, Hope and Friendship >> >>                          () >>                          | | >>                          | | >>                          | | >>                          | | >>                          | | >>                       ------- >> >>     This candle was lit on the 11th of September, 2001. >>     Someone who loves you has helped keep it alive by >>     sending it to you. >> >>     Don't let The Candle Of Love, Hope and Friendship >>     die! >> >>    "A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle" 
 Ava, LA was Socal mtg. San Fran was Interconnect mtg Omaha was mtg on Bushton and SLA mtg,. Thanks Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I have jury duty but John or Terry can attend for me. Thanks Lynn 
 John please send this to Shelly Thanks Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 FYI.  Wasn't sure if you saw this?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Lynn 
 Michelle, it was so good to hear from you.  I definitely want to stay in touch.  Next time you are in Houston, please let me know and we'll get together.  I am glad you are surviving your new earrings.  They are a lot of fun once you adjust to them.  Those dangling pieces can be tricky!!.  Take care and look forward to seeing you in the future.  Lynn 
 http://home.ets.enron.com/dms/ViewReport.asp 
 Penny, if you have to do the 8th, John Buchanan will participate for me.  Thanks. Lynn 
  I received a call from Laura LaPera with PG&E scheduling.  She and two other schedulers will be in our office Wednesday moring, November 7th from 8:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. to meet all of you.  Ava, would you please put a map together showing PG&E how to get from the Galleria area to the Enron Building.  If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Robert, attached is the PAA form you can fill out and send to me to submit.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09Rick, no problem, I think it would be good to have at least one of them = there. =09Thanks. Lynn 
 The meeting is 1:00 in 4254 (my office) on Thursday, Nov. 1.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Terry is working with Elizabeth and Ramona to pull together the information required.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, would you please print this presentation in color for me.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Jodie and Raetta, I am giving a presentation to Measurement to review Gas Logistic's functions and interactions with other departments.  I would like for both of you to attend this meeting if possible.  The meeting will be November 14, 2001 at 1:00 p.m.  Gary, I am assuming you are getting a room in the Three Allen Center?  Please let me know if you would like to get a room in the Enron Building.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, what about Florida?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Good point.  Thanks.  Should we tell HR that so they are straight on what each company is doing? Just a thougt.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Could we possibly make it at  2:00 on Tuesday?  That would work better for me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Yes, we will reschedule Team Leader Meeting.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sue, I think it would be very good to invite the people below.  We may want to talk about a modified version in the future for the rest of the teams.  The only other person we might invite is Mike Bodnar just because I have him as the point person with Chris on the third party storage.  If possible I definitely want to attend.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Wanted to pass on the presentation SoCal gave at the Nov. 18th meeting in Los Angeles. If you have any questions, I would be glad to visit with you about the contents.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Toby, here is the next file to post.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Richard, sounds like good customer relations to me. Appreciate your help on tlhis issue.  Lynn 
 Steve, FYI.  Thought you would like to attend.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Pilar, count me in.  This meeting is on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, just wanted to recap a couple of things going on.  If something comes up tomorrow, please don't hesitate to page me.  We can visit Monday about finalizing the presentations on the TW Customer meeting.  Thanks. Lynn  1.  Documentation of Plainview allocations procedures - Mike Bodnar is building based on the existing requirements  2.  Bushton upstream supply issue - Terry and John are working with Penny McCarren to ensure all departments (Marketing, Legal, Regulatory, Gas Logistics) have the same procedural understanding  3.  TW Customer Meeting - Met with Ava today and everything is in order except for you and I deciding who is presenting which topics.  4.  Enduser Measurement issue and MidAm measurement issue - Jodie Floyd Jodie, Mary Darveaux and Frank Semin are putting together recommendation. Steve and I are working with Jodie.  5.  Third Party storage procedures and implementation on Transok - Mike Bodnar/Chris Greaney are working with Theresa, Reyna and Transok. Purchase for three days (Nov. 2, 3, 4) for a total of 50,000 mmbtu.  6.  EDI Confirmations with the ElPaso Pipes - Mary Draemer  7.  Aberdeen allocations - Steve and I have been working with Jo Williams and North team  8.  LSP overrun issues - Mike Bodnar/Kent Miller/Tim Johanson  9.  TW possible tariff filing on imbalances in relation to constraint areas - Lindy Donohoe/Terry/Teb  10. SLA Settlement - Steve and I working with Steve Kirk and Mike McGowan  11. Beaver Assets Sale - Steve and I working with Mike Stage and group  12. Strangers Gas Review - I am working with Mary Darveaux  13.  Demarc Presentation to Virginia Power - I am working with Vernon Mercaldo (11/6/01)  14. Presentation to Measurement group on Gas Logistics function - 11/14/01 I am presenting  15. Issue with Solution Center on common drives - Terry Kowalke 
  I will be out of the office tomorrow, Friday, November 2.  Remember John and Terry are both out as well.  For any scheduling issues please contact Mike Bodnar or Steve January.  Larry and Raetta will be available also. If needed, I can be reached by my pager (800-504-6138)  I will be on call this weekend.  Don't hesitate to call if you need something.  Have a great day, and I will see ya'll on Monday.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Guys, very good notes for the weekend.  Appreciate the comments. It helps alot when preparing Shelley for the Monday morning (Stan) meeting.  Thanks. Lynn 
  On TW, TW allocated SoCal on the ID2 cycle for Sunday's gas day, due to SoCal non performance. We cut about 27,000 mmbtu.  The Seque