 Thanks for your note I always enjoy the reading.  and I also appreciate you taking the time to share your events with us.  Come by anytime for your montey>   Sandra 
 Please sign me up for a space in the new garage. 
 i am confused---i thought you guys are coming over friday evening for dinner 
 Well Ray as you might as well have guessed your timing does suck.  All this time has gone by and the day Enron does a "deal" with Natsource, you decide we should have a drink and share a meal.  You guys will never cease to amaze me. 
 THOUGHT YOU WOULD APPRECIATE MY SITUATION HERE.   NOW YOU TELL ME - HE IS NOT MY FRIEND HE IS BROKERING ME FOR MY BUSINESS.  HE DID THIS NOW BECAUSE OF THE ENRON NATSOUCE DEAL.  RIGHT?   PLEASE BE HONEST - I TRUST YOU 
 thanks - that was funny 
 And --FYI I  Dont do pictures!!!! ever   - 
 Need you?  Why would we!    Smiling 
 Hey - I just checked my E MAils for the day.  Sorry to hear about the interview with AEP.  I really am quite surprised.   Did Kayvon say why they didnt want to give you an interview?   I believe your thinking correctly , you need to seriously consider the Balitmore job.  And dont forget there is that possiblilty with AGL in Houston.  Correct? 
 i would love to !!! thnks 
 NO I CALLED IT LAST NIGHT - EVEN WITH TOM THERE - I TOLD HIM TO MAKE SURE HE TOLD JON FIRST - SO I DIDNT HAVE TO TELL PAM - SO YOUR 'IT' SUSAN - TOM LOOKS GREAT AND SEEMS VERY HAPPY AND VERY MUCH IN LOVE - MY GUESS IS THAT BABIES WILL SOON FOLLOW HE EVEN TOLD ME WHEN AND WHERE HE PLANS ON ASKING HER "THE QUESTION"...CALL ME WHEN YOU GET THIS - SO WE CAN CHAT - I CANT CALL YOU REMEMBER - YOUR PHONE WONT TAKE MY CALLS FROM THE OFFICE 
 Thanks - I actually rec this one earlier this year - i thought it was funny.   I am understanding that you may be out of town alot in April.... Are you still planning to have a party for scott and allison?   If so do you know when yet?   I just curious so i can plan on a sitter.     have a great day sandra 
 Thanks for the laugh.  It was perfect.  And FYI "you" are the face i am holding under water. 
 Louis - Again as we spoke this morning - all these deals have ben transferred to Eric Bass.  ALl the "unwinds" should go through him. Thanks,    Sandra 
 Are her eyes blue or what?   She is beautiful,  congrats!  It has been nice getting reacquainted with you. 
 Good Luck - I hoped I helped - 
 Well Now - how interesting - - They were cute. 
 Sure family walk - I get the message (finally) I will communicate with you via E-Mail.  (Smiling) I really dont know about my MOM's -  I am kinda playing around with the Idea of  hiring chef Wes and trasting them "special' ?? I dont know - what ideas do you have? 
 oh - laughing 
 Who is Joey? 
 Just wanted to congradulate you and wish you much success in your new endeavors.   Warmest regards, Sandra 
 Just a quick note to welcome you and congradulate  you on your new endeavors.    Warmest Regards, Sandra 
 I can go Monday but I can't Tuesday.  How are you Pam ?  Can you / will you forward to Susan. 
 I appreciate your note and yes it has been awhile since we spoke.  I do chat with Ray occasionally.  Steve without sounding abrupt I still have no intention of doing business with your shop.  That situation was difficult for several of us involved, and it is not something  that I believe I will forget. nor understand.   Sincerely,  Sandra 
 Hello Matt-   I am not verifying these transactions via EMail - for no other reason than time.  We should send you a confirmation by now.   If you need to confirm these please call Jeff  Royde @ 35295.   thanks 
 KENNY - JON SENT ME THIS TODAY - I THOUGHT IT WAS MORE OF A MANS JOKE- IT IS LONG BUT KINDA FUNNY 
 Wes,  Thank you for the BD wish.   I appreciate it more than you know.  I have been in a real funk lately and  special thoughts help alot. Have a nice weekend.  Again , Thanks.   Also "THANKS" for the market help today with Transco zone 1.   Warmest Regards, Sandra 
 I know (Greg) but you gotta do what you gotta do. About the "Moms" day thing - I am thinking more like maybe not - They each have enough of the bath shit - and I dont really know what to do - What Ideas do you have.  Neither of them are foo foo ish people.   I hope you and Ben enjoy the Park today - that sounds wonderful 
 thank you for the invite.  But I will not be able to attend. thnks Sandra 
 Smiling - thnks that is so true.  We missed you last night 
 Smiling.  At  your comments about Samantha - yes she did - and yes she is amazing.  Our Holidays were wonderful.  Our New Years was no big deal at all.  We (Kenny and I)  were a little under the weather and therefore did nothing - I  went to bed at 12:01   .   anyway - love to get togther for dinner soon.  have aq nice week.   Think warm thoughts Susan- Sandra 
 thanks you for this - i love it 
 hey I am sorry but I will not be able to attend - But you know I wish you a= ll the best - goodluck - stay in touch 
 Hello Susan - Happy New Year - I hope all is well with you and yours. The best of luck getting organized.  The Brawner's 15911 Marwick Ct Houston, Tx 77095  home   281-855-8797 sandra cell  713-594-7369 kenny cell    281-381-7288 
 scott phone numbers are 853-4723   and i guess his email is scott neal @ enron .com?  - good luck - love ya 
 I AM LOL - GAS OR TERDS  0 OKAY OKAY - I AM SORRY - I DIDNT KNOW THAT YOU WOULD CONSIDER TRADING PHYSICAL THEN YES I THINK YOU SHOULD CALL SCOTT 
 i think part of the problem is only physical jobs are available at enron running your own book is something they just dont hire outside the office very often. of course this is the gas side only 
 hi just got to my emails - i will call yo on my way home tonight 
 Jeff,  Just a quick note to say "thank you" for your comments at year end.  I sincerely appreciated your comments and support. I hope your Holidays were safe, healthy, and happy.  Say when am I going to see that new home of yours?  You know it is hard to continue to live vicariously through you if I don't know what to picture!   Sandra 
 A Merry Christmas wish to you and yours.  I still miss you much Bill.  Have a safe and warm Holiday. 
 Susan I would love to  - but as usualy I cant - I have a Dinner Scheduled with Greg at APB Monday - and I am trying not to schedule more than one night per week for outings... Sorry - I really am - I would love to catch up - on your trip , on you , everything - Also - I dont want you to think that I am ever taking advantage of you - just like me know how much money I owe you for the Baby Basket. My house is still in working progress , but I got a few more things since you have been there, drapes , chairs, decorations, etc - and I LOVE IT- I cant wait to show you. And FYI   _ - I MISSED YOU - You can never never go away that long again. Can I call you this evening on my way home?  Or you going to be busy? 
 Thanks Tami - I wish I could make it.  You gals have fun .  Send my regrets to everyone. 
 Your just a little jokester today - What do you mean "try and fit me in your schedule"     I will be there - and you will make the time for me -Because you have NO OTHER CLIENTS!!!!  thanks for the laughs i love you 
 You put a smile on my face with your message.... The reading material is no big deal - It is some Gas Rags story about Skillings comments. And your customer is completly happy with her trim - However , She (me) wants to be a regular client. 
 Hello Kenny,  Just a couple of things.  One our stock is up again today  now it is up 2 at 62$  I was wondering if we should sell some?  What is your opinion. Also I have some reading for you tonight - The Skiliing Story is all over the Gas Market.  (I told Ya).  I know that Clayton has soccer tonight - dont worry about dinner , I would actually prefer some of that Turkey tonight.  I love you 
 Thank you for your comments. 
 Tami,  Thank you so much for your invitation.  I think it is a wonderful idea.  I, however, will be unable to attend.  Thank you againn and I am sure that you will have a wonderful time. 
 Sorry I missed the meeting . I just now am reading my E-Mail messages form yesterday and today. 
 thanks for the information - you know us traders always looking for more info. 
 I understand completly - these transactions are going through Enron Online - I have NO control on these trades if the customer has gotten approval from EOL.  Thank You 
 Thank you for doing  this . I am in Kim. 
 I am out of town on monday and tuesday i am off (vacation day)   wednesday kenny is hunting so yea right now i can only go thursday .  But this is silly you and I and susan can get together the week after... Visit wtih your out of town friend. 
 I don't remember who I used .  Let me look and I will get back to you. 
 She is precious...... I need a baby fix.................. 
 Again sorry Susan but I can not make it this week.  I wish I couldbut I have been out too much latley  with work.  Thanks alot for the invite.  Please give Pam my best.  Have Fun !! 
 I would love to but i can't this week.  Maybe next week.  But you guys please go on without me. 
 Thanks - I love you 
 Thank you for the message - i need it today .  It is 2:35 and i am exhausted - i need a cig and a beer.  I love you.   Sandra 
 ?? I do not understand what this message is for and why i am receiving  it. 
 I have no idea what this means. Please explain. 
 Of course - come by and collect - I dont have my checkbook but you can put me down for a $25.00 donation 
 We  can go out of town - i would love to get away - have you heard about the hilton in Austin?    Call me today when you get a minute 
 Susan, We had the best time.  Good friends, great experiences, weather , etc.  Now we all want to move to  Denver.  I am glad that Bens outfit worked out so well. I thought it was cute and I could picture him wearing it when I purchased it.  So-------are you still planning the retreat weekend?  I am soooo jealous.  I would love to go but as I said I can not justify the expense. Any consideration to something a little more modestly priced?  Do you already have the plans made? Call me or write me back.   Hey - I am getting more and more excited about NYC. 
 Hello.  I 