 I will be out of the office the week between Christmas and New Year's and can be contacted by telephone and fax @ (603) 875-0794. Please make certain that there is coverage at all times for your area. Also, please send Karen your own schedule.  Rick 
 have been unable to return your call. will do tomorrow. it has been crazy here to say the least. rick 
 Yeah, I heard. Childers informed me and rubbed it in that he was key in talking me out of that decision. I think I made the right decision ya think? Rick 
 My daughter has reservations at Kingsway House, 71 Eardley Court. Can you see if anyone knows if this place is a disaster? She is going with a girlfriend that doesn't have hardly any money so they had to find a place that was cheap which worries me no end. Tx Rick 
 This is great. I want to use it at our upcoming credit conference. Thanks, Rick 
 I like this slide from Tara. Can we use somewhere? Rick 
 I go away for a day and come back to yet another $40 million of PGE exposure. I guess the lesson is to not go away. Where does this end? This is a painful way to learn about derivative credit exposure. Please inform all "deal doers" at EES that they better have RAC review their deals (Mercury) in detail before they sign. This is more out of control than anything else we have at Enron.  Rick 
 I will be unable to attend this meeting as I will be in Canada meeting with banks. Bill Bradford could attend in my absense if Dan thinks appropriate. Rick 
 Great!  This is exactly how I want everything in RAC to work. Rick 
 Chip is assigned to North America primarily but we asked him to get up to speed on the India situation in case a new deal should arise there that requires RAC input. He is a sharp guy with lots of project finance experience and also worked in London for Eastern.  If you don't want him involved and a transaction arises it will be difficult to get someone up to speed quickly, given the complexities. Rick 
 You all should have received instruction from Sheila W. on the system for salaries. I need that info late today so I can look at over the weekend. Numbers are due Monday am. Rick 
 fyi 
 fyi, rick 
 Lets discuss this before we make offer. Rick 
 Are these numbers consistent with your expectations. We will submit to HR if no onjections. Traditionally Sutton has looked at the range and made the decision where to be inside the range. I don't know if Skilling will do the same. I have a voice mail into him to see. Rick 
 wow! what's behind this, not that I think it isn't a very prudent decision. rick 
 Tx Please stay on top of this and pass on info to Bradford for inclusion in our overall Calif. analysis. Rick 
 Yes we should present fx exposure at every meeting just like credit exposure tec. Format as before. Rick 
 We are probably ok for now since we got the space from networks. Rick 
 fyi 
 Are your plans to stay on 28? We are doing some planning on office space. I have some people in 3 Allen that I would like to move over here but it is not a big issue. I had heard that you were moving. Tx Rick 
 please schedule 
 test3 
 fyi- wasn't there a discussion on this at prc? rick 
 I really appreciate it when people take the time to acknowledge Mark's efforts and others in RAC as well. Thanks for the feedback. Rick 
 Hi- Thanks for the note. Remember that Karen reads all my mail so don't send anything too personal. Time to get back into studying. It will be over before you know it and the four years is a small fraction of your working life so keep at it.  I will look into London for your spring break. Send me the exact times you have off. Love Dad. 
 Attached 
 thanks, rick buy 
 OK by me. Only because I know Frank. Rick 
 Weird, but ok by me. Rick Buy 
 FYI 
 I told you wrong on date for next mtg if you need approval. That date would be Feb 13. I'm tied up w/ bonus/review stuff for foreseeable future. feb works better for lunch. Rick 
 test2 
 feb 2 i think why?? 
 I will be working on all RAC bonuses on Wednesday and ask that each of you review  your department's bonuses on Thursday so that all of RAC can be submitted on Friday.   Thanks.  Rick 
 I guess I don't have strong feelings if a dash is written here or not but I do care that a troubled situation receive the attention it requires to avoid getting in deeper. There always seems to be reluctance in UK to have a dash prepared, Steve always used a huge amount of energy on justifying the task. We all know that if problem deals are not addressed they always get worse. Maybe Michael could be led to "suggest" an alternative memo or approach. A "problem deal" memo. If you all think a dash is the best approach do it and I don't care if they don't sign it.  Once the website is functional, it will be helpful to have a complete history of deals and having these kind of memos in dash format will aid this process.  One final thought, Michael is quite supportive of our effort and I think we should pick battles carefully. Rick 
 Pam- Please send this to RAC worldwide. Tx Rick 
 Activity levels in Credit Risk Management (CRM) have never been higher due to very volatile commodity markets, growth in EES and many other factors. In order to address these market changes, effective now, Ken Curry will transfer from Rick Carson's Due Diligence group to CRM and report to Bill Bradford. Ken has a strong background in credit related issues and should be able to immediately add value to the CRM group.  It is fortunate that adequate depth exists within RAC to be able to realign personnel as market needs suggest. Please join me in congratulating Ken on his move and in wishing him success in this new assignment.  Rick Buy 
 Sorry to hear your news. Thanks for letting me know. Rick 
 Lets have a brief meeting on this. I'll have Karen set up. Tx Rick 
 This looks good. Possibly don't need last two items , we need to decide when to review this once it is live to see if it is taking off. Also, what does t aking off mean? Certainly after a month. See what others think about this list and then we can decide what our plan should be. I'll talk to you in a day or two. Rick 
 Thanks- You guys need a rest. Have a great holiday. Rick 
 Karen- Wanted to say thanks for the gifts you gave me the other day for xmas. I know I often appear ungrateful but that's what happens when you have 2 thousand things on your mind. The pen and leather "thing" for notes are great- I'll use both in my annual attempt to get organised. Rick 
 test 
 keep 'em coming, rick 
 god help them  Best of luck, Rick 
 excellent!!!!! 
 I have done this 3 times now. 
 Please get involved here and let these people know this. Tx Rick 
 After rereading 3 times I see your point. Didn't mean it that way. Before I sent it out I had Ted and Karen review as well as another person in corp. None had any comments. I asked Dave Gorte if he saw anything negative in it, he did not. Didn't mean to slight you in any way and I apologize if I did. Rick 
 Is this correct? Rick 
 Spoke w/ Skilling re OI "binary" decision. He is willing to enter into the deal. His rational is that he thinks we will be ok on OWC in the final analysis. He did  say to reserve for the deal adequately and structure it as appropriate for the circumstances. He also wanted to know if there is anything different here than on OWC. I told him that it wasn't significantly different (both strong underlying businesses with huge event risk attached)  Lets get dash completed and then I will voice mail Jeff w/ specifics and get his verbal signature.  Rick 
 Louise Kitchen, who is now the President & CEO of Enron Net Works and I had a conversation about the space located at EB2801.  Louise had no objection to RAC occupying this space since her buildout could not occur until May.   The space rental should be allocated to 011/100068 and 011/100052 equally.  Rick 
 Spoke with John Sherriff this am re prc for London RAC people. John said they included our people for cross calibration purposes but we could rank our people where we saw fit. So I don't think there is any issue here. The Houston PRC rankings should stand unless there was new information brought to light to you Steve that calls into question a person's ranking.  Sheila- please double check with the London HR people that this is straightened out.  Thanks, Rick 
 Mark- here is my response to your request. Call with questions.  Goal: Total Foreign Exchange Exposure quantified and communicated to BOD.  Performance: Project completed with final tranche of results reported to Finance Committee Dec 11. The notional exposure as well as impact on potential impact on earnings and CTA accounts have been quantified and reported to the BOD over the past year according to a schedule that has strictly adhered to. Also, a template and process has been established to be able to easily report changes in the future. Enron has never had a comprehensive review of FX exposure prior to this activity. As an aside, there has been a fair amount of hedging activity resulting from this effort.  Goal: Establish risk and trading control processes for risks unique to EES.  Performance: Systems have been established and monitoring controls are in place across EES. A thorough study of the DSM business has been completed and the results presented to the Finance Committee. A RAC task force has been put in place which has established a work plan consisting of 53 elements that EES has agreed to put in place to get the overall back office and trading and credit control systems where they need to be. Significant progress has been made against these recommendations. DSM projects have been spot tested with outside measurement firm and the results reported to EES. These tests have highlighted focus areas to determine where the capital dollars are best employed.  Goal: Solidify the global risk management policy beyond Houston and London.  Performance: Complete and Ongoing. During 2000, Project Doorstep was initiated by RAC which inspected every office within Enron to determine if trading was taking place and if so whether the Enron controls were being adhered to. A data base system was developed to routinely prompt surprise inspections of these offices and also monitor if the recommendations are being adhered to. Doorstep was a huge effort involving RAC, AA, and operations to really understand where we have risks. It also helps in defining where we don't have responsibility such as EOTT,  Azurix  and The New Power Company. 
 I have no idea who sent me this message. I did not like the sound of the name so I forwarded it to both of you. It is not a pornographic e-mail but I the name sounds funny. FYI. Trying to stay out of trouble. Rick 
 This needs to be sent company wide. Lets discuss how. Tx Rick 
 I will request this extension at tomorrow's executive committee of the board mtg. rick 
 I would like Bill Bradford there unless someone is trying to llimit headcount. Rick 
 The continued growth of the Enron Europe office and related businesses has prompted a change in the management of Risk Assessment and Control (RAC) in London. Effective in early January, 2001, Ted Murphy will transfer to the London office and mange the RAC activities which include credit and market risk and underwriting. Ted will continue to manage the Enron Global Market Risk activities. Steve Young, currently managing RAC in London, will begin a new assignment within  EBS, also in London.  The Houston Market Risk group will be managed by David Port  As Enron continues to expand its trading and risk management businesses, it is vital that trading and credit policies are administered in a consistent and accurate manner across the company. Hopefully this realignment will accomplish that goal.  Please join me in congratulating Ted, David and Steve on their new assignments. 
 I have two nominations for MD and one for VP.  VP  David Port  MD  Ted Murphy Dave Gorte  All of the above would be in the Specialized Technical category.  Call me if a problem, Rick Buy 
 ok, but can't do anything until jan. rick 
 Thanks for note. Mike Jordan in UK is coordinating an effort on this. I'm worried we have more than initiative going on here. Hopefully everyone will coordinate.  Rick 
 fyi, rick 
 fyi, rick 
 How is progress on this? Rick 
 Deal needs to go to Skilling (or OOC) because capital price exceeds return. Otherwise Frevert could sign. I am authorised to sign for Jeff up to $25 MM after I leave him a voice mail. After I review deal I will voice mail Jeff and that should work. Rick 
 fyi, please respond, tx rick 
 Everyone in RAC is invited to attend Underwriting mtg on Friday at 10:30 am. Rick 
 Need your help on the following: Each day we are delayed in finalising var, p&L and positions because the UK must wait for a USD  interest rate curves before submitting their data to Houston. I am also told that it is really not necessary to wait for this curve and the data could be submitted close of business London. Even if there was some minor inaccuracy from this method it would be better than what we have now. This would greatly improve the efficiency (by 4 to 6 hours) in reporting to senior management. Can you guys initiate this change or get me to the right person there. Thanks, Rick 
 Probably a smart decision. Rick 
 Per your voice mail I would like to defer 100% of my ECT Phantom Stock into the Stable Asset fund. I only want to defer that which I have to defer due to my Section 16b status. Thanks, Rick Buy 
 Have had problems with my computer but I found this memo unread. (May be because I have 2000 emails). Should we still pursue this? I know Jack is working on copper mines. Maybe you guts started without me getting involved. Lets discuss. Rick 
 Kind of old but still relavent. FYI Rick 
 did i send this to already? fyi. this was very contentious at India mtg w/ Lay & Skilling. We need to understand what our exposure is. You need to become our India expert. Tx Rick 
 thanks, they do a great job and are an under-appreciated asset at enron. rick 
 This slipped thru the cracks- are we still going to do? Did you do it already? Rick 
 Karen- please print this out. I need to edit this. Thanks, Rick 
 i guess this is the answer to my inquiry on cypress issue-rick 
 I think you should arrange for a formal presentation of this material to myself and other folks in RAC. I believe this is the direction of future risk control activity and all of us need to be updated. Scheduling something after the board meeting would be helpful. Tx Rick 
 Good job. Keep moving it forward. If moving forward it will improve. Rick 
 Looks good to me. Rick Buy (Please pass along to John S. ) 
 great news! i think the ad swap idea is one of the most creative things to happen around here in quite a while. rick 
 Missed your call  today and I will be in RAC PRC all day tomorrow. Basically Jeff said we must get this exposure down but gave no parameters to the statement. He did ask if any recent issue is causing us concern to which we said no, and I also said we know more about this company than any other exposure we have (which we should).  I also spoke with M. Kopper today and he thinks the proposed deal w/ TXU to pay slightly more for a plant with the proviso that we get a cleaner contract is a good idea, rather than paying a lot of money to an investment bank.  Moral of story in my opinion is to try and improve deal structure with TXU through the plant purchase or other structured deal. Do no more (large) deals with TXU that significantly increase credit exposure ($10mm??) unless we buy a derivative that reduces exposure simultaneously. Continue to stay on top of TXU with frequent meetings with their management to maintain a close relationship with good communication.  Lets try and discuss Wed if possible. 
 Spoke with Jeff re TXU. Lets discuss when you have a minute. Rick 
 Bad problem, good response. Are there any others where price wasn't being updated? Rick 
 Totally supportive  of candidate. I hope we can get her. Only issue was reluctance to move to Houston or London. That will hurt us eventually. Rick 
 Send him what was in books but no notes. Tell him it changes daily in a huge way. Tx Rick  PS I stopped down earlier to thank you for a great job on the BOD meeting. See you at 4:30. 
 sounds like an opportunity for our illustrious steel team! 
 Can you please add Greg Whalley to the distribution on this report, which by the way is quite bebficial to us. Tx Rick Buy 
 fyi, rick 
 a "senses"?? i love chi-knees- rick 
 Thank you very much for taking the time to provide this feedback. Feedback, both positive and negative, is critical to improving performance. Rick Buy 
 London??? How do we include? Rick 
 fyi, rick 
 This is fine by me. Do you need hard copy of signature. Rick 
 fyi-comments? rick 
 will not attend, tx rick 
 Approve as written. (Continue to hate the deal). Rick 
 I have already left him a voice mail. Will let you know when I hear. Tx Rick 
 wow! pretty bold move assuming you had a choice.  i will be in london next week, i'll try to give you a call. rick 
 Sounds great. Don't build me a Rolls when a Chevy will do. Rick 
 not to worry- we won't be cutting your budget. lets discuss when you get back. rick 
 I am not sure I understand this. Can I still surf without going thru the Enron system? Can I still use AOL? I will only need full Enron access about half the time the rest a direct dsl internet connection is what I want. Is the DSL line on all the time or is it still dial up.? Rick 
 you have been busy haven't you, rick 
 I was really hoping we could do this on a best efforts basis with all of us covering any issues arising during the month of December. Since there seems to be insistence on a date certain there is no choice but to have Steve start in EBS on 1-1-2001. Ted can't physically be there until then. It will be difficult to have full RAC responsibility without physically being there. Rick 
 fine 
 tx- caps were eliminated so this should improve?? rick 
 to your hearts content 
 Please do not extend offers of employment to anyone without checking with me first. This does not mean a freeze but rather I want to be sure there isn't a person in RAC that may be better suited, or could be with a little training, for a particular position. Thanks, Rick 
 Thanks for the information on the GB 58. This boat far exceeds what I want. After the show I concluded that  either a 42 or 46 foot classic is most appropriate for my needs. Would like to also consider the 36 foot model. Thanks for the info though and keep me in mind. I enjoyed talking to you at the boat show and my wife was quite sold on the GB line (after looking at most everything there in detail).  As I mentioned I am in no particular rush as I probably have a year before I want to go forward on this but if something exciting came up, either new or used, I may be interested. Again, I would need your help in obtaining appropriate dockage( in someone's backyard!)  Thanks, Rick Buy 
 Karen- please circulate to all RAC worldwide. Tx Rick   It is with great sorrow that I must announce the passing of Andy Knight, manager in the Market Risk Group. Andy succumbed to cancer on Feb. 22, 2001 and will have funeral services in Florida. There may be a memorial service here in Houston arranged through his church but details have not been announced. Please contact Veronica Valdez for details.  Andy was with RAC and Enron only briefly before being diagnosed, but made a real impact especially on those that worked closely with him. Andy had  a warm and personable style, which along with his technical capability, made him a real asset to the group. He will be missed. 
 I approve this request. Thanks, Rick Buy 
 Can you guys make a meeting on March 12 at 10am to discuss something with above group? Rick 
 I attend a regular meeting with AA and Rick Causey discussing EES internal controls. They have asked for a detailed presentation on :  -EAM business -Tariff curve summary and positions against those curves -Credit issues in general.  I will try and get more details for this but we should get together soon and get it organized. EES may attend but not present. I think we should give them an overview of the business and what needs to be accomplished in each of the above areas. Probably a one hour mtg but maybe two. Lets try to meet next week.  Karen- please set up.  Tx Rick - 
 ???????????????????????????????????????????? Rick 
 Was speaking w/ Lavo today on a different matter and he mentioned you were a great help to him in managing his world and was quite complementary overall. I can count on one hand how often this happens in RAC so keep it up.  Great job. Thanks, Rick 
 Thanks, we are in bounds for the moment.  Rick 
 need to know more. focused on trading? or assets? rick 
 What conference? Rick 
 Spoke with Ben Glisan re our conversation on retail credit and concluded that we should meet with some banks that specialize in this area. Can you prepare a brief presentation that would serve as a discussion document for such a meeting. The concept is that a deal flows into a website?? that is basically a checklist and the transaction is sized and scoped. If it met deal criteria and portfolio requirements, it would flow directly to an outside shop that would fund, bill, track etc. Enron could possibly keep a small interest in economics and of course a skim.  Lets review presentation, then discuss with Ben/Andy and Janet D.  and proceed to banks. Ben is clearing idea with Delaney. We are shooting for a Friday (23) meeting.  Thanks, Rick 
 fyi, rick 
 fine by me, rick 
 The Board meeting has concluded and I can now focus on the task force. The following people in RAC have been assigned to this effort as follows:  Legacy Opportunity  Molly Harris Teresa Seibel James Copeland Michael Tribolet Jay Hachen Minal Dalia Don Rollins Rick Carson Jeff Soo Debbie Brackett Sue Vasan  On Going Opportunities  Denise Fury Mark Wilson Dana Smith Andrew Greer Martin O'leary Jay Hachen Dave Gorte Darren Schmidt Vladi Gorny David Port Jeff Soo  This is a huge commitment of staff from RAC and will strain us no end, but it is necessary. If you want RAC to lead this effort I will appoint Michael Tribolet to manage the task. If you want someone else to manage the  effort we will assist as we can. Regardless of who leads this effort we need following:  Commitment of EES back office staff people Commitment of IT resources Commitment of Skilling to fund the overage to the RAC budget, which I am under huge pressure to reduce, not increase.  Let me know how to launch this program.  Rick 
 No- I'm meeting w/ Bradford at 11 to discuss. Want to join us? Rick 
 Great news. Thanks for the heads up. Rick 
 No problem publishing- fake numbers, fake names and the real deal was not done. Should be pretty safe. Rick 
 I'll be in New York. They will have to fly solo on this. Rick 
 good info. i don't believe there will be many more "ei" type asset acquisitions any time soon. rick 
 What do you think. Probably ok I guess. Rick 
 No further Board approval is required. I'm told that new products on EOL require the lawyers to get involved but that will happen when you request to put the product online. Rick 
 fyi, rick 
 You may have an interest in this. FYI Rick 
 As mentioned in our floor meeting recently, attached are listings of teams that we are forming to better address the business needs of Enron as it expands both in volume and scope. Supervisors of each RAC sub group provided the names for the groups with the understanding that they may have to be adjusted from time to time. Only the more senior people were included, but others will be included as appropriate. Many will have to be multidimensional. There will be no formal leader of the teams because each member is responsible for the activities of the team, regardless of the RAC group that you are in. Following are several thoughts concerning this process for consideration.  - The purpose of this exercise is to better serve the customer, the commercial business units and achieve this within our control framework. - Ancillary benefits include cross training of RAC employees and heightened awareness of RAC issues. "De-silo-ization" . - All existing reporting relationships remain unchanged, for the moment. - Successful implementation of this effort will require a positive attitude among the teams. - Existing RAC responsibilities remain in effect. -  Teams should meet weekly, at least, to discuss issues. Transactions will require more frequent informal meetings. - There are no excuses for forgetting to consider the impact on a deal of credit, market risk or our portfolio. - All team members are responsible for all aspects of a transaction. Offer to help out if needed. - If formal cross-training is necessary, force it to happen. - Encourage weak links in team to perform. - Each quarter RAC management will conduct portfolio reviews of the business unit with the team present. This may take one quarter to implement. - If it makes sense to sit together for logistical reasons try to arrange it with your supervisor. - Individual performance on the teams will be strongly considered in the PRC and compensation processes.  The existing EES team has been quite successful and in large part was a catalyst to the recent reorganization there. You can have an impact.  This process should begin immediately.  Thanks in advance for your cooperation in this effort.  Rick 
 Are you alive? How is your health? Is stress a big part of your life?  Hope all is well. You are doing a great job there for us but if it gets to be too much we'll try to help. I noticed that west power has already made a fortune this year so it must be crazy.  Rick 
 This was an excellent response. No need to take too much grief though. Rick 
 Jeff- this guy sent me this email. Probably not any interest to you, but you can decide.  Rick 
 Please include Bill Bradford if possible. Tx Rick 
 What type of projects? If you give me a brief description of what you are referring to I can forward to the correct person. Thanks, R. Buy 
 Just met w/ Skilling and Whalley.  Var for gas has temp increase of $15MM until next friday (12/15/2000). Jeff is calling for an executive comm mtg to ask for an additional $40 MM of corp var until next wed (12/13/2000).  One issue is UK power will be over VAR everyday starting probably thurs or fri of this week, unless we increase them as well. (They sweep retail deals into book once a week on this day). This increase only needs to be $2-3- million.  Fasten seat belts and apply oxygen masks.  Rick 
 Check out this site. Rick   http://www.laconiamcweek.com/ 
 Since my daughter is going over to London it prompted me to see if that would be a good time for me to come as well. Then week of March 5. I could stay a day or two if needed. Any thoughts? Rick 
 This is fine by me. Rick Buy 
 thanks- now i  just have to convince jeff-- rick 
 Thanks for the feedback. I sent my best guy there so I hope there is improvement. We have been talking to a candidate for credit that Ted will be discussing with you soon. Hopefully we can make progress there also. I want complete buy in from you and John on this guy before we proceed.  Separately, the scrap metals meeting we had with Causey went well. We will reconvene in two weeks to see where we are.  Thanks again for the feedback. I was a little worried about Ted after the MD disappointment but it seems he has recovered.   Rick 
 Sounds fine to me. Does it make sense to run resume past Brown and Sherriff prior to bringing him over? Also, is the idea he would be a director, sr director or vp? Each of these paths has consequences as you know. Rick 
 I liked him alot. Seems ready, willing and able to make a move. What are your thoughts? Rick 
 Thanks for your note. I want to wish you the best of luck in EES. As far as RAC's issues with EES, I would suggest getting together with Tribolet and getting some of the lists that have been put together as part of the task force. I would also suggest attending the task force meeting, providing EES management is agreeable, to get a better picture of what is going on.  Again, I hate to see you go but it will still be value added to RAC and Enron. Have fun!!  Rick 
 No- the conclusion is incorrect. The peakers help to mitigate the risk created by market positions. Maybe just change the last sentence to read "Because the peakers offset the contract, the VAR is substantially reduced. " Rick 
 Ted tells me you guys have already taken action on this which greatly relieves me. I did not want this procrastinated on. I have a meeting scheduled with Rick Causey and will get up to speed on what exactly what has transpired prior to that meeting. Thanks for giving this your immediate attention. Rick 
 A "Doorstep" inspection of this business was performed in accordance with our procedures and apparently this business is a disaster!!! We need immediate action on this up to and including shutting it down. This was the worst we have seen at Enron and I don't even want to put in this email what I heard was going on there.  We need a coordinated solution here asap to avoid a real disaster, if there isn't one already. I'll speak with Rick Causey here about what immediate action we should take but the more you guys can dig into this the better. More to come.  Rick 
 Please print and file tx rick 
 Thanks- I am very interested in this business so if I can help let me know. Tx Rick 
 The above transaction was presented to the Board on 1-29-2001. There was considerable discussion which I have summarized below.  Returns: were the returns sufficient to syndicate the risk. I answered positively, which is what the capital price addresses. The dash return is a blended debt and equity return.(?)  Was the $19 million excess proceeds enough to allow the company to operate. I answered yes since 85% of reserves are producing and little capital will be needed to develop pdnp and pud reserves.  Is management capable of operating or will they be in chapter 11 again soon. I answered that the bankruptcy was a result of overpaying for Wyoming deal and low commodity prices last two years which resulted in a bb decrease below outstanding. We will have to watch this issue carefully.  Are banks reluctant to support KCS and could this cause a liquidity problem? Answered that all creditors were made whole and likely that someone will come into credit but it was a risk, although for the time being they had enough cash to operate.  This feedback is just for fyi but it does indicate that board is active and not a rubber stamp.  Rick 
 Karen- please print this out and file somewhere. tx rick 
 Please be sure this is in some legal record or something so I don't have problems with this in the future. Thanks, Rick 
 Craig, received another statement showing another service charge. We should probably cancel this account. Rick Buy 
 Maybe have her contact Ted since he is in London??? Rick 
 fyi, rick 
 accidently sent this to you rather than my person that handles org charts. she will send to you RAC org chart asap. rick 
 I just found a sympathy card from Karen Heathman in my briefcase.  Let me know when you get this. I am getting the feeling that these messages don't get through. Love, me. Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  fyi 
 Is this ok with policy? rick 
 I will attend in person. Rick 
 Hi I'm in the Board Meeting buy shoudn't last muchlonger. Love, me.   Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I'm in a Board meeting sending you an email on my new Skytell pager. Are you feeling better. Hope so. I better go Love, Dad Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 6:15 and still going but shouldBeDoneBy 6:30 Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 We are trying to get the banks out of our hair a little bit here so let me know if there are any more requests for info and don't send anything to them without clearing it with me first. I will run sensitive stuff past Lavo and then try to let the banks know they have enough know. They are calling people directly now and we need to stop that. Thanks, Rick 
 Are there lots more. If not, $2.5 million is not Whalley level discussion. Same point as we discussed this am. Rick 
 We can not have this going on at this time. Someone needs to negotiate for Enron. Lets discuss. Rick 
  I don't know that we have to cover all of this but we should meet today to get a start on this. Rick 
 Sounds good to me. I'm out of office til Wed. Trip was good I presume? Rick Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 This is ok with me. They have requested it. We only need director and above. Rick 
 I,m in a meeting til noon. Did you differ from me. Rick Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 We are not having a particularly good day here. We need some good news to share. Any updates please pass along asap. Tx Rick 
 Thanks Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Meeting at 6:30. Will let you know after that. Your ruler, Richard Buy 
 There is now a meeting at 8pm as well. Forget dinner. What a mess. See you later. Love, me. Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Still waiting on decision. You haven't seen 120 in some time. Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Jeff Delapino (sp?) from Chase has asked me to look into the above transaction to change from monthly collateralization to daily. Do you know who is familiar with this deal? Rick 
 Lets do what we can. It does sound like it would be less volatile if settled daily. Rick 
 I think we urgently (next 2 days) need to have a meeting to discuss where we allocate capital and risk. Counterparties are very nervous and many are not extending us credit so we are having to prepay extensively to do business, both in the US and UK. I have two suggestions:  -allocate to each business a fraction of our available liquidity or -appoint someone to make the call when a large chunk of cash is needed.  For example, EGM wants to send out $200- $300 million for sixty days to buy physical to cover an option with Koch.  We do not have infinite liquidity and we need to address it fast. I will try to set up a meeting tomorrow.  Rick 
 I am in Washington all week (until Friday) but may be available by phone. Rick Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I know there is lots going on but I would like to resign from the Board of Mariner asap. I am having trouble devoting enough time to this function and feel it would be better if I turned it over to someone else. Dave Gorte in my group would be my recommendation as a replacement. If Dave does not have an interest, Brad Larson could also fill in. Any thoughts? If you have no issues I will proceed. Thanks, Rick 
 Effective immediately, I want to sign all Dashes for RAC. I have asked Dave to continue reviewing the deals and initial the Dash but I want to sign them. This will enable me to be more on top of transactions and also allow me to relate to the other things that are going on. Thanks for your cooperation.  Rick 
 can you explain this to me? tx rick 
 I can comment on trade behavior and margin if appropriate. Rick 
 Mary- attached is the non password protected version. This is the bare bones list of people I need, which is a 47% reduction. Also included is a list of recommended bonuses to keep some of them. Let me know if it meets your needs. I will modify it any way your heart desires. Rick 
 Does this impact our discussion of yesterday? By the way, Richard Sanders was very helpful in helping me deal with this. Rick 
 Bill- I have revised presentation. Do you want to see it again? Rick 
 Greg- we plan to counter at indicated discount. Let me know if you disagree. Rick 
 Fyi rick Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Did you send out a global message from me? I have received many replies that message is undeliverable. You can reply via email. Rick Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 How so. I have tried my best over the years to improve deal quality to an audience that usually told me that I was irrelevant. Suggest you get facts before judging anyone. Rick Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Please send me an email. Is Cassandra there today? Rick Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I am somewhat surprised a Buffet or KKR hasn't done that very thing. Rick 
 This is what you are talking about?  Rick 
 Thanks for the information on the GB 58. This boat far exceeds what I want. After the show I concluded that  either a 42 or 46 foot classic is most appropriate for my needs. Would like to also consider the 36 foot model. Thanks for the info though and keep me in mind. I enjoyed talking to you at the boat show and my wife was quite sold on the GB line (after looking at most everything there in detail).  As I mentioned I am in no particular rush as I probably have a year before I want to go forward on this but if something exciting came up, either new or used, I may be interested. Again, I would need your help in obtaining appropriate dockage( in someone's backyard!)  Thanks, Rick Buy 
 Karen- please circulate to all RAC worldwide. Tx Rick   It is with great sorrow that I must announce the passing of Andy Knight, manager in the Market Risk Group. Andy succumbed to cancer on Feb. 22, 2001 and will have funeral services in Florida. There may be a memorial service here in Houston arranged through his church but details have not been announced. Please contact Veronica Valdez for details.  Andy was with RAC and Enron only briefly before being diagnosed, but made a real impact especially on those that worked closely with him. Andy had  a warm and personable style, which along with his technical capability, made him a real asset to the group. He will be missed. 
 I approve this request. Thanks, Rick Buy 
 Can you guys make a meeting on March 12 at 10am to discuss something with above group? Rick 
 I attend a regular meeting with AA and Rick Causey discussing EES internal controls. They have asked for a detailed presentation on :  -EAM business -Tariff curve summary and positions against those curves -Credit issues in general.  I will try and get more details for this but we should get together soon and get it organized. EES may attend but not present. I think we should give them an overview of the business and what needs to be accomplished in each of the above areas. Probably a one hour mtg but maybe two. Lets try to meet next week.  Karen- please set up.  Tx Rick - 
 ???????????????????????????????????????????? Rick 
 Do I want to be represented by someone named lawless? Rick Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Was speaking w/ Lavo today on a different matter and he mentioned you were a great help to him in managing his world and was quite complementary overall. I can count on one hand how often this happens in RAC so keep it up.  Great job. Thanks, Rick 
 need to know more. focused on trading? or assets? rick 
 What conference? Rick 
 Spoke with Ben Glisan re our conversation on retail credit and concluded that we should meet with some banks that specialize in this area. Can you prepare a brief presentation that would serve as a discussion document for such a meeting. The concept is that a deal flows into a website?? that is basically a checklist and the transaction is sized and scoped. If it met deal criteria and portfolio requirements, it would flow directly to an outside shop that would fund, bill, track etc. Enron could possibly keep a small interest in economics and of course a skim.  Lets review presentation, then discuss with Ben/Andy and Janet D.  and proceed to banks. Ben is clearing idea with Delaney. We are shooting for a Friday (23) meeting.  Thanks, Rick 
 fyi, rick 
 fine by me, rick 
 The Board meeting has concluded and I can now focus on the task force. The following people in RAC have been assigned to this effort as follows:  Legacy Opportunity  Molly Harris Teresa Seibel James Copeland Michael Tribolet Jay Hachen Minal Dalia Don Rollins Rick Carson Jeff Soo Debbie Brackett Sue Vasan  On Going Opportunities  Denise Fury Mark Wilson Dana Smith Andrew Greer Martin O'leary Jay Hachen Dave Gorte Darren Schmidt Vladi Gorny David Port Jeff Soo  This is a huge commitment of staff from RAC and will strain us no end, but it is necessary. If you want RAC to lead this effort I will appoint Michael Tribolet to manage the task. If you want someone else to manage the  effort we will assist as we can. Regardless of who leads this effort we need following:  Commitment of EES back office staff people Commitment of IT resources Commitment of Skilling to fund the overage to the RAC budget, which I am under huge pressure to reduce, not increase.  Let me know how to launch this program.  Rick 
 No- I'm meeting w/ Bradford at 11 to discuss. Want to join us? Rick 
 Great news. Thanks for the heads up. Rick 
 No problem publishing- fake numbers, fake names and the real deal was not done. Should be pretty safe. Rick 
 I should have sent a copy of this to you as well. FYI Rick 
 I'll be in New York. They will have to fly solo on this. Rick 
 What do you think. Probably ok I guess. Rick 
 No further Board approval is required. I'm told that new products on EOL require the lawyers to get involved but that will happen when you request to put the product online. Rick 
 fyi, rick 
 You may have an interest in this. FYI Rick 
 As mentioned in our floor meeting recently, attached are listings of teams that we are forming to better address the business needs of Enron as it expands both in volume and scope. Supervisors of each RAC sub group provided the names for the groups with the understanding that they may have to be adjusted from time to time. Only the more senior people were included, but others will be included as appropriate. Many will have to be multidimensional. There will be no formal leader of the teams because each member is responsible for the activities of the team, regardless of the RAC group that you are in. Following are several thoughts concerning this process for consideration.  -	The purpose of this exercise is to better serve the customer, the commercial business units and achieve this within our control framework. -	Ancillary benefits include cross training of RAC employees and heightened awareness of RAC issues. "De-silo-ization" . -	All existing reporting relationships remain unchanged, for the moment. -	Successful implementation of this effort will require a positive attitude among the teams. -	Existing RAC responsibilities remain in effect. - 	Teams should meet weekly, at least, to discuss issues. Transactions will require more frequent informal meetings. -	There are no excuses for forgetting to consider the impact on a deal of credit, market risk or our portfolio. -	All team members are responsible for all aspects of a transaction. Offer to help out if needed. -	If formal cross-training is necessary, force it to happen. -	Encourage weak links in team to perform. -	Each quarter RAC management will conduct portfolio reviews of the business unit with the team present. This may take one quarter to implement. -	If it makes sense to sit together for logistical reasons try to arrange it with your supervisor. -	Individual performance on the teams will be strongly considered in the PRC and compensation processes.  The existing EES team has been quite successful and in large part was a catalyst to the recent reorganization there. You can have an impact.  This process should begin immediately.  Thanks in advance for your cooperation in this effort.  Rick 
 Are you alive? How is your health? Is stress a big part of your life?  Hope all is well. You are doing a great job there for us but if it gets to be too much we'll try to help. I noticed that west power has already made a fortune this year so it must be crazy.  Rick 
 This was an excellent response. No need to take too much grief though. Rick 
 Jeff- this guy sent me this email. Probably not any interest to you, but you can decide.  Rick 
 Please include Bill Bradford if possible. Tx Rick 
  Unfortunately I will be talking with the SEC next week. If you think Dave Gorte could help in this feel free to invite him to your meeting. Rick 
 What type of projects? If you give me a brief description of what you are referring to I can forward to the correct person. Thanks, R. Buy 
 Check out this site. Rick   http://www.laconiamcweek.com/ 
 Since my daughter is going over to London it prompted me to see if that would be a good time for me to come as well. Then week of March 5. I could stay a day or two if needed. Any thoughts? Rick 
 This is fine by me. Rick Buy 
 thanks- now i  just have to convince jeff-- rick 
 The original message is encrypted using Lotus Notes Public and Private Key security.  Encrypted messages cannot be migrated to Microsoft Exchange Server. 
 Thanks for the feedback. I sent my best guy there so I hope there is improvement. We have been talking to a candidate for credit that Ted will be discussing with you soon. Hopefully we can make progress there also. I want complete buy in from you and John on this guy before we proceed.  Separately, the scrap metals meeting we had with Causey went well. We will reconvene in two weeks to see where we are.  Thanks again for the feedback. I was a little worried about Ted after the MD disappointment but it seems he has recovered.   Rick 
 Sounds fine to me. Does it make sense to run resume past Brown and Sherriff prior to bringing him over? Also, is the idea he would be a director, sr director or vp? Each of these paths has consequences as you know. Rick 
 Louise- We need to get Netco people and UBS off the floor on 28. It is demoralizing to the remaining estate people and I am having a huge problem keeping people in their seats. Three have quit this week and we need the ones that remain. Can you make this happen rapidly? Thanks, Rick 
 I liked him alot. Seems ready, willing and able to make a move. What are your thoughts? Rick 
 Thanks for your note. I want to wish you the best of luck in EES. As far as RAC's issues with EES, I would suggest getting together with Tribolet and getting some of the lists that have been put together as part of the task force. I would also suggest attending the task force meeting, providing EES management is agreeable, to get a better picture of what is going on.  Again, I hate to see you go but it will still be value added to RAC and Enron. Have fun!!  Rick 
 Ted tells me you guys have already taken action on this which greatly relieves me. I did not want this procrastinated on. I have a meeting scheduled with Rick Causey and will get up to speed on what exactly what has transpired prior to that meeting. Thanks for giving this your immediate attention. Rick 
 A "Doorstep" inspection of this business was performed in accordance with our procedures and apparently this business is a disaster!!! We need immediate action on this up to and including shutting it down. This was the worst we have seen at Enron and I don't even want to put in this email what I heard was going on there.  We need a coordinated solution here asap to avoid a real disaster, if there isn't one already. I'll speak with Rick Causey here about what immediate action we should take but the more you guys can dig into this the better. More to come.  Rick 
 Please print and file tx rick 
 Thanks- I am very interested in this business so if I can help let me know. Tx Rick 
 The above transaction was presented to the Board on 1-29-2001. There was considerable discussion which I have summarized below.  Returns: were the returns sufficient to syndicate the risk. I answered positively, which is what the capital price addresses. The dash return is a blended debt and equity return.(?)  Was the $19 million excess proceeds enough to allow the company to operate. I answered yes since 85% of reserves are producing and little capital will be needed to develop pdnp and pud reserves.  Is management capable of operating or will they be in chapter 11 again soon. I answered that the bankruptcy was a result of overpaying for Wyoming deal and low commodity prices last two years which resulted in a bb decrease below outstanding. We will have to watch this issue carefully.  Are banks reluctant to support KCS and could this cause a liquidity problem? Answered that all creditors were made whole and likely that someone will come into credit but it was a risk, although for the time being they had enough cash to operate.  This feedback is just for fyi but it does indicate that board is active and not a rubber stamp.  Rick 
 Karen- please print this out and file somewhere. tx rick 
 Please be sure this is in some legal record or something so I don't have problems with this in the future. Thanks, Rick 
 Craig, received another statement showing another service charge. We should probably cancel this account. Rick Buy 
 Janet - thanks for your note. Following are my thoughts. First, I am not going to Netco. (Long story). Second, I have spoken with Ken Lay and Jeff McMahon about the continuation of RAC and my leading it. They both want RAC to continue and want me to lead it and also combine an internal audit function with RAC as well (to be determined more definitively).  Jim has also requested that some RAC folks be near his operation as you have which I totally understand. I think I will assign a couple people to his floor but keep the bulk of our operation on 28. We have counterparty credit files on 15,000 counterparties as well as Dash libraries and other info that require large secure space.  My final issue is that I have had three credit people leave this week so my situation is getting critical. I need to get Netco people away from 28 and get remaining RAC people sitting together and feeling like a team. Everyone is looking and the market is hot for our credit and market risk people.  I hope this addresses your issue.  Rick 
 Maybe have her contact Ted since he is in London??? Rick 
 Phone numbers for Ted Murphy, Anne=wife  Work	020-778-35005 Home	020-7937-2051 Cell	78815-12144  They are very nice and are expecting you and Rebecca. Feel free to ask them for advice, help or whatever. If something happens and you need money I'll pay Ted back. Have fun, Love Dad. 
 Wow!! Quite the atricle. Great job. You should publish it in business week or fortune. Thanks for sending me a copy. Rick Buy 
 ted fyi, rick 
 It is critical that RAC speak as one here. Be sure to coordinate with Tribolet and Hachen on this stuff. Rick 
  fyi, rick 
 no problemo rick 
 I like this. Tx Rick 
 I may have caused some confusion regarding a credit person in New York. Karen left me a message that a new credit person in NY had started and wanted to meet me since she was in Houston. Turns out it was Bridgett Frazer who Bryan hired for Credit.com. Sorry for confusion. Rick 
 Looks great. Is it a fraternity or sorority. Love, Dad PS Mom is home. 
 fyi 
 yes, assuming you don't have an objection. i thought you were attending these meetings already but there are so many of them i get confused. rick 
 yes, tx rick 
  Stephanie- can you fax this guy a blank dash. Tx Rick 
 The names on this list seem very expensive to me. Do we really need this council? Rick Buy 
 please put this on my calendar. tx rick 
 no, rick 
 Wanted to apologize for running out on you in our meeting in London. Unfortunately, you just can't keep Frevert waiting, especially when he wants to have a beer. Lets catch up when you are in Houston. Rick 
  Elizabeth- I think it best that at this stage I opt out of this engagement. The situation I described to you is looking more and more like it is going to happpen and there is a real possibility I am totally engaged by the time this conference comes around. I am sorry if this poses a problem for you but there should be plenty of time to arrange an alternate. Rick 
 Agree- thats what I thought when I met with her over there. Why don't you give her a call and try to arrange something. One thing I would rather not pay any relocation expenses since she is moving on her own accord. Have Suttle call her also. Tx Rick 
 fyi 
 Congrats!!!! Rick 
 I think we will try to want to make this work for you. Bill Bradford and/or John Suttle will be contacting you. Tx Rick Buy 
 Karen- talked to Whalley on this. He said he is going to kill deal but needs to do it carefully so he doesn't de-motivate people. So I guess we should keep working on it but it most likely won't go anywhere. A big concern Enron has now is that we have $7 billion of int'l assets and the fear is that we lose people and no one will be around to monitor and operate these assets. You need to use discretion on this but not waste too much time. Rick 
 ok 
 Tim- Thanks for your note. Before Janet D. left she had requested additional resources and we began making arrangements to get people in place. We have assigned Tracy Ngo, Ed Sacks, Paul Radous and Wendy Conwell to power. We also have moved other RAC people into credit, Mark Ruane (VP), Ken Curry (Dir), and Carol North (Mgr). Unfortunately it takes some time to get these people trained on transactional credit issues but they should come along quickly. We are in the market for more.  It might be helpful to know if we could clone Tracy, how many would you need, given your plans in the market. Tracy is one of our best people. Also, does being in Houston work or do we need resources in Portland.  I'll meet w/ Tracy next week when she is in Houston and get her views as well.  Please don't hesitate to let me know if we aren't keeping up and of course if you are gearing up for a new market push and anticipate additional needs let us know ASAP because there is a 12 month or so training period required for a strong performer to get up the Enron curve. Thanks, Rick 
 Ted- I gave my pass to Mark Frevert who was going to return it for me. I guess he didn't. I'll leave him a message. Rick 
 Norm Tourangeau of B of A 212-836-5523  Please call re collateral Tx, Rick 
 Here is an application for George when he retires. Rick 
 I see no reason not to except they rotate out in a year. Maybe we could have them rotate to another group in RAC. We need bodies so my vote would be to take him if he passes our test. Rick 
 I'm in. Maybe we could form a committee so Mark could be on it. He could even chair it if he was up to it. Regards,  Rick Buy  Executive Vice President Chief Risk Officer and member of VP PRC Committee Enron Corp. 
 thats really below the belt 
 It has been unreal. Would like to catch up. I may need a job! Looks like UBS has bought our trading operation which includes me for the moment anyway. Hope all is well on your end. Rick 
 I think it would be best if we sent a team to you office for a day or two. If we did it here it would be difficult to get people's attention for anything other than a minute. Let me know your thoughts. Rick 
 I didn't realize everything was here. Lets set a date and get after it. Rick 
  fyi, rick 
  fyi, rick 
 probably not worth the time. i think it is kind of a rehearsal. rick 
  Do you guys think these meetings are still necessary? Rick (I don't) 
  fyi- we need to discuss, rick 
 I left Skilling a message on this. Lets see what he has to say. Rick 
 Rudi- I still have a hard time visualizing the risk here, other than pure dilution, which I guess we care about. There must be a way to communicate this issue graphically or with an example presented on a well thought out spreadsheet. If you (we) don't figure out a way to communicate the problem here we have no chance of winning the battle. Rick 
 I am out of office this week and will be unable to fill out questionaire. I have no personal transactions with any Enron entity. Hopefully this can wait until Monday. Rick Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 We can help you interview. Bradford and Port can really help in this process but its best if you screen them first. As far as dates go we have an Enron BOD mtg coming up which totally consumes us. This meeting is in early May, so after mid April it starts to get crazy. It would be easier for me if you gave me a couple dates and I will see if we can accommodate. Rick 
   Spoke with Louise Kitchen on another matter but unprompted she mentioned she really valued the watch list work as well as the snapshot effort. She actually raved about the whole effort. Keep up the good work and let the group know it is valued. Now just do it faster and more efficiently so you  can do other stuff as well!!! Rick 
 thanks for checking- it is unusual that they post interest daily. rick 
 Shawn- thanks for info. We have done a lot on retail credit effort and should probably have a meeting to update everyone. I'll try to set something up. Rick 
  fyi,rick 
 Thank-you for your prompt response. R. Buy 
 fyi, pls review, tx, rick 
 Probably unnecessary to attend regularly from my point of view but I have no issue either way. I think it is a good idea to meet monthly with Causey. Rick 
 We have received a request to change UK power limit from $12.6MM VAR to $35MM. Quite sizeable but I spoke with Richard Lewis and he seemed convinced it was necessary. Do you guys agree? What if it were $20MM? Skilling will definitely ask why such a large increase so I need to have your full support. Rick 
 I believe the following series of emails is a colossal waste of time. Lets get risks into books, risk systems working, options valued and into books.It seems we are trying to build a race car when there are no roads. Rick 
 I'll attend in person. Tx Rick 
 I think they will get the point. Rick 
 This is the site. http://www.meredith-hd.com/bikeweek.htm   It refers to other sites. Rick 
  Attached is the list Karen gave me for the PRC members. Seems like a long list. Can we shorten?  If not I guess it is ok, it will just take longer and be harder to reach consensus. Rick 
 Better get after this quickly. Are we working on this already? Rick 
 This is a good article, on balance. Interesting how utilities have charged the highest rates. Tx, Rick 
 How does this list sound for committee.  Bradford Brackett Rohauer Carson Lowry Gorte Petersen Murphy Davies Herbelot Port Schultz Ruane Buy Heathman  Let me know. Tx. Rick 
 Good ideas. I want to meet with all groups soon to see how progress is going. Will start scheduling soon. Rick 
 Dick Foster is a consultant to the Board of Directors who works for Mckenzie. Each BOD meeting he wants to meet with a group and we are on the list. I talked to Rebecca Carter and suggested we present him the bank presentation and she thought that was a good idea. Please make yourself available for this. Ted - if you can stay an extra day it would be helpful but not essential if you need to get back. Let me know. Tx Rick 
  fyi 
 I think the daily IT issue meeting has been quite successful in addressing problems in systems and working toward resolution on systems related issues. I would like to expand the scope of this meeting to include daily operational issues as well.  I plan on restarting my attendance at these meetings on Wednesday. Can the RAC people listed above please make a start at some of the recurring issues.  Thanks, Rick 
 Probably can't on Monday. Have a great trip. Rick 
 Sally- got your voice mail as well. Don't want to create more meetings. Just had a total of three market risk people quit or transfer and each one said one of the considerations was they spent so much time on operational issues that they weren't developing as they should analyzing portfolio risk. I think it might be best if we have a meeting or two and see what issues are identified. It may be better to split in two meetings as you suggested. I need to hear what the nature of the problems are. Some I know like ees, metals, uk power but I think there may be some other fundamental issues that are hindering progress here. No need for you to attend. I will let you know what we come up with including if there are no issues at all! Rick 
 Recall that Jeff had several requests when we met with him. I asked you to write them down. Did you? Have we done all of them? Can you give me an update? Tx Rick 
 good 
  Why are we paying someone to do this? I think we should transfer Keith to credit full time and put his analysis capabilities to use. Rick 
 We have submitted your request for $30 million of UK Power VAR to the Board for approval. I thought about this issue a lot before doing so because I don't feel we are fully in control of the infrastructure there and a large limit can add to the danger. My understanding is that there is an IT and backoffice effort underway to improve this situation and it needs to have focus to complete. Please keep the pressure on over there to get the infrastructure where it needs to be. Thanks, Rick 
 Is this the deal you referenced at the exec comm (B) meeting ? Or is there another one. I asked my guys to check if we had seen deal. Rick 
 fyi, they forgot you! rick 
 My vote would be to initiate a claim, as I want to see if it works and how much hassle is involved. We should have a meeting to get everyone's view. I will get Karen to set up. Tx Rick (Karen- please set up a half hour mtg w/ Causey, Bill, Glisan and Jeff Hodge. Time sensitive so we need in next couple days. Tx Rick 
  Bill-I asked Joe to put this together. fyi, Rick. Fwd to Molly 
 thanks for the note. these events aren't cheap so it is nice to know they are worth while to some. rick 
 Be happy to spend some time with them. Am around all weekend if need be. Rick 
 these files are password protected. what is this for? rick 
 why? 
  fyi- rick 
 fyi 
 Blaise- I have distributed your resume internally to a couple places. We have no people needs right now, (just the opposite), but maybe one of the other groups does. Will let you know if anything pops. Rick 
  Since you are in charge of career development- I want to be President, soon= . Seriously, you should probably meet with me or some of the group leaders = in RAC so you have a clear picture (in case you don't) of what we do. I'd b= e happy to meet with you as would Dave Gorte. Let me know if this would be = valuable for you. Tx Rick 
 The city buys power? Has PA been downgraded due to dot com flops? Rick 
 Good job! Reserve is low, historically speaking. Rick 
 I will think about it. We are achieving the correct outcome here but the timing is off. Concentrate on Caulfield and Oman. Get Brown involved to make sure we get those guys. Use Ene options as a currency to entice them. Upside much better than Chase/JP. Just a thought. Rick 
 Ted, my comments are indicated below. 
 David- can you get w/ Sharon Sullo and provide this. Tx Rick 
 I am on the Board of Mariner and attended a Board meeting last week discussing company. They are looking as good as I've seen them since the inception of the deal. It might be a good time to consider selling. Probably still couldn't get it off at book but closer than ever before. Just a thought. (As if you didn't have anything else to do.) Rick 
 As with muni bonds, it is nice to be able to just raise taxes to cover your costs. (Unless you are the taxpayer). Tx for update, Rick 
 looks good to me. jeff may want to just sign deals quickly without explanation as he does often on dashes. rick 
  do you want to talk to this lady? i don't. rick 
 No interest in participating. As you can imagine Enron gets a large number of similar requests and I have adopted a policy of not cooperating, purely from a time management standpoint. Sorry, Rick Buy 
 Can you help here? Rick 
 I will look into this. Get back to you soon Rick 
  Can we discuss this? Rick 
 No, I already told her there was no interest at Enron. No need to pursue. Rick 
 I hate to ask you to make yet another trip. However, there is probably nothing more important right now given markets view of us as a trading company. ?Let me check w/ Despain on pulse here. Get back to you. Rick 
 Andy- I will be out of office until friday. My mother in law had a heart attack on new years day and I'm dealing with that but will be flying back thurs pm and in office friday. If big pig people want to talk to me specifically I'll meet with them at their office or whatever. Rick 
 EGM has the largest number of trading books in the company with over 500 active books and despite this you guys do the best job getting worldwide information to us in a timely and accurate fashion. (I wish I could get the rest of the company to this point). I'm told that the people referenced below have contributed in a big way to this effort. Thanks for the effort. Rick 
 Will be out of town. Thanks anyway. Rick 
 Heard back from Tim. Please plan on attending. Port, Bradford, you and I will attend from RAC. Moody's is having trouble with our loss of $694MM that I told them when they were here. We need to start pulling together explicitly why we lost so much in one day, what the var limits were that day and what has been the experience since then. Tx Rick 
 i would like more detail if we have it tx rick 
 David Port should be contacting you shortly. We are in a major revamp of the policy and limits etc. Has to be submitted for next Board Meeting. I don't think there is appetite for increasing overall risk in Enron (corp var) so the allocation becomes critical. Should be an interesting discussion. More to come. Rick 
 Were we involved in transaction? Did we run any numbers. Were we at the meeting with Skilling? Was corporate development involved? Who? Rick 
 tx, rick 
 thanks for heads up. i will let you know how meeting goes. rick 
 I can meet wed pm. Can you? Call Karen to schedule. Tx Rick 
 meeting was postponed because whalley going to london. need next week. tx rick 
 I am planning on being out all week. I will call in. I assume you will provide a number. Thanks, Rick Buy (Happy New Year) 
 looks good to me. rick 
 Is this who you were going to consult for? Rick 
 Looks fine to me. No comments. Rick 
 We seem to have resolved billing/account  difficulties. Would like to talk to you about setting up a system to manage cash so it can be in place and functional when I decide I have had enough of this place. Give me a call next week if you can. Thanks, Rick 
 Vlady- you may have to do this for me as I will be in NYC the day before with Moody's and there is a chance I will be delayed. We should develop what we want to say together so either of us can speak. Tx Rick 
  fyi,rick 
 Dave- we can act as a check on this. Be sure all underwriters are aware. Tx Rick 
  This looks great. Send it out. Rick 
 Just between you and I, I think there may be an issue here of a couple personalities. We can't have that in your group or mine. I'll watch carefully.  On the subject of timing, we should probably have a standard to shoot for. Time to read contract, run model, review results and communicate. I'll talk to Bill about this.  On the issue of the hotline, we do not have everyone trained in running models for EES deals. We are working on getting more people up to speed. Thanks,  Rick 
  Will you take a stab at this w/ Hughes. Rick 
 Louise- Any notion of amount of risk bidders are comfy with, both credit and market? I doubt anything specific has been discussed but have any ranges been thrown out. Hope all is well. Happy New Year. Rick 
 Jim- J Block was just a gas contract. At Enron, risk is controlled through one of two mechanisms: a book structure with approved limits and daily reporting of P&L or through a one off approval of a Dash. No risk should be taken on outside of these boundaries. Even though there is no capital, a gas contract contains market and credit risk and should be approved, providing it doesn't fit into a book. Rick 
  Lets discuss this. Rick 
 They need to post more cash. Let me know. Maybe a call to Cronin. Rick 
  Bill- fyi, Rick 
  Billy- would like to attend but will be out of town. Rick 
  more pressure. rick 
 I would like to attend this as well. Rick (Unless it would be disruptive) 
 do you guys think this is worthwhile? i think it might be interesting to see what others are doing. $75k rick 
  fyi, rick 
 Bill- can you attend a joint ews/ees coordination mtg on the 18th. Will be all day. Janet wants either you or I there but I have Spec Tech PRC that day. Can't delegate it. Rick 
  fyi, please send org chart, tx rick 
 Ted- I'm in New Hampshire. Will be to end of next week unless I get ordered back or fired. Hope all is well. Happy Holidays. Rick 
 yes, i may attend in the am before the prc. rick 
 Thanks for note. Sounds like good progress on people side. It seems, like many things, that a huge effort is followed by a period of nothing, but eventually the balls that have been rolling generate enuf  "mo" to make a difference. Rick 
 Thanks for note. I recall our conversation. I've had surgery but as you know the worry is did they get it all? Surface tissue of tongue on bottom right. This is so weird since I don't smoke or dip which are the primary risk factors. Thanks for your concern and I will let you know how this goes. I have found that information control is critical so please don't discuss with anyone. I go back to MDA in a month for follow-up visit (ultra sound of lymph nodes). Rick 
 OK but this is a tree and I want to focus on the forest. A few facts on this may be helpful to understand the forest. Also, be sure to coordinate with Ted on London stuff. Tx Rick 
 Lets cancel for the moment. Bring up at next staff meeting. Rick 
 Karen- please set up a meeting on this with Bill B and whoever he wants to attend. Next week if possible. Tx Rick 
 Tx, Rick 
 Thanks for note. I may need your help here as I won't be able to filter stuff as much as I usually do so if my guys are reviewing something that looks way off let me know.  Also, spoke with Pug re joint meeting and he nthinks we need 2 hours for it and probably won't be able to discuss international assets and lessons learned this time around.Is there anyway we can increase time for joint meeting to 2 hours, and have audit and finance as well? Pug really wants to leave adequate time to discuss limits etc. He also wants to be sure that all BOD feel they are invited. How do we do that? Rick 
 At least you know you are out of control. That is partial success. Thanks for note. Rick 
 looks ok to me-  rick 
 Scott- I discussed the sale of Mariner's deepwater assets with Dave Gorte and he confirmed that any sale would require both creditors committee and bankruptcy court approval prior to consummation of the deal. We don't believe there would be any issue with the sale. I hope this is consistent with your understanding. Rick Buy 
  Whats up with this comment?? Rick 
 i think i did this properly. any way you can check? rick 
 What is status of this? Rick 
 Maybe we need to rethink entire process. I haven't been totally comfortable with it anyway but it hasn't been high enuf on the list. Maybe after BOD mtg. Rick 
 Did this lady contact you? Rick 
 A great tool, launched from the right platform. We are definitely making progress around here. Keep it up. Rick 
 Enron's 2001 United Way Campaign focuses on making a difference to people severely impacted by the recent flood "Allison".  All business units and Corporate functions will be participating in a Day of Caring, teaming with the following United Way agencies: Jewish Community Center, YMCA, Neighborhood Centers, and Center for the Retarded.  The Corporate functions and EGAS employees' Day of Caring is on Wednesday, August 8, 2001, and we will be teaming with the Jewish Community Center to provide assistance to senior citizen meals-on-wheels beneficiaries.  Activities that will be completed that day include painting, yard work, landscaping, cleaning, and various home repairs.  The Jewish Community Center provides community services to individuals regardless of religious orientation.  These services include: childcare, youth development, summer day camp, meals-on-wheels and congregate meals to the elderly, health and recreation programs, dance, drama and music programs, refugee services and other community services.  The Jewish Community Center is responsible for providing approximately 40% of Houston/Harris County meals-on-wheels per day.  Funding comes from a combination of federal and state programs, the United Way and individuals.  I encourage every single employee  to take at least half of your day on August 8th to participate in this effort.  RAC's goal is 100% participation.  It is a unique opportunity to truly make a difference in someone's quality of life, and you will be able to see first hand how your United Way contributions improve the lives of people in our own community.  Below are our United Way contacts within each group that will be helping with this process and can answer any questions.  Please sign up with your team leader by designating whether you are interested in participating for a full day, or for which half of the day, and they will review with each function's department head to ensure appropriate RAC coverage for that day's responsibilities.  Thank you in advance for volunteering your time.  Let's show everyone that RAC is dedicated to helping those that are less fortunate.  Rick   Enron Corp. Day of Caring RAC Representatives: Cassandra Schultz and Rebecca Phillips  RAC Day of Caring Team Leaders: Underwriting:			Cindy Hudler Credit Risk:			Darren Vanek Market Risk:			Rita Hennessy Portfolio Management:		Becky Caudle Compliance:			Shelli Smith 
 I didn't see where she said it was mismarked. I  have been seeing your comments on this validation process and I do think we (RAC) can improve here. I've asked David Port to dig in and make some recommendations. Rick 
 Great job and great team. Stick to your guns going forward. Rick 
 Today WSJ article on page 1 is good example of what we try to capture. They weren't MTM'ing their junk bond portfolio and it went against them. They were also trying to increase earnings by taking on more risk, without the risk system in place. They fired cfo and are looking for a risk person!! Good reading. FYI, Rick 
 Another one. Rick 
 Approve as written. Rick 
 She needs a higher prc rating for an office. rick 
 David - I already apprised Whalley of this issue. He is thinking about it. Rick 
 As we discussed, please verify or have verified by IT, the email and calendar access of Ted Murphy relative to Veronica Valdez. Have all such access disconnected if you find it connected. Thanks, Rick Buy 
  fyi, rick 
 Great!!!!. Rick 
 Great. If we have any inkling of a sale it should probably be mentioned at this BOD meeting. We can call an executive committee when an actual approval is required but August can be real tough with vacations. Thanks for update. Rick 
  Any interest? Rick 
 FYI Hope this helps. Rick 
 As you are now aware, the United Way Campaign has now kicked-off and RAC is very much an important part of the efforts and activities that have been and will be taking place.  First of all, Monday morning, each of you should have received a small package of Lego building blocks and a schedule of United Way activities for the week.  The building blocks symbolize Enron's commitment to "Building Houston's Future" with the United Way and the schedule outlines the coming activities that Enron employees will be engaging in to show support for the United Way Agencies and the Houston community.  To highlight this week's activities:  On Wednesday, August 8, many of our RAC colleagues will be participating in the 2001 Enron Days of Caring.  The Enron Corporate Team, of which RAC is a large and important part, will be providing assistance to the Jewish Community Center.  If you have already volunteered to play a role in this activity--thank you.  If you have not had an opportunity to volunteer and would like to, please contact any one of this year's RAC United Way Campaign Coordinators--Cindy Hudler, Rebecca Phillips, Darren Vanek, Shelli Smith, Becky Caudle, Cassandra Schultz or Chip Schneider.  On Friday, August 10, Enron will host an Appreciation Event in Antioch Park which will include a complimentary lunch from Chick-Fil-A and activities to celebrate Enron employee efforts during the week.  Included in this event will be the Building Block Challenge contest featuring managers from around Enron including Dave Gorte and Chip Schneider on the Corporate Team.  Please plan on coming out to join-in the celebration and support our colleagues.  Of course, underlying all of the planned activities is the financial need that the Houston area United Way Agencies have for the Year 2002.  This year has been extraordinary due to the flooding and devastation experienced by the Houston area during Tropical Storm Alison.  In addition to providing their typical day-to-day community services, many United Way Agencies played a crucial role in the recovery effort and still provide support to those affected by the storm.  A contribution to the United Way this year is as important as ever given the extraordinary need.  Remember approximately $0.90 out of every $1.00 go directly to benefit our friends, neighbors and fellow citizens in the Houston area.  I sincerely encourage you to support RAC's objective of 100% participation in this aspect of the Campaign by making a contribution.  Contributions can be made by clicking on the Enron Human Resources website at https://hrglobal.enron.com.  Thanks for your support.  Best regards,  Rick 
 FYI, me 
 Unfortunately, I will be on vacation. Dave Gorte in my group would be a goo= d candidate to attend if you think appropriate. Tx, Rick Buy 
 After reviewing the Doorstep audit at Long Beach with the team I have the following conclusion:  1. We should shut these offices down because we can not control them. They don't make much money and will be a huge negative after losses at Long Beach.  ---or----  2. We establish a rigid template for how these offices operate. My thought is that we create a McDonalds Hamburger type operation. Each office is exactly the same and operates under precise and well communicated rules. "Hamburger" quality is monitored from Houston routinely.  There are a huge number of these remote offices so we need to address how we proceed.  Any thoughts? Rick 
 Sounds interesting but I am sort of long people at the moment. I bet Fastow could use him. Rick 
 fyi, rick 
 Looks accurate to me. Rick Buy 
 Jeff, sorry about the meeting but BOD meeting is next week and we all have to jump for it. Rick 
 Glad to help. Good luck- seemed like a tough crowd. Rick 
 Any news here? Rick 
 There is a lot of heat building on this. Where are we now. Rick 
 tx, rick 
 I have received nothing as yet. JC/Paul will be my first call when and if I do. Rick 
 Will be on vacation but wish MK the best of luck. Rick 
 I would like to extend my appreciation to you and all who contributed to the preparation of the Audit, Finance (and combined) meetings books, policies, simulations, calculations and machinations involved in this effort. It was huge. I would be happy to sponsor a happy hour if anyone is interested. I will not be able to attend but would love to. Please pass along to all in group.  I will be out after today's meetings for a while but I can be reached and I will occasionally check email and voice mail.  Rick 
  fyi, rick 
 I agree. Given that Andy's world is expanding (corp dev) he may be even less accessible. I'll discuss with Andy and Ben. Rick 
 Any issues? Rick 
 Had a miscommunication. I will talk to Janus. What should I say? Rick 
 fyi- is nymex in world trade bldg? rick 
 Was out of town but back now. I asked my group to look at your note and apprise me. Will let you know when they do. Tx Rick 
 fyi, rick 
 I haven't done any feedback on anyone and I don't know how and I have a good excuse. If Sheila teaches me this week I will do it. Tx Rick 
 You were always good at spotting talent. Got any more openings? Rick PS My head has been in the bucket for a month. 
   Mr. Fleming:  Thanks so much for the helpful letter on membership and general information. Your letter indicated that I should make application through the Membership Committee, who would provide me with an application. You copied Cmde. Roth on the letter so I will contact him to request an application or schedule a meeting. (I have no contact information for him other than through the PYC, is that appropriate?)  I found a potential slip at Great Cove Boat Club and was wondering if you had heard of this marina and if other members used this facility.  Thanks again for getting back to me.  Richard (Rick) Buy  P.S. I heard on the news one of the pilots was from Portsmouth. So tragic. I'm sure people there are as devastated as they are here. 
 i don't like this. we must make a decision. rick 
  yes 
 Input is fine. You will have your hands full at tnpc. rick 
 Was Reilly crawling home when he saw you at the underpass? Be happy to get together either in office or breakfast/lunch. Give me a call. Rick 
 I get snail mail and file the statements. You should too.  You can view your account online, with a password, but keep getting written confirmations and statements. You never know if a plane might crash into their computers. Love, Dad (A time will come when you don't need paper but I don't think we are there yet.) 
   I was just thinking of the mountain of things going on, outside of normal stuff, and I decided to make a list. Here it is:  Formation of International Credit Group- Bradford/Murphy Curve Validation Issue-Port/Gorte Steel Issues-Bradford/Gorte Rocar Progress/Implementation-Gorte Operational Risk Metrics/Implementation-Curry EES???-All Bankruptcy Group-Gorte/Carson/Tribolet/Bradford Retail Credit-Bradford/Carson Private Equity Trading-Gorte Credit Consistency study- Buy  I think we should have a meeting to discuss above. Some are bigger than others. Organization and website need to adapt to current business environment.  If anything else belongs on this list let me know. Karen will set up meeting.  Rick 
 no 
 no, we have the rac seats for all of these games right? rick 
 Thanks for help. This is a tremendous service you guys provide. R. Buy 
 Is this still on? I met with Michael Levy also. Are they connected? Rick 
 I think you will find much more demand than you think for engineers, although the economy is suffering at the moment. It does not sound like this lady has her act together. I wish I knew more about biomedical engineers. You should talk to the head of the dept. and ask who is big in the industry and send them all letters with a resume attached. Don't worry at all about your resume right now, it is almost irrelevant. Your grade point average and salutatorian are relevant. There are very few female engineers in the workplace which will help you a lot. You could work for companies like Enron, Exxon, Shell for example but it would not be in your major. My guess is the major pharmaceutical firms may hire you but you need to research this. The first stop should be the head of the department. Lets talk more on this topic. Love, Dad 
 help!!! 
  fyi,pls handle tx rick 
 agree- there should be no issue whatsoever getting him promoted at ye rick 
 FYI Rick 
  fyi, rick 
 I worked there for 4 years, including the 93 bomb incident. This whole thing is beyond my imaginations ability to comprehend. Rick 
 My name is Rick Buy and I saw your note in Points East magazine indicating you could take on some new members. This sounds terrific to me. Are there still "opening"s?  I own a 25 foot Boston Whaler, am new to the area, and would like to meet some nice people and would like to join others on a cruise occasionally. My wife, Janice, likes boating as well but neither of us owns an ascot.  I would love to give you a call and discuss this but I thought I would write this email first.  Rick 
 I can't believe you finally got Vlady. You must have snuck in while I was on vacation.  By the way, Whalley, Port and I talked and decided we would try removing all your limits except var. Lets see how it works.  Rick 
 Does anyone ask how the reserve is split between deals? Also, do they ask is it can be reduced because of portfolio effect? Just curious. Rick 
 I'll attend in person. Tx Rick 
 Good job. Recoveries down sharply in '01 due to??? Rick 
 Now that Raptor is blown up, should we begin valuation efforts of assets and include in merchant portfolio. I am not familiar with details of how it unwound so I don't know what we are left with. Is this worth a meeting with you or your designesss? Rick 
  fyi, lets have a mtg. 
 I will attend both events. Tx, Rick 
 Ask Port. It was in an appendix to finance comm book. 2 mtgs ago i think. it had pug's q&a as well. Port will know what I'm talking about. Rick 
 Thanks, I'll keep in mind. Its unfortunate we have to develop expertise in this area. Rick 
  fyi?? rick 
  fyi, we are considering buying a server. rick 
 Have fun. You guys do a great job on the reporting info for BOD and it is appreciated. Rick 
 fyi 
 I recommend David Port for position of Vice President. Rick Buy 
 very good thought. i'll pursue. tx rick 
 lets discuss need gorte as well. rick 
 fyi 
 fyi- this sound familiar? rick 
 So noted. Watch is a defined term in our system but doesn't mean you don't "watch" everything else. So long, and may all your investments remain "performing". Rick 
 Why would they already have received "funds". Rick 
 Tx. I often wonder if all reserve amounts agreed to find there way to the general ledger reserve. Rick 
 I had my weekly update meeting with my team on metals and was quite encouraged by the report. Seems like real good progress on all fronts. As400 systems work, var implementation and trading results all seemed positive. Some issues around SAP/AS400 reconciliation but recognized.  Metals was one of my biggest worries but has slipped way down the list. Great work to your team.  Rick 
 i think i would to attend the weekly meeting with haedicke. can you get me invited? tx rick 
 Is this case consolidated as well as the others? Rick 
  fyi, any thoughts? rick 
 have fun 
 We should meet next week and discuss who is doing what to who in your group. I have lost  track of some of the names. Nice update, thanks. Rick 
 Ted- I am taking 10-18-01 off. I'll have my cell phone if needed. I informed McMahon about Bali Klockner. He was unaware of issue. Rick 
 will do. i keep losing people though so it changes the landscape. rick 
 Here it is I hope.  Rick 
 Be sure not to take 6.6 days. Rick 
 Ted- I talked to Fallon about this and he said someone was going to get on it. I understand your concern. Rick 
 I have fixed our slide. Rick 
 Liz- Trip and dinner meeting went well. I have receipts for expenses so if you can tell me how to process I will. Thanks for all your help. Rick Buy 
 Congrats big time. Best of luck and stay in touch. Rick Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Weather is bad here. Will be a while. If anyone asks just say I'm in Dallas and you don't know why. What a pain. Rick Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 It went well. Can you pick me Up at 11,09 am . Cont flt 659. Meet at arriving passenger area at lower level. Its raining here. Love me. Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 FYI- what is this? Do you need to be there? Rick Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Retained- Houston office. Tx, Rick 
 This has info on benefits you should read. Love, me 
 no some people are in both for the moment. rick 
 Bill- there is no issue with the garage as yet. Subsidy is still in place and bills are being paid per Steve Kean and Steve Woods. If you want to move to new garage it probably can be arranged. Let me know and I can get the person to get it started for you and anyone else. I think there is plenty of parking available. Rick 
 Any news on 16b status. There is a BOD meeting tonight. Rick 
 Fine my me. Rick 
 As we go into a possible deal with someone on Netco, we need to screen info transmitted to parties carefully and try to not send something if possible. If we need to transmit info out lets review it before it goes. Lavo or one of his people may want to review as well. Thanks Rick 
 fyi what is this??? rick 
 My office is fine. We will still meet prior to that as scheduled I presume. I also would like a debriefing on Friday's hearing. Thanks Rick Buy 
 Jim- Please add Michael Tribolet to EIM lead position for RAC. I will have a little crossover due to skill sets which I assume is ok, you really just need a lead to coordinate and manage the process. Lets meet on Monday. Can someone that is in Netco also be one of these coordinators? Rick 
 Lets discuss when you have a minute. Rick 
 Had a great meeting. I'm quite interested as I told Lyn. Thanks for your help in quickly setting this up. If you have any follow up comments don't hesitate to call. Rick Buy Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Thanks good job. You can Explain this to me next week or overthe weekend. Thanks again. Rick Buy Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Lyn- I was good to meet with you on Thursday. Its amazing how similar our issues are and the approaches we use to address them. I spoke with my wife and we concluded it is probably a great idea to pursue something outside of Enron so I would definitely like to continue our discussions if you think appropriate. Look forward to talking to you further.  Thanks, Rick Buy 
 Marcy- be happy to talk to him today or tomorrow. Give me a call. Rick Buy 713-853-4739 
 I need 45 minutes max for finance comm meeting. Rick 
 Yes- There are no deals to review and I don't attend board meetings anymore. Please get me off. Call me if you need more details. Tx Rick 
 I completely agree. Please take me off this list. Thanks, Rick 
 fyi, rick 
 thanks for note. laid off two thirds of staff on monday. have learned a tremendous amount and may go on lecture circuit. i wonder if a board of directors would pay to hear my story? all is ok thanks, rick 
 Took a call from Bill Cronin at New Power  today. He requested that they be able to deal with commercial customers that were off limits before, ie medium commercial or large commercial. He also mentioned that they may have an interesty in some of the people. Any thoughts?  Rick 
 I think we do not need Board Approval, but they should be notified at the next meeting. I believe I discussed this with Pug and that is what we concluded. Therefore, we need a new DASH and a quick summary of transaction which would include changes from original deal. Rick 
 Any thoughts on this? Rick 
 fyi- I don't feel we have tight coordination on info xfer to these guys. I have scheduled a meeting to discuss. rick 
 fyi- don't forward to anyone. Rick 
 John- I received this and have no idea as to its origin. Do with as you will. Rick 
 Thanks. Hopefully we will have some sort of official statement today to restore confidence. Tough situation. Rick 
 fyi thoughts? rick 
 Joe - should I get some lunch ordered? Rick 
 We need to talk today on what we say to ctpies. AES called for $50 million and Louise wants to keep them happy. Others are slowly restricting us in various ways. We need a story. Rick 
 Joe- Where is liquidity group meeting. My group wants to spend some time with them and then reconvene with us to discuss book position s. Rick 3-4739 
 Glad it was worthwhile for you. We'll have more. Rick 
 Jim- Do you have a list of who I talked to in Houston and their affiliation. I would like to keep straight who I have spoken with. The only card I received is from Michael Geffroy. Let me know if there is a problem with this request. Thanks, Rick Buy 
 starting to. rick 
 This is not fun. Rick 
 Please ring Draper at AEP  Current position:  We have paid them all of the margin  they have contractual rights for - $33.5mm gone out today which is margin under our financial gas contract. However, they want full collateral on all of their power position (this is being driven by Bill Reid on their power floor -ex Enron employee), the amount is another $220mm (they have no collateral rights to this).  Essentially, the credit guy (Frank Hilton) is hurting us in the market and anything you can do to help is appreciated.  I believe some of this is vindictive behaviour from an ex-employee and senior management may not know what he is up to.  Louise  Tel 011447778757656   (care of Rick's email) 
 good.  my personal email is ourternrbb@aol.com  tx rick 
 Thanks for invitation but I had better hang loose during this crisis. Keep me in mind in the future. Thanks Rick Buy 
 can't make investment recommendations, but maybe we can go in on a duplex in south louisiana. we could be investment advisors to shrimpers. what a mess. see ya rick 
 Hi Jule- thought about your comment about Fidelity. You need to get those checks and monthly statements. Call them and tell them to get that stuff to you. Don't call the jerk. Call the 800 number. You should carefully manage your money. It is very important. Love, Dad. 
 Hi Jule- thought about your comment about Fidelity. You need to get those checks and monthly statements. Call them and tell them to get that stuff to you. Don't call the jerk. Call the 800 number. You should carefully manage your money. It is very important. Love, Dad.   ********************************************************************** This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender or reply to Enron Corp. at enron.messaging.administration@enron.com and delete all copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are not intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of its affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise. Thank you. ********************************************************************** 
 Please circ to all of RAC.   I want to thank everyone for their hard work during these trying times. Lots of our efforts in the past building systems, procedures and infrastructure pay off in times like these. Feedback from both Citibank and JPM/Chase and Enron's Board members has been very positive relative to RAC. Congratulations to all.  On another note I want to caution everyone in the group from making negative statements in the presence of ours and other groups, especially more junior members of these groups. Because they come from RAC they are not considered idle commentary and can be, and have been, damaging to morale to these people. We all speculate about the state of affairs and it is a good stress relief but we can not be a part of morale reducing behavior.  Things are not back to normal but they are improving. Upon receipt of commitment from banks, hopefully later today or early tomorrow, our short term issues should be resolved. Lots of activities are underway to address medium term and long term solutions. In the mean time, keep smiling.  Rick 
  Bill should have copied you. Fyi, Rick 
 I am available but I know almost nothing about the Dynegy case. Rick 
 Looks fine to me. Tx Rick 
 test 
 fyi- 
  FYI, Rick Buy 
 FYI, Rick Buy 
  As I alluded to in my note yesterday, Enron has received a commitment for $1 billion in additional credit from our agent banks. This is great news, more from a market perception standpoint than an actual cash need. You can be assured that senior management is totally focused on the need to shore up the balance sheet with additional equity, now that we have the debt in place, but the equity we be a longer process.  In the meantime, lets get back to work. I would encourage people to talk to their supervisors about this situation if you feel "angst".  Rick 
 Bank deal happened. Hopefully we can return to "normal" (asylum) now. I imagine AF is not enjoying any beach right now. Thanks for the laugh. Rick 
 Amusing attachment. Rick 
 Thought you might like the attachment. Love, Dad 
 Ray- Steel group wants to purchase $15.3 million per month of steel for 3 years. It appears this deal is creating inventory (no offsetting short). Do you have any thoughts on this as acting head of EIM? Doesn't sound like the best use of our liquidity at this point. Rick (We have a million issues to address like this around the company). 
 Would appreciate any feedback from talk so we can improve Tx, Rick 
 Thanks, we are in bounds for the moment.  Rick 
 Since my daughter is going over to London it prompted me to see if that would be a good time for me to come as well. Then week of March 5. I could stay a day or two if needed. Any thoughts? Rick 
 This is fine by me. Rick Buy 
 thanks- now i  just have to convince jeff-- rick 
 Thanks for the feedback. I sent my best guy there so I hope there is improvement. We have been talking to a candidate for credit that Ted will be discussing with you soon. Hopefully we can make progress there also. I want complete buy in from you and John on this guy before we proceed.  Separately, the scrap metals meeting we had with Causey went well. We will reconvene in two weeks to see where we are.  Thanks again for the feedback. I was a little worried about Ted after the MD disappointment but it seems he has recovered.   Rick 
 Sounds fine to me. Does it make sense to run resume past Brown and Sherriff prior to bringing him over? Also, is the idea he would be a director, sr director or vp? Each of these paths has consequences as you know. Rick 
 I liked him alot. Seems ready, willing and able to make a move. What are your thoughts? Rick 
 Thanks for your note. I want to wish you the best of luck in EES. As far as RAC's issues with EES, I would suggest getting together with Tribolet and getting some of the lists that have been put together as part of the task force. I would also suggest attending the task force meeting, providing EES management is agreeable, to get a better picture of what is going on.  Again, I hate to see you go but it will still be value added to RAC and Enron. Have fun!!  Rick 
 Ted tells me you guys have already taken action on this which greatly relieves me. I did not want this procrastinated on. I have a meeting scheduled with Rick Causey and will get up to speed on what exactly what has transpired prior to that meeting. Thanks for giving this your immediate attention. Rick 
 A "Doorstep" inspection of this business was performed in accordance with our procedures and apparently this business is a disaster!!! We need immediate action on this up to and including shutting it down. This was the worst we have seen at Enron and I don't even want to put in this email what I heard was going on there.  We need a coordinated solution here asap to avoid a real disaster, if there isn't one already. I'll speak with Rick Causey here about what immediate action we should take but the more you guys can dig into this the better. More to come.  Rick 
 good info. i don't believe there will be many more "ei" type asset acquisitions any time soon. rick 
 Please print and file tx rick 
 Thanks- I am very interested in this business so if I can help let me know. Tx Rick 
 The above transaction was presented to the Board on 1-29-2001. There was considerable discussion which I have summarized below.  Returns: were the returns sufficient to syndicate the risk. I answered positively, which is what the capital price addresses. The dash return is a blended debt and equity return.(?)  Was the $19 million excess proceeds enough to allow the company to operate. I answered yes since 85% of reserves are producing and little capital will be needed to develop pdnp and pud reserves.  Is management capable of operating or will they be in chapter 11 again soon. I answered that the bankruptcy was a result of overpaying for Wyoming deal and low commodity prices last two years which resulted in a bb decrease below outstanding. We will have to watch this issue carefully.  Are banks reluctant to support KCS and could this cause a liquidity problem? Answered that all creditors were made whole and likely that someone will come into credit but it was a risk, although for the time being they had enough cash to operate.  This feedback is just for fyi but it does indicate that board is active and not a rubber stamp.  Rick 
 Karen- please print this out and file somewhere. tx rick 
 Please be sure this is in some legal record or something so I don't have problems with this in the future. Thanks, Rick 
 Craig, received another statement showing another service charge. We should probably cancel this account. Rick Buy 
 Maybe have her contact Ted since he is in London??? Rick 
 fyi, rick 
 Yeah, I heard. Childers informed me and rubbed it in that he was key in talking me out of that decision. I think I made the right decision ya think? Rick 
 My daughter has reservations at Kingsway House, 71 Eardley Court. Can you see if anyone knows if this place is a disaster? She is going with a girlfriend that doesn't have hardly any money so they had to find a place that was cheap which worries me no end. Tx Rick 
 Just met w/ Skilling and Whalley.  Var for gas has temp increase of $15MM until next friday (12/15/2000). Jeff is calling for an executive comm mtg to ask for an additional $40 MM of corp var until next wed (12/13/2000).  One issue is UK power will be over VAR everyday starting probably thurs or fri of this week, unless we increase them as well. (They sweep retail deals into book once a week on this day). This increase only needs to be $2-3- million.  Fasten seat belts and apply oxygen masks.  Rick 
 This is great. I want to use it at our upcoming credit conference. Thanks, Rick 
 I like this slide from Tara. Can we use somewhere? Rick 
 I go away for a day and come back to yet another $40 million of PGE exposure. I guess the lesson is to not go away. Where does this end? This is a painful way to learn about derivative credit exposure. Please inform all "deal doers" at EES that they better have RAC review their deals (Mercury) in detail before they sign. This is more out of control than anything else we have at Enron.  Rick 
 I will be unable to attend this meeting as I will be in Canada meeting with banks. Bill Bradford could attend in my absense if Dan thinks appropriate. Rick 
 Great!  This is exactly how I want everything in RAC to work. Rick 
 Chip is assigned to North America primarily but we asked him to get up to speed on the India situation in case a new deal should arise there that requires RAC input. He is a sharp guy with lots of project finance experience and also worked in London for Eastern.  If you don't want him involved and a transaction arises it will be difficult to get someone up to speed quickly, given the complexities. Rick 
 You all should have received instruction from Sheila W. on the system for salaries. I need that info late today so I can look at over the weekend. Numbers are due Monday am. Rick 
 fyi 
 Lets discuss this before we make offer. Rick 
 Are these numbers consistent with your expectations. We will submit to HR if no onjections. Traditionally Sutton has looked at the range and made the decision where to be inside the range. I don't know if Skilling will do the same. I have a voice mail into him to see. Rick 
 No- the conclusion is incorrect. The peakers help to mitigate the risk created by market positions. Maybe just change the last sentence to read "Because the peakers offset the contract, the VAR is substantially reduced. " Rick 
 wow! what's behind this, not that I think it isn't a very prudent decision. rick 
 Tx Please stay on top of this and pass on info to Bradford for inclusion in our overall Calif. analysis. Rick 
 Yes we should present fx exposure at every meeting just like credit exposure tec. Format as before. Rick 
 We are probably ok for now since we got the space from networks. Rick 
 fyi 
 Are your plans to stay on 28? We are doing some planning on office space. I have some people in 3 Allen that I would like to move over here but it is not a big issue. I had heard that you were moving. Tx Rick 
 please schedule 
 fyi- wasn't there a discussion on this at prc? rick 
 I really appreciate it when people take the time to acknowledge Mark's efforts and others in RAC as well. Thanks for the feedback. Rick 
 have been unable to return your call. will do tomorrow. it has been crazy here to say the least. rick 
 Hi- Thanks for the note. Remember that Karen reads all my mail so don't send anything too personal. Time to get back into studying. It will be over before you know it and the four years is a small fraction of your working life so keep at it.  I will look into London for your spring break. Send me the exact times you have off. Love Dad. 
 Attached 
 thanks, rick buy 
 OK by me. Only because I know Frank. Rick 
 Weird, but ok by me. Rick Buy 
 FYI 
 I told you wrong on date for next mtg if you need approval. That date would be Feb 13. I'm tied up w/ bonus/review stuff for foreseeable future. feb works better for lunch. Rick 
 feb 2 i think why?? 
 I will be working on all RAC bonuses on Wednesday and ask that each of you review  your department's bonuses on Thursday so that all of RAC can be submitted on Friday.   Thanks.  Rick 
 fyi, rick 
 I guess I don't have strong feelings if a dash is written here or not but I do care that a troubled situation receive the attention it requires to avoid getting in deeper. There always seems to be reluctance in UK to have a dash prepared, Steve always used a huge amount of energy on justifying the task. We all know that if problem deals are not addressed they always get worse. Maybe Michael could be led to "suggest" an alternative memo or approach. A "problem deal" memo. If you all think a dash is the best approach do it and I don't care if they don't sign it.  Once the website is functional, it will be helpful to have a complete history of deals and having these kind of memos in dash format will aid this process.  One final thought, Michael is quite supportive of our effort and I think we should pick battles carefully. Rick 
 Pam- Please send this to RAC worldwide. Tx Rick 
 Activity levels in Credit Risk Management (CRM) have never been higher due to very volatile commodity markets, growth in EES and many other factors. In order to address these market changes, effective now, Ken Curry will transfer from Rick Carson's Due Diligence group to CRM and report to Bill Bradford. Ken has a strong background in credit related issues and should be able to immediately add value to the CRM group.  It is fortunate that adequate depth exists within RAC to be able to realign personnel as market needs suggest. Please join me in congratulating Ken on his move and in wishing him success in this new assignment.  Rick Buy 
 Sorry to hear your news. Thanks for letting me know. Rick 
 Lets have a brief meeting on this. I'll have Karen set up. Tx Rick 
 This looks good. Possibly don't need last two items , we need to decide when to review this once it is live to see if it is taking off. Also, what does t aking off mean? Certainly after a month. See what others think about this list and then we can decide what our plan should be. I'll talk to you in a day or two. Rick 
 Thanks- You guys need a rest. Have a great holiday. Rick 
 Karen- Wanted to say thanks for the gifts you gave me the other day for xmas. I know I often appear ungrateful but that's what happens when you have 2 thousand things on your mind. The pen and leather "thing" for notes are great- I'll use both in my annual attempt to get organised. Rick 
 keep 'em coming, rick 
 god help them  Best of luck, Rick 
 test3 
 excellent!!!!! 
 I have done this 3 times now. 
 Please get involved here and let these people know this. Tx Rick 
 After rereading 3 times I see your point. Didn't mean it that way. Before I sent it out I had Ted and Karen review as well as another person in corp. None had any comments. I asked Dave Gorte if he saw anything negative in it, he did not. Didn't mean to slight you in any way and I apologize if I did. Rick 
 Is this correct? Rick 
 Spoke w/ Skilling re OI "binary" decision. He is willing to enter into the deal. His rational is that he thinks we will be ok on OWC in the final analysis. He did  say to reserve for the deal adequately and structure it as appropriate for the circumstances. He also wanted to know if there is anything different here than on OWC. I told him that it wasn't significantly different (both strong underlying businesses with huge event risk attached)  Lets get dash completed and then I will voice mail Jeff w/ specifics and get his verbal signature.  Rick 
 Louise Kitchen, who is now the President & CEO of Enron Net Works and I had a conversation about the space located at EB2801.  Louise had no objection to RAC occupying this space since her buildout could not occur until May.   The space rental should be allocated to 011/100068 and 011/100052 equally.  Rick 
 Spoke with John Sherriff this am re prc for London RAC people. John said they included our people for cross calibration purposes but we could rank our people where we saw fit. So I don't think there is any issue here. The Houston PRC rankings should stand unless there was new information brought to light to you Steve that calls into question a person's ranking.  Sheila- please double check with the London HR people that this is straightened out.  Thanks, Rick 
 I have no idea who sent me this message. I did not like the sound of the name so I forwarded it to both of you. It is not a pornographic e-mail but I the name sounds funny. FYI. Trying to stay out of trouble. Rick 
 This needs to be sent company wide. Lets discuss how. Tx Rick 
 test2 
 I will request this extension at tomorrow's executive committee of the board mtg. rick 
 I would like Bill Bradford there unless someone is trying to llimit headcount. Rick 
 The continued growth of the Enron Europe office and related businesses has prompted a change in the management of Risk Assessment and Control (RAC) in London. Effective in early January, 2001, Ted Murphy will transfer to the London office and mange the RAC activities which include credit and market risk and underwriting. Ted will continue to manage the Enron Global Market Risk activities. Steve Young, currently managing RAC in London, will begin a new assignment within  EBS, also in London.  The Houston Market Risk group will be managed by David Port  As Enron continues to expand its trading and risk management businesses, it is vital that trading and credit policies are administered in a consistent and accurate manner across the company. Hopefully this realignment will accomplish that goal.  Please join me in congratulating Ted, David and Steve on their new assignments. 
 I have two nominations for MD and one for VP.  VP  David Port  MD  Ted Murphy Dave Gorte  All of the above would be in the Specialized Technical category.  Call me if a problem, Rick Buy 
 ok, but can't do anything until jan. rick 
 Thanks for note. Mike Jordan in UK is coordinating an effort on this. I'm worried we have more than initiative going on here. Hopefully everyone will coordinate.  Rick 
 fyi, rick 
 fyi, rick 
 Deal needs to go to Skilling (or OOC) because capital price exceeds return. Otherwise Frevert could sign. I am authorised to sign for Jeff up to $25 MM after I leave him a voice mail. After I review deal I will voice mail Jeff and that should work. Rick 
 fyi, please respond, tx rick 
 test 
 Everyone in RAC is invited to attend Underwriting mtg on Friday at 10:30 am. Rick 
 Need your help on the following: Each day we are delayed in finalising var, p&L and positions because the UK must wait for a USD  interest rate curves before submitting their data to Houston. I am also told that it is really not necessary to wait for this curve and the data could be submitted close of business London. Even if there was some minor inaccuracy from this method it would be better than what we have now. This would greatly improve the efficiency (by 4 to 6 hours) in reporting to senior management. Can you guys initiate this change or get me to the right person there. Thanks, Rick 
 Probably a smart decision. Rick 
 Per your voice mail I would like to defer 100% of my ECT Phantom Stock into the Stable Asset fund. I only want to defer that which I have to defer due to my Section 16b status. Thanks, Rick Buy 
 Mark- here is my response to your request. Call with questions.  Goal: Total Foreign Exchange Exposure quantified and communicated to BOD.  Performance: Project completed with final tranche of results reported to Finance Committee Dec 11. The notional exposure as well as impact on potential impact on earnings and CTA accounts have been quantified and reported to the BOD over the past year according to a schedule that has strictly adhered to. Also, a template and process has been established to be able to easily report changes in the future. Enron has never had a comprehensive review of FX exposure prior to this activity. As an aside, there has been a fair amount of hedging activity resulting from this effort.  Goal: Establish risk and trading control processes for risks unique to EES.  Performance: Systems have been established and monitoring controls are in place across EES. A thorough study of the DSM business has been completed and the results presented to the Finance Committee. A RAC task force has been put in place which has established a work plan consisting of 53 elements that EES has agreed to put in place to get the overall back office and trading and credit control systems where they need to be. Significant progress has been made against these recommendations. DSM projects have been spot tested with outside measurement firm and the results reported to EES. These tests have highlighted focus areas to determine where the capital dollars are best employed.  Goal: Solidify the global risk management policy beyond Houston and London.  Performance: Complete and Ongoing. During 2000, Project Doorstep was initiated by RAC which inspected every office within Enron to determine if trading was taking place and if so whether the Enron controls were being adhered to. A data base system was developed to routinely prompt surprise inspections of these offices and also monitor if the recommendations are being adhered to. Doorstep was a huge effort involving RAC, AA, and operations to really understand where we have risks. It also helps in defining where we don't have responsibility such as EOTT,  Azurix  and The New Power Company. 
 Any progress here. Rick 
 How is progress on this? Rick 
 Have had problems with my computer but I found this memo unread. (May be because I have 2000 emails). Should we still pursue this? I know Jack is working on copper mines. Maybe you guts started without me getting involved. Lets discuss. Rick 
 Kind of old but still relavent. FYI Rick 
 did i send this to already? fyi. this was very contentious at India mtg w/ Lay & Skilling. We need to understand what our exposure is. You need to become our India expert. Tx Rick 
 This slipped thru the cracks- are we still going to do? Did you do it already? Rick 
 i guess this is the answer to my inquiry on cypress issue-rick 
 Karen- please print this out. I need to edit this. Thanks, Rick 
 I think you should arrange for a formal presentation of this material to myself and other folks in RAC. I believe this is the direction of future risk control activity and all of us need to be updated. Scheduling something after the board meeting would be helpful. Tx Rick 
 Good job. Keep moving it forward. If moving forward it w