 The third quarter PCB meeting with Southern California Gas Company was held this morning.  SoCal presented a third quarter invoce of their PCB management and disposal activities for which Transwestern is responsible for $120,602.19.  All charges were appropriate and considered normal operating expenses for PCB activities in California.  The public hearing was held in Williams, AZ for the Kingman and Flagstaff air permits under the Redrok Expansion.  There were no comments or concerns brought up at the meeting as no individuals came to the meeting.  An email was received from the ADEQ presenting the minor additions which will be added to each permit.  Each comment and addition will not impact or change the draft permits which were received earlier this month.  The permits for Klagetoh and Luepp were received from the EPA last week.  The permits from the ADEQ for the Kingman and Flagstaff C/S will be issued the later part of this week.  Attended the incident investigation and technical writing workshop in Omaha.  Assisted the Mountainair team with the semiannual Title V compliance monitoring report  for C/S No.7.  A meeting was held in Phoenix, Az with PG&E to review charges and invoices by PG&E for PCB management and disposal activities on their system for the last several months.   Also discussed was recent liquids sampling results and proposed PCB activities on the PG&E system for 2002. 
 Transwestern Pipeline Company  Transwestern has run into some problems with the air permit conditions for the Redrock Expansion.  For the state permits, the ADEQ wants to abitrarily set a 10% safety factor to the emissions levels which approach PSD. This means that they have written into the draft permit a reduction in the allowable hours of operation for  the generator from 8760 to 7800.  This generator is the facility's prime source of power and therefore, needs to be operated for 8760 hours.  Transwestern will challenge the agency's authority to apply a 10%safety factor.  For the Indain lands permits, the EPA has written a permit condition of 25 ppmvd for NOx and CO under all operating conditions.  Manufacturerers guarantees only apply at 25 ppmvd at loads above 65% and at 0F.  It appears that Transwestern may have convenienced the EPA to back away from permit limits in ppmvd and include as permit conditons lb/hr and ton/yr emissions limits that Transwestern originally placed into its applications.  Northern Natural Gas Company  A standard exemption for the NNG Martin Co. No. 1 facility was submitted to the TNRCC.  Preliminary maintenance activities and newly published AP-42 emissions factors have shown that the Martin Co. 1 facility may be a Title V facility.  Under the old AP-42 factors, the units at the facility were not greater than 100 ton/year sources.  Continued investigation  is being conducted to determine emissions levels from the units at the facility.  EOTT A request and supporting documentation was submitted to the TNRCC to remove the EOTT Crane facility from the Title V operating permit program.  New data on the crude oil received into the facility shows the emissions limits for VOCs to be less than the Title V regulated limit.  General  Preparations are being  finalized for the environmental roundtable to be held next week in Albuquerque. 
 http://www.vegasinsider.com/u/football/college/2000returnees.htm 
 I'll call you later tonight.  LC 
 Heard anything? 
 http://www.scoresandodds.com/ 
 remove from list.  no longer with gas desk.  LC 
 get on her list. 
 John, we are working out some issues with the station 1 permit and the EPA= =20 permits for 3 and 4.  Briefly here they are.  First issue, that we did not anticipate from the ADEQ.  It applies to hours= =20 of operation for the generator.  The ADEQ has restricted hours of operation= =20 because we are close to the PSD levels at the facility.  In talking to=20 Shdeish, the ADEQ protects itself and applies a 10% safety factor on all=20 applications that approach PSD to ensure that the PSD levels are not=20 triggered.   This is there policy not regulation.  What is ironic is that= =20 they accepted our calculations for the netting, but did not indicate that= =20 they would apply any safety factor for their comfort.  Im concerned about t= he=20 time frame to iron out this issue and the construction start date.  I need= =20 some guidance.  Do we want to spend time fighting this, not knowing how lon= g=20 it will take to resolve or do we bite the bullet and put on a catlytic=20 converter for the generator and have unlimited operating hours?  In speakin= g=20 with Shudeish, I got the impressions that when an application approaches th= e=20 PSD limit, they want to see the applicant apply CEMS or some kind of contro= l=20 technology just to be sure that they stay under the 250 ton limit.  I know= =20 time is of the essence.  Second issue.  The EPA has given us a pretty good permit for stations 3 and= =20 4, but have restircted us to ppmvd values for NOx and CO, instead of lb./hr= =20 or ton/yr.  The values that they have given us in the permit are OK (25 ppm= vd=20 for NOx and CO) at base load operation. GE will guarantee this.   However, = at=20 lower tempertures and at reduced loads of 60%, the manufactures numbers are= =20 40 ppmvd for NOx and CO.  We cant live with this.  In our application, we= =20 stated that we would be operating at low loads for 20% of the time and we= =20 applied a 15% safety factor for the higher NOx and CO levels and presented= =20 this in lb.hr and tons/yr.  This would have covered us, but because the=20 permits limits are in ppmvd, we would exceed  these limits during low loads= =20 and low temps.  I have requested from Roger that we would accept permit=20 conditions that would allow us 40 ppmvd during low temps and low loads with= =20 with requiring us to do associated recordkeeping and Roger said that he wou= ld=20 bring this before his management.  Ill keep you apprised of this issue.  =20 
 I am no longer with the gas desk.  Please remove from list.  LC 
 http://quotes.freerealtime.com/rt/frt/news?symbol=PMCS&art=C2000090100245b1087 
 id lcampbel psswd megan1 
 get on her list 
 I'm going to be out tomorrow.  You can page me at 1.800.963.0942.  LC 
 http://quotes.freerealtime.com/rt/frt/news?symbol=RBAK&art=C2000083000243u6509 
 http://www.vegasinsider.com/vhtml/u/ce/multi/0,2863,2717268,00.html 
 http://biz.yahoo.com/bw/000830/ca_juniper.html 
 Roger, presented below are the comments which Transwetern has on the permits which were issued to the Klagetoh and Luepp compressor station.  The most critical and sensitive issue for us is item 2 below. The permits really restrict us and cause us some major operational concerns if we are held to 25 ppmvd for NOx and CO throughout the entire operating range of the turbines. We would really appreciate your help and assistance in this issue.  Let me know what additional information you may need.   1.The responsible official name change to Danny Pribble, VP Southwest Operations.  2.The draft permit limits NOx and CO emissions to 25 ppmv at 15% O2, based on a 3-hour  average, except during periods of startup and shutdown.  At 60F and above the GE data indicates that these rates are achievable under all operating conditions.  However, GE data indicates that NOx and CO may be as high as 40 ppmv during low-load conditions of 60% and lower.  The permit application represented turbine operations at base load 80% of the time with reduced load operations (64% load)occurring no more than 20% of the time.  TWP also included a 15% safety factor to cover periods of reduced operating loads and fluctuating ambient temperatures.  The potential to emit calculations presented the emissions in the application in units of lb/hr and ton/yr.  These potential to emit values were accepted by the EPA for the netting analysis, and were taken into account by the EPA (See EPA Statement of Basis document). Because the permit conditions hold us to ppmvd values and not lb/yr or ton/year values, Transwestern is concerned that under low load conditions of less than 60% and low ambient temperatures, the emissions of NOx and CO could go as high as 40 ppmvd.  Transwestern is requesting that a provision be made in the permit conditions that allows emissions of NOx and CO be held to 40 ppmvd during the 20 % of the time that the turbines operating conditions is less than or equal to 60% load.  3. The word "Catepillar" is mispelled throughout the permit.  4. Permit conditions for sulfur testing in the fuel gas requires Transwestern to use methodologies (wet chemistry technology) that are not normally used to monitor and       measure sulfur in the natural gas. Transwestern has received approval from the EPA for other custom fuel monitoring schedules to use  "GPA Standard 2377" (length of stain tube) or gas chromatography as the proposed methodology  to  monitor sulfur in the natural gas. 
 whazupppppp!!!!!!!!!! 
 http://www.cnbc.com/commentary/commentary_full_story_tools.asp?StoryID=21748 
 Looks familiar? 
 Can you help Sherry with this set-up.  LC 
 Marlene, please call me if this is not correct.  Sherry 713 345-3461 
 Amber---  Marriott fell off July 1, 2000 behind BUG.  LC 
 PRICK 
 4.284  LC 
 sorry.  apply it to our commercial customers.  LC 
 ok 
 Roger, thats great that the public notice for station 3 and 4 air permits will initiate on October 4.  I really appreciate your work and effort on this. I will be looking forward to reviewing the rough draft for both of the permits during the first week of October..... 
 Apply the storage gas only to our storage customers.   LC 
 Demand charge for July: .60  The swing rate will be on the July invoice which is scheduled to go out, along with June, in about 2 weeks. May's invoice should go out next week. 
 http://WWW.DANCESAFE.COM/ 
 http://www.vegasinsider.com/vhtml/u/ce/column/0,2863,2643914,00.html 
 Do you have the final reads for July and the new ones for August.  LC 
 EES sold for July 2000:  North Atlantic: 2721 Sithe:  0  Disregard the previous e-mail.  This is the correct one for July 2000.  LC 
 June  .2250 per dth. 
 NO 
 3.837  LC 
 Scott, I shold probably clearify something.  The existing right of way, which we intend on staying in, at least around Cordes Junction is located west of I-17, which will not impact the Agua Fria National Monument, which occurs on the east side of the interstate.  Should we be forced to move to the east side of I-17, then the Monument may become a problem.  Like you, I was taking into consideration all possible issues in the pathway of the proposed construction and also those that are in the near proximity and have the potential of becoming an "opportunity" in the event we are forced to deal with them.  I appreciate your wirk in this...... 
 EES sold for July 2000:  North Atlantic  2864 Kenilworth(Sithe) 337   LC 
 Sithe Power Marketing, L.P. 335 Madison Ave. New York, NY 10017 212.351.0680 P 212.351.0705 F Janine Maher Elizabethtown July 1, 2000 forward 
 HAVE 2100 FOR JULY.  713.853.9351 
 june  2000  bennett  4.689 reheis  4.689 white  4.689   homasote:  feb 2.9375 mar 3.104  lc 
 http://www.vegasinsider.com/u/futures/summerlin/NFLgames.htm 
 PATTY DRUMM  LC 
 BENNETT 4.994 HOMASOTE 4.996 REHEIS 4.93 WHITE  4.695   LC 
 WHAT'S YOUR NUMBER? 
 Call me.  713.853.9351 
 Thanks Scott, I heard about the same thing, and was checking futrher to see if this was actually the case.... 
 LONG ABOUT:  ET: 2500 PSEG: 4000  713.853.9351 
 Patty  Could you please forward this to Susan Fick.  I don't have her e-mail.  LC 
 Dan  I did not include them in the upload sheet b/c I path directly to them.  LC 
 http://content.health.msn.com/content/article/1728.59719 
 I did.  What does he want me to do with it?  Have him call me.  LC 713.853.9351 
 http://www.vegasinsider.com/vhtml/u/ce/multi/0,2863,2606032,00.html   SCROLL DOWN TO OHIO STATE. 
 Carmen---  My night differential has not posted to my last four paychecks. The last time I received it was for pay period ending 05/15/2000. Would you please include a retro adjustment to my next check?   LC 522-94-9373 x3-9351 
 NORTHERN NATURAL GAS COMPANY  Submitted Title V Permit Renewal for Mullinville Compressor to the KDHE.  Submittal of standard exemption documention for the NNG Kermit, Plainview, Seminole and Brownfield C/S's were submitted to the TNRCC.  TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMAPNY  A conference call was held with Region IX EPA to discuss Redrock Expansion issues related to the issuance of Title V air permits for Sat. 3 and 4 which are on Indain lands.  The agency provided a tentative date of 7 weeks before the the permits would be issued.  The EPA has required Transwestern to respond to issues related to the Endangered Species Act prior to issuance of the air permit.  Transwestern is in the process of preparing a biological assessment for the properties within the facility fences of stations 3 and 4.  A meeting was held with the Arizona DEQ to discuss what activities Transwestern may participate in to assist the agency with the issuance of the air permits for Station 1 and 2.  The agency gave a date of April 2002 as a normal issue date.  Even under expidited conditions the date is expected to be mid December of this year.  Transwestern plans on actively pursuing ADEQ's management to determine if the date for issuance can be further decreased. On a side note, under the current Arizona regulations, certain construction activities can begin in leau of receiving the permit and include; foundation construction, laying underground piping and consturction of permenant underground structures. This wil benefit the inbitiation of the Redrock construction prior to receivng the air permits for these stations.   EOTT  Rawlins pump station was struck by lighting, causing a release and a loss of crude and the tanks do to fire.  Visiting site Friday, September 21, 2001to evaluate and for a clean up and remediation plan.  continuation of 308 reporting for EOTT facilities in amarillo region.  Remediaiton of EOTT Weatherford Station.  GENERAL  Attended the KDHE annual environmental conference in Hutchinson, Kansas.  Completed Title V annual certifications for Texas and Oklahoma facilities.  completed workbooks for Amarillo roundtable. 
 test 
 Thanx.  Very professionally written.  I only had to look up a couple of words.   LC 
 Don Baughman and Juan Hernandez.  If the listing you saw says Edwin Coulter, he no longer is part of the group.  LC 
 your resume is good enough b/c i gave it directly to the hiring people. 
 i do not know this person.  i think you have the wrong larry campbell. 
 Dear Larry,  I have talked to Kent Rylander, our ornithologist, about the bird nest, and he expressed the opinion that it was either a Swainson's hawk or a roadrunner.  I have adjusted the report appropriately.  Are there other issues or does the attached report meet your needs?  Robert  - report.doc     Robert J. Baker, Ph.D. Horn Professor Department of Biological Sciences Texas Tech University Lubbock, TX  79409 phone: (806) 742-2702 fax: (806) 742-2963 rjbaker@ttu.edu 
 id lcampbel password megan1 
 1414 South Dairy Ashford #515 77077 
 9214 Sanford 77031 
 https://www.admission.com/html/seatmap.htmI?l=EN&CNTX=23689&C=US 
 Would you please check on the status of this expense report.  The last entry I had on it was 9/5/01, 13 days ago.  My AMEX bill will be charged interest if I dont receive a check in the near future.  YOur assistance in this will be greatly appreciated. 
 http://www.quicken.com/investments/news/story/djbn/?story=/news/stories/dj/200 10228/BT20010228006390.htm&symbol=JNPR 
 http://test3.thespark.com/gendertest/ 
 http://ftp.fedworld.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040sd.pdf  go to page D-6 for the capital loss carryover worksheet.     http://ftp.fedworld.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040sd1.pdf 
 http://ftp.fedworld.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040sd1.pdf  http://ftp.fedworld.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040sd.pdf 
 nope.  what's the occasion? 
 user id: lcampbel password: megan1 
 The third quarter PCB meeting with Southern California Gas Company was held this morning.  SoCal presented a third quarter invoce of their PCB management and disposal activities for which Transwestern is responsible for $120,602.19 (86%).  All charges were appropriate and considered normal operating expenses for PCB activities in California.  On a similar note, while speaking to Ralph Komai, PCB person for SoCal, some interesting things are happening on their system and are presented below:  SoCal is beginning to notice accumulations of PCB pipeline liquids on portions of their system which has been considered PCB clean.  It is these portions of their pipeline for which they have been petitioning EPA to declassify.  These liquids are not new liquids introductions into the SoCal system but historic liquids that have laid in their pipeline. Because of the fact that Transwestern is not seeing liquids accumulations at the compressor stations upstream of Needles, we know that liquids are not being sent inot California.  Due to the increase of Transwestern gas into the SoCal system, it appears  the gas is sweeping old historic liquids into these new pipeline areas.  SoCal will be meeting with PG&E within the next couple of weeks to discuss the discovery of pipeline liquids at an interconnect where SoCal provides natural gas to PG&E.The PCB concentrations are less than 5 ppm.  The location of this  interconnect is near Bakersfield, Ca.  Southwest Gas has requested that 2 filter separators be installed at 2 interconnects where they receive gas from SoCal.  As you know, Transwetern supplies gas to SoCal who then provides gas to Southwest.   The price of the 2 separators will be approx. $33,000 plus installation charges.  Ralph stated that theses charges will show up on the first or second quarter of 2002.  Of note, Southwest has asked SoCal to install each separator on the SoCal side of the interconnect which means that maintenance and operation of each separator will be SoCal's responsiblility.  these charges will be passed on to Transwestern at 86%. 
 After the telephone conference call we had on 9/17, I contacted the Roger Kohn permit engineer with EPA about a possible meeting with his agency to resolve and assist the issuance of the air permits for stations 3 and 4.  His message back to me was a reiteration of the last request I made to him, that he could see no way that Transwestern would be able to help the EPA in this matter.  We discussed the possibility of Transwestern contacting his supervisor, Gerardo Rios, about a potential meeting and he indicated that we could choose this avenue if we desired.  Gerardo's telephone number is 415-744-1259. 
 both. you have to schd. all your trades. 
 what are you guys doing for new year's?  work 713.853.9351 home 713.777.0146 pager 800.963.0942 
 don't worry about the margin call.  it's taken care of.  LC 
 what's the final plan.  where? when? where do we meet? 
 yes. let me know. 
 Dan, sorry about taking so long it getting back to you about this, but I had a couple of crises I had to address,  Im still realing from the impact.  I have attached for your review the agreement which we are in the process of finalizing with the Wild Turkey Federation.  Take a look at the document and let me know what you think.  After your review we can make the necessary changes and modifications.  I have been advised by our legal department that each of the three major pipelines owned and operated by Enron will need a separate contract, with the RMEF, so what we decide for Transwestern, will undoubtably work for the others.  Thanks for your patience in this. 
 John, I read Phil's statements concerning the Redrock air permit issue and= =20 would like to make sure everyone has the facts why  Transwestern was unawar= e=20 of the delay in the agencies issance of the air permits.  I had met with ea= ch=20 agency prior to submitting each application (February of this year) to ensu= re=20 that each application contained the correct and proper information required= =20 by the EPA and State of Arizona.  When I told them that we would need the= =20 permits by the end of September, each agency indicated that a September=20 permit issuance would not be a problem, in light of the fact that energy=20 issues related to California were to be given top priority.   On a monthly= =20 basis I phoned the  permit engineer assigned to each application to be kept= =20 aware of possible conflicts and resolve any concerns.  In all monthly calls= ,=20 both agencies assured me that the permits were progressing on schedule and = no=20 delays were expected .  As we approached the anticipated September issuance= =20 date, calls to the agencies were conducted weekly and this was when I was= =20 first informed of the 1-4 month additional time beyond the September issuan= ce=20 which would be required for the permit issuance.=20  In light of this issue, we in ETS might want to use this as a training=20 exercise and develop a protocol that the other DES's should apply to stay o= n=20 track with the permit progress for construction projects.=20 
 John, I read Phil's statements concerning the Redrock air permit issue and would like to shed some additional light concerning the reason why Transwestern  did not know about the delay in the agencies issance of the air permits.  I had met with each agency prior to submitting each application to ensure that each application contained the correct and proper information required by the EPA and State of Arizona.  When I told them that we were expecting the permits by the end of September, each agency indicated that a September permit issuance would not be a problem, in light of the fact that energy issues were to be given top priority in the State of Califonia.   I phoned the  permit engineer assigned to each application monthly to be kept aware of possible conflicts and resolve any concerns.  In all monthly calls, both agencies assured me that things were progressing on schedule.  As we approached the anticipated September issuance, calls to the agencies were conducted weekly and this was when I found out about the 1-4 month additional time which would be required for the permit issuance.  I dont know what else could have been done to track and alleviate problems encountered to ensure that the permits would be issued in a timely manner. 
 Dear Larry,  Here are the last of the photos.  If you have any problems opening anything or if you didn't get something (there should be 21 photos total), please let me know.  Monya Wright  - DSC00115.JPG - DSC00117.JPG - DSC00118.JPG - DSC00120.JPG - DSC00121.JPG     Robert J. Baker, Ph.D. Horn Professor Department of Biological Sciences Texas Tech University Lubbock, TX  79409 phone: (806) 742-2702 fax: (806) 742-2963 rjbaker@ttu.edu 
 - DSC00111.JPG - DSC00112.JPG - DSC00113.JPG - DSC00114.JPG - DSC00115.JPG     Robert J. Baker, Ph.D. Horn Professor Department of Biological Sciences Texas Tech University Lubbock, TX  79409 phone: (806) 742-2702 fax: (806) 742-2963 rjbaker@ttu.edu 
 Here are more photos.  - DSC00105.JPG - DSC00106.JPG - DSC00107.JPG - DSC00108.JPG - DSC00109.JPG - DSC00110.JPG     Robert J. Baker, Ph.D. Horn Professor Department of Biological Sciences Texas Tech University Lubbock, TX  79409 phone: (806) 742-2702 fax: (806) 742-2963 rjbaker@ttu.edu 
 Dear Larry,  Attached are some of the photos and the report on the potential pipeline site at the Holt Ranch.  The rest of the photos will be sent in a different email.  We will be sending you a final draft of the report as well as an invoice later today.  Thank you.  Monya Wright  - report.doc - DSC00099.JPG - DSC00100.JPG - DSC00101.JPG - DSC00102.JPG - DSC00103.JPG - DSC00104.JPG     Robert J. Baker, Ph.D. Horn Professor Department of Biological Sciences Texas Tech University Lubbock, TX  79409 phone: (806) 742-2702 fax: (806) 742-2963 rjbaker@ttu.edu 
 Joe, presented below is the first memo I sent out concering the air permit issue:  [Yesterday evening I phoned both the state of Arizona ( agency for stations 1 and 2) and Region 9 EPA ( agency for stations 3 and 4) concerning the status of when the air permits would be issued by both agencies for the Redrock expansion.  I was surprised to find out that both agencies stated a 2-4 month delay prior to issuance.  They cited back log of other permits, public comment periods, and workload as being the main reasons.  I am particularily disappointed because there were pre meetings with both agencies identifying what was to be included in each application package, and even after the applications were submitted in March of this year, each agency came back and asked for different information that from what was discussed at each meeting.  I have a call into the state of Arizona ( construction is to begin at Station 2 and they have jurisdiction for this station) to see if we can initiate some construction activities  such as laying pipe and building foundations prior to receiving the permit.  I have been given these types of approvals from other agencies in the past, but these types of approvals are extremely narrow and restrictive.   If this flys I am sure that they will require us to make sure the turbine is not brought on site until the permit has been issued.  I know this will require written approval from the agency, but this may allow us to proceed on schedule and avoid any delays.  Ill keep you apprised of this issue.]  I spoke with the ADEQ after our conference call and they directed me to another group (compliance) in the air permit section.  They strongly suggested that I contact the compliance group before contacting Nancy Wrona, Director of the ADEQ.  I left a message with the supervisor of the ADEQ compliance section, Kathy McConnell (?) 602-207-2328, but have not heard back from her.  Either Bill Kendrick or I will  be touching base with her again, tomorrow.  Arnold has given me the following list of construction items he would like to have the ADEQ grant us permission/waiver to do in leau of receiving the air permits:  all earthwork trench construction and piping tie ins all foundation and building construction installation of ancillary equipment  This list is probably too aggressive and falls out of what the agency may allow us to do.  The EPA contact for the Sta. 3 and 4 air permits: permit engineer  Roger Cohn      (415) 744-1238 Supervisor  Geraldo Rios    (415) 744-1259  The ADEQ contact for Sta. 1 and 2 air permit permit engineer  Shudeish Mahadev (?)   (602) 207-2323 Director   Nancy Wrona 
 John, I look forward to you being there, hopefully,  for both days.  Your presence and participation shows the field teams the environmental commitment from Houston.  Concerning the agenda, the first day is devoted to presentations.  The second moring will be devoted to a  "surprise" participation at a local compressor station about 45 miles west of Albuquerque.  I havent spread this around yet, except to Rich Jolly and got his OK, but  I plan on dividing the guys into groups of 2 and having them conduct an investigation/audit of the compressor station.  I plan on setting and hiding  some placebo environmental issues the night before at the station to see if they can discover them and other housekeeping issues the next morning during the audit.  We will then convine back at the hotel in the afternoon to discuss what they found and how they would address the issues identified.  The group that identifies the most issues, will get a small gift.  Do I need your approval on the spending of some $$$ for a gift?  I was thinking of a couple of $25 gift certificates for the two winners at a big sporting goods store and let them choose what they want.  The final afternoon session will be devoted to mock environmental situations under varying circumstances, like we did last year with the whole group being divided into four individuals and participating as teams. thoughts comments...... 
 Just to keep all permit information together, I spoke to Roger Kohn and he has sent to me the station 3 and 4 air permits.  We are now free to initiate construction at these two sites.... 
 Yesterday evening I phoned both the state of Arizona ( agency for stations 1 and 2) and Region 9 EPA ( agency for stations 3 and 4) concerning the status of when the air permits would be issued by both agencies for the Redrock expansion.  I was surprised to find out that both agencies stated a 2-4 month delay prior to issuance.  They cited back log of other permits, public comment periods, and workload as being the main reasons.  I am particularily disappointed because there were pre meetings with both agencies identifying what was to be included in each application package, and even after the applications were submitted in March of this year, each agency came back and asked for different information that from what was discussed at each meeting.  I have a call into the state of Arizona ( construction is to begin at Station 2 and they have jurisdiction for this station) to see if we can initiate some construction activities  such as laying pipe and building foundations prior to receiving the permit.  I have been given these types of approvals from other agencies in the past, but these types of approvals are extremely narrow and restrictive.   If this flys I am sure that they will require us to make sure the turbine is not brought on site until the permit has been issued.  I know this will require written approval from the agency, but this may allow us to proceed on schedule and avoid any delays.  Ill keep you apprised of this issue. 
 John, I plan on grabbing not only a digital camera but also my video camera to handle the panarama part of the equations.  In conversations with Doug Cebryk, it looks like the primary routes are Interstate 17 and El Paso's existing right of way south.  I spoke with Kevin Hyatt about a possible route that exists south to a power plant between station 1 and Kingman Az, and then heading southeast into the Phoenix area, but didnt know if the economics would work out. Ive got ENSR looking at other routes that might hold promise.  I also plan on addressing what might be considered sensitive areas of potential impact (streams, rivers, riparian habitat, difficult terrain, population and  critical habitat  issues etc)  Ill have a report to you shortly after the trip... 
 The third quarter PCB meeting with Southern California Gas Company was held this morning.  SoCal presented a third quarter invoce of their PCB management and disposal activities for which Transwestern is responsible for $120,602.19.  All charges were appropriate and considered normal operating expenses for PCB activities in California.  The public hearing was held in Williams, AZ for the Kingman and Flagstaff air permits under the Redrok Expansion.  There were no comments or concerns brought up at the meeting as no individuals came to the meeting.  An email was received from the ADEQ presenting the minor additions which will be added to each permit.  Each comment and addition will not impact or change the draft permits which were received earlier this month.  The permits for Klagetoh and Luepp were received from the EPA last week.  The permits from the ADEQ for the Kingman and Flagstaff C/S will be issued the later part of this week.  Attended the incident investigation and technical writing workshop in Omaha.  Assisted the Mountainair team with the semiannual Title V compliance monitoring report  for C/S No.7.  A meeting was held in Phoenix, Az with PG&E to review charges and invoices by PG&E for PCB management and disposal activities on their system for the last several months.   Also discussed was recent liquids sampling results and proposed PCB activities on the PG&E system for 2002. 
 Bill as per your request, presented below is a status of the air permitting= activity by the agencies as of today 11/01/01.  Stations 1 and 2. The EPA has completed is review of these state permits an= d has sent them back to the ADEQ for comment.  I have spoken to Shudeish, t= he permit engineer for the ADEQ, and he is reviewing EPA's comments as this= e mail is being written.  He will give me a call when his review is comple= te, but he does not anticipate any major issues which cant be resolved prio= r to the public hearing.  These permits went out for public notice on Octob= er 15 and 16, which means that the comment period ends on Nov. 15 and 16.  = The ADEQ plans on holding the public hearing for both permits on monday Nov= . 19 in Williams AZ. at 7:00 pm.  I plan on being there.  Williams is locat= ed approx. 30 miles west of Flagstaff, AZ.  The address for the hearing is = the Council Chambers located at 113 south 1st street.  So far, there have b= een no responses submitted to the ADEQ by the public.  In EPA's review proc= ess, they  had a problem with methodology proposed by Transwestern for meas= uring sulfur in the fuel gas.  We had proposed stain tubes in the custom fu= el monitoring schedule, they wanted us to do wet chemistry.  We convinced t= hem otherwise (Byron, because of this, you wont need to order a sulfur anal= yzer for the Needles facility.  This should save you about $40K).  There wa= s also an issue with manufacturers quarantees regarding particulate matter = emissions from the turbine and catepillar.  This has been resolved also.  Stations 3 and 4.  I received a call from Roger Kohn, the permit engineer f= or the EPA.  He is satisified with the permit application contents and has = also approved stain tubes for the sulfur measurement at these locations.  T= here are no outstanding issues on these permits from the EPA.  The public c= omment period for the Station 3 and 4 permits ends Nov.  3.  After this dat= e, it will take 1-2 weeks for the Regional Administrator of the EPA to sign= off on the permits  and then he will have them issued to Transwestern.  As= of this date, there have been no comments submitted to the EPA for the per= mits for station 3 and or 4.  Ill keep everyone apprised of future events. 
 John, in response to you questions below, im da man.  Ill call you today or tomorrow concerning  your possible suggestions and recommendations for dinner, blocking the rooms and the time for the event....the group had originally planned on blocking out 70 rooms.  Enough for the field DES's, safety specialists, env. and safety group in Houston, Danny Pribbles direct reports, Rich Jolly and his advisors, plus guests and speakers.......anyone else? 
 Particpated in the EPA NFL spill release and discharge data request for the Midland Region.  A meeting was held with the New Mexico Environment Department, Air Quality Bureau concerning the NOV for the P-1 C/S.  Transwestern presented letters from the AQB to Transwestern which apparently had not been reviewed by the AQB prior to issuance of the NOV.  The AQB requested a delay to re evaluate the new evidence which had been given to them.  They indicated that they would be contacting us after they had reviewed this new data and information. 
 Leon, thanks for the list.  If this is a complete list of the parts which are replaced, what parts are "common" between the 3505 and the 4700?  Bill Scott is the attorney on this for Enron and I have copied him on this correspondence  "wcs@modrallcom."  Plese keep him in the loop on this...... 
 Began initial field confirmation of EOTT crude oil tanks and equipment in the MIdland Region.  Five of the thirteen teams which have EOTT facilites have been inpsected and appropriate changes made to the database and spreadsheet.  A meeting was held with the Midland field teams which have Title V facilities, to complete and submit the required annual certifications.  All Title V locations in the MIdland region were in compliance for this year.  Region IX EPA has made a determination that prior to issuance of the air permits for the Redrock turbine installation, Transwestern is to conduct an endangered species survey of C/S's 3 and 4.  A contractor has been contacted and the surveys will be completed prior to September 15th.   This is not a new issue, as EPA Region VI, Dallas required consideration of the Endangered Species Act to be completed at the Luguna C/S, which is on Laguna Indian Lands.  The Title V permit will not be issued for the Laguna C/S until the EPA is satisified that endangered species are not a concern.  Preliminary environmental and right of way field data are being provided to an environmental contractor to initiate a fatal flaw analysis of a proposed project for Transwestern Pipeline Company.  Continued EOTT crude oil release data collections for forthcoming Sept. 27th NFL meeting in MIdland. 
 The State of New Mexico conducted a surprise air inspection of the TW Atoka No.3 C/S.  The agency found no non compliance issues or violoations during the inspection.  The second quarter Transwestern/SoCal PCB management committee meeting was held this week.  Transwestern's share of the PCB management and disposal activities on the SoCal system for the quarter was $125,950.00.  The State of New Mexico has issued the settlement penalty for the turbine replacement issue at the P-1 C/S.  The original amount levied against Transwestern in 1997  was $14,700.  After the Air Quality Bureau sat on this issue for more than 4 years without resolution, they reassessed the penalty to be $162,770.   A conference call will be set up to discuss Transwestern's next course of action.  The summary report for due diligence conducted in Portland Ore. was completed and submitted to Environmental Affairs in Houston. 
 Donna/Arnold  sorry about not making the conference call today.  The state of New Mexico showed up at my office this  morning and made a surprise inspection at one of our C/S south of Roswell.  I felt the need to tag along with them....  Heres the way it is.  The EPA is required to address all federal concerns when they are the lead agency is a permitting issue.  Even when it comes to an issue like approving a turbine installation on previously disturbed ground, they are required to ensure compliance with the Endangered Species Act (ESA).  This is not a new issue with the EPA.  Im having the same thing happen to me by the EPA I had called the EPA in San Francisco about the status of the air permits for the Red Rock expansion for C/S 3 and 4.  The permitting engineer told me that prior to issuance of the permits, their air group would need assurances that the ESA regulations are being adressed.  I told the engineer that becasue C/S 3 and 4 are on the reservation and that the Navajo Nation has its own EPA group, that the ESA requirements are taken care of by the Navajo Nation EPA.  (As you remember, the Navajo Nation verbally told me that surveys would not be requried on the compressor station sites for endangered plants and or animals).   I gave the EPA engineer the Navajo Nation Fish and Wiildlife contact and he said that he would give him a call and that he would also check this issue out with the legal attorneys with the EPA.  Bottom line is that we are waiting for a response from EPA as to whether surveys would be required or not.  I told him that we were expecting the permits by the end of September and that if necessary, I would schedule ESA surveys and circumvent this whole issue.  He advised me not to do this.  I think his decision had something to do with  the EPA usurping authority of the Navajos and asserting authority on Indian Lands without Indian consent.  He said he would get back with me on this by Friday as to whether their attorneys agreed that the jurisdiction of the EPA on Navajo Lands when the Navajos have an environmental agency which administrates these types of issues.  Im a little irritated that the EPA didnt notify me about this when it first became an issue, but didnt pursue this as I didnt want to possibly  delay issuance of the permits.  Ill send something out via email when I hear from the EPA. 
 The Southwest Region will be hosting its 2001 environmental roundtable in Albuquerque, NM on October 16-17 at the Holiday Inn Crowne Plaza (505) 821-3333.  Room rates are $89.00 per night.  Each attendee will be responsible for his/her room reservations for the two day event.  The agenda for this roundtable will be sent out in the near future.  If you would like to be a speaker and give a presentation on a topic or product please send to my attention for possible incorporation into the program.  In order to hold a sufficient block of rooms, provide adequate roundtable space and accomodations,  your reply is required to my attention via emal or voice mail (505) 625-8022 by September 31. 
 The State of New Mexico has issued the settlement penalty for the turbine replacement issue at the P-1 C/S.  You may remember that the original amount levied against Transwestern in 1997  was $14,700.  After the Air Quality Bureau sat on this issue for more than 4 years, they reassessed the penalty to be $162,770.  I would like to get together and discus what our options are on this. 
 Jerry, I have not cancelled the Station 4 air permit.  I have spoken to Roger Kohn,EPA permit engineer,  about the possibility of not doing the turbine installation at station 4 only due to what you described as not enough market commitment.  My plans are to hold off on making any decisions and have the EPA issue the station 4 permit.  If we do not initiate any construction pertaining to the turbine or auxillary generators, then the new permit doesnt apply and we can still operate under the existing permit which was issued about 2 years ago.  In Enron, 6 months is an eternity and who knows what will happern then?  By having the permit, but not constructing, we will be  OK. If we decide to do the turbine project  within the period of time that the permit is valid, then were ahead of the game.  If not, and a more firm decision is made to not do anything in the future, Ill contact EPA and request termination of the permit.  Usually, the agency places a caveot that if construction does not proceed in a specified time then the permit automatically cancels itself and the facility must comply witht he conditions of the existing permit for the facility.. 
 Kevin, as promised, attached is the information that was found by David Roensch on environemntal perspectives in the Flagstaff area...... 
 The Air Quality Bureau conducted an agency inspection of C/S's 7 Mountainair and 8 Corona.  There were no deficiencies or items of concern identified by the inspector.  Facility records were copied from the Air Quality Bureas files in Santa Fe for the P-1 C/S.  The excess emissions semiannual report as required under NSPS for turbines was submitted for the Bloomfield C/S.  A custom fuel monitoring schedule  reqeust was submitted to Region VI EPA for the NNG Plains turbine C/S.  Emissions fees were submitted for Laguna C/S.  A meeting will be held with the vice president of development for the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation to begin preparation of a MOU between Enron and the Foundation.  The meeting will be held in Albuq. during the 1st or 3rd week in August. 
 Bill, presented below is a summary of the Midland EOTT tank compliance=20 status verified by fax and telephone with the teams.  This information is 9= 8%=20 complete until actual onsite verification occurs, which is set up for the= =20 month of August. I plan on visiting each team and tank in the Midland=20 Region.  However, until the site visits are completed, this should give you= a=20 good idea of the status of the EOTT pipeline tanks stand with respect to ai= r=20 compliance. =20  1. Tank compliance database, general.  The database, which included 366 tan= ks=20 at the onset, has been reduced to 106 EOTT P/L tanks.  Tanks operated by EO= TT=20 Trucking; non-EOTT tanks;  tanks sold, removed, duplicated, or otherwise=20 listed in error, were removed (and saved in another file).  Of the 106 tank= s=20 listed, 80 are active, 12 are inactive, 10 are permanently out-of-service,= =20 and 4 are abandoned in place.  =20 2. Permit issues.=20 Federal  a. Title V permit concerns do not appear to be a problem.  Electric pumps a= re=20 the norm  at EOTT tank farms, so site emissions are exclusively from the=20 tanks and do not exceed 100 TPY.  (Only Crane Station has a Title V permit)= . =20 This statement is based on =01&worst case=018 calculations using EPA TANKS = 4.0=20 which indicated that in a:  5,000 bbl fixed roof tank:  3.6 MM bbls of RVP 5 crude throughput  (i.e., 7= 20=20 turnovers) produced annual emissions of 48 tons (2 tpy breathing loss, 46 t= py=20 working loss).=20  55,000 bbl EFR tank:  14.0 MM bbls of RVP 5 crude throughput  (i.e., 255=20 turnovers) produced annual emissions of 9 tons (6 tpy breathing loss, 3 tpy= =20 working loss).=20  55,000 bbl fixed roof tank:  14.0 MM bbls of RVP 5 crude throughput  (i.e.,= =20 255 turnovers) produced annual emissions of 4 tons (1 tpy breathing loss, 3= =20 tpy working loss).=20   State=20  b. State permit concerns do not appear to be a problem.  Sixty-three (63) o= f=20 the 106 tanks were constructed before 1971 (and not modified or=20 reconstructed). These tanks are grandfathered and require no permit as long= =20 as throughputs do not significantly change. =20  All of the EOTT Texas tanks of any size constructed/modified/reconstructed= =20 after 1971 and equipped with a floating roof are exempt under Standard=20 Exemption 86, currently known as Permit-by-Rule 106.478.   None of the tank= s=20 store material with a true vapor pressure above 11.0 psia, and total actual= =20 VOC emissions authorized under exemption from any site does not exceed the = 30=20 TAC 106.4 limit of 25 tpy.   No registration for the exemption is necessary= ,=20 since the tanks are not located in a nonattainment county for ozone.  New Mexico=01,s permitting program for petroleum storage tanks is being=20 developed but,  currently, there are no requirements. Therefore, all EOTT= =20 tanks in New Mexico meet state permit requirements.  However, when finalize= d,=20 the control requirements for tanks in New Mexico will not be more stringent= =20 than the federal NSPS Subpart Kb.  Therefore, a tank equipped with a floati= ng=20 roof would be authorized to store petroleum product with a true vapor=20 pressure up to 11.0 psia.   Only the four fixed roof tanks at Maljamar and= =20 the one at Loco Hills could be affected.=20  4. Recordkeeping and inspection issues.  The grandfathered tanks have no=20 requirements. For tanks subject to NSPS Subpart K, only capacity data is=20 required.  Tanks subject to Ka and Kb require inspection, repairs if=20 warranted, and recordkeeping. =20  Note: Especially for some of the older tanks, neither a manufacturer=01,s= =20 identification plate or=20 strapping table is available.  I would suggest that we pursue a records=20 search of old EOTT files to verify construction dates.  I dont know where t= o=20 start on this.  5. Specific compliance/requirements summary.  The tabled information=20 identifies the following:  Federal - 2 tanks (McElroy 58005, Loco Hills 4602) may not be meeting NSPS control= =20 requirements - 4 tanks (Maljamar 1519-1522)  may not be meeting NSPS control requirement= s  (All are cone tanks,  subject to Ka/Kb.  Based on a capacity > 472 bbls and= =20 product true vapor pressure > 2.18 psia, the tanks require a floating roof = or=20 closed vent system);  - 28 tanks at 18 sites are subject to NSPS K/Ka/Kb inspection and/or=20 recordkeeping requirements: K (recordkeeping of tank capacity, dimensions only): Foster 787, 790=20 Quito-Hendrick 58044 Sands 15089A Lynch 1511;  Ka/Kb (inspection & recordkeeping): Burger 58018 (if returned to active status) China Grove 56007-56010 Garden City 56003 Haskell, N. 58509 (if returned to active status) Haskell, S.  58023 (and 58022, if returned to active status) McAfee 1523 McElroy 58005 Midland 1516 Scurry 1517 Wildfire 1524 Livingston-Ridge 68414 Loco Hills 4602, 68417, 68418 Maljamar 1519-1522 Sonora 1515 (if returned to active status) Thomas 68413  State  - Crane Station has an emissions potential > 100 tpy and is therefore=20 required to remit a TNRCC emissions fee, due by 11/1 each year:=20 =20  10 sites are subject to an NSPS Subpart (i.e., K, Ka, Kb) and are therefor= e=20 required to remit a  TNRCC emissions fee, due by 11/1 each year:=20 China Grove, Foster, Garden City, Haskell S., McAfee, McElroy, Midland,=20 Quito-Hendrick, Scurry, Wildfire;  - 8 sites need a TNRCC account number from the Regional office: China Grove= , =20 Haskell S., McAfee, McElroy, Midland, Quito-Hendrick,=20 Scurry, Wildfire;=20 I have initiated the request to the TNRCC for account number for the above= =20 sites =20 - 4 additional sites which, if returned to active status, need a TNRCC=20 account number and are subject to a TNRCC emissions fee, due by 11/1: Burger, Haskell N., Sands, Sonora;  - 3 sites that are not subject to a TNRCC emissions fee, but paid one last= =20 year: Adair, Hendrick, Ozona.  6. Specific inspection requirements: Primary and secondary seal inspections= .=20 See Attachment A for list of tanks affected.=20 API Standard 653-based  =01&In-service=018 inspection checklist. Internal/External Floating Roof Inspection Report checklists. Sketch and Calculation for Perimeter Seal Gap Measurement.   Comprehensive =01&Out-of-service=018 inspections are performed after the ta= nk is=20 cleaned and should=20 be budgeted at approximately $5000. each.  This will include a thorough flo= or=20 scan but will not include required repairs.  =20  =20    ATTACHMENT A  IFR/EFR Storage Tanks Seal Inspections    For the tanks equipped with a floating roof and subject to Ka or Kb, the=20 following requirements apply:  - Tanks with an IFR (internal floating roof) require an internal inspection= =20 every 5 years (however, the interval can be extended to every 10 years if an annual visua= l=20 inspection is performed):  Burger 58018 (if returned to service) China Grove 56007-56010 Garden City 56003 Haskell S. 58023 (and 58022, if returned to service) McAfee 1523 Midland 1516 Scurry 1517 Wildfire 1524 Livingston Ridge 68414=20 Loco Hills 66417, 66418 Thomas 68413    - Tanks with an EFR (external float. roof) require measurement of the gap= =20 between the shell wall and the primary seal every 5 years, and between the= =20 shell wall and the secondary seal  annually:  Foster 787, 790 Quito-Hendrick 58044 Lynch 1511 Sonora 1515 (if returned to service)     =20 
 I received from the TNRCC an NOV letter for the above facility for failure to submit an emissions inventory for 2000.  This notification from the agency originally came to Rick Loveless by way of Wayne Brunette.  I called the TNRCC and spoke to Kevin Cauble concerning the NOV and he pulled the emissions inventory submitted in 1999 for the facility.  Because VOC's are the issue, I asked him what the emissions were for VOC's on the 1999 inventory.  Kevin stated that the inventory showed VOC emissions of 19.50 tons/yr actuals and 33.56 tons/yr potentials.  We discussed why EOTT would submit an inventory as it is not a major source and not required to.  The only thing we could come up with is that EOTT may have anticipated an increase in throughput at this site and therefore, wanted to ensure that this facility was shown as a title V source.  According to the phone records from the TNRCC for this facility, Craig Willoughby of Entrix had  requested that the faciltiy be kept on the list of facilities required to do inventories.  I have a call into EOTT to determine whether increased throughput is proposed for this facility in the near future.  In speaking with Kevin, he suggested that if a determination is made that if there is to be an increased throughput that wont exceed the 100 ton/yr limit on VOC's, or that throughput conditions remain approximately consistent with previous years, EOTT should provide written notification to the agency that this facility does not meet the applicability requirements of 101.10 (emissions inventory requirements) and request that this facility be removed from the TNRCC mailings. Should EOTT confirm the status of operating throughput to be below the 100 ton/yr VOC emissions limit, I will make make written notification to the TNRCC requesting removal from the list. 
 In the final phase of developing and determining environmental compliance for the EOTT crude oil tanks in the Midland Region, I have planned a one day site visit on the following days to visit each team location to finalize the spreadsheet for EOTT crude oil tank environmental compliance:  Hobbs team  August 6 8:00 am  Lovington team  August 7 8:00 am  Jal team  August 8 8:00 am  Eunice team  August 9 8:00 am  I would appreciate one member from each team be available at the team office on the assigned day and time to discuss tank history and possibly visit each tank farm within the teams area of responsibility.  Your patience and assistance in finalizing this information will be greatly appreciated.  If a conflict arises, give me a call at (505) 625-8022. 
 Be advised that there will be a meeting on Thursday 11:00 am August 23 at the NNG Turbine station, south of Kermit Tx.  to complete and submit annual certification reports which are required by the following Title V permitted facilities:  Seminole Brownfield Plainview  Spraberry  Irion Co. No. 1 Reagan Co. 2 Eldorado  Wt-2 Walton Keystone  Kermit Turbine  Should a team decide not to attend this meeting, be advised that the required submittal date for the annual certifications for the state of Texas is September 8, 2001.  It will be your teams responsibility to ensure that the certifications are submitted prior to the 9/8/01 deadline should you decide not to attend the August 23 meeting. 
 Kim, please give me a call at (505) 625-8022 concerning the above.  Im trying to generate employee interest in the RMEF and need some help.  Ive gotten some positive requests and involvement from some employees about the Foundation, but would like to open it up to others in Enron. 
 The annual pollution prevention plans were completed and submitted to the State of Arizona.  These plans are requried for the three large quantity generators of hazardous waste in Arizona.  Annual hazardous waste fees were paid and submitted to the State of New Mexico for four facilities in New Mexico.  A conference call was held with Houston Legal and Environmetnal Affairs to discuss the alleged NOV issued for the P-1 C/S which involved a turbine like for like replacement activity.  Data has begun to be collected to substantiate Transwestern's position concerning the proposed action by the State of New Mexico.  A field trip was made to the Air Quality Bureau to copy all files relevant to the P-1 C/S and will be delivered to the contract attorney who will be assisting Transwestern with this issue.  Copies of the New Mexico EOTT air permits were received.  Comparisons will be made with the nearly completed EOTT tank database spreadsheet to determine status of permit compliance with each air permit. 
 I received a phone call from Frank Van Ryn of Koch, concerning the letter that was sent to him on 6/19.  Frank has stated that Koch will be contacting Arco concerning the two contamination issues.  Apparently Koch has been indemnified by Arco for the mercury issue and possibly the hydrocabon issue at well.  In any event, Frank said that he would be getting back with me in a couple of weeks to present a plan and initiate the cleanup, but wanted to discuss the issue with Arco. I will keep everyone apprised on the progress. 
 Transwestern received a Compliance Order from the State of New Mexico, Air Quality Bureau, for an outstanding turbine replacement activity at the P-1 C/S which occurred in 1996.   Transwestern had met with the AQB over this issue in 1996 and assumed that the issue had been resolved, as no further actions were received from the agency until this Compliance Order was received. The issue in question was Transwestern's replacement of interchangeable internal components from a 4700 turbine into the existing smaller turbine (3505).  The larger internal components  (inlet guide vanes/nozzles) which were placed into the 3505 were mechanically derated to simulate conditions of the smaller turbine.  When Transwestern received permit approval from the AQB to operate at the larger turbine capacity, Transwestern made the upgrade adjustments and then operated at the higher turbine value 4700.  The AQB did not understand that Transwestern could not make the adjustments to the inlet guide vanes as any such activity by Transwestern would void the warranty with Soalr Mfg.  Only Solar is authorized to make adjustments to the turbine.  This prevents Transwestern from randomly and arbitrarily manipulating and adjusting horsepowers of this turbine at their descretion.  In the 1996 meeting with the AQB, Transwestern committed to conducting a emissions test of the 4700 to determine if emissions were more or less than the permitted values for the 3505.  It was shown that emissions from the 4700 were less than that permitted by the AQB for the 3505.  It should also be mentioned that the 3505 was a regerative turbine and the 4700 is a simple cycle.  Apparently, EPA has mandated that the AQB act on all issues considered to be outstanding as determined by the EPA.  Dave Nutt has been sent the Compliance Order to review.  Under the conditions of the Order, Transwestern has 30 days to request another hearing.  Id like to have a group discussion to decide how Transwestern will manage and handle this issue.  Would someone contact Anabelle and have her set up a conference call for sometime next week? 
 Bill as per your request, presented below is a status of the air permitting activity by the agencies as of today 11/01/01.  Stations 1 and 2. The EPA has completed is review of these state permits and has sent them back to the ADEQ for comment.  I have spoken to Shudeish, the permit engineer for the ADEQ, and he is reviewing EPA's comments as this e mail is being written.  He will give me a call when his review is complete, but he does not anticipate any major issues which cant be resolved prior to the public hearing.  These permits went out for public notice on October 15 and 16, which means that the comment period ends on Nov. 15 and 16.  The ADEQ plans on holding the public hearing for both permits on monday Nov. 19 in Williams AZ. at 7:00 pm.  I plan on being there.  Williams is located approx. 30 miles west of Flagstaff, AZ.  The address for the hearing is the Council Chambers located at 113 south 1st street.  So far, there have been no responses submitted to the ADEQ by the public.  In EPA's review process, they  had a problem with methodology proposed by Transwestern for measuring sulfur in the fuel gas.  We had proposed stain tubes in the custom fuel monitoring schedule, they wanted us to do wet chemistry.  We convinced them otherwise (Byron, because of this, you wont need to order a sulfur analyzer for the Needles facility.  This should save you about $40K).  There was also an issue with manufacturers quarantees regarding particulate matter emissions from the turbine and catepillar.  This has been resolved also.  Stations 3 and 4.  I received a call from Roger Kohn, the permit engineer for the EPA.  He is satisified with the permit application contents and has also approved stain tubes for the sulfur measurement at these locations.  There are no outstanding issues on these permits from the EPA.  The public comment period for the Station 3 and 4 permits ends Nov.  3.  After this date, it will take 1-2 weeks for the Regional Administrator of the EPA to sign off on the permits  and then he will have them issued to Transwestern.  As of this date, there have been no comments submitted to the EPA for the permits for station 3 and or 4.  Ill keep everyone apprised of future events. 
 Had a conversation with Dan Walker, V.P. of Development for the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation concerning Enron's future as a partner.  Dan will be meeting with the CEO of the Foundation to pursue actions towards an Agreement or MOU between Enron and the RMEF.  Interest has been surprisingly high for employees within and without GPG expressing a desire to be involved with the Foundation.  Assisted C/S No. 8, Corona with the development and submittal of the facility's Title V semi annual report and annual compliance certification report submittals.  Presented annual pollution prevention training for the Kingman and Flagstaff teams as required by the State of Arizona for large quantity generators of hazardous waste.  Received a Compliance Order from the State of New Mexico, Air Quality Bureau, for an outstanding turbine replacement activity at the P-1 C/S which occurred in 1996.   Transwestern had met with the AQB over this issue in 1996 and assumed that the issue had been resolved. The issue in question was Transwestern's replacement of internal components from a smaller turbine to a larger turbine, with the internal components of the larger turbine components (inlet guide vane adjustment and removal of the regenerator) mechanically adjusted to simulate conditions of the smaller turbine.  When Transwestern received permit approval from the AQB to operate at the larger turbine capacity, Transwestern made the upgrade adjustments operable.   Apparently, EPA has mandated that the AQB act on all issues considered to be outstanding as determined by the EPA.  Dave Nutt has been sent the Compliance Order to review.  Under the conditions of the Order, Transwestern has 30 days to request another hearing. 
 John, I just spoke with Dan Walker, Vice President  of Development for the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation about Enron's initiative for a corporation partnership.  After we had discussed our interest and desire and what opportunities are available with the Foundation for Enron, Dan stated that will be visiting with the Foundation's CEO next week and one of the issues to be discussed will be development of  an MOU or Agreement between Enron and the RMEF.  Looks like things are beginning to progress.  Im having quite a bit of interest from some of the Houston based Enron employees about how they can get involved.  Any suggestions on how I can "advertise" opportunities within the Corporation for employee involvement with the RMEF? 
 Eunice team,  The NNG Eunice C/S is required to prepare and submit the semi annual and annual reports required by the facilities Title V Operating Permit which was issued by the State of New Mexico.  The reports are required to be submitted to the state of New Mexico and the EPA by July 19, 2001.   These reports are required even though the facility is not in operation.  If you would like assistance in the preparation and submittal of each document, give me a call and we can set up a time to meet at the C/S to do each report. This should take about half a day. 
 Ivan,  the reason that you're having such a hard time making contact, is because the Foundation is going through some changes in their management. They are having a big pow-wow  this week to get things straightened out.  The new CEO will be a person named Ron Marcoux, and I  will be speaking with him next week.  In the interim, I have been working out some issues with the New Mexico/Texas Director and am scheduled  to meet with the Arizona Director in a couple of weeks.  Its pretty exciting to see the support from others in Enron.  Based upon initial contacts with the Missoula headquarters and regional directors, habitat conservation efforts are where the Foundation is placing a large part of its emphasis.   Ill keep you apprised of the partnership and how others can get involved after my discussions with the Foundations new CEO........ 
 I would be honored.  Do we meet there or somewhere else? 
 call me at home 
 http://ca1.tradewave.com/tradeauth/userReg/SPP/EPMI 
 John, in response to you questions below, im da man.  Ill call you today or tomorrow concerning  your possible suggestions and recommendations for dinner, blocking the rooms and the time for the event....the group had originally planned on blocking out 70 rooms.  Enough for the field DES's, safety specialists, env. and safety group in Houston, Danny Pribbles direct reports, Rich Jolly and his advisors, plus guests and speakers.......anyone else? 
 9214 Sanford 77031   steve  send the failure to deliver message you got to my it contact.  daniel.muschar.enron.com 
 KJ 
 I'm free all day.  Give me a time. 
 Have you decided what time is good? 
 Have you deposited the wedding check?  I'm trying to balance my checkbook.  LC 
 SORRY. WON'T HAPPEN AGAIN 
 Gary,  I no longer work on the gas desk.  My replacement is Sherry Pendegraft.  Her number is 713.345.3461  LC 
 http://mis.nyiso.com/public/rtapp/nyiso.html 
 Roger, if EPA has approved other alternate methods for determining sulfur in fuel gas, can you approve of these for our sulfur methods?   The reason I ask is that we are not set up to do any of the applications mentioned in Appendix D.  We  have approved custom fuel monitoring schedules in place at 5 other compressor station locations and have been approved to use "stain tubes" or total sulfur analyzers.  These were issued by Region IX and Region VI.  I can send you copies of the approvals from the other Regions if that will help. If not, I would recommend that you write the permit with all the below referenced test methods and we will work out the details.  WIll it be possible to make a change to the permit after things quiet down a bit and we have more time to taylor the permit  for you and us? 
 call me after 3. 713.853.9351  LC 
 give me your number.  i'll call you in the afternoon, after 3:00, sometime this week.  LC 
 you might want to get on this list. 
 what are you talking about???? 
 what about lake charles? 
 Noon works really well for me. When did you make partner?  LC 
 do you have specific time info for saturday's activities? i might be tied up in the morning.  LC 
 BOTH  Since I'm a single man, I would be willing to contribute whatever is necessary to make this a memorable event for you.  LC 
 I guess I can try to clear my calendar( ha ha).  Just let me know when and where. Why am I the only one on this e-mail list?  LC 
 sign me up. 
 Shudeish, our advisor in Arizona left me a voice mail message that the signs were posted at both locations...thanks for your help with an expited request to Region IX EPA. 
 What are the Klan's attitude toward Asians?   LC 
 Scott--  Would you please include my name on all future e-mails. I am the real time NY/NE trader.  LC 
 Here are the directions:   Bank of America 1.800.299.2265  1) press 0# twice in order to bypass the voice menu and connect to an operator. 2) tell them you need to wire funds.   Datek http://www.datek.com/popinframe.html?ref=/helpdesk/index.html&navNumber=3  This link has all the info you need. On the left side of the page, click "Helpdesk" then "Managing funds". Scroll down to the heading, "Wire Instructions for Transfer of Funds to Datek Online". Have this page up while you talk with the bank operator because she will need the info off this page. 
 Think about it over the weekend.  I'll call you Sunday.  The RSVP is next Wednesday.   LC 
 Kayne--  I need you to e-mail these two people, carlj@pjm.com & grosser@pjm.com, to inform them that Zurita is no longer our oasis administrater. They need Richard's info on file:  Enron North America Richard Hrabal 1400 Smith Street  #3111f Houston, TX  77002-7361 richard.hrabal@enron.com 713.853.1810  lc 
 Shudeish, I spoke with Roger Kohn, Region IX EPA permit engineer, about the time his agency will take to do the air permit reveiw for Kingman and Flagstaff.  He stated that EPA normally gets the allowed 45 days to do the permit review, however, at the request of the state agency, his office will do an expidited review.  Because of the urgency of Transwetern desiring to initiate construction, by this email, I am asking the ADEQ to request  an expidited review  of the Kingman and Flagstaff air permits from the EPA.  Again, thanks for your work and effort that you have put in on this project. 
 I am no longer with the gas desk. Sherry is the contact person. 713.345.3461 
 Datek???? 
 http://mis.nyiso.com/public/rtapp/nyiso.html   click on this then bookmark it. 
 get transmission done 
 I don't have an expense account.  I guess I'll let the money sit until I think it's safe to take it out.  Thanks for your help.  LC 39351 
 Lawrence  We bought 100mw at $50 for HE 11-23 edt.  If the P&L shows 50mw, that's because we had to give the cash guys 50mw.  Larry C. 800-963-0942 
 he did not.  but he did predict your homosexual preoccupations. 
 Amy,  John Kinser and I will be attending.   Larry 
 10-4.  I saw a picture of Dustin's deer, pretty nice.  someone from BLM told me a deer came in from the sandhills east of town that was 29" and non typical.  I also heard of some deer that were taken north of town that were pretty nice also (16-24"). Dont you think it s funny that we spend all kinds of money and time traveling to all our secret spots and the big ones are right in our back yard?  Im planning on taking some time off for the holidays, so If I dont hear from you have a wonderful Christmas and keep your focus on the Lord, He's our only salvation.  So often we look to other things to give us security and joy and we so often forget, that for those that love Him and have confessed Him as our Savior He is our strength and hope of a future eternal glory.....May God be your source of strength, Merry Christmas... 
 Charlie, when Butch had Getman's wife count the number of people using the water at Station 5, did the number of users not equal the public water system numbers (ie 25 people daily at least 60 days per year?)  I though we were always a public water system at Station 5?   We better discuss this, as we could be in some trouble if we do service 25 people and are not doing the sampling..... 
 I HAVE submitted all receipts for the expense reports submitted to you.  I will resend them again. 
 David, I got hte same message from Don.  I found out he became a believer about a couple of months ago and I have been spending a little time sharing Christ with him.  Im sure hes going through a tough period now.  If you saved his address you may want to congraulate him into the family.  Thanks for the prayers.  Its funny, but Im not too shook up about this.  what ever happens happens and I know I cant do anything about it.  It must the the Spirit within me, but Im relatively calm about the whole situation.  I find that when I hang aroundthe guys in the office and we start gripping, I loose my focus and start looking like a carnal Christian.  So Im better off away from the troops and just trnding to business.  Bill Kendrick seems to be pretty focused also. Im glad for that.  I know hes under a lot of stress.  It seems the people tied to the pipeline assets are the safest.  If it is a business unit with income coming in, Enron wants you.  The gossip and garbage going around about what and how Enron is going to do to bail itself out is rampant.  I just know that there arent too many people loyal to Enron right now. Many fortunes and retirements have been lost and many of those who had retired in the last several months are trying to get back on with the different companies.   Someone said 4500 people in Enron Houston were given pink slips.  This is a bad time for all with Christmas around the corner, but then maybe, just like September 11, maybe its another wake up call for people to understand that the things in this world arent very stable and reliable.  I hope that this turns many to Jesus.  Another one of those Romans 8:28 passages which seems to have direct relevance right now.  If you can, say a prayer for those that arent employeed anymore and feel like they have lost everything.  Hope your holidays will be blessed with some of your family coming in. Do you have plans to do any downhill skiing in Quatar over Christmas.... 
 I received this message 
 Cute, Mr. McMinn.  HOws things in Santa Fe? 
 Im on vacation till Jan. 2.  If you want to discuss this, give me a call at the house (505) 624-0353. 
 Bill Ive got an "I pay it" notification for some Argent invoices for EOTT that keeps coming to my mailbox.  Im pretty sure that you have allready paid these.  I keep getting notifications and dont know how to notify the system that these have been taken care of.  To let you know which EOTT invoices Im speaking of, Ill forward them to your attention. 
 I received this message 
 thanx dude. 
 David, the next matrix yousend in, please provide information in box D where is asks for location of activities.  station yard, right of way, tandk farm etc... 
 Thanks, Celestine, everything appears to be working fine..... 
 John, Im in the office for a few hours cleaning out email and stomping out some minor fires.  The two RMEF persons we met with are Dan Walker and Allen Kerby.  Allen is the regional director for NM and TX.  Dan was the guy we picked up at the airport from Montana.  I think his title was VP of business operations?  His number is 1-800-225-5355.  Allen's number in Las Vegas NM is 505-454-9390.  Hope that all is well with you and the family. 
 thanks, Danny for sending out this heads up 
 Steve, what I have on my board is that when cubix did the test for 703 the engine load was 89%.  If Cubix is willing to provide us a report that shows the load on 703 to be greater than 90%, we've satisified the compliance testing for 703.  Id like to have a copy of the revised report to submit to the Air Quality Bureau for their records and the facility should also have copy.  My records show that the ceiling for using unit 702 is 68% load.  Under our agreement with the AQB, we can operate unit 702 ONLY UP TO A 68% LOAD.  Above this, we need to bring in Cubix or have a portable test completed to raise the ceiling of operation.  One other thing, there seem to be some confusion about which units are required to be tested at station 7.  I have a copy of the approval from the AQB about allowing us to test units 702 and 703 instead of 701 and 702.  Ill pass a copy of this letter on to anyone who needs it. 
 David got your voice mail last week.  Sorry about not getting to talk with you, but I am taking the month of December off so as not to give Enron my vacation.  Im not going to give it away anymore.  I would have liked to talked to you.  Things are somewhat stressful around here.  Probably worse in Houston.  Enron is screening  e mails so everyone is a little tense. Lots of things are going on with Enron trying to bail itself out of this mess.  As you may have heard, they severed about 4500 people so far, Joe Kolb and Don Stevens were among those.  Ive kept a low key on the daily news reports about what is going on, so I really dont know much.  This was a good time to take my vacation.  This whole thing doesnt seem to be bothering me, as I am relying on Jesus, my higher power and that has been my strength and comfort. Its a good feeling to know that whatever happens, my family and I will be just fine.  Hows Christmas in the desert? Were you able to find an acceptable substitute for a tree?  this was a good time for you to stretch your wings.  David, I hope you and everyone in the Ayers household has a very merry Christmas.  I think of you much and hold you in my prayers.  When we stop and reflect upon all that man has done to warp the meaning of our Savior's birth, it becomes hard to focus on the real meaing.  I pray that you are a wonderful witness to a lost and twisted people  in Katar and remember the love of Christ that was revealed to us in his cruxificion.  I am thankful for our Great High Priest who has opened up the doors of heaven for us and by His Spirit has given us the opportunity to peek through the veil and know the Holies of Holies.  May God bless each of you and continue to show you wonders of His love and grace.  Merry Christmas, Your brother in Christ 
 Mark, this is correct 
 David I got your test 
 Adel, please send this blank matrix to the project manager and have them complete the title information amd items A through E in the upper box on the first page, then send it to me. This will greatly  assist me in determining what permits, plans and other regulatory documents will be requried.  thanks 
 Guys, with respect to the above, as you know, WGR was responsible for all compliance submittals during the time that we owned and they operated.  I know in the past, prior to their taking over ownership, I would remind them each year that a particular document was requried.  I figured that when they became owners, they didnt need me anymore.  Louie, you are right, Phil Moyer was the environmental contact for WGR and he was the one I would contact and apprise.  It just so happens that I have copies of previous annual submittals from WGR for the Gomez facility  when the facility was under our ownership, their responsibility.  I even have a copy of the Title V Permit.  When I was told that we no longer owned the faclity, I sent all information I had to WGR, but kept copies of the stuff I had, just in case.  I can send it one more time if you want me too.  Let me know..... 
 please remove me from all future distributions. 
 MIke attached is my PEP with the revised changes.  This is being faxed to Bill 
 http://www.msnbc.com/news/646084.asp 
 http://home.enron.com/updates/mergerQA.html 
 please remove from distribution list 
 yes, increase it. 
 please remove from distribution list. 
 Title them anyway you want.  Tram's:  Wasn't me spin spin barbie girl look at us now ecstasy silence-----delirium everything but the girl one and one-------speed it up fable put me in heaven with your touch-------dj penetrate one more time angel   Mine:  silence-----delirium---all 4 versions put me in heaven with your touch-------dj penetrate heart-------pet shop boys i wanna know------joe stronger-------brittany spears one and one-------speed it up fable everything but the girl sexual------amber i see stars      Amber's phone number	281 2?6-822? 
  Title whatever you want.  Just one cd.  mac daddy---ask me about this one back in my life---alice dj? nothing compares 2 u---sinead o'connor men in black---will smith don't leave me this way------it's a disco song i will survive---gloria gaynor here with me----dido take your time(do it right)---sos band circle in the sand-----belinda carlisle in the air tonight---phil collins what's love got to do with it----tina turner rock steady---the whispers 
 please remove from list.  thank you. 
 i agree. 
   Dave,  Could you send me a hard copy of the transactions in question.  I tried to pull them up on the website but i guess it doesn't keep records that far back.   Larry 1-800-349-5527 
 who r u? r u a friend of Chi's? 
 you can reach me on my cell phone from now on. 713.628.0674.  call me. i lost all your phone numbers. 
 no problems.  i enjoyed the game. 
 he's adorable...must take after his mom. 
 http://eastpower.dev.corp.enron.com/portal/default.aspx?_PageIndex=0 
 http://www.iso-ne.com/cgi-bin/hourly_clearing/show_prices 
 You must be really bored to be e-mailing me about that.  Just name the time and place. 
 change per Settlement's request. 
 Pre-Star Trek?(the original) 
 i do not know this person.  i think you have the wrong larry campbell. 
 your resume is good enough b/c i gave it directly to the hiring people. 
 are you still working on your resume? 
 Don Baughman and Juan Hernandez.  If the listing you saw says Edwin Coulter, he no longer is part of the group.  LC 
 i fixed it. until further notice PJM to NY deals will have a trans. id of 5062820,5064308,or 5064505.  NY to PJM trans id is 5042199. lc 
 try to get it done by tommorow. 
 send me the resume 
 For the 100mw, use 622332.  For the 622285, use 5062820 
 I changed enpower. 
 its in.  626911 
 5069624 & 5069939 
 I need the 14,15,21 & 22 off.   Thanx. 
   Hi,  Have you had a chance to talk with Kevin or Dana about my moving over to scheduling. If not, should I approach them with my request.  Larry 
 The mws are accepted on their website.  You might have to dispute this. 
 I just put it in. 
 it's in there.  642595 
  Entered. 
 thanx. 
 WHICH HR IS DIFFERENT? 
 i'll change it in enpower 
 I just found out the group is fully staffed.  Going forward, they would only consider applicants with heavy experience.   LC 
 u have my permission to change it 
 going forward, go by the settlement report 
 i'm in for the night stuff.  just tell me when and where. 
 i changed it 
 Travis,   Count me in on Cozumel.   LC 
 http://www.quicken.com/investments/news/cbsmw/notemplates/frame.dcg?symbol=ENE&ntlink=/relocate/co=quotes_cbs;http://cbs.marketwatch.com/news/intuit/story.asp?guid=%7B9490A893%2D4795%2D4A61%2D9B4B%2D268C6F0C34DC%7D&siteid=intuit&dist=intuit&793136649 
 I AM NOT THE LARRY CAMPBELL YOU'RE LOOKING FOR. I'M LARRY F. CAMPBELL. 
 THANJ YOU. 
 THANK YOU. 
   Lewis Eugene Adkins 9214 Sanford Houston, TX 77031  DL# 04165772  Larry's cell 713-628-0674 
 THANK YOU 
 Scheduling Issue:  1024	MIRANT(Rala) told me that they could not schedule anymore transactions with me. She confirmed they were defaulting on their contracts.  1050	Informed DYPMI(Katherine) that MIRANT was defaulting on their contracts thus preventing me from fulfilling my obligation to DYPMI.  1200	Russell spoke to the DYPMI trader to discuss LD protocol.    Option Issue:  904	MIRANT(Blake Mason) would not accept my exercising of an option.  He confirmed they were defaulting on a firm LD product.  1051	Told WESCO(Sherry) that MIRANT's defaulting prevented me from fulfilling my obligation to them.  1200	WESCO(Sherry) informed me WESCO was going to LD ENRON. 
 No.  His e-mail is physics123@yahoo.com and home number is 7-662-3006 
 gfnbfgnf 
 John, in response to you questions below, im da man.  Ill call you today or tomorrow concerning  your possible suggestions and recommendations for dinner, blocking the rooms and the time for the event....the group had originally planned on blocking out 70 rooms.  Enough for the field DES's, safety specialists, env. and safety group in Houston, Danny Pribbles direct reports, Rich Jolly and his advisors, plus guests and speakers.......anyone else? 
 Bill as per your request, presented below is a status of the air permitting= activity by the agencies as of today 11/01/01.  Stations 1 and 2. The EPA has completed is review of these state permits an= d has sent them back to the ADEQ for comment.  I have spoken to Shudeish, t= he permit engineer for the ADEQ, and he is reviewing EPA's comments as this= e mail is being written.  He will give me a call when his review is comple= te, but he does not anticipate any major issues which cant be resolved prio= r to the public hearing.  These permits went out for public notice on Octob= er 15 and 16, which means that the comment period ends on Nov. 15 and 16.  = The ADEQ plans on holding the public hearing for both permits on monday Nov= . 19 in Williams AZ. at 7:00 pm.  I plan on being there.  Williams is locat= ed approx. 30 miles west of Flagstaff, AZ.  The address for the hearing is = the Council Chambers located at 113 south 1st street.  So far, there have b= een no responses submitted to the ADEQ by the public.  In EPA's review proc= ess, they  had a problem with methodology proposed by Transwestern for meas= uring sulfur in the fuel gas.  We had proposed stain tubes in the custom fu= el monitoring schedule, they wanted us to do wet chemistry.  We convinced t= hem otherwise (Byron, because of this, you wont need to order a sulfur anal= yzer for the Needles facility.  This should save you about $40K).  There wa= s also an issue with manufacturers quarantees regarding particulate matter = emissions from the turbine and catepillar.  This has been resolved also.  Stations 3 and 4.  I received a call from Roger Kohn, the permit engineer f= or the EPA.  He is satisified with the permit application contents and has = also approved stain tubes for the sulfur measurement at these locations.  T= here are no outstanding issues on these permits from the EPA.  The public c= omment period for the Station 3 and 4 permits ends Nov.  3.  After this dat= e, it will take 1-2 weeks for the Regional Administrator of the EPA to sign= off on the permits  and then he will have them issued to Transwestern.  As= of this date, there have been no comments submitted to the EPA for the per= mits for station 3 and or 4.  Ill keep everyone apprised of future events. 
 The third quarter PCB meeting with Southern California Gas Company was held this morning.  SoCal presented a third quarter invoce of their PCB management and disposal activities for which Transwestern is responsible for $120,602.19.  All charges were appropriate and considered normal operating expenses for PCB activities in California.  The public hearing was held in Williams, AZ for the Kingman and Flagstaff air permits under the Redrok Expansion.  There were no comments or concerns brought up at the meeting as no individuals came to the meeting.  An email was received from the ADEQ presenting the minor additions which will be added to each permit.  Each comment and addition will not impact or change the draft permits which were received earlier this month.  The permits for Klagetoh and Luepp were received from the EPA last week.  The permits from the ADEQ for the Kingman and Flagstaff C/S will be issued the later part of this week.  Attended the incident investigation and technical writing workshop in Omaha.  Assisted the Mountainair team with the semiannual Title V compliance monitoring report  for C/S No.7.  A meeting was held in Phoenix, Az with PG&E to review charges and invoices by PG&E for PCB management and disposal activities on their system for the last several months.   Also discussed was recent liquids sampling results and proposed PCB activities on the PG&E system for 2002. 
 Charlie, can you take care of this?  Please respond and let me know your thoughts... 
 Go for it 
 Teams, Danny Collier, Region IX, EPA in Sanfrancisco,  has requested that we fax to him at 415-947-3549 the water well coliform bacteria reports for the Leupp and Klagetoh C/S for October and November.  Please send this to him at your earliest convenience. 
 who cares 
 Ed I have been busy in Az and have neglected your email.  Sorry about that.  Is there a one page form that I can submit that will say that nothing has changed at a faility in the last 5 years for the below facilities?  Either that or I can write a one page letter stating this fact and reqeust that the OCD renew the permit again.  Which is best for you? 
 Thanks, I needed that 
 Stations 3,4 and 5.  I spoke with Danny Collier of the EPA today, Friday, November 30, 2001 and he has instructed me that the EPA is to receive copies of all monthly water well sampling for C/S 3,4, and 5 in addition to sending the monthly sampling results to Yolanda Barney of the Navajo Nation. Although Yolanda is the primary recipient, the EPA becomes secondary as they have the responsibility for oversight of Indian Lands environmental issues.  Danny said that the EPA would eventually phase themselves out of the Navajo's business but until they do, he is requesting copies of all sampling data.  I asked him if we could fax him the monthly reports and he indiacted that it would be OK to do so.  His fax number is (415) 947-3549.  I will keep you apprised of any future changes in the distribution of the water sampling reports. 
 Bill, I have this outstanding bill notice which I keep getting form iPayit.  There are about 5 invoices from Argent for EOTT work which they did in 2001. It was for the Midland EOTT compliance stuff. I dont know how to let the system know that these invoices have been taken care of.  Is there someone you know of who can let iPayit know that these invoices have been taken care of? 
 Scott, it seems that the letter we received from Danny is otherwise.   In the process of having the Navajo EPA take over the drinking water program for the Tribe, the EPA as overseer wants to be kept in the loop for a little while longer.  In light of this, we need to not only send to the EPA all monthly sampling reports for drinding, but also to the Yolanda Barney of the Navanl Nation.  I spoke with Danny about this and he said that the EPAs involvement would start  to deminish in the future but he didnt when. 
 Randy, I tried to send you a note about a week ago about my elk hunt but it came back undelivered.  I thought you might have changed your address.  Guess I typed it in by mistake. (age does that to you sometimes).  Yes, things are stressful, but as you eluded to God doesnt give His kids a spirit of fear, but confidence that He is in control.  I never thought I d see the Enron empire tumble, but when you torture and strangle a corporation hard enough and long enough, eventually it gives up and surrenders.  There is a push underway to isolate the pipelines from the Enron umbrella and make all business units with money making assets separate from the rest of Enron.  Transwestern is definately a money making asset, and that is what may keep me afloat.  Well see.  Anyway, as long as I keep my focus on Jesus and keep reminding myself of that which is important (family and health) I know Ill come through all of this.  Sorry to hear that there is the word "reorganization"  in Hess.  this kind of stuff generally never does anything but upset employees and create a period of time when nobody is productive.  I hate this kind of stuff. I know that change is inevitable, but so disruptive.  Ill keep you in prayer. Isnt it great to have the confidence and assurance that we serve a big enough God, that He can handle all our problems?  Keep the faith......my friend and focus on the eternal.  Just like Peter wrote, were just pilgrims in a foregin land, waiting for the trip home and promise of Christ's return. 
 Thought you might like this... 
 You know I used to work for a director in ETS that always gave 103%, now I know how he did it, not really, just kidding.... 
 this is cute,  things like this help during difficult times 
 Title them anyway you want.  Tram's:  Wasn't me spin spin barbie girl look at us now ecstasy silence-----delirium everything but the girl one and one-------speed it up fable put me in heaven with your touch-------dj penetrate angel   Mine:  silence-----delirium put me in heaven with your touch-------dj penetrate heart-------pet shop boys i wanna know------joe stronger-------brittany spears one and one-------speed it up fable everything but the girl sexual------amber i see stars      Amber's phone number	281 2?6-822? 
 Don I am sorry about your loss, mostly because those in the family of God h= ate to see pain hit a family member.  Even under the most dire and seemingl= y impossible situations, God is in control.  Its His promise that He will n= ever leave us nor forsake us.  That in itself, is a real comfort and securi= ty knowing we have His eternal and loving spirit with us at all times.  Whe= n you get some time, read Romans 8:28 and then meditate on it.  So many tim= es we confuse our wants for our needs and that are promised by Him. Because= he desires to conform us inito the image of His Son, sometimes He has to e= mpty us of worldly understandings and unrighteousness so that He can fill u= s with blessings that glorify Him. Once we make a heart commitment and His = spirit sets up residence within us, God's promise in Romans is to work ever= ything, including a job loss to His glory.  If we are eternally minded and = understand that our citizenship and home is in heaven, then life on earth b= egins to look less important and we see the worldly goods as being very tem= porary.  I will pray for you and your family that you see a manifestation o= f God's work in your life and that you are brought even closer unto Him in = your Christian walk.  I will keep my ears open for any employment opportuni= ties. =20  When you're feeling down and discouraged, drop me a line.  Sharing Christ w= ith someone always seems to help me through the day in difficult situations= .  In Hebrews were told  to encourage the brethren.  I would consider it an= honor to hear form you again....keep the faith...  its all we have........= .   =20 
 Thanks Randy, Ive heard him on the radio 
 Sta. 3 and 4, I am sending to you via regular mail, the new air permits for the Redrock Expansion.  I will be contacting you in the near future about coming out and going through the permits to assign responsibilities between you and me.  If you get some time, I would suggest that you look over each permit as there is additional recordkeeping and reporting above that which is on your existing permit.  the old permit will expire when the facility begins operation of the turbine.  For Station 4, if a turbine is not installed at your location, this new permit wont apply.  But in the event it happens, you have the permit.  Bottom line, you need to keep this permit at each location. 
 Thanks, Roger.  Im on board with this. 
 Rich, concerning the environmental liabilities which may impact Transwestern if Duke should direct the liquids from their 8" line into the pipeline liquids tank at Wt-1, I have a concern.  The liquids that are generated in the 8" line are exempt from hazardous waste regulations (RCRA) as long as they stay in the Duke line and are not transfered and collect in a mainline tank.  Because WT-1 is a mainline compressor station, any chemicals or compounds which are regulated under Subtitle C of RCRA  become the responsibility of the owner of the mainline tank.  Within the past few years, we have experienced the collection of regulated liquids at Wt-1 which were not placed there by Tranwestern.  Chemicals which producers and processing, upstream of Wt-1, have placed downhole to enhance gas production and other agents such as corrosion inhibitors and pipeline solvents have found their way into our tank and we have paid for the disposal.  Unfortunately, there is no way to segregate the bad materials from the good recycleable materials.  Based upon this, I would recommend that we not allow Dukes pipeline liquids to collect into our tank. 
 Thanks Michael for the brief update.  it sounds encouraging.  I am looking forward to putting the model into motion.  No problem with signing the no cost extension for the project, send it my way. 
 FYI from Penn State on the progress of the model to remove PCB's from Transwetern's pipeline. 
 Ray, Kay had mentioned that your team was having an OCD inpsection this week (Wednesday?).  Ive tried to contact you a couple of times to see if you might need some help, but was unsuccessful.  Is there something wrong with your phone?  Give me a call if you feel uncomfortable about any issue prior to their visit. I will be in the office on wednesday but gone from 11:30 am-1:45 pm.  Let me know how the  inspection went....... 
 Thanks John, Ill keep you posted.  Hows your pulse?   Doing OK? 
 Me too. Thats what Im doing.  Staying away from the gossip and grip sessions.  Its nice to know that He's a big enough God to handle all problems and concerns, even the ones in Enron..... 
 Go for it!    George Robinson 04/27/99 04:14 PM 
 The environmental clearances are still in effect as long as we stay on our right of way and in our measuring station yard.  For any construction work at the PG&E station, we will need written aprpoval from PG&E.  I  will notify the state and county of California when we do the construction work.  Earl, I will need to know the amount  of natural gas which will be released during the blowdown of the 1850 feet of pipe, our separator and meter tubes.  Pg&E will be responsible for the notification of gas release for their separator and piping....    David Roensch 08/07/99 10:44 PM 
 A meeting has been scheduled on 3/16 with the California Fish and Game to discuss the following issues:  1)presentaiton of the 1999 and 2000 annual reports which are required by the facility's 2081 permit. 2) developing an agreement with F&G as to how the 41 acre credits held by EOTT will be managed to ensure compliance with requirements of the F&G. 3) Presentation of the results relating to surveys conducted in the path of construction for the Rogas project.  The waiver to lay pipeline above ground for the Rogas constsruction was approved by the Offfice of the State Fire Marshall, Pipeline Safety Division.  There were 8 city, county, state and federal agencies notified by application for approval to construct the 9 mile pipline system consisting of 3 piplines.  This is the only agency approval received as yet.  Acre credits were obtained from Aera for the construction of the Rogas pipeline.  Aera is an oil company with major holdings of acreage available for purchase.  It was felt that due to the time constraints for initiating this project and the concern with not receiving the credits from the F&G that EOTT would purchase Aera credits to ensure procurement of the necessary acreage for the Rogas project.  This is a major plus for the project.  The rough draft of the baseline noise survey for the turbine installations in Az. was received.  Some changes will be made in each document.,  as the contractor has made some obvious conclusions and asumptions which are not valid or representative of the mitigation Transwetern will do.  The Navajo Nation has requested that an onsite survey be conducted at the C/S on the reservation (C/S 3 and 4)  for T&E plants and animals and archeology.  A contractor has been notified and surveys will be completed by 3/12. The F-1 environmental report  for the FERC application will be submitted to Donna by this friday.  The air permit applications for C/S 1 and 2 have been started.   A meeting with EPA in San Francisco has abeen set to discuss permitting the C/S facilities on the reservation on 3/20.  After the meeting, applications should be in front of the Navajo air permitting agency and the EPA within a week. Air permits are expected  within 5-7 months after submittal of the application.  During a conference call this week, a proposal was submitted to remove the existing auxillary generators and replace with 2 units at each location.  This will delay submittal of the air applications 3-4 days, assuming no major issues result.  One interesting issue that might develop is that one of the generators might possibly be a wind turbine. 
 Byron as per the Red Rock expansion conference call today presented below are the emissions estimates for the auxillary engines at sta. 1-4.  Understand these are not actual emissions, but are emissions based upon potential to emit.  When these units were permitted actual testing data was not required, so each unit was permitted based upon an accpeted emissions limit from an EPA approved document.  This has worked out in our favor as the emisisons numbers presented in the EPA document were high, therefore, this will allow us to net more emissions, if needed.  Emissions are presented for a single engine only in tons per year, even though there are two auxillary units at each facility except Sta. 1 where they only have one auxillary unit.  Sta. 1 1- Waukesha 350 Hp LRZ  NOx 30.48  CO 121.94  VOC 1.31  Sta. 2  2- Waukeshas 350 Hp LRZ  NOx 30.48  CO 121.94  VOC 1.31  Sta. 3 2-366 Hp PSVG Ingersol Rands  NOx 35.35  CO 30.40  VOC .04  Sta. 4  2-450 Hp Waukeshas F3520 GU  NOx 43.46  CO 37.38  VOC .05 
 Terry, the entire facility has not been disturbed.  Only most of it.  Id say approx 70%.  The other 30% has been impacted but not tot the point of disturbing all the vegetation, just foot and vehicle traffic.  I dont have problem with saying the above, but keep in mind, the facility has been there and just because the trees havent been disturbed, doesnt mean that the understory beneath the trees has been pristine.   It has always been Transwetern's policy to maintain an environmetnal presence at all of its locations, especially at sites where there is some aesthetic value (scenery wildlife etc).  I dont have a problem with including resource reports 3 and 7 for vegetation and soils.  I have received a verbal from the US Fish and Wildlife and they agreed with the intent in my letter to them that pipline activites at each location tend to preclude any impacts to sensitive or critical habitats.  In addition, the adjacent lands are of the same habitat types as that which are contained within the facility and therefore, would not be an issue of habitat loss.   There are not any old TW hands around to positively verify that the site was cleanred and there has been natural encroachment of the trees into the area, I seriously doubt it.  Again, TW tried to mantain a postive presence at each site, but did utilize the sites for their intended purpose.  In Arizona, we do not have a blanket approval for discharges of hydrostatic testwater.  We do however plan to use new pipe and water supplied either from the closest City (ie Flagstaff for station 2 construction) or from a drinking well source.  In any event, we will test the water prior to discharge and ensure that the discharge will stay on the facility property to soak into the ground.  I cant imagine that there will be large volumes of hydro water as we dont plan on installing a large amount of new pipe.  If we need to discuss the above, give me a call 
 I spoke to John Nystedt, the contact person for the Navajo Nation F&W service concerning the need to do endangered plants and animal  surveys at the two C/S on reservation lands.  I had sent to him the USGS quad sheets of the C/S sites for review.  Today he stated that he didnt think surveys would be needed at either location due to the fact that there had been historic disturbance at each location and that there was no sensitive habitiats in or near the C/S sites which would warrant surveys.  However, because of the issue of tribal lands, he was going to discuss this issue with the Navajo Nation director and verify his opinion and he would let Transwestern know on Monday of next week as to what the Tribes final decision would be, but he was almost sure that the Trib would recommend no surveys.  John has faxed to me the list of approved botonists and boilogists which are approved to do work on the reservation.  I have contacted a number of individuals on the list and they are prepared to do the boilogical surveys next week  in the unlikely event a survey is required. 
 I spoke with Ralph Komai, PCB person with SoCal, concerning the SWG meeting about PBCs on the SWG system.  As mentioned in the last note, SWG has discovered PCBs and has been sampling to determine extent and movement into their system.  SWG receives gas from SoCal and PGE at two separate and independent interconnects.  Liquids have been collected at the two interconnects from SoCal at concentrations of <500 and <100 ppm, respectively.  They have taken approx. 100 wipe samples and have had "hits" but nothing over 100 ug per wipe.  In the meeting, SWG has expressed aggressive interest to SoCal about the installation of filter separators at the SoCal/SWG interconnects.  They felt that the installation of separators would greatly benefit the reduction of PCBs into their system.  Becasue of this, Ralph stated that SWG would be sending him a proposal for the installation of separators at the two interconnect locations.  I gave Ralph Earl Chanleys phone number as he was involved in the separator construction project last summer with PG&E. 
 Maria, as per your request, please see the attached data:  All the below figures were calculated using the 4500 hp factor on the mainline ( TCV-12 Clark ) units and 450 hp on the ( 4520 Waukesha ) auxillary. Units 601, 602, and 603 are the mainline units. Unit 621 is the auxillary engine and runs back up power, if needed.  The year 1997 was figured by Kerry Welch who no longer is with us. 1998, 1999, and 2000 operating hours and fuel use numbers were calculated using the spread sheet that was provided by our mechanical analyst.     Engine hours     601       602      603       621         Fuel Volume ( MM scf / yr )          601             602              603             621  1997                    3818     1973   2847 337 27.98         27.98            27.98         3.53  1998                    1564          70     993 24 62.43           2.79           39.64           .07  1999                     457          186    218 78 18.24           7.43            8.70             .24  2000                      426        747     2644 454 17.01           29.82         105.55       1.39  The total throughput on condensate has been ( 0 gallons ) for 1997, 1998, 1999, and 2000. This is due to the fact that our narutal gas supply changed in 1997 to a more dry natural gas and therefore, there was no liquids associated with the gas.  Again I apologize the inconsistency in the data.  We have had employee turnovers at the facility and different spreadsheets were used to provide the information to the EPA.  We are in the process of standardizing our data collections to eleminate this problem in the future.  I hope this information will help in the permit review process.  Again please accept my apologizes in the data collection errors. 
 Thanx John, for the attachment.  How did the presentation go? 
 John, Bill this is the latest on the environmental issues for the turbines in Arizona.  The arch surveys at stations 3 and 4 on the Navajo reservation have been completed and nothing reportable was found or identified.  Each contractor is now preparing their reports and hopefully, will have them submitted to their mgt. for review in a couple of days and then issued to TW.  The Forest Service has given us permission to do the arch survey for station 2 on Monday.  The arch survey for station 1 is scheduled for Tuesday. Preliminary quotes for the surveys are $4-5000.00 for both sites.  The original word from them was 7-10 prior to giving approval.   This was definatley a plus.  Still no word on where the turbine buildings are to be located and what turbine equipment is to be installed at each facility.  GE or Rolls Royce. Additionally, confirmed decisions have not been made as to what auxillary power will be installed at each location (wind, natural gas, diesel). 
 I received a call from the consultant who performed the archeology survey at stations 1 and 2.  Based upon the plot plan provided by construction, the archeology discovery at station 1 does not occur within the area of proposed impact, even though  part of the discovery is within the facility fence.  The report  recommendation to the SHPO by the archeologist will be that during construction activities in this area, an archeologist be onsite to monitor and ensure that the site is not impacted.  They will also recommend that we fence the discovery area within our facility to ensure that future pipeline activities will not disrupt the site.  I have asked that two reports be prepared for each site.  One report for each station covering the construction areas and the other reports to include the entire 40 acres at each compressor station.  All four reports will be submitted to Bret Fritch in Omaha on Monday, the 26th of March. 
 The Title V air permit applications for C/S's 3 and 4 were submitted to Region IX EPA in San Francisco.  These were the last two applications to be filed for the Redrock Mainline Exspansion project in Arizona.  Assistance was given to all field teams in Arizona in the preparation and submittal of the required annual complaince certifications required under each facilities Title V Operating Permit.  2000 emissions inventories were submitted to the TNRCC for the eleven C/S in the Midland Region.  A revised APEN was submitted to the state of Colorado for the forthcoming power turbine unit replacement to be conducted at the LaPlata C/S. 
 Presented Title V training to the Flagstaff Team.  The training included responsibilities, recordkeeping and semi annual reporting requirements.  A meeting was held with representatives of Transwestern and PG&E to discuss activities related to removing PCB's from the Topock Lateral.  Sampling data was reviewed and discussions were held addressing past cleaning efforts. PG&E has stated by letter and verbally that natural gas volumes will be decreased weekly until PCB concentrations fall below 5 ppm.  Transwestern will be implementing a pipeline cleaning of the remaining 1850 of pipe between our M/S and the PG&E C/S.  Included in this cleaning will be decontamination of the additional filter separators and meter runs.  Assisted in the compilation and data gathering of the Title V compliance monitoring and annual certification reports for C/S No. 5, Thoreau.  The annual blanket request for the Arizona SHPO was submtted for renewal.  Notification letters were submitted to the state of New Mexico notifiying the agency of like for like replacements of recipricating engines at the AToka No. 1 C/S.  Additional notifications were submitted to the agency apprising them of engine removal activities at C/S's No. 5 and 9 which would impact emissions fees. 
 Guys, look at the attached draft of a letter I plan on sending to the Laguna pueblo regarding Transwestern efforts to date of finding new technologies to address and remove PCB contamination from the groundwater at the facility.  You may remember, we had a meeting in January to hear the Laguna's concerns that Transwestern was not moving fast enough to clean up the site.  This letter addresses our attempts to find a solution to the PCB problem, and that remediation technologies are not presently available to operate effectively at the site given the sites unique characterisstics.  Id like to send this out on Friday or Monday. 
 David, nice touch with the NC.  I sure John will have some ideas on how to best to get this thing going after the NC gets back with you.  Ill leave it up to Mr. Shafer as to his preference to have dinner with Mr. Smith during our June tour of the C/S facilities.  Good to hear that the team  has bought in on supporting the NC by participation.  If you want me to, I can put on a little presentation to the other 2 teams in Arizona and see if we can get their support and participation also.  Let me know and we can do this at one of their safety meetings.......    David Roensch 04/17/2001 11:13 PM 
 Kermit Team, I received a letter from the TNRCC concerning emissions fees that have not been paid for a facility called the "Hendrick/Wink Tank Farm". The letter was addressed to a Mr. Paul Newman of EOTT.  The letter stated that we may owe emissions fees for the facility.  My question is, do you have such a facility in your team area, and what does it comprise?  ie..number and size of tanks, throughput in 2000.  The TNRCC letter was dated March 28, 2001 and we are required  to provide information to them within 30 days.  I just received the letter today.  HELP!!  I need something from you by this afternoon or tomorrow at the latest. 
 Kermit Team, I really need your assistance on this.  I received a notice from the TNRCC about the above facility.  Apparently, the emissions fees for the facility have not been paid for 2000.  In light of this, does this facility exist in your area of responsibility?  Please let me know.  If so, I need the follwoing information ASAP to aviod an NOV for the facility.  Size of each tank  height and capacity  Number of tanks  Color of tank(s)  and roof(s)  fixed or floating roof  if floating, internal or external  primary or secondary seals  how is tank loaded and or unloaded  ie trucks, pipeline etc...  Relative vapor pressure if known  monthly throughput  maximum fill rate of tank  how long does it take to fill tank 
 Alison, have you found out anything about the above referenced?  The deadline for submitting the FY 2001 emissions fee is April 30.  The TNRCC can levee a fine on the facility if we dont provide them with some informaiton pretty fast.  Your assistance in this will be appreciated. 
 Alison, better send me what you have via fed-x or fax (505) 627-8172.  I have spoken to Bill about this.  We need to send a check to the agency to cover ourselves prior to the April 30 deadline. I beleive that EOTT is responsible for paying the fee.  I have left a message with Larry Fensted and  his associate Ruth Ann and expressed the need for the $416.00 check by 4/1. 
 I am sending this notification to your department to seek a solution of halting and stopping inappropriate e mail materials which I am receiving.  I have been requested by Louis Soldano, Enron attorney for the Gas Pipeline Group, to apprise you of this situation.  The content of materials received, I consider offensive, and am sure it would also be considered objectionable and innappropriate by the standards of Enron Corporation.   Please be advised, that many times it is  difficult to screen this material based upon the headings and titles that accompany the contents.  Consequently, innappropriate materials such as this are opened.  I have accidently opened two such e mails by mistake and have received the "Enron warning"  that my name and mailbox will be or may be audited in the future and that my name has been placed in a file.    Because of this, I am extremely uncomfortable about future accidents occuring and more importantly, about the increased frequency and accessability of my e mail box to trash and questionable materials.  I would appreciate your immediate attention in this matter.  Thank you very much. 
 Randy, this is a short summary of the environmental findings that were identified during the records review conducted at the Corpus Christi Koch facility offices on May 1st and 2nd of this year.  All environmental records which were available in the file data room at the Koch office  were reviewed.  Assumptions were made that the environmental records were complete for all assets included in the sale.  Primary emphasis was placed on those environmental issues which are normally associated with a sale or purchase of assets dealing with distribution and transmission of crude oil. In particular, pipeline and tank farms were the most critical assets which were reviewed.  Based upon the data review, the Koch assets were in compliance with the following:  Air permitting, permit by rule, standard expemtions, recordkeeping and fee payments were documented  NSPS recordkeeping and inspections for VOC control on large crude oil tanks were documented  Oil Pollution Act-OPA 90 plans had been prepared and were up to date  SARA compliance and reporting had been completed  SPCC plans had been prepared for each site which qualified under 40 CFR 112  Spill reporting history and notifications to the state agency were available for review  There are ongoing groundwater and soil remediation activities at one site included in the asset for sale (permits for the remediation activity is in place)  Hazardous waste notifications, annual reportings and fee payments were documented  Based upon the above review, there were no issues which could be identified which would be condsidered a major environmental limitation or would be a considered a major environmental  liability.  This statement is again based upon the assumption that all environmental information was present in the data room for the assets in question.  It should also be stated that this analysis of Koch's environmental compliance is based upon the fact that Koch has not held back or provided false or misleading information or knowledge during their presentation or informaiton contained in the facility files.  Pending further development and interest of this potential purchase, a recommendation is made to conduct a phase I due diligence and site visit to each location to verify findings from the records review.   Also, due to the past history of Koch's operating practices, it is recommended that contract conditions be implicitly stated that EOTT will not be held liable for discoveries of past deficiencies or releases of contamination which have occurred on any of the Koch assets purchased. 
 On behalf of EOTT, an environmental records review was completed for a block of Koch crude oil pipeline assets located in south Texas.  There were no issues or environmental deficiencies identified during the review.  A due diligence was recommended to verify confirmation of the housekeeping activities presented in the records review.  The air permit modification for the La Plata C/S was received from the state of Colorado.  This modification allows for additional emissions and fuel use as a result of  a change in gas quality supplies in the San Juan basin. 
 Shudeish, the buildings and stack heights for each of  the Flagstaff And Kingman Compressor Stations are presented below.  Building and stack demensions (in feet), are as follows:  FLAGSTAFF  length   width    height  Engine Room  108   59   40  stack 1        28 stack 2        28 stack 3        28  Control Room  37   37   14  Auxillary Room  50   37   20  Port a Camp  40   10   10  Office   163   40   24  stack 1         17  Weilding Bldg.  30   42   17  Domestic Water 19   8   9  KINGMAN   Engine Room  110   60   45  stack 1        32 stack 2        32 stack 3        32  Control Room  14   38   18  Auxillary Room  50   38   25  Shop/Washrack 52   52   18  Warehouse  10   40   18  stack 1         17  Butler Bldg.  16   56   11   Let me know if you need anything else..... 
 James, lets go ahead and provide her with an annual report for Puckett with the information you provided.  thanx again 
 Randy, based upon the records review, this is the only issue that may be a= =20 problem.  If a tank has been moved to another location, it would trigger=20 requirements which were enacted on the date of the relocation.  For instanc= e,=20 if a tank constructed prior to 1973 was moved in 1978, there would be=20 emissions control requirements placed on the tank as required by the 1978= =20 tank regulations.  If the tank had remained at its original location, it=20 would be grandfathered with respect to emissions.  However, because the tan= k=20 was relocated, it is looked upon as being a tank constructed in 1978 and=20 subject to the 1978 regulations and is no longer grandfathered.  I was not given this information during the records review, so I dont know = if=20 any of the tanks apply.  If any of the tanks fit into the above scenerio,= =20 EOTT or Koch will be  looking at some major $$$$$ to bring any subject tank= =20 into compliance.  Generally speaking, the regualtions and costs to comply= =20 increase as a function of date.   =20   1. Q. Of the tanks listed on the spreadsheet, have any of the tanks been=20 relocated from its original construction locations?  List the tank, date=20 moved and   location moved to. A.  Benevides Station Tank 6125 and Mirando Station Tank 28591 were relocat= ed=20 to those stations.  Three Rivers Tanks 28508 and 28100 were   relocated and= =20 re-erected at that station.  Duval Station Tank 28052 and Mirando Station= =20 28045 were relocated and re-erected at those stations prior  to Koch=01,s= =20 acquisition of those assets. 
 Arnold, I  have attached a spreadsheet showing what information I need to complete the air permit applications.  I have set the Flagstaff site as the model, due to its elevation and temperature which is the worst case site. Let me know if there are any problems with the attached data request.       Arnold L Eisenstein@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 05/08/2001 11:31 PM 
 Scott, I have sent out twice a request to each of the field teams in the Midland Region to provide some desperately needed tank information to determine compliance for all the EOTT crude oil tanks in the Midland area. So far, only the Midland, Lovington, Kermit, Andrews, Hobbs and Jal teams have responded. I would appreciate your assistance in motivating the remaining seven teams to get this information to me at their earliest convenience.  I have attached the most recent update of the tank spreadsheet for you to pass on to the teams.  Thanks for the help. 
 Hazardous waste fees were submitted to the state of Arizona.  Emissions fees were submitted to the state of New Mexico For C/S's 7,8,9, Atoka No. 3 and Bloomfield.  Submitted to the state of Texas an admisistraitve revision for the "like for like" replacement of an IC engine at Irion Co. No. 1 C/S.  To meet the requirements of 2 gms for NOx, a catalytic converter has been installed on the replacement unit.  Submitted to the state of New Mexico notification of a "like for like" replacement  of an I/C engine at Atoka No. 2 C/S.  A revised Title V application was submitted to Region VI, EPA for C/S No. 6, Laguna.  The emissions inventory for the TW Keystone C/S was submitted to the state of Texas.  The spreadsheet development for the EOTT tanks in the Midland Region has slowed down.  Six of 13 teams have responded with tank information.  A request was made to Scott Clark, Regional Director,  to assist in notifying the teams of the importance of submitting this data. 
 Louie/Ed I know you guys are busy, but because of the emphasis Enron places on ensuring that action items from consolidated audits are completed prior to the action item completion date, I really need to know how Scott and I are to proceed on the subsurface drilling activities for potential contamination at the Bakersfield Fractionator.  The scheduled completion date for six of the items is 6/30.  I understand the there is an issue concerning Koch's individual and shared responsibility for some of the issues identified during the audit.  Rich Jolly has contacted me asking me when the drilling will begin, as he does not want to see us exceed the 6/30 date and have the items show up as deliquent in his region.  Whatever you can do to assist us in either initiating the investigations or placing a hold on the drilling would be greatly appreciated. 
 Ed, I would appreciate it very much if you would review the action item list from Scott Jones and choose which items are Koch's responsibility and which items  belong to EOTT, and let Scott and I know.  Ill contact Scott and have him send you the action item list for your review.  As I had previously mentioned, Scott and I have until 6/30 to complete the subsurface investigations and knowing which items are EOTT's and which are Koch's would greatly help us.  As Scott's server is down, Ill phone him and have him send you the action item list.  Again Thanks very much. 
 Under the regulations of the state of Arizona, facilities which have a pollution prevention plan (sta.1, sta. 2 and Needles) are required to have an annual training to evaluate pollution prevention activiies.  I have scheduled with the above three facilities to have pollution training on the following dates:  Kingman team June 21  Flagstaff team June 22  This training is to be completed by July 1 of every year.  This training will last for approximately 2-3 hours.  Employees that works at any of the three facilities are required to be present for the training.  Your participation in this will be greatly appreciated. 
 Lorraine, Ill give you a call this afternoon.  By the way, did they test the liquids for PCBs?  I havent heard from the Gallup team on whether they have gone and checked for collected liquids at their I/C's.  Rick, can youcheck on this for me? 
 Louie, after the presentation MIchael gave, there were some issues about the data and predictions ie., like how much solvent do we really need to clean the pipeline and the injection intervals and locations, but not whether the solvent or technology would or would not work.  The data did show that terpenoline does remove PCB's from pipeline.  But because Penn State was so deeply involved in the modeling study, and we were still under the PG&E thumb, it appeared to be in the best interest of TW to see it to the end. There wasnt anyone who had any better suggestions or ideas.  The thought was that because of the amount of $$$$$$ we had previously spent, not to see it through would have meant 0 return  for the money we had invested.    And if it works, the money would have been wisely used.  The real truth of course is when we do a trial run.  I signed a six month extension to the contract for Penn State (I sent out a memo on this) but not for additional $$$$$$.  They needed the extra time to complete the modeling study and data evaluation.  Last summer/fall, Tiny had been overseeing the operational side of this (ie terpenoline storage locations and coordinating injection points and the pigging activities).  When the decision is made to begin the injections and pigging, Tiny will be ready  and waiting...... 
 Bill you may want to sit in on this if you have time.  It seems we have items of concern that were identified during the consolidated audit at Bakersfield which were tied into  a previous agreement with Koch for which the action team did not know when the action items were prepared.  The action dates are approaching and   Scott and I are having a hard time getting clearification on how to initiate getting the the action items started due to the responsibility of Koch for some of the items.  Ed, the attorney for EOTT, will be requested by Lou, to notify Koch concerning their responsiblity.  If this sounds convoluted, then you know as much as I..... 
 Thanx John, I look forward to seeing you at the Doubletree for dinner on the night of the September 3.  Let me know your traveling plans 
 Laguna and or Moutainair team, because I dont know which team is responsible for the Belen delivery point, would someone check on liquids at this location and if present, collect a sample and have it analyzed for PCB's?  We're required to do this by the contract.  If no liquids are present, drop Lorraine and or myself a message  stating such.  Thanx 
 Bill, any delays on this project are NOT from the env. matrix.  I received the matrix from the team sometime last week (tuesday -thursday) when I was out of town on business.  When I came back on friday, I completed the matrix and sent it back to the team.  Any delays on this issue are from the team, not from me.  As I remember the project, it involved work on the right of way and therefore was covered by the blankets we have for SHPO and F&W.  There were no project delays in terms of permits or approvals...... 
 After reveiwing the documents entitled, "Baseline Environmental Investigation of Arco North Coles Levee Plant 8, Rogas Loading Facility and Associated Natural Gas Pipeline Systems Kern County, California" and "Report of Preliminary Asessment Sampling North Coles Levee Gas Plant Loading Rack Area Tupman, California", it appears that the following areas should be investigated further to detemine horizontal and vertical extent of identified contamination from the above referenced reports:  Tank 15 area-  total petroleum hydrocarbons  Glycol reboiler area- total petroleum hydrocarbons  Hot oil heater area- total petroleum hydrocarbons  Wash rack area- lead  Propane comp. area lead total petroleum hydrocarbons chromates  Cooling tower area- chromates  Compressor area- BTEX chromates lead  In the "Baseline Environmental Investigation" report, sampling was only conducted to an approximate depth of 2.5'.  I am not comfortable with basing decisions for further investigations on such a shallow depth, in leau of the fact that  many times water soluble constituents may horizonatlly move vertically from surface shallow depths into the lower subsurface areas.  This is indeed the case for chromates.  I based my recommendations for metal concentrations on the federal RCRA Subtitle C hazardous waste target levels for metals and evaluated  the TPH and BTEX levels with the  underground storage tank guidlines for California.  There were references to a 1989 document in the "Baseline" report for specific parameters, but there may have been an update to target contamination level requirements since that date and therefore, I used 10,000 ppm which is a general action level for most states for total petroleum hydrocarbons.  Again, I did not evaluate the mercury or the loading rack issues.  One last issue.  As you know, identification of contamination is usually accomplished by sight observations of visible contamination, knowledge of processes and or history.  Report results of the surface contamination do not show there to be an immediate environmental concern.  Due to the age of the facility, there may be concerns which were not identified in the reports. However, based upon the locations of the preliminary samplings which were conducted throughout the facility, it appears that the information presented in the reports would be adequate to address suspected contamination at the facility. 
 OK Ed try this:  Tank 15 area-  Total petroleum hydrocarbons TPH concentrations in soil exceed 10,000 mg/kg.  This value has been identified in the "Leaking Underground Fuel Tank Field Manual, (State of Califonia, 1989).  This value was identified as a         potential threat to groundwater aquifers.  Glycol reboiler area- Total petroleum hydrocarbons  TPH concentrations in soil exceed 10,000 mg/kg.  This value has been identified in the "Leaking         Underground Fuel Tank Field Manual,(State of Califonia, 1989).  This value was identified as a         potential threat to groundwater aquifers.  Hot oil heater area- Total petroleum hydrocarbons TPH concentrations in soil exceed 10,000 mg/kg.  This value has been identified in the "Leaking Underground Fuel Tank Field Manual, (State of Califonia, 1989) as a potential threat to          groundwater aquifers.  Wash rack area- Lead    Lead values exceed the Toxic Characteristic Leaching Procedure target levels as a  hazardous         waste (40 CFR 261)  Propane comp. area Lead      Lead values exceed the Toxic Characteristic Leaching Procedure target levels as a  hazardous         waste (40 CFR 261)  Total petroleum hydrocarbons TPH concentrations in soil exceed 10,000 mg/kg.  This value has been identified in the "Leaking         Underground Fuel Tank Field Manual, (State of Califonia, 1989) as a potential threat to          groundwater aquifers.  Chromates   Chromate values exceed the Toxic Characteristic Leaching Procedure (TCLP) target levels as a          hazardous waste (40 CFR 261)  Cooling tower area- Chromates   Chromate values exceed the Toxic Characteristic Leaching Procedure (TCLP) target levels as a hazardous waste (40 CFR 261)  Compressor area- BTEX    Benzene concentrations in soil exceed 1.0 mg/kg. This value has been identified in the "Leaking         Underground Fuel Tank Field Manual, (State of Califonia, 1989) as a potential threat to groundwater aquifers.  Chromates   Values exceed the Toxic Characteristic Leaching Procedure (TCLP) target levels as a           hazardous waste (40 CFR 261)  Lead    Values exceed the Toxic Characteristic Leaching Procedure (TCLP) target levels as a           hazardous waste (40 CFR 261) 
 I spoke with Ken Jacobs, with the Forest Service in Flagstaff, concerning his agencies approval for the turbine construction at Station 2.  As a condition of the approval from his agency, he has requested that all the ponderosa pine trees to be removed for the turbine construction activities be flagged for identification.  After the trees have been marked, we are to then contact him so that he can visit the site and make an evaluation as to whether the Forest Service will charge us for the tree removal or whether no additional charges will be incurred as a result of the construction activity.  The charges will depend upon the calculation of how many board feet of lumber there are in the trees which are flagged.  As this activity is included in the time line for completion of all permits and approvals, please contact me when the trees have been tagged and flagged and I will contact Ken Jacobs so that he can make a site visit. 
 Byron/Tiny, I spoke to Ken Jacobs with the Forest Service and have attached his e mail below concerning the Forest Sevice's choice for the building.  I have informed him that our new piping and ancillary equipment will remain white which is consistent with the existing equipment.  He had no problems with this.  I also had asked him if there was a name for the brown which the FS uses on their signs and he did not know of a specific name, so I think the best thing would be to match as closely as possible.   The Forest Service would like the new Compressor Building to be painted dark brown.  The color should be close to the color that we use for our signs.  Call me at 520-214-2464 if you would like to discuss this.  Ken Jacobs Lands Staff Officer Ranger District Coconino National Forest 
 Michael, I will be discussing with John and others in the near future about the status of the study.  When will your progress report be ready for review?  It might be a good idea to let us review your report and then we can make comments and recommendations based upon your findings.  Im glad that things are going well with your data and that we may be able to apply something positive towards our situation.  Thanks for getting back with me. 
 Bob, James, Roger,  Im having a hard time getting a response from the teams in the Midland Region in completing the attached EOTT tank spreadsheet.  Ive heard from some of the teams but nothing from others.  Im under the gun as to finding  out where the MIdland Region is in term of permits and and environmental compliance and the only way I can begin to make the evaluation is to have the field data inputed onto the spreadsheet.  This is where the teams assistance is required.  I have attached the latest version of the spreadsheet in the hope that you will deliver it to the following teams for their valued input:  Monahans Team Hamlin/Haskel Team Lamesa Team Big Lake Team Midland Team Eunice Team      Your assistance in this will be greatly appreciated. 
 In light of the recent PCB issue with PG&E on the Topock Lateral,  I have asked Mr. John Woodyard of Roy F. Westin to c ome to Houston and make a presentation on PCB's in natural gas pipelines.  Mr. Woodyard has considerable experience in the management of PCB's and works closely in industry associations (INGAA and GRI),  Mr. Woodyard also works as a consultant in this capacity.  The date of this meeting will be on Friday, September 3rd, beginning at 9:00 am.  Lou Soldano will be setting up a meeting room and will notifiy all attendees via lotus notes prior to the September 3rd meeting date.  I think this meeting will be very interesting and informative and and encourage all to attend, if possible. 
 Randy, I need your assistance with something.  Im trying to determine compliance for all the EOTT crude oil storage tanks in the Midland Region. Bill told me that you have a spreadsheet of the EOTT tanks showing some of the tank characteristics (size, storage, date of installation, state etc). Whatever you have, I would greatly appreciate your shaing it with me.  E mail works best for me.  Thanks again.  If you send this to me, I promise to let you out fish me like you did in Minnesota a couple of years ago....... 
 Ivan,  the reason that you're having such a hard time making contact, is because the Foundation is going through some changes in their management. They are having a big pow-wow  this week to get things straightened out.  The new CEO will be a person named Ron Marcoux, and I  will be speaking with him next week.  In the interim, I have been working out some issues with the New Mexico/Texas Director and am scheduled  to meet with the Arizona Director in a couple of weeks.  Its pretty exciting to see the support from others in Enron.  Based upon initial contacts with the Missoula headquarters and regional directors, habitat conservation efforts are where the Foundation is placing a large part of its emphasis.   Ill keep you apprised of the partnership and how others can get involved after my discussions with the Foundations new CEO........ 
 Eunice team,  The NNG Eunice C/S is required to prepare and submit the semi annual and annual reports required by the facilities Title V Operating Permit which was issued by the State of New Mexico.  The reports are required to be submitted to the state of New Mexico and the EPA by July 19, 2001.   These reports are required even though the facility is not in operation.  If you would like assistance in the preparation and submittal of each document, give me a call and we can set up a time to meet at the C/S to do each report. This should take about half a day. 
 John, I just spoke with Dan Walker, Vice President  of Development for the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation about Enron's initiative for a corporation partnership.  After we had discussed our interest and desire and what opportunities are available with the Foundation for Enron, Dan stated that will be visiting with the Foundation's CEO next week and one of the issues to be discussed will be development of  an MOU or Agreement between Enron and the RMEF.  Looks like things are beginning to progress.  Im having quite a bit of interest from some of the Houston based Enron employees about how they can get involved.  Any suggestions on how I can "advertise" opportunities within the Corporation for employee involvement with the RMEF? 
 Had a conversation with Dan Walker, V.P. of Development for the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation concerning Enron's future as a partner.  Dan will be meeting with the CEO of the Foundation to pursue actions towards an Agreement or MOU between Enron and the RMEF.  Interest has been surprisingly high for employees within and without GPG expressing a desire to be involved with the Foundation.  Assisted C/S No. 8, Corona with the development and submittal of the facility's Title V semi annual report and annual compliance certification report submittals.  Presented annual pollution prevention training for the Kingman and Flagstaff teams as required by the State of Arizona for large quantity generators of hazardous waste.  Received a Compliance Order from the State of New Mexico, Air Quality Bureau, for an outstanding turbine replacement activity at the P-1 C/S which occurred in 1996.   Transwestern had met with the AQB over this issue in 1996 and assumed that the issue had been resolved. The issue in question was Transwestern's replacement of internal components from a smaller turbine to a larger turbine, with the internal components of the larger turbine components (inlet guide vane adjustment and removal of the regenerator) mechanically adjusted to simulate conditions of the smaller turbine.  When Transwestern received permit approval from the AQB to operate at the larger turbine capacity, Transwestern made the upgrade adjustments operable.   Apparently, EPA has mandated that the AQB act on all issues considered to be outstanding as determined by the EPA.  Dave Nutt has been sent the Compliance Order to review.  Under the conditions of the Order, Transwestern has 30 days to request another hearing. 
 Transwestern received a Compliance Order from the State of New Mexico, Air Quality Bureau, for an outstanding turbine replacement activity at the P-1 C/S which occurred in 1996.   Transwestern had met with the AQB over this issue in 1996 and assumed that the issue had been resolved, as no further actions were received from the agency until this Compliance Order was received. The issue in question was Transwestern's replacement of interchangeable internal components from a 4700 turbine into the existing smaller turbine (3505).  The larger internal components  (inlet guide vanes/nozzles) which were placed into the 3505 were mechanically derated to simulate conditions of the smaller turbine.  When Transwestern received permit approval from the AQB to operate at the larger turbine capacity, Transwestern made the upgrade adjustments and then operated at the higher turbine value 4700.  The AQB did not understand that Transwestern could not make the adjustments to the inlet guide vanes as any such activity by Transwestern would void the warranty with Soalr Mfg.  Only Solar is authorized to make adjustments to the turbine.  This prevents Transwestern from randomly and arbitrarily manipulating and adjusting horsepowers of this turbine at their descretion.  In the 1996 meeting with the AQB, Transwestern committed to conducting a emissions test of the 4700 to determine if emissions were more or less than the permitted values for the 3505.  It was shown that emissions from the 4700 were less than that permitted by the AQB for the 3505.  It should also be mentioned that the 3505 was a regerative turbine and the 4700 is a simple cycle.  Apparently, EPA has mandated that the AQB act on all issues considered to be outstanding as determined by the EPA.  Dave Nutt has been sent the Compliance Order to review.  Under the conditions of the Order, Transwestern has 30 days to request another hearing.  Id like to have a group discussion to decide how Transwestern will manage and handle this issue.  Would someone contact Anabelle and have her set up a conference call for sometime next week? 
 I received a phone call from Frank Van Ryn of Koch, concerning the letter that was sent to him on 6/19.  Frank has stated that Koch will be contacting Arco concerning the two contamination issues.  Apparently Koch has been indemnified by Arco for the mercury issue and possibly the hydrocabon issue at well.  In any event, Frank said that he would be getting back with me in a couple of weeks to present a plan and initiate the cleanup, but wanted to discuss the issue with Arco. I will keep everyone apprised on the progress. 
 I dont know if you guys are doing this, but a requirement to your air permit states that the facility is to report the number of hours of operation each year to the Air Quality Bureau for the Catepillar generator.  The report is to be submitted by January 31st of each year.  If we need to discuss this, give me a call. 
 The annual pollution prevention plans were completed and submitted to the State of Arizona.  These plans are requried for the three large quantity generators of hazardous waste in Arizona.  Annual hazardous waste fees were paid and submitted to the State of New Mexico for four facilities in New Mexico.  A conference call was held with Houston Legal and Environmetnal Affairs to discuss the alleged NOV issued for the P-1 C/S which involved a turbine like for like replacement activity.  Data has begun to be collected to substantiate Transwestern's position concerning the proposed action by the State of New Mexico.  A field trip was made to the Air Quality Bureau to copy all files relevant to the P-1 C/S and will be delivered to the contract attorney who will be assisting Transwestern with this issue.  Copies of the New Mexico EOTT air permits were received.  Comparisons will be made with the nearly completed EOTT tank database spreadsheet to determine status of permit compliance with each air permit. 
 Kim, please give me a call at (505) 625-8022 concerning the above.  Im trying to generate employee interest in the RMEF and need some help.  Ive gotten some positive requests and involvement from some employees about the Foundation, but would like to open it up to others in Enron. 
 Mr. Cates, sir, would you please approve of the attached expense report?  You are a kind and generous man. 
 Be advised that there will be a meeting on Thursday 11:00 am August 23 at the NNG Turbine station, south of Kermit Tx.  to complete and submit annual certification reports which are required by the following Title V permitted facilities:  Seminole Brownfield Plainview  Spraberry  Irion Co. No. 1 Reagan Co. 2 Eldorado  Wt-2 Walton Keystone  Kermit Turbine  Should a team decide not to attend this meeting, be advised that the required submittal date for the annual certifications for the state of Texas is September 8, 2001.  It will be your teams responsibility to ensure that the certifications are submitted prior to the 9/8/01 deadline should you decide not to attend the August 23 meeting. 
 Participated in the compliation and submittal of the Title V semi annual monitoring and annual certification reports for the NNG Eunice C/S.  Data gathering and correspondance continues with the third party lawyer for the NOV issue at the P-1 C/S.  This involved a like for like replacement of a turbine in New Mexico.  Annual blanket renewal requests were submitted to the Texas SHPO and the Arizona F&W.  A permit be rule has been submitted to the TNRCC for the like for like I/C engine replacement at the NNG Reagan Co 2 C/S.  The EOTT tank database is 90% complete.  Field verification with each team will begin to determine  compliance with recordkeeping, fees, NSPS and air permit status.  Air permits for the EOTT facilities in New Mexico were copied from the  agencies records.  Compliance status will be determined for these facilities also. 
 John some quick thoughts on agenda items for the meeting with PG&E:  1. Status of the mini filter separator installations at PG&E interconnect/delivery/receipt points?  Future thoughts/plans for additional separator installations.  2. PG&E customer attitudes about potential PCB introduced into their equipment.  Any new customers with positive hits of PCBs?  3. Internal sampling activities.  How far have PCB's spread into the PG&E system.  (wipe tests results versus liquids collections). A map would be nice   depicting this.  4. Transwestern continues to be pretty much dry on mainline and extremely dry on the Topock lateral.  Maybe we should have a little presentation showing liquids collected in the last year on the mainline and Topock lateral.  Our commitment to keeping the PCBs as immobile as possible.  5. We might consider sharing what we've learned from our PCB modeling study with Penn State and what our  future plans are.  Another Tranwestern effort to  show our commitment.  John, if we plan on opening up our separator, has a decision been  made to decon it or just clean out the hydrocarbon buildup and replace the filters. If we do decide to decon our separator and or theirs, we will need to line out a contractor to be onsite when we blow down the systems.  Id like to discuss possibly not using  Vector for this type of routene activity any longer.  There is a company in Farmington, NM (Riley) that can probably do the job.  As you know, this decon work is not rocket science and Vector is $$$$$$$, although they do a good job.  Chew on these and if I think of any other additional topics, Ill send them your way.....By the way, Earl Chanley is now in Roswell.  FYI in case you plan on asking him to attend the meeting........ 
 In the final phase of developing and determining environmental compliance for the EOTT crude oil tanks in the Midland Region, I have planned a one day site visit on the following days to visit each team location to finalize the spreadsheet for EOTT crude oil tank environmental compliance:  Hobbs team  August 6 8:00 am  Lovington team  August 7 8:00 am  Jal team  August 8 8:00 am  Eunice team  August 9 8:00 am  I would appreciate one member from each team be available at the team office on the assigned day and time to discuss tank history and possibly visit each tank farm within the teams area of responsibility.  Your patience and assistance in finalizing this information will be greatly appreciated.  If a conflict arises, give me a call at (505) 625-8022. 
 I received from the TNRCC an NOV letter for the above facility for failure to submit an emissions inventory for 2000.  This notification from the agency originally came to Rick Loveless by way of Wayne Brunette.  I called the TNRCC and spoke to Kevin Cauble concerning the NOV and he pulled the emissions inventory submitted in 1999 for the facility.  Because VOC's are the issue, I asked him what the emissions were for VOC's on the 1999 inventory.  Kevin stated that the inventory showed VOC emissions of 19.50 tons/yr actuals and 33.56 tons/yr potentials.  We discussed why EOTT would submit an inventory as it is not a major source and not required to.  The only thing we could come up with is that EOTT may have anticipated an increase in throughput at this site and therefore, wanted to ensure that this facility was shown as a title V source.  According to the phone records from the TNRCC for this facility, Craig Willoughby of Entrix had  requested that the faciltiy be kept on the list of facilities required to do inventories.  I have a call into EOTT to determine whether increased throughput is proposed for this facility in the near future.  In speaking with Kevin, he suggested that if a determination is made that if there is to be an increased throughput that wont exceed the 100 ton/yr limit on VOC's, or that throughput conditions remain approximately consistent with previous years, EOTT should provide written notification to the agency that this facility does not meet the applicability requirements of 101.10 (emissions inventory requirements) and request that this facility be removed from the TNRCC mailings. Should EOTT confirm the status of operating throughput to be below the 100 ton/yr VOC emissions limit, I will make make written notification to the TNRCC requesting removal from the list. 
 John, I was just thinking that if this deconning becomes a routene activity for us and PG&E, we might want to consider breaking  in a company that is less expensive, can more quickly mobilize and get the same quality work product.  Vector, has to travel  from Ohio.   Deconning the separators becomes an internal  washing job of the vessel.  I will discuss this with Tiny about possibly using someone else.  Tiny, do you think Riley would be interested in tackling this issue for us and PG&E? As you know, they do not have a deconning permit from the EPA, but with the new PCB rules in place, a permit is not necessary anymore to do deconning activities.  How do you think PG&E will respond to us possibly using another contractor other than Vector for the work.  I suppose we can bring this issue up in Flagstaff.  Mums the word on the PCB modeling issue, John.  Thanks for your guidance and thoughts. 
 A meeting was held with the third party attorney who is providing assistance with the recently issued NOV for the P-1 C/S over a like for like turbine exchange which occurred in 1996.  A history was given of the incidents which led up to the NOV being issued and results of the meeting which Transwestern had with the AQB in 1996 which lead Transwestern to believe that issue had been resolved.  The calendar year 2000 PCB annual document logs were prepared and submitted to each generator of PCBs on the Transwestern system.  Training was given to the Midland Region over the correct completion and submittal of forms used to report natural gas releases  to the TNRCC.  The agency has updated and has become more stringent with respect to Regional requirements for the reportable releases which are submitted to them.  An incomplete form submittal by a compressor station facility near MIdland led to this emergency training being given.  Based upon a phone call with Region 7 of the TNRCC, the agency stated that they will be issuing NOV's to facilities that submit incomplete "Upset/Maintenance NOtification Forms for Reportable Events". 
 A newly revised rule (Subpart HH) has just been implemented by the EPA concerning curde oil tanks with a daily throughput of equal to or greater than 500 bbls. per day.  If there is any tank within your teams area of responsiblity which equals or exceeds the 500 bbls. per day throughput criteria, please provide to me the following:   tank name/serial number  tank size  average daily throughput  Thanks for your help in this matter.... 
 Bill, presented below is a summary of the Midland EOTT tank compliance=20 status verified by fax and telephone with the teams.  This information is 9= 8%=20 complete until actual onsite verification occurs, which is set up for the= =20 month of August. I plan on visiting each team and tank in the Midland=20 Region.  However, until the site visits are completed, this should give you= a=20 good idea of the status of the EOTT pipeline tanks stand with respect to ai= r=20 compliance. =20  1. Tank compliance database, general.  The database, which included 366 tan= ks=20 at the onset, has been reduced to 106 EOTT P/L tanks.  Tanks operated by EO= TT=20 Trucking; non-EOTT tanks;  tanks sold, removed, duplicated, or otherwise=20 listed in error, were removed (and saved in another file).  Of the 106 tank= s=20 listed, 80 are active, 12 are inactive, 10 are permanently out-of-service,= =20 and 4 are abandoned in place.  =20 2. Permit issues.=20 Federal  a. Title V permit concerns do not appear to be a problem.  Electric pumps a= re=20 the norm  at EOTT tank farms, so site emissions are exclusively from the=20 tanks and do not exceed 100 TPY.  (Only Crane Station has a Title V permit)= . =20 This statement is based on =01&worst case=018 calculations using EPA TANKS = 4.0=20 which indicated that in a:  5,000 bbl fixed roof tank:  3.6 MM bbls of RVP 5 crude throughput  (i.e., 7= 20=20 turnovers) produced annual emissions of 48 tons (2 tpy breathing loss, 46 t= py=20 working loss).=20  55,000 bbl EFR tank:  14.0 MM bbls of RVP 5 crude throughput  (i.e., 255=20 turnovers) produced annual emissions of 9 tons (6 tpy breathing loss, 3 tpy= =20 working loss).=20  55,000 bbl fixed roof tank:  14.0 MM bbls of RVP 5 crude throughput  (i.e.,= =20 255 turnovers) produced annual emissions of 4 tons (1 tpy breathing loss, 3= =20 tpy working loss).=20   State=20  b. State permit concerns do not appear to be a problem.  Sixty-three (63) o= f=20 the 106 tanks were constructed before 1971 (and not modified or=20 reconstructed). These tanks are grandfathered and require no permit as long= =20 as throughputs do not significantly change. =20  All of the EOTT Texas tanks of any size constructed/modified/reconstructed= =20 after 1971 and equipped with a floating roof are exempt under Standard=20 Exemption 86, currently known as Permit-by-Rule 106.478.   None of the tank= s=20 store material with a true vapor pressure above 11.0 psia, and total actual= =20 VOC emissions authorized under exemption from any site does not exceed the = 30=20 TAC 106.4 limit of 25 tpy.   No registration for the exemption is necessary= ,=20 since the tanks are not located in a nonattainment county for ozone.  New Mexico=01,s permitting program for petroleum storage tanks is being=20 developed but,  currently, there are no requirements. Therefore, all EOTT= =20 tanks in New Mexico meet state permit requirements.  However, when finalize= d,=20 the control requirements for tanks in New Mexico will not be more stringent= =20 than the federal NSPS Subpart Kb.  Therefore, a tank equipped with a floati= ng=20 roof would be authorized to store petroleum product with a true vapor=20 pressure up to 11.0 psia.   Only the four fixed roof tanks at Maljamar and= =20 the one at Loco Hills could be affected.=20  4. Recordkeeping and inspection issues.  The grandfathered tanks have no=20 requirements. For tanks subject to NSPS Subpart K, only capacity data is=20 required.  Tanks subject to Ka and Kb require inspection, repairs if=20 warranted, and recordkeeping. =20  Note: Especially for some of the older tanks, neither a manufacturer=01,s= =20 identification plate or=20 strapping table is available.  I would suggest that we pursue a records=20 search of old EOTT files to verify construction dates.  I dont know where t= o=20 start on this.  5. Specific compliance/requirements summary.  The tabled information=20 identifies the following:  Federal - 2 tanks (McElroy 58005, Loco Hills 4602) may not be meeting NSPS control= =20 requirements - 4 tanks (Maljamar 1519-1522)  may not be meeting NSPS control requirement= s  (All are cone tanks,  subject to Ka/Kb.  Based on a capacity > 472 bbls and= =20 product true vapor pressure > 2.18 psia, the tanks require a floating roof = or=20 closed vent system);  - 28 tanks at 18 sites are subject to NSPS K/Ka/Kb inspection and/or=20 recordkeeping requirements: K (recordkeeping of tank capacity, dimensions only): Foster 787, 790=20 Quito-Hendrick 58044 Sands 15089A Lynch 1511;  Ka/Kb (inspection & recordkeeping): Burger 58018 (if returned to active status) China Grove 56007-56010 Garden City 56003 Haskell, N. 58509 (if returned to active status) Haskell, S.  58023 (and 58022, if returned to active status) McAfee 1523 McElroy 58005 Midland 1516 Scurry 1517 Wildfire 1524 Livingston-Ridge 68414 Loco Hills 4602, 68417, 68418 Maljamar 1519-1522 Sonora 1515 (if returned to active status) Thomas 68413  State  - Crane Station has an emissions potential > 100 tpy and is therefore=20 required to remit a TNRCC emissions fee, due by 11/1 each year:=20 =20  10 sites are subject to an NSPS Subpart (i.e., K, Ka, Kb) and are therefor= e=20 required to remit a  TNRCC emissions fee, due by 11/1 each year:=20 China Grove, Foster, Garden City, Haskell S., McAfee, McElroy, Midland,=20 Quito-Hendrick, Scurry, Wildfire;  - 8 sites need a TNRCC account number from the Regional office: China Grove= , =20 Haskell S., McAfee, McElroy, Midland, Quito-Hendrick,=20 Scurry, Wildfire;=20 I have initiated the request to the TNRCC for account number for the above= =20 sites =20 - 4 additional sites which, if returned to active status, need a TNRCC=20 account number and are subject to a TNRCC emissions fee, due by 11/1: Burger, Haskell N., Sands, Sonora;  - 3 sites that are not subject to a TNRCC emissions fee, but paid one last= =20 year: Adair, Hendrick, Ozona.  6. Specific inspection requirements: Primary and secondary seal inspections= .=20 See Attachment A for list of tanks affected.=20 API Standard 653-based  =01&In-service=018 inspection checklist. Internal/External Floating Roof Inspection Report checklists. Sketch and Calculation for Perimeter Seal Gap Measurement.   Comprehensive =01&Out-of-service=018 inspections are performed after the ta= nk is=20 cleaned and should=20 be budgeted at approximately $5000. each.  This will include a thorough flo= or=20 scan but will not include required repairs.  =20  =20    ATTACHMENT A  IFR/EFR Storage Tanks Seal Inspections    For the tanks equipped with a floating roof and subject to Ka or Kb, the=20 following requirements apply:  - Tanks with an IFR (internal floating roof) require an internal inspection= =20 every 5 years (however, the interval can be extended to every 10 years if an annual visua= l=20 inspection is performed):  Burger 58018 (if returned to service) China Grove 56007-56010 Garden City 56003 Haskell S. 58023 (and 58022, if returned to service) McAfee 1523 Midland 1516 Scurry 1517 Wildfire 1524 Livingston Ridge 68414=20 Loco Hills 66417, 66418 Thomas 68413    - Tanks with an EFR (external float. roof) require measurement of the gap= =20 between the shell wall and the primary seal every 5 years, and between the= =20 shell wall and the secondary seal  annually:  Foster 787, 790 Quito-Hendrick 58044 Lynch 1511 Sonora 1515 (if returned to service)     =20 
 I just spoke to the state of Arizona concerning the tree removal at Station 2.  Their response to our request to remove the trees has been APPROVED, provided that this is the only pre activity  we do prior to receiving the air permit.  This means that no other  construction or preparation activities can be performed  or conducted untill the air permit has been issued.   This approval also includes stump removal if need be...... 
 NNG Gomez Plant, Site Cleanup has been completed.  All activities associated with the items identified during the sale of the facility have been corrected. Becuse ET&S  owns and WGR operates, there is a concern that WGR may not adhear to compliance and housekeeping  at the facility.  This has been the case in the past.  Discussions will be held with Enron Legal to address these concerns.  TW Bell Lake Gas Plant, Ground Water Remediation.  A revised Water Development Easement from the State Land Office was received. This will allow TW access to install one additional downgradient groundwater monitor well. The tentative schedule to install the well will be the week of September 13th.  A construction permit application for installation of an SVE remediation system for the North Crawar C/S was mailed to the TNRCC.  The State of New Mexico conducted an air quality inspection of the Atoka No. 2 C/S.  No items or deficiencies were identified by the agency.  The Title V air permit application for the Atoka No. 3 C/S was mailed to the State of New Mexico, Air Qualtiy Bureau.  The Notice of Intent air permit application for the Crawford C/S was mailed to the State of New Mexico, Air Quality Bureau.  Annual blanket request letters were submitted to the USFWS in New Mexico and Texas for renewal.  A meeting was held in Houston with John Woodyard of Roy F. Weston and ET&S mgt. addressing PCB activity in natural gas pipelines as related to the PG&E PCB Topock Lateral issue. 
 Sta.3, 4 and 5  As you may know, we are at the end of our grace period for not being required to do monthly sampling for the public water systems at sta. 3,4 and 5.  Jeff Lobstein has been requested to do the monthly drinking water sample collections at  each of the three compressor station and has three months completed.  This memo is a reminder that each location is again required to send their drinking water analytical reports to the following agencies on a monthly basis as the analytical results are received at each compressor station.  Stations 3 and 4:   each months reports are to be sent to the following 2 agencies:  Navajo Nation EPA P.O. Box 339 Window Rock, AZ 86515  Atten: Yolanda Barney   Program Manager   US EPA    Region IX 75 Hawthorne Street San Francisco, CA 94105  Atten: Danny Collier (WTR-6)   Station 5:    your water sample reports are to be sent to the Navajo Nation EPA in Window Rock, AZ, only.  In speaking with Charlie, he has indicated that he will be handling  the reporting for Station 4 also.  I have contacted Nortest in Flagstaff (520) 774-2312, which is the lab selected to do the testing to send station 3 reports to station 3 and station 4 and 5 reports to station 5.  The Navajo Nation has been given primacy and will be taking over the drinking water program for the Navajo Nation in November of this year.  Expect some changes in reporting.   Youmay want  to use MCS as a monthly reminder for the submittal of the reports.  Questions, give me a call  505 625-8022.. 
 The Air Quality Bureau conducted an agency inspection of C/S's 7 Mountainair and 8 Corona.  There were no deficiencies or items of concern identified by the inspector.  Facility records were copied from the Air Quality Bureas files in Santa Fe for the P-1 C/S.  The excess emissions semiannual report as required under NSPS for turbines was submitted for the Bloomfield C/S.  A custom fuel monitoring schedule  reqeust was submitted to Region VI EPA for the NNG Plains turbine C/S.  Emissions fees were submitted for Laguna C/S.  A meeting will be held with the vice president of development for the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation to begin preparation of a MOU between Enron and the Foundation.  The meeting will be held in Albuq. during the 1st or 3rd week in August. 
 Advisors, presented below is a memo from GPG Houston requesting that we provide to them the number of ETS employees in each team who have taken advantage of the one year free membership with The Nature Conservancy. Apparently there is some concern that employees are not taking advantage of the opportunity which has been provided for them to get involved with an organization that has some benefit towards wildlife and habitat preservation and enhancement.  Should an employee desire to sign up for the one year free memebership, the Conservancy the web address is www.tnc.org.  You can click the button that says "Become a member" and sign up for the annual membership at that time.  At the request of Mr. John Shafer, please provide to me a total by  team of the number of individuals which have signed up with the Nature Conservancy by the end of the month.  Your assistance in this is greatly appreciated 
 Kevin, I apologize for not getting back to you sooner as I have been out of touch for the last week.  I read John's message to you and agree with him that we should develop a formal plan to address how we will generate public support and address any future environmental concerns before they jump up and bite us.  As you may kno