 Hey Doug,  Here is what would be great to have:  for Pulp All the mills, their most updated capacity (can you also find out how often they update the capacity and whether they remove the maintenance related downtime when they come up with the capacity number) and the type of pulp they produce.  for Printing & Writing paper same thing for paper too.In addition, what kind of pulp they use to produce the paper.  Can we get the same info in a spreadsheet from too?  thanks, Monika 
 Hello Maria Teresa,  THe September inventory number for Norscan is 1,549,000. The inventory figure for the world is not out yet.   Monika 
 Cecil,  can you please take a look at this presentation and see if numbers make sense?  thanks, Monika 
 Done! 
 Hello Mr. Temple,  This is a follow-up email to what you talked with Dave Allan on the subject of Fiber morphology. Attached you will find the fiber characteristics spreadsheet - the most updated version.  We also have an additional question which is - why each quality parameter (the column headings) is important to each major end-use (paper grade) application.  You can contact me for any further questions.   thanks, Monika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets (713) 345- 1510 
 Attached is the pulp presentation on the pulp facts. I also sent it out to Andrew Conner for review. Please take a look and let me know.  thanks, Monika 
 She is the cutest little thing. 
 Andrew,  Can you take a look at the attached presentation and see if numbers make sense to you.  thanks, Monika 
 Jim,  I found a consultant who does extensive studies on world tissue. PLease read below. Just wanted to know if you knew the guy. His name is Esko Uutella and he is located in Germany. 
 Dick,  Just spoke with Peter Cardellichio at RISI who is the person in charge oh Asia and he told me that their forecast for Japan is based on the European prices. He said that prices in Europe and Japan have been pretty close historically thus he uses European prices as a base and adjusts thoem based on what is happening to Asia.  Hope this helps, Monika 
 Andrea,  I found a private consultant on tissue (as RISI does not do anything on the subject) and he is located in Germany. Below is the kind of information that he can make available to us as well as the costs. Can you please advice me on how much information we want to get from him based on what he wrote below? 
 Hello Mr. Uutella,   I am an analyst working for Enron Industrial Markets in Houston, Texas and I am gathering some information on tissue. I spoke to Rod Young and David Pinault from RISI and they told me to contact you as you do some more extensive studies on tissue usage.  What I am looking for are: tissue capacity worldwide and by region (North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia) and the biggest companies that produce tissue.  Can you also include how much this information would cost?  Thanks in advance, Monika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets (713) 345 1510 
 Vik,  How was Boston?  I think you aske me where BEK prices are? The location is O://Industrial Markets/Fundamentals/Paper/Pulp/RISI Prices. You will find the price for the BEK delivered to US and delivered to Europe.  anything else I can do? Monika 
 Hello Dequan, Can you tell me how recent this forecast is?  Thanks, Monika Causholli Enson Industrial Markets (713) 345 1510 
   Attached is the market wrap up for this week. If you have any questions you can contact me.   Monika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets (713)345-1510 
 Ami,  I will be here on Monday but I believe that most of my day is taken with meetings. Can we possibly meet on Tuesday? Just call me at my extension 5-1510.  good luck at you new job, Monika 
 This is great. Thanks for your help.  Monika Causholli Enron Industrial markets (713)345-1510 
 sounds great. Let's meet on Monday  Monika 
    Dick,  Attached is the 15-year NBSK forecast delivered to Japan.  Monika 
 thanks 
 Gwen,  There have been problems with my paycheck going to the wrong address. It is still going in Portland, Oregon. Can you please change my mail stop to 2906?  My current address is 2440 North Boulevard # 5205 Houston, TX 77098  and I changed this in the ehronline website. Can you reconfirm this?  Thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Karen,  Can you please review the market wrap?  thanks, Monika 
 SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27, 2001 (paperloop.com) - Worldwide chemical paper-grade market pulp producer inventories declined 66,000 tonnes in August from the prior month, according to preliminary data from the Pulp and Paper Products Council in Montreal. August marked the sixth month in a row that world inventories had fallen as producers dropped their stocks 1.9 percent from opening levels. World producer stocks closed August at 3.402 million tonnes, representing 37 days of supply, a day less than July results. Producer inventory levels are 33.3 percent higher than year-ago figures, when world producers held 28 days of supply. Although stocks are still high on a year-over-year basis, recent results still represented a strong improvement. Back in June, world producer stocks were 74.8 percent higher than the same period last year. August production of 2.683 million tonnes declined 2.3 percent from last month and tumbled 10.3 percent vs. year-ago results of 2.992 million tonnes. Global shipments totaled 2.750 million tonnes, dipping 1.9 percent from the 2.698 million tonnes recorded in August of last year. Producers operated at 88 percent of capacity in August, the same rate as both June and July of this year. That compared to world producers' year-ago operating rate of 103 percent. Meanwhile, the shipment-to-capacity ratio, considered an indicator of producer discipline, advanced 2 points from the prior month to 90 percent, PPPC reported. World inventory figures include totals from North America, Nordic countries, Argentina, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Chile, France, Japan, Morocco, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, South Africa, South Korea, Spain, and Swaziland. Countries that do not report inventories include Russia, Indonesia, Taiwan, and Thailand. World producers shifted 26,000 tonnes between the close of July and last month's opening inventories. 
 Karen,  Attached is the market wrap for this week. Can you please edit it?  thank you, Monika 
 Eugenio,  Can you send me the correlations spreadsheet so I can start using it too?  Thanks, Monika 
 Dirk,  Attached is the historical shipments to capacity ratio  Monika 
 Karen,  RISI has a European consumption number for the hardwoods but does not break this down to BEK and other hardwoods.  Let me know if you need the hardwood consumption.  Monika 
 Karen,  Per you request today attached is the hardwood shipments form Portugal, Chile and S. Africa to Europe. Note that A. Africa is combined with Morocco's data. 
 Morela, I don't know if you got this:  Brazil's Cenibra getting $100 million investment to expand pulp 09/25/2001 10:05:35, SABI Brazil, Sept. 24, 2001 (Gazeta Mercantil) -- After investments of US$650mil to take the control of woodpulp producer Cenibra, the consortium JBP (Japan Brazil Paper and Pulp Development Co) has decided to expand business. Cenibra will receive US$100mil investment to increase its capacity at Belo Oriente facility, Minas Gerais state, from the current 800,000 to 1 million tonnes per year. In 2000 the company registered R$838.6mil net earning, and R$229mil net profit. Its net worth reached R$609.6mil. 
 Traders,  The pulp meeting will be held today between 2-3 pm in room 2942.  Thanks, Monika 
 Foex published their index for the week:  NBSK remained at $450 for the third week in a row, whereas BHKP was $404.96 up $4.89 (1.22%). But expressed in Euros the price dropped to Euro 436.76 from the Euro 439.4 of last week.   PLease see attached,  Monika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets (713) 345 1015 
 Dirk,  Attached are the updated tables on Demand Indicators.   MOnika 
   Hope this helps  Monika 
 Andrew,  As a follow-up to our conversation last week I have tried to get the list of mills from PPPC but they are not responding to my requests. There is another way to compile that by using Jacobs Sirrine database information.  Second, I changed the inventory sheet to reflect the latest NORSCAN inventory number that I got from PPPC and so the forecast for October changed a bit, more in line with the historical average now.  Let me know what you want to do on the pulp mills's list and also anything additional in the inventory forecast sheet.  Monika 
 Today FOEX published its weekly index for pulp:  For the first time in weeks both the softwoods and the hardwoods show signs of weaknesses again.  NBSK was down $US0.48 or 0.1% after four weeks of price increases. BHKP was Euro 466 down Euro 3.34. Expressed in US dollars BHKP was $US416.09 down $US2.33 or 0.56%. These decline happens despite the recent efforts from the biggest pulp producers, including Weyerhaeuser, to raise prices. This might be a sign of the fact that the market fundamentals  do not support the price increases in pulp.   The average FOEX for October is: NBSK: $US 460.68 up $10.26 from September BHKP:$US 414.76 up $13.67 from the September level  Please attached for a chart of FOEX prices 
  Thanks! 
 Done! 
 Hey Laura,  Do you have the phone number of that hair salon you go to?  thanks, Monika 
 Dave,  Here is the report on RISI conference.  thanks, Monika 
 Hello Jim,  It's been a long time since I last wrote you but here I am again. I am still working for Enron, but I moved away from Oregon. Now me and my husband are living in Houston, Texas. I worked in Portland until May of this year and then I though of moving away from Oregon just because opportunities are not as big there. In Portland I wroked as a power real time trader buying and selling power real time. I got tired of that job because of shift work. This summer I joined the forests products department and right now I do analysis for the traders. I ahve taken a couple of derivatives classes offered in the company and plan to take some more. My goal is to move to a trader's position, mostly financial trader to work with derivatives but we will see what happens. Right now I am learning about the market, and how it functions.  I plan on taking some classes next term at Rice University in Houston. I need to have better mathematical skills and I will start taking math classes at night after work. We will see how this goes. i have to prepare myself well for the future.  That's all on work side. Moving to Houston was quite a change. The  weather especially. Right now though the weather is great, it's sunny and in the mid-70s to 80s. I love it. Koli likes Portland better. Houston is a much bigger city and a little more dangerous. I like it though, what I miss is Corvallis and school. I miss business school at OSU and studying for finance classes. I want to go back to school eventually and get both MBA and PHD so I can teach. I would love to be a professor.  So how are you? How is your wife? Your kids? Is anything new happening? What about your parents in NY? Are they OK from all that has happened? What about OSU? Anything new there? How is prof. Moulton? Say hi to him from me. What about the students? Are you still demanding of them? You know I remember that I put a lot of work in your classes.  We plan to go home this Christmas and meet our families. My parents ask me about you all the time. They had the greatest time when they visited me here.  well that's all for now but I will keep in touch more often. Let me know how thigs are going with you,  say hi to your wife from me best wishes, Monika 
 yes please include me in the class.  thanks Monika Causholli 
 Hello everyone,  Attached is a summary of the 16th annual North American RISI conference on forest products. I have additional more detailed information on my desk in case anyone needs it.  thanks, Monika Causholli Ext. 5-1510 
 Karen,  Attached is the Asian mill by capacity from three different sources. RISI, Jacobs-Sirrine, PPI.   Monika 
 Gracie,  Can I still cancel the class. I am sorry but I can't make it.  thanks, MOnika Causholli 
 Yes I have but I just cancelled Der. II.  thanks, Monika 
 Dave,  Attached are the revisions. It's all checked out by Cecil Stapley. Let me know who to send this to.  Thanks, Monika 
 G-P Leaf River pulp mill sale deal with Enron falls through 10/24/2001 17:43:03, Forestweb By Diane Keaton  San Francisco, Oct. 24, 2001 (Forestweb) -- The tentative deal for Georgia-Pacific Corp. (G-P) to sell its Leaf River market pulp mill to Enron Corp. has collapsed, according to a knowledgeable industry source.  Neither company is speaking publicly about the latest development, citing policies against commenting on rumors. However, the pending arrangement, subject to final approval, was no secret to some pulp and paper industry players (see Forestweb, Oct.19).  Top Enron officials were said to have nixed the agreement this week. Last week in its third quarter earnings statement, the company reported a net loss of $618 million, including a write-off of $1.01 billion.  The source said the deal might still be salvageable at a later date.  The Leaf River mill, in New Augusta, Miss., has the capacity to produce 600,000 tonnes per year. Since February it has produced exclusively softwood kraft pulp. 
 Gracie,  When is the course offered again because I can't find it in the web?  Monika 
 Shipments of market pulp to China totaled 462,157 tonnes in September, down 0.6% compared with August shipments, according to a report last week by China's Materials Information Center.Despite the month-to-month decline last month, market pulp imports into China year-to-date have climbed 33% vs. the same period last year. From January to September 2001, imports have totaled 3.54 million tonnes, reported China's general administration of customs. This might indicate that the Chinese buyers have plenty of stocks available and might slow down their purchasing patterns.   Weak market in the pulp industry continues to push producers into taking further downtime. As expected the bulk of downtime is taken by the Canadian producers who face the highest producing costs.  Today NorskeCanada announced it will take additional curtailment at all four of its BC pulp and paper divisions during the fourth quarter to reflect the continuing difficult market conditions.The company said it will curtail paper production by 60,000 tonnes (including 38,000 tonnes of newsprint) and pulp production by 23,600 tonnes in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter curtailment brings accumulated total paper curtailment for 2001 to 166,000 tonnes (including 112,000 tonnes of newsprint) and pulp curtailment to 121,000 tonnes. 
 Sorry Nyree. No exceptions.  Monika 
 Amy,  You could probably add expected capacity projections to see how Asian capacity will change in the future both in pulp and paper and compare that to let's say other areas of the world. I remember that in the RISI conference the speakers were saying that Asian pulp capacity increase will lag behind that of Latin America but their paper capacity will probably explode so they will major pulp buyers.  Anyways, you can find the capacity expansion data in the PPPC website. Let me know because I have some printed copies too.  Monika 
 When is the next derivatives  II class offered?  thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Hello Karen, Attached is the market wrap for this week.   Thanks, Monika 
 In September North American paper demand continued to fall. This is not positive news for the paper and pulp industry.  The following is what PPPC released: North American printing/writing paper inventories dropped by about 6% from August to the end of September, but shipments, production, and demand stayed depressed from year-ago levels. Total North American printing/writing production was down 11.0% in September compared with a year ago, to 2.091 million tonnes, PPPC reported. Total shipments were off 9.9% to 2.224 million tonnes. Total inventories decreased 133,000 tonnes from August to September to 2.145 million tonnes and were 313,000 tonnes or 12.7% lower than in September last year. The industry overall operating rate (shipments to capacity) in September was 84%, down from 88% in August and down from 96% a year ago. Uncoated free-sheet accounted for most of the inventory drop, according to September statistics released yesterday by the Pulp and Paper Products Council in Montreal. North American demand was down 10.2% in September to 1.038 million tonnes Coated free-sheet (woodfree) demand was down 11.2% in September while coated groundwood (mechanical) papers demand was off 7.5%, PPPC reported. 
 Karen,  Can you please take a look at the revised version and let me know?  thanks, Monika 
 I want to register.  thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Karen,  Attached is the pulp flow chart. 
 Thanks Dave! It's nice to have some feedback  Monika 
 Thanks Elliot!  Monika 
 Hello Karen,  Please find attached Chile's capacity and its expansion projects.  Note that: 1- Arauco's Constitucion mill might have another alternative capacity of 360,000 tons a year. I was confused because in their annual report the capacity is mentioned many times, each time different numbers. Can I get your input on this. We can discuss it when you have time.  2- There is one modernization project that will increase the capacity of Pacifico mill (CMPC) that will come online on Q1 2003. I did not apply any percentage rate for the project implementation. PLease advise me if I need to do that plus the rates I should use.  3- The projects in red are not impelemented yet and PPPC does not look very optimistic for those.  4-Sheet 1 of the spread sheet contains the mills' capacities from Jacobs Sirrine which are not far off from the capacities I found in the annual reports.  Let me know if I need to work and improve this further.  Finally, I had a lot of fun working on this project  :)  Monika 
 Hello,  The November FOEX that came out today showed a small up-tick versus last week.  FOEX for NBSK was US$465.43 up US$0.95 (0.2%)  FOEX for BHKP was Euro 466.02 up only Euro 0.02. In terms of dollars BHKP was US$420.55 up US$4.46 (1.07%).  Even though the movement upwards is very minimal, it is still in line with the pulp producers' attempts to raise prices. The price increases so far have been partially successful as producers have only been able to push for a US$10-15 dollar increase  instead of US$20-30 as previously announced. Still price increases are expected to continue in November.  Please see attached for a chart on FOEX indeces.   Thanks, Monika Causholli ext. 5-1510 
 Maybe I should rephrase it: What I was trying to say there was that producers are going to continue to make efforts to increase the prices in November in line with what they have announced. Whether that happens or not remains to be seen.  thanks for the feedback though. It helps a lot. Monika 
 Hey Vik,  Do you know how often he publishes this? 
 I am! 
  Nyree,  I received this message and i don't know what it means. Can you help?  thank you, Monika 
 Great. thank you. Monika 
 Karen,  Attached is the market wrap for this week.  Monika 
 Thanks! 
 It's such a cool card. Thank you very much.  Monika 
 Karen,  Here is the market wrap -revised.  Thank you, Monika 
 Hello everyone,  Attached is the market wrap for the week of 11/09. PLease if you have any questions you can contact me.  Thanks, Monika Causholli ext. 5-1510 
 Hi Margaret,  Can I still travel on the visa that I have with Enron name on it?  Thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Pivot tables macros 
 Hello Tammy,  Here is my home email:  mcausholli@hotmail.com  Let me know if there is anything else you need. thanks, Monika 
 Hi Nyree,  I took vacation from Nov12-14.  thanks, Monika 
 thank you! 
 Dave,  As PPPC explains in the attached file the reason for the low levels of inventory was because the consumer inventories had reached such a low level (below normal) throughout the whole year that now consumers are rebuilding the stocks.  Monika 
 Yes great! 
 thanks! 
 Dirk,  Here it is!  Monika 
 ... to send me that list of companies!   thanks, Monika 
 Thanks Dave. I got in.  Monika 
  Good luck my friend. It has been great working with you. keep in touch my email is: mcausholli@hotmail.com Monika 
  Nyree I received this again. See below Monika 
 Can I get an application and a brochure from the Bocconi university. I am interested in the MIEM/MCF.  My name: Monika Causholli  Address:  2440 north boulevard # 5205 Houston, TX 77098 USA Tel 713 807 1039 email: mcausholli@hotmail.com  thank you, Monika Causholli 
 Hello Jim,  I was glad to hear back from you. So you are going to be a grandpa soon. That's great news!  Well, the main reason I am writing to you is that I need some advice. I would like to go back to school next year but I have no financial security. My job prospects don't look good either now that Enron was bought from another company.  I know that many private schools offer scholarships as well as assistantships. I am looking into all of those.  It would be very helpful for me if you would help and direct me in the righ direction, let's say if you know a professor that would like to have his own researcher which would help me in the process to go through with school. I have a great deal of interest in finance, and that is what I want to do, I really don't want to do a MBA, rather a MS in Finance. I am very ambitious and work really hard to succeed. I have great work experience and I have worked for a company that is well recognized for its talent pool.  If you can't help me with this process, do you know anyone who can? I really would appreciate any advice that you can give me because I have no one else to get advice from right now. In addition, if you have any contact in the job market I would look into that too.  Thanks Jim, Monika 
 Karen,  Here is my resume.  Thanks, Monika 
 Jim,  This is very helpful. I already forwarded my resume to the Tektronix contact you told me. I am forwarding you a copy of my resume as well just in case you something good crosses your way. I appreciate your help a lot. This whole thing with my company happened so fast and caught me off guard.- a lesson for next time-.  Anyways please continue to keep in touch. I will do the same and keep you posted. You know we really do not want to go back home right now. I have a list of things I haven't accomplished yet.  Thanks, Monika 
 Forgot to attach it. Here is my resume. 
 Sorry Morela. I will remove you now from the list. Monika 
 Daniel,  Attached is the spreadsheet that contains US annual wood pulp exports to Brazil for the period 1997 -2001. For 2001 the number represents the accumulated exports between January- August.  Let me know if I can help with anything else, Monika Causholli 
 Hello Karen,  Please find attached the market wrap for this week.  Thanks, Monika 
 Can you send me a brochure and an application packet?  My contact info: Monika Causholli 2440 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, TX 77098  email: mcausholli@hotmail.com Tel. (713) 807 1039   Thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Hello Mr. Hughson,  Ronald Melicher adviced me to contact you about the PhD program. I am interested in the field of finance and I wanted to learn about the PhD finance program at the University of Colorado. Can you summarize the main points of the program, its requirements,and the deadlines?  I have finished a finance degree from Oregon State University and have two years of work experience.  Sincerely, Monika Causholli Enron Corp. (713) 345 1510 
 Jim,  I did write to Eric Hughson about the PhD program and I am waiting for his response. In the meantime can you write me a recommendation letter. I know you don't like to do this but if you would it would be great. I am planning to apply to about 3-4 schools for now. I will mail the paperwork to you on Monday. Also, should I contact the other finance professors at OSU trying to see what they can help me with? Thanks for all your help. I will keep you posted.  Monika 
 Hey Ami,  Here is my resume.   Thanks, Monika 
 Jim,  I was thinking that since I do not have enough time to prepare the appplication process, it would be a good idea for me to fax the recommendation letter forms to you first so you know what to expect and maybe start writing. In the meantime, I will mail those forms as well as envelopes because you have to retunrn those to me. The envelopes would have to be signed across the seal. There will be a total of four schools that I am applying to. 1- Yale 2- Boston College 3- University of Massachusetts 4- Bocconi University (Italy)  Thanks, Monika 
  Karen,  I will be in a class on Nov 27-28. The class in on "Understanding Options". Let me know if this is OK with you.  Thanks, Monika 
 I think so. They don't register you until the person in charge approves it. 
 I can't attend this class.  thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Hi Karen,  Here is the Chilean capacity spreadsheet. I have placed this in the O:/Industrial Markets/Fundamentals/South American Pulp/Chile Data.    Monika 
 thanks Dave! 
 Hello,  I am interested in the marketing analyst job posted in the monster.com  Please find my resume attached.  Sincerely, Monika Causholli 
 Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807 1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supporting the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
 Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807-1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supporting the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
 Hello,  I am applying for the Power trader position offered in the monster.com. I have 1- year experience working as a real time power trader. Please find my resume attached for additional information.  Thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Hello,  I am applying for the credit analyst position placed on the monster.com.  Please find my resume attached.  Sincerely, Monika Causholli 
   Hello,  I am looking for the Financial Analyst position posted on the monster.com  Please find my resume attached.  Sincerely, Monika Causholli 
 FOEX for NBSK and BHKP continued to increase by a few cents this week and it looks like they are approaching the late July levels.  NBSK is now US$468.64 up US$0.92 or 0.2% BHKP is 417.21 up US$0.15 or 0.04%.  See attached  Monika 
 Jim,  What is you middle name if you don't mind me asking you. I need it to fill out the recommendation letter  Monika 
 ... I also need the exact title you have  Monika 
 I will not be able to attend the class! 
 Hello everyone,  Attached is the market wrap for the week of Oct 19. If you have any questions you can contact me.  thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Hello,  I am applying for the position of client support analyst posted on the Headhunter website.  Please see my resume below:  Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807-1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supported the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
 Hello,  I am interested in the Financial Analyst position posted with Headhunter. Please see my resume below:  Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807-1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supported the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
 Hello,  I am interested in the position of Senior Financial Analyst posted on Headhunter. I am attaching my resume as a summary of my education and work experience. You can contact me by email, or phone. See details below:   Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807-1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supported the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
 Hello,  I am pplying for the Financial Analyst position posted on Headhunter. Attached is my resume. You can contact me by email or phone. See below:  Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807-1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supported the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
 Hello,  I am interested in the Transmission Trader position posted in the Headhunter. I have also attached my resume as a summary of my qualifications. Please contact me by email or phone. See below:    Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807-1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supported the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
 Hello,  I am interested in the Trading Analyst position with Sims Associates which was posted on Headhunter. I am attaching my resume as a summary of my qualifications. Please contact me through email or phone. See below:  Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807-1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supported the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, l