 Thanks I will look at it tonight -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Kevin  The dial in network is down so Elizabeth is headed into the office to get the PGE capacity release report.  It may be an hour.  Sorry for the delay. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I'm traveling to Florida on a business meeting on Thursday.  If Fred the chicken is available, I'd be pleased to have him accompany me. 
  fyi 
  I'm fine with these latest changes to our OBA mark-up. 
 Chris,  I also wanted to mention that I confirmed the Connie Davis of Travel Brokers received our passports and Kazakstan and Russian visa applications and is holding them pending instructions from you.  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 (work) 713-857-2013 (cell) 
 Ginger/Chris,  The Orphans petitions coordinator at the Houston INS office called this morning to say that our paperwork appeared in order and that she has an appointment to review our case with her supervisor this afternoon.  She said that we should receive the approval notification form within a week.  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 (work) 713-857-2103 (home) 
 http://www.borg.com/~rjgtoons/bizco.html 
  Hi Ms. Traylor,  I gave my mom a heads up that "flat Stanley" would be arriving in the mail soon -- but it seems like recent mail jitters are coming into play.  Before poor Stanley is needlessly tossed on fears of biological terrorism could you confirm whether Master Stanley might be in a brown envelope?  I didn't have Ms. Jung's email.  Hope all is well with you.  I am so pleased with how happy Chad is with school.  At first he expected to be coddled like Kindergarten and complained that 1st grade was too hard.  Boy how things have changed in a month. Yesterday he told me that he was so happy that school was hard -- Kindergarten was soooooo boring.  I really appreciate the firm, yet compassionate manner you have with the kids.  It is just what Chad needs to develop.  While I'm writing, I will also mention one thing to you in case it comes up at school.  Over the summer we hosted a 4-year old orphan girl (Alina) from Kazakhstan.  She had to return to her orphanage while we complete paperwork to adopt her.  The other day, Chad was watching TV and saw a picture of some Afghan children.  He commented how much they look like Alina and then burst out in tears.  If the school works on a project for the Afghan kids, Chad may seem a little more emotional than usual -- just wanted you to know.  Regards,  Shelley Corman  (Chad's Mom) scorman@enron.com 
  Do you know? 
 Elizabeth Brown will forward the capacity release data shortly -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 http://www.nolo.com/calculator/index.html 
  Here is my two cents...  From your message I understand that the tree trunk is entirely on our property and branches overhang the condominium fence.  If so, then the tree belongs to Ashford.  The condominium probably has the legal right to trim branches up to the property line, but may not go on our property or destroy the tree.  A landowner is generally not required to trim its tree unless it knows the tree to be dangerous or the tree is obstructing a public road.   A landowner can't be negligent unless they have legal duty to do something.  Since the condominiums concern appears to be aestetics and not safety, there doesn't appear to be a "negligence" issue. Further, a landowner isn't negligent for natural conditions such as a tree falling onto others property during a storm unless the landowner knew the tree was unstable prior to the storm.  If the condominimum choose to sue the church for failure to maintain the tree, they would have to do so on a "nuisance" theory arguing that thetree interferes with the use and enjoyment of their property.  Still to prevail on a nuisance theory they would probably have to argue that the tree was dangerous.  Bottom Line:  We don't have a responsibility to trim the tree, but it seems sensible to let the condominium trim the tree so that issues don't ever arise later if a storm blew limbs down. 
 Please add to my personal contact list 
 Thanks for the invite.  Unfortunately, we have a customer meeting at South Shore Harbor that day.  Hope you are doing well.  I haven't made it home to a football game yet this year -- although I guess that has been a blessing.  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 
 FYI 
 Kent,  I can get together on Tues.  at 1:30.  I certainly want to make this report as useful as possible.  But, in some regards I feel like I failed my group in not memorializing the notes from our Omaha meeting on the specific changes that we agreed as a group to make to the report.  I have kept Dale in a state of fiddling with this report for two months now.   For example, my notes from our meeting reflect the fact that we decided against trend information.  I am certainly willing to change that decision if you guys collectively agree.  Have you considered whether we need different types of reports rather than try to accomplish all on this page.  The purpose of the current page is for gas logistics to report on what is happening on the system (i.e. how the physical world is tracking to the paper world).   We need to run through this exercise from a gas logistics side each day even if it isn't meaningful to marketing.  I'm not adverse to the concept of studying shifts in gas flows from day-day or year-year, but perhaps this is a distinct analytical tool.  Hopefully we can work out these details on Tues & then run with it. 
 Thanks.  I got your voice message.  I'm good with getting together on Tuesday, but I would also like any major formatting feedback in advance of the meeting if possible so that we can walk away from the meeting on Tuesday with the final product.  Otherwise, I'm concerned that we'll never get out of the cycle of perpetual feedback & differences in preferences of formatting style. 
 It has been terrific to correspond with Liz & satisfying to help her get info on Oksana from my correspondence with Larisa.  My dossier is with Ginger, hopefully being translated.  I have not yet received my INS approval and I'm scared that I'll anger them if I start calling. 
 Too much partying yesterday -- so I didn't finish my homework.  I'm still working on the slides and probably will be during the Commission meeting.  So I'll send them to you by 10:30 AM of so.  If you are available to edit them during a working lunch in my office let me know. 
 No revenue is better.  I've already been over our O&M with my directors. 
 Thanks for the info 
 I'll be at the meeting Friday.  Caroline tells me that it is strictly a revenue review - no O&M.   Do you want to go over just revenue with my team or both revenue/O&M? 
 Glad you had fun -- but sorry the Astros didn't do their part! 
  Stan,  Attached is a summary of the current pipeline segment GISB Board terms and suggested motions for the upcoming INGAA Board Meeting.  Summary of Pipeline Segment GISB Board Terms  Name	Company 	Term Expires	Another Term?  Stan Horton	Enron Transportation Services	Dec 31, 2001	No  Richard Kruse	Duke Energy Gas	Dec 31, 2002	n/a  Terry McGill	Columbia Gulf Transmission	Dec 31, 2001	Yes  Ron Mucci	Williams Gas Pipeline	Dec 31, 2002	n/a  John Somerhalder	El Paso Energy Pipeline Group	Dec 31, 2001	Yes   Suggested Board Motion: * Motion to extend board terms of Messers Somerhalder and McGill for another two-year term and elect Shelley Corman of Enron for a two-year board term though Dec. 31, 2003.  Joe - Please make sure that Joan Dreskin adds GISB Board Representation as an item for the upcoming INGAA Board Meeting. 
  FYI Only  Attached is a copy of the Gas Logistics presentation that I gave at Phil Lowry's operations conference this morning. 
 Please add to my calendar 
  Something like  "Financial Support- IT & Gas Logistics" 
 Danny,  Thanks for securing the Astros tickets for Gas Logistics.  On Monday afternoon I had everyone gather and we had popcorn and a drawing for yesterday's seats, the extra seats for today and this Friday's opening Aeros game.  It turned out great.  Even though I followed this democratic process -- the winners turned out to be exactly the people I wanted to reward.  I also made sure to have a leader in each group to buy the snacks.  Yesterday Brad took Jodie Floyd, Jerry Graves, and Tracy Minter,Toby Kuehl and Lanny Cramer.  Today Dannis Bellard, Dale Ratliff, Terry Kowalke and Steve Chambers are going to the game.  It was a great morale builder.  Thanks.  We'll try to do this again next week if we have extra tickets (Astros cooperating of course).  Today, Bill Murphy of FPL and Jude Campbell of TECO-PGS are coming to town to go to the game with Mike Bryant and I.  I'm also going to have a dinner for them after the game.  Perhaps at Irma's where hopefully Jack and Rachel will join us.  I'll have Ricki leave you a message if you are interested in stoping by.  Early this AM I'll be out speaking at Phil's Ops conference.  I'm going to call Julie to get on your calendar to brief you on some key logistics issues and talk about issues related to our current seating arrangements. 
 Mike - I'll be out at the Ops. conference until 9 AM.  Could you please coordinate the meeting time at the Enron building with Jude/Bill.  Ricki I'm assuming that you have set our travel to ballpark.  Also, I want to make sure that we make the trip worth their while.  Mike - Can we quickly pull together dinner/happy hour plans (casual) downtown after the game (perhaps Ricki could reserve a spot for 10 at the old Irma's over by the ballpark) where Dannis, Steve, Jack, Rachel, schedulers, etc. meet us.  I need to leave downtown by 7 PM for a meeting this evening and I want to make sure that we have entertainment reinforcements. 
 Please RSVP that I will attend. 
 Jo, Kent & Dave,  Per our joint meeting in Omaha several weeks ago and subsequent conversations with Jo and others, the morning meeting report has been revised to:  - Remove unnecessary line pack and yesterday's plan info. - Add additional interconnect points - Add fuel and a system balance computation for the Market, Midcontinent and Permian area - Improve formatting and readability.  Dale will shortly forward a draft of the new report.  Please confirm that it meets with your expectations. We would plan to put this new format in place mid-week next week. 
  I have been friends with Shelley Corman since 1985.  We have worked together and maintained a personal friendship through the year.  Shelley is a kind and loving person.  She is active in her church and in charitable activities.  I met her husband, Kim Erb, in 1997 and have been friends with Shelley and Kim as a couple since that time.  Both Shelley and Kim are loving parents to their six-year old son Chad.  It has been a delight to watch them raise Chad to be such a fine young man.  I believe that their home would provide a terrific environment for an adopted child.  Sincerely  Christi Nicolay {contact info}   Please call Ava Garcia to pick it up when done.  Thanks -- I'll call you tonight 
  Caroline - Would you be amenable to renaming your weekly report?  There is some confusion that this report is the Gas Logistics report.  Thanks for your help. 
 Please print and store for next week's calendar items 
  I talked to Ginger this morning.  She received my dossier and is sending it for translation.  She said she will be at Chris Ivins today reviewing dossiers.  She also said that there is a possible change in document requirements that would require that certain documents be "apostilled" in Austin.  I asked Ginger to send you the picture of Oksana.  She said that she thought she had already had.  She said she left you a voice message & would try to call you again later.  Talk to you soon. 
 Sorry but Lynn already gave it away 
 I can't join you in walking this year, but you can put me down for a $50 contribution.  I don't need a shirt though -- I still have JDF shirts from years past. 
 I was referring to the fact that Bearpaw is an actual marketing affiliate of NNG and is posted as such on the website.  Bearpaw has a transport contract on NNG. 
 Hey all,  Can I get a copy of the settlement bullets sent to FERC staff and indicated shippers.  Lynn, Darrell, Brad & I are working on ideas on how we could revised current posting and customer point/path/segment look-up capabilities and are interested in learning whether our revised capacity procedures are any more specific than in the earlier draft we looked at. 
  Please see the attached notice about a drawing for Astros Playoff tickets to be held today. 
 Fine with me 
  Updated 8/28/01  Transwestern Pipeline Company Summary of Red Rock Contracts  Start	End Contract #	Shipper	MDQ	Date	Date  27608	WGR	10,000	6/1/2002	5/31/2017 27605	Frito Lay	2,700	6/1/2002	5/31/2017 27604	Frito Lay	5,300	6/1/2002	5/31/2003 27622	US Gypsum	4,500	6/1/2002	8/31/2014 27609	BP Energy	15,000	6/1/2002	5/31/2012 27607	Oneok	1,700	6/1/2002	3/31/2004 27642	Calpine	40,000	7/1/2002	6/30/2017 27641	PPL	20,000	6/1/2002	6/30/2032 27649	PPL	7,500	6/1/2002	5/31/2007 106,700 
 Please also put all this data with the weekly calendar 
 I don't think that it is absolutely imperative to attend.  However, we may = be able to help Joe define some of the customer benefits of electronic serv= ice.  Can one of the Tobys attend? 
 Looking forward to our discussion. 
  In the past we have blessed RAC as a truly corporate function with whom we could share information and receive services.  When I read that there are power trading folks on the RAC team, my radar goes up about the need to put firewalls in place within RAC. 
  I'd change the reference to Management Team to "Gas Logistics Team" 
  John - As promised, albeit a week late - ETS Communication Budget for 2001 & 2002.  2002 Plan 2001 Plan  2001 Plan vs Actuals 
 If you haven't filed yet - the reference should be to gas logistics and not market services.  Thanks 
  Liz,  I'm not sure if we met either time at the Austin airport this summer.  My husband and I hosted 4-year old Alina, part of the same Taraz group as your child.   We miss her terribly and are counting the days until we can bring her home.  We're certainly not looking forward to travel at this time, and even less happy about leaving our 6-year old son home while we are out of country, but we are resolved to bring Alina home -- the sooner, the better.  Based on conversations with Ginger and Chris, it sounds like we may face the travel adventure at the same time -- although I'm not sure when.  We have completed our dossier (although I haven't sent the originals to Ginger); completed our home study & sent into INS recently; and we've already done the INS fingerprinting.  So I guess the next steps are INS approval, shipping stuff off to Kazakstan, and getting our Kazakstan visas.  One of the hardest parts of the Kidsave program is not being able to communicate with the kids when they return.  She is in the Ulan orphanage in Taraz.  Alina speaks only Kazak, no Russian, so I'm not sure how I'd communicate with her long distance even if I had an address or phone number.  Fortunately I have received periodic emails from Larissa, the escort that came to Houston with the children this summer.  Her husband, Sergei, has been to visit the children in Taraz & she sent me a picture of Alina.  Sorry to ramble so.  I'm anxious to talk to you about your child, your travel plans, possibilities for hiring an escort, etc.  Please feel free to call or email me anytime.  Here is my contact info.  Shelley Corman (husband Kim Erb) 14126 Scarborough Fair Houston TX 77077  scorman@enron.com (work) cormanerb@cs.com (home)  713-853-7083 (work) 281-531-0385 (home) 713-857-2103 (cell) 
 Yes Thank You -  The Home Study arrived yesterday in the mail and I'm shipping it off to the INS today.  I just go back in town last night from a business trip and am anxious to Liz today. 
 I think we expected it.  The ALJ said he need more time for his decision.  On a positive note, it gives the parties more time to discuss settlement 
      I would propose to use only the Mainline West sheet. 
 Thanks for you voice message.  I have been traveling the last couple days and thought Tim forwarded the memo & invoice on Monday.  In reality, he was on a trip with some Gulf South folks & just returned to the office today.   He sent the attached memo and invoice this morning.  I was a bit off with my timing -- as September accounting close is tomorrow.  Thanks again for your help in resolving this matter. 
  Please forward this letter & invoice to GulfSouth.  I am sending an email copy to Claire. 
 Please mark on my calendar & print out this file. 
 Suzanne,  Hope you are doing well.  Any update on when Gwyn will sign and forward the homestudy?  I was hoping that I might be in a position to forward to the INS later this week.   I have all completed the rest of my dossier and am now focused on INS approval.  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 
 Looks great 
  There was no attachment 
  Ladies,  The Holiday Shopping Card is a wonderful holiday tradition.  The card entitles the holder to a 20% discount from November 1-November 11 at a range of stores throughout town such as Berings, Macy's, Events, Harold Powell, Banana Republic, Tootsies, JoAnn's, Williams Sonoma, Pottery Barn, Richards Liquors, Children's Collection, Talbots Kids, Zainy Brainy and many, many more.  The cards are available for $60.  The entire $60 goes to the American Cancer Society and is tax-deductible.   Checks and credit cards are accepted.  Please contact Kimberly Nelson at x33580 if you'd like to purchase a Holiday Card and start your holiday shopping early and benefit a great cause at the same time. 
 Sounds interesting (although I don't have capital dollars at this point for= modifications to make CAS accessible to customers).   Let me touch base wi= th my team to talk about this concept & I'll get back with you. 
  Pam,  Thanks for all your help on the move/relocation.  I think you, Donna Scott & Jean McFarland have made the process of moving very efficient for all involved.  On the longer range issue; however, I need to elevate my level of concern that the moves are having on customer service issues.  Since Tropical Storm Allison, ETS has experienced one computer system outage after another; including the virus problem the week before last.  This morning our scheduling system is out and we are having Internet problems -- both of which are impacting customer nominations.  During system outages it is imperative that gas logistics be able to mobilize and implement back-up plans to ensure customer transactions.  This is best handled by having a central staging area.  I realize these system reliablity problems have nothing to do with our moves or with the ultimate location of the Gas Logistics group.  Certainly I am pursuing these reliability concerns with Steve Hotte.  But, in light of these issues, I would like to talk about the timing & end state of where Gas Logistics is to be located and how long it is going to take to make this happen.   I know that your first priority of late has been to get us off 41.  Now that that has happened, I'd like to talk about the timing for which floor remodeling comes next (39, 42, etc) and the ramifications for my group. 
  Gary -- The biggest problem that I have experienced with emergency employee contact information during Tropical Storm Allison & during recent system outages is that all our contact lists are stored in an intranet environment.  When systems or the Internet are down, we can't get to the contact info.  I am now resorting to keeping a copy of customer contact info stored on a diskette.  Are there any plans to store a copy of this info on a non-Enron ISP that could be accessed from our Home ISP if the Enron intranet or servers are down? 
 With heightened security concern in the building this morning, I wanted to report two items:  1. When I parked in the Allen Center Garage this morning, level 7 yellow section (at the top of the stairs from the Enron building, just under the covered area), I noticed a large brown/copper truck.  I park my blue explorer in this same spot every day and I have never seen this truck before.  It's probably nothing, just wanted to report it.  2. When I reached my desk this morning I wanted to call in this concern.  I pulled up the corporate security number listed on the website 713-435-2804.  The woman that answered the phone was rude and said that the number wasn't corporate security, but rather building security -- she laughed and didn't seem remotely interested in my concern.  Perhaps, I misunderstood the website posting about who to call with security concerns.  But, if I did, perhaps other employees will as well.... 
 Please save these files to a diskette for me, make a copy (so I can store o= ne at home) & label the files Customer E-Mail Contact Info. 
  Please store this info for me 
 Mike - I have Stan's staff meeting at 8. 
 Here is my recollection of the sequence of events. The concept of an operationally available capacity report and what it contains are already in GISB standards.  FERC then picked up on this concept, added design capacity & said that the report needs to be updated at each nomination cycle in Orders 587-L and in Order 637 transactional reporting.  GISB has since adopted standardized data formats for the transactional reporting, recently published in GISB version 1.5 standards.  While these standard formats have been adopted, and I believe that we are following these formats, they haven't yet been adopted by FERC -- so other pipelines may or may not yet be following.  I'll try to look at the NGPL posting over the weekend and compare to ours.  Also - I'm sending your email to Theresa Hess to confirm my recall of the standardization. 
 Sure -- Let me first make a run at the business needs and then prior to the= general notice email, I'll take care of charitable requests.  Good idea. =20 
  Here are my edits to the FAQ document.  Sorry but I don't understand the pool allocation response.    My notes indicate that we also need to answer the questions - where storage allocation notices appear - why storage allocation notices come out at a later time.  Fixes already put in place In the follow-up letter we categorize the feedback.  Can't we go one step further and say that we have already addressed some items:  - Make customers aware that they can call HotTap Helpdesk for calls - Raise awareness of need to minimize mrongin meetings - Haven't we taken a step to notify EDI customers about system downtime - We have taken the step of immediately notifying customers of system outages - Aren't we adding an injection/withdrawal indicators - Can't we immediately change the confusing descriptors "storage analysis completed" vs "storage allocations completed"  {See my suggestion in FAQ} 
  I'm fine with the filing 
 Not that I can think of 
 yes - let it rip 
  I agree. Elizabeth is making these changes. 
 I heard.  I'm just pulling intop garage and will call back in a minute -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 FYI 
 Yes, I'm taking off tomorrow.  Wish you could too.  I'm planning on taking Chad to the Zoo. 
 Hi,  Sorry I didn't get back to you yesterday.  Chad had soccer practice last night & I have something I must do tonight.  I'm taking the day off tomorrow.  Would there be a good time to visit tomorrow?  When is Tom home from school - so he and Chad could play.  Or, if you'd rather, I'd be happy to sit with Kathleen or the kids anytime this weekend.  Two other items when you get a chance: -Are you still selling Nutcraker tickets?  I can't recall the date. -Are you still interested in me selling Shopping Cards at Enron.  I need to reserve dates/table space in lobby.  Hope all is well.  Talk to you soon.  Shelley 
 Hi Cyndi,  Chad does not have soccer practice tonight so we are free to meet for dinner pretty much anytime.  I know you are trying to tie up loose ends at the office and I could stand to work a little late tonight.   How does 7 PM at Cafe Express sound?  Kim, can you pick up Chad and meet me there?  Gaby says she may take Chad to Lucas later this afternoon.  Please pay Gaby if you see her -- as I have given her the day off tomorrow. 
 Per Jan's recent Commission meeting summary I just noticed the Commission had added a discussion item on OFOs.  They didn't get to this at yesterday's meeting, but will take up on Oct. 11.  Help Joe -- what is this about?  Is there some possibility of the FERC curbing our ability to use OFOs?  This is an absolutely critical tool for us to keep -- even though we seldom use.  Where/when can we make our case. RE: G-33. DOCKET# GX01-1 000 Discussion of Gas Pipeline Operational Flow Orders 
 Could you please send some insight into the Gas Pipeline Operational flow i= tem? 
 Suzanne,  Next time you talk to Liz Gras would you pass along my phone number and email.  I am anxious to correspond with her and see where she is in the process and her thoughts about travel plans.  I know that the adoption agency wants to group the Taraz families together for court dates/travel.  One of the other Houston families (Swangos) has made progress on their dossier and turned in their INS approval.  The other (the Westbrooks) haven't yet applied for passports or begun their dossier.  I want to be very supportive and accomodate all the families -- after all the goal line is home for all these children.  At the same time, I need to form realistic concepts of likely timeframes for our family.  I think talking to Liz will be helpful on this front.  Thanks for all your help.  After you make the homestudy changes noted below you will resend to Gwyn?  Then she'll send to me to send to INS?  Probably sometime next week?  I'm planning to take a vacation day tomorrow -- and the type A person that I am, I'm just afraid that I'll miss some important action that I should be taking.  You can reach me on my cell at 713-857-2103 if you need to reach me tomorrow. 
 Thanks for the update. 
  This order is even better.  It says that courts have founds that any refussal to allow a correction must be proportionate with the mistake.  http://cips.ferc.fed.us/Q/CIPS/GAS/TM/TM996-29.00C.TXT 
 Is the system running ok this morning? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 http://cips.ferc.fed.us/Q/CIPS/GAS/TM/TM996-29.00E.TXT 
  A couple of thoughts on the SoCalGas Complaint  1.  Perhaps you will want to emphasize this as being a computer system programming mistake -- not a billing mistake.  The point would be to distinquish that its not like someone sat down to bill SoCalGas, read the Global Settlement and agreed with SoCalGas' interpretation of how to bill this.  The point would be to show that we made a mistake in putting the computer programming in-place to handle this.  2. I don't think the GISB 6-mo limitation went into effect until 4/97 -- so arguably it doesn't address this issue.  Nevertheless, I agree with the mistake language.  The GISB transcript excerpts that I clipped for Dari & Chris Sebesta for the IES dispute would be germaine (i.e. GISB didn't intend to bar mistakes ).  3. There is a FERC case that you might want to also cite for the concept of the equity of correcting past mistakes.  Transco discovered an error in their fuel calculation that was many years old.  FERC let them re-bill customers for something like $13 million dollars of undercharges.  I think this is a 2000 case. 
 Catherine,  Your mom gave me your email address and said that she mentioned that I would be emailing you.  This summer, my husband, Kim Erb, and I hosted a 4-year old girl named Alina from an orphanage in Taraz.  She came to us as part of Kidsave International's summer miracle program.  She returned with her group back to the orphanage at the end of August.  We miss her terribly.  We have been working anxiously to complete our dossier and our INS approvals to be able to bring Alina back to our family permanently.  Obviously world events have us very anxious about the adoption.  We are just as resolved to bring Alina home and I'd leave tomorrow if I had all the approvals.  My hope was lifted by hearing that you were able to travel home to Kazakstan last week.  We are working with an adoption agency called Across the World Adoptions.  Their Kazakstan agents are Sergei Pikalov and Larisa Reznikova.   Alina's orphanage in Taraz is called Ulan & this was the first time they ever participated in a summer program to send kids to the US.  There isn't any way for me to call or mail Alina now that she is back in the orphanage.  I am so fortunate that I am able to correspond via email with Sergei's wife (Larissa -- different Larissa) who was here this summer as a host with the kids.  Larissa and Sergei live in Almaty.  Larissa is a medical student.  She is rapidly improving her English through her visit and our continued correspondence.  Yesterday I was so touched that Larissa sent me a photograph of Alina.  Sergei was in Taraz last week and saw dear Alina & she is well.  Sorry for the long-winded background.  I hope you won't mind corresponding with me and offering me some travel advice.  In His Name,  Shelley Corman scorman@enron.com (work) cormanerb@cs.com (home) 
 Thanks for her address 
 This is the message I'm getting when I try to access the FERC website. Shelley Corman Enron 713-853-7083 Internal Server Error The server encountered an internal error or misconfiguration and was unable to complete your request. Please contact the server administrator, nancyh@gmu.edu and inform them of the time the error occurred, and anything you might have done that may have caused the error. More information about this error may be available in the server error log.  Apache/1.3.19 Server at www.gmu.edu Port 80 
 http://www.capitolconnection.gmu.edu/ 
 Oops my mistake.  I've lost track of my dates & was thinking that Winefest was several weeks off.  Its next week! 
 Meet you downstairs at 5:50 -- that way we'll hit the HOV at "2" person time. 
  Can I get on the list to get a copy of the Socal billing issue complaint draft ? 
 Would you be my guest? 
 I have rates and capacity utilization info ready.  I'll call you whan I get to the office. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Yes I will attend & I will bring a guest 
 Ricki - Jean has been terrific in handling half a dozen emergencies this summer and the move logistics.  I would like to give her a gift from the gas logisitics team.  Should we send her flowers or do you have any other ideas? 
 I'm flexible on the departure time 
 Letter looks good.  Just a few thoughts:  - In addition to the categories of feedback and promise to work on these areas, should we provide a list of specific things that we have done? - Should we attach the first round of FAQ that matches questions from the meeting?  Instead of referring to the ETS directors - lets put Lynn, Steve and your phone numbers in the letter? 
   Here are my additional suggestions 
 Toby,  Could you please take a look at the format of the outage postings.  Maybe I'm going at this the wrong way, but when I try to pull up a specific outage posting, I always get a whole set of outage postings.  For example when I try to pull up the chaim of postings related to the NNG MOPs 831 outage, I can't just pull up the specific posting, I also get other outages.  Why can't each outage posting be its own document? 
  Toby,  Can you please provide me with a complete set of all the postings & extentions related to the outage to remove the MOPS 831 platform (starting around Aug 24 and continued several times). 
 Andy - I may join by phone, depending on logistics this afternoon.  I'll let you know. 
   Jackie,  Here is the Children's Church newsletter article:  Children's Church Update  A children's worship service is held each Sunday (except for Communion Sundays) during the 11:00 worship service.   Children attend the first part of the regular worship service in the Sanctuary and then proceed to children's church after the children's sermon.  Please tend to your child's personal needs before worship, so our children's church leaders can focus on teaching.  The mission of children's church is to help prepare children (ages 3 years through 3rd grade) to participate in worship.  This Fall the children are learning that our "church backpack" is filled with things that help us worship -- our bibles, hymns, offering, and prayer.  Ask your child about how to make a prayer sandwich!   Thanks Shelley 713-853-7083  P.S.  Please send me your daughter's email when you have a chance. 
 Thanks looks good.  I guess I just have a chip on my shoulder these days about being relegated to the world of details! 
  FYI  While I have been periodically giving updates on the above max rate capacity release activity, I was surprised by the magnitude of the PG&E value above max. rates. For the 12 months ended 9/30/01 we had net cash payments to PG&E.  (approx $18 mil revenues to Cal.  + $5.6 revenue on San Juan - $28 million in above max rate capacity release activity = ($4.4) million 
 I will be thinking of you -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 These both track with the last drafts that I saw and commented on. 
  When it comes to commitments involving website postings, scheduling or balancing, could I please ask that my group be copied on settlements and proposals.  It is not my intent to meddle in your good efforts -- just to make sure that I understand what is involved in complying.  In the case of the Transwestern setttlement offer -- my only comment/concern is that I would hope we could coordinate our posting formats with the GISB rules -- otherwise we will have conflicting requirements & have the expense of having different posting formats for our different pipes. "Transwestern will work in good faith to simplify the exising posting formats on its electronic bulletin board, consistent with the GISB formats for informational postings. "  Is there an SLA settlement/proposal that I can get a copy of? 
  Here is what I started working on yesterday -- it isn't very far along. 
 Ricki -- I think it's working. 
 Sarah,  Attached is TW revenue detail by contract for the years 1997-2000.   At the bottom of the schedule, I've made a simplistic cut between short-term/long-term based on the expiration date.  For example, for calendar year 1997: Short-term  = Firm contracts with contract expiration date before 12/31/98  + all IT & PNR revenues Long-term = Firm contracts with expiration dates in 1999 and beyond.   Same logic for years, 1998, 1999, 2000.  Call me at x37083 if you have questions. 
  FYI 
 Please send to all ETS Gas Logistics   In the never ending world of changes at Enron, upper management has determined that we will not be using the PEP system for feedback this year.   I apologize that this decision was made after you put time into selecting reviewers and completing reviews.   I have not received word on whether ETS year-end feedback will occur in any alternate form.  As a result of this development, the feedback training session for this afternoon is cancelled. 
  Joceyln,  I've had a change in my schedule today and I won't drop off the check in person.  I deposited the Enron check in my bank account this am on my way to work (to make sure I get the cash before any bankruptcy filing) and will have a personal check couriered over to your office.  Unless you instruct otherwise, I will make the check out to Salomon Smith Barney and put the caption FBO Shelley Corman in the Memo line of check.  Let me know if an account number should appear on the check.  Thanks 
    Joceyln,  I've had a change in my schedule today and I won't drop off the check in person.  I deposited the Enron check in my bank account this am on my way to work (to make sure I get the cash before any bankruptcy filing) and will have a personal check couriered over to your office.  Unless you instruct otherwise, I will make the check out to Salomon Smith Barney and put the caption FBO Shelley Corman in the Memo line of check.  Let me know if an account number should appear on the check.  Thanks 
  Liz could you please confirm your address (especially the zip) for the fedex package.  16816 Mouse Trap Dr Round Rock, TX 78686 
  Hi Ginger & Chris,  Hope you are doing well.  Just wanted to check in and make sure that you received the notarized copies of my INS approval.  When I spoke with Ginger a few days ago, she said that she thought we would travel 10 days or so after the Almaty group, probably in late November.  After I get off the phone I always think of  questions I should have asked.  Since my questions are not critical, but process in nature, I thought I'd drop an email. I am unclear about the steps that need to happen between now and travel.  How long does translation take?  What happens after that?  When is the dossier sent to Kazakstan?  Typically, how much notice are people given of their Kazak court date?  I would also like to get your views on the likelihood of the process slipping such that our travel would fall over the Christmas holiday -- as that would present some childcare concerns for me back in Houston.  Sorry for so many questions.  I know that you are both very busy and I know that patience is definitely in order with this process.  I am just so very new to this international adoption process and want to make certain that I am realistic about the steps involved.  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 
  Can you please check whether the 401K withdrawal was received on your end.  It looks like it left my account.  Also can you tell whether the check in from Bank One cleared?  It doesn't look like its in the account either. 
 Rod,  Do you know how to get in touch with Paul Cherry or Dan Fancler over the weekend? I have most of the gas logistics related items prepared for TW for the bankruptcy lawyers -- including contract lists and receivables.  I need to have someone run a payables list.  I can be reach via blackberry or on cell 713-857-2103 
  Thanks for your information and words of reassurance.  Here is my email address:  work shelley.corman@enron.com  home cormanerb@cs.com 
  FYI - This is what the supply breakdown looks like for FPL without ENA in the equation 
  Just got off the phone with Jennie and I know you already talked to her.  My direct flight tomorrow cleared so I plan on taking it.  I will pray really hard that you can join me on the 20th & then we can spend some of our waiting time together. 
  It's been a few days now since ENA dropped their gas supply from ENA from 250M down to approx 75-85M and FPL has settled into a pattern of how it is replacing the ENA gas and still keeping its nominations at 800M.  Here is a quick snapshot of where FPL is sourcing there gas from:  ENA					85 Exxon					35 SNG					48 Destin				92 Western Gas 			30 Dynegy				40 Oneok					25 BP Amoco				153 El Paso				96 Aquila				20 Duke					26 Coral					20 Cinergy				20 Sempra				25 Bridgeline				15 National Energy			15  Delivered Gas: FGU					15 Reliant				31 Energy Authority			7 NUI					30 Total FPL Supply			828 Less: FPL Energy Services		21 Total FPL Deliveries		807  (774 Firm + 33) 
  Good morning all.  Attached is the info that Esther helped me pull together for Rod last Wednesday. Rod told me over the weekend that he needs commodity volumes for these contracts for the years 1997-2000.  Help?  Can someone pull this together quickly for me? 
  Revised presentation for the meeting this afternoon 
 Gary,  Except for this week, it is my understanding that it will be okay for us to use 42C1 if the meeting includes solely gas logistics staff that had security access to gas control. 
 FYI 
 Please verify that this is taken care of and that I do not need to have someone in my group work on this.  Thanks. 
  Need to talk to you about this 
  I'm forwarding this so you know what is going on when there is a $181.17 deduct from my 12/31 paycheck. 
 FYI 
 Corp Security did a quick audit today of the Gas Control Center on EB42 and made several recommendations of some steps we should take prior to some of the expected workforce changes next week.  1) Tighten control of access to the Gas Control facilities - They recommended reducing access to a single door and posting a guard for the next week or so. - They recommended reviewing the card access lists for the secure doors and reducing to critical staff only.  We have arranged for a guard beginning Monday morning. Access to Gas Control will be through the South hallway and door only. Exit, except for emergencies, will be limited to the South door as well. The guard will be checking everyones card prior to entry.  We have reviewed the card access lists for all secure doors and removed everyone except Gas Logistics and IT support staff. We have disabled access into Gas Control on all doors except the	South door.  We have cancelled all scheduled meetings and presentations scheduled for the Gas Control Presentation Center (EB42C1).  2) Isolate the Gas Control Network environment - disconnect our network from the Corporate backbone  We DO NOT intend to Isolate Gas Control until events dictate that we should. We are taking steps to be prepared to isolate, while minimizing the impact to the Gas Control SCADA system, the TMS system, and PGAS.  On Monday we will also configure the Hangar to support temporary operation of the Gas Control and other Gas Logistics business functions. Two conference rooms and the break room will be configured with phones, network connections, and workstations. They will be configured to support up to 60 staff. The minimum staffing requirements for the Hangar to support the Gas Control and Gas Logistics functions,as currently defined, is 35 staff. The Hangar will be left configured for approximately two weeks, depending on events. 
  Here is the presentation for the 2:30 meeting today 
  Please add John Baily to my contact list 
 The offers to help you keep rolling in. 
 Please add to my contact list 
 Please add 
 Please print (incl attachment) and keep for reference 
     1.  NNG and ENA are entirely separate entities and our businesses are run entirely separate from one another.  2.  Customers may think that they can net ENA invoices against NNG invoices.  NNG is a separate business and is not responsible for ENA invoices to their customers.  3.  Should suppliers cut volumes for ENA; NNG will cut the market accordingly.  4.  Creditworthiness status for ENA remains the responsibility of the Commercial Department. We are to maintain our normal course of business until instructed otherwise. 
  Schedulers talking points on the separation of NNG/ENA     1.  NNG and ENA are entirely separate entities and our businesses are run entirely separate from one another.  2.  Customers may think that they can net ENA invoices against NNG invoices.  NNG is a separate business and is not responsible for ENA invoices to their customers.  3.  Should suppliers cut volumes for ENA; NNG will cut the market accordingly.  4.  Creditworthiness status for ENA remains the responsibility of the Commercial Department. We are to maintain our normal course of business until instructed otherwise. 
  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  FYI - I made my staff burn the midnight oil last night putting together TW/NNG revenue summaries for review by the bankers that Rod/Kevin are working with.  Thought you might me interested in the report.  It gives a nice snapshot of our activity with our major counterparties. 
  The Phase VI upgrade wasn't on the list of projects that Gary submitted, but not to worry as you will see on the attached it is and always has been part of my overall Gas Logistics capital budget. 
 Please add to contacts 
  Diane,  Cindy replied back to ask you to take my contribution out of the payroll system.  And, that I should then call UW to bill me directly.  Please call me if you have any questions.  Shelley Corman x37083 
  Okay, I've already had questions about statements in this memo.  My understanding of this is as follows:  In the event of bankruptcy, employees are guaranteed to be paid for work already completed up to an amount of $4650 (If the company were to file next week, this amount should be small since payday was today).  In addition, employees are paid for hours worked after bankruptcy at their normal salary or an amount the judge determines and such payments are not capped at $4650. 
  FYI - Thought you might be interested in Gary Smith's response to these questions 
 I keep getting these notes.  Help! 
 Jean -- I keep getting these messages.  I just got another batch of 6 similar reminders 
  First worksheet show summary gross transportation revenue by counterparty for the 12 months ended 9/30/01. Total transport revenue is $180.6 million.  Other worksheets show detail by contract and contract expiration dates.  This information has been furnished to Kevin Howard.  The only open question is how this data can be reconciled to financials.  I spoke with Tracy this morning and she reflects gross operating revenues for TW for this period of $200 M.  The difference is primarily fuel sales (which are not currently included in my numbers). 
   Our team holiday potluck luncheon is scheduled for Tuesday, December 11 at 11:30 AM.    So dust off those cookbooks and sign up to bring a culinary creation.  The sign-up sheet is located outside Ricki's workstation (4268A).   The buffet will be set up in 42C1 (the gas control presentation room).  Room 42C2 is also reserved for seating.  Following our luncheon, we will have a Gas Logistics staff meeting at 1 PM in 39C1.  We can discuss any Enron updates and I will do my best to address any questions and concerns that you have.  At the end of our staff meeting, we'll hold our holiday raffle drawing.   We have lots of fun prizes, including many sets of sports tickets.  All Gas Logistics employee names will be entered.  You need not be present to win.  Finally, I want to fill you in on my upcoming journey.  My husband and I have been trying to adopt a young girl from Kazakhstan into our family.  The paperwork and red tape have seemed unending and I was having doubts whether it would ever happen.  Early this week I received the call that I need to travel to Kazakhstan next week to pick her up.  While I am excited to complete the adoption, I'm not terribly thrilled with the timing of being gone over the holidays and away from work at this time.  At our staff meeting, I can address any questions you have about whom to call in my absence.  I'm looking forward to our get together next week.  To the extent that you aren't able to make the luncheon, let me take this opportunity to wish you and your family a happy, safe and relaxing holiday season. 
 Please come by to sign the certificates. 
 Hope your holiday was a fantastic one.  My dossier info was not picked up from the embassy last week, so now I'm another week behing in the process.  But, the delay does perhaps give me a chance to take care of my sinus problem.  I've still been feeling cruddy and want to have a specialist look at the sinus polyp.  Can you recommend an ENT?  Looking forward to seeing you soon. 
  Hi Becky,  I'm thinking of you.  Cynthia Corcoran called today to see if I knew anyone interested in doing regulatory work.  I thought of you right away and Cynthia was enthusiastic, but didn't want to violate your privacy by giving out your email address.  She can be reached at 713-533-9180 or I can give her your contact info if you prefer.  Shelley 
  Today Chris called to tell me that Liz Gras will not be traveling with me and that I should leave on Dec 15 instead of Dec 13 (Tomorrow).   This is all a shock. I will have to travel by myself.  I have never traveled internationally before and I am a bit scared -- as I'm sure that you were this past summer when you visited.  I know everyone in Kazakhstan will be nice, but I am not looking forward to customs.   I am very excited to see you though.  Depending on how long that I will have to be in Kazakhstan, I may try to come home after court and have Alina escorted to Moscow.  Kim (or Kim & I) may travel to Moscow to pick her up after the New Years holiday.  I will be sad if I have to leave her behind for a few more days.  But I might have to accept this arrangement if my work calls me back to Houston.  So many times my schedule changes that it is difficult at work.  I know that you experienced similar difficulties with you flight plans this summer.  I will bring pictures of your visit this summer.  I will also bring warm clothes!  I received an email from a new family that hopes to adopt Zhuldiz.  I am so happy to hear that she has a family. 
 Hi Sherene,  Mom forwarded a note that you were looking for Chad suggestions.  He is into anything about rocks, Harry Potter, or of course his all time favorite -- baseball.  I'm leaving for Kazakhstan tomorrow, so I didn't have time to ask for gift lists for your guys.  Chad helped me pick out some items -- that I hope they'll like.  Believe me, you will see the Chad influence when you open the items.   A box is on its way to you.  Have a blessed holiday.  Love Shelley 
  I'm planning on heading out the office around 3 PM or so.  Feel free to send home staff as business needs permit.  I'm not planning on sending out any kind of notice to all Gas Logistics -- as I feel like it is frustrating to those that must stay.  Have a safe and happy holiday.   I'll be in Austin tomorrow & Friday, so call me on my cell (713-857-2103) or email me if you need me.  In case of emergency, I can be reached at my brother-in-law's house in Austin at 512-474-5631. 
  Jackie,  I got the call to travel to Kazakhstan for the adoption and will be leaving next Thursday, Dec. 13.  I will be in Kazakhstan over Christmas and hope to touch base with your daughter to see about the possibility of locating a Christmas eve worship.  I think I've misplaced her email address.  If you wouldn't mind, would you forward it to me again.  Thanks and have a blessed holiday.  Shelley 
  John,  Per Stan Horton's voicemail, attached is letter from you as the pipeline segment board chair to the GISB office indicating the pipeline segment's desire to fill Stan's seat for the December 5 Board Meeting. 
   Rick - please add contract listings & proof/have letters put on letterhead for my signature.  Thanks 
  Please add to my calendar 
  A couple of thoughts  -  Per travelocity Lufthansa does fly between Houston-Frankfurt-Alma Ata & then Moscow-Frankfurt-IAH.  We'd only have to take Transaero one way from Alma ata to Moscow.  - If we fly through Moscow on way to Kaz, keep in mind that the airport we fly into Moscow will be a totally different airport than the airport we fly from Moscow to Kaz (the regional airport).  I have heard that the regional airport is not a very safe or American friendly place.  - I want to me flexible on travel.  But, I'd really, really rather not fly on Aeroflot. 
  Liz - Right after I had Kim run over with the revised form and put it in the overnight, Chris called me to say that the application will probably need the "sworn and subscribed" language before the notary stamp.  Do you have a typewriter that you could type this in above the notary stamp?  Or perhaps feed it through your computer printer?  I sent three signed and notarized copies -- so you have a few extras to play with.    Here is the missing language   STATE OF TEXAS COUNTY OF HARRIS  Sworn and subscribed before me on this 26th day of November, 2001.    My conversation with Chris was quite different than my conversation with Ginger.  While she said that it would be more convenient if we set a date like Jan 5 to travel to be able to buy the tickets in advance and hopefully get better fares.  She also acted like it is not out of the question that travel around Dec 17 might be possible if one didn't mind being away at Christmas.  On my voice mail she left a message that my dossier had been received in Astana.  When I called her back she said that this was a mistake -- that what she meant was that it had been picked up at the embassy and was expected in Astana on Thurs or Fri.   You can call me at home tonight if you want to talk. 
  Kim,  My nonstop direct from Houston cleared for tomorrow (4:40 PM).  The only catch is that I have to go to the airport this afternoon to change my tickets.  My return back from Moscow on the 30th also cleared.   I am still waitlisted for a return flight from Almaty on the 23rd. 
  Stan is having a 1/2 day staff meeting next Wed.  Dec 12 until lunchtime.   Accordingly, I need to reschedule my staff meeting. Please let me know about your availability to meet from 1-3 PM on Dec. 12 in my office. 
  I haven't received my dossier. 
 When I asked you to adjust the Gas Logistic's PAA's to $100, I forgot to ask you to do the same on the separate PAA for gift checks for EOTT pipeline control.  Please give me a call if you need any supplemental paperwork from me.  Happy Holidays 
   Fran,  I need to straighten out a few personal payroll matters before I leave town on Thursday.  I was able to revise my bank deposit instructions on ERonline (my wallet was stolen over the weekend and I had to change bank accounts).  I was also able to adjust my EFCU deductions.  I am unable to complete the following changes online and I'm hoping that you can help me work these issues: - Stop PAC contributions - Stop Savings Bond automatic purchases - Stop 2002 United Way deduct.  I had selected to make one time contribution in Feb (around bonus time).  My plans are to stop the automatic deduct and have the United Way bill me directly instead.  Thanks in advance for your help. 
 Attached is a copy of Theresa's mid-yr review 
 Sorry I missed your call last night.  I had a good cry and went to bed early.  As you noted in your voice message, I am planning to travel by myself on Saturday, Dec 15.  It is the only time I can get a confirmed flight (albeit a more cumbersome route and more expensive).  Here is the other part of my plans.  I feel fairly sure that I will return to the US immediately after my court date, unless the stay requirements are very, very short.  I can fathom the courage to travel by myself, but not to hang around 2 weeks by myself.  Also, all these constant changes have put a serious strain on what is already a very tedious work situation for me.  I am still planning to have Connie move forward with getting Kim a letter of invitation /VISAs -- including a Russian VISA that is good until Mid-January.  That way Kim can return for Alina after the first of the year if necessary.  Please ask Sergei to look into possible arrangements.  I would be happy to pay for Sergei and Larisa to have a holiday in Moscow if they were willing to fly with Alina there.  Perhaps she could stay at the orphanage or with a host family and have an orphanage worker take her to Almaty.  I am totally terrified about traveling by myself  -- but this isn't a fear that will ease with time.  I feel like I just have to dive in or I am going to change my mind.  I need some reassurance on what happens at the airport.  Will the assistance service help me at customs?  Will Sergei pick me up and where will I find him?  Do I have hotel accomodations (if so preferrably at the Hyatt)?  Obviously I am also handling a mountain of guilt about leaving without Liz.  I wrote her a note about my current thoughts on travel and why I am leaning towards leaving on Sat.  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 
 Alma/Lisa,  I need to know what the ramifications are of canceling/postponing tomorrow's party.  What will lose?  What have we not paid back? 
 Here is a sample of articles 
  If you don't know about the NNG quality posting that's probably a good sign that it hasn't been posted yet.  I'm hoping to have a conversation with Mary Kay tomorrow before its posted. Thanks.  Get back to your kid stuff now! 
  Bob,  FYI.  The statements about Transco not honoring EOL contracts doesn't make sense to me.  I don't understand if they are saying that they are cutting supply or not honoring transportation nominations. 
 Kevin,  Please call ASAP.  While I have been working through the theory on how to make this happen, but I don't know the details on which pipelines and which accounts. 
 I would like an updated copy of the schedule you brought me with adescription from the reps about why the customer is saying that they haven't paid.  Especially Peoples.  On first glance it looks like many of the items relate to capacity release or Peoples. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Jennie,  When you get in tomorrow, could you please check whether the direct flight on the 15th cleared.  If not, please advise which flight path I'm currently cleared on.  I don't want to lose the return home through Moscow on the 31st (waitlisted also for 29th or 30th); but I may also need to return immediately after my court date from Almaty on Dec 23 (in such case my husband would fly back to Moscow to pick up our daughter after the 1st of the year).   I would like to make such a reservation is possible.  I think you can probably let all the other waitlisted items go for me.  Please call me when you get a chance.  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 
 I'll have someone pull the volumes in the morning if its not too late.  Sorry but my messages didn't come across my blackberry when I was in Austin Fri & Sat. 
 Here is 1997-2000 TW Transportation Revenue by Contract, Sorted by Contract Expiration Date.  To get a breakdown of long-term/short-term, for each year I would include contracts that expire within the next year & IT as short term, with the remainder as LT.  For example, for 1997, I'd say that the revenues from contracts that expire on or before 12/31/98 + IT make up the short term revenues. 
 Perhaps this can help with the non-Red Rock piece.  This spreadsheet takes current rates and multiples out against MDQ for 2002.   It also show billing units through 2005.  I have reconciled this schedule with Jan Moore and Lindy Donoho 
 Thanks.  If you could have Richard add the volumes in as columns into this schedule format that would be great.  Rod needs this ASAP.  Are you available to come by for a few minutes before staff meeting?  I need to talk to you about a new round of due diligence and a conference call this afternoon. 
 Thanks for your note!  I guess you're living proof that one can successfully make it through the twists and turns of international adoption. 
 Kevin/Rod - One line item on the TW counterparty revenue summary probably requires explanation.  The report shows a net $4.2 million payment to PG&E for transportation.  This is because PG&E released capacity at rates in excess of the maximum rate due TW -- thus PG&E was due a credit.  This was not a liability to TW, as the other side of this capacity release is embedded in the revenues paid to TW by other counterparties. 
 Thanks.  Don't know how that happened.  I'll call you when I get downstairs tomorrow am. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Publish away! 
 Rick Dietz and I are both in the office.  Please give Rick a call to coordinate putting our OBA payable info together with your payable information 
 Both Kim's parents & my mom will be at the house on Christmas eve/Christmas day -- so I think they'll eat their Christmas meal at our house.  I'm sure that Kim, Chad, Mom and Nevin would appreciate a Christmas evening dessert invite.  You can coordinate when you see them for Mexican food on Sat. night.  Have fun at the violin concert. 
 I know that we are all under a lot of stress and I probably shouldn't send this note, but I just have to get this off my chest.  Have I done something to undermine your faith in me?  - When I worked on due diligence matters, you asked me why was I working on due diligence - When I prepared the demand letters you asked me why I was sending the demand letters - And, today, despite the fact that we oversee the  day to day transactions, there is no mention of my group in the customer letter.  I wish someone would just fire me if I'm incompetent, because I live in a hell worse than being fired -- at least I'd have time for my family. 
 Thanks for your leadership on this issue.  The commercial staff has been very concerned about the lack of daily data and I haven't made much headway with the GMS folks.  I'm glad you are involved!  I will be traveling out of the country next week.  Others from my staff will attend and I'll catch up when I return.  Happy Holidays Shelley -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I don't understand why the schedule show no variance for Gas Logistics.  My workpapers indicate that we should be down by $300K or so 
 yes 
 Sorry but I don't know the status. 
 That must be frustrating.  I've asked HR to address this problem. 
 Chad's Wishlist includes: -Harry Potter Trading Cards -Harry Potter - Snapes Potion Kit -NERF Ultragrip football -Video/DVD of "Cats and Dogs" 
 I'm in my office now 
 Great! 
 Is this cash coming into TW? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Rick - Stan has announced that there is a hiring freeze in effect.  We will not be permitted to fill this position without making a special appeal to Stan.  Couple this with the fact that I need to present to Danny/Stan a proposal on how we can trim our 2002 O&M and I'm not inclined to make such a pick.   Lets talk about how we can redeploy our current resources to cover....I especially want to talk about how we pick use the accounting coordinators in an expanded role. 
 Yes, please assure Galen of his need to recuperate.  Will you send him a fruit basket from the group.  How are you coming at getting Debbie Thompson or Blair or Larry Berger lined up? 
  I would like these individuals to have a training with Teb Lokey today or tomorrow.    Teb is aware of my desire in this regard and is awaiting your call to set up the time. 
 Thanks Gary.  This is an excellent plan. 
 My thought is that the Enron contract is probably going away anyhow so that it makes sense to set this up for Jan 1.  I think the charges should be recorded to the balancing tools account. 
 Either Galen or Jim Studebaker.  I'll check with Sheila. 
 Your prayers and concerns are much appreciated! 
 You are welcome.  What a neat idea - electronic thank you cards. 
   Kevin,  Per my phonemail message, attached is a summary of Oct 2000-Sept 2001 Transwestern transportation & storage revenues by counterparty.  Shelley Corman  x37083 
 Oh my perhaps I've given you the wrong idea about the sophistication of Chad's rock collection.  It consists of rocks he has picked up at the park and a few gems he bought at a museum.  He would love anything about rocks. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  Thank you for your thoughts.  I am fine.   Our pipeline companies were not included in the bankruptcy petition and we are continuing operations normally.  While these have certainly been stressful times and a sad day for the many Enron employees that lost their jobs today, we have not had any workforce reductions in our area.  It's a little lonely in the building and I have to make sure to put my lipstick on before I go down to the lobby to face all the TV cameras camped out down there! 
 Ditto back at you.  Sounds like things have been crazy at Halliburton this week. 
 I know you were being nice and I am sorry.  I really can't put into words how it feels to get out of bed in the morning right now.  It takes me 1/2 hour to get myself together.  I shouldn't have been so mean to you.  I know you were being nice.  I know this isn't a reasonable request, but these aren't reasonable times -- I just need some space when I'm getting ready in the morning.  The heat and the fact that I couldn't have coffee this morning just put me over the edge.  My physical was ok.  Listen to this, because they are a preventive medicine shop he can't prescribe antibiotics.  So then, I couldn't get my travel vaccines, until I find out whether I have a sinus infection and need to be on antibiotics.  Am I just dreaming these last few months or is this really my life? 
 Looks good -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  Please add Lou Moore to my contact list 
 Thanks for the information.  Do you happen to have an email address for Elza? 
 Thank you for your kind note.  Frankly with all the challenges our leadership team has faced this year, I don't have the slightest qualm that you and the other directors will  handle anything that comes our way. 
 I had Kim run down to my office to sign the revised letter and so I can fedex tonight.  I am so bummed about Jan. travel date and not having Alina for Christmas. Is this for sure? Was she speaking just about me or was she saying Jan 1 for you too?   Why Jan 1?  If there holidays are Dec 30-Jan 1, then why shouldn't we set out to travel around then, so we could have our court date the first days after their holidays?  Sorry for all the venting! 
 Almost 100% certain that its just me.  I'd rather have good flights and spend the money on just me (i.e. we can share hotel costs). 
 Just got home from work ... but that is funny, cause I'm still working -- now at home.  Guess you've probably heard about events at my company.  If you couldn't see the red -- the editorial notes were also in parentheticals  You dickens -- you were only supposed to get Chad 1 item from the list.  Then I pass it on to Tracey, Pat, Arliene etc. 
 Yes can do. 
 I know that the long term solution rests with Charlie Thompson.  But, Caroline, I'm frankly shocked at GMS seeming lack of concern for the seriousness of this situation.  I have serious leadership questions about a group that could continue to receive charts in after the 5th of the month (on ALL 16 charts!) and continue to just file these reports without ever even looking at them or making corrections.  When ask why they never raised the issue or brought it to management's attention, their response is that this is the way we've done things for 20 years.  I'd like to visit with you about the leadership and direction of the GMS group.  No problem with measurement data is ever GMS responsibility -- its always someone elses fault -- the field didn't get the info in in time, the OMV wasn't received, the system doesn't work....What is the level of service that GMS is accountable for.  Please understand that this criticism is not directed to you.  I'd just like a chance to brainstorm with you one on one about how we ever have this group enter the 21st century with the rest of us -- befort Dave Neubauer raises his frustrations to the highest levels of ETS. 
 Will call you at 9 tonight. 
 Shelley Ann Corman 
  Peggy,  Your email notice was timely as I was just thinking about you.  I have wanted to congratulate you on your promotion.  I am so happy for you.  I find it validating, especially at this time at Enron, to know that good things do happen to good people.  Give me a call if you can ever break free for lunch.  I would like to catch up with you on business matters, and more importantly, on international adoptions.  I know that you have already navigated these waters and I am looking forward to travel to Kazakhstan to adopt a little girl.  Best wishes to you and your family for the holidays.  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 (work) 713-857-2103 (cell) 
 Any chance of doing the one penny test with the credit departments of the top couple of customers. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Sorry for the delay.  My wallet and checkbook were stolen on Fr night & I spent all day yesterday getting things in order...after the thief charged $6000 on my credit and debit cards!  Remember that conversation we had about 2001.  I did little research on Compuserve and AOL.  Both have acess numbers in Almaty Kazaknstan -- where I'll be at least 1 week of my journey.  Looks like they both use the same access numbers and both charge a $6 connect fee.  So I don't see the advantage of adding AOL -- unless you see something I don't.  Here's the catch -- neither has service from Moscow.  So I'll be out of lunch in Moscow unless I can find an alternative ISP.  I'm at regional type hotels in Kazakstan.  But, I'm staying at the Grand Marriott in Moscow.  Surely they have some sort of ISP access.  My current ISP is Compuserve.  Mail address:  cormanerb@cs.com <mailto:cormanerb@cs.com>;  User:  cormanerb;  password:  chad4erb.  I currently have version 5.0 loaded -- there is a 6.0 available but I haven't had a chance to download.  My Enron password is also chad4erb.  I'm at the house (281-531-0385)  if you need any other info. 
 Thanks.  You are the best! 
 Do you have a few minutes to meet this morning? 
 No thank you for all you and your teammates do.  I get a bit frustrated when Stan says that "we all need to  re-focused back to work.  I need to remind him that we have never lost our focus, that despite what has been going on, our staff has continued to work 24/7 to maintain our service level to our customers. 
 Please clarify - Is the first name in the list the gift buyer or gift receipient? 
 Please remove my name from you solicitation list 
 Thank you.  These are great! 
  Rae,  Just a heads up -- pending pipeline board rep approval, Stan asked that I prepare the attached letter for John Somerhalder to send to the GISB office if this is appropriate form. 
 I agree that this is the revised capital budget that we should submit. 
 Please call.  I'm confused about the hotel amount.  Alma - we will hand out the prizes in a raffle on the date of our holiday luncheon on Dec. 11. 
  I have heard back from Danny and he wants us to cancel the event.  Get whatever money back you can & see if we can forgo  any other current payments by postponing the event until next year, rather than canceling. 
 Please provide written notice of postponement and tell them to bill us. 
 I'll take care of the programs 
 Okay - now I've lost the file.  I guess I deleted the wrong message.  Can you resend? 
 Donna - lets meet tomorrow AM to translate the bonus/merit info into spreadsheet form 
  UNITED STATES OF AMERICA FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION  Texas Gas Transmission Corporation   				Docket No. RP01-278-002  NOTICE OF COMPLIANCE FILING  (October 22, 2001)  Take notice that on October 17, 2001, Texas Gas Transmission Corporation (Texas Gas) tendered for filing as part of its FERC Gas Tariff, First Revised Volume No. 1, the  following tariff sheets to become effective October 1, 2001:  Primary Third Revised Sheet No. 181 Third Revised Sheet No. 182 Third Revised Sheet No. 183 Sheet No. 184 (reserved) Second Revised Sheet No. 185  Alternate Alternate Third Revised Sheet No. 181 Alternate Third Revised Sheet No. 182 Alternate Third Revised Sheet No. 183  Texas Gas states that this filing is being submitted in compliance with the Commission's Order issued on September 19, 2001 in the above-referenced docket.  As directed, the tariff sheets removed  the daily  high/low index price for cash-out.  In response, Texas Gas proposes to establish a cash-out price based on a weekly high/low index price determined from the weeks within the applicable month, plus the first week of the following month.  The primary and alternate sheets require in-kind make-up  of imbalances up to 2% and use the same index price  for  imbalances  above 5%. However,  the primary sheets also propose to eliminate cash-out for all imbalances up to  5%  by also requiring a mandatory in-kind make-up level from 2% to 5% and by eliminating any use of the 100% price index for this tier of imbalance.  Texas Gas states that copies of  the revised  tariff sheets are being mailed to Texas  Gas's  jurisdictional customers and interested state commissions.  Any person desiring to protest said filing should file a protest with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, 888 First Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20426, in accordance with Section 385.211 of the Commission's Rules and Regulations.  All such protests must be filed in accordance with Section 154.210 of the Commission's Regulations.  Protests will be considered by the Commission in determining the appropriate action to be taken, but will not serve to make protestants parties to the proceedings.  Copies of this filing are on file with the Commission and are available for public inspection. This filing may also be viewed on the web at http://www.ferc.gov using the "RIMS" link, select "Docket#" and follow the instructions  (call 202-208-2222 for assistance).  Comments, protests and interventions may be filed electronically via the Internet in lieu of paper.  See, 18 CFR 385.2001(a)(1)(iii) and the instructions on the Commission's web site under the "e-Filing" link.     David P. Boergers Secretary 
 Don't worry -- whenever you get here is fine with me 
 Please send it to both of us.  Given Gary's presentation on bonus timing I plan to turn in my recomendations today.  Can I meet with you at 4:oo?  I am meetin with my direct reports at 1 to work on recommendations. So I need your spreadsheets ASAP -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Thanks see you at 4 -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  We found no cross-default provisions in the material contracts.   Moreover, FERC standards of conduct required pipelines to keep contracts, books and records separate from other Enron entities. 
 Caroline - I think you captured the right projects, but please look at the bottom line on total reductions.  You show $3 Million in savings.  I think that the schedule should reflect over $6 million of reductions from the original cap. budget.  In my mind there is still a question on whether the meter bounce and PNR projects should be included. 
 It is late in the day 
 Thanks.  Yes, I forgot to mention how sad I was to learn about Cuba. 
 What a crazy day.  I'm in the waiting room of the ENT now.  I will make meatloaf for dinner when I get home. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Sounds fine 
 I thought that you would enjoy reading this article about Chad's school.  My editorial notes are added in red.  Keeping watching www.houstonisd.org/bushes for when they post pictures of the event.  AWESOME VISIT On Friday, October 19, President George H. W. Bush and Barbara Bush visited our school. The Bushes had pledged to match the donation that our students made to the children of Afghanistan. Right in front of the entire student body, President Bush whipped out his checkbook and wrote a personal check for $1, 147.00! The children were very impressed! The day was fabulous, the weather could not have been better, and our children were stellar! The program took place on the stage in the interior courtyard of the school. Because the weather permitted us to use this area, every student was able to take part in the program and enjoy the excitement! As the President and Mrs. Bush entered the stage, the children waved paper dollars in the air to greet them. The program opened with the singing of the school song. Carmen Sullivan gave a history of the Pledge of Allegiance to the flag and Kelly Iko (this is our Kelly from Sunday School -- whom I'm sure will be the first minority President of the United States)  led the group in the Pledge. The students sang God Bless America and waved individual flags. Not an eye was dry! It was awesome. Maggie Strange, Julius Liu, Danny Siso and Brandi Shallenberger told the group about the effort the Bush students had put forth to collect money for the Afghan children. Doris Reese, Joan Zhang (this is a sweet little girl from Chad's class) , and Andrew Nelson wheeled in a red wagon with the students' contribution! The program closed with more flag waving and the singing of It's a Small World. 
 Thanks.  I went to see Dr.  Shelley Leeds Rickets this am.She is a Baylor grad and is very nice.  Glad you weren't in an accident today.  Have a good trip. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 travel 
 This sounds fine.  Please have my phone forwarded to Ava and provide her with my contact information. 
 I don't this we give our customers lockbox instructions any longer.  Invoices cite wire instructions and physical address.  Raetta please confirm. 
 address is customer@e-worldphone.com  My order number id 12/9/0175186.45  New userid: cormanerb password: chad2214 
 Thanks for your kind words. 
 Made it to Almaty. Thanks for all your help.  It is hard to access my enron mail from my hotel.  If you need to get in touch with me, please email me at cormanerb@cs.com <mailto:cormanerb@cs.com>  Shelley 
 Alma - can you copy me on the RSVP list for the Thursday party. 
 Liz - I noticed that Luftansa has flights back on Dec 27 from Moscow.   Using the same itinerary that we discussed before -- but for Dec 11 returning Dec 27 listed fare is $2830.40. 
  We will continue to schedule transactions with ENA and other Enron affiliates in a business as normal fashion.  If ENA's supply is cut, then deliveries will be adjusted, just as we normally do.  Bob Superty, Dir of ENA Gas Logistics has asked to be notified of any ENA supply cuts.  I'm not talking about nits and nats that are part of the normal confirmation process, rather, I'm talking about if a confirming party refuses to confirm a block of ENA gas.     We are notifying Bob as a courtesy and nothing about this added notice should hold up routine business processes.  You can leave Bob a voice message at x 3-0957 or call me and I'll call Bob.  In any event, I also would like to be briefed about any significant cuts in ENA or other Enron affiliate supply. 
  I'll be on the call for the first 1/2 hour.  Theresa will be on for the who= le call.  We can re-group to talk about comments after the call. 
 FYI 
  Chris,  I never heard back from you after I sent the fax yesterday.  I am anxious about correctly signing and notarizing the INS forms and would like to discuss when you have a minute.  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 
   Gina,  Did you ever prepare a set of talking points on the separateness of the pipelines from Enron. 
  I know you are swamped with other matters, so I jotted down in memo form my travel plans.  I guess it's Murphy's Law that I got the phone call that I need to travel now in the midst of current work events. 
  Catherine,  I have received the call and will be traveling to Kazakhstan next week to complete the adoption.  My husband and son are staying back.  I arrive in Almaty on the 14th late in the evening.   I'll spend the day of the 15th in Almaty and then take the overnight train to Taraz.  I expect to have a court date in Taraz on the 19th or 20th.  Then I will be back in Almaty, probably over Christmas.  Finally, I expect to travel to Moscow on around Dec 27 and then return to Houston around Dec 30.  This of course is the plan if everything goes exactly on schedule -- which it probably won't.  I will certainly miss being away from home at Christmas and am hoping to find a Christmas worship service in Almaty.   I'd appreciate any advice in this regard.  I would also appreciate advice on what time of clothes are appropriate to bring.  Thanks Shelley Corman  shelley.corman@enron.com  and  cormanerb@cs.com 
 Here is data format.  This is for time period 10/1/00-9/30/01.  Now I'm looking for calendar years 1997, 1998, 199 & 2000 
 Hi Cindy,  I know this is a trivial question in the greater magnitude of things....so just drop me an email when you get a chance.  For my 2002 UW contribution, I asked to have a lumpsum payroll deduction in Feb.  (unsual bonus time).  Now, I want to have UW just bill me instead.  I can't seem to get back into the system to change this.   ????   Shelley x37083 
 this is working from shelley's office, i will send you a note from my desk....  thanks for everything!!!!!!! ricki 
   Looks like FPL is getting back-up gas supplies to keep their nominations up.  See attached for updated gas day 12/4/01 through ID1. 
 Ava,  Could you please generate an envelope to Across the World Adoptions.  Thanks 
 When I called Ginger's house today to see if she received my INS approval, one of her children answered and said that she is at Chris' house -- so I guess that means Chris has returned.  If your process estimates are in line, our documents would have to be translated by next week to hit a travel at the end of November date.  I am very concerned that we will slip to Christmas time travel.  While I'm not trying to have you do my dirty work, I feel like you have a little better standing to fuss at Ginger or Chris this week about some commitments of when paperwork will be turned in.  After all, your paperwork has been turned in for some time & you have specific health concerns for Oksana.  Since I just turned in my INS approval (even though the rest of my dossier has been in for several weeks), I feel like I don't have much standing to complain about timing. 
 Jennie - This looks okay if I wait for my husband or Liz to go on the 20th -- although I think the return would need to be extended a  day or so.  Could you also see about if I am traveling alone and wanted to change my ticket to leave Sat.  I was searching the Internet and it looks like the Lufthansa flight is still available on Sat.  I need to make some quick decisions about what I'm doing tomorrow. 
 See you at noon. 
 Jennie,  I made it home last night, but have been unsuccessful in resolving Kim & Alina's travel arrangements.  I have only been able to get the answering machine at your office this morning.  I need to get Kim & Alina on flights home on Wed. Jan 9.  My current thinking is that it may be better to take a refund on the Lufthansa return tickets (since the Moscow Lufthansa office doesn't want to reissue) and to instead prepay tickets home for them on a flight path that only requires one change ?  Please advise  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 scorman@enron.com 
 Terrific.  I called to let Kim know.  They will be leaving in just a few hours.  One last item.  Can you make them a reservation on this flight.  Kim will purchase the tickets at the Dallas Airport.  Flight: 	 Continental Airlines flight 1662 on a McDonnell Douglas MD80 Jet - non-stop Depart: 	 Dallas/Ft Worth, TX (DFW) - Wed, Jan 09 at 4:40pm Arrive: 	 Houston, TX Bush (IAH) - Wed, Jan 09 at 5:45pm 
 I sent it to her -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Hi.  I'm here -- just barely though -- my sinus infection is back.  Can we get together in my office (the less elevator riding the better) sometime between 11-1?  I'm planning to be out of office tomorrow. 
 See you then 4262 
  Thanks for your message.  I returned home on Monday, but Kim and Alina are in the air right now and will arrive home tonight.  Please let me know about your availability for an appoint  Thurs. Jan 10 (PM) Fri Jan 11 Mon Jan 14 (PM) Tues, Jan 15 or Wed, Jan 16.  Thanks  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 shelley.corman@enron.com 
  Here is my draft written review.  Take a look at it and we'll sit down when you have a chance.  Keep up the great work.  I know things have been really stressful for you lately.  It was terrific to have you to rely on when I was away (and when I'm here too!) 
 Here is my written review.  Let me know when you want to sit down and talk. 
 Tonya,  Haven't heard from you in awhile and I am assuming that you were probably just burnt out over the flurry of summer activity.  All of my paperwork (including INS approval) is turned into Ginger and I am now just anxiously awaiting the opportunity to travel to Kazakhstan.  Ginger and crew are so busy that I imagine that things won't happen very fast.  Not try to bother you if you had enough of this Kidsave stuff -- but on the other hand --- you worked hard to bring the kids here this summer and I just wanted to let you in on the fruits of your efforts.  Shelley 
 Donna,  Here is the draft written performance review that I prepared while I was traveling.  I would be happy to sit down and discuss with you in person at your convenience. 
 Does Fri at 10 work for you?  I may be in tomorrow too after I make sure Alina won't freak out with the babysitter.  Next week sounds fine for vacation.  I wasn't able to use the global phone in Kazakhstan. But a friend recently rented one and used in Europe.  The neat thing is that you use you're reg cell number.  Playdate sounds great  Talk to you tomorrow. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Yes please explain that 8 need Dr signature so she can start preschool Tues.  Besides Fri and Mon afternoons I don't have any other planned time off -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I'll be in this afternoon and will give you a call -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  Great -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Donna,  Attached is the written comments that I prepared while I was traveling.  I can't remember if I already sent this to you or not ...please forgive me if I already sent this to you (sinus congestion is not conducive to sound thinking).  Let me know when you want to sit down and talk. 
 Brad,  Attached are the written comments that I prepared while I was traveling.  Let me know when you would like to sit down and talk both about 2001 and directions for 2002. 
 I'm fine with giving him these charts and also the job description write ups from the website. 
 Barbara,  Received your message.  I can't promise that I will attend, as things are pretty much ad hoc at my household at this time while I try to establish some new routines.  I'll try.  See you Sunday. 
 Here is the other article=20  How Enron Blew It Less than a year ago, the Houston-based energy behemoth had everything: mon= ey, power, glitz, smarts, new ideas, and a CEO who wanted to make it the mo= st important company in the world. Now its stock is down, wall street is be= arish, and the CEO is gone. What went wrong? by Mimi Swartz </mag/issues/authors/mimiswartz.php> THE ENRON SKYSCRAPER NEAR THE SOUTH END OF HOUSTON'S DOWNTOWN feels like th= e international headquarters of the best and the brightest. The lobby in no= way resembles the hushed, understated entryways of the old-fashioned oil c= ompanies, like Shell and Texaco nearby. Enron, in contrast, throbs with mod= ernity. The people hustling in and out of the elevators are black, white, b= rown; Asian, Middle Eastern, European, African, as well as American-born. T= hey are young, mostly under 35, and dressed in the aggressively casual unif= orm of the tech industry-the guys wear khakis, polo shirts, and Banana Repu= blic button-downs. Almost preposterously fit, they move through the buildin= g intently, like winners. Enron is nothing if not energetic: A Big Brother-= size TV screen frantically reports on the stock market near a bank of eleva= tors, while another hefty black television relaying the same news greets pe= ople entering from the garage. A sculpture of the corporate symbol, an E ti= pped at a jaunty angle, radiates colors as it spins frenetically on its axi= s; a Starbucks concession on the ground floor keeps everyone properly caffe= inated. Multicolored, inspirational flags hang from the ceiling, congratula= ting Enron on its diversity and its values; one more giant banner between e= levator banks declares Enron's simple if grandiose goal: "From the World's = Leading Energy Company to . . . The World's Leading Company!" For a while, that future seemed guaranteed, as Enron transformed itself fro= m a stodgy, troubled pipeline company in 1985 to a trading colossus in 2000= . It was a Wall Street darling, with a stock price that increased 1,700 per= cent in that sixteen-year period, with revenues that increased from $40 bil= lion to $100 billion. "The very mention of the company in energy circles th= roughout the world creates reactions ranging from paralyzing fear to envy,"= notes a 2001 report from Global Change Associates, a firm that provides ma= rket intelligence to the energy business. This Enron was largely the creation of Jeff Skilling, a visionary determine= d to transform American business. Hired sixteen years ago as a consultant b= y then-CEO Ken Lay, Skilling helped build a company that disdained the old = formula of finding energy in the ground, hauling it in pipelines, and then = selling it to refineries and other customers. Instead, it evolved into a co= mpany that could trade and market energy in all its forms, from natural gas= to electricity, from wind to water. If you had a risky drilling venture, E= nron would fund it for a piece of the action. If you wanted your megacorpor= ation's energy needs analyzed and streamlined, Enron could do the job. If y= ou were a Third World country with a pitiful infrastructure and burgeoning = power needs, Enron was there to build and build. Basically, if an idea was = new and potentially-and fantastically-lucrative, Enron wanted the first cra= ck. And with each success, Enron became ever more certain of its destiny. T= he company would be the bridge between the old economy and the high-tech wo= rld, and in February of this year, Skilling reaped his reward when he succe= eded Lay as chief executive officer. Enron, says Skilling, "was a great mar= riage of the risk-taking mentality of the oil patch with the risk-taking me= ntality of the financial markets." The Enron story reflects the culture that drove American business at the en= d of the twentieth century. Like the high-tech companies it emulated, Enron= was going to reinvent the American business model and, in turn, the Americ= an economy. Maybe it was natural that this Brave New World also produced a = culture that was based on absolutes: not just the old versus the new, but t= he best versus the mediocre, the risk takers versus the complacent-those wh= o could see the future versus those who could not. The key was investing in= the right kind of intellectual capital. With the best and the brightest, a= company couldn't possibly go wrong. Or could it? Today Enron's stock trades at around $35, down from a high of = $80 in January. The press cast Enron as the archvillain of California's ene= rgy crisis last spring, and Skilling caught a blueberry pie in the face for= his relentless defense of the free market. A long-troubled power plant pro= ject in India threatened the company's global ambitions. Telecommunications= , in which Enron was heavily invested, imploded. Wall Street analysts who o= nce touted the company questioned its accounting practices. Some of the cha= nge in Enron's fortunes can be attributed to the economic downturn in uncer= tain times that has afflicted all of American business. But the culture tha= t the company created and lived by cannot escape blame. ENRON, JEFF SKILLING SAYS, HAD "a totally different way of thinking about b= usiness-we got it." At Enron, in fact, you either "got it" or you were gone= -it was as simple as black and white. It is not coincidental, then, that th= e color scheme of Skilling's River Oaks mansion mirrors the corporation he = once headed. Here, the living room's white walls shimmer against the mahoga= ny floors. Black leather trims the edge of snowy carpets. Billowy sofas set= off the jet-black baby grand. In the entry, white orchids cascade from a b= lack vase on a black pedestal table that in turn pools onto cold, white mar= ble. There is only one off-color note: After almost twenty years, Jeff Skil= ling is no longer associated with Enron, having resigned abruptly after jus= t six months as CEO. Once, Skilling was hailed as the next Jack Welch (Gene= ral Electric's masterful CEO), as one of Worth magazine's best CEO's in Ame= rica (anointed in 2001), and even as a daredevil who hosted the kind of unc= hained adventure junkets in which, a friend told BusinessWeek, "someone cou= ld actually get killed." Today, he sounds more like Ebenezer Scrooge on Chr= istmas morning. "I had no idea what I'd let go of," Skilling says of all th= e personal sacrifices he made while retooling Enron.=20 From a black chair in the white library, across from a huge black and white= photograph of his daughter and two sons, Skilling clarifies. The demands o= f working 24-7 for Enron caused him to ignore his personal finances. Divorc= ed, he lived in a 2,200-square-foot house without a microwave or a dishwash= er. He almost missed his brother's wedding. "Learning a foreign language-I = never learned a foreign language!" he exclaims. He never once took his youn= gest son to school. "I'm interested in the kids. You don't do kids in fifte= en-minute scheduling." Travel: "You can't go to Africa for a week and get a= nything out of it!" Skilling includes the study of architecture and design = on his list of missed opportunities, then he stops and sighs. "I'm not sure= that fulfillment in life is compatible with a CEO's job," he says, finally= . Then his eyes lock on mine, and his voice, which had softened, regains it= s pragmatic edge. "It would have been easy to stay," he says. "But that wou= ld not have been good for me."=20 He's a smallish, ruddy-faced man who keeps himself at fighting weight, hand= some in the way of corporate titans, with piercing cheekbones and that assi= duously stolid gaze. But the impatience Skilling once reserved for cautious= underlings and dull-witted utility company executives is now targeted at r= eporters who have labeled his resignation "bizarre" and associates who are = bitterly skeptical of his need for family time. His shrug stretches the lim= its of his shimmering blue button-down, and his matching blue eyes look put= upon. "I'm surprised," he says, "that people have so much trouble understa= nding this." PEOPLE WHO PASSED THROUGH DOWNTOWN HOUSTON in the late eighties or early ni= neties couldn't help but notice a funny and, for its time, novel scene unfo= lding throughout the workday at the base of the Enron Building. From nine t= o five and before and after, you could see people slipping out of the prist= ine silver skyscraper to smoke. They perched on the chrome banisters or lur= ked near the glass doors at the entry, puffing like mad. They always looked= hurried and furtive, even ashamed. Whatever people knew about Enron in tho= se days (and most people didn't know much), it was often associated with th= at scene: Enron boasted one of the first nonsmoking corporate headquarters = in Houston, and there couldn't have been clearer evidence of its break with= the energy world of the past. What macho engineer would have put up with s= uch humiliation? But this company was a child of another time, that period in the mid-eighti= es when chaos enveloped the gas business. Federal deregulation of natural g= as turned a steady, secure industry, in which gas pipeline companies freque= ntly enjoyed a monopoly in portions of the areas that they served, into a v= olatile free-for-all. The situation was compounded five years later by fede= ral deregulation of the pipeline business. So it happened that a gentlemanl= y gas pipeline company, Houston Natural Gas (HNG) found itself under attack= from Coastal Corporation, Oscar Wyatt's less than gentlemanly firm. HNG wa= s then run by Lay, a sturdy, taciturn former economics professor and Transc= o chief operating officer who had a passion for military strategy. (His doc= toral thesis at the University of Houston was on supply and demand in the V= ietnam War.) Lay, who was from Missouri and never succumbed-at least outwar= dly-to Texas brashness, had done well enough: Thanks to canny expansions, H= NG's pipelines stretched from Florida to California and throughout the stat= e of Texas. HNG fended off Coastal, but to protect the company from other takeover atte= mpts, Lay nimbly engineered the sale of HNG in 1985 to a friendly Nebraska = pipeline concern called InterNorth, one of the largest pipeline companies i= n the country at the time. Then, a funny thing happened: HNG started acting= in a way that would characterize the company for years to come-a lot like = Coastal. What the Nebraskans blithely labeled "the purchase" was being call= ed "the merger" back in Houston, and before long, following some particular= ly brutal politicking between Omaha and Houston, the company's center of gr= avity started shifting toward Texas, and shortly after that, Ken Lay was ru= nning a new company called Enron. "Over time it became clear that Lay had a= better vision of the future," says one person associated with Enron at tha= t time. "He never fought change. He embraced change." Lay had won, but what exactly did that mean? Enron was saddled with massive= debt from the takeover attempt, and thanks to deregulation, no longer had = exclusive use of its pipelines. Without new ideas-for that matter, a whole = new business plan-the company could be finished before it really even got s= tarted.=20 LIKE MANY PEOPLE WHO TEAMED UP WITH ENRON IN THE EIGHTIES, Jeff Skilling ha= d spent a lot of time in the Midwest, and he was self-made-at fourteen he h= ad been the chief production director at a start-up TV station in Aurora, I= llinois. (His mother would drop him off there every day after school.) "I l= iked being successful when I was working, and I was smart," he told Busines= sWeek earlier this year. But unlike many of his Enron colleagues, Skilling = wasn't deliberate and soft-spoken and happy to go home at five o'clock; he = was anxious and excitable, and nothing, but nothing excited him more than w= hat he would come to call "intellectual capital." He loved being smart, and= he loved being surrounded by smart people. He graduated from Southern Meth= odist University, went into banking-assets and liability management-and too= k on Harvard Business School, where he graduated in the top 5 percent of hi= s class. Then Skilling took the next step on what was then the new, souped-= up path to American success: He joined Manhattan's McKinsey and Company as = a business consultant, and that is where Ken Lay found him in 1985.=20 It is often said of Lay that his instincts for hiring the best are flawless= , and his choice of Skilling probably saved the company. Skilling was above= all an expert at markets and how they worked. While everyone else was worr= ying about the gluts and the shortages that defined the gas industry, he al= one saw the parallels between gas and other businesses. And so in a world w= here credit was nearly impossible to come by, Skilling came up with what he= called the Gas Bank, which contractually guaranteed both the supply and th= e price of gas to a network of suppliers and consumers. Enron would not be = a broker but a banker. It would buy and sell the gas itself and assume the = risk involved. And Enron would make money on transactions, much like an inv= estment bank would. Skilling worked up some numbers and found them "absolutely compelling." The= n the McKinsey consultant took the idea to a meeting of about 25 Enron exec= utives. He had a one-page presentation. "Almost to a person," Skilling says= , "they thought it was stupid." Almost. After Skilling left the meeting dej= ected, he walked Ken Lay to an elevator and apologized. Lay listened and th= en said, "Let's go." The Gas Bank was not an overnight success. For months Skilling woke up in a= cold sweat, sure he had ruined not only his career but the careers of doze= ns of colleagues who had assisted him. In fact, he had come upon one of tho= se divides that seem to define his life: "I believed this whole world would= be different, a huge breakthrough" is the way Skilling puts it today, and = even if he is typically immodest, he was right. Fairly soon after launching= , the company sold $800 million worth of gas in a week. True to Skilling's = character, success turned out to be a matter of old versus new: He says the= joke around Enron was that if a company's CEO was under fifty, "We were in= ." And he was in too: In 1990 Skilling finally left McKinsey and joined Enr= on as the head of Enron Finance Corporation, a new division created just fo= r him. In 1991 that company closed a deal that earned $11 million in profit= . After that, says Skilling, "we never looked back." Skilling and Lay also realized that the Gas Bank couldn't work unless it ha= d a trading component. Myriad trades were needed to build the market that w= ould make the project go. But by buying and selling enormous quantities of = gas, Enron not only constructed a market but almost instantly came to domin= ate it. The company had the best contacts, the best intelligence, and the b= est access to supplies. That, in turn, attracted more customers who wanted = to be part of the play. With so many customers in its pocket, Enron could b= etter predict the direction of the market and could use that knowledge to m= ake trades for its own benefit-Enron could in effect bet on which way the p= rice of gas would go, as one might do with pork bellies or soybeans, but wi= th startling accuracy, thereby generating profits higher than anyone could = have ever imagined. THIS CHANGE COULD NEVER HAVE OCCURRED without another change Skilling had m= ade: He created, within Enron, a new culture to match its new trading busin= ess. The idea was to build a "knowledge-based business," which demanded a s= kill set not exactly prized by Enron's employees from the old HNG days. Mos= t were deliberate, cautious, responsible, somewhat defensive people, most o= f them men, of course-the kind of people you'd expect to find working in an= industry regulated by the federal government. But now the company needed b= older people for its bold new era: that included anyone who wanted to make = money-lots of money-for themselves and for the company. "Enron was going to= create a niche for itself or die," one former executive explains. "The peo= ple who had narrow views eventually were forced out, because if they had na= rrow views about other things, they had narrow views about the market." Skilling wanted smart people but not just any smart people. He wanted the s= martest people from schools like Harvard, Stanford, and maybe, Rice. And be= cause his firm was now acting more like a bank than a pipeline company, he = wanted to draw from the pool of recruits that would be attracted to the big= gest and best investment banks, like Merrill Lynch or Credit Suisse First B= oston. In addition to being smart, Enron people were also supposed to be "a= ggressive." You were right for Enron if you didn't want to wait until you w= ere thirty to close your own deals or move up in an organization.=20 You could see what he was looking for on "Super Saturdays" at the Houston h= eadquarters: eight fifty-minute interviews with ten minute breaks in betwee= n-the company might herd as many as four hundred people through in just one= day. They were scored from 1 to 5 on their smarts, their problem-solving a= bility, their passion for hard work, and what at Enron was called "a sense = of urgency." People who scored less than 2.5 were scratched. The shrewdest = candidates knew how to work Enron before they were even hired: These were t= he types that automatically turned down the company's first offer, knowing = Enron would come back with more. The starting salary was around $80,000. Ma= ybe it wasn't a fortune-yet-but the signing bonus, about $20,000, was more = than enough for a lease on the obligatory Porsche Boxster or one of the lof= ts being renovated close to downtown. (Enron people didn't live in far-flun= g suburbs. Suburbs were uncool and too far from the office.) For the lucky winners, Enron offered the corporate equivalent of a gifted-a= nd-talented program. New associates learned the latest techniques for struc= turing energy deals, and there were rotations at Enron offices around the g= lobe. The hours were long, but every possible need was taken care of. A com= pany concierge handled all the things important people couldn't be bothered= with: picking up dry cleaning or prescriptions, shining shoes, cleaning th= e house, planning a vacation. Of course, a lot of people who worked for Enr= on never got to take vacations-they were too busy making money-but they cou= ld use the company gym and the company's personal trainers. If they were ov= erweight or wanted to quit smoking, they could join Enron's Wellness Progra= m. Massages were offered six days a week, from seven in the morning until t= en at night. "They were so cutting edge," rhapsodizes someone involved with= the company health care program at the time. "They really thought about th= e psychology and what it took to keep these people going." Skilling handed out titles analogous to those at Wall Street firms-analysts= , associates, directors, and managing directors-but everyone knew that thos= e titles didn't really matter. Money did. Instead of competitive salaries a= nd decent bonuses, Enron offered competitive salaries and merit-based bonus= es-with no cap. "If you really worked hard and delivered results, you could= make a lot of money," says Ken Rice, who stayed with Enron for 21 years un= til resigning recently as the head of the company's faltering broadband div= ision. Or, as the saying goes, you got to eat what you killed. Gas traders = with two or three years of experience could wind up with a $1 million bonus= . And the more you produced, the closer you got to Jeff: Real hot dogs join= ed him glacier hiking in Patagonia, Land Cruiser racing in Australia, or of= f-road motorcycling in a re-creation of the Baja 1,000 race, ending at a sp= ectacular Mexican villa. "Every time he'd speak, I'd believe everything he'= d say," one loyalist says.=20 And why not? By 1995 Enron had become North America's largest natural-gas m= erchant, controlling 20 percent of the market. But at a company where the b= uzzword was "aggressive," that was no place to stop: Skilling and Lay belie= ved the Gas Bank model could easily be applied to the electricity business.= Firmly committed to the notion that a deregulated market meant better serv= ice at lower prices for consumers (and untold profits for Enron), they bega= n barnstorming the country, pressing their case with entrenched power compa= ny presidents (who, with their multimillion-dollar salaries and monopoly se= rvice areas, had little incentive to change) and energy regulators (who wer= e somewhat more receptive, thanks in part to Enron's generous lobbying effo= rts). But the biggest winner of all was probably Jeff Skilling. In 1997 Ken Lay m= ade him the president and chief operating officer of the company. By then, = the division known as Enron Capital and Trade Resources was the nations lar= gest wholesale buyer and seller of natural gas and electricity. The divisio= n had grown from two hundred to two thousand employees, and revenues from $= 2 billion to $7 billion. "Mr. Skilling's experience so far with the turmoil= in the industry has convinced him that he is on the right track," the New = York Times noted. Everyone would certainly have thought so: Enron and Skill= ing had totally transformed one industry and were well on their way to tran= sforming another. "FIRING UP AN IDEA MACHINE; Enron Is Encouraging the Entrepreneurs Within,"= sang the New York Times in 1999. "In the staid world of regulated utilitie= s and energy companies, Enron Corp is that gate-crashing Elvis," crowed For= tune in 2000. Wall Street was demanding tech-size growth on a tech timetabl= e, and Enron, in 2000, obliged with second quarter earnings of $289 million= , up 30 percent from the previous year. That year the company seemed to dis= cover a market a minute: Under Skilling, Enron was trading coal, paper, ste= el, and even weather. No one blinked when a London wine bar became an Enron= client. People drank more in warm weather than cold, so why not buy a hedg= e against the usual winter downturn? But most exciting to the financial world was Enron's entry into high-tech c= ommunications. Because of the company's marketing dominance, EnronOnline be= came another overnight success, handling $335 billion in commodity trades o= nline in 2000. Enron, as usual, made its money on the spread between the bi= d price and the asking price. Then there was the broadband business: To Enr= on, trading excess capacity in large, high-speed fiber-optic networks (empt= y lanes on the fabled information highway) wasn't that different from tradi= ng the capacity of natural gas pipelines. So Enron created a market for wha= t the industry calls bandwidth. Soon after, it also announced a twenty-year= deal with Blockbuster to deliver movies on demand electronically to people= in their homes. Enron looked like a company that couldn't lose. "Its strat= egy of building businesses, shedding hard assets, and trading various commo= dities can help it do well even in an uncertain market," BusinessWeek insis= ted. There was, however, another reason Enron did so well in such a short time: = the company's hard-nosed approach toward its customers. The old notion of c= ustomer service was based on the long haul-you had to nurse and coddle cust= omers to keep them. But Enron had new markets and new ideas-customers had t= o come to it. Over time, the company stopping referring to its business cli= ents as customers and began calling them "counterparties." Skilling wanted the biggest profits on the shortest timetable: Gains were m= aximized by creating, owning, and then abandoning a market before it became= overtaxed and overregulated. So if you wanted to launch a high-risk ventur= e quickly-such as Zilkha Energy's new high-tech approach to drilling for oi= l-you got your financing from Enron because a bank would take forever to un= derwrite the project, if it ever would. But because Enron invented its mark= ets and subsequently dominated them, Enron could set the terms of its deals= , from the timeline to the method of accounting to whether the deal happene= d at all.=20 While many businesses used what was known in the industry as "mark-to-marke= t accounting," for instance, Enron used it on an unprecedented scale. The c= ompany priced their deals at current market value-but it was always Enron's= idea of the market value; companies that balked at their pricing didn't ge= t deals. And while old-fashioned companies spread their profits out like an= nuities over a period of years, Enron took most of its profit up-front. How= ever many millions would be made on a deal that covered several years, they= went on the books in the current year. If a few analysts thought there mig= ht be something fishy about what they called "subjective accounting," inves= tors didn't particularly care as long as the profits rolled in. As the mark= et fluctuated and the landscape changed, the company might abandon a projec= t that had been in the works for months because its profit margins weren't = going to be high enough. "Enron is known for leaving people at the altar," = says one former employee. Winning the highest possible profits for the comp= any could even extend to Enron's attitude toward charity. When a fundraiser= for the Houston READ Commission, a literacy group, called on Enron for a c= ontribution, it was suggested that he start raising money for Enron's compe= ting literacy charity: "Even the person who was supposed to give money away= for Enron was supposed to make money for Enron," he says. As Enron became more and more successful, the culture Skilling had created = took on a dark side: The competition turned inward. As one member of the En= ron family put it, "It became a company full of mercenaries." The change st= arted at the bottom. As Enron's domination of the energy market grew, most = of the recruiting frills fell away. New associates were treated much like t= he commodities the company traded. Global Change's Enron spies reported ove= rhearing orders like "I need a smart person-go buy me one" or "Buy me an in= telligent slave, quick." Enron had never been the kind of place where peopl= e sang to you on your birthday, but now the workaholism bordered on self-pa= rody: A Random Acts of Kindness program lasted only a few months. It was to= o disruptive. People couldn't get their work done. And, of course, Enron had a program for institutionalizing creative tension= . The Performance Review Committee, which had initially been installed by S= killing in the Capital group, became known as the harshest forced ranking s= ystem in the country. Employees were rated on a scale of one to five, and t= hose with fives were usually gone within six months. (The PRC's nickname qu= ickly became "rank and yank.") It was a point of pride that Skilling's divi= sion replaced 15 percent of its workforce every year. As one Skilling assoc= iate put it, "Jeff viewed this like turning over the inventory in a grocery= store." Skilling's approach to business-get in and get out-had become Enro= n's attitude toward its workers. In time, it would become many workers' att= itude toward the company. Teamwork, never that valuable in a trading cultur= e, went the way of the eyeshade and the abacus. If protocol required an Enr= on higher-up to come from Europe to help with a project in the Third World,= he might help-or he might not, depending on whether another, potentially m= ore lucrative project was pending elsewhere. Everyone felt the pressure to perform on a massive scale at massive speed: = "They were so goal oriented toward immediate gratification that they lost s= ight of the future," says one former employee. Anyone who couldn't close de= als within a quarter was punished with bad PRC scores, as were the higher-u= ps who had backed them. Past errors and old grudges were dredged up so ofte= n as new ammunition in PRC meetings that the phrase "No old tapes" became a= n Enron clich?. "People went from being geniuses to idiots overnight," says= one former Enron executive. In such a hothouse, paranoia flowered. New contracts contained highly restr= ictive confidentiality agreements about anything pertaining to the company.= E-mail was monitored. A former executive routinely carried two laptops, on= e for the company and one for himself. People may have been rich at Enron, = but they weren't necessarily happy. One recruiter described the culture thi= s way: "They roll you over and slit your throat and watch your eyes while y= ou bleed to death." BEFORE JEFF SKILLING COULD TRANSFORM ENRON from the world's leading energy = company into the world's leading company, he had to make one more change: J= ust as he had done ten years before, Skilling had to purge the company of i= ts remaining old order. Where Enron once prized cautious executives who dea= lt with tangible assets like pipelines, it now valued bold executives who d= ealt with intangible assets. Pipelines, power plants-they may have been Enr= on's pride, but Skilling wanted them gone. Expensive, long-term building pr= ojects had no place when Wall Street was devoted to quick profits and enorm= ous returns on investment capital, and Skilling knew it. "It wasn't the tim= e for long-term approaches," an Enron executive says of Wall Street's mood.= "It was the technology era." To rid Enron of the last vestiges of its past, Skilling had to take on Rebe= cca Mark, long considered his rival for the CEO's job. Mark was for many ye= ars the poster child for the Enron way: Young, attractive, aggressive-her n= ickname was Mark the Shark-she came from sturdy Midwestern stock but had th= e requisite Harvard MBA. Mark was largely responsible for the success of En= ron International, the asset-heavy side of the company where she developed = $20 billion worth of gas and power plants, which accounted for 40 percent o= f Enron's profits in 1998. For this she reaped breathtaking compensation-on= e Enron executive estimated $10 million-and adoring press clips, including = two appearances on Fortune's list of the fifty most powerful women in corpo= rate America. But then Mark ran into trouble with a gas-fired power plant in Dabhol, Indi= a, one of the largest ever constructed. She had played the game the Enron w= ay: Taking Enron into a new market, she had finagled low import taxes (20 p= ercent instead of the usual 53) and hung in through 24 lawsuits and three c= hanges in government. But the time and expense needed to make India and oth= er Enron plants around the globe successful did not mesh with Enron's goals= , and Skilling's impatience with Mark grew. Forcing Mark out, however, was no easy matter. Key executives left, divisio= ns were dismantled, but she remained. The truth was Enron didn't mind firin= g lower-level employees, but it hated to fire the kind of aggressive, relen= tless people it tended to promote. The company preferred humiliation-keepin= g a director in his cubicle, say, but failing to include him in the glamour= deals, or kicking someone upstairs with a fancy title. (One particularly d= ifficult executive won a few years at graduate school, gratis.) A company a= s smart as Enron could probably deduce too that dispatching one of the most= visible businesswomen in the country would provoke a public-relations disa= ster. So Lay and Skilling did something classically Enronian: They gave Mar= k her own company. Despite Skilling's contempt for asset-heavy businesses, = Enron spent more than $2 billion to buy a run-of-the-mill British water uti= lity that could serve as Enron's entry into the emerging world of water pri= vatization. Mark was put in charge of making Enron, yes, the world's greate= st water company. Azurix, as the new business was called, looked like anoth= er sure thing: Its IPO in 1999 raised $695 million.=20 But Mark had to succeed on Enron's increasingly abbreviated timetable in a = business fraught with political and emotional complexities. Water is not li= ke gas or electricity-owners and governments are a lot less willing to give= it up, even for lots of money. The company stumbled, layoffs commenced, an= d confidence evaporated. By August 2000 the stock price, which had started = out at $19, had fallen to $5. Mark's resignation followed, and Azurix, much= diminished, was folded into Enron. "I think it's best for Rebecca to start= afresh," Lay, who had been a mentor to Mark, told the Wall Street Journal.= Or as one critic put it, "They were more interested in destroying the old = culture than running a business."=20 As 2000 drew to a close, Skilling was in total command. In December Ken Lay= announced the inevitable: "The best time for the succession to occur is wh= en the company is doing well," he told the press. "Enron is doing extremely= well now." In February 2001 Jeff Skilling took over the CEO's job. ALMOST IMMEDIATELY THE TROUBLE STARTED. Enron's domination of the electric-= power market made it an instant target in the California deregulation debac= le. Both PBS's Frontline and the New York Times took on Enron, portraying t= he company as a heartless colossus that used its influence in Washington (L= ay and Enron's political action committee are the top contributors to Georg= e W. Bush) to force old people on fixed incomes to choose between buying fo= od or electricity. Skilling and Lay appeared on camera singing belligerent = anthems to the free market, while another memorable scene juxtaposed one of= the company's jackallike traders against a hapless state employee in Calif= ornia, as both tried to buy power online. The Times reported that Lay had t= ried to persuade a new federal commissioner to change his views on energy d= eregulation. The bad press was, to say the least, ironic: Just as the media= was pounding Enron for its omnipotence, Wall Street was discovering its we= aknesses. By late March the stock price had slid to $50 a share from $80 in= January. Within Enron, the asset-based divisions took the rap for the decline. (The = India plant continued to be enormously costly, at least in part because of = constant turnover within Enron's management team.) But the California situa= tion was more visible and therefore more damaging, despite Enron's claim th= at the state had never built enough power plants to service its population = and never properly managed those it had. "For three months Gray Davis did a= very good job of blaming us," says Mark Palmer, a vice president for corpo= rate communications. "We were a Texas company. There was a Texan in the Whi= te House. California was a state that didn't put him in office, and his big= gest contributor was a Texas energy company. Performance is going to take c= are of our stock price. The truth will take care of Gray Davis." (Californi= a utilities still owe Enron $500 million, another reason stockholders might= be panicky.) But more problematic than the crisis itself was Skilling's al= l too apparent lack of contrition. Facing down his critics, he cracked a jo= ke comparing California with the Titanic. ("At least the Titanic went down = with its lights on.") But the biggest problem was Enron's telecommunications division, which had = been responsible for at least one third of its heady stock price. Investors= believed that Enron could revolutionize high-speed communications, just as= it had revolutionized gas and power. Enron estimated the global market for= buying and selling space over fiber-optic cable would grow from $155 billi= on in 2001 to $383 billion by 2004-but then the tech bubble burst. So too d= id the much-hyped movies-on-demand deal with Blockbuster. For the first tim= e in its confoundingly successful life, Enron had nothing new to take to ma= rket. Like the popular high school girl who suddenly packs on a few pounds,= Enron suddenly looked less alluring to Wall Street. Skilling launched a campaign to keep Enron's most important cheerleaders, t= he stock analysts, in the tent, but he wasn't cut out to be a supplicant. D= uring the reporting of first quarter profits, he called an analyst who chal= lenged Enron's financial reporting an "asshole." When the company reported = hefty second quarter profits, many analysts questioned whether those profit= s had come from the generation of new business or from the sale of old asse= ts. Ignoring the growing chorus critical of Enron's accounting, Skilling pr= omised, as he always had, that innovations were just around the corner. "Th= ere wasn't any positive news," Carol Coale, of Prudential Financial, says n= ow. "Basically, he talked me out of a downgrade." The business press, so generous in the past, turned surly. Fortune had aske= d in March whether Enron was overpriced. ("Start with a pretty straightforw= ard question: How exactly does Enron make its money?") The routine cashing = in of stock options that were about to expire by key executives was portray= ed in the media as a fire sale. (Skilling had sold $33 million worth, Ken L= ay and Ken Rice close to four times that amount.) Then the Wall Street Jour= nal reported on a fund run by the CFO that had been a source of strife with= in the company. (It was essentially risk management against Enron's possibl= e failures.) Every negative story seemed to produce a concurrent drop in th= e stock price: By late August it had fallen below $40. Enron, so institutio= nally unforgiving, finally got a taste of its own medicine. "When Wall Stre= et is in love with a stock, they're forgiving of something like accounting,= " says Carol Coale. "When a company falls out of favor, all these issues ca= rry more weight." This fact was not lost on people inside the company, who suddenly started e= xperiencing an attack of conscience. Those who had looked the other way as = the most powerful Enron executives dumped their wives and married their sec= retaries or carried on flagrant interoffice affairs now saw the error of th= eir ways. "It just created an attitude," one executive still at Enron says.= "If senior people are doing that, why are we held to a higher standard? Th= ere was a real culture of 'We're above everyone else.'"=20 Loyalty had never been prized at Enron, so there was no reason to expect it= now. An old-fashioned, slow-moving company like Exxon could demand hardshi= p duty in Baku with the promise of greater rewards down the road. "But," as= one Houston oilman explains, "if you have to negotiate a hardship duty wit= h someone who doesn't have loyalty and has money, then you have a corporati= on that's better suited for good times than bad." As it turned out, that description applied to Jeff Skilling too. As the sto= ck price stubbornly refused to ascend, he made no secret of his unhappiness= and frustration. Then, after a trip to visit the families of three employe= es killed at a plant in England, he had an epiphany: Life was short; for hi= m, Enron was over. Ever stoic, Ken Lay returned to the CEO's office, named = a new president, arranged a trip to New York to calm analysts and investors= , and promised a kinder, gentler Enron in the future. Trading anything and = everything was out. The company, Lay says, will still innovate but "innovat= e much closer to our core." As for the culture: "Things like the Performanc= e Review Committee, I think we could have applied better. By trying to cate= gorize people into so many different categories, you ended up creating a mo= rale problem." That Skilling's supposedly brilliant colleagues were as shocked at the news= of his departure as the rest of the business community may be testament to= their lack of emotional intelligence. Despite Skilling's lengthy tenure wi= th Enron, he'd always been contemptuous of the long haul; he'd always belie= ved in cutting losses and moving on. But now that he was abandoning them wh= en the company was in trouble, it was different. "Even Jeff's biggest detra= ctors wouldn't have wanted him to walk out the door," one loyalist admits. But on the day we meet, Skilling is looking forward, not back. "Look," he s= ays with finality, "ninety percent of my net worth is in Enron. Were my int= erests aligned with the shareholders? Absolutely." Free of falling stock prices and shareholder pressures, he is nestling hims= elf back into the world of ideas. His eyes flash as he talks about new tech= nologies. "The first wave never gets it right," he says. "The stand-alone d= ot-coms didn't work, but the technological applications will create a secon= d wave that will change the world." Houston, he promises, will become the w= orld's center of commodity trading, and he intends to be a part of it. In f= act, he is already shopping for office space. "This is the second wave, and Enron's got it," he says, almost breathless. = "There are thousands of people running around the streets of Houston that g= et it." 
 I'm okay with the information (with cost center numbers excised).  Thanks 
 Here are my thoughts 
 Thanks!  Saturday was great.  Yesterday was not a banner day for me.  I just kept having feelings of remorse and then guilt that I was feeling remorse.  You're probably the only person that can understand how I'm feeling.  Talk to you tonight.  If you and Chad are gone to Karate before we get home -- we'll go to the store and have dinner ready. 
 Hi Nancy  I have Alina at the Dr for her physical this afternoon, but we should be home by 6 PM and be home all evening.  Sorry I missed choir last night .  We are still transitioning and Alina had a fit as we were leaving a friend's house to come to choir.  See you soon Shelley -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Ha Ha - We have no busy schedule.  We are just trying to do exciting things like making it to work each day.  Feb. 9 is fine. Of course you have so kindly showered Alina with gifts that she isn't in need of much. 
 Please touch base with Gina and let her handle this. 
 I guess we'll cancel the direct report meeting since this means that Lynn, Steve & Mike will be absent. 
 Sorry Teb but I have an appointment with the Sinus Dr.  Can we visit in advance of your meeting? 
 Yes - please reschedule for Tues.  Thanks 
 How about 2:30?  I'll come to you if that time is okay. 
 I was afraid she'd think I was being difficult if I mentioned my displeasure at being pushed into the holiday airfare timeframe, not to mention my concerns about missing Chad's Christmas events in December and our nanny holiday issue. My gut tells me that we should tackle this by trying to get some sort of understanding about when translation will be completed and when our papers will be forwarded to Kazakhstan.  Because frankly telling us that we can travel 10 days after the other group means nothing if our paperwork hasn't been turned in sufficient time. 
 Hi.  Thanks for the info. 
 Hi.  Sorry we missed rehearsal Sunday, but we are definitely still "transitioning."  We will be out of town on Sunday morning at a family gathering and will not be in church to sing.  We will be at choir practice Sunday evening.  I'll look for March and April songs for the Cherubs.  The videotape of the Christmas program is cute.  Maybe we can find a time to watch it. 
 My meeting with Rod is next Wed. 
  I'm concerned about the magnitude of the supply imbalance that we've built up again.  Tim - are these numbers verified and up to date.  Can I get a breakdown of the 1.5 Bcf and the 700 MMcf current month portion.   It seems like we just worked down these balances in the fall and now we're building these balances back up again.  If these supply imbalances are building up as a result of Phase V outages perhaps the payback gas use should be separately captured and recorded against the project. 
  Did ETS officially make a bid to the bankruptcy court for abandoned equipment?  Any computers or just flat screens? 
 Sorry I'm so slow in getting back with you on your suggestion.  Nothing moves fast in the world of bankruptcy.  Before I left to go out of the country we had put together a proposal to the bankruptcy court to buy computers -- per Donna's note below the bankruptcy court hasn't acted on it yet.  I'll let you know if I hear of any opportunity for employees to buy computers.  Shelley 
 Ok I'm thru with appointment and am on my way in -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Thanks again for the kind gift of beanie babies for the orphanage children.  Your kindness is memorialized in my journal.  If you are interested, I have in my office pictures of the kids with their beanies. 
 Please send me an email with your travel dates -- as I need to make some appointments and plans and I don't want to book while you are going to be gone.  Thanks 
 Tuesday will be fine 
 I will be about 15 minutes late 
 GISB group has not met yet. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  I would like to offer the gas controllers the first opportunity on the Gas Logistics Aeros tickets ( 4 tickets)  for the month of February.  Available games are:  Sun, Feb. 3 at 5 PM  vs Utah Grizzlies Tue, Feb 5 at 7 PM vs Chicago Wolves Fri, Feb 15 at 7:30 PM vs Utah Grizzlies Wed, Feb 27 at 7 PM vs Chicago Wolves  Please contact Ricki Winters at x35754 if you are interested.  The tickets will be given on a first come, first served basis. 
 Yes I am here actually I'm on a conference call.  I'll email later tonight.  Kim will be out of the country on Feb 9.  I'm hoping I can bring Alina and make a play date for Chad   We are headed to Austin tomorrow.  We'll be back Sun.  Can you meet at T and C on Sun afternoon Chad would like to go to Zainy Brainy and I need to exchange some things at Gymboree -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I forgot to send the address list before we left for Austin.  I'll give it to you tomorrow.  Alina, Chad and I will meet you and Miss B tomorrow at 1:30 at T and C Starbucks.  Then we can go to Zainy Brainy.  How long can you guys shop?  I have some gift certificates for Ann T, Gap and Gymboree.  What is the shower at Patsy's for? When do you have to be there?  Kim has to travel to Indonesia on business Feb 8 to Feb 19.  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I already had Donna prepare a revised budget with people assigned directly to pipes and no cross pipe allocations.  It is rough still -- but looks like we can stay within budget for each pipe. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  Christi - here is the plaintiff malpractice reference from Cyndi.  Rick used to work with Cindy at Full bright and recently formed his own firm.  I know him and he's a great guy.   Rick A. Eckerson Sydow, Kormanik, Carrigan & Eckerson, L.L.P. 1111 Bagby Suite 4650 Houston, Texas 77002 713-654-8100 713-654-9353 (direct) 713-752-2199 (fax) reckerson@skcelaw.com 
  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Sorry I missed your call last week.  Kim misplaced your email address so I'm taking a stab that this is it.  I'd love to talk to you about your upcoming adventure to Kazakhstan.    Do you know where in Kazakhstan you'll be adopting from?  Happy New Year  Shelley 
 Please remind me of who you plan to have stay in the TW/FGT world to cover SCADA? 
 Please pick one up at lunch. 
 Did Ginger give you any read on how long to translate our documents or when they might be sent to Kazakhstan?  Shelley -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Thanks.  Please send a note to the gas controllers that we will be having a staff meeting 
  Hi Mrs. Traylor,  Obviously things have been a bit chaotic in our family life as we try to get Alina ("Chad's new adopted sister) settled into our routines.  We have been trying to keep Chad's routines as normal as usual, including bedtime and homework time.  While he seems happy with school, I have noticed decreasing marks on his homework and practice tests.  This especially concerns me with respect to his math -- where he has always been an excellent student.  Do you have any suggestions to help Chad with timed practice tests?  Do you recommend any particular classes (Kumon, etc) or workbooks?  If you think it is appropriate to meet to talk about Chad's progress, I could come to school anytime this Friday, February 1 for a conference.  Thanks  Shelley Corman-Erb 281-531-0385 (H) 713-853-7083 (W) 
 Patty, Stephanie & Barbara,  I have samples of Group's VBS curriculum and Children's Church curriculum and would like to get together and see what you think.  Group's VBS this year is called Bug Safari (think "Bug's Life").  The bible lessons are about David and play on theme of little in size, big in spirit.  The video (that can be used during refreshment time & is the basis of our Friday evening program) features Chatter the Chipmunk -- so we could reuse the adorable costume Ann Turney made.  I would like to select the curriculum with you guys before we have our volunteer luncheon (which I would like to do in late Feb or early March).   I would also like to agree on the date in mid-late July for VBS.  I think I currently have 2 weeks penciled on the church calendar.  I also have ordered samples of Group's Children's Church curriculum.  I have been struggling lately with inspiration for new lessons and some pre-prepared lessons might help us draw in additional volunteers.  Most of our volunteers are enthusiastic about helping -- but not preparing -- a children's church worship.  Evening meetings are difficult for me right now -- as there is much to do in the evenings and little time.  I would love to meet sometime this weekend if you are available.  (Kim will be out of the country the first few weekends in Feb.) or I can meet on Fri. Feb 1 or Fri. Feb 8  - if either of those days suit. 
 Thanks for your kind words.  I also wanted to thank you for your flexibility in covering both the gas control desks and the measurement desk. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 In my office instead of 42c2.  Thanks 
 Yes.  Please add Tami Head, Barbara Bakanic & Maggie Van Syckle if its not too many.  The offer is still open for you and Linda to host at my house if you would like.  Here is Gaby's address: Gaby Paniagua 13014 Leader #937 Houston, TX 77072 
 Okay 
 Hi There. So glad you are back.  How was skiing?  Hope we can get together on Sat. or Sun.  I never know the polite way to suggest gifts.  Perhaps just a gift ideas list?  Summer clothes (Size 4T pants/5T shirts) Swimming accessories Loving Family Dollhouse Furniture & Accessories Gift certificates  * In lieu of gifts, contributions can be made in Alina's honor to Kidsave International 
 Tomorrow is fine -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Sorry I missed you today.  Looking forward to lunch tomorrow.  Will 11:45 at La Grilia suit you?  Have fun at your event tonight.  Also - mea culpa.  I just replaced my daytimer calendar for 2002 and realized that I missed Matt's birthday.  I hope that wasn't the day we were all over at your house.  Oops.  Wish Matt a belated greeting on us and of course congrats on his promotion.  See you tomorrow. 
 See you at 4 Pm 
  Now that we have Alina's initial visit out of the way and she has stopped talking about the bad ("jaman") nurse that gave her the shots,  I guess it's time to plan round two.  Please let me know the appropriate timing to schedule a follow-up visit for further immunizations.  Thanks  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 
 I worked on the grade level promtion.  I didn't know what her new title was supposed to be. Lynn chcecked with Fran and she told her coordinator.  So I guess we'll have to check back in with Fran -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I think your outlined measures sound fine.  I would think we could change to the new hotline almost immediately. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Got your note.  I'm volunteering at school this afternoon and can't open the attachment on my Blackberry.  I'll review and send you a note over the weekend -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Okay I'll go for a ticket.  Are you back in town.  Do you want to go to the cafeteria for lunch. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 This isn't the language that we ageed on and it will cause serious objections from my camp.  I thought I sent Jim an email over the weekend.  The language needs to say that Enron has advised that it is willing to treat UBS as an affiliate. .  We cannot say the interstate pipelines are agreeing -- as this would take agreement of our partners. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 11:45 -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Cyndi,  I have misplaced Lori Schroeder's cell phone number and need to set an appointment with her before Sat!  Help.  Thanks for getting together Sat. -- even if I am bad at picking movies. 
 Could you make a Dr appt for tomorrow for the Dr on level 3. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Could you please be so kind as to send me the full shower address list back (my list was missing some addresses).  I want to make sure I get organized to send out thanks after the party. 
  Hope your week is going well.  Here are a couple of things I wanted to tell you.  1.  I made the arrangements for the house rental, bought 8 baseball tickets each to two of the games where I thought day of the game seats would be hard to come by & got our airline tickets.  2.  Hopefully you got the invitation from Cyndi/Rosemary for Sat.  I know you have Karate plans that day so I understand if it doesn't suit you.  If you decide to come let me know though.  Grandpa is willing to come and stay with Chad (Kim will be in Indonesia), but I wanted to also see what D&T will be up to.  3. Does any day this week suit you for exercise - walk/run?  Shelley 
  Hi Georgi,  It's nice to hear from you -- although I wish it were under happier circumstances from your end.  I know that your visited with Mike and Steve on gas control openings.  Please also keep in touch with Rick Dietz for contract group openings and Lynn Blair for potential scheduling openings.  I'll also touch base with them and let them know that you may be responding to upcoming job postings. 
 Congrats to you. 
  My thoughts are written into the document 
 Can they come in the afternoon on Feb 18 (President's Day)?  I have an appointment with the tax lady in the AM.  Can you see about getting Alina a Dentist appointment on Mar 1 at 8 AM  (or at 1 PM) ?  Is it time for Chad to have an appointment again?  Chad has off school on Mar 1 & I plan to take a vacation day.  Alina has an appointment for more vaccinations with Dr Kline at 10 AM.  We may go to the zoo after that. 
  Jayshree,  Here is the info that I think you need for the NNG package   NNG Top Revenue Contracts   Contract Expirations   Breakdown of Revenues into Reservation (Guaranteed Revenues), Commodity & Penalty   Revenues by Customer 
  ?052400NHO  Northern Natural Gas Company Extensive Access to Major Utilities and Industrials in the Upper Midwest Flexible Operations -Interconnections with 4 Major Pipelines in Market Area -Storage Capacity of 56 Bcf -Bi-Directional Flow Capabilities Over 85% of Revenues From Demand Charges 95% of Market Area Capacity Contracted Through 2003 No New Rate Case Until November, 2003  1999 2000 1999 2000  Michigan  Storage  Northern Natural Pipeline Enron Assets  Texas Oklahoma Kansas Missouri Nebraska South Dakota Wisconsin Iowa Illinois  North Dakota Montana Wyoming New Mexico  Minnesota    Market Area Volumes (BBtu/d) 2,173 2,202  2,775 3,483  December Full Year 1999 1999 2000 2000 
 I copied the children's church materials yesterday and will have Gaby drop them off at church tomorrow.  We agreed to have a children's church meeting tacked on to the end of the next children's ministry meeting.  Would you please check to see that VBS is penciled in July 22-26 on the church calendar.  Thank you Shelley (making good use of my jury duty time) -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Hi. Hope your week is going well.  I'm discouraged to still be sick (asthma or bronchitis or the like). Also, I'm sure that you have heard the perils of Enron.  Then there is adoption stuff and then there is world news.  I am really hoping that you will have some time to be my therapist this weekend.  What would you think about tryin to coordinate hair appointments Sat?  My only constraint is Chad's noon soccer game.  If hair doesn't work then how about coffee? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Not at this time.  I plan to continue to use my personal American Express. 
 Please feel free to give me a call anytime.  Work is better.  Home is still kind of crazy! 
 I love Aigerim and visited with her on my recent trip to Taraz.  I took lots of pictures of Aigerim and if you send me your mailing address I'll send them.  I am very interested in Aigerim's placement.  Let me know either way about your decision.  If you decide not to adopt her I would love to continue to advocate for her. 
 Somewhere convenient to Jim since he has to come from Beltway/EOTT.  Will he come down Wetheimer?  If so we can meet at Highland Village - Grotto is it?  Or if he comes down I-10n then ?? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 She has absolutely everything.  A gift isn't necessary.  I'm working on family pictures for her -- so a recent one of you guys would be great.  And, if you want she could use a photo album or scrapbook for her story.  Call me anytime for info.  I'll let you know the next time I'll be in DC and you are always welcome to hop on down to Houston for a weekend.  Tracey is coming next weekend.  We'll be in State College around July 4.  Keep me posted! -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Pressure to finish my review! My husband is in Indonesia on business, so don't be surprised if I reply in the middle of the night when kids are asleep and I can concentrate -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 What a nice note.  I hope you are feeling better. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Met sounds good 
 Great.  Thanks again for going out of your way to meet Alina and join in the party welcoming her.  You're the best! 
  FYI 
 Joan,  Stan tells me that in 2002 I will have the privilege of representing the pipeline segment on the GISB Board.  Will you be letting Rae McQuade know the results of the pipeline segment board elections? 
 Jayshree - give me a call this afternoon at your convenience. I've fact checked the IM and have a couple of questions for you and some language suggestions. 
 Sounds good. I'll give you my handwritten notes. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 4262 
 Yes - you name the time 
 Yes 
 I'm fine with the 1-2% growth rate, but think we need to make an assumption about the major contracts that expire 10/31/03. 
 Thank you for your update.  Our hearts are very heavy today for Rich and his family. 
 Jayshree - here are some thoughts on the IM.  I still can't tie to the top customer revenue figures.  Please give me a call to compare notes. 
  Hi Mom,  Chad just loves his apple checkboard.  Thanks again for it.  I am still feeling sick.  Last week my Dr. told me its just allergies/asthma, but I'm still feeling puny.  I trying to get in to see if I have a touch of bronchitis or something.  I'm going to forward this little list while I'm thinking of it.  Ordinarily, I'm not one of those people that believes in giving people a gift wish list.  It seems kind of rude and presumptious.  However, given that we may be traveling in the November-December time frame and unable to field the normal questions I receive about what Mr. Chad is into -- I thought I'd provide this list:  Things Chad Says He Wants for Christmas (That Santa isn't bringing) if anyone asks -- not he should expect to get these items (since some cost more than $20)  -Harry Potter Game for Computer (MS-Windows)  (more expensive item) -Backyard Football Game for Computer (MS-Windows) -Harry Potter Trading Cards -Video or DVD of "Cats and Dogs" -Harry Potter Snapes Potion Kit (More expensive item) -Ultra Grip Nerf Football  Incidentally, Chad is asking Santa for the Harry Potter Legos Set, a Levitating Game and an Air Snare Drum Game.   More Later  Shelley 
 That's so sweet.  Sorry our time on the phone was short this morning.  As you well know, 6:50 AM is chaos at our house!  My sister is coming this weekend.  She arrives on Sat. at 11 AM and leaves on Tues.  Since you get home late Sat, I am anticipating that you'll want to sleep on Sunday.  Sunday afternoon we are going to Mary Beth Schatzman's birthday party at a Mexican restaurant.  Sunday morning the kids choir sings.  Last night the Kudla's came over and we ate take-out.  Christopher broke one of the plates on the wall in the dining room and was very active.   I was pretty tired by the time I got everyone to bed.  Work is very stressful this week.  Tonight we are going to try to make it to Karate and we have to write out everyone's Valentine's cards.  I love you too.  Q 
 Can you please take care of this? 
 Help -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Lynn and Steve will attend for me. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Mike,  Per your request for information to assist you on a NM tax matter,  attached is a summary of measured receipts into the Transwestern system by state for the period April 2001 to June 2001.  Best Regards, Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 
 Perfect!  Thanks. 
  Sorry we were unable to have a staff meeting this morning.  I would like to have a brief (1 hr) staff meeting tomorrow or Friday instead.  Please let Ricki know about your availability.  I will be out of the office next Tuesday morning.  In my absence I have asked Mike Bryant to sit in on Stan's staff meeting and Steve January to sit in on Dan Dienstbier's meeting (both moved to Tues. due to President's Day holiday).   Please see that the normal Monday morning updates are set to these folks.  Lynn will compile the NNG Gas Logistics bullets and send to Drew/Emily Sellers.  Donna Scott will compile similar style weekly bullets for FGT/TW/ETS.  Donna check with Toby regarding the proper posting of these bullets.  Thanks 
 I love you too.  Thanks for the surprise.  Chad thought we were on a treasure hunt.  He especially loved the special kiss.  They both have the sniffles and I have a sore throat.  Man I don't want to get sick again.  Happy Valentine's Day -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I can do any of these dates.  If we go to lunch on Feb 19 -- then my sister will be along with us. 
  Please advise 
 My preference is to send out the notice as a Staff Meeting w/ Halloween Snacks.  I'd rather it be just us for this meeting. 
 Sorry I missed you this morning.  Could you take a look at this description from the outline.    I checked with John O'Shea and its fine for us to work together on this. I'm back in my office.  Please give me a call at your convenience (x37083)  Competitive Threats  Northern's competitive position is bolstered by the presence of (1) long-term agreements, and (2) a configuration of small-diameter branchlines with multiple delivery points that function as an extension of the LDC's distribution system.  Minnesota: ?	Northern's major Minnesota customers have contracts that extend through 2007.  Beyond current contract terms, there is a mid-high possibility of bypass in Minneapolis/Twin cities area (Alliance, Viking or Northern Border); low-medium bypass possibilities in Rochester and Mankato, MN (Alliance). Iowa: ?	Northern recently extended the contract with its major Iowa customer (MidAmerican) thru 2005.   Beyond current contract terms, Northern will face competitive threats from NGPL in the Des Moines and Sioux City.  Wisconsin/Chicago: ?	With several significant contract terms up for renewal in 2003, Northern will face competitive pressures in the Wisconsin and Chicago areas because market prices are below maximum tariff rates and due to the high concentration of competing pipelines.   To some extent these competitive factors have already been recognized, as Wisconsin Gas has already bypassed Northern via Great Lakes.    The distance of competing pipelines to many Northern towns will preclude bypass for many others.  Major competitors in the market area include: ?	Alliance ?	ANR Great Lakes ?	Natural Gas Pipeline ?	Northern Border ?	Trailblazer Viking 
 Saturday night sounds good.  My sister will be here!  Things are going fine at home...but we'll be happy to have Kim home! 
  Greg,  Typically I sign all these EDI trading partner agreements with Lee Huber's initials.  Can we get the proper agency/delegations in place so that I can continue to sign without further ado so long as the agreements are identical to the GISB standard agreement.  We can put in place a separate procedure for any non-standard TPAs? 
 Any numbers for me? 
  Can you send me the latest version?  Also, I am expecting to shortly have the power plant numbers to add for the 1 market and 1 southend power plant per year based on actual annualized revenues from a recent market power plan (Great River) and southend (PowerTex). 
 Great Rosemary,  I'm so slow in thanking you for the lovely party.  You are the best.  My sister will be here for our lunch on Monday too.  We're going to be out shopping that day. 
  Stan/Rod,  I previously mentioned to you that I have assigned John Buchanan as Mgr, TW scheduling to ensure that we have a consistent focus on TW scheduling matters and presence at the 8 AM TW morning meeting (Lynn Blair, Steve January and Terry Kowalke are in the NNG morning meeting each day at the same time).  Previously Terry Kowalke and John Buchanan split time advising the TW and NNG team on day to day scheduling matters.  Terry was sitting on 39 and John on 42.  In light of the immediate change in their assignments, I asked John and Terry to switch desks.  I need you authorization to move their telephones.  This change is important to demonstrate to the commercial groups of both NNG and TW that we will not miss a step in tending to daily business even during the transition.  Thank you for the support. 
 It's not final yet.  I'll forward the latest copy that Jayshree sent me yesterday afternoon.  I still need to check that all our comments were added. 
 You could never be a bother.  A woman serving food at a volunteer event always has a special place in my heart.   I bought the Louis Rich pre-cooked chicken & the caesar salad bowls (in plastic bowls - near fruit bowls) from Albertson.  Just added some extra parmesan. 
  FYI 
 I'll gladly bring my photo album and Alina.  Chad has a playdate at a neighbors house.  Gaby told me that she cannot attend.  You mentioned that several people may come to the get together late and that we may visit longer than 12:30 pm.  My sister is arriving in town for a visit around 12PM and a cab is picking her up at the airport.  I currently have arrangements for the cab driver to take her to my house (probably around 1 PM). Let me know if you think I should change this arrangement.  I can't think of anyone we missed for the party, except Bobby Oldfield.  She is going to start working with us on Children's Church and was a fantastic help with VBS.  I inadvertently dropped her name from the list.  Thank you for everything you do.  I'm always overwhelmed by your kindness.  Shelley 
 Here are a few more minor edits I saw in the latest IM 
  I am looking for a way to assist a co-worker that is under stress with a wife with health problems, a baby and two other children at home.  I am interested in getting details about how I might pre-pay for a two-week personal chef service.  Could you give me a quote on two-week service to this family located in the Copperfield area? Would you deliver the pre-made meals to the home?  Could the gift recipient select the menu items?  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 
  I am looking for a way to assist a co-worker that is under stress with a wife with health problems, a baby and two other children at home.  I am interested in getting details about how I might pre-pay for a two-week personal chef service.  Could you give me a quote on two-week service to this family located in the Copperfield area? Could the gift recipient select the menu items?  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 
 Kevin, We can get ETS-related pipe throughput for 2001 (and Rick has subsequently sent the TW 2001 data).  But we won't have non Enron pipeline throughput until they publish. 
  Jayshree,  I j found three more minor nits. 
 Sorry but I don't have an isolated power plant capex number.  In the NNG commercial folks original budget they forcasted $1.2 M revenue growth from $25 million 2002 Capital.  So my thought is that if you have already included maintenance capital = depreciation, then $25 million capital includes market area expansion as well as power plant growth. 
 We should change all refernces to say top 10 customers provide 66 percent of revenues .  I changed that in one prior draft.  The other figure is the top 15 contracts.  I think we should stick to customer figures rather than mix customer and contract stats -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 There are a couple of slides in the recent bank package NNG prepared and a few more slides in the original 2002 budget package.  I'm a vacation day but have to stop by the office later today and will round these up -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  Thanks.  No-Notice Imbalances are market area from the perspective of commodity pricing.  The only reason that they are separated out from the rest of the imbalances is because of the transportation element of the cash-out price. 
 Skyline refers to added seasonality that NNG proposed to add to its rates.  The rate case settlement represented a compromise approach to shifting more responsibity to the peak.  So no we didn't implement Skyline as proposed and nothing is pending.  I expect that NNG will make a new proposal to refect peak cost responsibility as part of the next rate case -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Tomorrow morning! -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Okay - so I see that it's Orlando Cogen (not Orange).  I'm unclear what the relationship is with El Paso.  Do they own 100% of Orlando Cogen?  Are they the designee?  Have they sent correspondence to us that El Paso is now owner or contact party for this contract? 
 Can I see the Trunkline OBA too 
 I just got this message.  I assume it is an old message or do you have a new injury? 
  In addition to the post-it note, please record the following items:  6572  Aeros  			$22 6573 Gaby    			$406.23 6574 Audobon Docent Guild	$70 6575 FPPS			$65 6576 Lynn Blair			$75 6577 ACEC			$125   * Also - please make sure to record the approx.  $2200 deposit I made while you wer gone.  Thanks 
  Rick  I need you to work out a full budget for this class & the Houston class -- = both the customer portion + the individual employee travel expenses that wi= ll hit our budget.  Once you have the cost estimate together, lets sit down= and make sure we're okay from an overall budget perspective and then make = sure that the participating staff know that we need to stick to the budget.  What did we put in the 2002 plan for the TW contract training?  -----Original Me 
 Are you at all worried that this starts the move to zone rates in the market area?  Do we care?  Are we worried about having competitive Zone E/F rates? 
 When you have a chance - can we talk about this? 
 2:30 works for me. 
  We received a call this morning from a gentleman, Todd Bearden (954-981-1101), who recently moved into a home in Hollywood FL and is trying to obtain information about gas service, could one of you pass this request on the appropriate person at NUI-City Gas or TECO/PGS? 
 I consider the no notice to be part of the market imbalance for this analysis. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  Please coordinate a meeting next week between Don Hawkins, myself and Rod Hayslett for Don & I to discuss a proposal for NNG Measurement with Rod. 
 Another concern I have is that once we say that we can path -- then we've lost our best argument against physical segmentation. 
 Don,  I would like to see the following notations added to the Gas Logistics CAPEX page to fully reflect the discussion and agreement.  With respect to the specific project listed:  1.  Gas Logistics is authorized to proceed with 4 Discretionary projects, including the three gas control network/security upgrades that you have listed and also the blanket desktop replacement project ($19,000) (omitted from your listing).  No further written proposal is required by Dynegy and restated capital budget will constitute the written authorization to proceed with these projects.   With respect to Footnote 2.  I believe the description below more precisely reflects our discussion:  2.  Dynegy requested and Enron agreed that NNG will not be charged any additional amounts for the Base Contract System through June 30, 2002, UNLESS Dynegy authorizes Enron to begin work on the customization and implementation of the NNG contract system prior to June 30, 2002.   To the extent that Enron is not directed to begin work on the customization of the base contract system for NNG prior to June 30, 2002, it is understood that the implementation date of the NNG contract system will be impacted.  3.  Dynegy requested and Enron agreed that NNG will not be charged any additional amounts for the Base Rates and Revenue System through June 30, 2002.   An additional footnote should be added to the page.  4.    The 2002 Capital Budget does not currently authorize the system modifications that will be necessary to implement NNG's Order 637 filing/revised filing provisions or GISB changes.   Dynegy and Enron will need to mutually agree whether to commence work on these modifications to meet filing commitments or expected FERC requirements. 
 Rod,  I received Don's memo before I sent out the memo that we had talked about -- so I turned the thoughts into reply comments. 
 FYI 
  Would you guys be amenable to signing up the boys for Nature Explorer Camp July 29-Aug 2.  The Audubon lady said that I can sign Chad up with the 7-8's if he's going to be with a 7-year old buddy.  Summer Schedule I'm not planning any camps for Chad the week of June 3 because of Swim Team (really busy first week of June).  June 10-14 is Grace VBS  We'll be on vacation week of July 1-7  Ashford VBS July 22-26  Hopefully Nature Explorer Camp week July 29 - Aug 2.   I'd like to sign him up Biron's or some other camp 1 or more weeks (either): June 24-28 July 8-12 July 15-19 
 Yes I can either meet you at noon or at 3 PM take your pick.  I have to take the Kid's to a b-day party from 1:30-3PM -- Kim can watch them afterwards.  I'd like to go to Neiman Marcus last call. 
 How did you make sure it was the right set?  Will it be delivered?  I,m so excited.  This will make my week. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 can you resend.  There was no attachment 
  FYI  Yesterday, Sunday the 24th, one of our gas controllers was stuck in an elevator for approximately 5 hours. Apparently the alarm and the intercom were not functioning and she had no way of notifying anyone that she was stuck between the 39th floor and the plaza. After other dispatchers became concerned about her being missing and searched for her, it was 2 hours before they determined she was stuck in an elevator. It then took another 3 hours to repair the elevator and get her out. We were advised by one of the guards that the weekly test and inspection of the intercoms was not performed on Saturday, as scheduled. Evidentially the level of maintenance and monitoring of the elevators has recently changed.  We are pursuing this matter with Bill Donovan and the building/security staff. 
 Great.  Last week I was invited to a forum, but I was disappointed that I could not attend. 
  I'll try to attend this meeting if you need me.  I have a CLE class out of the office from 12-2 today.  But, I would like to dispel the suggestion that Jerry put together the spreadsheet for me.  I'm very enthusiastic about the AR tools that Jerry & Jim have developed and I'm happy that the reports seem to also serve the needs of the finance folks, but I feel like I made it clear that the customer service reps (like Marion) that are on the front line of collecting monies are the main clients of Jerry's reports.   If the tool needs to be modified to better meet their needs -- then it should be modified.  I'm all for automation and less manual intervention. 
 Wednesday will work best for me.  Say 11:45 at the Daily Review? 
  Would one of be able to email this gentleman.  He called me again this morning looking for information on connecting a well to Northern. 
  Ricki - would you please:  1. Make reservations at 11:45 on Thurs for Judy Johnson & I at Duck & Co in Hyatt  2. Set up a pre-meeting for Don Hawkins & I before our meeting with Rod tomorrow  3. Move my Wed. staff meeting to run from 10-11:30 (instead of 9-10).  Since we no longer have a Wash office, I plan to watch the Commission meeting myself 
 I'm confused how this fits in with the projects that we recently had Dynegy approve.  Is this one of the discretionary network upgrade projects that they agreed to support?  Or one of the other discretionary projects that we didn't have funding for before 6/30/02 anyway? 
 I'd tell her that we have actual tickets for games on Mar 9 (Astros) and Mar 13 (Indians), but otherwise just plan to buy the day of the game.  We just pulled schedules from the web.  My feeling is that once they affirmatively decide they are going to FL, you should say that I rented a house and that you are going to come over and stay with us for a few days.  I know this might push us to the point of her asking whether they can stay with us .... but I'm afraid the kids will spill the beans. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  Per my earlier email --- this is the maintenance company's response. 
 Thanks for your concern.  While it was very scary for Helen, I'm satisfied with Randy's reply. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I don't know who/what got everything stirred up today.  It is true I have other offers, but none are new -- I've been thinking about them for several weeks and haven't made up my mind.  I'll let you know when I figure it out! -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  Tim,  Is the activity at the MidLouisiana points normal.  How did we build up a 156,000 MMBtu balance at Port Hudson.  Is this a measurement or a scheduling mismatch?  How big is this point? 
 Return to Ricki and she can take care of it 
 Here are a few thoughts. 
  Tim - The denominator in the load factor calculations needs to be updated.  Please check with Mike to get the current denominator for the months. 
 Yes -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 18.            The primary term of this Agreement shall be from the Effective Date until cancelled upon fortyeight (8)-eight (48) hours prior written notice prior to the gas day by either Party or by other provisions herein. 
  Ann,  Per Rod Hayslett, you are able to process changes to list B to accommodate instances in which Dynegy & ETS can agree on the specific assignment of an individual.  Craig Buehler and Esther DaSilva are both currently company 179 employees.  We moved both of these individuals to list C because we anticipated that one of the two might need to stay to support deal capture/contracts/data requests for TW.  Craig Buehler has subsequently indicated his plans to leave the company if he is not assigned to list B.  Dave Neubauer has requested that Craig be moved to list B and both Rick Dietz (Craig's immediate supervisor) and I are in agreement.  And, if we agree to move Craig to list B, we need to make the same accommodation for Esther DaSilva.  Dave Neubauer is in agreement with this revision as well.  Accordingly, please move Craig Buehler and Esther DaSilva from List C to List B.  FYI - we will use another contract position vacancy to cover TW deal capture/contracts/data requests if deemed necessary.  Thanks Shelley 
 Don - I never heard anything back.  Is everyone ok with these clarifications? 
 I'll await Mike's email.  Thanks. 
 Ditto Happy Birthday From Me Too!  Was I the first D-In-Law to wish you Happy Birthday? 
 Let's see if Sheila can attend too 
 Sounds good.  Is Marion comfortable with the plan? 
 Galen/Jim,  Thanks for the info.  I have been building spreadsheet cases all day.   FYI - majority/minority isn't driven by the number of shippers, its driven by the volume.  I made the appropriate changes on Galen's spreadsheet.   A couple of further things that I need: - I need to reconcile the net volume on Galen's sheet by month with the net cash out volumes on Jim's sheet.  There are huge differences.  Can these really all be receipt imbalances?  Galen for the months Aug 00-Jul 01 can you break out receipt imbalances from market imbalances.   We are only planning to put the majority/minority pricing on the market area imbalances.   Let me know if you guys want to sit down and talk through this.  I need to get Teb my final analysis by the end of the week. 
 Thanks.  I'll keep you posted. 
 Can you please advise what is going on with the flat panels that we had planned to distribute to our gas logistics team.  It was in the budget and we had the okay, but now I'm hearing there is some hold-up & the units are stored on 44.  Shelley 
 Does that mean Rita will need to go through security every day?  My preference is to give her a temporary badge or activate her old Enron badge for the full week. 
  I just listened to the presentation on the GISB final rule on intraday recalls.  The final rule requires pipelines to support intraday recalls and allow the recalling shipper to nominate at each nomination cycle, but the implementation of the rule will be in two phases:  1. By May 2002, pipelines must file tariff revisions to be effective July 2002 to permit recalls at the evening cycle or for capacity which was not being used by the replacement shipper.  2. With respect to recalls during the flowing gas day, the Commission directs NAESB (GISB) to file comments by October 2002 on how these recalls should be accommodated, with reply comments by October 15.  Commissioner Massey noted that some parties claimed the new rule would undercut reliability.  Staff responded that if a shipper is worried about partial day recallability, then they should buy capacity release packages that are not designated as partial day recallable.  The releasing shipper can decide whether to offer the space with partial day recall rights or not.  The discussion of the order seems to be in step with ETS pipeline 637 proposals to only allow intraday capacity release/recall at the timely and evening cycles at this time and say that we would need to build additional validations and need more time if required to allow recalls during the flowing gas day.  The fact that comments aren't even being filed on phase 2 until Oct.  -- I think we're safe to assume that this phase won't be implemented until 2003. 
 I didn't understand we were borrowing them.  I thought we already reached agreement to buy them. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  Jeffri,  I recently received a Schedule K-1 form from SSB.  I sending you an overnight package with the form to add to my other tax materials.  Thanks  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 
 Yes.  Of course I'm still here.  I think my NNG friends are spreading the rumor that I'm out of here!  But, I just keep busy with my day to day work and try to put of making any decisions... 
 I haven't visited with Stan lately.  Why do you ask?  I know he has a lot going and doesn't have the crystal ball that I and others are looking for.  I'll try to sit Down with him next week.  I'm not planning on doing anything this week. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 What is an Ambassador Doll and where can I buy one? 
 FYI 
  Interesting 
 No idea.  Let me know if you hear something. 
 Alina's Dr. appt is at 10 in the medical center.  We'll have to have her go first at the dentist in case the dentist appointment runs long?  I was planning pasta for dinner.  I am not going to the Bunco game until 7 PM.  Chad should be in a really good mood -- since I put the treasure map in his lunch to find his post Stanford 9 Test present (Battletops) when he gets home. 
  Mike - Alina & I have decided to join Kim & Chad at the Aeros game tomorrow night, so we'll get the boys together for another event soon.  Shelley 
  Per our earlier process discussion ... 
 See my follow-up email 
 I approve. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  Thanks for the update. 
  Rita,  I was recently quizzing payroll on why I received two W-2s (which sum in aggregate to my 12/31/01 payroll stub) when I thought had been employed by the same co. (366) all year.  Her records indicated that you had entered a change during the year.  Could you look into why I can listed as having worked for both Enron Operations Services Co & Enron Corp. in 2001?  Shelley Corman x37083 
 Mike,  I've never received any feedback on my notes.  Can you give me some direction on whether my assumptions are correct? 
 Thanks for talking to Ange.  I'll give her a call tonight.  My preference is for me to take 3/17; you to take 3/24 (I'll have company); and no children's church on Easter.  Let me know what you think.  Shelley 
 I've lost track of the email replies -- please just let me know the final time. 
 I approve of the below-noted access.  Shelley Corman Vice President, ETS Gas Logistics 
 No change.  We are to retain all documents. 
 I'm okay with providing your attached sheet to Jane 
 Great.  Just wanted to make sure I was on the right wave length -- as Jane Joyce has asked the IT folks for more detail on the contracts and revenue projects and I didn't want to lead the IT folks astray with my understanding of our meeting if it was incorrect. 
 You are going to be so very mad at me, but I have lost my ATM card.  Can you cancel my card.  I think this proves that I am no allowed to have an ATM card in the future.  Call me. 
 It's been canceled.  There were no unauthorized withdrawals.  It very well may be in the pocket of one of my blazers at home, but I didn't want to take any chances.  It's inactivated & I'll have to go to the local branch if I want a new ATM card with non-debit features.  The automated service only offers replacement cards with debit features. 
 Fantastic.  Is Sheila planning to attend?  If so then, there are already 8 tickets committed.  If any of these cancel, I have a back-up list.  I will take 2 seats.  Please give me the invites for those two.  I'll take care of their transport.  They will not need Enron transport. 
 Still working...for today anyway. We spent a cold weekend in Conroe TX.  Alina was well-behaved all weekend.  Can you do lunch this week?  Perhaps tomorrow? 
 Okay with me 
 Caroline,  I'll have to do this by phone with you.  Chad is sick.  Kim stayed home this AM, but I'm planning to work from home this afternoon. 
 Mr. Chad is sick today with a 102 fever.  Kim stayed home this AM, but I have to relieve him and work from home this PM...so I need to reschedule lunch.  I really need to talk to you though.  Could you go for coffee or a quick dinner this evening on your way home assuming John is headed to Kingwood? 
  We'll have a brief meeting at nine 
 Unfortunately I didn't write down the name of the person in payroll that returned my call to the main payroll number.   Whoever it was logged into their system and said that the record showed you making the co. change.  Could you give payroll a call? 
 Steve/Karen,  I need for Mike to carry a Blackberry.  Please advise on how to make this happy for Mike.  Shelley Corman VP Gas Logistics 
  FYI 
  Sorry - but it looks like you'll soon be saddled with a Blackberry 
 I'm thinking that we may miss church altogether on Sunday.  We may spend the night at my inlaws in Conroe.  They have been bugging us to visit and I don't see another date on the calendar that will work.  Nov 3 for example, there is no children's church, but I am open/close trustee.  Don't worry about the CD player -- it's no problem.  I don't mind exchanging it until we get a CD player and duplicate copies of music (which I'm working on).  We received our INS approval to adopt Alina, but with court date delays etc., it looks like our most likely travel time is late November or early December.  When I get a little better info.  I will make Children's Church plans.  If it turns out that I'm gone several weeks in December, then perhaps we can talk Patty into letting the kids sit in regular church during Advent.  It is always such a fun time for them to be in church & they recognize so many of the songs.  If I'm only going to be gone in late Dec & first week of Dec, then we can probably continue with Children's church as planned.  I'm really just guessing now -- since this international adoption stuff changes by the minute. 
 Mr. Chad is still sick today, but he much appreciated the bear.  I'll have my cell phone with me too.  We will be back on Fri. Mar 15.  Please look at your calendar to see if one of the following dates would suit for our shopping excursion:  April 4 or 5, 10, or 11.  FYI - Alina had her first MMR vaccination back in Jan and will have her followup in early April.  She purportedly already had all her MMR vaccinations in the orphanage but I am repeating just to be certain.  I've got an attic full of stuff for you and many, many Saturday's full of wisdom (and humility). 
 Thanks I found this too. 
 Jim  I would be happy to do my usual Spring bedding flower planting, but I will be out of town on our Spring break trip on Sat.  Mar 9.  Please advise on whether you/the trustees would like me to add some new bedding plants around the trees, memorial and church entrance the following weekend on Mar 15. 
 I am looking to schedule a Vacation Bible School Training Meeting.  I am wondering whether there are any conflicts on the church calendar if I schedule this meeting for May 5, 12-2?  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 
 I'm back.  I was gone all of two minutes.  I needed a bathroom break.  I figured out that the straw was simply the 2 or 3 issue and so I didn't bother to chime in when I returned. 
 Sorry but I'm hostage in. Meeting in 39c1.  I'll catch up wti you tomorrow. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Chris,  I was about to send off the info from the prior email when I received your latest update.  However, I'm confused by the update.  The form seems to be the same, except it is intended to be sent to the Republic of Kazakhstan in New York.  Is that really where we are sending our registration information?  What about the autobiography.  What is that, What is required?  I understand the urgency in registering and am prepared to do what it takes to accomplish this today.  But, frankly this whole process was a surprise to me.  Does your agency have an written materials on follow-up requirements/processes in general.  I'm sort of at a loss on the whole issue of what comes next.  When to apply for SS#.  What about readoption.  Passport, Certificate of Citizenship, etc.  I was surprised when a resident alien card arrived.  I need to take care of the registration issue today, as we will be on vacation starting tomorrow for a week.  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 
 Thanks.  I won't be home until 6.  Have meeting ,. Will call when I leave -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Let it rip -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Dates all work great.  As you mentioned, I will likely be traveling in late November or early December 
 John - please drop Mike a line about the Contracts system implementation on TW on Monday AM as Mike is attending Stan's staff meeting for me. 
 I don't plan for us to sign on, we'll just wait for it to hit the board for vote. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Great.  Thanks! -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Pre April 1997 was specifically not covered by the 6 month rule. -- but 8 don't think that means that we are automatically required to process all old ppas.  I think we should plan to manually handle any pre 1997 ppas that we feel bound to accept.  FYI I saw Ken Caminiti at Animal Kingdom yesterday! -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Florida is great.  We have been on the go all day and its been after business hours when I've gotten back to the house so I didn't get to talk to you.  But I have been reading my emails along the way and know about all the meetings next week.  And we can send out an email on our staff meeting on Monday.  Disney was great and I've been to 8 baseball games. Today we're going to an Astros practice and then we catch our flight home.  See you Monday -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 See you soon! -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I can either plant this Sat or next.  If you guys already mulched last week, then I can manage the planting on my own.  If not, I could use help with mulching the beds before I plant. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Have a great trip.  I'll be thinking of you. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Call me when you get to the office.  I have been thinking of you constantly this last week and am anxious to hear your voice.  Have a great week back at the office. 
 No, we live about 2-3 mi. off I-10.  It is really easy to get to our house from Austin by taking 71 to I-10 east.   Here is a turn by turn:  Exit 1-10 at Highway 6 (17 mi. West of Downtown Houston).  Go South on Hwy 6 to the 3rd stop light (Chevron station on SE corner).  Take right onto Briarforest Drive.  Take first left onto Briarhome (Meadowbriar subdivision).  We live on Scarborough Fair -- third street off Briarhome.  Our home is 2-story red brick & is in the NE corner.  14126 Scarborough Fair Houston TX 77077 281-531-0385   Also last night I emailed Sergei a brief note regarding what Ginger was telling us yesterday. I didn't want to jump ranks or push him for an earlier date -- but I wanted to make certain that he knew that all our paperwork is in. 
  Jeffri,  I have received the revised W-2 forms from Enron that increases my reported income to reflect my non-eligibility to participate in the dependent daycare spending accounts.  (See letter in the package of information that I previously delivered to you).  Evidently Enron failed the test for providing dependent day care benefits to highly compensated employees.  I will fedex the revised W-2 forms to you.  I would like to set up a date (perhaps over the lunch hour one day) to meet at your office to review my return and to discuss alternatives for the second home (either rental or sale to my mother and/or her fianc?).   Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 shelley.corman@enron.com 
 I'm fine with not having Children's Church Palm Sunday -- recognizing that we won't have CC for 3 weeks then.  I'll adjust the curriculum notes accordingly and we'll pick up with Children's Church on April 14. 
 Please let me know if there is a time in the day that you would like me to meet with or great your TECO guests. 
  Yes,  I volunteered to continue to keep up the flower beds again this year.  I was planning to pick up some flowers early Sat. morning at plant at the church.  If you want to meet me there around 8:30 AM or so that would be great (but please don't feel obligated).  I think we could get the planting done in about an hour.  Congrats to you on your recent wedding.  I am so thrilled for you both. 
  FYI Regarding Mn EC Closing.  I really enjoyed our talk last night.  You gave me some really good advice.  I'm sure that vacation/going out of town is the very last thing that you feel like thinking about, but when you're up to travel thoughts let me know if you would be interested in going to the Hill Country Hyatt some weekend.  I think Alina would love the water rafting.  We could go the weekends of May 11, 18 or 25 if you are interested.  Talk to you soon.  Chad really, really wants to have Tom come over to play soon! 
  Please plan to get together tomorrow, March 20 from 3-4 PM in 39C1 for a staff meeting.  We can talk about the new Enron severance policy, the return of the personal best award program or anything else that is on your mind.  If you have issues that you know that you would like me to address please drop me an email today so that I can do some research and be better prepared to answer your questions.  Shelley 
 OCC has called me and I am on the call and the operations folks seem irritated with my explanation that I no longer cover communications so I have jotted down the notes on the call and would like to hand over to you as appropriate.  Summary notes from Tom Mertz -There was an oil spill on the Block 49 platform off the coast of LA in Elod (sp?) Bay on an EOTT facility. - Have 2 people on blocks but they are busy with booms (so they are out of communication) and others are on the way to the site to bring up communications. - The spill was initially reported at 10 barrels.  But later received report that slick reported as 250 ft wide x 1.2 mi long.  And it is nearing the bank/shore. - Going to do fly over. - Govt agencies have been called including the Coast Guard. Coast Guard will meet us at site. - We have deployed US environmental to do containment and cleanup -There is concern that news will cover when slick reaches shore. 
  FYI 
   Let me know if you are okay with these and I will forward to Stan 
 Rick I have a number of contracts that the bankers want early tomorrow. I am assuming Elizabeth will be