 On Friday, the Assembly failed to get its version of the Edison MOU out of the appropriations committee. The bill must pass out of that committee before it can go to the full Assembly for passage. Negotiations continue among Assembly Democrats about what the final bill should look like. The Assembly will try again to pass the bill out of the Assembly on Tuesday. In response to the California PUC proposed order, which would retroactively end Direct Access on July 1, the Assembly amended its bill on Friday to include its own "date certain" for the temporary suspension of Direct Access. The Assembly bill would now suspend Direct Access beginning August 25. We are working with others to get the date of suspension changed to either 1) the date the bill is signed or 2) September 1. We will provide additional information on Tuesday about the bill's status and our progress in changing the suspension date.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 Call when you can. Best, Jeff 
 Greetings, Jim. Just checking in.  Hope, given the circumstances that all finds you well. Look forward to hearing from you.  Best, Jeff 
 Hey Suzie, what's up with that weather.  And speaking of up, our stock's up today!!  Keep your fingers crossed.  Best, Jeff 
 Got your message.  Which bill?  Could you try Scott Govenar (916.448.8240), since he's the lord of all bill activity?  Thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff 
 Didn't work.  Was it in yesterday's gas daily?  If so, I can access it.  Thanks very much for your help.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. The California AG has announced that he is investigating conflict of interest charges against consultants who were involved with arranging DWR's long term power contracts. May be part of Davis' attempt to "re-negotiate" the contracts.  There's been some assertions that, under California law, any contracts negotiated by consultants with financial conflict of interests must be nullified. 
 Sue will take the lead on the ARM filing.  Let's discuss further the idea of a separate Enron filing--pros and cons to each.  Sue and Jeanne Bennett discussed and thought coalition filings would be preferable, but let's talk about it.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings.  Hope, given the circumstances, that you're well.  I'm trying to get a hold of Mark Baldwin, and the number I have gets a recording saying that it ain't the number anymore.  Do you have a number for him.  Greatly appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 OK, I'm getting the meetings set up.  What day do you want?  And what about the pilot--need info, over.  And who's you're knight in shining armor in EES?  Best, Jeff 
 It's Baldwin.  Let me know what dates you want to meet and I'll set it up.  Best, Jeff 
 I'll give you a call and fax you some materials that Edison uses to justify their position.  Best, Jeff 
 Does Martha approve of aloe vera? 
 Thanks. 
 Greetings.  Steve Harris says that you might have a number for Mark Baldwin.  Possible to get it from you.  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  Did he change companies, or just phone numbers?  Best, Jeff 
 Got Mark's number.  I'm going to call him today.  Any specific info you'd like to have, or just generally what he and DWR are up to on the gas side.  I also assume that we'd like to meet with him to discuss possible opportunities?  Best, Jeff 
 thanks. 
 I've mentioned both Becky and Leslie to Barry. 
 Let me see what I can do.  So this is all about sourcing, or are you aiming higher? 
 Could be a soon as the next week or two.  We'll make sure that you're up to date on the latest.  Best, Jeff 
 Sorry.  Haven't been around.  I definitely want to move forward.  I'll respond more fully if more is needed, but the short of it is, I'd like to do the entire job except for the decking.  Ready to start when you are.  Can you tell me what you expect the total to be (labor + materials), understanding that it's an estimate and not a firm price.  Also, I'm assuming that the cost for the materials that you quoted include the "bridge" to the cabin?  Will, of course, want the bridge to the cabin planked.  If you have any questions, let me know.  Really appreciate your efforts.  Looking forward to getting started.  Hope all finds you well.  Best, Jeff 
  State's Electric Bill Gets Lighter   Energy: Davis and the PUC clash over why only a fraction of the 20% reduction will be passed on to consumers.  By MIGUEL BUSTILLO Times Staff Writer  October 20 2001  SACRAMENTO -- California now expects its electricity bill to be 20% less than estimated as recently as two months ago, opening the door for utility rate reductions or a smaller energy bond sale, the Davis administration said Friday.  Even so, the amount of savings passed on to consumers is likely to be closer to 5%, the administration added.  The discrepancy and its explanation are an extension of the ongoing political squabble between Gov. Gray Davis and Public Utilities Commission President Loretta Lynch. Administration officials said residential customers won't see much relief because recent actions by the PUC have negated most of the gains from lower power prices and greater conservation.  Specifically, officials said, the PUC erred in giving business customers too much time to opt out of the state's power-buying system, and in holding up a bond sale to repay expensive energy loans.  Lynch disagrees on both points. The real problem, she said again Friday, is that California purchased too much power at too high a price during the energy crisis. The best way to save consumers money, she suggested, is to renegotiate the state's energy contracts.  California has been purchasing massive quantities of power since January because the state's large private utilities could no longer do so, and mass blackouts threatened to cripple the state's economy and endanger the public. The utilities, Pacific Gas & Electric, San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Edison, ran up billions of dollars in debts because they were forced to buy power for far more than they could legally charge customers.  In August, state officials estimated the department's power costs for 2001 and 2002, the time the state plans to be in the power business, at $21.45 billion. The new estimate, released Friday, pares that figure to $17.2 billion.  But in what consumer groups angrily called a "jailbreak," Davis administration officials disclosed for the first time Friday that large businesses fled the state's power-buying system en masse this summer, opting to cut their own deals with energy companies rather than shoulder their share of the state's power costs.  Big Businesses Bail Out, Leave Tab to Consumers  The PUC announced in June that it was putting a lid on the so-called direct-access deals because if the businesses left the system, homeowners and other small ratepayers would have to pay a larger share of the costs the state incurred buying power to avert blackouts in the energy crisis.  However, the commission did not act until last month, and in the meantime numerous businesses opted out of the state system. Direct-access participation jumped from 2% to 13% of the overall power load being purchased by the California Department of Water Resources, according to the administration's latest numbers.  "Unfortunately, all of the savings generated by the improving market conditions will not be immediately passed on to ratepayers," said Pete Garris, who oversees the department's power-buying division. "Put simply, the PUC's delay in suspending direct access means [the state's] costs will have to be recovered from fewer customers and the impact will be greatest on smaller, retail customers."  State Treasurer Phil Angelides, who requested that the PUC suspend direct access earlier in the summer, blasted the commission Friday, saying the "stampede" of businesses would shift as much as $8 billion in costs to consumers over the next decade, as they pay for the long-term contracts the state signed this year to ensure a stable source of electricity.  "What's happened here is one of the most damaging things that's happened to consumers in this energy crisis," Angelides said.  And consumer groups were even more critical, accusing the PUC of letting big business escape the costs of the energy crisis.  "The PUC first gave Edison their bailout," said Doug Heller of the Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights, referring to the legal settlement recently approved by the commission to rescue the utility. "Now we find that big business is in effect getting bailed out of the energy crisis. These were the two groups, the big business guys and the utilities, that got us in this mess in the first place."  But Lynch, the PUC president, said the number conflicted with the commission's figures, which showed direct access participation at roughly 8% of the overall load. That, she said, was similar to the number of businesses participating in direct access at the beginning of the year, a little more than 7%, before the energy crisis erupted. It fell to a low of 2% during the crisis because some energy companies realized they could make more money on the open market and breached their deals with state businesses, she said.  Lynch accused Angelides and the Davis administration of revisionist history, saying the commission postponed its decision at the administration's request. The commission then put off the decision again because the Legislature was considering its own solution to the problem, she said.  The real problem, Lynch said, is that the state has too much electricity under contract at too high a price. If California had not purchased too much power, consumers would not have to pay for it, she said.  "If people are leaving the system, those are fewer people [the state] needs to serve," Lynch said. "The problem, once again, is the long-term contracts. We need to renegotiate these contracts."  Also adding to the state's financial burden is the fallout from a $4.3-billion energy loan the state took out this summer that it will not be able to repay in time, driving up the loan's interest rates.  The loan was supposed to be repaid by the state's planned $12.5-billion energy bond sale to replenish the billions spent from the state budget on electricity this year. But the bond deal is now in limbo, in part because the PUC has refused to take action on a rate agreement that is required for the bond sale to move forward. As a result, a series of escalating interest rates spelled out in the loan deal are being triggered, which will soon force the Department of Water Resources to make payments to the bankers from its reserve.  Davis and Aides Stay Tight-Lipped on Strategy  In a related development, the newly created state public power authority, headed by S. David Freeman, met Friday to consider approving millions of dollars worth of energy conservation and generation projects, but none were adopted because the authority learned it had no money to finance them.  If the bond deal ever takes place, the state may be in a position to meet its financial obligations and possibly lower utility rates, which were raised this year in response to the energy crisis. The state may also have the option of floating a smaller bond, though advisors to the governor called that less likely.  In another action that could reduce rates, Davis administration officials confirmed Friday that they are planning to renegotiate some of the long-term power contracts, as The Times reported Thursday. The contracts have been criticized by consumer groups and some legislators for being inflexible and expensive.  But Davis advisors remained tight-lipped on the specifics, saying only that they have a strategy to convince power companies to open talks.  "I don't think it's real smart to tell you that," said Barry Goode, the governor's legal affairs secretary. 
 State lowers estimate of energy costs Consumers might see rates decrease Lynda Gledhill, Chronicle Sacramento Bureau <mailto:lgledhill@sfchronicle.com> Saturday, October 20, 2001 ?2001 San Francisco Chronicle  URL: <http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2001/10/20/MN39027.DTL>  Sacramento -- The state lowered its estimate yesterday of how much it will cost to buy power -- suggesting that lower rates could eventually be the result.  Officials of the Department of Water Resources said the state will need $17. 2 billion to buy power through the end of 2002 -- about 20 percent less than previously estimated.  The agency began buying power on Jan. 17 when the state's three investor- owned utilities were no longer considered credit-worthy. At the time, prices on the spot market reached upwards of $450 a megawatt hour. Now, however, prices average $30 a megawatt hour.  "Circumstances have changed," said Ron Nichols of Navigant Consulting, which is a consultant to the Department of Water Resources. "Conservation has helped, we think the DWR contracts have established reliability in the market. We have broken the back of the spot market."  Earlier this year, the state signed 56 long-term contracts with various generators to purchase power. Those contracts, which were inked when prices were at their peak, have come under increasing fire from lawmakers and the PUC,  and Gov. Gray Davis' administration acknowledged this week it hopes to renegotiate some of the pacts.  But the contracts represent only about a third of the power the state needs every day. The rest comes from the spot market -- purchases made just a few minutes or hours ahead of when they are needed. Prices on the spot market have dropped, in part because the price of natural gas has taken a nose dive.  It is unclear whether consumers will see any benefit from the lower power costs. If the projections hold, the state could either lower rates or scale back plans to issue $12.5 billion in bonds needed to pay for the energy purchases.  At the same time state energy buyers trumpeted lower costs, they blasted the state Public Utilities Commission for a decision that they say could cost residential and small business consumers $8 billion.  Administration officials and state Treasurer Phil Angelides said a PUC decision to delay the suspension of direct access -- the ability of large businesses to bypass utilities and contract directly with generators for power -- will shift higher costs to smaller customers.  The PUC proposed the ban on direct access in June but didn't adopt the policy until Sept. 20. During that period, the amount of energy large consumers contracted for through direct access increased from 2 percent to 13 percent.  "What's happened here is one of the most damaging things that has happened to consumers during the energy crisis," Angelides said yesterday.  He urged the PUC to reverse its decision, setting the date back to July 1.  But Lorretta Lynch, president of the PUC, said the delay was at the request of the administration and the Legislature.  She also objected to Angelides' numbers, saying that the PUC estimates the direct access load at 8 percent. The commission is awaiting a legal opinion about whether it can make its decision retroactive to July 1, and action will be taken at the next PUC meeting, she said. 
 Uggh.  I think I'm at Stanford that evening. 
  In a speech last night at Standford's Hoover Institution, Abraham announced the money to Upgrade Path 15 and said it should be completed by '03.  Said a consortium of IOUs (including PG&E), munis and generators will participate.   Press is also reporting this morning that Davis administration is confirming that it's trying to rework some of the long-term DWR contracts.   Best, Jeff 
 Sam:  Congratulations.  But I've been informed that the buring chicken in the office kitchen ate up about 10% of the emission credits previously secured for the plant.  The CEC is revising the credit numbers and may have to modify today's decision as a result.  Best,  Jeff  Calif Energy Panel OKs First Step For 1160MW In Projects  10/18/2001 Dow Jones Energy Service (Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)  LOS ANGELES -(Dow Jones)- The California Energy Commission has accepted as "data adequate" applications to build a 900-megawatt power plant and two peaker plants totaling 260 megawatts, a press release said.  The data adequacy vote means an application has been accepted as having sufficient information to proceed with the commission's approval process.  Enron Corp.'s (ENE) Roseville Energy Facility LLC unit has proposed building a 900-MW natural gas-fired plant in Sacramento, Calif., to be online by the fourth quarter of 2004. The construction cost will be $350-$450 million for the combined-cycle project, which will undergo a 12-month review process by the commission.  GWF Energy LLC has applied to build the 169-MW Tracy Peaker Project, a simple cycle plant in the San Joaquin Valley, Calif., that would be online by July 2002. Peaker plants operate during times of high electricity demand.  The company also applied to build the 91-MW Henrietta Peaker Project, 20 miles south of Hanford, Calif., which would consist of two turbine generators and come on line by June 2002.  Electricity generated from the two peaker projects will be sold to the state's Department of Water Resources under a 10-year contract.  -By Jessica Berthold, Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3872; jessica.berthold@dowjones.com 
 Sweetie, what happened?  How'd you hurt your back?  So sorry.  And SO sorry that this isn't working out for anyone.  I really wanted to see you guys and REALLY wanted to ride.  Another day, I guess.  Take care of that back.  Herniated disks are bad, so take care.  Best, Jeff 
 Mike:  Comments looks good.  My only comment is that, in our view, the price cap (which would cover ALL capacity in the secondary market) is simply bad economic policy and won't address any problems--in fact it will only create problems. (From a practical perspective, I'm not even sure that the Commission can successfully "regulate" prices in the secondary market.)  Will the commission change the price cap provisions of the decision based comments advising against them?  Very unlikely.  But when the caps create problems (and they will), I want to have been on record advising the Commission of why caps are bad economic policy and pointing out the bad outcomes that caps will cause.  I think that it's very important to point out the downside of caps and to be on record against them.  That said, I don't want the comments to be so negative as to cloud support for the decision; nor do I think the Commission will change the cap based on our comments.  Other than that, EES and ENA can sign on.  Anyone have any objections to pointing out the fact that price caps are ill-advised?  Best, Jeff 
 You want to handle, or you want me to take a stab at it? 
 Man, makes California look like a second rate circus.  You two are having all the fun.  Surprisingly refreshing to hear that Massey put it to them.  Best, Jeff  PS  I want you two to be the first to know I'm leaving....... 
 Hey man, how goes it?  Does this mean that you'll be supporting its adoption?  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you. 
 Lad:  Sorry that I didn't respond.  I'm travelling.  Please call me on my cell phone 415.505.6633, or page me at 888.916.7184.  I'll be available beginning about 6:45 AM tomorrow.  Generally, there's going to be considerable support for the Bilas decision--at least from the lion's share of folks who made up the core of the settlement.  Best, Jeff 
 You mean Bob Lane? 
 apparently named by W himself as THE negotiator... 
 I'll get it.  He's in Boston now. 
 Dude:  I need your phone number, pronto! 
 Bob's number is:  617.567.8877.  It's his home number.  Feel free to call him there.  Best, Jeff 
 We're ready when u are.  best, jeff 
 FYI.  Appears now that the option some customers have to put facilities to us is viewed as a negative.  Best, Jeff 
 Yes. September 20. 
 Here's a start.  Be happy to add.  Just let me know.  Best, Jeff  CPUC--	Geoff Brown--Commissioner Paul Clanon--Chief, Energy Division General Counsel (don't know name)  CEC--	Chairman of Commission Chief of power plant siting department Person in charge of "green marketing" (Stacey Bolton will know who the person is)  Enviros--	Ralph Cavanagh, NRDC, SF Dan Kirshner, EDF, Oakland V. John White, Sierra Club, Sacramento  Consumer reps--Mike Florio, TURN, SF Michael Shames, UCAN, San Diego 
 Oh boy. 
 Bob's home number might be 617.567.8871 (rather than 8877).  His cell phone is 415.713.4473.  Best, Jeff 
 Going down to Fielder's for a bar-b-que tonite, watch a little TV and get this thing settled.  Seriously, he and I have traded messages today.  When we hook up, I'm going to ask him when we can meet and get this settled.  I'll let you know what he says as soon as I hear back.  Best, Jeff 
 Left a message for Mark.  He's out today and will call me back tomorrow.  Best, Jeff 
 Talked to Fielder.  He's willing to meet.  Jeff 
 No problem.  If you need anything else, just let me know. 
 Thanks.  Look forward to talking soon.  Don't work too hard.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  See you tomorrow night in the tah moh. 
 Fielder agreed to sit down and talk as soon as we'd like. He said that his "legal and tariff guys" told him that "they're on solid ground"; but John admitted that doesn't mean that Edison "is right." I told him that his lawyers and tariff people may think they're on solid ground with the PUC, but that in no way means that an appellate or ("god forbid) bankruptcy judge will concur with either Edison or the PUC. I stressed that we weren't interested in meeting to re-hash our respective positions and that we wanted a meeting where we and they come to the table with constructive, good faith options to resolve the issue. He said that he'd be willing to do that (though most deeply discount anything Edison says these days). He suggested that we start without lawyers.  I said that we could do that, but that I'd have to check. I told him that we'd try to get back to him sometime today regarding what we'd like to do.  Possible to discuss briefly?  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, Jeff.  Ross, when you get a chance, give me a call at 415.782.7822.  Best, Jeff 
 I can be on.  You want me to join?  Just let me know. You can call me on my cell phone 415.505.6633.  Best, Jeff 
 In case Linda didn't forward.  Best, Jeff 
 Send what?  Nothing was attached. 
 Let' s discuss. 
 Jeff:  Ross is out for the week.  Is there someone who Ross works for that I could contact?  Thanks much.  Best, Jeff 
 That ain't gonna do it, in my view.  We're going to need to be creative.  Figure what number we'll take and how we'll take it and get out.  Note that Edison is going to be very wary of showing any "preferential treatment," lest another creditor get wind of it and yank them in on an involuntary.  I'm going to call Tribolet and get his thoughts.  I'll let you know what he says.  Best, Jeff 
 knock 'em dead, buddy.  jeff 
 I'll check on reviving the unbundling, but I think they've begged off of that for now.  In their most recent BCAP, they do propose to implement a customer-only open season on their backbone.  You have that proposal?  And having SoCal buy for SDG&E seems somewhat likely.  I can check on that.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings.  We ever hear back from Richard regarding whether we agreed to any time frame for delivering documents?  Best, Jeff  PS Remind me to thank Forbes for that great article (not). 
 got message.  will call u shortly.  jeff 
 Elizabeth: Let me know it this works, or if you need anything else.  Best, Jeff ********************************************************************* Fallout in California    PG&E remains in bankruptcy  The company's proposed plan of reorganization places the bulk of its gas and electric assets under FERC jurisdiction, leaving distribution under control of the California PUC   The California PUC and Edison reached agreement designed to keep Edison out of bankruptcy  On the heels of a failed legislative effort to return Edison to solvency, the California PUC has agreed to a rate plan to permit Edison to pay its creditors   The Davis administration still can't agree on a plan to use utility rates to reimburse the State's General Fund and pay for long-term power contracts  California used about $12.5 billion of taxpayer dollars to buy power on behalf of the state's cash-strapped utilities and signed more than $45 billion in long-term contracts  Unless California devises a plan to finance its foray into the energy business, California could turn its energy crisis into a fiscal crisis   California suspends the only successful piece of its failed restructuring scheme--customer choice  Fearful that customers will find better prices for power than it can provide, the State decided to temporarily suspend Direct Access in California and force customers to remain with the utility  The suspension is very controversial, prompting market participants to threaten litigation in the attempt to get Direct Access reinstated in California 
 Jean:  Pebble Beach sounds great.  Let me know when you can fit it in your schedule.  Give me a call when you have a minute and we can decide how to arrange a meeting.  Greatly appreciate your help.  Best, Jeff 
 We better get tickets now? 
 Thanks.  Boy, am I glad I've sat on that '94 cab.  Wow! 
 Dude: Please let me know all the various costs that you've incurred on our behalf and not been compensated for.  I know we owe you $65(?) dollars for the guitar.  Is there anything else?  Let's play soon.  Best, Jeff 
 Is there any question?  I'll leave to Steve to structure the deal.  As I recall, Montavano, Shapiro and I usually make up one team, but I'm willing to switch around a bit.  Best, Jeff 
 No problem.  Thanks for the update.  You know how to reach me when you've got it pulled together.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  Is it safe to say, from you notes, that DealBench is "winding down?"  Best, Jeff 
 Atlanta-6 SD-4 Miamia-8 Minn-3 NYG-12 Phil-13 Pitt-2 Balt-5 Jack-11 Denver-9 NYJ-10 Oak-14 GB-7 SF-1 St. Louis-15 
  Dan Walters: As California's malaise deepens, Gray Davis' standing plummets    (Published Oct. 7, 2001)  A year ago, Gray Davis was riding high -- because Californians were prosperous, confident about their future and thus supportive of the political status quo.  Davis' high approval ratings had little to do with his actual performance, or any personal affection among Californians for their cool and distant governor. He was just the fortunate beneficiary of good times and good feelings.  Today, a dark cloud has descended on the state. A sharp decline in the economy, particularly high-tech sectors, a stubborn energy crisis and, most recently, the terrorist hijackings and murderous crashes of California-bound airliners have left Californians worried about their personal safety and economic security, and they're looking for someone to blame.  Davis' approval ratings began to decline early this year as the energy crisis hit home and it became apparent that he had failed to take the initiative in heading off the worst aspects of the situation. And they have continued to sag, thus presenting the governor with a series of interlocking tests as he begins his campaign for re-election in 13 months.  The seriousness of Davis' decline was underscored late last month in a statewide Field Poll indicating that, at the moment, most California voters would prefer former Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan to Davis. History indicates that Davis should still be favored to win a second term, but if Riordan does become the Republican candidate, he would have at least an outside chance of unseating Davis.  Davis' chief problem is that he will be running for re-election in what will almost certainly be sharply declining economic circumstances, the product of a slowdown already under way and the plummeting consumer confidence in the wake of the terrorist hijackings. State tax revenues are in a nosedive, running a billion dollars under projections in the first three months of the fiscal year, and Davis will be compelled to make multibillion-dollar slashes in state spending that will irritate important constituent groups.  How big the state budget hole will become is anyone's guess. There's a distinct tendency for state revenues to plummet far faster and further in an economic downturn than official forecasts, just as they rise faster and higher in a recovery than the bean counters project. Some analysts believe that Davis' problem could rival the $14 billion deficit that predecessor Pete Wilson confronted in 1991. Wilson swallowed hard and agreed to the largest state tax increase in American history.  However large the state's fiscal problem may be, it will be much, much larger if the state money Davis spent on power purchases this year cannot be recovered from a proposed bond issue. And the $12.5 billion bond issue is on indefinite hold because the Public Utilities Commission, consumer groups and Pacific Gas and Electric are opposing the administration's demand that past and future power purchases be covered by ratepayers without review.  It's apparent now that the long-term contracts the administration signed are much too expensive, which is why Davis' own appointees to the PUC are balking. Davis could try to renegotiate the contracts, but that would be admitting that he and his advisers erred in the first place. Or he could accept the Legislature's proposal, contained in legislation on his desk, that only past power purchases be guaranteed and that future contracts be subjected to the scrutiny that private utilities' purchases must receive. But Davis is insisting that he'll veto the measure.  The effect of the current flap over bonds and power contracts, as well as Davis' months-long effort to provide a bailout for financially strapped Southern California Edison, and his lackadaisical performance earlier in the energy game, will undermine the governor's claim for a second term. He comes across as someone who dithered when he should have acted, and signed too-expensive contracts even as the power market was contracting. That, and Californians' increasing apprehension about their future, will make his re-election a much dicier prospect than he had envisioned.  _____  The Bee's Dan Walters can be reached at (916) 321-1195 or dwalters@sacbee.com <mailto:dwalters@sacbee.com>. 
 If you're referring to the Tues/Thur call, we've talked some and thought we'd go to once per week with Sacramento folks having the option of callling in, since the Legislature's gone until January. You have thoughts on the Monday call?  That one may not be as critical anymore.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  I guess Davis' people think that we'll back off if they put someone from Texas in charge.  Perhaps they're looking for someone who knows Pat Wood.  Be useful to find out if she knows him.  Best, Jeff 
 Yes.  But I'm not sure what it is. 
 Thanks very much for your help on this. 
 Any time.  Just call. 
 sigh.... 
 Agreed.  Karen, can you and I talk briefly before you call Ken? Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks very much. 
 I'll be in the office very shortly.  My converstation with Fielder (SCE SVP I've been talking to about the PX credit) yesterday afternoon regarding the settlement was not very fulfilling:   he said there's still disagreement about what they owe us for the PX credit he made a point to include in our conversation the provision in the settlement that requires Edison to "cooperate" with the AG and the PUC in litigation against generators/marketers  I told him that we needed to get the payment issue resolved very quickly.  He said that they needed a day or two to regroup and that they intended to call each and every creditor to discuss next steps.  Michael:  I call you soon as I get in--next 15-30 minutes.    Best,  Jeff 
 come on, you're kidding, right? 
 Kip:  Thanks for taking the time to talk.  Here's the quote and the cite from Ang= elides re: state position in the event bond issuance stalls.  If there's an= ything you need, don't hestitate to call me at 415.782.7822.  Please confir= m that you got this, since I'm not sure if I have your email address right.  Best, Jeff  ***************************************************************************= ******* "The Administration does not project that the State will need to make addit= ional State loans to support the DWR Power Supply Program even if DWR does = not issue its revenue bonds as planned during the 2001-02 fiscal year. DWR = projects that its funds on hand at the date of this Official Statement and = projected revenues appear to be sufficient to finance the Power Supply Prog= ram. The cash needs of the Power Supply Program depend, among other things,= on future power purchase costs, the timing and amount of revenues from pow= er sales, the availability of additional interim loans, and the timing of t= he issuance of revenue bonds by DWR. The Power Supply Act limits loans and = advances from the State under the Power Supply Act after November 15, 2001,= to amounts required for short-term cash flow purposes of no more than $500= million in the aggregate and requires repayment within 180 days. However, = the Governor has the power under the Emergency Services Act to order additi= onal loans or other advances to DWR if needed to further mitigate the emerg= ency.  =09The State expects to maintain adequate cash reserves to fund its normal = operations during the 2001-02 fiscal year whether or not DWR repays the Sta= te loans during the fiscal year. The State plans to issue short-term notes = to assure that adequate cash balances are maintained. The State has regular= ly issued short-term debt in the past to meet its cash flow needs. See 'Sta= te Indebtedness-Cash Flow Borrowings.'"  (California Treasurer's Office, Preliminary Official Statement, August 31, = 2001, $5,700,000,000 State of California 2001-02 Revenue Anticipation Notes= , Appendix A, p. A-4) (emphasis added.) 
 No Steffes?  Talk to you at 1.  Best, Jeff 
 I just talked to Kip Lipper--works for Byron Sher, but Burton relies on him alot.  He's drafting the letter that Burton will send to Loretta re: what to do about DA.  I've given Kip the quotes from Angelides re: State's fiscal position will remain STRONG through JULY 2001 irrespective of whether the bonds are issued.  Kip was not aware of the quotes and was anxious to get them. I reminded Kip that the only reason anyone's given to suspend DA is the urgent need to issue the bonds, but now, even the Treasurer has admitted that there is no urgency to issue the bonds. I told Kip that the letter to Loretta should say 1) there is no longer any need to suspend DA whatsoever, 2) the PUC should commence ratemaking proceedings immediately to ensure that there is no cost-shifting to small rez and biz customers as a result of DA and 3) the PUC should deliver to the Legislature a study recommending any enhancements, modifications, etc. that should be made to the program to ensure that DA is maintained while ensuring that granny is not harmed.  He said he would see what he could do and said that he would likely get back to us.  There is a concerted effort underway to get the PUC to reject outright at tomorrow's meeting the rate agreement between DWR and the PUC, and DWR's proposed rev. req.  The reason:  no urgency anymore.  Let's take a little time and get it right.  Best, Jeff 
 If it's possible to talk around 3 pm California time for about 10-15 minutes, that would be great.  Would need to get Jim and Rick on the call, too.  Don't break your back, but would be very good if we could arrange it.  Just let me know.  Thanks a million.  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you.  I was trying to get the number from Barry. 
 Give a call when you get in. Let's discuss this further in prep for my follow-up call with Fielder tomorrow.  Best, Jeff 
 That's helpful.  Thanks.  Needed a time frame.  Today's going to be very interesting. Should be able to get you something before 10; before noon, max.  Best, Jeff 
 will do. 
 Interesting assist from Jones? 
 Thanks a bunch. 
 Thanks.  Don't hesitate if there's anything else.  We're trying to get Bilas and Duque on board.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks and see you soon.  Could you leave your phone number on my work voice mail.  415.782.7822? Best, Jeff 
  Firms Push Edison Near Bankruptcy   Energy: Power generators ask firm to spell out how they will be repaid hundreds of millions of dollars for purchases under deregulation plan.  By NANCY VOGEL and JERRY HIRSCH TIMES STAFF WRITERS  September 29 2001  SACRAMENTO -- Five big energy companies owed hundreds of millions of dollars by Southern California Edison pushed the utility a step closer to bankruptcy Friday by asking Edison to sign an agreement spelling out how each will be repaid.  The companies demanded that Edison meet with them within two weeks to work out a repayment plan and implied that otherwise they would drag the Rosemead-based utility into Bankruptcy Court. Under federal law, any three creditors can force a company to file for bankruptcy if they are owed a combined $10,775. The five generating companies collectively are owed hundreds of millions of dollars, although the exact total is not known.  The letter was a significant step in maneuvering over Edison's fate--a dance that has gone on for months but now appears to be nearing its close. Edison has been reaching deals with some of its creditors, but has kept others waiting. Some power generators, in turn, have been threatening to push Edison into bankruptcy, although so far only Mirant Corp. and Reliant Energy have publicly embraced that idea. And Gov. Gray Davis and legislative leaders have continued to debate a plan that the governor believes could avoid a bankruptcy.  The letter, sent by William Bates III, a Palo Alto attorney representing the five power generators, expressed frustration that Edison so far has been unwilling to work out a repayment plan with large power producers. Under the Edison rescue plan that the Legislature debated and ultimately adjourned without passing earlier this month, Edison would have settled with its smaller creditors but been left with $1 billion in debt to big power sellers.  "This group of creditors is significant in both number and amount and deserves and requires to be dealt with as such," says the letter to Edison's private attorney, Thomas B. Walper of Munger, Tolles & Olson in Los Angeles.  "We would be willing to discuss any ideas SCE has" about an agreement to repay its debt, the letter continues, "but we don't want to waste anybody's time. Thus, as a first step we want to know whether SCE is interested in negotiating. . . . Please give us a simple 'yes' or 'no' answer to that question.  "Of course, we reserve all our rights and remedies in the event that SCE does not want to meet on these terms or we cannot reach a mutually satisfactory agreement," Bates wrote.  The five companies are Reliant, Mirant, Dynegy Corp., Enron Corp. and Puget Sound Energy, which is the biggest investor-owned utility in Washington state.  Edison officials refused to comment.  The frustration on the part of the power generators appeared to mount Tuesday, when Edison announced that it had reached an agreement to pay off its $14-million debt to the city of Long Beach, which sold Edison electricity produced at a trash-fueled power plant on Terminal Island.  Edison has also reached repayment plans with many small and renewable power producers who collectively are owed $1.2 billion.  "Edison can take steps to assure that all creditor classes are treated equally," said Richard Wheatley, a spokesman for Reliant Energy in Houston, which is owed $100 million to $200 million by Edison.  A spokesman for Atlanta-based Mirant, which is also owed more than $100 million, sounded a similar note. "It is time SCE made clear when, how much and even if it is going to pay us," Patrick Dorinson said.  So far, other creditors have balked at the idea of pushing Edison into bankruptcy, believing that a judge would probably consider a bankruptcy petition premature until after the Legislature meets Oct. 9 in a special session to deal exclusively with Edison's plight.  Davis, who insists that Edison should not be allowed to file for bankruptcy, ordered the new session earlier this month after legislators adjourned without passing any legislation that would shrink Edison's debt.  Other Creditors Take Notice  Senate leader John Burton, (D-San Francisco), has said that any such bill would have to guarantee that the burden of paying off the utility's $3.9-billion debt does not fall on homeowners and small-business owners.  The letter from the five generators caught the attention of other creditors who have so far played along with SCE's strategy of winning a legislative rescue.  "From our perspective, the days of luxury for Edison are over," said John Moorlach, Orange County treasurer. The county holds $1 million of defaulted SCE bonds in its retirement plan.  Moorlach said he believes that if SCE does not quickly reach an agreement with the generators, they will push the utility into Bankruptcy Court.  "By doing this, the generators are trying to show that they are making a good-faith effort to reach a settlement first," Moorlach said.  But Jay Lawrence, spokesman for the Renewable Energy Creditors Committee, said his members believe the move by the generators shows they have backed off from an immediate involuntary bankruptcy petition filing, at least while they try to open negotiations with SCE.  "We still want to see a legislative solution, and we are against bankruptcy," Lawrence said.  Edison provides electricity to 11 million people. It racked up the $3.9-billion debt over the past year as it purchased high-priced electricity in the fledgling market California created under a 1996 deregulation plan. The state's deregulation plan included a rate freeze that barred Edison from passing the full cost of the power it bought on to customers.  By January, Edison's debt had grown so heavy that power sellers refused to deal with the utility. The state had to step in with taxpayer money to keep electricity flowing. So far, the state has spent $10.7 billion on power purchases.  Edison's counterpart in Northern California, Pacific Gas & Electric, suffered the same financial squeeze in the state's dysfunctional market. PG&E took itself into bankruptcy in April.  The generators' demand came on a day when Edison officials said they were close to winning an agreement from bankers to delay collecting on $200 million in loans until Oct. 19.  Shares of Edison International, the parent company of Southern California Edison, rose almost 5% Friday to close at $13.16 on the New York Stock Exchange.  *  Times staff writer Nancy Rivera Brooks contributed to this report. 
 can we make it 6 your time, 4 my time for the call?  jeff 
 FYI. 
   "The Administration does not project that the State will need to make addit= ional State loans to support the DWR Power Supply Program even if DWR does = not issue its revenue bonds as planned during the 2001-02 fiscal year. DWR = projects that its funds on hand at the date of this Official Statement and = projected revenues appear to be sufficient to finance the Power Supply Prog= ram. The cash needs of the Power Supply Program depend, among other things,= on future power purchase costs, the timing and amount of revenues from pow= er sales, the availability of additional interim loans, and the timing of t= he issuance of revenue bonds by DWR. The Power Supply Act limits loans and = advances from the State under the Power Supply Act after November 15, 2001,= to amounts required for short-term cash flow purposes of no more than $500= million in the aggregate and requires repayment within 180 days. However, = the Governor has the power under the Emergency Services Act to order additi= onal loans or other advances to DWR if needed to further mitigate the emerg= ency.  =09The State expects to maintain adequate cash reserves to fund its normal = operations during the 2001-02 fiscal year whether or not DWR repays the Sta= te loans during the fiscal year. The State plans to issue short-term notes = to assure that adequate cash balances are maintained. The State has regular= ly issued short-term debt in the past to meet its cash flow needs. See 'Sta= te Indebtedness-Cash Flow Borrowings.'"  (California Treasurer's Office, Preliminary Official Statement, August 31, = 2001, $5,700,000,000 State of California 2001-02 Revenue Anticipation Notes= , Appendix A, p. A-4) (emphasis added.) 
 I think ours has bigger issues associated with it... 
 thanks so much. please call me at office.  best, Jeff 
 Just found out that the best way to reach Bob Lane is on his cell phone at: 415-713-4473.  Best, Jeff 
 I'll give you a call.  Man, were you all over NPR or what with that Telco story?  Give my best to Tina.  Best, Jeff 
 yes.  send through. 
 Attemps are still underway to persuade the California PUC not to suspend DA at today's meeting. However, the best information we have at this time is that the PUC will suspend DA today, but will not suspend DA retroactively. As best we can tell, if the PUC suspends, it will suspend DA effective today, September 20th. In addition, there is a considerable effort underway--from both ends of the spectrum--to persuade the PUC to reject 1) the proposed rate agreement between the PUC and DWR and 2) the proposed "revenue requirement" that DWR submitted to the PUC.  We'll report back with the results of the PUC business meeting as soon as we hear them.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings Colleen: I'm not sure who's still working on this and who's not, but sometime back, we did a very extensive effort with Tim Hamilton and the rest of the EES team to get all information compiled regarding OFOs behind PG&E and SoCalGas.  I'm hoping that that information still exists so we can hopefully avoid recreating the wheel.  If, for some reason, the information is lost, the good news is that all OFO tariffs are compiled and easily retrievable on the SoCalGas' and PG&E's websites.  Please let me know how else we can help.  Best, Jeff 
 It appears that Davis has officially called the Legislature back to try to address the Edison issue.  Appears they'll reconvene beginning next Tuesday.  We'll report back when we get additional information.  There are some rumors going around that they might meet and simply appoint a "task force" comprised of legislators to continue working on the issue.  Burton is reported to have said that he's telling senators who are on vacation that "this isn't worth cancelling a vacation over."  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings.  Did you folks ever send a letter to the PUC?  If so, is it possible to get a copy?  Best, Jeff 
 Given that 1) the PUC has quite a few important issues on its agenda and 2) the PUC meeting will likely coincide with our regularly scheduled meeting time, we'll reschedule our 11:30 AM PDT call to 3 PM PDT for today only.  With the Legislature adjourned (thankfully), we'll re-assess the need for a twice-weekly call and get back to folks.  The potential for a 3rd extraordinary session may affect what we do.  If you have any questions, don't hesitate to call.  Best, Jeff 
 So I'm assuming that you support the plan?  Best, Jeff 
 You're a better consumer advocate than apologist.  I'll resend the document first thing in the AM.  Best, Jeff 
 You should contact Tim directly.  There is a tariff section on each website and a search function using key words.  The utilities issue reports on OFO incidents, and Tim should have those as well.  Let me know if there's anything we can do.  Best, Jeff 
 Bet Mike ain't thrilled about not being the firm to draft this...How's it look thus far? 
 FYI.  You know if Tim's still at Enron?  I haven't heard from him for quite some time. Best, Jeff 
 Can you reschedule this to 3 PM our time?  Mucho Appreciado.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Sharon: Our asst. Joseph Alamo (415.782.7841) will work with you to arrange a call.  Thanks to you both for you help.  Best, Jeff 
 Oh joy. 
 See list of folks below.  I'll forward you another email with the name of Jeremy's asst., with whom you'll need to coordinate to get a call set up for later today.  Thanks very much for your help.  From our  side, please include Sue and Rick and me.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Per my voicemail--response from Jeremy regarding our approach to last week's PUC decision.  We'll set up a call for later in the day.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 Will do.  Jeff 
 Sounds good. Just let me know if you'd like to set up the call, or if you'd like me to do it.  Best, Jeff 
 will do. 
 415.228.4550 code 92105 
 Talked to Mark.  First thing he has to do is convince Davis' lawyers that his companies' client list (which includes TW) shouldn't conflict him out of working on DWR gas deals. He should have that figured out by this week--sounds like he may have to make some decisions about his current client list and working for DWR. I told him that we'd like to sit down as soon as possible to discuss opportunities for us to help out DWR with its gas needs. He said that he'd be happy to do that, once he's got all conflict issues worked out with the Governor's office. He's going to get back to me to set up a meeting; and if I don't hear from him by Monday/Tuesday of next week, I'll call him back to set up a meeting. I'm assuming that you'd be part of that meeting? I asked him what sort of deals they're working on. As you likely know, some of the contracts permit DWR to either 1) provide gas to the plant providing DWR power under the power contract or 2) manage the plant's fuel supply.  So they're looking to get "soup-to-nuts" supply service for those contracts that include a fuel-supply option.  Best, Jeff 
 u wanna go? 
 Thanks.  We do not have internet access here.  Would you please see if they= post a more detailed version of the proposal, and, if so, distribute.  Tha= nks.  (This is going to blow the roof off in California.)  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  This is likely to create a considerable stir in California.  Let the = games begin...  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 Greetings.  E296-1 is not showing up in my account.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI 
 Sounds good. Best, Jeff 
 415.782.7854.  Thanks alot.  Best, Jeff 
 Getting alot of inquiries.  The PUC has not yet voted on suspension of DA or related matters. Likely to get to those items on the agenda within the next 30-60 minutes. Looks as if the decision will 1) suspend DA beginning Sept. 20th and 2) include contract renewal in the suspension. In addition, it appears that the proposal would give the Commission some latitude to enact retroactivity back to July 1 if deemed necessary (this is unclear and we're trying to get more details on this provision). Three key senators have sent a a letter to the PUC asking the PUC to provide recommendations to the Legislature on the conditions under which DA should be re-instated (since the letter is dated September 18th--though sent only yesterday--it appears that the Senate had an idea that the PUC was going to suspend).  KEEP IN MIND THAT THE DECISION HAS NOT BEEN VOTED ON YET AND THE PROVISIONS LISTED ABOVE MAY CHANGE.  We'll report back as soon as something happens.  For folks who want to listen in, the number is:  415.228.4550 code = 92105  Best, Jeff 
 I got the "joke." 
 Is there an attachment? 
 You interested in these messages? 
 Unless there's an issue, I'll call Fielder first thing this morning.  I'm not seeing any upside to us rattling any sabers regarding bankruptcy, however.  We'd likely take a very significant reputational and political hit by taking them in---or suggesting that we would take them in, for that matter.  Reliant and Mirant have been rattling theirs for a very long time---with no concrete action to back them up.  They would of course love to have Enron "lead the charge."  I would recommend that we not play that card right now and let Reliant and Mirant go forward if they choose.  Best, Jeff 
 My lapton is not working so I do not have access to my usual mail lists.  Apologies.   About 1 AM this morning, Burton closed down the Senate without voting out the Edison MOU. Burton said there weren't the votes for it (which is true; there were about 6 votes for the MOU in the Senate), and he didn't want to "embarrass" Davis. Burton said that there weren't the votes because the vote was a giveaway to big business, a corporate bailout, and a bad deal for consumers. Davis responded by saying 1) the Assembly did a good job, 2) the Senate failed to do its job and 3) Davis would call a special session to start all over again and try to get an MOU.  The special session would begin in about 2 weeks. Davis said that Edison promised him they wouldn't take themselves into voluntary bankruptcy in the interim.  A press account and Davis' statement are attached.  Best,  Jeff  GOVERNOR DAVIS COMMENTS ON FAILURE OF SENATE TO APPROVE EDISON LEGISLATION  Will Call 3rd Special Session to Keep Edison from Bankruptcy  SACRAMENTO  Governor Gray Davis made the following comments after legislation designed to restore Southern California Edison to creditworthiness failed to win approval in the California State Senate.  "I am proud of the work done by the Assembly to get the State out of the business of buying electricity by restoring Edison to creditworthiness. Unfortunately, however, the Senate has not gotten the job done.  "It is critical to keep Edison solvent so that we do not lose 3,000 Megawatts of power from renewable energy and small power producers. We worked hard to bring this energy, which was crucial in avoiding blackouts, back on-line earlier this summer.  "I will call a Third Extraordinary Session, which will begin in approximately two weeks, so that Edison can avoid bankruptcy. Edison has assured me that it will not seek bankruptcy and that it believes that its creditors will continue to show restraint."    ###    California Senate adjourns without voting on plan to save struggling utility JENNIFER KERR, Associated Press Writer Saturday, September 15, 2001 ?2001 Associated Press  URL: <http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/news/archive/2001/09/15/national0541EDT0485.DTL>  (09-15) 02:57 PDT SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) --  The state Senate adjourned early Saturday without voting on a plan to rescue Southern California Edison from bankruptcy, and Gov. Gray Davis called an emergency legislative session for next month to try again to help the struggling utility.  As the California Legislature rushed to pass hundreds of bills and finish the 2001 session, a $200 million program to help the state's neediest schools won approval. So did bills to give driver's licenses to immigrants seeking citizenship and improve working conditions for shepherds.  But senators remained cool to Davis' idea of bailing out Southern California Edison. They failed to vote on the measure after it was approved last week by the Assembly, which also adjourned early Saturday.  "We didn't take it up because we didn't want to embarrass the governor," said President Pro Tem John Burton. "It would have been a rip-off of residential people to help big business and bail out a corporation."  The deal's quiet death closed more than five months of work since Davis first announced the plan in April, saying the state would pay $2.76 billion for Edison's transmission system and let the utility sell consumer-backed bonds to repay the rest of its $3.9 billion debt.  Without the deal, Edison faces bankruptcy along with Pacific Gas and Electric Co., the state's largest utility. The company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in April, after amassing about $8.9 billion in debt due to last year's sky-high electricity costs. Edison says it has accrued $3.9 billion in debts.  The special session is meant to take another shot at saving Edison from sliding into bankruptcy.  "I am proud of the work done by the Assembly to get the state out of the business of buying electricity by restoring Edison to creditworthiness," Davis in a statement after midnight Saturday. "Unfortunately, however, the Senate has not gotten the job done."  The new school-improvement program would provide grants of $400 per student to schools with the state's lowest test scores. They will have nearly four years to improve scores or face sanctions as severe as closing the school.  The shepherd bill would give people who watch sheep some of the basic working conditions that other workers have in state law. Those include a 10-minute rest break for every four hours of work, tools paid for by the employer and toilets, lights and water in housing.  It also would put into state law a $1,050-a-month minimum wage for sheepherders.  While legislators toiled, Tuesday's terrorist attacks were never far from their minds.  Davis joined the Assembly for a brief memorial service that included a procession of lawmakers handing in letters they had written expressing their feeling about the attacks.  The Legislature approved sending $1 million from the California Victim Compensation fund to a similar program in New York to help victims of the terrorist attacks.  The letters will be printed in a special Assembly Journal.  "Here in California, our job is to keep the peace and preach tolerance," said Davis.  ?2001 Associated Press 
 Wood say issue of contract renewal put off for further examination?  jeff 
 FYI. 
 PLZ CALL.  DIDN'T GET WHETHER RENEWAL IS COVERED OR NOT.  JEFF 415.505.6633. 
 let me no how dunn call goes.  415.505.6633.  jeff 
 FYI. 
 Great.  I'll be there.  Stop by, or call me at 415.505.6633, or 916.448.8240.  Best, Jeff 
 Happy to help.  All the best.  Jeff 
 no need for invoice.  Thanks again for taking care of it.  Best, Jeff 
 Please disregard last note.  296 is in my account.  Best, Jeff 
 voted out date of 9.20.01.  trying to determine ability to go back to july 1 and whether renewal is clearly covered.  jeff 
 Will let you know as soon as we get it figured out.  Best, Jeff 
 Hear you're in London.  Hope you're OK.  Unfathomable tragedy.  We're going to hold our 11:30 call in an attempt to maintain a sense of normalcy.  Call will be brief.  With respect to Hap, John's asked me to hold off talking to him until John signals.  I agreed.  I'll keep you posted.  The State Capitol is closed down completely today.  Be safe.  Best, Jeff 
 The commission suspended Direct Access effective September 20th. The decision orders the utilities to stop accepting DASRs for contracts executed after 9.20.01. But astonishingly, the language in the proposed decision states that the Commission will take more time to consider whether the effective date should be pushed back to July 1.  In short, that battle continues. How the Commission will proceed in continuing to consider retroactivity is uncertain at this time. The Commission held over until its next meeting the decision regarding the rate agreement between DWR and the PUC.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks very much. Please thank Mark.  Best, Jeff 
  The Commission also delayed a decision on whether contract renewal will be included under the suspension.  Jeff 
 Dan.  You might want to amend.  The decision puts everyone on notice that t= he Commission is going to consider taking it back to July 1---no info on wh= at the decision process would be. =20 Best, Jeff 
 I'm in. Thanks. 
 Thanks.  Sounds alot better than #17. 
 I may have school.  If you could plan for it, I would be greatly indebted. 
 will do.  i'll check my calendar and get right back to you. 
 Please email Joseph Alamo with your fax number if you would like a copy.  Best, Jeff 
 vacation all week. 
 We'll review and let you know.  Thanks and have a good weekend.  Best, Jeff 
 Thank god.  I have a commrade in email humilation.  Thank you, Joseph.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, Scott.  Though the chances of re-kindling a bi-partisan, centrist deal among Rs, Ds and Davis are extremely small.  Richmond (Republican leading Assembly efforts) has agreed to stay in touch with  Bev over the weekend in the very unlikely event that something rekindles between Rs and Ds.  In the meantime, with Davis and the Assembly Ds drifting back to the left, we'll need to redouble our own efforts to make sure we don't lose the ground we've gained.  Scott, are they meeting again on  Monday, or Tuesday?  Best, Jeff 
 Don't know.  I'll find out.  Any sensitivity if we had?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 will do.  traffic permitting, around 7? 
 The Assembly will attempt to pass its version of the Edison MOU (SB 78) out of the Appropriations Committee today. If and when that occurs, the Assembly will also attempt to get the bill passed out of the full Assembly today. It will be a very long putt to get both accomplished today. If and when the Assembly gets the bill out of the Assembly today, the bill will move over to the Senate, where the chances of passage are even more remote. That said, Davis is making a full court press to get the bill passed out of both houses for his signature. Will report back with the events of the Assembly.  Don't hesitate to call if you have any questions (415.782.7822).  Best, Jeff 
 Please update with other info.  Jim 
 Yes, would like a copy.  Thanks. 
 Yes.  Likely not 100% of what you're looking for, but likely some info that will be useful.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm signed up.  Work kept me away.  What happened.  Do I need to be doing anything?  Best, Jeff 
 I absolutely could not BELIEVE that he sent this note. Unreal. 
 Hey.  Work prevented me from going to class at all last nite.  Does the course seem like it will be good?  Were there a million people there?  Chances are very low that I'll get in, but I'm gonna try anyway.  I'm on vacation next week (yeah), but maybe we can catch during the break on the following Tuesday or Wednesday.  Good to see you the other night.  Take care.  Best, Jeff 
 "Democratic leaders may bounce a Kern County lawmaker off a special committee considering a $2.9 billion rescue plan for financially ailing Southern California Edison Co. because he says he probably will vote against the plan. Assemblyman Dean Florez, D-Shafter, said he will resist any move to replace him with another Democrat pledged to vote for the plan." (Bakersfield Californian 8-29-01). 
 Thanks very much.  Greatly appreciated. In response:  --I'm going to stick with 7 units.  Just don't have the time to take on another course.  But appreciate the info and the suggestion.  --I have a backup for Deals.  Thanks again so much for the info.  Best, Jeff 
 See SB 85, below.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks for the info.  No issues at my end.  Best, Jeff 
  FYI.  Figured you'd want to write a letter personally.  Jeff 
 Apologies, but any chance of doing it before noon central, or after 4 pm centra.? 
 Great.  Look forward to the call. 
 Will get back to you. 
 Late last evening the Assembly committee passed its version of the Edison MOU (SB 78). Despite attempts by consumer groups to weaken and/or eliminate the DA provisions in the bill, the bill passed with the DA provisions intact. The DA provisions in the bill that passed out of the committee are essentially the same as those discussed previously (see previous note attached). The Assembly will now attempt to get the bill out of the Appropriations committee today or tomorrow--the expectation is that the bill will make it out of that committee. When and if the bill makes it out of the Appropriations committee, the Assembly will attempt to pass it out of the full Assembly. If it makes it out of the full Assembly, it will then go to the Senate for approval, where the leader of the Senate, John Burton, continues to say publicly that the chances of passage in the Senate are slim. On the PUC front, efforts are underway to stop the PUC from passing the proposal it issued last week. The current PUC proposal would suspend DA retroactive to July 1. In conversations with the Governor's point people in charge of getting the bill passed, they indicated that they are aware of the problems with the PUC proposal and are working to resolve it.  We'll continue to provide updates.  If you have any questions, don't hesitate to contact me at 415.782.7822.  Best, Jeff  **************************************************************************************************************************************** 
 Thank you. 
 Copyright ? The Sacramento Bee <http://www.sacbee.com/about_us/legal>=20   Dan Walters: Edison bailout plan is oddest piece of legislation in recent m= emory    (Published Aug. 29, 2001)=20  Senate Bill 78XX may be the most unusual legislation to hit the Capitol in = decades, in terms of both its content and its convoluted political dynamics= .=20  The measure is the latest incarnation of months-long efforts by Gov. Gray D= avis and some legislators to rescue Southern California Edison from joining= its larger cousin, Pacific Gas and Electric, in bankruptcy court. That is = odd unto itself, since state legislation to openly provide billions of doll= ars in benefits to one private corporation may be unprecedented.=20  Literally dozens of versions of legislation to bail out Edison have floated= around the Capitol, ever since Davis announced last spring that he had rea= ched agreement with John Bryson, chairman of Edison International, the util= ity's parent corporation. The Edison deal was announced just a few days aft= er PG&E rejected Davis' overtures and took itself into bankruptcy court. Bo= th utilities ran up many billions of dollars in debts buying power in the l= ast six months of 2000 because the state rejected their pleas to raise reta= il rates.=20  Edison's -- or perhaps Bryson's -- fear of bankruptcy is another puzzling a= spect of the issue, given the almost cheerful manner in which PG&E placed i= tself in receivership. Edison has spent millions of dollars on lobbying, ad= vertising and other forms of political persuasion, trying to nudge the Legi= slature into passing a rescue plan that lawmakers are clearly reluctant to = do.=20  Is avoiding bankruptcy a matter of personal pride for Bryson? Or, as some s= uggest, does it stem from Edison's tardiness in erecting an impregnable fin= ancial fire wall between the utility's assets and those of the parent holdi= ng company, Edison International? Edison scrambled to build a fire wall aft= er bankruptcy loomed, but financial analysts are uncertain that it's as str= ong as PG&E's.=20  The dynamics within the Capitol and among various interest groups are equal= ly odd, following none of the patterns that usually explain why politicians= do what they do. Legislators of both parties are all over the map on the E= dison issue, and factions that are ordinarily allied find themselves at odd= s. One example: Liberal consumer groups are strenuously opposing any bailou= t for the utility, while liberal environmentalists like the current scheme = because it would bring thousands of acres of Edison-owned Sierra watershed = under state control.=20  Perhaps the most mysterious aspect of the Edison situation is why Davis, or= dinarily the most cautious, commitment-averse of politicians, is making suc= h a crusade of keeping the utility out of bankruptcy court. Why would Davis= put so much of his gubernatorial prestige behind such an iffy proposition = that exposes him to leverage from lawmakers seeking other favors from the g= overnor and, polls indicate, is not popular with voters?=20  Harvey Rosenfield, the consumer gadfly who has established a "war room" nea= r the Capitol to fight the Edison scheme, believes that Davis' unusual effo= rts stem from a desire to run for president in 2004 and a fear that Wall St= reet would blackball him if Edison follows PG&E into bankruptcy court.=20  Another possible explanation is Davis' decades-long relationship with Bryso= n. The two served together in former Gov. Jerry Brown's administration (Bry= son was Brown's Public Utilities Commission president) and both have strong= ties to the Democratic political organization in West Los Angeles headed b= y Reps. Henry Waxman and Howard Berman, who, in effect, allowed Davis to la= unch his career by winning a West Side state Assembly seat in 1982.=20  The most influential member of Edison's board of directors is Warren Christ= opher, a Democratic elder statesman and former secretary of state. Bryson a= nd Christopher flew to Sacramento late last year to plead with Davis to tak= e command of the energy crisis, allow utilities to raise rates and staunch = the red ink. Davis refused, and nearly a year later finds himself trying to= keep Edison out of bankruptcy court.=20  We may never know why Davis is going to bat for Edison, but we will know, v= ery soon, whether he can pull it off or will wind up with egg on his face.= =20  _____ =20   The Bee's Dan Walters can be reached at (916) 321-1195 or dwalters@sacbee.c= om <mailto:dwalters@sacbee.com>. 
 Great idea.  Thanks very much for the info.  Katz is point-person for Davis on the Edison MOU.  Best, Jeff 
 dj interactive 
 With Jim in Sacramento tomorrow, and hearings scheduled to discuss addition= al amendments, seems like a good opportunity for Jim to testify and knock s= ome sense into the damn committee. They won't know what hit 'em. =20 Best, Jeff 
 Thanks very much.  FYI. Steffes is coming to Sacramento tomorrow.  I'll be bringing him back to SF in the PM and he'll be in the office on Thursday and at least part of Friday.  Best, Jeff  PS The meeting's been switched to 2 PM. 
 Hey Delaney.  Please forward to the other business folks (and anyone else whom you think might be interested).  Best, Jeff   > Calpine Benefiting From California Energy Crisis, Official Says > By Daniel Taub > > > San Jose, California, Aug. 28 (Bloomberg) -- Calpine Corp., a California > power producer, has benefited from the state's energy crisis by locking in > ``very favorable margins'' on long-term electricity sales, Senior Vice > President James Macias said. > > About 90 percent of the electricity Calpine is generating this year is being > sold under long-term agreements to the state, Macias said on a conference > call with analysts. A year ago, about 30 percent of Calpine's power was > under contract, he said. > > Calpine, one of the largest U.S. power-plant builders, has been buying > natural-gas fields to supply its power plants, spending about $1.9 billion > from March last year to July to boost gas reserves to 1.5 trillion cubic > feet. It also has bought gas in futures markets to help fix margins on > electricity sales, Macias said. > > ``The California crisis, while not desired, has been a tremendous > opportunity,'' Macias said. ``Calpine may be the only player emerging from > the crisis with no overhang issues. We are emerging stronger than ever.'' > > The long-term contracts have an average ``spark spread,'' or the difference > between revenue and the cost of fuel to generate the electricity, of $26.50 > a megawatt-hour, Macias said. One megawatt-hour is enough energy to light > 750 typical California homes for an hour. > > California has $43 billion in long-term energy contracts with Calpine and > other generators. The state's Department of Water Resources began buying > power on behalf of its three investor-owned utilities in January after the > two largest, owned by PG&E Corp. and Edison International, became insolvent > buying power for more than they were allowed to charge customers. > > San Jose, California-based Calpine expects $16 billion in revenue over the > next 20 years from contracts with the department, PG&E, the city of San > Francisco, the Sacramento Municipal Utility District and other agencies. > Most of the contracts are for 10 years or less. > > PG&E Payment > > Calpine is owed $267 million by PG&E's Pacific Gas & Electric, the state's > largest utility, which filed for bankruptcy protection in April after > accruing $9 billion in power-buying losses. Calpine expects to be paid with > interest after Pacific Gas submits its reorganization plan later this year, > Lisa Bodensteiner, Calpine's general counsel, said on the call. > > Calpine isn't owed money by Edison's Southern California Edison, which is > negotiating a rescue plan with state lawmakers to keep California's No. 2 > utility out of bankruptcy, Macias said. > > Shares of Calpine fell 45 cents to $33.25. They have dropped 26 percent this > year. > -- > *-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-* > > Bentham Paulos > Energy Foundation > ben@ef.org > > > ------------------------ Yahoo! Groups Sponsor ---------------------~--> > FREE COLLEGE MONEY > CLICK HERE to search > 600,000 scholarships! > http://us.click.yahoo.com/zoU8wD/4m7CAA/ySSFAA/TgOolB/TM > ---------------------------------------------------------------------~-> > > To unsubscribe from this group, send an email to: > calrps-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com > > > > Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to http://docs.yahoo.com/info/terms/ > > 
 Name: Federico  Surname: Boschi  Born in Bolgna on 29 December 1963  Address: Via D'Azeglio n. 63 Bologna Italy  Zip code: 40124 Italy  Tel: +39051581275 Mobile: +393356645158   Study: Graduated in economics on 1995, Bologna University; Thesis in Industrial Economics on: liberalization of the Italian electricity industry.  Languages:  Italian   mother language English   Good Spain     sufficient   Business experience (Most relevant);   July 2001 as of today Company:   Acquirente Unico ( a electricity purchasing agency for the whiole Italian captive market)  Position:   Purchase and sales manager; moreover I'm responsible for setting up the risk management office   July 2000 up to June 2001  Institution: Autorita' per l'energia elettrice ed il gas (the Italian energy regulator) Position: officer in the electricity area; Main tasks: a) stranded costs recovery mechanism; b) scarce import capacity allocation criteria c)wholesale market rules (code of dispatching regulation including ancillary services market - including the balancing market - and congestion management mechanism).  March 2000 up to June 2000 Institution: Ministero dell'Industria Position: member of the Minister's technical secretary (advising the Minister on energy issues)  March 1997 up to June 2000 Company: AMI Imola (a water, gas, electricity and waste disposal municipal utility); Position: Responsible for strategic planning;   I also wrote articles on electricity regulation (tariffs, wheeling..) in Italy.    Expectations: As I'm responsible for setting up the trading desk and the risk management office of Acquirente Unico (that is itself a newly constituted company) I would like to improve my knolegde on these issues (resources and skills needed and so on); I would like to understand what could be outsourced and what kind of incentives it requires.   I'm so sorry, That's the best I can do as I'm still on holiday Bye   Federico        __________________________________________________________________ Abbonati a Tiscali! Con VoceViva puoi anche ascoltare ed inviare email al telefono. Chiama VoceViva all' 892 800        http://voceviva.tiscali.it 
 No problem.  Thanks for re-forwarding.  Best, Jeff 
 Apologies, forgot to mention that the "consumer" groups generally don't have a problem allowing Edison to pay off its debt to the QFs. 
 Mike: A few thoughts: Conference calls on issues of this size don't generally seem very constructive, and I'd suggest that we push for a face-to-face with Edison. If the Legislature doesn't get the MOU out well in advance of September 14th, Edison won't be focused, and I'd suggest that we try and reschedule. No matter the forum, the proposal will be tough to get through, even though it makes alot of economic sense.  It's a big change, and big changes don't come easy, no matter the benefits.  That said, no shots, no ducks.  We ought to make a push. The proposal may not be contingent on Legislation. It might be possible to make it happen at the California PUC. Assignment to DWR would be significant and might require legislation (need to ask a QF lawyer). The proposal makes sense for both the IOUs and DWR, since both want as much "headroom" as possible in rates to cover their respective revenue requirements. Given the pending rate agreement between the CA PUC and DWR, and the utilities' messed-up financial position, DWR is clearly the preferable counter party from credit perspective. All that said, none of the above matters much unless the utility, a critical mass of QFs and the PUC's consumer advocate ("ORA") buy into the idea. I'd propose that we continue with Edison. If Edison bites, then go jointly with Edison to persuade the QFs. If the QFs bite, then go jointly with Edison and QF to try to persuade ORA. On the issue of sleeving through the IOU or DWR, it seems useful to remain flexible on that, though absent general support from the IOUs, QFs and ORA, the entity will be academic.  Some preliminary thoughts.  Happy to discuss further.  Best, Jeff 
 Severin:  Good talking to you.  Thanks for taking time out to have lunch with Federico.  I'll be accompanying him.  See you at around 11:45 on Friday.  I'll forward to you shortly some brief information that Federico put together about himself  in advance of his trip to the US.  Best, Jeff  ***************************************************************************************** 
 Sorry, but could you re-email Federico's bio to me.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Let's look some more.  I don't think there's anything that would disqualify any plants. 
 I'd do it if you needed to.  We have a big office there. 
 ignore fax.  wrong bill.  changes to language didn't get made.  new version expected out in about 1 hour.  jeff 
 plz call me asap. jeff. 415.782.7822.  jeff 
 fyi. you can listen to hearing via-internet.  room 4202.  go 2 assembly website at 3 pm, or so. best,jeff 
 u got it yet? also, you can listen via internet.  best, jeff 
 So I'm assuming 1) SB 78 did NOT get out of the Assembly yesterday and 2) Bowen's DA bill did NOT get out of Senate yesterday.  Is that right?  Best, Jeffr 
 I figured that's what happened.  Faxing as we speak. =20 Best, Jeff 
 Also, unless something's changed, the obligation would be tradeable. 
  John: You aware of, know anything about, this?  Best, Jeff   > MOTION SEEKING ORDER OR STAY CANCELING OR SUSPENDING CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT > OF WATER RESOURCES LONG-TERM ENERGY CONTRACTS AND ASSOCIATED IOU RATE > SCHEDULES FOR LACK OF PROPER NOTICE UNDER THE FPA > > Pursuant to Rules 212 of the Rules and Practices and Procedures of the > Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ("FERC"), 18 C.F.R. 385.212, > CAlifornians for Renewable Energy, Inc. ("CARE"), moves for the > Commission's consideration and action to remedy the illegal execution of > long-term energy contracts by the California Department of Water Resources > ("DWR") in regards to the CARE and other party's complaints in EL00-95 > et.al. Under section 205(c) of the Federal Power Act (49 Stat. 851; 16 > U.S.C. 824d(c)) the DWR long-term energy contracts recently disclosed > through legal action by the California legislature and press requires that > these contracts "shall be tendered for filing with the Commission and > posted not less than sixty days nor more than one hundred-twenty days > prior to the date on which the electric service is to commence." We > contend that DWR has failed to comply with the requirements of the FPA in > this matter. The remedy CARE seeks is for the Commission to issue an Order > or Stay canceling or suspending such long-term energy contracts and > associated IOU rate schedules (yet to be submitted to the Commission) > pursuant to FPA section 205 (c). > > DWR disputes its requirements to provide proper notice prior to execution > of said long-term contracts to all the parties to this case and to the > public who have in a statutory and constitutional right to comment on > expenditures of the public's funds in this manner by DWR. In response to > CARE's CPRA request DWR  states the "Department's purchases and sales of > power are exempt from the Federal Power Act because DWR is a state agency. > Section 201(f). To the extent that the Department engages in purchases or > sales with counterparties who are subject to Federal Power Act > jurisdiction, any obligation to file with FERC or otherwise comply with > the Act lies with the counterparty to the contract, and not the > department." > > CARE contends that DWR is acting as an "designated representative" for the > Investor Owned Utilities ("IOUs") in the purchase of energy in California, > pursuant to 18 CFR 35.1 (a), without authorization by the Commission. > >       "In cases where two or more public utilities are required to file > rate schedules or certificates of concurrence such public utilities may > authorize a designated representative to file upon behalf of all parties > if upon written request such parties have been granted Commission > authorization therefore." > > CARE contends these actions by DWR violated the requirements of 18 CFR > 35.1 (4)(e). > >       "No public utility shall, directly or indirectly, demand, charge, > collect or receive any rate, charge or compensation for or in connection > with electric service subject to the jurisdiction of the Commission, or > impose any classification, practice, rule, regulation or contract with > respect thereto, which is different from that provided in a rate schedule > required to be on file with this Commission unless otherwise specifically > provided by order of the Commission for good cause shown." > > CARE contends that ample evidence of DWR's acting as the California IOU's > "designated representative" is provided by DWR's request to the California > Public Utilities Commission ("PUC") for a Revised Revenue Requirement and > Power Purchase Costs Pursuant to Water Code Section 80110 and Public > Utilities Code Section 451 , which is further illustrated by the PUC's > Administrative law Judge's Ruling on the August 7, 2001 Revenue > Requirement of the DWR regarding the IOU S.D.G. & E. applications > 01-10-044, and 01-01-0045 to the PUC , which states: > >       "SDG&E shall present alternative calculations of the required system > average rate increases that (1) collect the DWR-related rate increases > over the remaining 5 quarters of the revenue requirement period set forth > in Table A-6 (i.e., the fourth quarter of 2001 and the four quarters of > 2002), (2) collect the DWR-related rate increases over the next 8 quarters > (i.e., the fourth quarter of 2001, the four quarters of 2002, and the > first three quarters of 2003), and (3) collect the DWR-related rate > increases over the  period from September 1, 2001 through December 31, > 2002." > > Clearly it is the intent of the DWR to act as the IOU's "designated > representative" to seek approval from the PUC "to collect the DWR-related > rate increases". > > CARE reiterates, it is the public policy that public agencies exist to aid > in the conduct of the people's business and that the proceedings of public > agencies be conducted openly so that the public may remain informed. It is > the intent of the law that actions of public agencies be taken openly and > that their deliberation be conducted openly. The people do not yield their > sovereignty to those agencies that serve them.  The people, in delegating > authority, do not give their public servants the right to decide what is > good for the people to know and what is not good for them to know.  The > people insist on remaining informed so that they may retain control over > the instruments they have created. DWR has breached its public duties by > failing to provide for myself, CARE, its members, and other members of the > public, our statutory and constitutional right to comment or protest these > long-term energy contracts executed by DWR, the associated expenditures of > the public's funds, and associated rate increases to California energy > consumers. > > In conclusion the Remedy CARE seeks is for the Commission to issue an > Order or Stay canceling or suspending such long-term energy contracts and > associated IOU rate schedules (yet to be submitted to the Commission) > pursuant to FPA section 205 (c), or under what ever statutory authority as > you deem appropriate. > > Respectfully submitted, >                       Michael E. Boyd President, CARE 8-28-01 (408) > 325-4690 >  <<...OLE_Obj...>> > 
 Getting a little concerned that Borenstein might be on vacation--haven't heard back yet.  Will let you know just as soon as I find out.  Best, Jeff 
 Don't want to leave you in the lurch, though. 
 i'll try to reschedule the dinner if i can. 
 nope.  will keep trying... 
 Can I distribute to the business groups? 
 My understanding is that we'll all try to attend. 
 agreed. 
 The California PUC Loretta Lynch held a press conference in Sacramento today to discuss changes to the Commission's previously released proposal regarding Direct Access and the rate agreement between the PUC and DWR. In the amended proposal discussed and distributed today, Direct Access would end retroactive to July 1.  Customers with contracts executed as of July 1 would would remain Direct Access customers.  The Legislature The Assembly version of the Senate MOU (SB 78) has not yet been reviewed and voted on in the Committee. It is scheduled to be reviewed and voted on at 6:30 PM PDT today. Amendments on Direct Access were released this afternoon (based on negotiations between Davis' office and business customers): Customers who have consistently been DA since May 2000, including those "involuntarily" returned to bundled service, would be exempt from charges for Edison's undercollection, DWR's forward contracts, and DWR-related exit fees, provided that the PUC finds that no additional stranded costs are created for Edison's remaining customers. Customers who have consistently been on DA between May 2000 and Jan 17, 2001 would be exempt from charges for Edison's undercollection, DWR's forward contracts and DWR-realted exit fees, provided that the PUC finds that no additional stranded costs are created for Edison's remaining customers. Customers who have been on DA between Jan 17, 2001 and August 24, 2001 would be exempt from exit fees related to DWR forward contracts, provided that the PUC finds that no additional stranded costs are created for Edison's remaining customers. Customer's leaving after August 24th would not qualify for exemptions. There is considerable work underway to make the August 24th date the deadline for contract execution, rather than the date by which the customer must be DASR'd, in order to qualify for the exemptions. Direct Access would not be suspended, however, until 90 days after the bill is signed by Davis (if he signs it), i.e., the "effective date" of the bill. So anyone going to Direct Access between Aug 24 and the effective date would not qualify for any exemptions. After the 90-day period, DA would be suspended until 1.1.03. Self-gen in service consistently from May 200 to August 24 would be exempt from Edison's undercollection and DWR charges. Self-gen that submitted an application to the Energy Commission by August 24 would be exempt from DWR charges beginning the date that the self-gen comes on line. Self-gen that comes on line after August 24 would be exempt from DWR charges beginning the date that the self-gen comes on line, but the total number of exempt MWs in this category would be limited to 250 MWs per year, on a first-come-first-serve basis. At least 30% of any increases in net short due to increases in demand would be reserved for self gen. 
 will do. 
 Ditto. 
 FYI 
 Those would be the messages.  Short, sweet and to the point.  More info to follow. Best, Jeff 
 The pressure on the PUC is getting strong.  Could be a move by Davis' office to get folks to support the Assembly bill as a preferrable alternative to the July 1 date now included in the PUC draft.  Best, Jeff 
 remove 
 FYI.  Please see note chain. Legislative effort differs considerably from this.  Note on that bill and today's Leg events to follow.  Best, Jeff 
 Mike:  Possible to get a copy of the filing ASAP?  Greatly appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 Got calls in to them.  Will let you know just as soon as I hear a thing.  And, yes, you spelled them correctly.  Best, Jeff 
 thanks. 
 received it.  thanks. 
 FYI.  In case you hadn't seen it.  Interestingly, no mention of the transfer of the gas assets. Best, Jeff PG&E restructuring bid draws state ire By Dale Kasler and Carrie Peyton Bee Staff Writers (Published Sept. 21, 2001)  In a controversial attempt to dig its way out of bankruptcy, Pacific Gas and Electric Co. proposed a radical restructuring Thursday that would pay off its debts but end state regulation of the utility's valuable hydroelectric and nuclear plants. To make the plan work, PG&E asked a U.S. bankruptcy judge to override state laws and regulations governing power-plant ownership -- a request that triggered immediate opposition from California officials. PG&E said the plan, a complicated blend of asset transfers, debt refinancing and corporate spinoffs, would restore the utility's financial health and creditworthiness without requiring additional rate hikes or a state "bailout." Divorcing the utility from its parent company, the plan would pay off the entire $13.2 billion of debt PG&E accumulated during California's poorly executed era of deregulation. The plan, filed in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in San Francisco, had the support of a key block of creditors, including independent energy generators, whose approval is necessary to any reorganization plan. But it ran into immediate opposition from Gov. Gray Davis and other state officials, setting up a potentially fierce battle. Despite PG&E's claims to the contrary, they warned the plan could trigger more hikes because PG&E could charge nearly double the amount it currently charges for electricity from the hydro and nuclear plants. The proposal would have the state Public Utilities Commission relinquish control over those plants to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. FERC "has proven over the last 18 months to be ... no friend of the ratepayer," Davis told reporters Thursday. "The PUC, while far from perfect, has been a stronger advocate for ratepayers than the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. ... I'm very wary of PG&E's proposal to transfer all of its generating capacity from a regulated environment to a non-regulated environment." The PUC vowed to fight the plan in court. "I don't think the judge is going to do it," said PUC President Loretta Lynch. Consumer advocates noted that PG&E has been pushing for years to end state regulation of its hydro plants. "It's complete piracy," said Nettie Hoge, head of The Utility Reform Network of San Francisco. "It's the most audacious thing I've ever seen." Filed six months after the utility sought bankruptcy protection, the plan calls for PG&E to be spun off from PG&E Corp., but the utility would transfer its hydro and nuclear plants and some other assets to the parent. That would violate a state law, passed as a response to the energy crisis, prohibiting utilities from selling any of their generating plants before 2006. The law was intended to keep electricity in California hands at a time when out-of-state generators were charging ultra-high prices to PG&E and Southern California Edison. PG&E acknowledged the conflict with state law but said it will ask the bankruptcy court -- a federal entity -- to override the state law. Legal experts said it's not clear whether a bankruptcy judge would ignore state law, and in prior rulings U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Dennis Montali has sided with state officials. "Any federal court would be very reluctant to go in and override state laws," said influential state Sen. Debra Bowen, D-Marina del Rey, chair of the Senate Energy Committee. Robert D. Glynn Jr., PG&E's chairman, called the transfer a good deal for customers. He said the electricity from those plants would be sold back to the utility at about $50 a megawatt hour -- "the lower end" of current rates -- under a 12-year contract. But that's almost double the existing rates for those plants, critics said. And Gary Cohen, the PUC's general counsel, said the company would be free to charge market rates when the contract runs out, putting utility customers at the mercy of an independent, unregulated generator. "This is more of what got us into this mess to begin with," Cohen said. Despite the friction between PG&E and the state, the plan requires assurance from the PUC that the utility will be allowed to collect its wholesale power costs in the future from ratepayers, regardless of how high they go. Such assurance will make the utility creditworthy again and able to borrow money to fund the reorganization, PG&E said. The plan also requires approval from federal officials and a "yes" vote from a majority of PG&E's creditors, along with Montali. Glynn said the plan could be completed by December 2002, enabling the utility to resume buying electricity. The state has been buying power for PG&E since January, when it became insolvent. While the PUC raised rates an average of 40 percent this year, the reorganization plan doesn't require another rate hike, Glynn insisted. "From the customers' view, this transaction will be seamless," he said. The same should be true for most employees, he said. The PG&E chairman, whose company has feuded with Davis for months, also boasted that PG&E isn't "asking the state for a bailout or a rescue" -- a jab at Davis' as-yet-unsuccessful effort to sell the Legislature on a multibillion-dollar rescue for Edison. It's unclear what impact PG&E's proposal would have on Edison's attempt to avoid bankruptcy. Edison's creditors, already angered that the Legislature adjourned without passing the Davis-backed plan, might conclude that Edison is better off in bankruptcy and could push the Southern California utility into court, analysts said. The PG&E proposal involves a complicated series of property transfers and bond offerings that would leave the current PG&E Corp. split into two separate, publicly-traded companies. The utility company, Pacific Gas and Electric, would become strictly a retailer and would sell other assets -- including its hydro and nuclear plants, transmission wires and gas pipelines -- to PG&E Corp. for $4.06 billion in cash and IOUs. PG&E Corp. shareholders would receive stock in the slimmed-down utility, although the details of the stock transaction haven't been worked out. The bankruptcy proposal represents the fourth time in three years that PG&E has tried to remove its hydro plants from state control. The PUC and Legislature have resisted because of potential impacts on costs and the environment. Despite the criticism, PG&E said removing those assets from regulators' oversight is essential to making the plan work. Why? Because PUC rules limit how much money the utility can borrow against those assets, said utility spokesman Ron Low. If the assets became property of PG&E Corp., the corporation could borrow a lot more money and use the proceeds to pay its debts. Glynn said he's had "in-depth discussions" with investment bankers about issuing new bonds. Also, by removing the generating plants from PUC oversight, the plan can produce more cash for debt repayment, said credit analyst David Bodek of Standard & Poor's Corp. in New York. If state officials fight the plan, "the question arises, 'How do you discharge these (debts)?' " Bodek said. "Here's a plan that does that." The plan would pay creditors $9.1 billion in cash and $4.1 billion in bonds. Creditors with debts of more than $100,000 would get 60 percent in cash and 40 percent in bonds, which will be paid in 10 or more years, said Paul Aronzon, attorney for a committee of unsecured creditors. "There's some credibility here, and it works," Aronzon said of the plan. Gary Ackerman, a spokesman for independent generators, said his group would probably accept the plan, even if it means they have to wait years to get some of their money. Shareholders also endorsed the plan. PG&E Corp.'s stock jumped $1.22, to $15.72, on a day when the markets took another bad fall 
 I just got it.  I'll fax it.  Trying to read, but am currently reading the latest version of SB 78, which we just got and Scott has faxed.  Jim, here's the latest.  It's going to be heard this afternoon, per Scott's note.  It is not clear whether 1) it's going to make it through the Legislature, and 2) if it does make it through, whether Davis will sign.  It's very tied up with/linked to the other measures (Edison bailout, etc.).  Am trying to get more info, but that's it at this point.  Will report back on what happens at the hearing on the bill.  Best, Jeff 
 Mark:  Did you get a copy of this from Mike Day? 
 Dave and I are supposed to be in a meeting in Sacramento with John White at 1 PM in Sacramento.  So the timing may be tight.  Perhaps we could do 4 PM?  Best, Jeff 
 It's true.  I drew the short straw and will participate in place of Rob Bradley, who will be elsewhere on that day.  Best, Jeff 
 the secret is old vine gravensteins and a great chef!  thanks so much for your help.  i'm sending a check for $200 for propant and....how much for prentice to be in the pool??? 
 tentatively in Sacramento all week. 
 Thanks.  She called me.  It's the 29th at 1 pm.  It's at John's office, but I don't have the address. Could you get the address and email it to me, Christina and Dave Parquet?  Greatly appreciated.  I'm in Sacramento today.  Best, Jeff 
 you mean to hold it? 
 Alan: This is highly confidential.  Please do not share with anyone.  I'm going to call you to discuss.  Hope you're vacation was good.  Best, Jeff 
 Morning.  FYI.  Good 'ol SDG&E. =20 Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  We should discuss. =20 Best, Jeff 
 Might be a good idea to check in and see if he's got what he needs.  Thanks a million for the help.  Best, Jeff 
 Not quite sure why you're on this.  I think you can pass.  Thanks for message re: Sanders.  Best, Jeff 
 Sue's back today.  She and I can get info for you today.  Best, Jeff 
 Apologies for missing the call yesterday.  As I'm sure you're aware, yesterday the PUC voted to suspend electric direct acces in California.  As a result, it was an extremely hectic day.  I do intend to make the weekly calls.  Best, Jeff 
 Hey, when do regional directors begin reporting to Steffes?  Any sense of the reasoning behing the org change? 
 Thanks for coming over last night.  Very fun.  Great to see you.  Really glad you guys joined in.  Best, Jeff 
    CALIFORNIA PUC APPROVES PACIFIC GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY PLAN TO UPGRADE POWER SYSTEM IN TRI-VALLEY   <<011010r.doc>> 
 That's exactly right.  But I would say that Loretta, not Brown, was the winner, and will continue to be the winner.  Best, Jeff  PS Can you give a call when you get a minute at 415.782.7822?  Thanks. 
 FYI.  QFs meeting with Edison today.  Edison has not yet offered information on 1) date certain when QFs will be paid what they're owed, or 2) when the 5.37 cents will kick in.  Best, Jeff 
 Mike:  Does that legislation that passed a couple of years ago(?) that gives the Governor the power to appoint the PUC president also give the Senate advise and consent rights on the appointment of the president?  I don't recall that it gave the Senate advise and consent rights, but sure would be interesting if it does.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 An SVP from Edison just informed us that Edison will be sending out by email information on DASR acceptance/rejection. He said that all DASRs submitted prior to midnight on 9.20.01 will be accepted, irrespective of whether Edison subsequently rejected them for inadequate information, adminstrative or other reasons. He said that they will also be asking ESPs to provided a list of all contracts executed prior to midnight 9.20.01 and for which DASRs have not yet been submitted. When the DASRs for those contracts are submitted, he said that Edison will accept them, so long as they track the list previously submitted. I asked if Edison would be lobbying to have the Commission issue a subsequent decision clawing the suspension date back to July 1. He said he didn't believe they intended to do that, but he said that they did intend to lobby the Commission to make sure that newly-minted DA customers don't escape any costs they're responsible for.  Please forward this along to anyone else who might need the information.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Sure you've seen it, but just in case.  Non-energy-related friend of mine emailed it to me.  Best, Jeff     http://www.cfo.com  CFO.com's Today in Finance   ________________________________Sponsor ________________________________  Monday, October 22, 2001 Related Party Crashers? SEC Looking Into Possible Conflict on Interest at Enron  By Stephen Taub  The Securities and Exchange Commission has requested that Enron provide information regarding certain related party transactions.  "We welcome this request," said Kenneth L. Lay, Enron chairman and CEO in a prepared statement. "We will cooperate fully with the SEC."  Enron, North America's biggest buyer and seller of natural gas and electricity, noted that its internal and external auditors and attorneys reviewed the related party arrangements, the Board was fully informed of and approved these arrangements, and they were disclosed in the company's SEC filings. "We believe everything that needed to be considered and done in connection with these transactions was considered and done," Lay added.  As we noted on Friday, a limited partnership organized by chief financial officer Andrew Fastow racked up millions of dollars since 1997 in profits from transactions conducted with the energy company, according to The Wall Street Journal. The partnership reportedly renegotiated the terms of deals with Enron in ways that boosted its financial positions or reduced its risk of losses.   REPORT: E&Y REVENUES NEARLY HALVED Later this week, Ernst & Young will announce that its revenue growth was nearly halved in the fiscal year ending June 30, according to the Financial Times.  Specifically, the Big 5 professional services firm will report that revenues rose by 7.2 percent to $9.9 billion for the year. In fiscal 2000, revenues climbed by 14.1 percent, and by 13.5 percent the prior year.  The reason for the drop in revenue growth may be that E&Y fetches most of its business from the United States, and the U.S. economy tanked in the first half of this year.  "We have been successful this year, despite the economy and during a period of great challenge and change in our profession," chairman James Turley told the FT.  Rival Andersen has already reported that revenues rose 10 percent this year through August 31.  Another reason for E&Y's revenue retrenchment: the strong dollar. The firm is expected to announce that revenues increased 12.4 percent in local currency terms, according to the paper.  Turley told the FT that his clients are less focused on the longer term and are instead concentrating on watching expenses, cash management, debt covenant issues, and security concerns. "We're going to see more covenant violations and that will drive restructuring issues," Turley told the FT.  Read On! For More of Today in Finance http://m.s.maildart.net/link_30322_6541367_1_120086373_73941461_0_76   **********************FROM OUR FEATURED ADVERTISER **********************  How do you track business and financial news while still keeping on top of ever-changing financial accounting rules?  By joining CFOdirect Network, where you can find daily news updates and receive PwC's exclusive analysis on hot financial accounting topics. Sign up for a free trial membership to PwC's online resource for senior financial executives at: http://ad.2clk.net/eclk;3410577;1729382256984211925;6541367;92789;;21531.   **************************************************************************  Take CFO's Budgeting and Planning Software survey. The results of CFO's  survey will be used in a December Technology Report that will examine the change management issues that surround implementations of this type of software in organizations. All responses will only be used in the aggregate. Your input is important, please take a moment and participate. Thank you! http://charts.cfo.com/cfomag/bpsurvey1.html __________________________________________________________________________  Also on CFO.com:  CAPITAL MARKETS: Banks and Brokerages Hit Hard by Economic Slump, Attack. http://m.s.maildart.net/link_30323_6541367_1_120086373_73941461_0_77  CFO EXCELLENCE: Less Business Wanted? It Worked for AmeriCredit. http://m.s.maildart.net/link_30326_6541367_1_120086373_73941461_0_7a  CFOs ON THE MOVE: Mint Condition? Veteran CFO Hired at Collectors Universe. http://m.s.maildart.net/link_30325_6541367_1_120086373_73941461_0_79  SPECIAL REPORT: Goodwill Games II: Reports from the Field. http://m.s.maildart.net/link_30324_6541367_1_120086373_73941461_0_78  ________________________________________________________________________ For information about advertising in this newsletter, contact Mimi Capalaces, VP of Sales. Call (212) 698-9738 or write to mimicapalaces@cfo.com ________________________________________________________________________  Get the Magazine - FREE Subscription - CFO Magazine is free to qualified readers. To subscribe go to: http://as400.halldata.com/cgi-bin/subscribe/cf?SS=SHRTFRM&pk=HP7  Become a registered user and receive FREE, unlimited access to CFO.com. Go to: http://www.cfo.com/User_Registration ________________________________________________________________________   Copyright (c) 2001 CFO Publishing Corporation   To access the Unsubscribe page, click this link: http://www.cfo.com/unsubscribe_nl/1,5013,807612|34978|7,00.html  This email was sent to:nancy.sellers@robertmondavi.com 
 Prentice:  The moral of the story:  Don't, for god sakes, be a CFO. 
 I'm in Gloucester, Mass for the week.  My pager and cell phone work and I can be reached if needed at 978.281.1658. Happy Labor Day.  Best, Jeff 
 Hey, man, how'd the dinner go?  You get everything squared away with the Legislator?  Best, Jeff 
 Eldon called me this morning informing me that it's their anniversary this weekend. As such, I sort of tossed any other plans out the window and told him that we'd definitely be around.  As such, I was wondering if you guys planned to do the same, and if so, (following up on your note Scott), it would be totally fucking cool to play golf Sunday morning (particularly since I have not desire to sit around a and watch football).  You guys up for golf?  You plan on doing the anniversary thing?  Best, Jeff  PS Where's my email Ms Perfect? 
 didn't listen to all of it, but sounds like they ain't making a heckuvalot of progress with edision on getting paid or getting the 5.37 cents put in place. 
 The PUC's decision 1) suspending DA and 2) signaling the PUC's intent to continue to consider nullifying DA contracts signed after July 1 is full of holes. We haven't detected any downside in joining with coalitions, and trying to get other coalitions, to appeal the PUC order. Sue Mara is working with the ARM coalition to appeal yesterday's order and is taking the lead generally on the effort to reverse things. The appeals that we would join, and attempt others to persue on their own, would focus principally on two issues:  1) disabusing the PUC of the notion that it has the legal authority to nullify contracts retroactively, and 2) lifting the suspension on DA altogether (let me know if I've missed anything here, Sue).  Please let us know if folks have any concerns that would cause us to reconsider pursuing these challenges.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks very much. 
 =20 
 I'll set it up.  This Firday is not good.  I'll shoot for Monday or Tuesday.  DWR's in Sacramento.  Mark is 50 miles east of SF in Livermore.  Best, Jeff 
 Anyone from Enron participating in the meeting? =20 Best, Jeff **********************=20 FERC To Examine Alleged Market Manipulation By Calif ISO =09 Dow Jones <ht= tp://quicken.excite.com/images/DJBN.gif>=09 Updated: Friday, September 21, 2001 04:53 PM ET =09  <http://quicken.excite= .com/images/email_friend.gif>  Email this article to a friend! <http://quic= ken.excite.com/investments/news/story/mailit/?story=3D/news/stories/dj/2001= 0921/BT20010921006618.htm&symbol=3DPCG>=20 <http://quicken.excite.com/images/printer_friendly_format.gif>  Printer-f= riendly version <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/news_center/article/= printer.dcg?story=3D/news/stories/dj/20010921/BT20010921006618.htm> =09 =09 By Jason Leopold=20  Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES=20  LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--Federal energy regulators may investigate whether = the operator of California's wholesale electricity market has been manipula= ting its power-purchasing practices to reduce the costs of power the state = purchased under long-term contracts, according to documents obtained Friday= by Dow Jones Newswires Friday.=20  At issue is whether the California Independent System Operator has violated= its own market rules by purchasing expensive power secured by the state un= der contracts rather than cheaper power available in the spot market. The s= tate's need to sell off surplus power secured under those contracts has pro= ven embarrassing for Gov. Gray Davis, who signed $43 billion in deals to he= ad off a summer of spiking prices and blackouts that never materialized.=20  The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission will hold a meeting in California = Monday to address generators' complaints. The energy companies say that the= California ISO's purchasing decisions are difficult to comprehend and out = of line with the market, according to a letter sent by Andrea Wolfman, lead= FERC counsel for market oversight and enforcement.=20  The letter was sent to the ISO, the California Department of Water Resource= s - which has been buying power in lieu of the state's struggling utilities= since mid-January - and several generators, all of which were to attend th= e meeting.=20  "Recently we have become concerned that the scheduling and dispatch procedu= res of the California ISO, as they have had to change in the last nine mont= hs, are not well understood or are not well suited to the current market st= ructure," Wolfman said in her letter. "The purpose of the meeting is to dev= elop agreement between the ISO and those that participate in the scheduling= and dispatch (generators, utilities, CDWR) on appropriate practices and pr= ocedures."=20  ISO Procedures Need Explaining -FERC=20  The ISO's main responsibility is keeping power supply and demand in balance= on the state's electrical grid. As part of that job, the ISO determines wh= ich power plants to call into service and which suppliers to buy power from= .=20  If the ISO can't explain how it makes its decisions, FERC may conduct an au= dit of the organization and investigate the possibility it has manipulated = the market, Wolfman's office said.=20  "As discussed, FERC may schedule a technical conference and operational aud= it of CAISO," a second letter from FERC's market oversight and enforcement = division states. "This unprecedented examination of CAISO operations could = lead to the belief that complaints by generators of market manipulation and= other practices by the ISO should be investigated."=20  The ISO's operating rules generally call for it to purchase the cheapest po= wer first.=20  "The information that (generators) have provided all leads to a theory that= the CAISO is manipulating the market in order to purchase surplus DWR powe= r at high prices and protect Gov. Davis from political embarrassment," the = second letter says.=20  The ISO has said only that the market isn't operating as intended, and decl= ined to answer other questions about the allegations or discuss Monday's me= eting.=20  Generators Confused=20  Generators, including Mirant Corp. ( MIR <http://quicken.excite.com/investm= ents/quotes/?symbol=3DMIR>, news <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/new= s/?symbol=3DMIR>, msgs <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/discuss/?symb= ol=3DMIR>), Reliant Energy Inc. ( REI <http://quicken.excite.com/investment= s/quotes/?symbol=3DREI>, news <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/news/?= symbol=3DREI>, msgs <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/discuss/?symbol= =3DREI>), Williams Cos. ( WMB <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/quotes= /?symbol=3DWMB>, news <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/news/?symbol= =3DWMB>, msgs <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/discuss/?symbol=3DWMB>= ), Duke Energy ( DUK <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/quotes/?symbol= =3DDUK>, news <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/news/?symbol=3DDUK>, m= sgs <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/discuss/?symbol=3DDUK>) and Dyne= gy Inc. ( DYN <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/quotes/?symbol=3DDYN>,= news <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/news/?symbol=3DDYN>, msgs <htt= p://quicken.excite.com/investments/discuss/?symbol=3DDYN>), have bought app= arently inexpensive power in the ISO's spot market only to find weeks later= that the price was much higher. That's because, according to the allegatio= ns, the ISO is letting DWR supply expensive power into the market as "out-o= f-market" purchases that aren't averaged into the real-time prices that ISO= market participants see.=20  DWR continues to buy out-of-market power regularly at the ISO's request, DW= R operations chief Pete Garris has said, but those purchases are being made= in the spot market and are never being satisfied by power from DWR's long-= term contracts.=20  The out-of-market purchases appear to be expensive, however. According to t= he ISO's August market report, the average out-of-market price for peak hou= rs was $55.90 a megawatt-hour, compared with $26.49/MWh on the ISO computer= ized market. Brokered prices of western electricity have been lower than th= e out-of-market prices for months.=20  None of the companies mentioned was willing to comment on the record.=20  The meeting is scheduled to be held at the ISO's headquarters in Folsom, Ca= lif., and representatives from power producers, utilities and the state are= expected to attend. FERC will serve as facilitator, Wolfman said. The meet= ing isn't open to the public.=20  The meeting will begin with a presentation by the ISO on its practices and = operational procedures, followed by adjustments that may be needed to impro= ve the market.=20  "The objective is to develop a written set of procedures that is agreed to = by all the market participants and that is consistent with good utility pra= ctices," Wolfman said in the letter.=20  -By Jason Leopold, Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3874; jason.leopold@dowjone= s.com <mailto:jason.leopold@dowjones.com> 
 Sounds good. 
 Being a patent maven and auction babe, thought you might find interest in this.  Best, Jeff  Enron Accused of Infringing Electronic Trading Patent (Update2) 2001-09-21 16:39 (New York)  Enron Accused of Infringing Electronic Trading Patent (Update2)  (Adds company comment in seventh paragraph.)  Marshall, Texas, Sept. 21 (Bloomberg) -- Enron Corp., the largest energy trader, and its online unit are accused in a lawsuit of infringing a Texas company's patent for an electronic trading system.  Bid/Ask LLC of Baird, Texas, formerly called Auction Source LLC, said it is the sole rights owner of a patent issued in May 2000 for a ``Real-time Network Exchange with Seller Specified Exchange Parameters and Interactive Seller Participation.''  Houston-based Enron and its EnronOnline unit are improperly using that patented technology through its Internet-based electronic trading facility, according to the lawsuit filed Sept. 17 in federal court in Marshall, Texas. Enron trades commodities such as natural gas and electricity on that trading network.  Bid/Ask seeks a court order blocking Enron from infringing the patent, and is asking for damages.  EnronOnline began trading electricity and natural gas in November 1999. Between then and the second quarter of 2001, it's handled more than 1 million transactions valued at more than $685 billion, the company has said.  Enron, which also trades space on fiber-optic networks, coal, paper and other commodities, had net income of $979 million on revenue of $100.8 billion in 2000.  ``We have not reviewed the suit, so we can't comment on it,'' said Enron spokesman Vance Meyer.  Shares of Enron fell 9 cents to $28.30 today. 
 Could we get a copy of the letters referenced in the story?  415.782.7854. 
 Thanks alot. 
 Seems like something IEP would certaintly be way out in front on. After suppliers' last experience with the PUC's planning process, seems like they'd aggressively go after its return in a very big way. 
 The generators are going to go nuts over this.  They'll do all the pounding needed on their own.  Calpine will likely lead the charge, which should be interesting.... 
 thanks. 
 Michael Tribolet and I are scheduled to meet with Fielder on Monday, Oct 1. at 10 AM to test the waters for a possible settlement of our PX credit claim with Edison. If the Governor calls a special session to begin Oct 1, I'd guess that Edison will try to delay the meeting.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings.  You taking the course?  It looks very good to me and I've added it.  If you're taking it, could you let me know what the assignment is for Tuesday?  I'm on vacation, and the course hasn't yet been added to my Izio account.  Best, Jeff 
 o lord, there's not some reason that we'll need to go to Napa next weekend that I don't know about, it there? Just you guys going up to visit, right? 
 thank you. 
 The call was pretty tough. Quick side bar:  Edison is very concerned about TURN getting a stay from the court on the EIX/PUC settlement . At the start of the call, Fielder said that he'd fax me the judge's ruling in the TURN appeal, but based on how the call went, I'm not sure if he'll send it. As we conjectured sometime back, Edison is indeed talking about charging us (through a reduced PX credit) for our "share" of the undercollection. Our "share" would be paid down through a reduction in the PX credit over the life of the settlement (presumably about 2-3 years). In short, with one hand Edison would pay us what they owe us; with the other hand, Edison would take it back. Edison intends (as we conjectured) to base the amount of the undercollection owed by DA customers on the percentage of load they represent (e.g., if DA is (was) 10% of the load, they would pay for 10% of the undercollection). We had a very "animated" discussion that went back and forth for some time. I told him that there's been some gross misunderstanding since his proposal simply doesn't track. Fielder said that they believe their argument is solid. Here's how we left it--he's going to get back to us by COB today or tomorrow and tell us what Edison's calculation is of our "share" of the undercollection. We can discuss further on the call that Wanda's setting up for tomorrow.  If you have any questions between now and then, 	give a holler.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Martin may be interested.  Best, Jeff 
 Well, we had the right person handling the call, that's for sure.  Best, Jeff 
 why did we agree to give Rod Wright $20K?      Hey, we kid!  Where'd we be without our humor?  Have a great weekend; thanks for taking the time to talk today.  Best, Jeff  PS What was that package again? 
 Looks good. 
 Under the circumstances, I am leaning toward cancelling (I was originally only going to participate on Monday anyway, and Sue hadn't planned on attending. Neither Rick nor Jim can attend.)  If there's a compelling reason that you think I should attend, let me know.  Otherwise I'll let Bev know that we'll take a rain check on this one.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings Severin:  No, I'm not writing inquiring about employment as a research analyst (despite Enron's woes, which I'm sure you've been reading about).  However, my fiancee, Prentice Sellers, who got her MBA from Haas last May, is actively looking for work at an interesting place.  I wanted to let you know that she has applied for a position at the consulting firm that you're affiliated with.  Forgive the less-than-objective plug, but she's extremely bright and talented and did very well at Haas. Prior to attending Haas, she worked at LECG, where she was highly praised for her work and consistently got rave reviews.  She'd be a valuable asset to the firm and is worth giving a serious look.  Thanks for reading this paid advertisment.  On another note, I thought the Hoover conference was extremely good.  You and Sweeney did a great job.  What was your impression?  I've noticed that it got some decent press.  Best, Jeff 
 It was good to see you.  No thanks needed.  I'm pretty sure that I can get you the info on the plants--it's in the contracts and I'm fairly certain that we have that analysis.  How'd the meeting with PG&E go?  You get back to Houston OK?  Best, Jeff 
 I'll get back to you on teh plants as soon as I can.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 Groovy. 
 what's the name of the borenstein consulting firm that you're applying too? 
  Professor: Thanks for the response.  However, I sent you a copy with a few egregious typos.  Since it is still October 31, I hope you'll discard that copy and replace it with this one, which I think is now typo-free.  My apologies for the mix-up and thanks for your consideration.  You'll note that this copy is dated "1031,"  whereas the previous copy was dated "1029."  Best, Jeff 
 Best of luck.  Stay in touch.  You thinking of working in France? 
 you forgot "he's SO bright."  and I forgot "personal friend."  thanks for t= he laugh.  by the way, I'll be in houston all next week cozying up to important people= .... 
  PLEASE do not overreact, but I want you to have this information.  Hang in there everyone.  Jeff 
 FYI. 
 Hey, how ya doing? 
 Thanks, ain't going near it.  How's things going out there on your end--settling down at all?  Best, Jeff 
 Got the fax.  Thank you. 
 I saw the letter from Peace to CalPERS.  As far as I know, Peace can't force CalPERS to do anything, including file a shareholder suit.  Therefore, I'm not sure if we gain anything by responding, or taking other action.  Thoughts?  Best, Jeff 
 I'm not positive.  The best way to find out is to call the Public Advisor at the PUC directly.  He'll be happy to fill you in on how to get on the list of speakers.  And I'm sure it's very easy to do.  I'll definitely give you a heads up regarding the Wednesday calls, though they've really wound down alot since the Legislature took off for vacation.  Hope all is well.  Best to you and yours, Jeff 
 Good plan. 
 Thanks.  Anyone there you would recommend as a point of contact/entry?  Best, Jeff 
 This won't work.  Try again, please.   KIDDING!  Looks great.  Thanks.  I'll forward along to Greg and Brad and get back to you soon as I know something.  Toodles, Jeff 
 Got your message.  As soon as I get a hold of Williams--not sure where he is--we'll have the call.  Hopefully we can do it within the next 30 minutes or so. That work for you?  And when it happens, I can conference folks in using my phone.  What's your direct dial.  Best, Jeff  P.S. Sanity is a good thing. 
 Thanks.  Talk to you soon. 
 Thanks very much for helping Aida. 
 Bob's secretary called to tell me that Bob's at a doctor's appt and will be back in the office around noon Houston time.  We'll shoot for around noon CST to have the call.  I'll conference folks in from my phone.  Best, Jeff 
 We need to start figuring out as soon as possible: What we want to accomplish at the hearing. What our posture/message will be. What to expect from the judge/commissioner and if and how we want to respond. What to expect from others and if and how we want to be prepared to respond. How to coordinate with other parties prior to the prehearing conference. How to ensure we're well coordinated with our other efforts (e.g., PG&E bankruptcy and Edison negotiations)  Sue and I can take the call from this end, and presumably Mike and Jeanne you can team up in a room on your end, so we can conference everyone in using our phones.  Please let me know if this works for everyone.  Thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  That's why I was calling.  I'll continue to work to set up.  Any particular time, day, etc.? 
 Also, GWF is a QF developper from back in the days when QFs roamed the earth. Rather small player at that as best as we can tell. 
 USA: Customer choice can boost 'green power' use-study. NEW YORK, Nov 2 (Reuters) - Giving consumers more energy supply choices could boost use of cleaner electricity sources by 40 percent by the end of the decade, regardless of whether the market is deregulated, a federal study said. But there's a catch. While 10 percent of U.S. electricity already comes from hydro and another 2 percent comes from wind, solar and geothermal sources, stimulating alternative energy demand to meet the 40-percent goal will require more so-called green pricing programs, which are often more expensive to the consumer. According to the study, pushing consumers to adopt electricity alternatives besides coal, oil, gas or nuclear will require utilities to offer green power choices. Indeed, the study showed some customers will 'go green' even if the price is higher than conventional sources. "Market research consistently shows that consumers prefer to receive their power from clean energy sources ... giving consumers energy supply choices can be a powerful mechanism for moving renewable energy into the marketplace," said Blair Swezey, co-author of the study. Swezey works at National Renewable Energy Laboratory, which conducted the study along with the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. Both organizations are U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories. The study does not advocate competitive markets over regulated markets, but suggests utilities in states without competition should offer their customers green products. "If competitive retail markets fail to materialize, utility programs must pick up the slack," said Ryan Wiser of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, another co-author of the study. CALIFORNIA CAVEAT Green power marketing had seen success in states with retail market competition, such as in California . But in the wake of California 's heavily publicized deregulation crisis, the state seems to have backed away from deregulation, and green power has been one of the victims. "The California experience shows that the transition to competitive retail power markets will not be smooth," Wiser added, noting that at least until California makes up its mind regarding the fate of deregulation, green power programs will remain on the back-burner. More than 85 utilities in 29 states out of more than 500 utilities nationwide give consumers the option to choose to buy power from renewable sources, meaning much of the potential growth for green power use has not yet materialized. Non-hydro renewables provide about 2 percent, or 16,500 megawatts (MW), of all the electricity used in the United States. Hydropower provides about 10 percent. With the expansion of customer choice, the study found the market could support about 6,000 MW of additional non-hydro renewables over the next decade. National Renewable Energy Laboratory, based in Golden, Colorado, is a research center for alternative fuels managed by Midwest Research Institute, technology developer Battelle and global engineering firm Bechtel. Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, of Berkeley, California , is a scientific research center managed by the University of California . 
 Hey, you guys having fun yet?  Did you watch the game last night?  The Yankees are awesome--Eldon's been submitted to the loony bin.  Best, Jeff 
 Yesterday, we discussed that Edison is likely going to try to jerk around ESPs, QFs and generators on past due amounts under its settlement with the PUC.  Here's the latest on what they're doing to the QFs.  Best, Jeff 
 Overall looks great, though I made a few edits/comments.  But I couldn't figure out how to do it in strikeout/underline.  We should make it look as "PG&E-centric" as possible--you know how touchy IOUs are.  You and Dave and I should try to discuss in more detail early next week.  Best, Jeff 
 OK. 
 ?	We met with Edison yesterday in the attempt to settle our negative CTC claim. ?	Edison continues to take a very hard-line, extreme position.  This is it in a nutshell: 1.	all customers--bundled and DA alike--"contributed to Edison's undercollection" and all customers must pay it down; 2.	bundled customers contributed through frozen rates and DA customers contributed through the negative CTC; 3.	Edison says it will pay ESPs past due amounts related to the negative CTC, but it intends to then turn around and assess a charge on all customer bills--DA and bundled alike--to recover its undercollection. 4.	Edison intends to collect it over approximately 2 years.  Edison estimates that the charge to DA customers over this period would be about $25-27/MWH. 5.	Under Edison's plan, Enron would likely end up paying Edison, i.e., the present value of the "undercollection" charge would exceed the present value of the lump sum negative CTC payment. ?	Obviously, with respect to any settlement with Edison, we're extremely far apart and we're therefore considering other 	options. ?	In the meantime, the California PUC is engaged in DA and PX credit-related activities beginning next week and Edison 	will try to get the Commission to adopt their proposal. ?	We are working with other market participants and gearing up to vigorously oppose Edison's proposal at the PUC. ?	We will distribute something on Monday describing our approach and tactics at the PUC for folks to review and 	comment on. ?	We are scheduled to meet with Edison again next Thursday to try to knock some sense into them (the probability of 	which is low).  If you have any questions, let us know.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings Ms Kahl:  Few things:  1)	No, I'm not looking for employment in the face of Enron's current financial "challenges." 2)	Could you forward Michael's email address to me? 3)	Are you aware of what Edison's going to be proposing at the PUC on Nov. 7th w.r.t. how it 	intends to recoup its "undercollection" under its settlement with the PUC.  In short, all  	DA customers, irrespective of whether they were taking from Edison at the time that Edison 	accrued the "undercollection," would be "responsible" for paying.  Which means DA customers 	would pay twice for power--once to their ESP and now, again, to Edison.  Is this something 	that your clients care about?  We care quite a bit.  One of the big issues is whether there ought to be hearings on all of this, or whether Karl Wood ought to just be able to push rates around based on briefs only.  We feel pretty strongly that hearings are required.  One of our big concerns is that this will be the tip of the iceberg, i.e., Edison will continue on after this in an attempt to force all kinds of costs on customers.  You have a view on whether hearings are required?  More importantly do your clients have an interest in all of this, and will you be there on the 7th?  Inquiring minds want to know.  Hope you're well.  Please don't travel over any bridges.  Best, Jeff 
 Still working on the large customers...Will let you know (but don't hold your breath). 
 yes. 
 Greetings Janelle:  Got your message. I will call you first think Monday to discuss.  Best, Jeff 
 Baltimore	4 Miami		8 NYG		15 Indy		14 Jags		3 Atlanta		10 GB		2 SF		13 Philly		12 Bears		7 SD		11 Skins		6 NO		9 Raiders		5 
 Hope the trip to SF went well. 
  Well, it was too brief, and I didn't get to work with you nearly as much as I'd hoped. But when I did, it was very enjoyable.  All the best.  These are strange and unsettling days, but it seems that the best among us always land on their feet, so I'm sure that's where you'll end up.  Take care and hope to cross paths again soon.  Best, Jeff 
 thanks for the tip.  maybe i'll run into you on my way to the top....  seriously, have a great weekend.  i'll be studying.  Best, Jeff 
 It was good to see you.  Glad you had a good time. 
 Does it make sense to have a quick call (15-30 minutes) just to update you on the status of Edison/PG&E talks, what's going on at the PUC, etc.?  Let me know.  Today looks pretty good for me to try to do it.  Best, Jeff 
 Talked to Craver's office. His office is going to get back to me about meeting at Edison early next week.  That work for you?  Best, Jeff 
 We continue to trade voicemails.  One of these times, we'll catch each other.  I'll report back just as soon as we do.  Best, Jeff 
 will do. 
 O boy, I feel another planting binge coming on!  Hey, we're likely going to the Dome this weekend, so you're likely going to have put with seeing us.  Could you believe that game last night--got to be one of the best world series ever. 
 Traded calls.  I'll get back to you soon as we hook up.  Can't wait to hear what Jerry says.  Probably something like, "Talked to Tom Beach.  Heard about your plan.  We'll call you."  Or who knows.  He could surprise us.  I'll let you know either way.  Best, Jeff 
 We're currently scheduled to follow-up with Edison at Noon CST (10 AM PST) on Thursday, Nov. 8th.  We'll set up a number and distribute to folks.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks for your efforts, thanks for trying, and thanks for your strong sense of decency.  If there's anything whatsoever I can do to assist, don't hesitate.  Best, Jeff 
 Ah ha.  Now I see why you were asking.  So sorry that you "have to visit" Maui.  Tough break. 
 thanks. 
 Thanks a million. 
 thanks. 
 FYI. 
 eeegads.  you heard about the story circulating that skilling attended a "high society" pajama party last weekend in houston. eeks. 
 Interesting thanks.  Any word on the transcript? 
 Could you forward Dan's draft.  While Aaron's points are good ones, I think may tipping at windmills... 
 you'd think he'd go abroad on vacation or something until things cooled down, non? 
 Thanks, Jeanne.  Just to be clear (since we had a bit of a different take last Friday in the meeting that Jim and Sue and I had with Mike).  Mike's take was that we'd be addressing just about everything under the sun, including why we think that hearings are necessary.  This takes a much narrower approach.  Just want to make sure that we're all on the same page.  I understand that Mike was travelling yesterday and the first part of today.  Likely makes sense to have a call this PM to make sure out ducks are all in a line.  Thanks again.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings: Any chance of changing my lesson from tomorrow to this Friday (preferably about lunchtime)?  Let me know.  If you're all booked for Friday, I'm likely going to have to skip this week.  Let me know.  Hope all is well.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  I've talked to Jeanne, and she and Mike may have not completely communicated on this.  Given the uncertainty, I'm having to hold off on sending a note around.  I'll do one after the call.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Could be pretty explosive if evidence turns up confirming the market'= s suspicions. =20 Best, Jeff 
 Thanks for the note.  Just let me know.  We'll do it when you're ready.  Between now and then, could you send me a summary (understanding that it's an estimate) of time and materials as you see them.  Thanks again.  Good luck with the other jobs.  Talk to you soon.  Best, Jeff 
 Great.  Can you give me the entire list (indicating who's who)?  I'm thinking that if I let the big customers know, perhaps that'll give them an incentive to sign on. 
 Couple thoughts.  Understanding that we're really trying to get this thing done and that there's a million different ornaments one could hang on the tree (and bring the thing toppling down), I'll just throw this out for consideration.  Seems that as a first-order issue, the judge is either going to approve the settlement or cede to arguments the PUC could make regarding its exclusive ratemaking authority--that is what it is. Assuming that the judge sides in our favor, there remains the chance that the PUC could take the Edison view and charge DA customers for the undercollection, thereby taking back what we achieved in the settlement based on the way our deals are structured with our customers. It would help alot if PG&E took the position at the PUC that (for a variety of reasons) the PUC should NOT tack on DA customers' bills any charges designed to pay down the utilities' undercollection. In a proceeding where Edison and PG&E are on different sides, our chances of prevailing are of course much better. But it likely won't do much good if we have any such deal written explicitly in the settlement document (i.e., PG&E agrees to take our side at the PUC). But if there's any way to do some sort of side deal, outside of the settlement agreement, and if PG&E were amenable, there might be some real value.  Again, I know we want to get this thing wrapped up, but thought I'd toss it out there.  We can take it or leave it.  Best, Jeff 
 In California, all customers can choose--large and small.  There are core (small customer) and noncore (industrial customers).  Consumption volume differentiates the two.  Noncore customes receive cheaper transporation rates.I'm not sure what sort of limitations you're specifically focused on.  There are requirements regarding storage requirements (customers must have some storage) and requirements to pay a share of past "stranded costs" caused by the move to competition.  And noncore customers on PG&E have more flexibility to buy in-state transportation than customers on SoCal have.  If there's anything else, let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 What came of the call? 
 You get in to see Whalley? 
 Wow, based on the share price, it appears they're having significant difficulty finding additional sources of funds.  Ain't getting any prettier. 
 you get in to see whalley? 
 You're kidding, right?  Edison's at about 14.50. 
 great.  good luck with others. 
 FYI. =20 Thought folks might be interested in the following story. =20 In addition, I've attached at the end for those that are interested a CSFB = report on PG&E's POR announced yesterday. Very much enjoyed working with this group on a solution for California.  Pe= rhaps, given were things stand, we'll have another shot at helping get the = market, California energy policy, and Edison, back on their feet. Best, Jeff  FERC To Examine Alleged Market Manipulation By Calif ISO=20 Updated: Friday, September 21, 2001 04:53 PM ET By Jason Leopold Of DOW JON= ES NEWSWIRES=20 LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--Federal energy regulators may investigate whether = the operator of California's wholesale electricity market has been manipula= ting its power-purchasing practices to reduce the costs of power the state = purchased under long-term contracts, according to documents obtained Friday= by Dow Jones Newswires Friday.=20 At issue is whether the California Independent System Operator has violated= its own market rules by purchasing expensive power secured by the state un= der contracts rather than cheaper power available in the spot market. The s= tate's need to sell off surplus power secured under those contracts has pro= ven embarrassing for Gov. Gray Davis, who signed $43 billion in deals to he= ad off a summer of spiking prices and blackouts that never materialized.=20 The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission will hold a meeting in California = Monday to address generators' complaints. The energy companies say that the= California ISO's purchasing decisions are difficult to comprehend and out = of line with the market, according to a letter sent by Andrea Wolfman, lead= FERC counsel for market oversight and enforcement.=20 The letter was sent to the ISO, the California Department of Water Resource= s - which has been buying power in lieu of the state's struggling utilities= since mid-January - and several generators, all of which were to attend th= e meeting.=20 "Recently we have become concerned that the scheduling and dispatch procedu= res of the California ISO, as they have had to change in the last nine mont= hs, are not well understood or are not well suited to the current market st= ructure," Wolfman said in her letter. "The purpose of the meeting is to dev= elop agreement between the ISO and those that participate in the scheduling= and dispatch (generators, utilities, CDWR) on appropriate practices and pr= ocedures."=20 ISO Procedures Need Explaining -FERC=20 The ISO's main responsibility is keeping power supply and demand in balance= on the state's electrical grid. As part of that job, the ISO determines wh= ich power plants to call into service and which suppliers to buy power from= .=20 If the ISO can't explain how it makes its decisions, FERC may conduct an au= dit of the organization and investigate the possibility it has manipulated = the market, Wolfman's office said.=20 "As discussed, FERC may schedule a technical conference and operational aud= it of CAISO," a second letter from FERC's market oversight and enforcement = division states. "This unprecedented examination of CAISO operations could = lead to the belief that complaints by generators of market manipulation and= other practices by the ISO should be investigated."=20 The ISO's operating rules generally call for it to purchase the cheapest po= wer first.=20 "The information that (generators) have provided all leads to a theory that= the CAISO is manipulating the market in order to purchase surplus DWR powe= r at high prices and protect Gov. Davis from political embarrassment," the = second letter says.=20 The ISO has said only that the market isn't operating as intended, and decl= ined to answer other questions about the allegations or discuss Monday's me= eting.=20 Generators Confused=20 Generators, including Mirant Corp. (MIR <http://quicken.excite.com/investme= nts/quotes/?symbol=3DMIR>, news <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/news= /?symbol=3DMIR>, msgs <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/discuss/?symbo= l=3DMIR>), Reliant Energy Inc. (REI <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/= quotes/?symbol=3DREI>, news <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/news/?sy= mbol=3DREI>, msgs <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/discuss/?symbol=3D= REI>), Williams Cos. (WMB <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/quotes/?sy= mbol=3DWMB>, news <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/news/?symbol=3DWMB= >, msgs <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/discuss/?symbol=3DWMB>), Duk= e Energy (DUK <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/quotes/?symbol=3DDUK>,= news <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/news/?symbol=3DDUK>, msgs <htt= p://quicken.excite.com/investments/discuss/?symbol=3DDUK>) and Dynegy Inc. = (DYN <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/quotes/?symbol=3DDYN>, news <ht= tp://quicken.excite.com/investments/news/?symbol=3DDYN>, msgs <http://quick= en.excite.com/investments/discuss/?symbol=3DDYN>), have bought apparently i= nexpensive power in the ISO's spot market only to find weeks later that the= price was much higher. That's because, according to the allegations, the I= SO is letting DWR supply expensive power into the market as "out-of-market"= purchases that aren't averaged into the real-time prices that ISO market p= articipants see.=20 DWR continues to buy out-of-market power regularly at the ISO's request, DW= R operations chief Pete Garris has said, but those purchases are being made= in the spot market and are never being satisfied by power from DWR's long-= term contracts.=20 The out-of-market purchases appear to be expensive, however. According to t= he ISO's August market report, the average out-of-market price for peak hou= rs was $55.90 a megawatt-hour, compared with $26.49/MWh on the ISO computer= ized market. Brokered prices of western electricity have been lower than th= e out-of-market prices for months.=20 None of the companies mentioned was willing to comment on the record.=20 The meeting is scheduled to be held at the ISO's headquarters in Folsom, Ca= lif., and representatives from power producers, utilities and the state are= expected to attend. FERC will serve as facilitator, Wolfman said. The meet= ing isn't open to the public.=20 The meeting will begin with a presentation by the ISO on its practices and = operational procedures, followed by adjustments that may be needed to impro= ve the market.=20 "The objective is to develop a written set of procedures that is agreed to = by all the market participants and that is consistent with good utility pra= ctices," Wolfman said in the letter.=20 -By Jason Leopold, Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3874; jason.leopold@dowjone= s.com <mailto:jason.leopold@dowjones.com>=20 
 When do you want to call Hedy and Bev? 
 $18.10/share.  don't make me give suggestions. 
 aye aye. 
 thanks.  I think "hump day" is putting it mildly.  You see in the press that we approached (are still approaching?) KKR?  And that Buffet ain't interested?  What a world.  Someone in real estate finance I know compared what Fastow & Co. did to the FirstPlus fiasco.  That hurt.  Best, Jeff 
 Quick adder:  It appears that the utilities took a hard line on the amendment issue in their written comments, which is no surprise.  Utilities position is obviously extreme but it means there's likely to be a signficant fight over the issue. 
 No problem.  To be honest, I was concerned--given how wide-ranging it was--that I might step in something unintentionally.  Please let me know if I do/did.  Also, keep in touch with how the issues go with them, since they are clearly trying to use the reg. issues as leverage, and in that regard, often offering up worst-case scenarios.  Best, Jeff 
 I'll get back to you today.  Houston is dealing with some pretty big issues, but I'm going to push them to meet with you nonetheless.  How's the weather in the big apple?  You vote for Green or Bloomberg? 
 OK, today's been nuts.  This is likely not complete, but wanted to get something around. Please review for 1) anything I've missed and/or 2) anything I've misstated.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 plz see email re: talking points. jeff 
 Jesus, 93 million Enron shares have traded thus far today.  Insane. 
   FYI. 
 Brad:  Lot of water under the bridge since the 25th, but I just got a note from Perfect.  They're still planning on being in Houston to meet on the afternoon of the 13th.  Let me know if anything's changed and I'll get you the information on Perfect ASAP.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 No problem.  I'll let them know.  Best, Jeff 
 Hey: Just heard back from Brad.  He's not cancelling.  Just post-poning.  Lots--and I mean lots--going on.  I think that, realistically, we're talking December.  Sorry about that, but you know how quickly things can change....You guys hang out with the McCourey's at all?  Kisses, Jeff 
 Please forward along to others I may have missed but need to know:  The Commission held a hearing this afternoon to discuss the need for hearings on issues surrounding the DA suspension. With minor exceptions, the utilities told the Commission that the Commission didn't need to conduct hearings, and that the Commission could just go forward with implementing the suspension and assess exit fees. The utilities said that hearings could be held "sometime later" to determine the exact level of exit fees and how the utilities ought to calcualte the PX credit going forward. A large group of business customers and suppliers disagreed strongly and made a very good case for hearings. There were lengthy arguments in front of the judge, at the end of which the judge decided that it would useful to hold another prehearing conference. The next hearing will be on Dec. 12th. The judge wanted another hearing to permit folks to have the opportunity to respond to the first round of comments on the issues submitted by everyone last Friday. In sum, there will be another hearing on Dec. 12th to further discuss the need for hearings prior to the Commission making decisions on these issues. At this point, it appears that the judge is leaning toward having comprehensive hearings. Of particular note, at the end of the hearing the judge said that he is NOT inclinded to recommend a retroactive suspension of Direct Access to July 1, and that he didnt' think that the PUC commissioner assigned to the case was either. (Worried that he said too much, he then said he couldn't/shouldn't spead for the commissioner.) The judge, and the Commissioner who was at the hearing, went on at length abouth the fact that no one submitted their DA contracts to the PUC (as requested in the document the PUC issued asking folks to submit comments on the issues). Our attorney and the attorneys for suppliers and customers told them that 1) the Commission didn't need to see the actual contracts to get the information necessary via hearings to decide the issues and 2) the Commission doesn't have the authority to ask to see contracts and they ain't likely going to get them without a fight. Though the probability many not be high, there is at least the chance that the Commission may try to subpoena folks to get the contracts.  Seems prudent to at least be prepared for the possiblity. Interestingly, Edison made a run at getting the Commission to implement by January 1 its proposal to charge all customers--DA and bundled alike--for Edison's undercollection. The judge (literally) laughed off the request, and then said no. As a result, Edison didn't get the leverage it was hoping for prior to our follow up meeting with them tomorrow to discuss the Negative CTC issue. The judge also gave the DWR representative a pretty good thrashing, e.g., "why are you here, you refuse to be a party, you refuse to provide info," etc. From today's hearing it appears that DWR will come under increasing pressure to open the kimono and have its numbers scrutinized. In related news, Davis has announced that he's asked Sempra to meet to renegotiate their DWR contract and said that he'd thus far met with two other generators in "serious negotitations." 
 interesting to say the least.  great case for b-school.  you still in texas? 
 No new details to report.  Same settlement to unbundle socal that's been before the commission for about a year.  On the commission's agenda to consider, but as has been the case for over year, they've delayed any movement--at least one commissioner doesn't like competition and has the discretion to continue to ask that it be delayed.  Some hold the view that there's a push to try to get it moved, but best guess is 50-50 at this point.  Substantively, though, same thing that's been before them for a very long time, i.e., emulate PG&E's gas accord (more or less) on socal.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings folks.  The folks doing the appeal have asked me to inquire if you folks would be willing to sign on.  They understand (as do we) that the likelihood of prevailing is slim, but feel that beating the drum is important in continued effort to maintain current DA status and to attempt to preserve it going forward.  (DA seems to need all the help it can muster given that Karl Wood and Bob Barnett appear to have control of the issue at the PUC.) Could you let me know either way if you'll sign on.  Dorothy, talked to Keith yesterday, who said you'd be making the call on this one.  Thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff 
 You bet. 
 gracias. 
 April:  Could you please distribute this to the office?  Thanks a bunch.  Greetings Folks:  Tired of thinking about related-party transactions, SEC probes and re-stated earnings?  Well, here's a chance to take your mind off of things.  I've got a pair of exceptional 49er tickets--lowest section in 2nd tier, right on the 50 yardline. (My girlfriend's parents season tickets. I can't use them--in fact, ain't crazy about football)  They're playing the Saints, which will be a great game.  I'm selling them for face value, which is $50 each.  Like to be able to give them to someone in the office if possible.  If you're interested, please let me know ASAP.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Indicates where CMTA is on key bills working their way through California's wacked out Legislature.  Best, Jeff 
 =20 
 Yesterday, Riordan kicked things off in California.  He focused squarely on energy.  He made three key, and interesting points.  The contracts Davis signed are a huge mistake for California that must be fixed. If elected, Riordan would immediately eliminate Davis' Public Power Authority. If elected, Riordan would have California join a west-wide RTO.  I'll try to rustle-up some press accounts of his remarks.  Best, Jeff 
 Hey, buddie.  Mike and Sue still differ.  We're getting the transcript to verify.  I told them both that this is not something we should make a big issue out of since what the judge said in a "quip" from the bench will in no way alter our strategy or tactics.  They both agreed.  Soon as we get the transcript, we'll fill you in.  Let me know if this works for you.  (Please be easy with Sue, she's pretty tense.)  Best, Jeff 
 They're yours.  Just let me know as soon as you can if you'd like them.  Hope you're doing well.  Stay buckled up.  It's bumpy out there.  But at least they're starting to publicly clean house.  Best, Jeff 
 Haven't seen any DA statements yet. 
 this sunday. 
 they're yours!  and, it comes with a new car!  and a case of turtle wax! 
 FYI. 
 oh joy. 
 Understanding that many things can change dramatically between now and next Thursday, we are nonetheless scheduled to call Jim Scilacci at 4 PM CST on Thursday, November 15th.  Best, Jeff 
 Josh.  Been in a meeting all morning.  Think I missed the bidding.  If I can't get in, here are my bids:  E280--Real Estate & Urban Land:  	500 pts E286--Global Strategy:			500 pts  If this won't work, just let me know. Sorry for any mixup.  Best, Jeff 
 There's a tourney tomorrow, and those NOT in the tourney can play on a first-come, first-serve basis from noon to 2PM.  I say that we get to the club by 11:45 AM.  You guys game? 
 FYI. 
 FYI. 
 As we anticipated, today's call did not advance the ball from where we left off last week with Edison. Edison is sticking to its guns, claiming that all customers, DA and bundled alike, should pay for Edison's undercollection, i.e., they don't owe us money, we owe them money. The call was short and ended with an agreement that: 1) we'll both continue plodding along in the PUC process with all the other stakeholders who are arguing over these issues, 2) we'll keep lines of communication open--to the extend that anyone has any new ideas they want to share, contacts will 	be made, and 3) if nothing has happened at the PUC by the time Edison starts readying itself to pay people in Q1'02, then we'll get together 	to try to get agreement on a number as the PUC process continues to work itself out.  If anyone has any questions, just let us know.  Best, Jeff 
 Rick: It's hard to articulate, so I'll just say that you're doing a phenomenal job.  Whatever happens, you have an incredible amount to proud of, not the least of which is how you've handled things during these very tough times.  Please remember that there's alot of folks out there that appreciate what you're doing and care about you alot.  And then there's your family, which is the most important thing.  Thanks again for your efforts.  Talk to you soon.  Keep hanging in there.  Best, Jeff 
 No.  what do they do? 
 great time.  SO sorry I passed out.  Man, I just suddently hit the wall.  On the Jay thing.  There's no pressure at all.  If you guys are uncertain, that's no problem.  Just need you to understand that I'm moving ahead.  Most importantly in the near term.  Are you guys hip on sharing the cost of getting appraisals?  Just let me know.  And again, let's keep this light.  No frictions.  Everyone needs to feel comfortable with where they are, etc. etc. etc.  Worse thing in the world is to let biz/finances get in the way of friendships.  Keep your taht moh rising. 
 FYI. 
 what's pepcid.  he has NO idea.  is he sure it ain't something fatal?  poor annie. 
 Rick: We need to add Janet on the call with Belden and Vicki?  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Josh: Sorry to bother you.  But just wanted to be certain.  By my tally, I only need to take 3 units next semester (spring) to graduate (I'm taking 7 units this semester). Is there anyway to get that "officially" verified through the office?  Thanks much.  Best, Jeff 
 Hey darlin'.  You on this list, too.  Crazy, non?  Well, what isn't crazy these days?  Hope you're OK. 
 Well, that's not helpful. Won't make things any easier.  Are they an ARM member?  I'll let the large customer groups know.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings.  I'm assuming that we're still on for the call.  Let me know.  Hope things have calmed down somewhat since the deal was announced on Friday.  Best, Jeff 
 Rick:  With everything else going on, I apologize for raising this issue, but I'm concerned that if I don't, it may fall through the cracks.  I just realized over the weekend that within the next few weeks, I will have paid the full balance on tuition for the Fall 2001 semester in Berkeley's MBA program that I've been in since 1999.  (By the end of this semester, I will have finished 37 of the 40 units that are required to complete the program).  Naturally, I'd like to get reimbursed for the Fall semester's tuition, but I'm concerned that recent events create uncertainty at just about every level of the company.  I know you've got a hell of alot on your plate right now, so there's no need to discuss immediately.  I simply wanted to get it on the radar screen.  Whenever you get a free minute, give me a ring and we can talk about it further. Take care, and thanks for listening.  Best, Jeff  PS Given DYN and ENE share prices today, looks like the market loves the combination.  That's pretty nice.  (Wouldn't know it by what Rebecca Smith keeps writing, though.  Gives the impression that she won't be content until we're reduced to ashes--shame.) 
   FYI.  Edison has been successful at peeling off one of the ESPs--New West.  Seems that in exchange for getting paid negative CTCs, New West may have agreed to take the position that all DA customers should be charged for Edison's undercollection. I'm not aware of any other ESPs that are willing to take that position.  The salient quote in New West's "supplemental" PHC statement reads:  "It is the position of New West Energy that all customers, both bundled service customers and direct access customers, are equally responsible for payment of the net undercollections.  Fairness dictates that bundled customers and direct access customers are both assessed their fair share of the responsibility for repaying the amount of the net undercollections as may be determined by the Commission."  Obviously, not a helpful statement.  New West's supplemental PHC statement is attached.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi.  Could you re-email the ARM press release re: supreme court?  I want to distribute it around a bit.  Thanks. 
 FYI.  I notified the large customers and it appears they've taken it upon themselves to notify some of New West's customers of New West's new, "supplemental" position. 
 You think I should submit the reimbursement now, before the semester ends, just to get it in the door?  They should reserve a place for Fessler at the same place Davis deserves to go--history's trash heap.  You know that Fessler works with Klauberg, right?  Some people you just can't get rid of....  Best, Jeff 
 I'm assuming that these are the sorts of things we should hold off on? 
 Thanks.  Good luck.  Should be interesting. =20 Best, Jeff 
 This is very sad.  Prentice (now one of PWC's finest) and I talked and here's where I come out.  I love Annie and want to remember her the way she is.  And I bet she would feel the same way.  All the chemo gets her is a little more time, and who knows how long, and the quality of extended life is likely to be very low.  It's really hard, but I think that the best thing for Annie, and everyone else, is for Annie to go to sleep, peacefully and quietly.  I hope you don't mind, but I'd like to pass on the 6 o'clock phone call.  I hope you understand.  I'll be at your place on Thursday to see her.  Best, Jeff 
 will do. 
 do you have rory's email address? 
 Hi Avram.  Meet Rory, Prentice's brother and computer guru-type.  Rory and I talked a little bit about what you're looking for, so I thought I'd just go ahead and facilitate a little chat room here.  Avram, could you explain one more time to Rory exactly what it is that you're looking for, just to make sure that I've accurately and adequately described the situation?  Rory has some ideas.  Best, Jeff 
 Thought I'd add Eldon, too, since he likely has some ideas and information, too. 
 Hi:  Sorry to bug you--know things are crazy--but just checking in on the presentations we talked about yesterday.  Best, Jeff 
 Yes. Hadn't planned on going. 
 talked to roger again.  give me a call when you get a chance.  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you. Will there be a call-in number?  And who else do we expect on the call? 
 i'm here. 415.782.7822. jeff 
 Will do.  Won't have it expand beyond that, unless Belden, Vicki or Janet specifically want someone else.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm at my desk.  Jeff 
 He got me.  Thanks. 
 http://www.pge.com/customer_services/business/tariffs/pxdy0011.html 
 where's this leave mcmahon? 
 Thanks a million for your help on this.  On first glance, these look great.  I'll give you a ring tomorrow to discuss further.  Best, Jeff 
 No problem.  Man, for someone who doesn't know much, you sure know alot, based on the note you sent.  It's your call on today's lesson.  If you're feeling under the weather, then we can pass for today.  Otherwise, I'll show up at 4:30.  Just let me know.  And you can decide anytime between now and 3:30.  I don't know how much Eldon and Rory can help, but they're both real knowledgeable and generally love thinking about this kind of stuff.  Best, Jeff 
 Who loves ya baby?  Hey, don't say anything to Karen, or her parents, but I'd like to get something for her parents as a thank you for Gloucester.  What sorts of things do they like?  You heard that Prentice got a job offer from Price Waterhouse?!  See you on Friday!  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings folks:  We will temporarily suspend the Wednesday, 11:30 AM call until things settle down a bit.  If something crops up, we can set up a call to discuss.  In the meantime, we'll be communicating regularly outside the call.  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks again for the stuff.  I can take it from here.  Two quick questions. 1) Is there anything that's top secret that I shouldn't be talking about? 2) Do we have anything for LNG activity similar to the slides on incremental interstate pipeline capacity?  Thanks again.  I'll let you know if anything interesting comes up.  Best, Jeff 
 Centrica's gain.  Enron's loss.  The very best of luck to you.  It certainl= y has been a pleasure and I hope our paths cross again soon.  All the best, Jeff 
 i'm back. 415.782.7822.  jeff 
 Thanks alot. 
 Hi Evie: As you know Edison is being, well, Edison about just about everything at the PUC.  I think that we actually have some leverage with PG&E, however.  I've helped to broker a meeting between large customers and PG&E (Tom Botorff and Dan Richard) this Friday at 1:30 PM after DJ's meeting.  DJ and Delainey are organizing  The (basic) idea is to see if there is some way to strike a "reasonable" deal on the DA/cost allocation issues with PG&E, which could then be submitted to PUC around Edison, which seems hell bent on piling as many costs on business customers as possible.  At the first meeting, we want to spend a very brief amount of time determining 1) what matters to people 2) where people on the issues and 3) PG&E's willingness to deal.  The goal is to find out if there's any room for a deal.  Should not take a long time.  I hope you can attend, since the meeting will be significantly less productive if you're not there, and who knows, it may lead to something that permits us to go around Edison.  Likely attendees are CMTA, CLECA, the Chamber, you (hopefully), PG&E and me.  Will Mike Kahl be at DJ's meeting?  Best, Jeff 
 plz call me when you get a minute.  thx, jeff 
 Dan:  I wanted to follow up on our discussion last week regarding the peaker we're helping Lodi to develop.  The project is a peaker plant inside Lodi's territory, with the power sold to DWR. The deal is both price and time sensitive (no surprise there).  Needs to be on line Q3/Q4, 2002, at a price that's in line with price negotiated with DWR. For the gas interconnect, your folks tell us that the project requires $8-$11 MM in system upgrades that will take 14-16 months to complete. By contrast, the project could connect directly to Lodi's gas storage facility for about $2.6 MM and could be completed in about 4-6 months. In short, PG&E's offers blows through both the time and price constraints; the Lodi option accommodates both very well. We are very senstive to the tariff revenues you would forgo via a direct connect to Lodi and potential concerns regarding precedent over connecting directly to the storage facility. Therefore, 1) we'd be willing to pay the local distribution tariff price, irrespective of being connected directly to the Lodi facility, 2) we'd be willing to switch over and connect with PG&E once the upgrades in the Lodi/Stockton area are done, and 3) we'd agree that the direct connection with Lodi should be viewed as a "special case" (and not precendent) with the goal of avoiding exacerbating California's problems with supply shortages.  Thanks for listening. Let me know what you think.  Best, Jeff 
 If we do it Sunday morning, I'm game. 
 Thanks very much. 
 Thanks. 
 Yeah, I found this out last night as was going to tell you about it. 
 Thanks so much.  That sounds great.  What day of week is the 7th? 
 I recommend that we just stick to one of the three that Joseph originally to the time and effort to select.  Any chance of salvaging any of those?  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings: Left you a voicemail over the weekend.  Was traveling Thurs/Fri, but got a chance to look at your reorg memo, and listened in on the call on Friday.  I've got a few questions.  You have 15-20 minutes today to discuss a bit?  Greatly appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 when you intend to make counter to PG&E?  10Q out yet? 
 Thanks.  I'm on the California 8:30 (pst) call till about 9:30.  Best, Jeff 
 Only one call.  It's at 1PM CST.  Call if there's anything else. Best,Jeff 
 This is pretty big stuff and moving pretty quickly.  Understanding that times are crazy, and that it's a holiday week, if we could nonetheless begin discussing tomorrow, or even late today, that would be very useful.  Best, Jeff 
 Not all, but some.  I'll give you a ring to discuss more. 
 Wow, there is a God.  Thanks.  Have a great weekend.  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you.  Pretty interesting. 
 thanks. 
 I thought you folks were involved in this program and supported it, but I may have it all wrong.  In any case, please see attached regarding utilities joint proposal on implementing the DA suspension.  Community Aggregation would not be allowed after Sept 20th.  Is anything you care about and/or have a position on?  Thanks very much. Hope you're well.  Best, Jeff 
 No problem.  Give me a little time and I'll get you some names.  What's your timeframe?  (Probably yesterday, right?)  Best, Jeff 
 Sorry.  Was covering a meeting up the street.  Got your message.  I'm back.  You know there are rumors flying around about you in London?  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings: Just wanted to check in to let you know that I've taken another step in getting meetings with the GM of both Anaheim and SMUD.  Will let you know.  Ain't moving at a lightening pace, but there's progress.  Best, Jeff 
 Jeanne:  Do you have a copy of the procurement OIR?  Could you email it to me if you do? Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 It's more complicated still.  A crazy commissioner at the CPUC now wants to require everyone to submit their DA contracts to Commission for review.  It's attached.  Folks are going to oppose it very strongly.  I'm available to talk.  I'm not sure that the Oct. 5th date has got legs.  Best, Jeff 
 My apologies for the delay.  About three other bonfires cropped up after I talked to you.  In any case, the answer to your question, is yes, we can switch our customers to dual billing if we choose to do so.  If you have any other questions, just let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 You're a helluva guy.  I'm damned proud to be associated with you, and hope= to continue in the future.  If we don't get a chance to talk between now a= nd tomorrow, have a great Thanksgiving.  And Rick, I'm not a very religious= guy, but god bless you.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, Dan.  I'm having a very difficult time seeing how Enron will have a= ny choice other than to vigorously (and respectfully) 1) decline to offer u= p any contracts and 2) assert our view that Karl Wood it is unfair to attem= pt to impose any quid pro quo, i.e., forcing folks to waive their due proce= ss rights by declining to hand contracts over to Karl. =20 Best, Jeff 
 you got it. 
 Very yummy dinner.  So light.  So fluffy.  Your friend Renee is very nice. Thanks. 
 dude:  you guys won first (even after those bad picks you made).  Congratz.  don't look over your shoulder, cuz we're right on your heels! 
 So sorry to hear about your nose.  How bad is it? Swollen?  Your eyes OK?  Expected to heal quickly? 
 Greetings Dan:  Few things.  Chris Warner did an extremely good job of talking about your plan at DJ's thing in Yountville. Thanks a million for helping to identify someone who's a bit more "outside the box" to help on the Lodi power plant/gas storage deal.  Any indication of who that person might be? We're anxious to start meeting with them. Any word on getting a conference call together with the large customers? Finally, have you told the PUC yet that you won't be filing any stinking GRC?  If so, how have they reacted?  Have a great holiday weekend.  Best, Jeff 
 wouldn't miss it.  how's lil' annie doing? 
 "paid" is right.  jeff just keeps paying, and paying, and paying... 
 got your message and sorry i didn't get back to you.  wanted to thank you very much for taking the time on such short notice, and, from what I've heard from others, for having done an outstanding job.  Thanks again.  And yes, we'll take the victories when we can get them.  Best, Jeff 
 prentice's haas address is no longer valid.  you'll need to send to "psellers@pacbell.net." 
 Looks like the market ain't crazy about our 10Q. You get the go ahead from Whalley on PG&E? 
 how'd it go?  and how you doing? 
 i'm back in office. jeff 
 oo la la is right! 
 Hi.  I read Karl's ruling on the contracts.  Just about had it with that bozo.  I'm assuming that the customers are going to resist? 
 Hey man, you feeling any better? 
 what would you like me to bring and/or do for Friday? 
 Hello:  First, forget it all and have a wonderful holiday.  Second, given the immense challenges, I've been instructed to get major expenses in and paid.  So I sent to Rick in a confidential folder my tuition reimbursement form for school.  Do you know if he got it?  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks very much.  If possible, I'd like to listen in.  That possible? And have a very nice holiday.  Best, Jeff 
 test 
 test 
 Very quick and dirty--not even fully proofed.   But wanted to get something out for folks to shoot at.  Let me know your thoughts. Sure I've missed about a million things and mucked up about the same amount.  Happy Thanksgiving.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm in.  thanks so much.  Best, Jeff 
 Steve:  Here's our assessment of Wright's performance in California.  On the plus side: He is generally pro-business, and has opposed bills that threaten economic growth, e.g., he opposed the windfall profits, and related, bills. He sided with the California Assembly Republicans to craft an alternative to the "MOU" for Edison that included direct access as a core feature of any MOU. His decision to work with the Republicans helped move the political "center of gravity"--albeit marginally--more favorably toward direct access in California.  On the negative side: In each and every case that Rod has had to make a choice between the market, customers and competition on the one hand, and the utility on the other, he has never waivered in his decision--he always put the utility first. Here are three examples (and there are more): 1) 	During this extraordinary session, he sponsored a bill that would have explicitly created a "stranded cost charge" for utilities. 	Yet by most accounts, Californians have already paid off the utilties' stranded costs.  How many times must Californians pay? 	We worked with consumer and business 	groups to oppose the bill. 2)	In the "alternative MOU" that Rod worked on with Republicans, the Replicans told us that Rod insisted on suspending Direct 	Access until January 1, 2003--a demand that most believe originated with Edison. 3)	Rod sponsored a bill two years ago that would prevent any market participant other than the utilities to provide metering and 	billing services.  Today, this issue is less important to us, but it was very important to us at the time, and Rod remained 	unswervingly in the utilities' camp, despite our efforts.  Hope this helps.  If you need any other information, just let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Here it is.  Apologies that it's very sketchy and barely proofed, but wanted to get something out to folks to shoot at.  Have a great holiday.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 PG&E called.  They want to set up a conference call to brief us on the gas piece of their POR that they'll be filing with FERC around November 30th.  They want to try to do it in the next couple of weeks. Please let me know if you're interested and please pass this along to anyone else who might be interested.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, Lamar.  Geoff, could you let us know how it goes with the customer and if this a mix-up on the customer's end.  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks very much. 
 Thanks so much for the call back.  Here it is.  It's got temperature and %RH from end of May to early November.  Couple of things.  I tried to keep and save heat days (cumulative) on the graph, but for some reason, it won't stick.  I'm assuming that you know how to add just about anything you want to the graph.  If not, let me know.  Also, the data should be cut off for about a week at both the front end and the back end (to account for the time that it was in my apartment prior to setting in up on the property, and before I was able to download it in November).  Once you get a chance to look at, give a call and let me know what you think.  If the temperature range looks like it's around the ballpark for vines, I'll want to get Terry Rosetti up to do some soil testing, but wanted to get your take on the temperature, etc. first.  Really appreciate all your help.  My number is 415.782.7822.  Best, Jeff 
 Sue: This woman from NewWest is driving me crazy.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings: I just talked to Marcie.  She's interested, but wants some more info to examine before setting up a meeting.  Aren't there some press articles about the sort of muni partnerships you want to pursue with SMUD and Anaheim?  Do we have anything else that I can email to her to wet her whistle for the meeting?  Will get back to you very soon about meeting with Schori at SMUD.  Best, Jeff 
 I have one tomorrow (09.25.01) at 10 AM. 
 Plan of Reorganization. 
 Can you forward me both?  I'll take a look at them. Maybe they'll do the trick.  Also, do you have that press article where we partnered with a muni (in Canada, I think)? 
 This time with attachment... 
 Thanks?  Brown going to vote for it? 
 Greetings Ms Denne: Hope your holiday was restful and relaxing.  A week or so ago, there was an article in the clips about Enron partnering with a muni (in Canada maybe) to provide retail energy services for the munis retail customers.  Could someone in your shop try to dig that up?  I need to get it to a CEO of a California muni for EES and I'll be darned if I can't locate it!  Greatly appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 Janelle: Here's an email and slightly modified PP presentation that I'd like to send to Marcie.  Let me know what you think.  Best, Jeff  *********************************************************************************************************************************  Hi Marcie:  Congratulations again on your new role at Anaheim.  Elena tells me that you're having a great time.  Thanks for taking the time to talk a little bit about the strategic alliances Enron is forming with public power.	We're excited about our alliance model because it offers a true win-win for municipal power companies and their customers.  I've attached a power point presentation that provides an overview of the program.  In sum, the initiative offers public power systems leading edge competitive retail energy and risk management products and services for their commercial and industrial electric customers, using their own brand name.  Since EES retains and manages all price and product related risks, our alliance partners are freed up to offer their customers valuable and sought after products and services with no additional risk.  Here are some of the program's highlights:  Enabling our alliance partners to provide their customers with products and services that are superior to what competitive suppliers are offering, reaffirming the value of public power and a strong customer focus.  Our alliance partners maintain exclusive control over customer relationships and continue to market power under their own name.  Our market-tested and accepted products and services allow your customers to better manage costs, reduce operational and financial risks and focus on their core business activities  Our alliance partners do not take on any price risk related to these products.  Products and services customization further enable our alliance partners to spur economic development and maintain customer retention.  Innovative financial solutions that allow companies to upgrade industrial facilities and energy infrastructure, including energy consuming equipment and demand-side management programs, without diverting capital from their core businesses.  Thanks again for taking the time to talk yesterday.  If you have any questions, give me a call at 415.782.7822, and I'll call you in the next few days about arranging a time that we can meet with you in beautiful Southern California.  All the best, Jeff 
 and we ate more last night and we're still alive.  Thanks very much for your hospitality and a really fun time. 
 Thanks.  If we ever get out of this mess, you can rest assured that I'll help out.  Can you remind again right after the first of the year, at which time we should have a better idea of where this ship is heading?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 please review this one.  i just read the contract and there is no end date.  it's open-ended and simply says that we can end at our discretion. 
 Thanks very much for getting the contracts for me.  Please address one each to Bev and Hedy on our letter head so I can sign and send out today.  Thanks a bunch. 
 Scott: Here are the foundations that ARM will use in its appeal of the PUC decision suspending DA (and threats to make it retroactive to July 1).  You should feel free to share with the business folks but under the condition that they keep it confidential.  And of course, we'd be thrilled if they'd sign on.  If you have any questions, just holler. Best, Jeff  The primary reasons cited for why rehearing should be granted are as follows: The Decision violates procedural due process guarantees. The failure to hold hearings violates Public Utilities Code section 1708.5(f). The Commission's reliance on material outside the record violates due process. The Decision violates the Commerce Clause of the United States Constitution. The threatened retroactivity is contrary to law and in excess of the Commission's authority. The Commission acted contrary to law and in excess of its authority. The Decision's purported findings are not supported. The Commission has impermissibly converted a ratemaking proceeding into a quasi-legislative proceeding. 
 The ARM group is going back and forth on what they want to say in their filing on the specifics of the DA suspension (many parties with many interests).  There continues to be debates over the specifics.  Soon as there is a draft that folks have reasonably agreed to, I'll send it to you.  If you have any questions, give a holler.  Best, Jeff 
 No problem. 
 Apologies just got back.  Can't make the call, but concur that we ought to stay where we were.  Not that the proposal doesn't merit discussion, but it raises many issues and we're down to the wire.  So I concur with Bill and Aaron.  Perhaps we should try to regroup first thing in the AM?  Best, Jeff 
 did i ask you to fax copies of the hedy/bev letter to ginger?  signed, al   ziemer 
 gracias 
 Thanks, Geoff.  May make sense to loop back with the woman at the PUC who contacted Jim originally about this account. Jim's been in contact with her before about some confusion with a UC account.  Jim was out yesterday and today, but I think that he'll be in tomorrow.  He may want to make the contact.  Jim, thoughts?  Best, Jeff 
 Will do.  Thanks again for getting to the bottom of it. 
 got that one covered too while you were out. 
 de nada 
 Sounds like were back at plan b. 
 You have a sense that the Alan departure was coming?  Too bad.  Nice, very capable guy.  Best, Jeff 
 that's neat.  please give them both my best. 
 call me.  thanks.  jeff 415.782.7822. 
 really sorry to bother you with this, but any idea of whether my tuition reimbursement has successfully made it's way through?  Thanks a million.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Looks like many are exploring.  Probably value in staying coordinate internally. I'll give Alan a call. Best, Jeff 
 Hey, just checking in to see if you're still out there.  What a story.  Hope you weathering things ok.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings.  Well, it's about over for the company known as Enron.  Ultimately I, and just about everyone else, am going to need to find a new job.  But it should be viewed as an opportunity rather than something less positive.  It's a shame that such a fun, interesting and bright group of people that had a very successful core franchise are now in such a messy situation due to a handful of folks who exercised (at a minimum) extremely poor judgment.  But it is what it is.  As for me, I'm dusting off my resume and getting ready to send it around. I've already had a few calls from "inquiring minds," so we'll we where things end up.  Thanks so much for the thoughts. Definitely crazy times, but I'm not getting to worked up about it.  And besides, Prentice has accepted PWC's offer, so I'm looking forward to housekeeping!  Best, Jeff 
 Well, I think that Enron's fate is going to affect everyone, including me. But no worries, I'll land on my feet.  Love to have tea, just let me know when.  How you doing? 
 You're a good man.  Thanks.  You may regret having offered, though, since there's an extremely good chance that I'm likely to take you up on it. 
 OK, now I'm getting choked up.  Thanks, man. 
 FYI.  Thank you both very much for your help on this.  Best, Jeff 
 For this week, we'd like to cancel both the Tuesday and Thursday calls and instead reschedule to Wednesday at 9 AM PDT (11 AM CDT).   We'll try to use the same call-in number. Scott, could you let Ken know of the plan?  Please let me know if this change presents a problem for anyone.  Best, Jeff 
 call me re: ISO.  Jeff 415.782.7822. 
 boy, you really did save this stuff.  i don't know who the author is, but, man, what a wit! 
 shoot me a draft of the withdrawal before you send it in so i can say that i reviewed prior to submission.  thanks.  Jeff 
 u hear about ISO?  give a call.  jeff 415.782.7822 
 Thanks very much.  Really appreciate the help.  I'll submit them just as soon as I get them.  Have a nice weekend, despite it all.  Best, Jeff 
 You've really been nice about this.  Thanks very much.  Could I stay in SF and work for NEG?  And  people don't really hate me, do they?  (Kidding.)  I'll give Dan a call.  Have a great weekend.  Best, Jeff 
 A regulah laugh riot, that's what she is.  Prentice, you're the best birthday present I could ever have--even better than money.  xoxoxox 
 Thanks, and ditto, my friend.  You're a rare individual at the company.  An= d it shows.  Please be sure to spend a little time looking after yourself a= nd your loved ones, since you've been doing a great job spending so much ti= me caring and looking out for the rest of us.  Best, Jeff 
 should i stop working?  no big deal, really.  but don't want to continue, if it doesn't make sense.  thanks, jeff 
 Thank you so much for all you've done for Annie.  You know that I've really come to love that crazy dog, and it meant a lot that you and Eldon were always so caring.  She is truly a lovely dog and I'll miss her immensely, but it helps that everyone was so loving.  And I'm really sorry that I couldn't be there for her today, but the Enron thing is really a mess and I've got responsibilities on that front that I just can't pass off. Thanks again so much for everything.  Hugs, Jeff 
 Oops.  Yeah, Aleck.  Too bad.  Talked to Sue. She's fine with it.  Will call Pat shortly. 
 All the very best to you and yours.  See on 1400Smith.com.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm going to work the rest of the day from home--I will be working, though (it's just not easy to work from the office today, as you can imagine).  You can reach me by email and cell phone 415.505.6633.  Hang in there buddy.  Best, Jeff 
 Will do.  Computer just got back up! 
 Many thanks to Elizabeth and Margo for helping to get email working again.  Best, Jeff 
 I'll call you very soon. 
 what's "sheltercorp?" 
 my email's back up....................................for now.  Best, Jeff 
 call when you can.  thanks.  jeff 
 Perhaps, given Nancy's note, you didn't get my previous email saying that I'm back up (for now).  Greetings all.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi.  Could you keep Annie's leash(es) and collars? 
 Dude: You started searching for ski gear for Cameron yet?  Love to work on it together, if possible.  Maybe, if we're buying two sets of skis, boots, poles, we'll get a discount.  You still plan on getting that?  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings.  Last night, we were hanging out the the CEO of Cameron's company and it turns out that he's a recording freak with unbelievable equipment and he'd likely be willing to record a TRUE BLUE CD FOR FREE.  Give a call when you get a minute.  415.782.7822.  Best, Jeff 
 Where have you heard that?  And what is it saying?  PS I don't think that "To Welsh" is a politically correct term.  Best, Jeff 
 call when u can.  IOUs jointly filed w/PUC saying "no assignments."  Jeff 
 Greetings.  Please forgive me for not getting back to you more promptly.  Here's the latest:  As you know, I'm finishing up my MBA at Berkelely (I'll have but one class left to take next semester!).  Finals/projects, etc. are all done/due, etc. next week, so as you can imagine it's very crazy. In addition, I (we) had to put the sweetest dog in the world to sleep this week, and the Enron thing's been nothing compared to that. (I'd ask, "what next?", but I'm afraid to ask.....) However, none of this constitutes an excuse for not getting back to you, so I apologize. OK, back to Enron. It's a mess (surprise). I'm still with the company--not sure for how long, however.  At least through the end of the year, it appears. Sue and Joseph have left.  If you'd like their contact information, I'd be happy to provide it. We're trying to transfer our DA contracts to other ESPs, but the utilities, Carl Wood and some others want to make it difficult, if not impossible. Though difficult as it may seem to believe, I'm actually doing OK (engaging in lots of zen buddist stuff) and I do promise to give each of you a ring to catch up very soon. This week's a little tough just because with school and "the mess," I'm a tad preoccupied. HOWEVER, your calls and nice thoughts are extremely welcomed and greatly appreciated.  Thanks so much.  Will talk to you soon and hope you're doing well.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings:  First, thanks for the pizza.  Second, in line with the "role play" that you described in class and in the handout for the project, we took your direction to heart and tried to make our presentation slides very free of jargon, spreadsheets, reams of numbers, etc..  Given the end-of-semester work load, we, like everyone else, are very appreciative that we will only have to turn in the presentation and the spreadsheet for the project.  Given the change, if you would like, we would be happy to "beef up" the presentation to include more numbers, jargon and other technical gems, though the spreadsheet lays out most of that information pretty well.  Whichever way you prefer is fine by us.  Just let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Joseph:  Good news!  Wallace decided last night that we don't have to do a write-up for project after all.  All we have to do is turn in the presentation and the spreadsheet.  I've written her an email, telling her that we followed directions closely on the presentation (i.e., very simply, no jargon, spreadsheets, lots of technical crap, etc.) and wanted to make sure that that would acceptably when we turn it in, or  if she expected some "beefing up."  I plant to spend a little time with my slides and the spreadsheet (though not much!), just to make a bit better.  I'll let you know how she responds.  Great job by all.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi.  Hey, I can't open this.  Hugs, Jeff 
 Thanks, very much Alan.  Hedy, Bev and Scott are still technically on board until the end of the month, but that's fairly "ceremonial," so to speak.  Let's do this.  I'll give Hedy a call and see if they'd be willing to attend and report back. In my view, given the circumstances, if they've got conflicts and can't make it, I'm not inclinded to push it.  Sound reasonable?  Best, Jeff 
 Paul: Thanks very much for the note.  For the moment, we do still intend to go ahead with the projects and will stay in very close contact with you should the situation change.  If you have any questions, please let me know.  Best, Jeff 
   Here's where I left off:  At least 3 things that need to be included:  1. Port exercises prepay. 2. ABM sells lease (capital gains?). 3. Depreciation expense/benefit.  Take a peek and let me know what you think.  Kisses, Jeff 
 Got your message. Likely makes sense to also call Evie Elsesser and Dan Carroll.  Let me know if there's anything else.  Best, Jeff 
 Great.  You know this is a pure "lobbyist" meeting, right?  You may want to do by phone, if possible.  Your call. 
 Greetings Professor: I regret that I was unable to attend class last night.  Few items:  --I assume that you returned papers.  I will be on campus tomorrow and can pick it up then if you like.  Or if you'd prefer, you can drop it in my box in the student room at Haas (evening MBA boxes).  Or if you'd like to make some other arrangement, just let me know.  --I assume that our third paper is due by close-of-business on Wednesday, December 12.  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 Here's my take.  Alan's got an airplane ticket to go down and attend the lobbyist meeting.  From my perspective, there is very little value in that activity.  However, if Scott wanted to go and report back, then a) he gets information which likely doesn't hurt their business and b) the "Estate" doesn't incur the cost of Alan traveling to Sacramento to a meeting that likely won't have a huge amount of value.  But if Scott ain't interested, he ain't interested.  That's my take.  Best, Jeff 
 what's up? 
 Thanks Robert.  Sounds good. FYI.  Prentice and I are getting Haley the portable CD player. 
 Please forgive me for continuing with this, but ENA just told me that they talked to Jeremy about 90 minutes ago and they had the view that there was still some uncertainty regarding whether Hansen had been included in the 24 contracts.  I told them that I'd already spoken with you folks and that Hansen was on the list.  Let me know if I'm missing something here.  Again, apologize for keeping on about it.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks very much?  Does that mean that the Hansen contract would be sold as a stand-alone asset? 
 Thanks for getting in touch.  Yes, we can schedule.  Do you know who all would participate?  Best, Jeff 
 As soon as I get my grades (which I hope will be mid-late December), I'll send them to Ginger in the attempt to get tuition reimbursed.  But don't worry, I have extremely low expectations about the likelihood of getting reimbursed.  This plan make sense?  Best, Jeff 
 2:30-4:00 (CDT) 
 Thanks. 
 FYI. 
 thanks. 
 Had a long chat with UC that I'd like to pass along, and a couple of additional issues arose in the course of the talk that I'd also like to discuss.  Is it possible to talk for 15 minutes first thing in the morning.  Best, Jeff 
 so you guys want to come by P&C's before dinner at La Folie, or do just want to meet at the restaurant?  Be great if you could come by and have a glass of champagne first.  Best, Jeff 
 Ain't got it yet.  415.782.7854.  Thanks a million. 
 Greetings. You decide to have a call of the walking wounded today?  Best, Jeff 
 got the fax.  thanks. 
 Prentice left her phone with me, so if you need to get a hold of her, it's going to be a little tough till later on.  Jeff 
 Thanks. you do the same. 
 Could you please refresh my memory of the other person in the group who's working on California?  Thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks so much.  I'll email when faxed.  Best, Jeff 
 One other thing.  I just had coffee with a former business colleague.  She is preliminary stages of starting a new, private science and tech high school (in conjunction with Cathedral in SF--Episcopalian folks).  I told her that you would be a good person to talk to w.r.t. setting up board, staff, etc.  She's very interested. She is an extremely neat person who I think you would like a lot.  Are you interested in talking to her?  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings professor:  Should be coming over your fax machine any minute.  Have a very nice holiday and thanks for a very interesting, thought-provoking and challenging course.  Best, Jeff 
 we taking a break before starting with issues memo?  jeff 
 call continuing?  jeff 
 u find it?  bond is $25K.  reg is $1K.  jeff 
 Greetings.  I plan to turn the final in tomorrow.  But I have a quick question about homework number 4.  Is it possible to call you today to ask what I hope will be a 5 minute question?  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 You have just used your quota of exclamation points for the remainder of this year and for all of 2002.  It was very fun. 
 may have them sold.  $50 apiece? 
 So you're the one who gave me this cold.  Just wanted to let you know that I've been working on the resume (in between work and finals) and will try to have you a draft by end of this week, or next Monday.  Get better.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm in.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  My apologies, Melinda.  I will remember.  Bear with me.  Lots of new names associated with California these days.  Best, Jeff 
 Very sweet.  Thanks.  Well, I tried.  No taker on the tickets.  Looks like you'll have to give them to your Neanderthal friend.  Or what about Jack and dottie? 
 call me. jeff.  415.782.7822. 
 call me.  re: PUC inquiry.  looks like it will move fast--w/testimony.  jeff 
 Hey.  I'm still trying to get through school and now I've come down with a = cold, so I need to take a pass on tomorrow's lesson.  Any chance of coming = on Friday.  I don't know what shape I'll be in, but if there's an opening, = maybe I can make it. =20 Best, Jeff 
 I'd love tickets. but don't kill yourself over.  Get better--cold's not bad, but it's damned annoying. 
 The trust could not run deeper.  Just to clarify, we'll want to focus solely and exclusively on the registration.  We're not in arrears on the bond.....yet.  Thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff 
 Sweet. Thanks. 
 Nancy:  Here is the final.  Couple things.  The short answers are in the word document.  The long answers  are in two separate excel files.  I used the spreadsheet that you gave us to do the last long answer (the Fannie Mae question).  You can find the answer in a tab titled "Long Answer--Question IIb" and it's highlighted by yellow background.  The data for the problem is in the "data" tab.  Thanks again for a fantastic course and hope to run into you in the near future.  All the best, Jeff 
 Here they are.  Please let me know that you've received them.  Joseph:  good luck including duration to the correct spreadsheet!  And thanks for sending them along to Nancy.  Let's talk and figure out a time to get together.  Best, Jeff 
 will do.  what's your fax number? 
 Thanks again for your gracious hospitality over the weekend and a very happy anniversary.  Eldon, you were particularly nice to let me win at just about everything we did.  How much do I owe you for me and Prentice for the golf?  Best, Jeff 
 can you please fax thing we were faxing yesterday to jeremy.  i'm much obliged. 
 Just talked to the PUC.  Seems that EES is up-to-date on its registration and it's only EEMC that's not current.  Wade will get the 1K to Jeanne Bennett, who's filled out the requisite one-pager and will send check and paperwork to where it needs to get.  HOWEVER, the PUC person notified us that they previously received notice from the issuer of EEMC's security bond that EEMC's security has been canceled.  She said that we have until day-after-Xmas to get current on the bond.  She could not reveal who the issuer is and I don't have that info. Presumably someone in EES received notice that the issuer was canceling EEMC's security bond?  We need to get info on that.  We should therefore also double check that the the issuer of the EES security bond hasn't also canceled.  Let me know if you have any questions,  and let me know what we find out about the bond, or if there's anything I can do to assist.  Thanks, Jeff 
 Thanks.  Hanging in there about as well as everyone is.  No worries on getting back to me.  Just wanted to keep folks in the loop.  Been in contact with the desk.  Best of luck with the transaction. Enjoy the time off.  Talk to you in a couple days.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm not sure, but I have a sneaking suspicion that all you folks are finished this semester.  Just wanted to say congratulations.  I'm finished with this semester after today, but have one--that's one--class to take next semester to finish.  Also, though I can't make the ski trip this weekend, I definitely plan on skiing a lot this winter (maybe I'll see you at Squaw Deepikah), so let's stay in touch on the ski front.  Happy Holidays to all.  And if anyone has any questions on creative off-balance sheet financing or or the ins-and-outs of bankruptcy, please feel free to get in touch.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings: Just checking in.  What's up? Hope all is OK, or at least as OK as it can be.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings. Long time, no talk.  Just wanted to check in, say hello.  Hope, given these wild times, that all is well with you and yours.  Best, Jeff 
 Calpine has cratered to 13.15 at last look.  50MM shares traded today.  This is starting to look like the dot-com implosion. 
 Appreciate it.  Thanks. 
 She's gotta be freaking.  Can you imagine going through this twice!? 
 Cool. Enjoy the travel. 
 For anyone who hasn't seen it already, attached is an electronic version of California's PUC's decision to suspend DA.  Also attached at the end of the order is a very strong dissent signed by Commissioners Bilas and Duque.  Best, Jeff 
 hey, call me.  jeff 
 Hi Sandy: Can you and John make a call on Friday with Portland to discuss our response to the PUC questions?  Best, Jeff 
 How in the world did you get Brown to vote for the NGS?!  Very impressive.  Also, couldn't believe it when I saw Frank Lindh in the news.  My heart goes out to him.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks. 
 Thanks for forwarding them along.  At some point this evening, I'll be done with the semester.  Hope you guys are done soon, too.  Congratulations for another semester down, and ONE to go.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings Professor:  Attached is the final case for E278.  Could you confirm that you've received it?  Thanks for an interesting and stimulating course.  Have a great holiday and I hope that our paths cross sometime in the not-to-distant future.  All the best, Jeff 
 Gee, sure was nice of Andy Fastow to wish us all happy holidays.  You see the Lehrer News Hour spot on Enron last night?  Very ugly.  Sure seems like folks will be testifying before Congress (much) rather than later...Oh, and remind me to thank Anderson for their supportive comments--looks like a mud-fight is brewing.  Hope you're doing OK.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks for dinner.  Very yummy. 
 Any way for me to get a hold of Scott? 
 Commissioners Henry M. Duque and Richard A. Bilas, dissenting:  One could say that this order is consistent with the Administration's present third world country mentality. We are punishing the very consumers and providers who made a commitment to ensuring electric restructuring did work by adding a demand retail component to cure the dysfunctions in the wholesale market.  We are not convinced that the Department of Water Resources (DWR) bond ratings depend on killing direct access.  This notion is a scare tactic and a smoke screen. Direct access comprises such a small percentage of overall demand that it cannot reasonably be seen to be a threat to the sale of the bonds. Direct Access should be seen as a benefit to DWR.  It would decrease the amount of the utilities net short obligations and relieve DWR from its power purchasing responsibilities sooner.  Something else is going on here. We think that the DWR does not want direct access because if the public is presented with alternatives, it will make DWR's purchasing mistakes abundantly clear. The Commission should be holding hearings to test the assertions being made by DWR, Finance and the Treasurer.  Instead, the Commission is making an ill informed, panicked decision to act now and study the repercussions later.  DWR and the bonds should not be threatened by direct access if DWR is making prudent energy purchases. Only if DWR's contracts are too expensive, relative to market, will customers seek shelter in lower direct access prices. Indeed, retaining direct access as a way to send price signals to consumers may be the only way to place pressure on DWR to make more prudent purchases. This is a very important consideration since AB 1X prevents us from engaging in any prudency review of the DWR costs to be passed through to ratepayers in order to repay the bonds. If there is no yardstick, how can anyone measure DWR performance? The answer is, one can't, unless SB 18xx is signed into law.  We think that additional review of these issues, before suspending direct access, would have produced a more sound decision in the long run.  For these reasons we must respectfully dissent.     /s/ HENRY M. DUQUE				  /s/ RICHARD A. BILAS Henry M. Duque						Richard A. Bilas Commissioner					   Commissioner  September 20, 2001 
 you already looking to jump ship? 
 this represent a big shake up? 
 Greetings TJ:  Hope all is well with you and yours.  Two quick questions:  1) When can we expect to get our grades?  I have a tuition reimbursement "issue" and would like to get the grades ASAP.  Any idea?  Much appreciated.  2) Where do I go and how do I get there to uncover what classes I ended up getting in the bidding process.  Thanks for everything and have a great holiday.  Best, Jeff 
 None here. 
 Thanks. I'll take care of it. 
   Commissioners Henry M. Duque and Richard A. Bilas, dissenting:  One could say that this order is consistent with the Administration's present third world country mentality. We are punishing the very consumers and providers who made a commitment to ensuring electric restructuring did work by adding a demand retail component to cure the dysfunctions in the wholesale market.  We are not convinced that the Department of Water Resources (DWR) bond ratings depend on killing direct access.  This notion is a scare tactic and a smoke screen. Direct access comprises such a small percentage of overall demand that it cannot reasonably be seen to be a threat to the sale of the bonds. Direct Access should be seen as a benefit to DWR.  It would decrease the amount of the utilities net short obligations and relieve DWR from its power purchasing responsibilities sooner.  Something else is going on here. We think that the DWR does not want direct access because if the public is presented with alternatives, it will make DWR's purchasing mistakes abundantly clear. The Commission should be holding hearings to test the assertions being made by DWR, Finance and the Treasurer.  Instead, the Commission is making an ill informed, panicked decision to act now and study the repercussions later.  DWR and the bonds should not be threatened by direct access if DWR is making prudent energy purchases. Only if DWR's contracts are too expensive, relative to market, will customers seek shelter in lower direct access prices. Indeed, retaining direct access as a way to send price signals to consumers may be the only way to place pressure on DWR to make more prudent purchases. This is a very important consideration since AB 1X prevents us from engaging in any prudency review of the DWR costs to be passed through to ratepayers in order to repay the bonds. If there is no yardstick, how can anyone measure DWR performance? The answer is, one can't, unless SB 18xx is signed into law.  We think that additional review of these issues, before suspending direct access, would have produced a more sound decision in the long run.  For these reasons we must respectfully dissent.     /s/ HENRY M. DUQUE				  /s/ RICHARD A. BILAS Henry M. Duque						Richard A. Bilas Commissioner					   Commissioner  September 20, 2001 
 KIP:  FYI.  I'm still trying to find someone, anyone (other than Angelides and Davis) who oppose SB 18 XX.  Best, Jeff   Subject:	Dissent from Commissioners Bilas and Duque Opposing Suspension of DA    Commissioners Henry M. Duque and Richard A. Bilas, dissenting:  One could say that this order is consistent with the Administration's present third world country mentality. We are punishing the very consumers and providers who made a commitment to ensuring electric restructuring did work by adding a demand retail component to cure the dysfunctions in the wholesale market.  We are not convinced that the Department of Water Resources (DWR) bond ratings depend on killing direct access.  This notion is a scare tactic and a smoke screen. Direct access comprises such a small percentage of overall demand that it cannot reasonably be seen to be a threat to the sale of the bonds. Direct Access should be seen as a benefit to DWR.  It would decrease the amount of the utilities net short obligations and relieve DWR from its power purchasing responsibilities sooner.  Something else is going on here. We think that the DWR does not want direct access because if the public is presented with alternatives, it will make DWR's purchasing mistakes abundantly clear. The Commission should be holding hearings to test the assertions being made by DWR, Finance and the Treasurer.  Instead, the Commission is making an ill informed, panicked decision to act now and study the repercussions later.  DWR and the bonds should not be threatened by direct access if DWR is making prudent energy purchases. Only if DWR's contracts are too expensive, relative to market, will customers seek shelter in lower direct access prices. Indeed, retaining direct access as a way to send price signals to consumers may be the only way to place pressure on DWR to make more prudent purchases. This is a very important consideration since AB 1X prevents us from engaging in any prudency review of the DWR costs to be passed through to ratepayers in order to repay the bonds. If there is no yardstick, how can anyone measure DWR performance? The answer is, one can't, unless SB 18xx is signed into law.  We think that additional review of these issues, before suspending direct access, would have produced a more sound decision in the long run.  For these reasons we must respectfully dissent.     /s/ HENRY M. DUQUE				  /s/ RICHARD A. BILAS Henry M. Duque						Richard A. Bilas Commissioner					   Commissioner  September 20, 2001 
 FYI. Sac Bee did a very big story recounting its version of how CA's electric market got upside down.  Cites Enron scheduling a large block of power over a "small" tx line as an indicator.  Also cites the dinner Davis had with generators leading up to the crisis, where, the paper says, the generators warned him, but Davis took the money and did nothing.  Best,  Jeff 
 FYI: On the call today with Jeremy Blachman & Co. today, we decided to the do the following:  Sue will make sure that EES legal (Mike Smith) reviews ARMs petition to modify the Commission's order suspending DA. Sue will send Jeremy a one-page summary of the petition and Jeremy will use it to solicit participation from Enron customers (i.e., see if any are willing to sign the petition). Jeff will work with Karen Denne to start drafting a couple of one-page letters that customers would sign and send to Legislators in the event Davis is successful in calling them back in October to work on energy matters.  Let us know if you have any questions.  Best, Jeff 
 u read it? 
 Will do.  Ain't got a chance to call him yet, but will do so by COB today.  Agree we need to get it nailed down, period. 
  FYI. 
 I was trembling.  I mean, it read like a chilling cold-war spy novel.  Can barely write.  I'm quivering all over.... 
 FYI. 
 That makes at least two of us!  Hope you're doing well.  We intend to continue to fight vigorously to re-instate direct access in California.  Hope we'll be able to work together to get choice back.  Best, Jeff 
 Mike:  1) Attached is the CSFS report on the reorg and some recent press. 2) Learning to let go is good thing.  Best, Jeff 
 I've been informed that the CSFB report on PG&E's reorg didn't make it firs= t time round.  Trying again. =20 Best, Jeff =20 
 Not surprising, but thought you might be interested.  I responded that letting go is a good thing.  Best, Jeff 
 Sent you guys a check yesterday for $120 for me and Prentice.  Let me know if that covers gold on Saturday.  Best, Jeff  Go Barry! 
 The person's name at Calpine is Jim Macias (he's a vice president there).  His number 408.995.5115.  Thanks again, Marchris.  How'd the conversation go?  If there's anything that I can do to help, don't hesitate.  Best, Jeff 
 Anything interesting (particularly with respect to ISO market manipulation) come out of yesterday's meeting?  Best, Jeff 
 I'm starting to get concerned about this.  A) I didn't pick the time.  B) I talked to Sue on Friday and she will be out of Church at 10 AM PDT and on the call shortly thereafter. Sue seemed more concerned about having a call at all then on the time.  If she expressed a view that the time was set up so that she couldn't be on the call, I'd like to discuss, since that didn't factor in at all.  As you know, having gone through Sandi, I'm extremely sensitive to inter-group relations.  If you feel there are issues that we should discuss, I'd really like to do it.  I react very strongly to any view that I am intentionally doing anything to get in Sue's---or others---way.  From my perspective, I feel strongly that I haven't behaved that way, and don't in any way intend to.  I simply have no desire to "compete" with colleagues, Sue in particular.  There aren't enough people to do all the work, and there's plenty of tasks, recognition, blame, etc. to go around.  These are extremely challenging times and we won't get anywhere unless it's truly a team effort.  I know that the SF office has a history of challenges with respect to California leadership. I have no interest in returning to the very un-teamlike atmosphere that existed previously, particularly since the atmosphere has changed so positively in the past few months.  For a variety of reasons, I have been asked to take on alot of tasks over the past year. I've tried very hard to perform well, while at the same time working hard with Paul and Sue to advance a significantly more healthy, inclusive, open and collegial working environment in California and the West.  I care alot of course about your perceptions, and if you have the preception that relations in the office is becoming an issue, I'd like to confront it head on.  And if Sue is expressing any concerns about how things are going generally---which she expresses to me from time to time---I'd like to sit down with you and Sue to discuss, if you think that would be useful.  Forgive the lengthy note, but having just gotten through the experience with Sandi, I'm not anxious to repeat, in any shape or form.  Talk to you at noon your time.  Best, Jeff 
 Not a problem.  Will call in about 30 minutes.  Best, Jeff 
 Dorothy, if you can get it to the DA Coalition that would be great.  I'm also sending to Delainey to distribute to the other biz folks.  Best, Jeff 
 Here it is.  If you could get it to all the usual suspects, that would be great.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm back from the doctor.  I'll just take the time against lunch (i.e., I'll work through lunch), so no need to worry about any time accounting.  If there's any issues with that approach, just let me know.  Thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff 
 Talked to Pat Mason.  Give a call when you get a chance.  Jeff 
 I thought that you said it was $60/person? 
 I'll keep that in mind... 
 Retroactivity (July 1) No contract renewal No incremental "DASR'ing", i.e., adding/subtracting load on the margin (fast food chains, for example) Cost allocation risk (e.g., IOU undercollection, bonds, DWR undercollection gets distributed to DA customers)   Before providing elaborate descriptions, wanted to try to get a complete list of the key risk areas.  Please add to/subtract from this list, and then I'll take a shot at fleshing it out.  Thanks, Jeff 
 Before providing more elaborate descriptions, wanted to try to get a complete--but stripped-down--list of the key risk areas.  Please add anything I may have missed, send it back, and I'll take a shot at fleshing it out.  Thanks, Jeff  Retroactivity (July 1) No contract renewal No incremental "DASR'ing", i.e., adding/subtracting load on the margin (fast food chains, for example) Cost allocation risk (e.g., IOU undercollection, bonds, DWR undercollection gets distributed to DA customers) 
 Thanks. 
 Greetings Eldon and Nancy:  Here are the picks.  Hope you're well.  Gloucester's been great.  Incredible weather; New England charm; LOTS of lobster; lots of golf.  We get back into town around 7 tonite.  Talk to you soon.  Best, Jeff   Cinc-2 Indy-7 Oak-9 Minn-15 GB-11 NO-5 Seattle-12 TB-13 Pitt-4 Balt-14 SL-10 SF-8 SD-3 Tenn-12 Denver-6 
 Two things:  When Aleck said that he was leaving "effective immediately," does that mean one can't use email to send him a note to wish him well?  If that's the case, do we have a forwarding telephone number for him?  Also, just wanted to make sure you're aware that Calger continues to express concerns about us having any fingerprints on any attacks on the contracts.  His concerns are two-fold:  Generally, he thinks it would be very damaging to our commercial reputation, since many of the folks holding the lousy contracts are folks we regularly transact with. And specifically, we're tied up with Allegheny (sp?).  I've told him that we don't like the contracts, that we're talking to folks about how bad they are, but we're "staying under radar" and stating publicly that we never support the unilateral abrogation of anyone's contract rights. 
 Thanks. 
 Did I tell you that Fawcett left for greener pastures? 
 You saw my previous email? 
 Really appreciate it.  I'll be up there this weekend.  If you, or one of your guys, want to drop by, I think that we could pencil it out in about 30 minutes.  Let me know if that works for you.  And thanks again.  Really appreciate it.  Best, Jeff 
 See story below.  State completes history's largest municipal-bond sale California's treasurer executed the largest single sale of municipal bonds in U.S. history Tuesday -- a $5.7 billion offering aimed at covering cash shortages linked to the state's energy crisis. The sale -- coming in an environment of record-low interest rates -- also proved to be the cheapest such short-term financing by the state on record. And it provided a backdrop for a warning from state Treasurer Phil Angelides that continued delay in the long-awaited $12.5 billion energy-bond sale could wreak havoc with the state's budget in the next fiscal year. With the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks delivering a blow to an already shaky economy, there is concern that state revenues may drop even more precipitously than they have in the past year, leading to a crunch for the fiscal year that begins July 1, 2002. The slower state revenues coupled with increased expenditures and the added burdens of the ongoing energy crisis, could force "Draconian" budget cuts, Angelides said. "We were already facing tough budget times in 2002-2003," he said, "and that was before the tragedy of Sept. 11." Now, if falling revenues are added to the "$6 billion hole, we'll have deficits akin to the early 1990s," Angelides said, noting the dramatic effects would be on people who depend on state services. Earlier this year, the state advanced $6.2 billion in general-fund money to buy wholesale power for customers of Pacific Gas and Electric Co., Southern California Edison and San Diego Gas & Electric Co. Repayment to the state general fund depends on successful sale of the $12.5 billion in energy bonds -- a transaction Angelides said requires key approvals from the state Public Utilities Commission. The huge energy-bond sale initially was proposed for this summer and then moved to late October or early November. But the plan before the PUC has drawn heavy opposition from state utilities. With utilities and others threatening lawsuits at every step of the way, regulators have needed time to build a legal record for each of the seven decisions the treasurer seeks, PUC President Loretta Lynch said Tuesday. This year, "we've been taken to court probably five times more than we've been taken to court last year," partly because the commission has been making historic decisions and partly because it's been trying to make them so fast, she said. But Angelides said that given the delay in PUC action, he is doubtful an energy-bond sale can occur before 2002. Besides raising the budget concerns, that also could mean that California misses an opportunity to capitalize on the very low interest rate environment. "I do not see a way now that this bond issue can happen this year," he said, citing the minimum 60 days of public notices and appeal periods that would follow PUC action. Tuesday's bond sale to meet the state's cash-flow needs involved what are known as revenue anticipation notes. The notes are fixtures on California's cash-flow landscape. In 1993-94, for example, the state sold $8 billion through multiple offerings. No such sale was held last year because the state had an adequate surplus. But a year earlier, in fiscal 1999-2000, $1 billion in notes were sold to meet cash-flow needs. Besides being the largest municipal-bond sale on record, Tuesday's sale was also the largest muni- and corporate-bond issuance since the terrorist strikes. Tuesday's debt issuance was viewed widely as a success because the vast majority of the securities found buyers. "It speaks to overall quality of the state's credit and the way the state is perceived, particularly in light of Sept. 11," said Peter Taylor, senior vice president in the Los Angeles office of Lehman Bros. As senior manager on the sale, Taylor and Lehman Bros. coordinated participation of more than 20 investment-banking firms. "There was wide acceptance from a range of investors, retail (buyers), mom-and-pop buyers all the way to mutual funds and corporations," Taylor said. The level of orders exceeded the offering by more than $2 billion. That allowed yields to be lowered through negotiations from the 2.25 level initially proffered to the lowest RAN on record in the state, an annualized 2.22 percent. The notes mature June 28, 2002. Overall yield, counting the variable-rate portion of the issuance, is only 2.17 percent. Had the $6.2 billion in general-fund money been repaid, Angelides said, the need for Tuesday's short-term debt issuance "would have been substantially less ... if not eliminated." Even so, Angelides said the state was fortunate to "move into the market and get extraordinary interest rates, and we will be able to make it through this fiscal year." 
 Sue has informed me that since she has most recently drawn the short straw, I'm next in line for meetings with Brown.  I've asked Mike Day to set up a meeting with Brown, me and Mike to begin our efforts to rehabilitate Mr. Brown.  Best, Jeff 
 See what a good night sleep can do!  We'll set up the meeting and determine the attendance list. 
 If u and others are trying to get on CA call, pls call my line at 415.782.7822.  jeff 
 hmmm.  my understanding is that prentice has a full plate this weekend, but don't know her precise schedule, so I was going to the dome to meet with dottie's cousin and the apple tree guy, and try to make some more progress finishing the cabin. 
 I owe ya.  Thanks a million.  See you tomorrow nite.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  We'll report back with any additional information that we hear.  Reports are that Davis is expected to issue today whatever it is that he would issue to call the 3rd X session and call back the merry band of (probably very grumpy) legislators.  Best, Jeff 
 Just so we're clear.  To say that it would not be a problem for very large tranches of customers to leave the system as part of "community aggregation,"  and then say it WOULD be a problem for individual customers to do the same, is, well, ridiculous.  In short, if you can work out the terms and conditions under which potentially huge tranches can go DA, then it is certainly feasible to do the same thing for individual customers. Finally, we're checking, but it seems that it will be be extremely difficult to say that its legally kosher for the PUC to permit DA under 9X, but suspend all other DA.  Very interesting.  Best, Jeff 
 Can you send the draft letter Tracy refers to re: letter to legislators? 
 thanks. 
 FYI.  ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER EDITORIAL: DAVIS HURTING STATE In an editorial, the Orange County Register blasts Gov. Gray Davis and his board picks for the California PUC, which, the paper asserts, have nullified the only good to come out of California's energy deregulation - consumer choice. With commentary from Lance Izumi, an electricity policy analyst at the Pacific Research Institute, the Register says a PUC policy that requires customers to buy power from their local utility company is forcing ratepayers to fund Davis's overpriced energy purchases. The negative impact on California businesses, some already in a slump, could force the state's economy into a recession and discourage businesses from relocating there, the editorial said. It's reminiscent of the 1990's when government policy caused an economic bust and state unemployment shot to 10% (Orange County Register via Knight Ridder/Tribune News Service, Sept. 25, http://www.ocregister.com ). 
    <<STO Investor Memo 92501.pdf>> <<STO Investor Memo 92501.pdf>> 
 Probing the 'palace coup' Electricity: A panel focuses on price hikes and the actions of the ISO president. September 26, 2001 By KIMBERLY KINDY The Orange County Register SACRAMENTOA state Senate committee is set today to start serving 16 subpoenas on electricity producers and officials who manage California's energy grid to determine whether they acted in concert to manipulate energy prices. The investigative committee, headed by state Sen. Joe Dunn, D-Santa Ana, is focusing on a series of events last fall filled with enough Shakespearean plot twists and intrigue that it has earned a name around the Capitol: "the palace coup." Lawmakers and consumer groups allege that the events - directed by the man who heads the state's energy grid - fueled the California energy crisis, pushed the state into the power-buying business and helped make billions of dollars for power producers. The central question behind the palace coup is whether Terry Winter, the president of the Independent System Operator, acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge. Winter defied his own board and Gov. Gray Davis when he filed a 50-page request to remove the caps, records and interviews show. "I don't know how these events could have taken place without some concerted effort," said Dunn. The subpoenas will force those involved, including Winter, to provide sworn testimony about the events to the committee, and to turn over e-mails, personal calendars and memos. Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said the governor felt "betrayed" by the actions of Winter. "The governor believes it was the defining moment, when what was a mounting problem turned into an instant crisis," Maviglio said. Winter refused comment, referring all questions to the public relations office. ISO spokesman Gregg Fishman said Dunn's committee will find no criminal conduct. The decision was made by ISO upper management with one goal in mind: to keep the lights on. At the time, generators were refusing to sell power in California because of the price caps. "It was an emergency," Fishman said. "We had to take action.'' What became known as the palace coup began on Oct. 26 when ISO board members voted for severe restrictions on the amount of money electricity producers could charge for power. The restrictions would drive prices as low as $65 per megawatt - nearly 12 times below the $750 per megawatt limits of seven months earlier. "They (electricity generators) grinned and beared the $750 price cap, but this new plan by ISO was too much," said Dunn, whose committee has been investigating since March. "All hell broke loose.'' Records show that on Oct. 31, power generators and electricity traders filed letters with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, demanding that the new plan be killed. The letters, six in all, were sent within two hours of each other and represented dozens of power generators. "If not removed immediately, the (ISO) price cap will sow confusion in the market, threaten reliability and stifle new investment in generating capacity,'' read one letter written by Duke Energy Vice President William Hall III. Although there is nothing illegal about the generators acting together to lobby against price caps, Dunn believes the letters and other actions around the same time showed clear coordination among energy officials. He said the main aim of the subpoenas will be to determine whether collusion occurred to "fix" prices, which would violate federal trade laws. In the Oct. 31 letters, electricity producers told federal officials that if price caps weren't removed it would lead to a collapse of the energy market. The generators got their way. The next day, the federal commission killed the new pricing plan. What was left in place was a $250 price cap established five months earlier. Power producers then turned their attention toward killing that cap, saying they couldn't make a profit even under these constraints. They began to withhold power from California, and on Dec. 7 the ISO declared its first Stage 3 emergency and braced for blackouts, which were narrowly averted. What followed the next day is considered by the governor and Dunn to be the pivotal moment of the energy crisis. Winter, who in his position as president and chief operating officer of the ISO, submitted a 50-page emergency request, asking federal officials to abolish the $250 price cap. Final authority over lifting the cap rested with the federal government. Neither the ISO board, which had established the price cap, nor the governor learned of Winter's actions until the cap had been removed. In fact, the attorney who helped draft the emergency request, Charles Robinson, was in a meeting with representatives of the governor and ISO board members just hours before the filing was made. He didn't mention anything about it. "In retrospect, we should have told them,'' Robinson said. With the price caps gone, the generators filed paperwork with federal regulators justifying higher costs. "The ISO staff sat in a meeting with the governor's key energy advisers with poker faces, not saying a word about something that was going on at the exact same moment,'' Maviglio said. "It was beyond belief that they failed to mention something so significant. This action accelerated the utilities' move toward bankruptcy and forced the governor to move the state into the power-buying business." Prices for electricity jumped from an average of $249 a megawatt to $700 a megawatt within three days, ISO records show. Dunn believes the resulting overcharges for electricity exceeded $30 billion. Robinson said the filing - granted two hours after the request - helped rather than hurt Californians. Prices, he said, did not spike as a result. Instead they followed the skyrocketing price of natural gas - which is used to run power plants to generate electricity. Robinson said the emergency order allowed the ISO to secure refunds should overcharges for electricity be proven to federal officials. "We believe the action we took addressed a severe concern,'' Robinson said. "In our view, we did not believe we changed or made worse the financial situation. We felt we made it better because it introduced a process for review and refund." Jan Smutney-Jones, who was the ISO board chairman at the time and executive director of a group that represents power generators, said Winter did not consult him about eliminating the price cap. Smutney-Jones also said he was unaware of anyone in the power-generating community being consulted. "Terry did this by himself,'' said Smutney-Jones, executive director of the Independent Energy Producers. "He did what he thought had to be done at the time to keep the power flowing." The ISO board called an emergency meeting the next week demanding Winter explain his actions. Some board members pushed to have Winter removed, but there were concerns such action would lead to more chaos, the governor's spokesman Maviglio said. James J. Hoecker, the former Federal Energy Regulatory Commission chairman, defended making the December decision and also defended Winter. "They filed an emergency motion, and we were not about to let California go dark,'' Hoecker said. "They (ISO management) did what any independent system operator would do." What Dunn's committee hopes to learn is why all these events transpired. He believes memos and e-mails around the time of Winter's Dec. 8 actions should provide vital clues. "We don't know why he did what he did, but we are eager to find out," Dunn said. "Terry said he made that filing in the interest of Californians, but I find that argument has no basis in fact.'' 
 FYI. 
 Greg: Good talking to you.  Congratulations on your new role.  Sounds exciting (in addition to exhausting).  Based on our call, I contacted Perfect Commerce.  The two folks from their shop that will be in Houston are:  Ian Sullivan SVP, Professional Services and all implementation of the product  Cameron Sellers VP, Business Development  They'd like to meet sometime during the week of October 15th. Let me know if that works for you and Brad.  Or if you'd like to contact them directly, just let me know and I'll get you their numbers/emails.  I ran across Perfect when I was doing an MBA project--we were required to find a company that we could consult to on e-commerce strategy.  I've since found out that Perfect's doing a pilot with EES--acting as the e-procurment platform for products tied to EES' outsourcing deals.  From what I hear it's going well, and EES is enthusiastic.  The technology is very interesting:  soup to nuts e-procurement platform developed by Paul Milgrom (global auction guru and economist at Stanford).  Glad you guys can meet with them.  I think it's definitely worth the time--the technology may fit very well with Networks.  Best, Jeff 
 We should determine whether we want to voice an opinion on this.  Seems there would be two issues  that might concern us:  1) bankruptcy and 2) effect on our book.  Might be useful to discuss briefly; perhaps first thing tomorrow morning.  Thoughts?  Best, Jeff 
 you got it.  thanks. 
 Sue: Just talked to the Chamber.  Add them to the petition for rehearing.  CMTA will be back to me soon.  If they don't sign it's only because they'll file separately, but I think they're likely to join ARM's.  Best, Jeff 
 The meeting will happen.  Will only be a matter of who attends.  I'll let you know what I hear back.  Good luck with everything else.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings Eve and Bill: This has been forwarded to Delainey and Dorothy.  It's originating with AreM.  Delainey's distributing to some, I'm distributing to others.  The Chamber's already agreed to join.  If we're to have any hope of a) maintaining DA and b) eliminating any chance of a retroactive date, seems that we'll need as many folks signing on as possible.  Please see attached.  We hope that you can join.  All the best, Jeff 
 now for that bad news.  call me.  415.782.7822. 
 Anything of note from the FERC/ISO/Generator meetings? 
 Could you check and see if the Roundtable would like to sign on?  Thanks al= ot.  Best, Jeff 
 Sounds like some pretty good movement.  Congratz. 
 This story reflects fairly well the debate underway regarding the DA suspension date. The Treasurer, Angelides, is taking a hard line.  We are working with others to get the date pushed back. California PUC staff has started calling around trying to estimate how many customers have very recently switched or are trying to.  They have made inquiries to our customers, including UC/CSU. Best, Jeff State fights 6,000 firms' energy deals Discount power contracts deemed unfair to consumers Bernadette Tansey, Chronicle Staff Writer <mailto:btansey@sfchronicle.com> Sunday, September 2, 2001 ?2001 San Francisco Chronicle </chronicle/info/copyright> URL: <http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/09/02/MN155174.DTL> Thousands of California businesses may reap cost breaks on electricity while other utility customers live with record rate hikes if the state lets stand a spurt of last-minute contracts with private power suppliers. More than 6,000 firms, including big retail chains and industrial plants, signed discounted power contracts in July and August as market prices dropped. State officials are incensed, saying the private "direct access" contracts with electricity providers could shift the burden for millions of dollars in state power purchases onto households and small businesses. State Treasurer Phil Angelides said the same companies that benefited as the state depleted its budget surplus to keep the lights on now want to escape paying their share of the billions spent to ensure power supplies for California. "I think it's wrong and it's immoral," Angelides said. State officials argue that the summer contracts can still be canceled retroactively because California businesses were on notice that their option to shop around for better deals on electricity was about to be suspended by the state Public Utilities Commission. The PUC is set to consider the retroactive ban Thursday. But energy firms say the summer deals were perfectly legal because the PUC had not yet taken action and made a series of draft decisions that put off the effective date of the direct access ban until as late as yesterday. "The drafts were not consistent," said Tracy Fairchild, a spokeswoman for Alliance for Retail Energy Markets, a consortium of generators and energy suppliers. "Which one were we supposed to take seriously?" The energy trade group is threatening to sue to protect the summer contracts. Angelides fears that a prolonged court fight could block a $12.5 billion state bond sale to reimburse the treasury for California's emergency power purchases. The burgeoning conflict is part of a continuing fight by energy firms and some of their business customers to preserve direct access -- a core provision of the state's 1996 deregulation law. Deregulation supporters predicted energy consumers would enjoy lower prices if private generators were allowed to compete with the utilities as power suppliers. But the direct access program was thrown into disarray last year when wholesale electricity prices skyrocketed and the state stepped in to buy power. To make sure the state's outlay would be paid back by all ratepayers, the Legislature in January directed the PUC to suspend direct access. By that time, most direct access customers were fleeing back to the utilities to benefit from a rate cap that protected them from the soaring market power prices. The PUC postponed action on the direct access ban while some legislators were sponsoring bills that would have allowed the program to continue under certain conditions. But by July, market prices had come down, and energy providers like Enron Energy Services, AES New Energy and Strategic Energy were again offering direct access contracts. Businesses were looking for relief from the record rate hikes imposed on utility customers in June, said Phoenix energy consultant Gina Coleman. Coleman said she helped five retail chains with "a significant number" of stores in California negotiate contracts with Strategic Energy this summer. "Business is business, and if you can get a better price for something, you should," said Coleman, who declined to name her clients. She said the lower costs will help the stores keep doing business in California and hold their prices down. Daniel Douglass, an attorney for the Alliance for Retail Energy Markets, said any attempt by the state to cancel contracts retroactively would violate the constitutional law. He said energy firms have purchased power to serve their customers under the contracts and would suffer losses if they were canceled. Angelides said the same firms that ran to the state for protection when their market contracts became too expensive now want to take advantage of lower power prices he attributes to the stabilizing effect of the state's long- term power contracts. "You can't take advantage of the state's stabilizing the rates, then say, 'Thank you very much,' and stick everyone else with the bill," Angelides said. State officials have not tallied the total number of customers who signed up in July and August, nor have they estimated the revenue loss that would have to be covered by remaining utility ratepayers. Figures compiled by the PUC show that commercial and industrial firms signed more than 6,000 new direct access contracts in July alone. A rough calculation suggests that, as a result, the firms might contribute as much as $64 million less annually to the repayment of state costs. The loss might not be significant enough to risk a court fight that would delay the bond sale, state officials said. Bu Angelides said the same power firms that helped create the energy crisis by charging exorbitant rates are now threatening a bond issue desperately needed to restore funds needed for education, health care and children's services. "What they're talking about doing," he said, "is holding us hostage until they get what they want." E-mail Bernadette Tansey at btansey@sfchronicle.com <mailto:btansey@sfchronicle.com>. ?2001 San Francisco Chronicle </chronicle/info/copyright> Page A - 21 
 I'm hearing that it may be as early as today or tomorrow.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Latest word is that Assembly, Senate and Administration staff have been locked in a room with orders not to emerge until they've struck a deal on the Edison MOU.  Word on DA is not good.  Thus far it appears that the PUC "study" outlined in the letter from Burton & Co. to Lynch is as far as the Senate wants to go at this time, but folks continue to push.  Seems to be a possibility that, if the Legislature does reconvene, there may be a push by "green Senators" to pass a "green only" DA bill.  In addition, Lynch is setting the stage to have the PUC reject the rate agreement between DWR and the PUC on Tuesday.  This despite the Governor calling to vigorously lobby each of the commissioners.  Despite the strong arm tactics, it appears that Brown may be the only aye vote at this point.  The idea is that, if the PUC votes down the rate agreement, the only thing Davis will have left is 18XX.  We'll report back with news as we get it.  Best, Jeff 
 Riordan edges out Davis in Field Poll: A survey finds lingering damage from the governor's handling of the energy crisis. By Amy Chance Bee Political Editor (Published Sept. 26, 2001) Gov. Gray Davis survived the summer without the widespread power blackouts his opponents predicted, but voters remained dissatisfied with his job performance and disinclined to re-elect him, a Field Poll released Tuesday found. The poll showed Davis narrowly behind in a trial general election matchup against former Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan, 45 percent to 42 percent. Riordan's strength in Los Angeles County -- rare for a Republican candidate -- as well as lingering damage to Davis from California's energy crisis were factors in the findings, said the poll's managing director, Mark DiCamillo. "It's an interesting situation for a sitting governor," he said. "It's very unusual for a sitting governor to be denied re-election, but here we have a unique candidate coming out of a Democratic stronghold. And also we have this issue that is kind of hanging around the neck of the governor that the public is not very pleased about, and that's the energy and the electricity crisis." In a hypothetical Republican primary, Riordan led by a large margin over Secretary of State Bill Jones, 46 percent to 19 percent. Businessman Bill Simon trailed with 5 percent of the vote, while 30 percent was undecided. The poll surveyed 1,003 Californians, including 722 registered voters, Sept. 7-10 and is subject to an overall error margin of 3.2 percent. Davis political adviser Garry South said reporting poll results taken before the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks on the East Coast was "horribly misleading." "These kinds of watershed events that shake the national psyche always have an effect on job approval," he said. "These kinds of things have effects on the way people feel about incumbents in general." DiCamillo said he found it notable, however, that views of Davis' performance continued to lag even as voters worried less about the electricity crisis. In May, at the peak of concern about potential power blackouts, voters said they disapproved of Davis' performance, 49 percent to 42 percent. In the latest survey, they continued to disapprove, 47 percent to 41 percent. Voters also said they were not inclined to re-elect Davis, 50 percent to 43 percent. "Now we're in a situation where the energy crisis mentality has receded, yet the public's image of the governor has not changed," DiCamillo said. "He has not benefited from the easing of public concern about the issue and is in the same situation that he found himself back in May. "No matter what the political temper of the times internationally, there will be issues that are particular to the governor's race. This issue is what the public has focused their attention on in evaluating Davis, and it's still negative." DiCamillo said he also was struck by the fact that the poll found Riordan leading among voters in Los Angeles County, 47 percent to 43 percent. He said the survey showed similar results in May. Los Angeles County accounts for one-quarter of the state's electorate, and Democrats typically carry it and the Bay Area by large margins, making up for losses in virtually every other area of the state. Riordan adviser Dan Schnur said the numbers pose a strategic difficulty for Davis. "It's clear from this poll result that the voters who know Dick Riordan best support him most," he said. "Unless Gray Davis plans on winning the Bay Area by a voice vote, there's no way he can get re-elected unless he turns L.A. County around in a very big way." South said Riordan, who held a nonpartisan office in Los Angeles, will fare far differently in a statewide partisan contest. And he recalled that then-Gov. Pete Wilson was trailing Democrat Kathleen Brown by 23 points as he prepared in 1993 for re-election. "We all know how that turned out," he said. "A sitting California governor hasn't been defeated for a second term since 1942." The Bee's Amy Chance can be reached at (916) 326-5535 or achance@sacbee.com <mailto:achance@sacbee.com>. 
 Thanks very much.  I knew he'd call you back.....  Best, Jeff 
 I'd like to fax you something that Edison sent in support of their argument that:  1) by virture of the PX credit framework, DA customers contributed to Edison's undercollection, and, 2) DA customers should therefore contribute to the recovery of the undercollection.  Could I get your fax numbers?  Would like to get your comments once you've reviewed the argument.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Just heard from Michael Rochman of SPURR/REMAC. He wants to sign on . 
 got it. 
 Sounds reasonable.  Let me know what time you can meet this weekend.  After noon on Saturday, and  anytime before 4 pm on Sunday works great for me.  Understanding that it's a T&M job, would you nonetheless be able to give a ballpark figure once we've spoken this weekend and you've had a chance to think about it?  Also, I've got some longer range plans (barn, house, etc.) for the property that I'd like to run by you, too, but that's longer off.  Really want to get the deck done before the rain starts.  Thanks again.  Best, Jeff 
 You should have it already.  Give me a call when you get a minute.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 I'll forward to them. 
 you should have this. i sent it out yesterday.  the scapegoating continues.... 
 Haven't heard anything about it, though Sue's been closer to these issues. 
 Congratulations and best of luck.  Hope you'll be able to hire someone to replace you, given your new responsibilities.  Big country to cover.  All the best, Jeff 
 For what it's worth, I concur with Mike.  Option 3 is the most prudent, and preferable, path.  Best, Jeff 
 talked to karen.  thought we'd do bolinas weekend after your b-day.  and we're around the weekend of your b-day, it's just that i've got class all day that saturday.  i think if karen's overly uncomfortable, we should just do the four of us.  we can always do dinner with david and nina.  how's things? 
 attachment? 
 babe, if they get back to me with a date that week, i think that you ought to just have the meeting, understanding that the meeting with execs may not have occured yet.  nevertheless, you'll have a darned good idea by that time whether its working well or it's a flop, non?  anywho, let's see what response i get back.  maybe they'll want to push back.  her hair looked really good (it was pretty all over the place previously).  now, with a few professional flourishes, she look even more gorgeous (if that's possible).  best, Jeff 
 meet for a drink after work? 
 FYI.   Don't think it's anything that raises any concerns, but since you're signing on, thought you might want to peruse.  Best, Jeff 
 couldn't agree more.  was just kidding. 
 Thank you. 
 you rock.  cleca signing on? 
 Really don't want to write anymore notes.  while he's a friend, and i've known him since he was a lowly VP, sending lots of emails to CEOs, even in a flat org. like enron, is, well, bad form.  let's see what happens.  just let ian know that there's a chance that the meeting might take place prior to the EES debrief.  The cooking thing is great.  The funniest thing is that Prentice has always said that she hates rice, and therefore risotto.  so i'm psyched. 
 yes, dear. 
 no.  what's your phone number. need to fill you in on some stuff.  best, Jeff 
 No kidding.  However, it's safe to say that all concerned believe that your comparably quality and well-equipped to fill his shoes.  Hope to see you on the golf course soon. 
 Slight correction.  If, in fact, they actually come back next week, we'll likely stay with Tues/Thur.  If they end up NOT coming back, we may cancel regular call altogether, and continue for rest-of-year on "as needed" basis.  But we're still figuring and will get back to you.  We'll know more when we know more about what the heck the legislature is going to do, or not do.  Best, Jeff 
 I asked scott and hedy to fill ken in on the change for this week.  looks like ball got dropped.  poor ken. 
 you're not billing by the word now are you?  :) 
 No problem.  Your sense that the commercial folks going to be OK with this approach? 
 Though there is a high degree of uncertainty regarding whether and when Davis will call back the California legislature to address the Edison MOU, here's the latest information we have. Faced with horrible polling, an unwilling legislature, an uncooperative California PUC, and a wily leader of the state Senate (Burton), Davis is now considering delaying any action to call back the legislature. Rumors of a delay come despite Davis' statements that he would call them back next week. We received the information about a likely delay from an Edison SVP who's working with administration staff to come up with a deal that the legislature can finally swallow. It's Edison's view that the earliest Davis would now call the legislature back is end of next week, with early the following week being most likely. At this point, the chance remains that Davis may be forced to throw up his hands and call the whole thing off, leaving Edison to follow PG&E into chapter 11. In the meantime, negotiations between Davis' staff, and staff from the Senate and Assembly continue.  We'll report back with information as we get it.  Best, Jeff 
 I agree.  Sue, I'm willing to join Mike in a meeting with Bilas. Mike, can you set up a meeting for Wednesday morning?  Sue: Can you meet with Brown/Gamson? Others have thoughts about these meetings?  PS  Boeing's lobbyist told Katz today (Davis' point person on 78)that the date must be September 1, period.  Katz told the Boeing lobbyist that the August 25th date is there to "screw Enron." Hedy has confirmed that Raytheon is also working the date issue.  Best, Jeff 
 Dorothy has informed that CMTA will file solo.  (Keith's got kids in expensive colleges, you know.) 
 Great minds think alike.  That is EXACTLY the opening line that Wanda and Michael and I came up with on a brief call this morning.  Will do. 
 As far as i know, we can get together tomorrow night. 
 FYI. 
 Will do.  Did you folks have a call today?  If you folks are going to have one every week, could we set up a standing time and call-in number?  Be happy to participate on these and any other issues.  Best, Jeff 
 Perfect.  Thanks. 
 FYI.  Angelides is trying to turn the screws on Loretta. ********************************************************************* Calif. power bond delay may lead to large deficit NEW YORK, Sept 27 (Reuters) - California state Treasurer Philip Angelides said Thursday the state could face a $9.3 billion budget deficit in the 2002-2003 fiscal year if $12.5 billion of power bonds are not sold before July 2002. The treasurer is certain the bonds will be sold, but he released the figures in an attempt to pressure the California Public Utilities Commission (PUC) into actions it must take in order to sell the bonds. "What I am concerned about is the fact this law has not been effectuated eight months after it was passed," Angelides said in a telephone news conference in Sacramento, referring to a law passed in February setting the biggest municipal bond sale ever in motion. The state depleted its general fund by at least $6.2 billion buying electricity to keep power flowing and must sell the bonds in order to refill the state's general fund and make future power purchases. "There can be no schedule (for the bond sale) until the PUC completes its work," Angelides said. Earlier this week the PUC said the much-delayed meeting is now set for Oct. 2. Angelides said PUC Commissioner Jeff Brown, one of five, is on board to make the vote, but President Loretta Lynch and other commissioners, "are not ready to act." Lynch said earlier this week that she wants more time to work out details with Angelides and the Department of Water Resources concerning the money and terms of the rate order and rate agreement. How the money from rate increases approved in May will be split up to pay for the bonds and to reimburse troubled power utilities and giving the Department of Water Resources the authority to sell the bonds, still need to be decided by the PUC. Angelides is projecting a $3.1 billion budget deficit for the 2002-2003 fiscal year, even if the bonds are sold in time, due to reduced revenues as the overall U.S. economy slows. In a worst case scenario, Angelides added that with the bond sale, the $3.1 billion gap may grow to $4 billion, while a late sale would push the $9.3 billion number to $10.2 billion. The treasurer painted a dire picture of California 's budget if the bonds are not sold, likening it to the state's budget problems of the early 1990s. Angelides warned a 2 percent sales tax increase might have to be put in place, or possibly a $1,574 per student cut in state K-12 education spending. Or, the state could drop all spending on the University of California and California State University and save $6 billion. Eighteen percent of the state's non-education budget would need to be cut if the bonds are not sold, he said. 
 Calif. power bond delay may lead to large deficit NEW YORK, Sept 27 (Reuters) - California state Treasurer Philip Angelides said Thursday the state could face a $9.3 billion budget deficit in the 2002-2003 fiscal year if $12.5 billion of power bonds are not sold before July 2002. The treasurer is certain the bonds will be sold, but he released the figures in an attempt to pressure the California Public Utilities Commission (PUC) into actions it must take in order to sell the bonds. "What I am concerned about is the fact this law has not been effectuated eight months after it was passed," Angelides said in a telephone news conference in Sacramento, referring to a law passed in February setting the biggest municipal bond sale ever in motion. The state depleted its general fund by at least $6.2 billion buying electricity to keep power flowing and must sell the bonds in order to refill the state's general fund and make future power purchases. "There can be no schedule (for the bond sale) until the PUC completes its work," Angelides said. Earlier this week the PUC said the much-delayed meeting is now set for Oct. 2. Angelides said PUC Commissioner Jeff Brown, one of five, is on board to make the vote, but President Loretta Lynch and other commissioners, "are not ready to act." Lynch said earlier this week that she wants more time to work out details with Angelides and the Department of Water Resources concerning the money and terms of the rate order and rate agreement. How the money from rate increases approved in May will be split up to pay for the bonds and to reimburse troubled power utilities and giving the Department of Water Resources the authority to sell the bonds, still need to be decided by the PUC. Angelides is projecting a $3.1 billion budget deficit for the 2002-2003 fiscal year, even if the bonds are sold in time, due to reduced revenues as the overall U.S. economy slows. In a worst case scenario, Angelides added that with the bond sale, the $3.1 billion gap may grow to $4 billion, while a late sale would push the $9.3 billion number to $10.2 billion. The treasurer painted a dire picture of California 's budget if the bonds are not sold, likening it to the state's budget problems of the early 1990s. Angelides warned a 2 percent sales tax increase might have to be put in place, or possibly a $1,574 per student cut in state K-12 education spending. Or, the state could drop all spending on the University of California and California State University and save $6 billion. Eighteen percent of the state's non-education budget would need to be cut if the bonds are not sold, he said. 
  Calif. power bond delay may lead to large deficit NEW YORK, Sept 27 (Reuters) - California state Treasurer Philip Angelides said Thursday the state could face a $9.3 billion budget deficit in the 2002-2003 fiscal year if $12.5 billion of power bonds are not sold before July 2002. The treasurer is certain the bonds will be sold, but he released the figures in an attempt to pressure the California Public Utilities Commission (PUC) into actions it must take in order to sell the bonds. "What I am concerned about is the fact this law has not been effectuated eight months after it was passed," Angelides said in a telephone news conference in Sacramento, referring to a law passed in February setting the biggest municipal bond sale ever in motion. The state depleted its general fund by at least $6.2 billion buying electricity to keep power flowing and must sell the bonds in order to refill the state's general fund and make future power purchases. "There can be no schedule (for the bond sale) until the PUC completes its work," Angelides said. Earlier this week the PUC said the much-delayed meeting is now set for Oct. 2. Angelides said PUC Commissioner Jeff Brown, one of five, is on board to make the vote, but President Loretta Lynch and other commissioners, "are not ready to act." Lynch said earlier this week that she wants more time to work out details with Angelides and the Department of Water Resources concerning the money and terms of the rate order and rate agreement. How the money from rate increases approved in May will be split up to pay for the bonds and to reimburse troubled power utilities and giving the Department of Water Resources the authority to sell the bonds, still need to be decided by the PUC. Angelides is projecting a $3.1 billion budget deficit for the 2002-2003 fiscal year, even if the bonds are sold in time, due to reduced revenues as the overall U.S. economy slows. In a worst case scenario, Angelides added that with the bond sale, the $3.1 billion gap may grow to $4 billion, while a late sale would push the $9.3 billion number to $10.2 billion. The treasurer painted a dire picture of California 's budget if the bonds are not sold, likening it to the state's budget problems of the early 1990s. Angelides warned a 2 percent sales tax increase might have to be put in place, or possibly a $1,574 per student cut in state K-12 education spending. Or, the state could drop all spending on the University of California and California State University and save $6 billion. Eighteen percent of the state's non-education budget would need to be cut if the bonds are not sold, he said. 
 Feel free to send it along.  But as you know, things are somewhat difficult these days.  I'll get it to the right people, however.  Best, Jeff 
 We are OUT of the pool.  I want my money back.  Prentice, please get your stuff out of my apartment.  You can have the cats.  Love, Jeff  Thanks for helping, Nancy. So what place are we in? 
 It's hardball time.  I'd be careful going up against UC/CSU, though. 
 thanks very much. 
 Thanks very much for all your help.  Can I call you tomorrow morning to discuss?  Best, Jeff  PS Shapiro likes to kid.  We're going to do everything we can in the meeting to try to settle this darn thing. 
 Edison Utility Rescue-Plan Session Set for Oct. 9 by Davis By Michael B. Marois Sacramento, California, Sept. 27 (Bloomberg) -- A special legislative session to consider a rescue package for Edison International's insolvent California utility won't begin until Oct 9., aides for Governor Gray Davis said. The governor had been expected to call lawmakers back Oct. 2. His aides didn't explain the reasons for the delay. The governor plans to make an announcement at 3 p.m. San Francisco time, Davis spokeswoman Hilary McLean said. Southern California Edison, California's second-largest utility, accrued $3.9 billion in debt under the state's deregulation law, which froze consumer rates and let wholesale power costs rise. Some of the utility's creditors are trying to put together a group of three to force the company into bankruptcy. PG&E Corp.'s Pacific Gas & Electric, the state's largest utility, filed for bankruptcy in April. The Legislature adjourned Sept. 15 without approving a $2.9 billion rescue package, prompting Davis to announce he would call lawmakers back to Sacramento to consider a new plan. The latest Edison measure may let the utility sell $2.5 billion to $2.9 billion in bonds to pay off its debt, secured by existing rates on about 20 percent of its largest commercial customers, Davis aides said last week. 
 Maybe the best thing for you to do is take a cab from the Hyatt to the Burbank airport Monday morning.  My flight arrives on Southwest  (from Oakland) at about 8 AM.  I've rented a car.  Then we can drive to Edison from there (it's about 30 minutes from the airport), east of Pasadena on 10.  Then I can drive you back with me from Rosemead and you can catch a cab from Burbank to LAX.  Should be pretty easy that way.  Jeff 
 Dan:  Please add California Cast Metals Association to the list of signatories.  Thanks. Jeff 
 Dan:  The chamber of commerce (because it never really plays at the PUC) has decided to sign on to CMTA's letter that it will submit, rather than sign on to the ARM filing.  Please remove them from the list of signatories.  Thanks. Best, Jeff 
 On October 4th, I'll be trying to fill Rob Bradley's rather large shoes at the Cal State University Center for California Studies' 13th annual envisioning California conference, "Our Year of Disconnect:  The Politics of Power in California."  I'll be participating in a Roundtable at the plenary session entitled: "Lessons Learned, Unlearned & To Be Learned:  A Roundtable on California's Utility Deregulation."  The Roundtable will be moderated by the State Librarian, Kevin Starr.  The other roundtable-ists include:  Chuck Cicchetti (Edison plant?  Anyone know what he's up to these days?) Bob Foster--Edison Nettie Hoge--head of TURN Glen Thomas--Chair of the Pennsylvania PUC (any info on Chair Thomas is appreciated) State Senator Debra Bowen David Freeman--Self-appointed emporer Dr. Joseph Pratt--History prof., University of Houston (any info on the professor is also appreciated)  Each of us will have two minutes to open and then Dr. Starr will moderate the ensuing mud-slinging.  Attached are some draft talking points that I threw together for your review.  All comments, suggestions, guffaws, etc. are welcome and appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  I'll call you in the afternoon.  Jeff 
 FYI:  To update what we've learned today regarding possibility of Senate going forward on Wed. with contempt.  At this point, appears they intend to go forward.  Best, Jeff 
 Here's a cut at the taxonomy of regulatory risks associated with Direct Access. Please let me know if there are others I missed, or if there are changes needed to the ones listed.   1.	Retroactive Suspension of DA Contracts:  The PUC rules in a subsequent decision that DA is suspended on some date 	between July 1 and September 20th.  2.	Contract renewal forbidden:  The PUC includes contract renewal under the suspension of DA.  3.	No incremental "DASR'ing":  The PUC includes incremental additions and subtractions of DA customer's load under the 	suspension of DA (e.g., fast food chains, University campus)  4.	Cost allocation: the PUC adds new costs to DA accounts and/or disproportionately shifts existing costs to DA accounts.  	Costs with greatest risk of being shifted to DA customers include: IOU undercollection, bonds to repay the state general fund, 	and DWR contracts.  The costs associated with these categories are substantial.  Key risks associated with each category: Adverse to P/L Adverse to hedge (demand risk) 
 No problem here.  That price is making DWR's contracts look worse and worse every day.  Poor California.  Jeff, if you have questions or want to discuss further, don't hesitate to call me or Sue, though Paul can likely answer most questions.  Best, Jeff 
 Did governor Jessie eliminate the role in Minnesota?  I believe that it's the equivalent of a state historian.  Thanks for the feedback.  Best, Jeff 
 In the constant state of "blur" I'm in, I somehow unintentionally left you off the note.  Your comments/thoughts/feedback is of course greatly appreciated. Best, Jeff 
 I'm around.  Could you forward me the "matrix."  (sounds so "classified."  I love it.)  Best, Jeff 
 thank you. 
 No problem.  Thanks for the response.  I understand the need to keep powder dry.  Talked to Hertzberg this morning.  The 3rd extraordinary ain't sounding like it's going to be a winner.  Hope to talk soon.  Best, Jeff 
 SCE's problem is that no one except Davis and Edison are for the bailout.  With respect to DA, only Burton's in the way.  So Davis and Edison have the world against; and DA only has Burton against it.  I'm at loss to determine which is worse off, which speaks to the craziness of the state of things.  Best, Jeff 
 Good idea.  Thanks.  Yes, I'm around. 
 hey, prentice has a friend in town whom you may have met.  very cool, very funny.  we'd bring her along if that's ok, and if you still want to get together tonite, which we're totally up for. let me know.  and it would be a good idea to get together since we should probably talk a bit about Jay's place.  he's been inquiring about what we're thinking.  best, jeff 
 See email.  Call w/Sanders et al @ 5PM CDT to update contempt action.  Best, Jeff 
 let's do it at my place.  is pauline's, salad and wine in order? 
 Please consider this my response to your request to forward my schedule for next week.  mon.-s.f. tues.-sacramento wed.-sacramento? thurs-sacramento? fril-sacramento?  Your welcome in advance.  annoyingly yours, jeff  thanks for the travel package. 
 Gracias. 
 THIRD EXTRAORDINARY SESSION CALLED Governor Davis has called a special session on Tuesday, October 9 to consider and act upon legislation affecting the operation, maintenance, finances, and financial viability of investor-owned utilities that provide electricity or natural gas to California residents and businesses, including their procurement portfolios and practices, and service by alternate energy providers in their service territory. Extraordinary (Special) Session Rules and Procedures Call of Special Session: Only the Governor has the authority to convene a special session of the Legislature. In convening the session, the Governor must issue a proclamation outlining the reasons for the special session, and only issues specified in the proclamation may be acted upon. Election of Special Session Officers, Committees and Bill Referrals: The election of officers and the appointment of special session committees are separate from the Legislature's regular session. In some instances, special session committees are comprised of different committee members than those appointed to regular session committees. Identification of Special Session Bills and Publications: Separate record-keeping publications (File, History, Journal and Roll Call) are printed for each individual extraordinary session. Special session bills are identified by specific paper colors (i.e. blue or green). For example, documents in the 2001 Second Extraordinary Session are printed on green paper. Introduction of Special Session Bills: There is no limit to the number of bills that a member of the Legislature may introduce during the extraordinary session, and none of the bills introduced during the extraordinary session count toward the member's bill limit in the Regular Session. Special Session Bill Procedures and Calendars: There is no bill introduction deadline during special sessions, and the "30-day in print" rule and committee file notice requirements do not apply. Special session bills also are not subject to the regular legislative session calendar, committee and/or floor deadlines. The sine die deadline requiring session to adjourn on November 30 of the second year of a legislative session does apply to the Special Session. Effective Date of Special Session Legislation: Simple majority vote special session bills take effect on the 91st day after the special session is adjourned. Urgency measures and other two-thirds majority-vote bills take effect immediately upon the Governor's signature. The Governor has 12 days from the date it is received on his desk to sign or veto legislation. Similar to the Regular Session, a special session bill may become law without the Governor's signature. End of Special Session: Only the Legislature, by concurrent resolution, may end a special session. The concurrent resolution takes effect upon passage by both houses of the Legislature, and is not subject to a Governor's signature or veto. 
 Check this out.  I want to get any comments you might have before I sent it around. 
 fyi.  Extraordinary (Special) Session Rules and Procedures Call of Special Session: Only the Governor has the authority to convene a special session of the Legislature. In convening the session, the Governor must issue a proclamation outlining the reasons for the special session, and only issues specified in the proclamation may be acted upon. Election of Special Session Officers, Committees and Bill Referrals: The election of officers and the appointment of special session committees are separate from the Legislature's regular session. In some instances, special session committees are comprised of different committee members than those appointed to regular session committees. Identification of Special Session Bills and Publications: Separate record-keeping publications (File, History, Journal and Roll Call) are printed for each individual extraordinary session. Special session bills are identified by specific paper colors (i.e. blue or green). For example, documents in the 2001 Second Extraordinary Session are printed on green paper. Introduction of Special Session Bills: There is no limit to the number of bills that a member of the Legislature may introduce during the extraordinary session, and none of the bills introduced during the extraordinary session count toward the member's bill limit in the Regular Session. Special Session Bill Procedures and Calendars: There is no bill introduction deadline during special sessions, and the "30-day in print" rule and committee file notice requirements do not apply. Special session bills also are not subject to the regular legislative session calendar, committee and/or floor deadlines. The sine die deadline requiring session to adjourn on November 30 of the second year of a legislative session does apply to the Special Session. Effective Date of Special Session Legislation: Simple majority vote special session bills take effect on the 91st day after the special session is adjourned. Urgency measures and other two-thirds majority-vote bills take effect immediately upon the Governor's signature. The Governor has 12 days from the date it is received on his desk to sign or veto legislation. Similar to the Regular Session, a special session bill may become law without the Governor's signature. End of Special Session: Only the Legislature, by concurrent resolution, may end a special session. The concurrent resolution takes effect upon passage by both houses of the Legislature, and is not subject to a Governor's signature or veto. 
 7:30? 
 yes, you get pizza.  we'll get the wine and greens.  prentice LOVEs the fontina and garlic WITH mushrooms.  see you at the Vahl-kay-knowwwww. 
  Here's a cut at the taxonomy of regulatory risks associated with Direct Access. Please let  us know if the list looks about right.  FYI:  Sue and I are scheduled to travel to Portland to sit down with Steve Swain & Co. in the attempt to ensure that the folks managing the book are well briefed on the regulatory risks.  Finally, note that though the risks listed below are linked to PUC actions, the California Legislature could take actions that could trigger the same risks.  For example, the Legislature could pass a bill directing the PUC how to allocate costs associated with the utilties' undercollection, the bonds issued to recover general fund money used to purchase power, DWR's long term contracts, etc.  Best, Jeff  1.	Retroactive Suspension of DA Contracts:  The PUC rules in a subsequent decision that DA is suspended on some date 	between July 1 and September 20th.  2.	Contract renewal forbidden:  The PUC includes contract renewal under the suspension of DA.  3.	No incremental "DASR'ing":  The PUC includes incremental additions and subtractions of DA customer's load under the 	suspension of DA (e.g., fast food chains, University campus)  4.	Cost allocation: The PUC adds new costs to DA accounts and/or disproportionately shifts existing costs to DA accounts.  	Costs with the greatest risk of being shifted to DA customers include: IOU undercollection, bonds to repay the state general 	fund, and DWR contracts.  The costs associated with these categories are substantial.  Additional suggestions from Mike Day:  5.	DASR processing :  If the utilities attempt to implement the Commission-ordered suspension in an onerous way, it may 	put at risk contracts executed prior to 09.20.01 but not yet DASR'd.  6.	Confidentiality of contract information:  The utilities and/or the PUC may require ESPs to show contracts as proof 		that contracts were executed prior to 09.20.01. 
 FYI.  We can discuss further on Monday.  You may see something in the press about it.  Best, Jeff 
 See my and Sue's email. 
 FYI. 
 My money's on Mirant/Reliant as the leak. 
 FYI.  The Times finally ran the story.  Should add to Davis' migraines.  Couldn't happen to a nicer guy.  The pressure on the contracts is likely to heat up. Best, Jeff 8 State Power Contracts Seen as Bad Deals Energy: The long-term pacts require the purchase of too much electricity at too high a price for too long, a study finds. Immediate renegotiation is urged. By VIRGINIA ELLIS and NANCY VOGEL Times Staff Writers  September 30 2001  SACRAMENTO -- At least eight of the long-term contracts to buy electricity that California officials signed this year are so egregious that they should immediately be renegotiated, according to a new, detailed study.  The biggest problems are so-called "take or pay" clauses that require the state to buy large quantities of expensive power even if there is no demand for it, the study said.  The contracts will saddle Californians with high electricity rates for the next decade because the state negotiated many deals that require the purchase of too much energy at too high a price, according to the analysis, which was sponsored by a coalition of consumer, environmental and renewable energy groups.  Between January and September, the state Department of Water Resources entered into 53 agreements to buy electricity for customers of the state's three investor-owned utilities, which have been unable to buy power on their own. The longest of the contracts would last 20 years, and overall, the pacts are estimated to cost $43 billion over the next two decades.  Power generators did not rule out the possibility of renegotiating at least some contracts, but said any move to do so would have to be requested by the state.  "If we receive a request and it makes sense for both parties to restructure the contracts, we will consider it," said Joe Ronan, a senior vice president for San Jose-based Calpine Corp. But, he said, the company has "no intention of asking for renegotiation" on its own.  Jan Smutny-Jones, executive director of the Independent Energy Producers, a trade association for electricity generating companies, said other members of his group might also consider renegotiation. So far, he said, "I don't see any realistic legislative or regulatory efforts to push it in that direction."  And he said the producers would oppose any efforts to force them back to the bargaining table. "We'd take strong exception to involuntary renegotiations," he said.  For his part, Gov. Gray Davis would be open to renegotiations, said his spokesman, Steve Maviglio, but only if power generators show a willingness to return to the bargaining table.  "Would we love to get a better deal?" Maviglio said. "Of course we would, but the contracts we negotiated helped us get in the positive position we are in now, and if the generators were willing to renegotiate the contracts, we'd be the first ones at the table."  S. David Freeman, who led the contract talks last winter on behalf of the state, said critics miss the larger purpose of the agreements. When the state began negotiating contracts, California had just suffered two days of rotating blackouts. The contracts tamed the market and eliminated the blackout threat, he said.  "Insurance is insurance, and it costs a little bit," said Freeman, "but it's a good thing to have."  But William B. Marcus, chief economist for JBS Energy, which conducted the three-month study, noted that at least one of the most troublesome agreements was signed in July--weeks after the market had stabilized and prices had declined.  The study of the contracts was sponsored by the Center for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Technologies and was financed by a $200,000 grant from the San Francisco-based Energy Foundation. It was conducted by JBS, a consulting group.  The study singled out for criticism:  * A deal with Sempra Energy, parent company to San Diego Gas & Electric, which Marcus called the most expensive and inflexible of all the contracts. Over the life of the pact, he calculated, Sempra would earn $1.2 billion more than the California Energy Commission estimates unregulated power should cost.  The contract lasts until 2011. For each year, it requires the state to buy large amounts of power at fixed prices whether it's needed or not.  * A deal to buy electricity from small Northern California power plants owned by Calpine Co. that have yet to be built. The plants will be "peakers," designed to run in short bursts when electricity supplies are tight, such as on hot summer afternoons. The state agreed to pay Calpine $90 million a year for five years simply for the right to buy 495 megawatts of electricity.  "They get $90 million a year on plants that cost $250 million," said Marcus. "That's huge. You get your money out in three years. If a utility had built these power plants, they would have charged half as much."  * A deal with Alliance-Colton LLC to buy the output of two inefficient peaker power plants in San Bernardino County. The deal commits the state to pay $207 million through 2010 whether or not it uses any of the 72 megawatts of electricity.  * An agreement to pay $150 per megawatt-hour for two years--more than twice the average price of $69 per megawatt-hour of all the contracts--for power from several aging plants that Mirant Corp. of Atlanta owns in the San Francisco Bay Area.  * A contract the state signed in July to buy power from Pacificorp, a private utility based in Portland, Ore. Pacificorp agreed to sell electricity at a fixed price of $70 per megawatt-hour. That price could have looked reasonable at the height of last winter's crisis, but it was double what energy sold for when the contract was signed.  * Contracts with two power marketing companies for electricity generated by the same Southern California plants. The difference in price shows what a poor deal the state got under one of the contracts, the study said.  One of the marketers, Allegheny Energy Supply Co., agreed to sell from 150 to 1,000 megawatts from March 2001 to December 2011 for a straight $61 per megawatt-hour.  But a second marketer, Williams Energy Marketing & Trading Co. got a nine-year contract to sell from 35 to 600 megawatts from the same plants for $62.50 to $87 per megawatt-hour.  "When you compare those two contracts," Marcus said, "you know you've got a dog here. I think Williams showed up earlier, and the state was desperate."  * An agreement with Dynegy Corp. of Houston that requires the state to pay for emissions credits and upgrading of pollution control equipment on the firm's California-based plants. The contract puts no ceiling on those costs, Marcus said, and it is unclear how high they are likely to go.  * A pact to buy electricity from a plant being built in Victorville by a partnership between Inland Energy of Newport Beach and Constellation Power Development of Baltimore. The state agreed to a price of $58 per megawatt-hour, but is obligated to take all of the power, 24 hours a day, seven days a week.  Marcus, a Harvard-trained economist who has 23 years of experience with electricity and gas utility issues, said the brunt of the financial pain from the contracts will not be felt by consumers until after the next election, when the pacts significantly increase the amount of power the state buys. He said 96% of all the electricity purchased under the contracts becomes available--much of it on a take or pay basis--after next summer.  Those large power buys will come when the state is expected to have energy surpluses because of increasing supply and a decline in demand driven by higher prices.  "The state has agreed to buy too much power, often for too long a period, at too high a price, and much of this power is simply too dirty," said V. John White, executive director of the Center for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Technologies. "To make matters worse, almost all of these contracts are dependent on one price-volatile fuel: natural gas."  When the state began negotiating contracts in January, electricity prices averaged $177 per megawatt-hour and sometimes spiked higher than $1,000 per megawatt-hour. By June, the average price had fallen below $100. Lately, prices hover around $30 per megawatt-hour, similar to the cost California enjoyed before prices went haywire.  Marcus was particularly critical of one element of the Pacificorp contract: a clause that prevents the state from taking advantage of the plummeting price of natural gas until after 2003. The price of natural gas, the main fuel used to run power plants in California, began to jump last fall but has plummeted since spring.  Another weakness of the contracts, Marcus said, is that they lock the state into further dependence on gas. For the prices California will pay under these pacts, residents could have made a greater investment in power generated by the sun, wind or other renewable sources for the same price or cheaper, he said.  Windmills and solar panels would help buffer against natural gas price spikes, he said. Renewable sources of power also don't release air pollution and gases that contribute to global warming, he added.  "I'm paying to buy something that really isn't the right thing to buy," Marcus said.  "I don't want to pay Williams $69 a megawatt-hour to generate lots of inefficient gas-fired power that I have to take that's going to increase global warming and increase pollution in the South Coast Air Basin." 
 FYI.  8 State Power Contracts Seen as Bad Deals Energy: The long-term pacts require the purchase of too much electricity at too high a price for too long, a study finds. Immediate renegotiation is urged. By VIRGINIA ELLIS and NANCY VOGEL Times Staff Writers  September 30 2001  SACRAMENTO -- At least eight of the long-term contracts to buy electricity that California officials signed this year are so egregious that they should immediately be renegotiated, according to a new, detailed study.  The biggest problems are so-called "take or pay" clauses that require the state to buy large quantities of expensive power even if there is no demand for it, the study said.  The contracts will saddle Californians with high electricity rates for the next decade because the state negotiated many deals that require the purchase of too much energy at too high a price, according to the analysis, which was sponsored by a coalition of consumer, environmental and renewable energy groups.  Between January and September, the state Department of Water Resources entered into 53 agreements to buy electricity for customers of the state's three investor-owned utilities, which have been unable to buy power on their own. The longest of the contracts would last 20 years, and overall, the pacts are estimated to cost $43 billion over the next two decades.  Power generators did not rule out the possibility of renegotiating at least some contracts, but said any move to do so would have to be requested by the state.  "If we receive a request and it makes sense for both parties to restructure the contracts, we will consider it," said Joe Ronan, a senior vice president for San Jose-based Calpine Corp. But, he said, the company has "no intention of asking for renegotiation" on its own.  Jan Smutny-Jones, executive director of the Independent Energy Producers, a trade association for electricity generating companies, said other members of his group might also consider renegotiation. So far, he said, "I don't see any realistic legislative or regulatory efforts to push it in that direction."  And he said the producers would oppose any efforts to force them back to the bargaining table. "We'd take strong exception to involuntary renegotiations," he said.  For his part, Gov. Gray Davis would be open to renegotiations, said his spokesman, Steve Maviglio, but only if power generators show a willingness to return to the bargaining table.  "Would we love to get a better deal?" Maviglio said. "Of course we would, but the contracts we negotiated helped us get in the positive position we are in now, and if the generators were willing to renegotiate the contracts, we'd be the first ones at the table."  S. David Freeman, who led the contract talks last winter on behalf of the state, said critics miss the larger purpose of the agreements. When the state began negotiating contracts, California had just suffered two days of rotating blackouts. The contracts tamed the market and eliminated the blackout threat, he said.  "Insurance is insurance, and it costs a little bit," said Freeman, "but it's a good thing to have."  But William B. Marcus, chief economist for JBS Energy, which conducted the three-month study, noted that at least one of the most troublesome agreements was signed in July--weeks after the market had stabilized and prices had declined.  The study of the contracts was sponsored by the Center for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Technologies and was financed by a $200,000 grant from the San Francisco-based Energy Foundation. It was conducted by JBS, a consulting group.  The study singled out for criticism:  * A deal with Sempra Energy, parent company to San Diego Gas & Electric, which Marcus called the most expensive and inflexible of all the contracts. Over the life of the pact, he calculated, Sempra would earn $1.2 billion more than the California Energy Commission estimates unregulated power should cost.  The contract lasts until 2011. For each year, it requires the state to buy large amounts of power at fixed prices whether it's needed or not.  * A deal to buy electricity from small Northern California power plants owned by Calpine Co. that have yet to be built. The plants will be "peakers," designed to run in short bursts when electricity supplies are tight, such as on hot summer afternoons. The state agreed to pay Calpine $90 million a year for five years simply for the right to buy 495 megawatts of electricity.  "They get $90 million a year on plants that cost $250 million," said Marcus. "That's huge. You get your money out in three years. If a utility had built these power plants, they would have charged half as much."  * A deal with Alliance-Colton LLC to buy the output of two inefficient peaker power plants in San Bernardino County. The deal commits the state to pay $207 million through 2010 whether or not it uses any of the 72 megawatts of electricity.  * An agreement to pay $150 per megawatt-hour for two years--more than twice the average price of $69 per megawatt-hour of all the contracts--for power from several aging plants that Mirant Corp. of Atlanta owns in the San Francisco Bay Area.  * A contract the state signed in July to buy power from Pacificorp, a private utility based in Portland, Ore. Pacificorp agreed to sell electricity at a fixed price of $70 per megawatt-hour. That price could have looked reasonable at the height of last winter's crisis, but it was double what energy sold for when the contract was signed.  * Contracts with two power marketing companies for electricity generated by the same Southern California plants. The difference in price shows what a poor deal the state got under one of the contracts, the study said.  One of the marketers, Allegheny Energy Supply Co., agreed to sell from 150 to 1,000 megawatts from March 2001 to December 2011 for a straight $61 per megawatt-hour.  But a second marketer, Williams Energy Marketing & Trading Co. got a nine-year contract to sell from 35 to 600 megawatts from the same plants for $62.50 to $87 per megawatt-hour.  "When you compare those two contracts," Marcus said, "you know you've got a dog here. I think Williams showed up earlier, and the state was desperate."  * An agreement with Dynegy Corp. of Houston that requires the state to pay for emissions credits and upgrading of pollution control equipment on the firm's California-based plants. The contract puts no ceiling on those costs, Marcus said, and it is unclear how high they are likely to go.  * A pact to buy electricity from a plant being built in Victorville by a partnership between Inland Energy of Newport Beach and Constellation Power Development of Baltimore. The state agreed to a price of $58 per megawatt-hour, but is obligated to take all of the power, 24 hours a day, seven days a week.  Marcus, a Harvard-trained economist who has 23 years of experience with electricity and gas utility issues, said the brunt of the financial pain from the contracts will not be felt by consumers until after the next election, when the pacts significantly increase the amount of power the state buys. He said 96% of all the electricity purchased under the contracts becomes available--much of it on a take or pay basis--after next summer.  Those large power buys will come when the state is expected to have energy surpluses because of increasing supply and a decline in demand driven by higher prices.  "The state has agreed to buy too much power, often for too long a period, at too high a price, and much of this power is simply too dirty," said V. John White, executive director of the Center for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Technologies. "To make matters worse, almost all of these contracts are dependent on one price-volatile fuel: natural gas."  When the state began negotiating contracts in January, electricity prices averaged $177 per megawatt-hour and sometimes spiked higher than $1,000 per megawatt-hour. By June, the average price had fallen below $100. Lately, prices hover around $30 per megawatt-hour, similar to the cost California enjoyed before prices went haywire.  Marcus was particularly critical of one element of the Pacificorp contract: a clause that prevents the state from taking advantage of the plummeting price of natural gas until after 2003. The price of natural gas, the main fuel used to run power plants in California, began to jump last fall but has plummeted since spring.  Another weakness of the contracts, Marcus said, is that they lock the state into further dependence on gas. For the prices California will pay under these pacts, residents could have made a greater investment in power generated by the sun, wind or other renewable sources for the same price or cheaper, he said.  Windmills and solar panels would help buffer against natural gas price spikes, he said. Renewable sources of power also don't release air pollution and gases that contribute to global warming, he added.  "I'm paying to buy something that really isn't the right thing to buy," Marcus said.  "I don't want to pay Williams $69 a megawatt-hour to generate lots of inefficient gas-fired power that I have to take that's going to increase global warming and increase pollution in the South Coast Air Basin." 
 Consider me reminded.  Thank you. 
 Now that I've got your attention:  Whatever you're doing, keep it up, baby!  The stock's been moving up and up.  Keep doing it, man.  Best, Jeff 
 Go Barry! 
 FYI. Split between Davis and Lynch is now very public.  Davis is likely losing his mind.  Can Ron Carroll or Dan Watkiss search these filings down at FERC?  Thanks. Best, Jeff  State PUC seeks to void Davis's power contracts Deals gouge consumers, agency tells federal regulators In a move that could undermine California's hard-won control of the power market, state regulators are urging the federal government to throw out prices for some electricity contracts agreed to by Gov. Gray Davis. The state Public Utilities Commission, in what amounts to a rearguard action against the governor's power strategy, is arguing that some of the deals gouge Californians. The PUC says energy firms probably took advantage of the state's power crisis earlier this year to charge unfairly high prices, and it wants some of those prices cut. "The state is going to get itself into serious trouble with those contracts if they're not renegotiated," Commissioner Richard Bilas said. "I would support anything that would help us get the prices of those contracts down." The PUC apparently did not tell Davis administration officials that it was challenging the contracts before the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. "It's definitely not something that's a favorable thing to have happen to us," said Oscar Hidalgo, a spokesman for the state Department of Water Resources, which negotiated the contracts. Hidalgo said the long-term contracts, even though more expensive than current market prices, are the bulwark that protects the state from another round of spiraling spot market prices. "It would be a mistake to try to void those contracts out," Hidalgo said. "If that's the goal, then we're back to square one. Prices would start to creep up." The state is paying an average of $69 a megawatt hour under the contracts it has signed with private generators. Peak prices for electricity last week were less than $30. Hidalgo could not say whether the PUC actions could expose the state to lawsuits by the contractors or threaten a planned $12.5 billion bond issue to repay the state general fund for the power purchases. Over the past three months, lawyers for the PUC have filed challenges on various grounds before the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission against deals negotiated with PacifiCorp Power Marketing Inc., Alliance Colton LLC, Sempra Energy and a Calpine Corp. subsidiary, said PUC attorney Sean Gallagher. SEMPRA, CALPINE CONTRACTS Taken together, Sempra and Calpine have sold about half the electricity that the Davis administration has agreed to buy in an array of 53 agreements, some of which last 20 years. In all, California has committed to spending at least $43 billion for electricity. The deal with PacifiCorp Power Marketing has already come under attack because while the state was negotiating the $1 billion contract, one of Davis' energy consultants owned stock in the power supplier's parent company. Gallagher said PUC attorneys may recommend commission actions against other contracts. Davis' spokesman Steve Maviglio said Friday the administration couldn't comment until it had studied the PUC submissions. The PUC's challenges mark the latest battle between Davis and the five- member commission, which is resisting administration energy policies even though it is controlled by the governor's three appointees. The commission has rebuffed Davis' attempts to nail down a mechanism for utility customers to cover the costs of the long-term power contracts and pay off the planned $12.5 billion bond issue. STATE TREASURER'S WARNING State Treasurer Phil Angelides warned last week that the PUC's actions threatened to delay the bond issue and leave a $9 billion hole in the state budget next year. PUC President Loretta Lynch opposes the bond plan because it requires the commission to rubber-stamp the power contracts and forces the state to maintain a prolonged role as an energy buyer. "We should not, through the instrument of the bonds, lock down the policy choices for the state for 15 years," Lynch said last week. "We should stay as flexible as possible. Lynch could not be reached for comment on the commission's challenges to the contracts. Commissioner Jeff Brown, Lynch's fellow Davis appointee, said the filings don't rule out Davis' bond financing deal. Nor do they threaten a state default on the long-term contracts, he said. But federal action could help the state improve the deals, he said. "The state of California has never consciously defaulted on a contract," he said. "Even if we renegotiate, we'll renegotiate within the confines of the contract." Hidalgo, however, said he doubted the state could modify the contracts. Under power granted by the Legislature, he said, the water department made its own finding that the contract prices were reasonable. Jan Mitchell, a spokeswoman for ScottishPower, parent company of PacifiCorp Power Marketing, said both sides agreed to the contract after full negotiations. "Now another California agency is disputing it," Mitchell said. "We obviously disagree, and we'll continue to work with FERC, making sure the contracts are honored." PUC CRITICAL OF DEALINGS The PUC argues that the Portland energy firm wielded excessive market power when the state signed its 10-year, $1 billion deal with the company July 6. That forced the water department to accept unfair prices to avoid blackouts, the PUC says. "News reports suggest that the (water department) paid substantially over the then-current market prices for this contract, prices which will be passed through to California retail ratepayers," the PUC said. An energy consultant to Davis, Vikram Budhraja, admitted in August that he owned as much as $10,000 worth of Scottish Power stock while the deal was being worked out. Budhraja sold the stock July 30, and state officials said he had nothing to do with the PacifiCorp Power Marketing deal. Uncertainty over the contracts adds to growing turmoil in the state's energy picture. While the issue has slipped from the public eye, Davis' solutions to the energy crisis are meeting resistance not only from the PUC but from fellow Democrats in the state Senate, which has refused to pass his plan to stabilize Southern California Edison's finances and stave off a second utility bankruptcy filing. While officials fight among themselves, the energy industry is moving aggressively to reverse state efforts to put the brakes on deregulation. *************************************************** 
 Alice, whom I used to ride with and her guy Jeff (remember we went to their place in Petaluma some time back--chicken coups?) is getting married on Sunday, October 21 at 3 o'clock on Mare Island.  You want to go? 
 FYI.  Long piece criticizing the Forbes' article criticizing Enron.  Not bad. 
   >FYI.  Please keep confidential.  John White's trying to go after the contracts.  Hap Boyd, who's on his Board, is opposing John's action and asking him not to go forward.  Too bad.  He was ready to launch.  Not sure what Hap's sensitivities are.  John's asked me not to intervene at this point.  Best, Jeff 
 Really appreciate the note.  Great working with you.  Best, Jeff 
 I love it.  Unfortunately, ENA would likely go bonkers since many of the folks whose deals we'd be bettering also happen to be big ENA customers.  If there's a way to finesse it (e.g., "Enron offers State big power deal for 1/2 what State contracted for"), it would really bring the house down.  But I think that ENA would get damn queasy about doing it. 
 i.e., "sign up, or else."  (I love it when you're tough.) 
 you're b-day.  if you guys would like to go there, that's just peachy with us.  really. 
 I'm hooting just thinking about it.  Could we get someone else to do it?  (Problem is just about everybody who could do it is in the soup because they're holding one of those stinking DWR contracts.) 
 Thanks. You're call.  Might be a good idea to talk with him in advance.  Let me know what you think. Or, given the time crunch, just contacting his office to find out what his angle will be would be helpful--I also assume he'll spend his time 1) singing PA's praises and 2) claiming that DA can work, if done right, both of which are great messages.  Best, Jeff 
 I took a quick look.  In short: --create regulatory asset out of the PX credit --collect on utility bills as dedicated rate component --silent on who should pay the charge.  Best, Jeff 
 Oh dear.  Get a story straight?  That's moving the bar pretty darned high, ain't it?  Wednesday looks good for me. 
 Jim/Rick/Steve:  Talked to Fielder.  Let me know when it's good to take 5 minutes to debrief.  Thx,Jeff 
 What do you think? 
 FYI. 
 Consumer Groups, Calif PUC Question Pwr Contract Validity LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--Two California consumer groups have asked California Attorney General Bill Lockyer to investigate whether some state electricity contracts should be nullified because of a possible conflict of interest held by one of the state's negotiations, according to a press release Monday. The Utility Reform Network and Consumers Union asked Lockyer to examine whether income earned from energy companies by consultant Vikram Budhraja presented a conflict of interest, because he may have been involved in contract negotiations with those companies We believe there is ample evidence for the Attorney General to investigate whether some of the state's electricity contracts were made in violation of California's conflict of interest laws," said Bill Ahern, senior policy analyst with Consumers Union West Coast Regional Office. "If the Attorney General finds that a contract was made in violation of the law, it must be set aside as void." Three weeks after Budhraja's January hire date, Williams Companies (WMB <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/quotes/?symbol=WMB>, news <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/news/?symbol=WMB>, msgs <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/discuss/?symbol=WMB>) won a $3.4 billion contract to provide power to the state over 10 1/2 years. Budhraja disclosed in mid-August that his company, the Electric Power Group, was paid more than $10,000 by Williams during the previous 12 months. Budhraja was hired by the California Department of Water Resources to negotiate power contracts, but hasn't said which generators he dealt with in the weeks before the Williams contract was signed. "It is reasonable to assume that Budhraja may have been involved in the negotiations that led to the Williams contract," Ahern said. "It is also likely that there are more detailed records and evidence in existence, which only a subpoena or search warrant may uncover." The groups also are concerned that Budhraja may have held a conflict of interest due to his potential involvement in negotiating a $3.9 billion contract with Allegheny Energy Inc. (AYE <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/quotes/?symbol=AYE>, news <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/news/?symbol=AYE>, msgs <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/discuss/?symbol=AYE>) while he owned stocks in energy companies, according to the release. The Attorney General's office recently said it doesn't plan to investigate conflicts of interest involving energy contract negotiations. No one at the office could be reached for comment Monday. The California Public Utilities Commission is also petitioning federal regulators to throw out some of the state's $43 billion in long-term energy contracts, the San Francisco Chronicle reported Monday. The CPUC has argued in filings with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission over the past three months that energy companies took advantage of the state's energy crisis to negotiate high-priced contracts, according to the report. The average price of power under the contracts is $69 a megawatt-hour, more than double peak electricity prices last week. CPUC lawyers have filed challenges before the FERC on deals negotiated with Scottish Power (SPI <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/quotes/?symbol=SPI>, news <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/news/?symbol=SPI>, msgs <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/discuss/?symbol=SPI>) unit PacifiCorp, Alliance Colton LLC, Sempra Energy (SRE <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/quotes/?symbol=SRE>, news <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/news/?symbol=SRE>, msgs <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/discuss/?symbol=SRE>) and Calpine Corp. (CPN <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/quotes/?symbol=CPN>, news <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/news/?symbol=CPN>, msgs <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/discuss/?symbol=CPN>), according to the report. Budhraja disclosed in August that he owned as much as $10,000 in Scottish Power stock while a $1 billion long-term contract with subsidiary PacifiCorp was being hammered out. The state signed the 10-year contract July 6. Budraha sold his stock July 30. State officials say Budhraja had nothing to do with the deal, according to the report. 
 Talked to John Fielder (SVP at the utility) this morning in an attempt to determine if Edison will come around and pay us the PX credit they owe us.  Summary of our offer: Edison pays us 90% of what they owe us as of 01.17.01. Payment structure: Edison pays us 10% immediately, with an agreed to (speedy) payment schedule for the remaining 90%. In return, we drop our complaint against Edison at the PUC. In return, we agree to a bottoms-up approach retroactive to March 1 to replace the current PX Credit/Residual CTC framework.  Fielder said that he didn't see any show-stoppers in our proposal, but had to check back on his end.  However, there were three additional issues that he wanted to add to any deal: Some agreement regarding payment of Edison's undercollection (this would cover any of our DA customers who were bundled services customers pre-January 17). We agreed that this would only be an issue to the extent that the Legislature and/or the PUC agreed that Edison should get authority to recoup its undercollection in rates. Some agreement on DWR stranded costs.  John expressed the view that DWR bought power under the assumption that the customers who've recently gone DA would be there to take the power, and now that they've left, they should contribute in some way to any stranded costs. I told John that this issue is a hornet's nest, that we were better off leaving it out, but we'd consider his proposals. Some agreement on forebearance.  I told John that if Edison agrees to pay us, it didn't seem that forebearance would be off the table.  We agreed to touch base at the same time Wednesday morning.  The idea is that he'll get back to me with Edison's reaction to our proposal; and we'd get back to him on Edison's proposals.  Might be useful to determine whether we want to continue the discussions.  While John seemed very inclined to work something out, all signals are that the Legislature isn't inclinded to bail Edison out next week.  In which case, Edison could be in bankruptcy in a couple of weeks, which would presumably nullify any agreement we might reach with them. On the other hand, if the Legislature pulls a rabbit out of a hat, an agreement might have real value.  Any comments folks have on 1) Edison's proposals and 2) whether it makes sense to continue discussions on Wednesday are appreciated.  Seems that, at a minimum, if we agree to consider Edison's proposals, then our payment should go from 90 cents to 100 cents on the dollar.  Best, Jeff 
 California Retailers Association Supports PG&E Reorganization Plan SACRAMENTO, Calif., Oct. 1 /PRNewswire/ -- California Retailers Association today released the following statement on Pacific Gas and Electric Company's proposal to emerge from bankruptcy: "The California Retailers Association supports this plan because of the many benefits it offers to California, its consumers, and its businesses." "We are pleased that this proposal would allow PG&E to pay the tens of thousands of small businesses who are owed money -- in full, with interest. These firms, through no fault of their own, have been hurt by this energy crisis, and should be made whole -- and will be, under this proposal." "We are particularly pleased that PG&E's plan does not include any kind of rate increase. With our economy hanging in the balance, the last thing California consumers or small businesses need is higher utility rates. The plan also will provide consumers with power pricing stability -- by locking in long-term prices for power at a relatively low price. This will benefit all customers by establishing fair prices that won't spike over time." "Finally, it is critically important to note that the plan is designed to return PG&E to financial viability so that the State of California can get out of the power procurement business, which has been taking funds away from other economic and social programs. The plan also does not require any legislative action or any financial bailout, so the State's attention and funds may once again be focused on their appropriate objectives." The California Retailers Association is a trade association representing major California department and specialty stores, mass merchandisers, grocery, chain drug and convenience stores. Our members have more than 9,000 stores in California and account for more than $100 billion in sales annually. 
 Thanks very much.  I faxed one the PUC filed against the Colton contract. 
 Pure PG&E.  They'll be talking to just about everyone and greasing palms to get more of the same.  Can't wait to see who else jumps on the wagon. 
 Horrible, unfortunately.  He was the loudest, most articulate voice appearing before the PUC on the 20th, staunchly--and I mean staunchly--opposing DA.  If I see him, I'm going to get all over him.  But me thinks the contracts are in for a wild ride. 
 Thanks very much. 
 Doesn't look good.  USA: Shares of NewPower plummet in midday trade.  10/01/2001 Reuters English News Service (C) Reuters Limited 2001.  NEW YORK, Oct 1 (Reuters) - Shares of electricity provider NewPower Holdings were down almost 20 percent on Monday on the New York Stock Exchange, but the company had no comment on the share drop. Shares of NewPower were down 55 cents, or 17.9 percent, to $2.53 in midday trade on the New York Stock Exchange. "We don't comment on stock activity. We are reporting our earnings in November," said Gael Doar, spokeswoman for NewPower. NewPower, which bills itself as the first national provider of electricity and natural gas to residential and small commercial customers, recently became the outside provider with the greatest share for competitive energy providers as part of the Texas's deregulation.  Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 Alan: Two things.  1) Assuming that you're lead on the meeting (i.e., agenda, facilitate meeting)---if not, just let us know and we'll take the reins.  2) Seems appropriate to invite Jim to participate.  Sure he'll be interested.  Your call.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  I'm in Goucester Mass this week but am getting the message to folks from here.  You launching on the contracts?  Best, Jeff 
 Tee hee (ki barber) 
 FYI.  May be useful for Thursday's meeting.  Best, Jeff 
 In terms of our proposal, went over it with Wanda and Michael last week, and they, I believe, ran it by Swain.  The real issue is what (if anything) we do about Edison's desire to lock down undercollection and DWR stranded costs as part of the deal (which they likely view as a pretty good hedge, since it's looking less than 50-50 that the Legislature isn't going to pull it off).  Best, Jeff 
 Call me. 
  Thanks for coming by yesterday.  Look forward to getting the deck up and hopefully working on many other projects in the future.  Zip me a fax when you get the materials quote at 415.782.7854.  Best, Jeff 
 Should you care, on Friday at the Hotel Monaco in SF, Law Seminars International is having a conference about electric restructuring in CA. The 8:30 AM panel is "status and implications of the PG&E Bankruptcy" with Jim Lopes and LInda Ekstrom.  I'll be in Sacramento that day.  Best, Jeff 
 This looks very good.  One suggestion:  May be a little ambitious to do #2, and really ambitious to do #2 for the entire West.  May want to priortize in some small way, like, what are the 5 things that most affect the book (maybe confined to California?).  Just a suggestion.  I'm comfortable doing the whole nine yards.  Just concerned that we may fail to cover some really big risks that are lurking on the horizon in the near term if we choose not to focus down just a bit.  That said, seems real important to complete the comprehensive view as you've set out in the agenda as soon as we can (e.g., next four weeks, or so).  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Big customers were hesitant to sign on to the ARM filing, but they were cajoled into filing on their own.  They seem to hit the mark pretty well.  Best, Jeff 
   SUMMARY OF THE DRAFT RATE AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PUC AND DWR   The Bond Structure ? Keeps the state in the power selling business for 15 years - the life of the bonds - because the bonds are repaid solely from the state's power purchase revenues and no other repayment source. ? Designed as a "net revenue bond," meaning bondholders are paid last and all other DWR costs and expenses are paid first.  In order to sell net revenue bonds, DWR must show that it has guaranteed revenues to both: (1) carry out its entire operations and (2) generate enough profit to pay off the bonds.  As a result, the rating of a net revenue bond depends on the overall financial health of the company - in this case, a guarantee that the overall power purchase program instituted by DWR will be paid for by ratepayers for 15 years. ? Requires that California's current energy policies and programs are set in place and not subject to further political or policy changes for at least the next 15 years and that the continued operation of this program will generate enough income to meet all the program's possible financial needs for the life of the bonds. ? Ratepayers will pay for the state's power purchase program as long as the bonds are outstanding.   The Rate Agreement ? Requires the Commission to adjust rates in 45 to 90 days when DWR sends over a revenue requirement.  The Commission is limited only to correcting mathematical error or costs outside the agreement's scope.  If the Commission does not adjust rates according to DWR's estimated revenue calculations, the Bond Trustee may enforce bondholders' rights to have rates established at a level that satisfies DWR. ? May require the Commission to require all utilities to take DWR's power and deliver it to customers in their service territories before the utilities sell their own, often lower cost power to customers in each service territory. ? Precludes utilities from returning to the business of providing 100% of their customers' electricity needs for the life of the bonds because the state must stay in the business of buying and selling power to meet the requirements of a net revenue bond.  Guarantees DWR receives whatever revenue it needs for all of its power programs and establishes the State in the power business for at least 15 years, the life of the bonds. ? Because the bonds can be repaid only from DWR sales, suggests the need to change the Legislatively imposed mandate that DWR's program "sunset" at the end of 2002.   Already, the financial community has expressed concern about this provision.  In response, DWR's comments on the Rate Agreement suggested that an extension of the sunset by Executive Order could allow DWR to continue purchasing power in a way that would be funded through Commission-approved revenue requirements. ? Provides generators, who negotiated long-term contracts with the state during the very height of the energy crisis when market power was being exercised, irrevocable 15-year assurances that those power purchase deals will be treated as solidly as if they were loans from the generators to the State. ? Interferes with Federal or other court efforts to review the long-term contracts entered into by the state.  Because the existence of those contracts is essential to the continuation of the bond deal, the state would not be able to take advantage of any change in circumstance or law that would reduce dependence on disadvantageous long-term contracts. ? The Commission must also enforce rules so that utilities can bill and collect on DWR's behalf, and customers are subject to disconnection for failure to pay for electricity provided by DWR. ? Constitutes irrevocable financing document - the Commission may not alter or modify any of its provisions without DWR's agreement.  DWR will likely need to obtain bondholder approval before agreeing to any changes.  Remains in effect as long as the bonds are outstanding, regardless of how many bonds are issued.   The Challenges to the Rate Agreement ? Eleven parties filed comments opposed to the Rate Agreement. ? Received comments in support only from DWR, the office of the State Treasurer, and the investment bank underwriting the bond transaction. ? Received strong opposition citing numerous flaws with the rate agreement, including: o The Commission cannot make the iron-clad guarantee to meet DWR's revenue requirement o Unconstitutional, contrary to general principles of utilities law, and outside the scope of AB 1X, the statute that allows DWR to buy power o DWR has acted illegally and the Commission's actions are illegal because they rely on allegedly improper conduct on the part of DWR Oppose the requirement that the Commission must ensure that DWR has the physical ability to stay in business using the utilities distribution networks. 
 Consumer Groups, Calif PUC Question Pwr Contract Validity  LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--Two California consumer groups have asked California Attorney General Bill Lockyer to investigate whether some state electricity contracts should be nullified because of a possible conflict of interest held by one of the state's negotiations, according to a press release Monday.  The Utility Reform Network and Consumers Union asked Lockyer to examine whether income earned from energy companies by consultant Vikram Budhraja presented a conflict of interest, because he may have been involved in contract negotiations with those companies  We believe there is ample evidence for the Attorney General to investigate whether some of the state's electricity contracts were made in violation of California's conflict of interest laws," said Bill Ahern, senior policy analyst with Consumers Union West Coast Regional Office. "If the Attorney General finds that a contract was made in violation of the law, it must be set aside as void." Three weeks after Budhraja's January hire date, Williams Companies (WMB, news, msgs) won a $3.4 billion contract to provide power to the state over 10 1/2 years. Budhraja disclosed in mid-August that his company, the Electric Power Group, was paid more than $10,000 by Williams during the previous 12 months. Budhraja was hired by the California Department of Water Resources to negotiate power contracts, but hasn't said which generators he dealt with in the weeks before the Williams contract was signed.  "It is reasonable to assume that Budhraja may have been involved in the negotiations that led to the Williams contract," Ahern said. "It is also likely that there are more detailed records and evidence in existence, which only a subpoena or search warrant may uncover."  The groups also are concerned that Budhraja may have held a conflict of interest due to his potential involvement in negotiating a $3.9 billion contract with Allegheny Energy Inc. (AYE, news, msgs) while he owned stocks in energy companies, according to the release.  The Attorney General's office recently said it doesn't plan to investigate conflicts of interest involving energy contract negotiations. No one at the office could be reached for comment Monday.  The California Public Utilities Commission is also petitioning federal regulators to throw out some of the state's $43 billion in long-term energy contracts, the San Francisco Chronicle reported Monday.  The CPUC has argued in filings with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission over the past three months that energy companies took advantage of the state's energy crisis to negotiate high-priced contracts, according to the report. The average price of power under the contracts is $69 a megawatt-hour, more than double peak electricity prices last week.  CPUC lawyers have filed challenges before the FERC on deals negotiated with Scottish Power (SPI, news, msgs) unit PacifiCorp, Alliance Colton LLC, Sempra Energy (SRE, news, msgs) and Calpine Corp. (CPN, news, msgs), according to the report.  Budhraja disclosed in August that he owned as much as $10,000 in Scottish Power stock while a $1 billion long-term contract with subsidiary PacifiCorp was being hammered out. The state signed the 10-year contract July 6. Budraha sold his stock July 30. State officials say Budhraja had nothing to do with the deal, according to the report. 
 FYI. Pretty good letter from large customers urging the PUC to vote down the rate agreement between DWR and the PUC. With Loretta announcing today (and signaling to the Republicans on the Commission) that she'll be voting no on the rate agreement tomorrow, it looks like Davis and Angelides are in for a bad day.  Sort of chokes you up.  Best, Jeff 
 Seriously?  (I'd be happy to.) 
 What time on Wednesday? 
 THE WOMEN IN LEADERSHIP CONFERENCE BRINGS HEAVY HITTERS TO HAAS All faculty, students, staff, and alumni are invited to the 6th annual Women in Leadership Conference, which takes place on Saturday, October 20. This year's theme, "Explore, Inspire, Excel," is embodied by two exceptional keynote speakers: Donna Dubinsky, founder, president, and CEO of Handspring, and Beth Sawi, chief administrative officer and executive vice president of Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.  The annual WIL conference is the longest-running student-run conference at Haas. Last year it attracted more than 400 participants including current MBA and undergraduate students, alumni, and career women from the greater Bay Area.  Dubinsky gives the first keynote address of the day. She co-founded Handspring with Jeff Hawkins in July 1998 to create a new breed of hand-held computers for consumers. Before joining Handspring Dubinsky served as president and CEO of Palm Computing, where she helped make the Palm Pilot the best-selling hand-held computer and the most rapidly adopted new computing product ever produced. When Dubinsky first joined Hawkins at Palm Computing in 1992, shortly after the company was founded, she brought with her more than ten years of marketing and logistics experience from Apple and Claris. Dubinsky and Hawkins introduced the original Palm Pilot in February 1996, a move that revitalized the hand-held computing industry. She earned her BA from Yale University and her MBA from the Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration.  Beth Sawi oversees Human Resources, Corporate Communications, Community Affairs, Legal, Compliance, Internal Audit, and Corporate Services. She is also a member of the executive committee for The Charles Schwab Corporation. She will give the afternoon keynote address.  Sawi is a long-time veteran of Schwab; she started her career at Schwab in 1982. From 1995 to 1997 she was executive vice president of Electronic Brokerage, during which time she headed Schwab's Internet launch. Sawi took a sabbatical in Italy in 1998-99 during which she wrote her book "Coming Up for Air: How to Build a Balanced Life in a Workaholic World," published by Hyperion in February 2000. She received a BA from Tufts University and an MBA from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business.  Throughout the day, conference attendees will interact with leaders from a variety of professional backgrounds through the conference's panel sessions and workshops. Panels planned for this year's conference include: + Management Techniques to Inspire and Motivate + Women and the New Economy - Women in the Tech World + International Business + Wild Women  This year's conference is sponsored by Fortune, Ford, Chevron, Genentech, J.P. Morgan, Johnson & Johnson, Accenture, Goldman Sachs, and Adobe.  For more information on the WIL conference, please visit <http://www.wilconference.org/2001/index.html>. 
 Did anyone else get the attachment?  If not, Paul, could you resend?  Thanks. 
 could you give me a call when you've got 5 minutes.  i have a very quick question.  thanks a lot.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 I'm real sorry to bug you with this, but you and I will need to do some research so that I can make sure that I'm reporting properly.  Please stop by when you get a minute.  Thanks very much.  Jeff 
 Do we have a boiled down version of the judge's proposed order in the PNW refund case? If we do, I'd like to start disseminating it liberally around California, and would also like to use it at this forum I'll be speaking at on Friday.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Barry:  Congratulations on side-stepping what many (including us) thought would be a summer filled with supply disruptions. We're as glad as anybody that it hasn't happened.  I have a quick question:  Your consultant for gas procurement, a fellow named Mark Baldwin, until recently did some consulting work for one of our business units, Transwestern gas pipeline.  Mark has informed us that we won't be able to talk to him in his new role due to conflict of interest considerations that arise from our previous relationship with Mark.  With that in mind, I was wondering if there is someone else working on gas procurement other than Mark (who doesn't face the same conflict issues) that we could meet with to discuss providing low-cost gas services to California?  We're very cognizant of the importance of maintaining a conflict-free environment.  But it would be a shame for the state to forego a good gas deal for the state's consumers.  If there's someone we can talk to and avoid (even the appearance of) conflict-of-interest, we'd be very anxious to do so.  Thanks for your time and hope all is well.  Best, Jeff 
 In case you hadn't seen it, your pal Vikram's taking some pretty hard knocks right about now.  Hope all is well. Best, Jeff Consumer Groups, Calif PUC Question Pwr Contract Validity LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--Two California consumer groups have asked California Attorney General Bill Lockyer to investigate whether some state electricity contracts should be nullified because of a possible conflict of interest held by one of the state's negotiations, according to a press release Monday. The Utility Reform Network and Consumers Union asked Lockyer to examine whether income earned from energy companies by consultant Vikram Budhraja presented a conflict of interest, because he may have been involved in contract negotiations with those companies We believe there is ample evidence for the Attorney General to investigate whether some of the state's electricity contracts were made in violation of California's conflict of interest laws," said Bill Ahern, senior policy analyst with Consumers Union West Coast Regional Office. "If the Attorney General finds that a contract was made in violation of the law, it must be set aside as void." Three weeks after Budhraja's January hire date, Williams Companies (WMB <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/quotes/?symbol=WMB>, news <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/news/?symbol=WMB>, msgs <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/discuss/?symbol=WMB>) won a $3.4 billion contract to provide power to the state over 10 1/2 years. Budhraja disclosed in mid-August that his company, the Electric Power Group, was paid more than $10,000 by Williams during the previous 12 months. Budhraja was hired by the California Department of Water Resources to negotiate power contracts, but hasn't said which generators he dealt with in the weeks before the Williams contract was signed. "It is reasonable to assume that Budhraja may have been involved in the negotiations that led to the Williams contract," Ahern said. "It is also likely that there are more detailed records and evidence in existence, which only a subpoena or search warrant may uncover." The groups also are concerned that Budhraja may have held a conflict of interest due to his potential involvement in negotiating a $3.9 billion contract with Allegheny Energy Inc. (AYE <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/quotes/?symbol=AYE>, news <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/news/?symbol=AYE>, msgs <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/discuss/?symbol=AYE>) while he owned stocks in energy companies, according to the release. The Attorney General's office recently said it doesn't plan to investigate conflicts of interest involving energy contract negotiations. No one at the office could be reached for comment Monday. The California Public Utilities Commission is also petitioning federal regulators to throw out some of the state's $43 billion in long-term energy contracts, the San Francisco Chronicle reported Monday. The CPUC has argued in filings with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission over the past three months that energy companies took advantage of the state's energy crisis to negotiate high-priced contracts, according to the report. The average price of power under the contracts is $69 a megawatt-hour, more than double peak electricity prices last week. CPUC lawyers have filed challenges before the FERC on deals negotiated with Scottish Power (SPI <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/quotes/?symbol=SPI>, news <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/news/?symbol=SPI>, msgs <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/discuss/?symbol=SPI>) unit PacifiCorp, Alliance Colton LLC, Sempra Energy (SRE <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/quotes/?symbol=SRE>, news <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/news/?symbol=SRE>, msgs <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/discuss/?symbol=SRE>) and Calpine Corp. (CPN <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/quotes/?symbol=CPN>, news <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/news/?symbol=CPN>, msgs <http://quicken.excite.com/investments/discuss/?symbol=CPN>), according to the report. Budhraja disclosed in August that he owned as much as $10,000 in Scottish Power stock while a $1 billion long-term contract with subsidiary PacifiCorp was being hammered out. The state signed the 10-year contract July 6. Budraha sold his stock July 30. State officials say Budhraja had nothing to do with the deal, according to the report. 
 Yank, yank, yank.  Loretta's tubing Davis as we write.  Chill, dude. 
 The Senate Rules Committee just met.  During the hearing, Senate Leader John Burton stated that: the Senate intends to rewrite the version of the MOU that the Assembly approved last Thursday night and sent over to the Senate for final approval (SB78). the version of the MOU that will emerge from the Senate sometime this week will look much more like the bill that originally passed out of the Senate prior to the July summer recess.  That bill was unacceptable to Edison and Davis, which led to the version that the Assembly developed and approved last Thursday night. If the Senate proceeds as Burton suggests, the chances are very low that an MOU will make it through the Legislature and get Davis' signature. Burton generally sticks to his word. But there is still time for additional negotiations and SB78 could squeak by. However, Burton's comments in the Rules Committee certainly don't help 78's chances for survival. Finally, the Assembly is currently debating the last surviving windfall profits bill, and the bill is having a hard time getting the votes necessary for passage.  More information on the windfall profits bill as we get it.  Best, Jeff 
 He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.  He's my best friend.  VERY bright g= uy.  He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.  He's my best friend.  VERY bri= ght guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY br= ight guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY b= right guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY = bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY= bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VER= Y bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VE= RY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  V= ERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  = VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend. = VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.= VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend= .  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best frien= d.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best frie= nd.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best fri= end.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best fr= iend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best f= riend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best = friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best= friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my bes= t friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my be= st friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my b= est friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my = best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my= best friend.  VERY bright guy.He's my best friend.  VERY bright guy. 
 You know, we could make a deal.  I won't yank yours and you don't yank mine, but I know that you get so much enjoyment (and have experienced phenomenal success at) yanking mine that I don't think that's a good deal for you.... 
 Thanks very much. 
 This will work for what I need to submit.  FYI:  I'm not going to get another person to help out on this, so I'm assuming that with me and the resources that I'll bring to bear, and with you folks and the resources that you'll devote, we'll be able to do an outstanding job of achieving the overall objective of taking a proactive regulatory stance in California.  Best, Jeff 
 PG&E Gas Accord--$10K PUC proceeding to consider continuing PG&E's "Gas Accord."  The Gas Accord is PG&E's program to unbundle its backbone transmission and storage systems.  The program began in 1998 and will expire Q4/2002. Sempra (SoCalGas) System Unbundling--$10K Though PG&E's system has been unbundled since 1998, SoCalGas' system remains bundled.  The PUC has pressured SoCalGas to emulate PG&E's restructured system. ENA Origination Support (Getting info from Tycholiz)--$$XXK Rate related proceedings (PG&E/Sempra)--$1.5K Every two years, the utilities are required to file with the PUC any price changes it desires to make.  These price changes can have a direct financial effect on ENA's, TW's and EES' business. ENA power plant support--$2.5K ENA Western Origination is developing numerous gas-fired power plants in California.  ENA seeks GA support in order to obtain gas services for those plants. Transwestern infrastructure and origination support--$2.5K Transwestern is either considering, or in the early stages of, developing additional pipeline infrastrastructure in California. CFEE Board Dues--$15K 
 you took the words right out of my mouth... 
 For you, anything.  My kingdom for a Kaufman... 
 Hey, babe, how's things?  You get your glasses?  When we gonna get together again for a Spades massacre?  Could you order me one case of coastal cab, one of coastal zin and one of Mondavi 1997 cab?  Kisses, Jeff  PS  Last night Prentice made the most delicious porcini risotto from a veal stock that she and Cameron made!  It was truly (no kidding) incredible. 
 Jeez, Eldon is on fire. 
 Why "not very?" 
 We continue to attempt to kill the hearing altogether.  Will advise with info as it happens.  Best, Jeff 
 In what will likely be viewed as a fairly shocking event, the California PUC today voted down Davis' proposed rate agreement between DWR and the CPUC. The vote was 4-1, with the two Republicans voting with Davis' hand-picked appointees Lynch and Wood. Davis' proposal was introduced at the meeting by another Davis appointee--Geoff Brown--who made a lengthy speech about why California would experience economic and political destruction if the PUC did not approve Davis' proposed rate agreement.  What is Davis' proposed rate agreement between DWR and the CPUC? It would remove all PUC authority to review any contracts between DWR with suppliers. It would require the PUC to pass through to utility rates all DWR power contract costs, no questions asked.  What are the implications of the move by the PUC to reject Davis' proposal? With the vote, it remains unclear how California/DWR will pay for the DWR power contracts. The political pressure to re-negotiate--or break--the DWR power contracts is likely to intensify considerably. It remains unclear how California/DWR will pay for the $12.5 B in bonds the Treasurer has unsuccessfully attempted to issue for past several months. Under the structure devised by Davis, the revenues flowing from the CPUC/DWR rate agreement would be used to both 1) pay for the DWR power contracts and 2) service the bonds the Treasurer is trying to issue to repay California's General Fund for spot and other short term power purchased by DWR since January. In short, there is no clear indication of how California will pay for DWR contracts or issue the bonds. Safe to say that today's PUC vote has seriously embarrassed Davis, and left his approach to "solving" California electricity crisis in shambles.  What Next? A broad left-right coalition of energy interests supported a bill (18XX) that passed the Legislature with broad bi-partisan support. The bill would create a "dedicated rate component" on every customers bill to service the $12.5 B in bonds that the Treasurer wants to issue. Proponents of the bill--and just about everyone else--argue that the "dedicated rate component" is a signficantly more efficient way to raise the debt California needs to plug the hole in its budget. The bill is silent, however, on how California would pay for the DWR contracts, and the bill's opponents claim that the power suppliers will sue as a result. All four PUC commissioners who voted against the Davis rate agreement today urged Davis to sign the bill.  The left-right coalition (from Nader types to oil companies) is also working hard to get Davis to sign it. Davis has said that he will veto the bill on the advice of the Treasurer and bond counsel. Given today's vote, however, Davis may have no alternative than to sign the bill if he wants to get the bonds issued and the state budget repaid.  Update on Edison Bailout Still appears that chances are very small that Edison and Davis will succeed in getting the Legislature to vote for an Edison bailout when it returns for another "special" session next Tuesday.  If you have any questions, just let us know.  Best, Jeff 
 That's great.  More the merrier.  I assume you heard about what happened at the PUC today.  I think it classfies as amazing.  The planets may be favorably re-aligning just a little bit (one hopes).  Best, Jeff 
 Dan:  Could you send along the ARM/WPTF filing?  Thanks.  Sorry you didn't get a copy Evie.  Best, Jeff 
 We're engaged... 
 If only Carl could morph into another Loretta... 
 there's a movie that Grisman's daughter did about Grisman and Jerry and bluegrass that opens at the embarcadero on wednesday.  might be worth checking out. 
 In another surprise move, the PUC approved an Edison bailout today on a 5-0 vote.  This item was not on the Commission's agenda other than as a placeholder regarding "litigation."  We do not have copies of the agreement but we just talked to Edison's SVP of Regulatory Affairs and here's a summary:  The Commission will keep current rates in place through 2003 Any "overcollection" resulting from keeping current rates in place will go to paying off $3.3 B in Edison's past due accounts (the so-called "undercollection") If Edison collects the $3.3B prior to 2003, then rates can change If Edison has not collected the $3.3 B by the end of 2003, the PUC will create a dedicated rate component on all bills to collect the remainder.  Half the remainder will be collected in 2004 and the other half in 2005. Any refunds received from litigation against suppliers will go to reducing the $3.3 B undercollection. Edison can keep 10% of any refunds received after the $3.3B is paid off. Edison cannot pay any dividends during the time that it is using rates to pay off the $3.3B. Edison can apply to the PUC for approval to hedge gas price risk. Edison will be protected from any increases in DWR contract costs (i.e., if DWR's costs go up, the PUC will raise rates rather than take it out of Edison's rates) The PUC will not fine Edison during this period if Edison's capital structure varies from the PUC-approved capital structure Edison must drop its lawsuits against the PUC regarding 1) the "filed rate doctrine" and 2) the so-called "TURN" accounting method, which effectively kept the rate freeze in place. Edison agrees to "cooperate" with the Attorney General and the PUC in all litigation against suppliers. The PUC decision could likely nullify the need for the "special" session that the Governor recently announced  We will report back with additional details as soon as we get them.  Best, Jeff 
  PUC and Edison Settle Federal litigation to maintain utility service without raising rates The California Public Utilities Commission (PUC) and Southern California Edison (Edison) today reached a settlement in the Filed Rate Doctrine lawsuit Edison filed in federal court against the PUC.  The settlement is intended to restore Edison to creditworthiness so that it is able to resume procuring the electricity needed by its customers; limit ratepayers' costs of paying off the debt; and maintain the state's role in regulating the investor owned utility by enabling Edison to pay down its back debts over a reasonable, certain period of time.  The terms of the Settlement Agreement include: ?	Edison will apply cash on hand, plus all of its revenue over recoverable costs, to paying off its back debt.  The PUC and Edison have agreed that the amount of the back debt to be recovered from ratepayers is the amount of certain outstanding debt Edison had at August 31, 2001, less the cash on hand on that date, less an additional $300 million adjustment.  The amount that will be paid down pursuant to the settlement agreement is estimated to be $3 billion as of the end of this month.  The parties believe that the amount to be paid by ratepayers will be much less than the cap. ?	Edison will not pay any dividends on its common stock through 2003, or on the full payment of its debt, if sooner.  If Edison has not fully paid its back debt by the end of 2003, the Commission retains the discretion to determine whether Edison will pay a dividend in 2004.  Edison is free to resume paying dividends in 2005. Since Edison's annual dividend has typically been about $400 million, Edison's shareholders will have forgone at least $1.2 billion in dividends and possibly more, in addition to the $300 million adjustment. ?	Edison will apply 100% of any recovery it obtains from refund proceedings at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission or litigation against sellers to pay down the back debt.  Edison commits through court order to work with the PUC and the Attorney General in pursuing litigation against the energy sellers. ?	The PUC can direct Edison to use $150 million each year for other utility purposes, including the provision of additional energy efficiency monies, which would otherwise be used to pay down the Edison debt. ?	The PUC agrees not to lower Edison's retail rates below their current level through the end of 2003 unless the back debts are recovered.  However, rates may be reduced as a result of a securitization of the debt or reduced DWR revenue needs. ?	The PUC agrees to set rates not higher than the current rate, to enable Edison to recover the remaining amount of the back debt over 2004 and 2005 if Edison's back debt has not been recovered by the end of 2003. ?	There are no concessions of PUC or State regulations or regulatory authority over Edison, nor is there any deregulation of valuable transmission and generation facilities. ?	Edison may make up to $900 million in capital expenditures annually. "This settlement embodies a fair and judicious way for Edison to become solvent and get back in the business of buying power, while meeting the needs of ratepayers and the state of California," said Loretta Lynch, President of the PUC.  "The settlement also ensures that all of the benefits of any refunds arising through litigation against power generators and marketers that profited from unjust and unreasonable energy prices will benefit ratepayers." This agreement settles a November 2000 federal court lawsuit filed by Edison against the PUC, in which Edison claimed that the Commission's actions in not providing sufficient retail rates, violated federal law and was an unconstitutional taking of its property.  Under this agreement, Edison will release the PUC from all claims in its lawsuit and will also withdraw any challenges to the Commission's decisions implementing AB 1X, AB 6X, and the TURN accounting proposal. 
 Assume for now at least that the currently allocation stands pat.  Pretty crazy, huh?  Gotta hand it to Loretta Lynch.  Best, Jeff 
 See email.  PUC bailed out Edison today.  No kidding.  Jeff 
 I have a copy of the settlement between the PUC and Edison if you want me to fax it to you. 
 FYI. 
 are you guys losing it about the edison settlement?  seems better than 500KW and above, non? 
 cool. thanks. 
 got message.  call when u can.  415.782.7822.  jeff 
 would you like me to participate? 
 Just give me a call.  you want to shoot for 10:30 my time? 
 FYI.  Please keep to yourself at this point.  You hear anything from Norm about the PUC machinations? 
 i'll be here.  just give a call. 
 have him call sue mara at 415.782.7802. 
 Much happened yesterday--wow!--and at least for now, it appears that Loretta has let the Legislature off the hook--appears that the PUC is still a fairly potent institution. But it also appears that what had been (a foreseeable and avoidable) energy crisis, is now by and large a pretty messy state fiscal and political crisis for our good friends in Sacramento, so I don't think that legislators, irrespective of their wishes, can avoid staying involved. Add 18XX to the mix and the signing/veto process generally, and, well, Sacramento still seems pretty darned relevant. As such, we will have our regularly scheduled call tomorrow at 11:30.  Best, Jeff 
 No rush.  Whenever it's convenient for you.  Just let me know, and let me when you need the check  and for how much.  Kisses, Jeff  Go Giants!  Go Barry!  PS  Just wait'll next year! 
 Got your message. Call when can.  You at the Supremes now?  jeff 
 If you want to go to the game,you should definitely go, since I'l likely be doing homework sunday night anyway.  You should go.  Should be a lot of fun.  xoxoxoxo 
 Prentice is working at google and i'm not sure that she gets email.  try calling her on her cell phone. I bet she'd likely like to go to the 49ers game (though who knows, she's a BIG raiders fan now that jerry's there). 
 Thanks.  Interesting. 
 Thanks.  I have to clear with Calger first.  Also left a message with Kean re: same.  May be that we give the idea to the large customers and they run with it so no fingerprints on our part.  I'm going to sketch out a proposal and pass it around for people to swipe at.  I'm for severing IF Riordan loses (you think he can win?).  You going to the Astros/Giants game tonite.  Hopefully they'll actually throw a strike to Bonds tonite.  Best, Jeff 
 Am I reading this right?  The gas contracts are $5B out of the money (from CA's perspective)?  Are they straight gas deals? 
 The writer fails of course to mention that Clinton (with bi-partisan support) bombed the shit out of bin laden after the embassy attacks.  Frankly, I find any partisan activity at this juncture to be petty and deplorable.  There's a heckuvalot of people that just watched a couple of jumbo jets fly into the WTC, and a whole bunch of people without families anymore.  There's no room for politics in my view, period.  And I think the families of the victims 
 Edison To Repay Creditors 'Immediately,' But No Date Yet LOS ANGELES -(Dow Jones)- Embattled utility Southern California Edison expects to pay all creditors "immediately," but the Edison International (EIX) unit does not have a specific date of when its debt payments will begin, said John Bryson, chairman and chief executive of Edison International. "We intend to pay all of our creditors," Bryson said Wednesday in a call with reporters. "But we do not have a specific date." Southern California Edison and the California Public Utilities Commission struck a deal Tuesday that will allow the utility to pay off $3.3 billion of its $3.9 billion debt through existing retail electricity rates. Both parties settled a year-old lawsuit Southern California Edison filed against the PUC--otherwise known as a filed rate doctrine--that could have ended a retail rate freeze and allowed the utility to recover more than $5 billion in wholesale power costs from ratepayers. The settlement must still be approved by a federal court judge. A ruling is expected by Thursday. Bryson indicated that the utility may try to negotiate with some large generators, owed nearly $1 billion, to accept less than 100 cents on the dollar for money the companies are owed. "There is no deal between us and the generators at this point," Bryson said. "We will engage promptly" in settlement discussions. "We are eager to work it out in a tough minded and fair way." Ted Craver, Edison's chief financial officer, said the utility has between $2.4 and $2.5 billion cash-on-hand and about $3.9 billion in debt. Bryson said the utility does not expect its credit ratings to be restored to investment grade "immediately." "We've had some discussions with the credit rating agencies," Bryson said. "But no one expects it to be restored immediately. It's going to take some time." Bryson added that the utility will seek new lending opportunites, but he did not elaborate.  Stephen Frank, president of Southern California Edison, said the utility would sit down with all of its creditors and work out a payment plan. Bryson said the utility believes that all of its debt can be paid off by the end of 2003. He did not say how much money from retail rates would be carved out for paying off Southern California Edison's debt. The utility's debt rose to $6.35 billion, according to a recent Securities and Exchange filing. "In the month of October we generated about $300 million" from retail rates. But Bryson said he could not estimate how much of that will be set aside to pay creditors. The utility and the PUC both said rates will not have to increase beyond the record rate hikes state regulators ordered earlier this year. Bryson said the utility has no intention of taking over the state's long-term power supply contracts as a result of the deal with the PUC.  Fearing the state legislature wouldn't support a bill to rescue Southern Califoria Edison after six months of wrangling, advisers to Gov. Gray Davis and Edison executives began negotiating with the state's Public Utilities Commission on a settlement of a year-old lawsuit the utility filed to force the commission to raise rates enough to cover its power costs. The negotiations with the PUC were kept secret from state lawmakers in case a settlement couldn't be reached, Davis aides and Edison executives said. The end result, Edison and the commission said, is a deal that will allow the utility to work out a plan to pay off its creditors and keep Southern California Edison from following PG&E Corp. (PCG) unit Pacific Gas & Electric into bankruptcy. 
 Thank you Robert for pointing that out.  I think there is/will be an opportunity--if we can ever get paid, and if we can ever comfortable from a credit standpoint--and my apologies for not having flagged that sooner.  Too many balls.........in the air.  Best, Jeff 
 Don't hate me for sending a note.  What do you think? "California made two big mistakes:  First, they never made a market.  They didn't deregulate.  They just re-regulated the failed monopoly structure they'd been living with for decades.  Second, when the first mistake led to an energy crisis, California's leaders didn't stop, learn from their mistakes, and get deregulation right.  Instead, they blamed everyone but themselves, including Enron.  Those mistakes led to the nightmare California's been living for over a year now, and they still California still has woken up." "Enron's the model of the virtual organization.  Whether the problem's in California, or India or Sweden, Enron creates the virtual organization needed to solve the problem.  That's what we did in California.  Houston is definitely the brain, but you need all the other limbs and organs to function well.  What makes the "virtual" part of it work is a committed management team, great technology and an incredible team of talented, flexible folks from across the company.  That allowed us to coordinate extremely well under challenging conditions. It's been a great experience." 
 Attached is a draft agenda for tomorrow's meeting.  If there's anything we've missed, we can amend the agenda prior to starting tomorrow.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks a millino for your help. 
 I can make it. 
 Sue's will be in Houston for this, but will there be a call-in number to tap into for some of the discussion?  Thanks a lot.  Best, Jeff 
 that would be great. 
 The writer fails of course to mention that Clinton (with bi-partisan support) bombed the shit out of bin laden after the embassy attacks.  Frankly, I find any partisan activity at this juncture to be petty and deplorable.  There's a heckuvalot of people that just watched a couple of jumbo jets fly into the WTC, and a whole bunch of people without families anymore.  There's no room for politics in my view, period.  And I think partisan politics is about the very last thing that  the families of the victims are thinking about at this time.  Best, Jeff  We'll see you tonite for the bluegrass filming? 
 Golf, please.  Though the horses sounds very inviting!  Thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 If you haven't heard, SoCal's announced their abandoning windows for OFOs.  They're holding "workshops" on how it will all work soon.  I'll get you the announcement.  Best, Jeff 
 Listening to the Edison call w/investors Edison says they will pay everyone at the same time ("big bang" approach) sometime in Q1'02. My concern is that between now and then Dunn, the AG have the time and resources to make a heckuvalot of mischief, which could be detrimental to generators/marketers' claims. Investors are asking what Edison intends for QFs and generators--asking about haircuts in particular--and Edison is side-stepping the questions. 
 Great.  Figured they'd contacted them, but wanted to make sure.  You know when the meeting with schedulers will be?  I apologize, I'm on the road and haven't heard when that will be.  I'm thinking that I may want to attend.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 We should resurrect Mike Smith's note and get him on the call in the attempt to avoid recreating the wheel on this one.  I can dig it up if you'd like. 
 Sounds good. 
 Battle lines drawn over long-term power deals SD Union Tribune, 10.07.01 In a perverse sign that normalcy is returning, the state's power crisis roared back to life last week with the California Public Utilities Commission as the focus. This time the state utilities commission pulled off a feat few could have anticipated, even from a long-running crisis that has caused blackouts and soaring electricity costs. In a span of three hours last week, the five-member panel went from being applauded by consumer groups and blasted by industry interests to being vilified by consumer advocates and applauded by business. Consumer advocates celebrated when the PUC refused to rubber stamp state-negotiated long-term power contracts, a move the governor said stalled the $12.5 billion bond offering needed to cover past power purchases. But business leaders and the governor cheered the PUC for approving a $3.3 billion rescue of Southern California Edison, which consumer advocates criticized as an unauthorized bailout. As massive as the Edison deal is, it may be less likely to affect customers of SDG&E than the second reality that emerged last week: Despite the PUC action on the contracts, Californians still face the burden of paying more than $40 billion over the next two decades for overpriced and possibly unneeded electricity. Or maybe not. While electricity providers continue to defend the long-term power contracts as fair and key to resolving the state's electricity crisis, consumer groups and others have launched a major offensive to get the contracts revised, renegotiated or canceled. Critics argue that the deals were negotiated while the state's economy was reeling, blackouts were striking and federal regulators were insisting that the state had to tie up the bulk of its electricity needs through long-term deals. Duress alleged Consumer advocates say the long-term contracts bind California to power purchases at more than double current market prices and force the state to buy power it does not need. "We should not be stuck with these agreements because conditions have changed so dramatically," said Bill Ahern, a senior analyst with Consumers Union, the publisher of Consumer Reports magazine. "We did these agreements under duress, and it is better for the generators and us to negotiate what all believe is a good deal." Ahern also said an investigation of possible conflicts of interest for at least one member of the state team that negotiated the contracts could lead to their invalidation. Michael Shames, executive director of the Utility Consumers' Action Network in San Diego, notes that much of the power to be delivered under the agreements will come from new plants yet to be built in California. "The state has the ability through the siting process to modify those contracts," Shames said. The motivation to do so could grow soon, he added. "Especially in an election year, the question will be whether elected officials and the public will tolerate the (cost) of these contracts," Shames said. Shames noted that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission pressed California to lock up much of its power under long-term contracts, because it argued that excessive reliance on short-term purchases was a major contributor to the power crisis. Now it appears the cost of that solution could exceed the cost of the short-term crisis, Shames said. Beyond the growing political pressure, San Diego attorney Michael Aguirre is arguing in appellate court that Gov. Gray Davis overstepped his legal authority by declaring an emergency and signing the long-term agreements in the first place. He says California's electricity deals violate state law regarding purchasing practices. "To circumvent that law by calling it an emergency does not pass legal muster," said Aguirre, who is suing electricity providers for overcharging. "There were other means to manage the emergency." The PUC also says the state locked itself into too much power for too long a period. "First and foremost, we should try to renegotiate, try to get shorter terms," said Gary Cohen, general counsel for the PUC. Willingness to deal At least two major suppliers have indicated a willingness to discuss the matter, Cohen said. The PUC also will continue to press for changes to the agreements with FERC. The federal commission regulates wholesale power markets and is legally mandated to ensure prices are "just and reasonable." FERC is considering refunds for prices paid by California in spot power markets during the crisis. Cohen argues that if spot prices are subject to refunds, long-term contracts should be subject to similar relief. The PUC has made several filings pressing this point, but has received no response from FERC. For his part, the governor declines to call for renegotiation of the contracts. "In order to renegotiate we would have to have the generator come to us, and they have not done so," said Steve Maviglio, the governor's spokesman. "We would be pleased to sit down and renegotiate. But we have not been approached by anyone." Some experts believe Davis wants to break the contracts more than he is willing to say, but he must maintain credibility with the providers with whom he signed agreements. The same people speculate that the governor, who blasted the PUC last week for failing to help implement the agreements, may have privately welcomed the commission's action as a step toward revising the agreements. Power providers, meanwhile, continue to support the agreements. "The contracts are good for the state and helped stabilize the market," said William Highlander, director of public relations for Calpine Corp. The San Jose company is the largest provider under the controversial agreements, with some $13 billion in contracts. Calpine hopes to provide much of that power from new plants it is building within California. Sempra says contract fair The company has not been approached by the state to revise its agreements, said Highlander, and he declined to say how Calpine would respond to such an overture. San Diego-based Sempra Energy, another major provider under the agreements, also insists its contracts provide power at fair rates to the state. Michael Niggli, president of Sempra Energy Resources, said his company will provide power for about 4 to 5 cents per kilowatt hour, based upon current natural gas prices. "It's pretty tough to say, 'Let's renegotiate the lowest price contract,' " Niggli said. But V. John White, director of the Center for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Technologies, said Sempra's contract and others lock the state into power that consumers are unlikely to need, and too much of the electricity comes from non-renewable sources. White says state consumers are being held hostage by some unnecessary posturing. "There are indications from several generators that a call to renegotiate would be responded to," White said. "The generators say nobody asked us. The governor says nobody has volunteered. "But the opportunity is there at this moment to renegotiate. Why don't we ask?" ***************************************************************** State authority buying more power for 2002 Critics say it's too costly, perhaps unnecessary and may be sold off later at a loss OC Register, 10.07.01 SACRAMENTO -- California's new power agency is rushing to buy more electricity for next summer, even as the state has come under fire for buying too much costly power and then having to sell it at bargain prices. Moreover, another state agency says the state will have enough power - because of existing contracts and conservation - to get through the hottest of summers next year. The new power purchases, which are being negotiated by the California Public Power and Financing Authority, could add as much as 3,000 megawatts of power to California - enough for about 2.3 million homes - by June. That would be in addition to the existing $43 billion in long-term agreements the state has already inked with power generators. Many observers - even those supportive of the power authority's goal to increase cleaner, alternative energy sources in the state - are balking at the agency's rapid pace, saying consumers will end up paying more in the long run. "We're dumping power and (authority Chairman) David Freeman is buying more power. What's up with that? It's absolutely ludicrous,'' said Harry Snyder, executive director of Consumers' Union, which publishes Consumer Reports. A draft report by the California Energy Commission shows the state already has plenty of power for next year. Without the extra power being negotiated by the power authority, even in a very hot summer, the state would have about 6,000 extra megawatts during peak periods, when it needs 63,800 megawatts, about a 9 percent cushion. That is if all power plants came online as expected and residents continued to conserve as they are. In a normal summer, such as this year's, the state would have 10,000 extra megawatts above the average 59,000 megawatts it needs, roughly a 17 percent surplus. Power authority officials counter that those surplus figures are estimates that depend on people conserving at the rate they did this summer. "The more we own of our own supply, the more we can control the market,'' said state Treasurer Phil Angelides, an authority board member. Said Freeman: "We are thinking our way through what we should do for next summer. That why we get paid the big bucks." New contracts would increase 'green' power In addition, at least one-third of the new energy the power authority is trying to buy - 1,000 megawatts - would come from solar, wind and other renewable energy providers, officials said. Such generators were left out when the state signed its initial round of contracts. Bringing on 1,000 more megawatts would increase the portion of the state's energy derived from renewable resources to 13 percent. The long-term goal is 17 percent. The remaining power purchased under the new contracts, perhaps 2,000 megawatts, would be from so-called "peaker'' plants - less efficient jet-engine-like generators that are turned on only during emergency shortages. The emphasis on these natural gas plants irks many environmentalists, but proponents of them say these would be a new generation of gas peakers. While not preferable to conventional generating plants, they would pollute less than the peakers currently being pressed into service. If California can build new, more efficient ones, it can retire the old polluting ones, the argument goes. Nonetheless, critics fear the state, rushing into new negotiations, will leave ratepayers with more expensive power contracts. They note that the authority hasn't completed an assessment on exactly how much power it really needs and what it wants for the state's power portfolio. That assessment won't be done until February. "I hope they have a basis on which they've determined they need those (3,000) megawatts of contracts,'' said Lenny Goldberg, a lobbyist for The Utility Reform Network, a consumer watchdog group. Businesses worry new pacts will hurt them Even the state's businesses are critical. They believe that the more expensive long-term power there is under state contract, the less likely lawmakers are to businesses go into the open market to buy the cheaper electricity they think they can get there. Lawmakers, they believe, will want to force businesses to continue to buy power under the contracts they've negotiated because if the businesses were allowed to pull out, residential customers alone would be left paying the higher prices that those contracts dictate. Lawmakers are reluctant to put any more burdens on the average consumer, who they feel are the unintended victims of a severely flawed deregulation system. "I would just as soon not see them negotiate any more contracts,'' said Jack Stewart, president of the California Manufacturers and Technology Association. The state power authority was signed into law in May to build its own plants, help others finance them and compete with the private power companies. Leading the $5 million-a-year agency is Freeman, the former head of the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power and one of Davis' closest advisers during the energy crisis. The Legislature's auditors are casting a critical eye at the power authority and will hold hearings next month. "It's not an investigation,'' said Assemblyman Fred Keeley, D-Felton, chairman of the Joint Legislative Audit Committee. But "it's appropriate early and often to review their work in a public venue and have them held accountable for compliance of the law.'' Keeley's committee is looking into the planned purchases and he said he could not yet conclude whether the power authority's actions could help or hurt the state. Freeman said onlookers have been too quick to criticize the state's work. "The plain truth is we had blackouts last winter. We did what we could. We kept the rates stable and lights on,'' Freeman said. "Criticism is real easy with the benefit of 20/20 hindsight.'' 
 FYI.  Appears that the two sides may be crawling toward renegotiation.  Best, Jeff  Battle lines drawn over long-term power deals SD Union Tribune, 10.07.01 In a perverse sign that normalcy is returning, the state's power crisis roared back to life last week with the California Public Utilities Commission as the focus. This time the state utilities commission pulled off a feat few could have anticipated, even from a long-running crisis that has caused blackouts and soaring electricity costs. In a span of three hours last week, the five-member panel went from being applauded by consumer groups and blasted by industry interests to being vilified by consumer advocates and applauded by business. Consumer advocates celebrated when the PUC refused to rubber stamp state-negotiated long-term power contracts, a move the governor said stalled the $12.5 billion bond offering needed to cover past power purchases. But business leaders and the governor cheered the PUC for approving a $3.3 billion rescue of Southern California Edison, which consumer advocates criticized as an unauthorized bailout. As massive as the Edison deal is, it may be less likely to affect customers of SDG&E than the second reality that emerged last week: Despite the PUC action on the contracts, Californians still face the burden of paying more than $40 billion over the next two decades for overpriced and possibly unneeded electricity. Or maybe not. While electricity providers continue to defend the long-term power contracts as fair and key to resolving the state's electricity crisis, consumer groups and others have launched a major offensive to get the contracts revised, renegotiated or canceled. Critics argue that the deals were negotiated while the state's economy was reeling, blackouts were striking and federal regulators were insisting that the state had to tie up the bulk of its electricity needs through long-term deals. Duress alleged Consumer advocates say the long-term contracts bind California to power purchases at more than double current market prices and force the state to buy power it does not need. "We should not be stuck with these agreements because conditions have changed so dramatically," said Bill Ahern, a senior analyst with Consumers Union, the publisher of Consumer Reports magazine. "We did these agreements under duress, and it is better for the generators and us to negotiate what all believe is a good deal." Ahern also said an investigation of possible conflicts of interest for at least one member of the state team that negotiated the contracts could lead to their invalidation. Michael Shames, executive director of the Utility Consumers' Action Network in San Diego, notes that much of the power to be delivered under the agreements will come from new plants yet to be built in California. "The state has the ability through the siting process to modify those contracts," Shames said. The motivation to do so could grow soon, he added. "Especially in an election year, the question will be whether elected officials and the public will tolerate the (cost) of these contracts," Shames said. Shames noted that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission pressed California to lock up much of its power under long-term contracts, because it argued that excessive reliance on short-term purchases was a major contributor to the power crisis. Now it appears the cost of that solution could exceed the cost of the short-term crisis, Shames said. Beyond the growing political pressure, San Diego attorney Michael Aguirre is arguing in appellate court that Gov. Gray Davis overstepped his legal authority by declaring an emergency and signing the long-term agreements in the first place. He says California's electricity deals violate state law regarding purchasing practices. "To circumvent that law by calling it an emergency does not pass legal muster," said Aguirre, who is suing electricity providers for overcharging. "There were other means to manage the emergency." The PUC also says the state locked itself into too much power for too long a period. "First and foremost, we should try to renegotiate, try to get shorter terms," said Gary Cohen, general counsel for the PUC. Willingness to deal At least two major suppliers have indicated a willingness to discuss the matter, Cohen said. The PUC also will continue to press for changes to the agreements with FERC. The federal commission regulates wholesale power markets and is legally mandated to ensure prices are "just and reasonable." FERC is considering refunds for prices paid by California in spot power markets during the crisis. Cohen argues that if spot prices are subject to refunds, long-term contracts should be subject to similar relief. The PUC has made several filings pressing this point, but has received no response from FERC. For his part, the governor declines to call for renegotiation of the contracts. "In order to renegotiate we would have to have the generator come to us, and they have not done so," said Steve Maviglio, the governor's spokesman. "We would be pleased to sit down and renegotiate. But we have not been approached by anyone." Some experts believe Davis wants to break the contracts more than he is willing to say, but he must maintain credibility with the providers with whom he signed agreements. The same people speculate that the governor, who blasted the PUC last week for failing to help implement the agreements, may have privately welcomed the commission's action as a step toward revising the agreements. Power providers, meanwhile, continue to support the agreements. "The contracts are good for the state and helped stabilize the market," said William Highlander, director of public relations for Calpine Corp. The San Jose company is the largest provider under the controversial agreements, with some $13 billion in contracts. Calpine hopes to provide much of that power from new plants it is building within California. Sempra says contract fair The company has not been approached by the state to revise its agreements, said Highlander, and he declined to say how Calpine would respond to such an overture. San Diego-based Sempra Energy, another major provider under the agreements, also insists its contracts provide power at fair rates to the state. Michael Niggli, president of Sempra Energy Resources, said his company will provide power for about 4 to 5 cents per kilowatt hour, based upon current natural gas prices. "It's pretty tough to say, 'Let's renegotiate the lowest price contract,' " Niggli said. But V. John White, director of the Center for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Technologies, said Sempra's contract and others lock the state into power that consumers are unlikely to need, and too much of the electricity comes from non-renewable sources. White says state consumers are being held hostage by some unnecessary posturing. "There are indications from several generators that a call to renegotiate would be responded to," White said. "The generators say nobody asked us. The governor says nobody has volunteered. "But the opportunity is there at this moment to renegotiate. Why don't we ask?" ***************************************************************** State authority buying more power for 2002 Critics say it's too costly, perhaps unnecessary and may be sold off later at a loss OC Register, 10.07.01 SACRAMENTO -- California's new power agency is rushing to buy more electricity for next summer, even as the state has come under fire for buying too much costly power and then having to sell it at bargain prices. Moreover, another state agency says the state will have enough power - because of existing contracts and conservation - to get through the hottest of summers next year. The new power purchases, which are being negotiated by the California Public Power and Financing Authority, could add as much as 3,000 megawatts of power to California - enough for about 2.3 million homes - by June. That would be in addition to the existing $43 billion in long-term agreements the state has already inked with power generators. Many observers - even those supportive of the power authority's goal to increase cleaner, alternative energy sources in the state - are balking at the agency's rapid pace, saying consumers will end up paying more in the long run. "We're dumping power and (authority Chairman) David Freeman is buying more power. What's up with that? It's absolutely ludicrous,'' said Harry Snyder, executive director of Consumers' Union, which publishes Consumer Reports. A draft report by the California Energy Commission shows the state already has plenty of power for next year. Without the extra power being negotiated by the power authority, even in a very hot summer, the state would have about 6,000 extra megawatts during peak periods, when it needs 63,800 megawatts, about a 9 percent cushion. That is if all power plants came online as expected and residents continued to conserve as they are. In a normal summer, such as this year's, the state would have 10,000 extra megawatts above the average 59,000 megawatts it needs, roughly a 17 percent surplus. Power authority officials counter that those surplus figures are estimates that depend on people conserving at the rate they did this summer. "The more we own of our own supply, the more we can control the market,'' said state Treasurer Phil Angelides, an authority board member. Said Freeman: "We are thinking our way through what we should do for next summer. That why we get paid the big bucks." New contracts would increase 'green' power In addition, at least one-third of the new energy the power authority is trying to buy - 1,000 megawatts - would come from solar, wind and other renewable energy providers, officials said. Such generators were left out when the state signed its initial round of contracts. Bringing on 1,000 more megawatts would increase the portion of the state's energy derived from renewable resources to 13 percent. The long-term goal is 17 percent. The remaining power purchased under the new contracts, perhaps 2,000 megawatts, would be from so-called "peaker'' plants - less efficient jet-engine-like generators that are turned on only during emergency shortages. The emphasis on these natural gas plants irks many environmentalists, but proponents of them say these would be a new generation of gas peakers. While not preferable to conventional generating plants, they would pollute less than the peakers currently being pressed into service. If California can build new, more efficient ones, it can retire the old polluting ones, the argument goes. Nonetheless, critics fear the state, rushing into new negotiations, will leave ratepayers with more expensive power contracts. They note that the authority hasn't completed an assessment on exactly how much power it really needs and what it wants for the state's power portfolio. That assessment won't be done until February. "I hope they have a basis on which they've determined they need those (3,000) megawatts of contracts,'' said Lenny Goldberg, a lobbyist for The Utility Reform Network, a consumer watchdog group. Businesses worry new pacts will hurt them Even the state's businesses are critical. They believe that the more expensive long-term power there is under state contract, the less likely lawmakers are to businesses go into the open market to buy the cheaper electricity they think they can get there. Lawmakers, they believe, will want to force businesses to continue to buy power under the contracts they've negotiated because if the businesses were allowed to pull out, residential customers alone would be left paying the higher prices that those contracts dictate. Lawmakers are reluctant to put any more burdens on the average consumer, who they feel are the unintended victims of a severely flawed deregulation system. "I would just as soon not see them negotiate any more contracts,'' said Jack Stewart, president of the California Manufacturers and Technology Association. The state power authority was signed into law in May to build its own plants, help others finance them and compete with the private power companies. Leading the $5 million-a-year agency is Freeman, the former head of the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power and one of Davis' closest advisers during the energy crisis. The Legislature's auditors are casting a critical eye at the power authority and will hold hearings next month. "It's not an investigation,'' said Assemblyman Fred Keeley, D-Felton, chairman of the Joint Legislative Audit Committee. But "it's appropriate early and often to review their work in a public venue and have them held accountable for compliance of the law.'' Keeley's committee is looking into the planned purchases and he said he could not yet conclude whether the power authority's actions could help or hurt the state. Freeman said onlookers have been too quick to criticize the state's work. "The plain truth is we had blackouts last winter. We did what we could. We kept the rates stable and lights on,'' Freeman said. "Criticism is real easy with the benefit of 20/20 hindsight.'' 
 FYI. Looks like Brown might not be getting the presidency right away....  Best, Jeff  **************************************************** PUC Chief's Iron Resolve Evident in Edison Deal Politics: Insisting on her agency's independence, Loretta Lynch repeatedly stood up to the governor who appointed her. SACRAMENTO -- Once again last week, California Public Utilities Commission President Loretta Lynch gave Gov. Gray Davis help that he badly needed--but left him upstaged.  With the governor unable to broker a deal to save Southern California Edison from bankruptcy, Lynch and commission lawyers secretly negotiated a $3.3-billion settlement that was ratified by a federal judge in Los Angeles on Friday.  Although Davis appointed Lynch as PUC president, she and administration officials say she informed the administration of the talks only after they were well underway. "I will take responsibility," Lynch said.  Even as she took the lead in forging an Edison deal, Lynch defied the governor Tuesday. She led the PUC in rejecting a measure that Davis and Treasurer Phil Angelides deem necessary for repaying the state for billions of dollars in power purchases this year. Davis condemned the vote as "an irresponsible act."  Davis repeatedly has said he wants people he appoints to think and act as he would act. Lynch, however, is not easily controlled. She has moved ahead without the governor's approval several times. Most notably, last spring, she pushed the largest electricity rate increase in state history through the PUC while Davis was publicly opposed to a rate hike.  Such actions have made her perhaps Davis' least favorite appointee.  And yet, Lynch holds the key to resolving what now is Davis' single most pressing issue: how to reimburse the state for the billions spent on electricity since January.  For months, those power purchases have been eating a huge hole in the state treasury. Unless a way is found to close it, Davis may have to make deep cuts in public services next year just as he prepares to run for reelection. He has proposed reimbursing the treasury with a $12.5-billion bond issue that would be paid off by electricity consumers.  Davis would not discuss Lynch for this article. But his aides say there is so much tension between the two that the governor and Lynch talk only through intermediaries. A top aide, speaking on the condition of anonymity, described the governor's relationship with Lynch, who once served on Davis' staff, as "nonexistent."  But floating the bond deal requires action by the PUC, and Davis aides admit that figuring out a way to do that means dealing with Lynch, whose term does not expire until 2005 and whose influence is now stronger than ever, according to fellow commissioners and others familiar with the agency.  Davis could demote Lynch from PUC president to just commissioner, but "he can't remove commissioners," said the Davis aide who described the tension between the two. "We are in a position where we're going to have to negotiate."  A Yale-educated attorney who practiced in San Francisco before joining the administration, Lynch worked on Davis' 1998 campaign, helping him raise money. He rewarded her loyalty by making her head of the Office of Research and Planning, then placing her on the PUC in late 1999.  Lynch has taken seriously the idea, enshrined in the early 20th century laws that created the PUC, that the commission is supposed to be independent.  She recalls spending Christmas 1999 reading the Public Utilities Code, written 90 years ago, and concluding that Progressive Gov. Hiram Johnson envisioned "an independent agency, independent from the Legislature as well as from the governor, [that] would allow regulators in a highly technical field to do essentially the right thing."  "Before, I was on [Davis'] staff, and as staff, you are supposed to follow the lead absolutely of your boss," Lynch said. "Now, I was appointed to an independent constitutional body. While I feel I've built bridges to the governor and the Legislature, I take very seriously the PUC's constitutional independence."  Critics, including many in the Davis administration and some in the Legislature, call Lynch unbending. She is particularly adamant on the commission's independence.  Insisting on Independence  Accounts of how the Edison deal was reached underline Lynch's insistence on preserving the PUC's independent authority. The events also show how strong a position she holds as the PUC and the administration negotiate over the bond deal.  Starting in April, when he unveiled his proposed rescue of Edison, Davis and his aides lobbied hard to win support in the Legislature. Davis had no Republican support, and faced skepticism from fellow Democrats.  Lynch was another skeptic; Davis' proposal would have weakened the PUC's authority to regulate Edison. Her criticism of the proposal strengthened the hand of Senate Leader John Burton (D-San Francisco), an ally of Lynch's and the most influential critic of the governor's proposal.  Davis did win approval of a modified version of his plan in the Assembly. But late on Sept. 14, the Senate adjourned for the year without agreeing to any Edison bill.  The governor said he would order lawmakers to return to Sacramento in early October for a special session to consider it again.  Lynch seized an opportunity. She wanted to escape a $5.5-billion federal lawsuit that Edison had filed against the PUC. She also figured there might be a way to restructure Edison's debt without the bells and whistles proposed by Davis and other lawmakers.  It was a good time to talk. Wholesale electricity prices were down significantly, interest rates were falling, and the rate increase she had pushed through earlier in the year had made more money available to the utility.  "When we looked at the numbers fresh, we realized that the numbers had changed," enough that Edison might avoid bankruptcy without a complex legislative bailout, Lynch said.  At her direction, PUC General Counsel Gary Cohen made the initial call to Edison.  Edison, PUC Started Secret Talks  Edison executives had their doubts that the PUC could resolve the utility's problems. In their view, past inaction by the commission had helped bring the firm to the brink of bankruptcy.  But with prospects uncertain in the Legislature, both sides met Sept. 19 in the San Francisco offices of the utility's private counsel, Munger, Tolles & Olson. Talks went on for 12 days.  The PUC had three conditions. "One, we would try to see if we could assure them enough in rates to pay back down their debt over a certain period," Cohen said. "Second, there would have to be a sharing of pain by shareholders. And third, there could be no terms that would limit or restrict the commission's regulatory authority."  Lynch and the PUC staff kept negotiations secret. Word of the talks could stampede creditors into forcing the utility into bankruptcy, they feared. Another concern was that the talks could jeopardize a legislative solution to Edison's problem.  Lynch did notify her fellow commissioners, whose support she would need to pull off a settlement. PUC Commissioner Jeff Brown, one of three Davis appointees on the five-member board, said Lynch told him Sept. 21 "in the strictest confidence" about the negotiations with Edison.  "If it became public, it could blow up," Brown said. "There would be too much hullabaloo."  For several days, however, Lynch did not inform Davis. Meanwhile, the governor's aides continued to hold talks in hopes of putting together a legislative compromise.  On Sept. 25, some of Davis' top aides met with key legislative staffers in a daylong session. By the end of the meeting, both sides realized a major gulf remained.  That same day, Lynch called Sacramento to pass word to Davis that the talks were underway. A few lawmakers also were told. Two days later, the governor announced that he was postponing by a week his call for the Legislature to return for a special session. One reason for the delay was to see whether the PUC could seal a deal.  Over the next several days, the commission and utility lawyers hammered out the details of the $3.3-billion rescue plan, finalizing a deal about 11 p.m. Sept. 30.  "It would not have gotten over the finish line without her," said attorney Ron Olson, an Edison board member who helped represent the utility in the talks.  While those negotiations were going on, Davis was going to extraordinary lengths to persuade the PUC to approve the other major item on the commission's plate: his proposal for the bond deal.  The issue is complex. But at its root, Lynch said, the proposal pushed by Davis and Angelides to pay off the bonds would have the effect of locking in multiyear power contracts that the Davis administration struck with independent power producers.  Lynch and several lawmakers contend that the administration is committing the state to buy too much electricity at excessive prices and seeking to limit the PUC's authority.  The PUC under Lynch has challenged aspects of the administration's power contracts in proceedings before the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.  Knowing that Lynch opposed the proposal, the governor tried to create a majority that would bypass her. He did not call Lynch, but did call Republican commissioners Richard Bilas and Henry Duque.  The governor's lobbying changed no votes; his proposal lost 4 to 1 with only Brown siding with him.  But his efforts appear to have enhanced Lynch's standing among her fellow commissioners, including the two Republicans, who are appointees of former Gov. Pete Wilson.  Commissioners Praise Lynch  In Bilas' view, the call from the governor showed that Lynch had the mettle to vote against the administration proposal, even if it might cost her her job as PUC president.  "There are only two kinds of people who can serve: a yes man, or a person who believes that the commission was set up to be independent, and she is of the second type," Bilas said.  Brown, the only commissioner to vote for the administration's bond proposal, credits Lynch as well.  "She stood up for the authority of the PUC," Brown said. Brown--a cousin of Davis' onetime boss, former Gov. Jerry Brown--is a potential successor to Lynch as president if Davis decides to demote her. He has not been offered the post and does not want it, Brown said.  "I hope they don't remove her as president," Brown said. "She is a feisty, independent individual, but she is capable of enormous good work. If you appoint her, you have to take her on days you agree with her and days you disagree with her. She is not going to be a sycophant, and that is to her credit." 
 Please note name of venue. 
 Did you get everything you need for the update?  If not, don't hesitate to give me a call.  Best, Jeff 
 Battle lines drawn over long-term power deals In a perverse sign that normalcy is returning, the state's power crisis roared back to life last week with the California Public Utilities Commission as the focus. This time the state utilities commission pulled off a feat few could have anticipated, even from a long-running crisis that has caused blackouts and soaring electricity costs. In a span of three hours last week, the five-member panel went from being applauded by consumer groups and blasted by industry interests to being vilified by consumer advocates and applauded by business. Consumer advocates celebrated when the PUC refused to rubber stamp state-negotiated long-term power contracts, a move the governor said stalled the $12.5 billion bond offering needed to cover past power purchases. But business leaders and the governor cheered the PUC for approving a $3.3 billion rescue of Southern California Edison, which consumer advocates criticized as an unauthorized bailout. As massive as the Edison deal is, it may be less likely to affect customers of SDG&E than the second reality that emerged last week: Despite the PUC action on the contracts, Californians still face the burden of paying more than $40 billion over the next two decades for overpriced and possibly unneeded electricity. Or maybe not. While electricity providers continue to defend the long-term power contracts as fair and key to resolving the state's electricity crisis, consumer groups and others have launched a major offensive to get the contracts revised, renegotiated or canceled. Critics argue that the deals were negotiated while the state's economy was reeling, blackouts were striking and federal regulators were insisting that the state had to tie up the bulk of its electricity needs through long-term deals. Duress alleged Consumer advocates say the long-term contracts bind California to power purchases at more than double current market prices and force the state to buy power it does not need. "We should not be stuck with these agreements because conditions have changed so dramatically," said Bill Ahern, a senior analyst with Consumers Union, the publisher of Consumer Reports magazine. "We did these agreements under duress, and it is better for the generators and us to negotiate what all believe is a good deal." Ahern also said an investigation of possible conflicts of interest for at least one member of the state team that negotiated the contracts could lead to their invalidation. Michael Shames, executive director of the Utility Consumers' Action Network in San Diego, notes that much of the power to be delivered under the agreements will come from new plants yet to be built in California. "The state has the ability through the siting process to modify those contracts," Shames said. The motivation to do so could grow soon, he added. "Especially in an election year, the question will be whether elected officials and the public will tolerate the (cost) of these contracts," Shames said. Shames noted that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission pressed California to lock up much of its power under long-term contracts, because it argued that excessive reliance on short-term purchases was a major contributor to the power crisis. Now it appears the cost of that solution could exceed the cost of the short-term crisis, Shames said. Beyond the growing political pressure, San Diego attorney Michael Aguirre is arguing in appellate court that Gov. Gray Davis overstepped his legal authority by declaring an emergency and signing the long-term agreements in the first place. He says California's electricity deals violate state law regarding purchasing practices. "To circumvent that law by calling it an emergency does not pass legal muster," said Aguirre, who is suing electricity providers for overcharging. "There were other means to manage the emergency." The PUC also says the state locked itself into too much power for too long a period. "First and foremost, we should try to renegotiate, try to get shorter terms," said Gary Cohen, general counsel for the PUC. Willingness to deal At least two major suppliers have indicated a willingness to discuss the matter, Cohen said. The PUC also will continue to press for changes to the agreements with FERC. The federal commission regulates wholesale power markets and is legally mandated to ensure prices are "just and reasonable." FERC is considering refunds for prices paid by California in spot power markets during the crisis. Cohen argues that if spot prices are subject to refunds, long-term contracts should be subject to similar relief. The PUC has made several filings pressing this point, but has received no response from FERC. For his part, the governor declines to call for renegotiation of the contracts. "In order to renegotiate we would have to have the generator come to us, and they have not done so," said Steve Maviglio, the governor's spokesman. "We would be pleased to sit down and renegotiate. But we have not been approached by anyone." Some experts believe Davis wants to break the contracts more than he is willing to say, but he must maintain credibility with the providers with whom he signed agreements. The same people speculate that the governor, who blasted the PUC last week for failing to help implement the agreements, may have privately welcomed the commission's action as a step toward revising the agreements. Power providers, meanwhile, continue to support the agreements. "The contracts are good for the state and helped stabilize the market," said William Highlander, director of public relations for Calpine Corp. The San Jose company is the largest provider under the controversial agreements, with some $13 billion in contracts. Calpine hopes to provide much of that power from new plants it is building within California. Sempra says contract fair The company has not been approached by the state to revise its agreements, said Highlander, and he declined to say how Calpine would respond to such an overture. San Diego-based Sempra Energy, another major provider under the agreements, also insists its contracts provide power at fair rates to the state. Michael Niggli, president of Sempra Energy Resources, said his company will provide power for about 4 to 5 cents per kilowatt hour, based upon current natural gas prices. "It's pretty tough to say, 'Let's renegotiate the lowest price contract,' " Niggli said. But V. John White, director of the Center for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Technologies, said Sempra's contract and others lock the state into power that consumers are unlikely to need, and too much of the electricity comes from non-renewable sources. White says state consumers are being held hostage by some unnecessary posturing. "There are indications from several generators that a call to renegotiate would be responded to," White said. "The generators say nobody asked us. The governor says nobody has volunteered. "But the opportunity is there at this moment to renegotiate. Why don't we ask?" State authority buying more power for 2002 Critics say it's too costly, perhaps unnecessary and may be sold off later at a loss SACRAMENTO -- California's new power agency is rushing to buy more electricity for next summer, even as the state has come under fire for buying too much costly power and then having to sell it at bargain prices. Moreover, another state agency says the state will have enough power - because of existing contracts and conservation - to get through the hottest of summers next year. The new power purchases, which are being negotiated by the California Public Power and Financing Authority, could add as much as 3,000 megawatts of power to California - enough for about 2.3 million homes - by June. That would be in addition to the existing $43 billion in long-term agreements the state has already inked with power generators. Many observers - even those supportive of the power authority's goal to increase cleaner, alternative energy sources in the state - are balking at the agency's rapid pace, saying consumers will end up paying more in the long run. "We're dumping power and (authority Chairman) David Freeman is buying more power. What's up with that? It's absolutely ludicrous,'' said Harry Snyder, executive director of Consumers' Union, which publishes Consumer Reports. A draft report by the California Energy Commission shows the state already has plenty of power for next year. Without the extra power being negotiated by the power authority, even in a very hot summer, the state would have about 6,000 extra megawatts during peak periods, when it needs 63,800 megawatts, about a 9 percent cushion. That is if all power plants came online as expected and residents continued to conserve as they are. In a normal summer, such as this year's, the state would have 10,000 extra megawatts above the average 59,000 megawatts it needs, roughly a 17 percent surplus. Power authority officials counter that those surplus figures are estimates that depend on people conserving at the rate they did this summer. "The more we own of our own supply, the more we can control the market,'' said state Treasurer Phil Angelides, an authority board member. Said Freeman: "We are thinking our way through what we should do for next summer. That why we get paid the big bucks." New contracts would increase 'green' power In addition, at least one-third of the new energy the power authority is trying to buy - 1,000 megawatts - would come from solar, wind and other renewable energy providers, officials said. Such generators were left out when the state signed its initial round of contracts. Bringing on 1,000 more megawatts would increase the portion of the state's energy derived from renewable resources to 13 percent. The long-term goal is 17 percent. The remaining power purchased under the new contracts, perhaps 2,000 megawatts, would be from so-called "peaker'' plants - less efficient jet-engine-like generators that are turned on only during emergency shortages. The emphasis on these natural gas plants irks many environmentalists, but proponents of them say these would be a new generation of gas peakers. While not preferable to conventional generating plants, they would pollute less than the peakers currently being pressed into service. If California can build new, more efficient ones, it can retire the old polluting ones, the argument goes. Nonetheless, critics fear the state, rushing into new negotiations, will leave ratepayers with more expensive power contracts. They note that the authority hasn't completed an assessment on exactly how much power it really needs and what it wants for the state's power portfolio. That assessment won't be done until February. "I hope they have a basis on which they've determined they need those (3,000) megawatts of contracts,'' said Lenny Goldberg, a lobbyist for The Utility Reform Network, a consumer watchdog group. Businesses worry new pacts will hurt them Even the state's businesses are critical. They believe that the more expensive long-term power there is under state contract, the less likely lawmakers are to businesses go into the open market to buy the cheaper electricity they think they can get there. Lawmakers, they believe, will want to force businesses to continue to buy power under the contracts they've negotiated because if the businesses were allowed to pull out, residential customers alone would be left paying the higher prices that those contracts dictate. Lawmakers are reluctant to put any more burdens on the average consumer, who they feel are the unintended victims of a severely flawed deregulation system. "I would just as soon not see them negotiate any more contracts,'' said Jack Stewart, president of the California Manufacturers and Technology Association. The state power authority was signed into law in May to build its own plants, help others finance them and compete with the private power companies. Leading the $5 million-a-year agency is Freeman, the former head of the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power and one of Davis' closest advisers during the energy crisis. The Legislature's auditors are casting a critical eye at the power authority and will hold hearings next month. "It's not an investigation,'' said Assemblyman Fred Keeley, D-Felton, chairman of the Joint Legislative Audit Committee. But "it's appropriate early and often to review their work in a public venue and have them held accountable for compliance of the law.'' Keeley's committee is looking into the planned purchases and he said he could not yet conclude whether the power authority's actions could help or hurt the state. Freeman said onlookers have been too quick to criticize the state's work. "The plain truth is we had blackouts last winter. We did what we could. We kept the rates stable and lights on,'' Freeman said. "Criticism is real easy with the benefit of 20/20 hindsight.'' 
 Thanks so much for the Storybook wine.  Extremely sweet of you, and we really appreciate it.  I gave Eldon the check for it.  Man, did we get CREAMED in the pool.  Sigh....  Best, Jeff 
 Just wanted to make sure that you have seen the announcement about the move, the meeting (on the 18th) they're having to explain and the brief description.  If not, let me know and I'll fax it to you.  And unless you have any objections, I'm seriously considering attending the meeting, since this has been one of the biggest problems we've had in the gas industry in California.  Let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you very much for your kind voicemail.  Unfortunately for Gov't Affairs, unless Steve and Rick have other plans, you all are stuck with me since I love working for Enron (even in California!).  Bizarre rumor, the origins of which baffle me....  Thanks again for the sweet voicemail.  And holy moly, sounds like you and Christi are going to be extremely busy at FERC.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks for the response.  I think that I've got it cleared up.  I'm assuming that the time for our case write is "the present," i.e., September 2001.  If I've got that wrong, let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 I would have been happy to let you have it.  You still can, you know.  Just let me know (though we love to keep it).  We're allegedly going to the dome this weekend, so perhaps we could pick it up on our way back on Sunday.  But if that's a bother, don't worry about it--we can do it another time.  And what about those 9-ers? 
 how we doing on the one-pager? 
 Greetings.  Heard that Barry might in California this week?  Someone mentioned there may be attempts to meet with DWR.  Just checking, since DWR seems to be radioactive these days.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  In case you hadn't heard, the " bailout" that Edison struck with the California PUC would allow Edison to spend up to $250MM "to hedge fuel cost risks associated with SCE's Utility Retained Generation and QF and interutility contracts." 
 I would bet that we'll be there.  I'll bring my check book.  Is the 97 cab $32 retail?  If it is, it's worth it.  With Barry doing what he did, getting to the playoffs was icing on the cake.  But, man, that Friday night game was a heart-breaker.  We'll see you Sunday!  Kisses, Jeff 
 I apologize.  My schedule went crazy. But I will have the update for you first thing in the morning.  Promise.  Best, Jeff 
 Dan Walters: Davis vs. Lynch -- or is the feud a charade to shield the governor? When Gov. Gray Davis named political operative Loretta Lynch to the state Public Utilities Commission -- and insisted that she become the PUC's president as well -- it was in keeping with Davis' long-established mode of personally controlling major political levers. All of that occurred, however, before California was plunged into the "energy crisis," an infuriatingly complex amalgam of politics, economics, power supply and distribution, and such uncontrollable factors as the weather. When the first strains were felt 1 1/2 years ago, Davis and Lynch reacted, as one might expect, in tandem and, as later experience proved, poorly. They refused, in effect, to intercede with some steps -- such as long-term, low-price supply contracts and perhaps small rate increases -- that would have prevented the situation from deteriorating into a crisis. Last January, when the financial plight of the privately owned utilities brought the threat of major power blackouts, Davis and Lynch were forced to act. But within a couple of months, the previously inseparable partners began cleaving apart, at least publicly. At Lynch's behest, the PUC enacted a stiff rate increase while Davis claimed that she and the PUC had acted on their own, without his knowledge. It was widely seen at the time as a ploy, one that would bring about a rate boost that every authority knew was necessary, without forcing Davis to publicly change position. Since then, the two have continued to act in seemingly divergent ways. The PUC stepped into the political stalemate over Southern California Edison, for example, working up a secret deal that apparently will protect the utility from bankruptcy without having to win legislative approval. And the PUC has opposed the authority sought by the Davis administration to finance bonds that would pay for past and future state power purchases. Administration officials are publicly critical of Lynch and the PUC and circulate stories that Davis considers her to be an impediment. One version had Davis dumping her as president of the PUC in favor of a friendlier member. And PUC officials insist that Lynch is just acting to preserve the historic independence of the agency, first created nearly a century ago as a bulwark against the out-of-control Southern Pacific railroad. A lengthy article in Monday's Los Angeles Times traced the history of the Davis-Lynch relationship and, in effect, endorsed the conventional wisdom that the two erstwhile political allies had grown apart under the strain of the energy crisis. That may be true, but the intensity with which that interpretation of events is being peddled makes one suspicious that it's just another ploy aimed at protecting the governor's backside from the fallout of his less-than-deft handling of the energy situation. Polls indicate that it's the primary reason why his public approval rating has dropped dramatically this year, thus making his re-election next year less than certain. By doing the deal on Edison -- supposedly without Davis' knowledge -- Lynch saved the governor from a huge embarrassment. He had gone to the mat for the utility but was rebuffed by a Legislature dominated by his own party. He had called a special legislative session on Edison but had been told that he would lose again. Holding up approval of the administration's bond-power contract scheme is often cited as the most powerful evidence of a schism between Davis and Lynch, but she may be doing the governor a big favor in that arena as well. The contracts signed by the administration are much too expensive and, if implemented, will cost ratepayers billions of extra dollars over the next decade. Davis needs to dump them, but if he acts directly, he'll have to admit that he made a mistake. If the PUC continues to hold up the necessary authority, he can use that as a lever to force suppliers into whittling down prices, or even abandoning the contracts altogether -- without having to take responsibility for reneging. Maybe Davis and Lynch are feuding, but it could all just be a charade to fool the public and protect the governor. 
 Power providers cry foul over fees State is accused of improper billing Electricity suppliers long accused of manipulating California's energy market are turning the tables on the state, saying its independent grid manager is forcing them to make up the cost of bad energy deals signed by Gov. Gray Davis' administration. The power traders accuse the Independent System Operator -- which is legally required to act as an impartial market manager -- of improperly helping state power buyers spread out the cost of high-priced electricity contracts. Energy firms as well as municipal utility systems have complained about mysterious charges on their accounts with the grid agency, said Jan Smutney- Jones of the Independent Energy Producers Association, which represents such industry giants as Enron, Dynegy, Williams and Reliant. The charges showed up around the time the state Department of Water Resources was forced to start selling excess electricity it had purchased at an average of $69 per megawatt hour for as little as $1 per megawatt hour. "The ISO seems to be following specific instructions the Department of Water Resources is giving them," Smutney-Jones said. An industry source said NRG Energy Inc. and other suppliers were preparing a formal complaint to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, which could order the state to issue refunds to generators if it finds they have been improperly charged. The commission has ordered an unprecedented operational audit of the grid management agency. State officials bought power under long-term contracts when it appeared California could suffer serious power shortages over the summer. Instead, the state had more than enough power, and electricity available on the spot market suddenly cost half as much as the energy California had bought. Gary Ackerman of the Western Power Trading Forum, an industry group, said the grid operator was using a combination of power scheduling and billing practices to "bury" some of the cost of power purchased by the state in the accounts of other generators. "The state is the biggest buyer and seller of electricity, and they control the governing board of the ISO," Ackerman said. The governor's spokesman, Steve Maviglio, called the power firms' accusations "absolutely false" and said the generators were trying to whip up sentiment in Washington to interfere with the state's affairs. "The generators know they'll get a much better deal at FERC headquarters in Washington than they will in Sacramento," Maviglio said. "It shouldn't be a surprise that they make these accusations here to get federal involvement." Oscar Hidalgo, a spokesman for the Department of Water Resources, said generators could hardly cast themselves as victims in California's energy crisis. "I don't feel sorry for them one bit," Hidalgo said. "They had one heck of a year." Gregg Fishman, spokesman for the ISO said the agency was preparing a response to the accusations. Energy trade organizations said they suspected the ISO of using several mechanisms to charge suppliers for state contract costs. The extra expense is sometimes tacked on to suppliers' bills for ISO operating costs, which all electricity sellers in California share, Ackerman said. Some firms say they have tried to buy cheap spot market electricity for resale, only to find later that the grid manager has charged them for more expensive state power. Others say the grid operator orders them to activate stand-by power units on too-short notice. When they can't comply, they say, the ISO brings high-priced state power on line and bills them for the extra cost. The accusations are part of a struggle for control of California's grid. In January, Davis disbanded the ISO's 26-member governing board, which was chaired by Smutney-Jones, after some critics said it was too cozy with industry. Davis appointed his own five-member board. In February, then-FERC Chairman Curt Hebert said the new board had become "a political arm of the governor." The commission is trying to get California to turn over its grid to a multistate transmission organization. Davis has warned Washington to "keep its hands off" the ISO. 
 Dear Ms DSL:  Looks like no DWR meeting this week.  Thanks for the tip.  Best, Jeff 
 Oh, they're trying alright...but we have conflict with the consultant they've hired.  I'll fill you in another time.  (DWR is radioactive, though, and we shouldn't be doing any deals with them right now.) 
 Rick: Based on your voicemail, here's a quick-and-dirty synopsis of a proposal that I've been quietly discussing with a select few out here in California (e.g., John White, large customers).  It could include more bells and whistles, but the intent of this proposal is to get DA back as soon as possible. **************************************************************************  Reduce DWR L-T contract volumes by at least 33-50% To "back fill" increase in net-short created by contract reformation, permit noncore customers (20 KW and above) to elect to go DA to fill the position DA provides a significantly more efficient hedge against price volatility than DWR contracts Election is first-come, first-serve, capped at the aggregate net short position Customers decision to go DA will constitute a 3-year commitment to stay DA (i.e., can't go back to IOU for 3 yrs; must stay in the market) If a net short position remains after noncore customers have elected DA (i.e., not enough elect to fill the net short), then the IOUs will hold an auction to fill the net short The auction would seek a portfolio of 3 month, 6 month, 1 year and 3 year deals (both peak and off-peak) to fill the net short. Noncore customers choosing DA would not escape costs of DWR power consumed when the customer was receiving utility service (i.e., prior to electing DA) Likewise, if the noncore customers choosing DA was a utility customer during the period when the utility accured its "undercollection," (i.e., when wholesale prices exceeded the retail cap), the customer would not escape those costs by virtue of electing DA status Noncore customers would not bear responsibility for recovery of DWR L-T contracts. Potential add-on to deal:  Core customers (less than 20 KW) could choose "green only" DA, but, like, noncore customers could not escape costs for which they are responsible. 
 de nada 
 Since the bills that passed are all Burton/Senate bills, it may be the case that a deal has been cut at the leadership level involving 78 and the other energy-related bills (SB 18 in particular). Scott, Hedy, Bev---Can you do a bit of checking to see if this is the case?  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 See your email re: contract/DA fix.  I'm in office.  Jeff 
 Mike Day and I talked.  Mike agreed that there's "elbow room" in PUC regulations that would allow PG&E to do the financial swap we talked about late yesterday without having to get regulatory approval.  However, Mike also agreed that there's some risk (moderate to low in our view) that the PUC could try to ding the utility--for whatever reason--next time it goes under review as part of its general rate case.  In the end, PG&E will have to decide whether doing the financial with us is--in PG&E's view--overly aggressive or not from a regulatory perspective.  In short, doesn't seem to be any real downside in raising it and seeing how PG&E responds.  If this doesn't answer the question sufficiently, let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 yes. 
 As things change, so do call schedules.  We conferred and have recommend that:  There will not be a call this week. Beginning next week, the call will take place once per week, on Wednesdays, at the same time (11:30 AM PDT), same call-in number (we hope). Until the next legislative session starts up, the call will be optional for the gang in Sacramento.  If you have any alternative suggestions, questions, and/or comments, please let me know. And please forward to others who need/would like to know.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks very much. 
 Only if you still agree to be surprised... 
 Thanks.  One other question, which seems like a legal question.  Assume that Enron openly advocates for the PUC to apply the charges to all customers, including ours, understanding that our customers neither benefited from or caused the charges.  If the PUC does it, and we go back to our customers and claim that an indirect tax has been applied, are we in any kind of bind for having pushed for it?  I'm hoping that the answer is no.  Thanks for the info.  Best, Jeff 
 got it. 
 It seems that since we've already contributed, we're invited.  Given where Davis' numbers have gone recently, Riordan's imminent announcement and potential, and the fact that the Rs have played it about as well as could be expected under the circumstances (save for Morrow, who we may want to bring up with Brulte if the lunch is attended, this could be a useful gathering.  And it doesn't require crossing the border into California, to boot.  Best, Jeff 
 Hey, I haven't seen you at all and have been thinking about you.  Just wanted to check in and see how things are going.  Hope you are well and things are going swimmingly.  Best, Jeff 
 Hey, Jean.  Man, who don't you know???  Anyway, I'm sorry to bug you, but I'd like to try to get a meeting with Ms Doll ASAP.  If there's anyway that we can manage that, I'd, of course, be eternally indebted.  Best, Jeff 
 Another defeat for Davis.  Tough break.  Is the judge's proposed decision available? Best, Jeff FERC Judge Urges Dismissal Of Calif Complaint Vs El Paso WASHINGTON -(Dow Jones)- An administrative law judge has recommended the U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission dismiss a complaint alleging El Paso Corp. (EPG) manipulated the market for natural gas sales into California . The ruling in the high-profile, politically charged case was a setback for California , which had sought to hold El Paso financially accountable not only for higher natural gas prices, but also for the resulting higher electricity prices in a state heavily dependent upon gas-fired power plants. "While ... El Paso Pipeline and El Paso Merchant had the ability to exercise market power, the record in this case isn't at all clear that they in fact exercised market power," Curtis Wagner, FERC's chief administrative law judge, concluded in an initial decision forwarded to the commission late Tuesday. The California Public Utilities Commission, which filed the complaint against El Paso, said later Tuesday that it would appeal Wagner's decision on market manipulation. In a small victory for the state, Wagner did find that El Paso officials violated FERC's "standards of conduct" rules barring the sharing of market-sensitive information between pipeline companies and their natural-gas marketing affiliates. "El Paso Corp., El Paso Pipeline, and El Paso Merchant are guilty of affiliate abuse," Wagner concluded. "There was a dialogue between the pipeline affiliates and the marketing affiliate that gave an unfair advantage to the bidding" by the marketing unit for El Paso pipeline capacity into California , Wagner said. FERC had dismissed the issue of affiliate abuse on March 28 without a hearing. At Wagner's request, the commission later agreed to reopen the issue during a hearing into the market-manipulation complaint. The proceeding, which began April 4 and concluded August 6, resulted in a hearing record of 32 volumes and totaled 5,573 pages, while 515 exhibits were entered into evidence, Wagner reported. "The briefs measured approximately one linear foot," he said.  Contracting With Affiliates  At issue are contracts worth $38.5 million that El Paso's marketing unit entered into with its pipeline affiliate to secure 1.2 billion cubic feet per day of firm transportation capacity into California from March 2000 through June 2001. California argued El Paso had used its control of pipeline space to limit the supply of gas into the state and boost prices. The contract period coincided with an unprecedented period of power-market volatility, in which skyrocketing natural gas costs contributed to extreme spikes in electricity prices that ultimately rendered the state's utilities insolvent. The judge found that the contracts gave El Paso Merchant more than a 35% market share, the market-power threshold under FERC's merger guidelines, based on his interpretation of the relevant market. El Paso had argued for the higher antitrust-law threshold of 50%, but Wagner ruled that the lower standard should apply. But while that market share gave El Paso the "ability to exercise market power," Wagner said, "it is not at all clear from the record in the proceeding that El Paso Merchant and El Paso Pipeline exercised market power." The record offers only mixed support for allegations by the CPUC and utilities in the state that El Paso withheld gas supplies to drive up prices, Wagner said. From March through October 2000, El Paso's capacity utilization rate was about half the rate of other shippers, while for the remainder of the contract, the full capacity was used. Wagner concluded that El Paso's compliance with FERC rules requiring companies that control pipeline capacity to offer unused capacity to other shippers constituted an effective check against market power.  Improper Communications Seen  Where the state scored a win was in the second phase of the hearing, where Wagner heard evidence on allegations of affiliate abuse. Wagner cited telephone records and correspondence to conclude that El Paso violated FERC rules requiring pipelines and affiliated marketers to operate independently of one another. The rules also restrict communications between pipeline operating personnel and affiliated marketers. Transcripts of telephone conversations between pipeline and marketing employees of El Paso "demonstrate blatant collusion ... to keep secret a discount for service" on El Paso's Mojave system until the open season was over in which Merchant was bidding for the pipeline capacity on the sister pipeline, Wagner said, including the transcripts in his opinion. Wagner determined that the transcript offered a "prima facie" case of affiliate abuse, and urged El Paso to present witnesses to rebut his finding. But El Paso declined to present the witnesses, the opinion noted. Wagner also cited a confidential memorandum to William Wise, El Paso's chief executive, from the head of El Paso Merchant as contributing to his conclusion that El Paso and its pipeline and marketing affiliates "were in clear violation" of FERC's affiliate-abuse rules. El Paso replied in a statement that the commission had considered the same evidence and found no abuse in its March 28 ruling. The commission would commit a "legal error" if it adopted the judge's views, the company said. The parties have 30 days to file briefs taking exception to the judge's findings. The commission can either accept or reject the judge's findings. However the commission ultimately rules in the case, it is expected to end up appealed before a federal appeals court. 
 Thanks.  Any word yet on how well Jim's crushing the arguments of the monopolists in DC? 
 FYI.  Sue Mara is the GA lead and is working with the ESP and customer groups to respond to (and if at all possible, work with) the utilities.  Best, Jeff 
  FYI.  Utility recent submissions to PUC regarding DASR process under 09.20.01 DA suspension.  Best, Jeff 
 thanks. 
 Love to go to lunch.  Maybe Friday?  If not Friday, let's try next week. 
 Hey, I just peeked at our stock, and just wanted to say thank you. 
 FYI.  In its letter to the Commission, Edison estimates that, as of 09.20.01, 13-16% of its load will be DA.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 ditto. sounds good. 
 FYI.  I don't know if this means that Sue and I both get a ticket, or if there's only one.  If someone from Houston--or another office--is interested, we'd be happy to accommodate.  Otherwise, I'm sure that we'll take full advantage of the opporunity.  Just let us know.  Best, Jeff 
 Not a problem.  Thanks for the info.  I've got a couple more questions.  I'll call you in a bit.  Thanks again.  Jeff 
 thanks. 
 California's $12.5 Bln Bond Sale May Be Salvaged, Official Says Sacramento, California, Oct. 10 (Bloomberg) -- California's $12.5 billion bond sale to cover energy costs may win approval if Governor Gray Davis agrees to seek revisions of existing power contracts, a state regulatory official said. The bond sale stalled last week when the California Public Utilities Commission voted 4-1 against a plan to repay the state's power costs using utility rates. The commissioners favor another approach, opposed by Davis, that would give them more authority over the state's $43 billion of power contracts. Some commissioners ``would probably be amenable to the rate agreement if there was movement on the governor's part to renegotiate those contracts,'' said Geoffrey Brown, who was appointed to the PUC by Davis. ``We're not just sitting around waiting for the sky to fall. There's got to be some give here.'' Moody's Investors Service on Friday said California's $31.6 billion of debt may be downgraded for the second time this year, in part because of the delayed bond sale. California's budget deficit in fiscal 2003 may reach $9.3 billion if energy costs aren't repaid, state Treasurer Philip Angelides said. The state has spent $10.4 billion since January buying electricity on behalf of PG&E Corp. and Edison International utilities, which are insolvent. Davis `Willing to Discuss' ``It takes two to tango and we are certainly willing to discuss the contracts,'' said Steve Maviglio, the governor's spokesman. Davis will consider Brown's offer, ``especially in context'' of any refunds from generators that may be ordered, Maviglio said. State officials claim power generators have charged too much, and are asking federal regulators to order refunds. Power generators are ``willing to discuss it, but I wouldn't want anybody to have any false promise or hope that any enormous change will come from this,'' said Gary Ackerman, executive director of the Western Power Trading Forum, a group representing power sellers. Any companies willing to talk ``might want something else in return, and who knows what that might be.'' The planned bond sale, the largest municipal debt sale in U.S. history, would repay the state's general fund for a $6.1 billion power loan and cover other power costs. The sale has been delayed by the disagreements among state leaders. `A Blank Check' Under state law, the PUC is required to provide enough revenue from consumer rates to meet the bond payments and cover power contracts. The Department of Water Resources, the state agency buying the power, has sole authority to determine its revenue needs. PUC President Loretta Lynch and others said an irrevocable financing order would make it difficult for the state to renegotiate power contracts. They also said the DWR has been given too much authority. In the past, the PUC has set utility rates. ``It gives a blank check to the DWR for anything that they want to do going forward,'' said California Senate President Pro Tempore John Burton. The commissioners favor a plan to back the bonds with a surcharge on utility customers' bills. The proposal would let the PUC review the water department's revenue requirements and require a public hearing on the allocation of costs among the utilities. Davis opposes that plan. ``It's dead on arrival. It's still going to be vetoed,'' said Maviglio. The governor has until Sunday to sign or veto all the bills sent to him during the last session. The new plan would expose the state to breach-of-contract claims, the governor's office said in a statement last week. The state agreed with power generators to pay energy contracts before repaying the bonds. Making a change now ``would eliminate the security on which the power sellers relied'' the governor's office said in the statement. Critics of the long-term power contracts say the state's economy will be hurt by above-market costs for years to come. No matter which approach the state takes, ``the government ought to try to renegotiate the contracts anyway,'' Burton said. ``And some of the generators have said they're willing to do it.'' 
 keep up the good work!  Sue's got it covered.  But I'll be there soon enough.  You know, I just received this note.  Wonder if something's wrong with the network.  Best, Jeff 
 PG&E utility reorganization draws fire in Calif SAN FRANCISCO, Oct 10 (Reuters) - PG&E Corp.'s plan to reorganize its bankrupt Pacific Gas & Electric unit, California's biggest utility, is coming under fire as a bid to dodge state regulation. Critics said that with California beginning to emerge from a two-year energy crisis triggered by a failed deregulation law that drowned the state's utilities in red ink, now is no time to abandon state oversight. Loretta Lynch, president of the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC), called the plan "a regulatory jailbreak" and "a corporate shell game to evade proper state regulation" by transferring assets to unregulated PG&E affiliates. The reorganization plan would split the parent company and its utility into stand-alone companies, transferring the hydro network, Diablo Canyon nuclear power plant and gas and electric transmission systems to unregulated units of parent PG&E. The utility would continue to own and operate local gas and power distribution grids serving about 13 million customers. The plan would allow all valid creditor claims to be paid without the need for a rate increase or state bailout, said Bob Glynn, chairman, president and chief executive of PG&E. It would provide creditors with about $9.1 billion in cash and $4.1 billion in notes. EYE ON HYDRO SYSTEM One of the concerns arising from the plan is how Pacific Gas & Electric would continue to manage its hydroelectric properties, which make up the world's largest privately held hydropower system. Elected officials from 28 counties in PG&E's sprawling hydro watershed in central and northern California will meet Friday to weigh actions on the reorganization plan filed at the San Francisco federal bankruptcy court Sept. 20. The Regional Council of Rural Counties is worried about who will safeguard the environmental health of the hydro system's rivers and lakes that are the foundation for fishing, boating and tourism in an area that sprawls across about two-thirds of the state, council vice president Wes Lujan told Reuters. PG&E spokesman Jon Tremayne said the hydro system, nuclear reactors and transmission systems would continue to be regulated by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission or the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. The utility also would continue to get power from plants it now owns under a 12-year deal at 5 cents per kilowatt hour. But State Attorney General Bill Lockyer said he is looking closely at the plan because of "serious concerns the utility is seeking to evade further scrutiny by the CPUC" and avoid state laws on the asset transfers. Lockyer said that in the past, PG&E had used CPUC oversight as a shield against federal scrutiny. Despite PG&E's claim that the CPUC has no jurisdiction on the transfer of power and transmission assets to the parent, CPUC chief counsel Gary Cohen said the agency's approval is required under state law. 'FIRE SALE PRICES' "PG&E's goal is clear. They want to transfer most of the utility's valuable assets to an affiliate company, at fire sale prices, so that they will no longer be subject to any state regulation. It is a deregulation plan, not a reorganization plan," Cohen said. "PG&E's plan conflicts with California's interest to have a more stable and regulated energy system. Deregulation has failed the public, and we will look at every opportunity to put down this attempt to solve the failure of deregulation with more deregulation," said Doug Heller, of consumer advocate The Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights. PG&E's Tremayne said the plan makes the most sense for California because units of PG&E would continue to own and manage power production and transmission. Tremayne said, however, the reorganization plan does not bar a future sale to another company. PG&E's plan would give the utility $4.5 billion from the asset transfers to help pay off about $13 billion in debts, including $9 billion in unrecovered power purchase costs. The CPUC's Cohen and consumer groups said PG&E should receive far more than $4.5 billion from the assets. They point to the value of the hydro network. Last fall, the utility dropped a plan to sell the hydro system to its parent for $2.8 billion because the system was "undervalued in today's market" and could fetch a much higher price through an auction. The PG&E utility and Edison International's Southern California Edison utility amassed billions of dollars of debt because the deregulation law prevented them from passing steep wholesale power prices to their customers. SoCal Edison and the CPUC reached a deal Oct. 2 to keep the utility out of the bankruptcy court and pay off its creditors. 
 Jean:  We're on the job, trying to get the number.  It's a little tricky, though (you know how newly-created bureaucracies can be).  We'll get back to you soon as we have something.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks very much.  Really appreciate your help. 
 Thanks very much for dinner, the guacamole and the company.  I left you a check for the truck window work on the kitchen counter.  (That was the best dinner I've ever had in my entire life!  kidding! :)  )  Hope that you're not getting beat up by your bomb-throwing colleagues.  Best, Jeff 
 Here's my take.  Slash away at will.  Sue, saw your notes, but didn't try to incorporate.  You should add anything I've missed, got wrong, etc.  Pulled it together quickly.  Hope there aren't too many errors.  And hope it helps.  Best, Jeff 
 Sounds like a good outcome.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 We did recommend using the DJ index.  But subsequent to that, I believe we filed as part of the "ARM" coalition, recommending a bottom's-up approach.  Is that right Sue?  However, I don't think it's accurate to say that we "withdrew" the DJ index recommendation.  Both our original DJ recommendation, and the bottom's up recommendation, are still sitting at the PUC.  I think that's how things currently stand.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Hirsch apparently is a business reporter for the Times who got my name from people.  He's doing a story about the contracts.  Something like "they bought way too much for too high a price.  Now what?"  I told him that I would talk to him under the following conditions:  No attribution to Enron specifically No attribution of the "unnamed sources" sort, "industry sources" or sort, etc. If, when the story's further along, he wants to try to get a quote from us, I'd put him in touch with our PR folks.  We talked generally about DWR, the CA Power Authority, the contracts, the Edison deal with the PUC, etc.  More specifically, he asked me "are there any alternatives to deal with this mess."  I outlined the following proposal, which we've talked about internally, and which we've been quietly shopping behind the scenes.  I did not bring up the "green only" DA for small customers piece of the proposal (slipped my mind).  I also gave him names of other folks I thought he should talk to.  He said he might get back to me.  If he calls back, I'll let you know.  Please let me know if anyone has any concerns 1) about talking to him on a backgound only basis, and/or 2) the proposal outlined below. Thanks.  Best, Jeff  ********************************************************************************************************** 
 deepthroat is rather provocative, don't you think?  Hey, whatever you're doing, keep it up!  I don't know how you moved the stock from 24 to 37, and I don't care.  Keep it up!  Best, Jeff 
 Boy, I gotta tell you, the demands for those tickets are NOT pouring in. Hope the thing in D.C. went OK last week.  Best, Jeff 
 Amusing if you're way up there in Portland.... 
 FYI.  Nevada PUC Acts To Change Or Void Long-Term Pwr Contracts LOS ANGELES -(Dow Jones)- The Nevada Public Utilities Commission Wednesday voted to allow its General Counsel Office to take any action necessary to try to void or renegotiate long-term electricity contracts entered into by the state's two largest utilities, a PUC spokeswoman said. The contracts would force Sierra Pacific Resources' (SRP) utilities Sierra Pacific Power Co. and Nevada Power Co. to pay a higher price for power than current market rates, said Don Soderberg, PUC chairman. "We paid high prices when the prices were high, but to pay high prices when the prices are low is outrageous," Soderberg said. No one at Sierra Pacific or Nevada Power was available to comment on which companies have signed contracts with the utilities, or the value of the contracts. The PUC action follows a letter sent by Gov. Kenny Guinn to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in early October asking that the utilities be allowed to renegotiate the contracts. The General Counsel's office will now have authority to file with FERC and in court to plead against the current contracts. Sierra Pacific has said that a June FERC order that capped wholesale power prices has penalized the company. Sierra Pacific signed its forward contracts to escape high spot market prices, only to have those contracts end up being more expensive than the capped spot market prices, the company has said. As well, if the company wants to sell any surplus power into the spot market, it will now receive less for that power under the cap, it has said. California 's Public Utilities Commission is also pushing for renegotiation of $43 billion in long-term contracts signed by the state, which has been buying power on behalf of cash-strapped utilities since January. 
 Davis devises new borrowing plan His executive order could speed up $12.5 billion in bond sales and bypass PUC oversight of repayment mechanism. SACRAMENTO -- Gov. Gray Davis is crafting a new plan to expedite the long-delayed borrowing of $12.5 billion to repay the sagging California state budget for emergency electricity it bought during the energy crisis. The plan -- which could be contained in an executive order as early as next week -- would minimize the role of the state's top power regulator, the Public Utilities Commission, which enraged Davis last week when it declined to sign off on his original plan. With enough power now under contract to avert blackouts and plans in place for the recovery of the two state's largest utilities, the repayment to the state treasury would resolve one of the last remaining issues of the energy crisis. "That is one scenario," Davis spokeswoman Hilary McLean said Wednesday when asked about the proposal. "There are a number of different scenarios being considered. Nothing has jelled yet that is ready to be publicly announced." Most involved in the debate have long agreed that the state should sell $12.5 billion in revenue bonds, most of which, about $9.6 billion, would go back into the state treasury. The issue was how to lock in a mechanism by which the bonds would be repaid - a critical step before they could be marketed to investors. Davis wanted the PUC to approve a plan that would repay the bonds and cover the state's energy costs through the revenues collected from ratepayers. But the PUC said the administration's proposal might prove inadequate over time, leading to future rate hikes. The PUC also said the administration's plan gave too much authority to the Davis-controlled Department of Water Resources, by allowing the department to raise electricity rates to get more revenue. The PUC, which is set up to be an independent board with the sole responsibility for setting utility rates, did not want to cede that authority. It rejected the Davis plan Oct. 2 on a 4-1 vote, led by its president, Davis appointee Loretta Lynch. Davis earlier said the commission's approval was necessary to reassure investors and get the bonds to market. The plan now under review, however, would bypass that. The DWR would not directly set rates, but under the Davis plan it would be charged with identifying how the money coming in from customers' utility bills over the next 20 years would be allocated - in effect, guaranteeing that paying back the bonds would have equal priority with paying back the suppliers of the energy. Proponents of the plan believe that would satisfy Wall Street. The administration believes it would require no additional rate hikes. Lynch said Wednesday that she had not been involved in the latest negotiations, but questioned whether Davis had the authority to issue an executive order allowing the DWR to get involved in setting rates. "I've been told for six months that the PUC was needed to pass a rate agreement. If the DWR can get the bonds sold by themselves, then great," Lynch said. "But to dedicate rates, it takes a financing order from the PUC or a statutory change in law, a statutory set-aside. It takes one of those two things." The governor is likely to announce the plan sometime following his expected veto of the bill that lays out the Legislature's version of the payback plan. By law, the governor has until Sunday to act on SB18xx, by Senate Leader John Burton, D-San Francisco. Davis opposes Burton's bill because it gives bond buyers priority in getting paid, followed by the energy suppliers. The power companies' contracts contain provisions giving them payment priority, which Davis believes could throw the contracts into legal dispute. If Davis signs the order soon, the bonds could go to market early next year. Having the proceeds in the state treasury by then is considered by some critical with the state facing a projected $4 billion to $6 billion shortfall in other income. 
 Davis devises new borrowing plan His executive order could speed up $12.5 billion in bond sales and bypass PUC oversight of repayment mechanism. SACRAMENTO -- Gov. Gray Davis is crafting a new plan to expedite the long-delayed borrowing of $12.5 billion to repay the sagging California state budget for emergency electricity it bought during the energy crisis. The plan -- which could be contained in an executive order as early as next week -- would minimize the role of the state's top power regulator, the Public Utilities Commission, which enraged Davis last week when it declined to sign off on his original plan. With enough power now under contract to avert blackouts and plans in place for the recovery of the two state's largest utilities, the repayment to the state treasury would resolve one of the last remaining issues of the energy crisis. "That is one scenario," Davis spokeswoman Hilary McLean said Wednesday when asked about the proposal. "There are a number of different scenarios being considered. Nothing has jelled yet that is ready to be publicly announced." Most involved in the debate have long agreed that the state should sell $12.5 billion in revenue bonds, most of which, about $9.6 billion, would go back into the state treasury. The issue was how to lock in a mechanism by which the bonds would be repaid - a critical step before they could be marketed to investors. Davis wanted the PUC to approve a plan that would repay the bonds and cover the state's energy costs through the revenues collected from ratepayers. But the PUC said the administration's proposal might prove inadequate over time, leading to future rate hikes. The PUC also said the administration's plan gave too much authority to the Davis-controlled Department of Water Resources, by allowing the department to raise electricity rates to get more revenue. The PUC, which is set up to be an independent board with the sole responsibility for setting utility rates, did not want to cede that authority. It rejected the Davis plan Oct. 2 on a 4-1 vote, led by its president, Davis appointee Loretta Lynch. Davis earlier said the commission's approval was necessary to reassure investors and get the bonds to market. The plan now under review, however, would bypass that. The DWR would not directly set rates, but under the Davis plan it would be charged with identifying how the money coming in from customers' utility bills over the next 20 years would be allocated - in effect, guaranteeing that paying back the bonds would have equal priority with paying back the suppliers of the energy. Proponents of the plan believe that would satisfy Wall Street. The administration believes it would require no additional rate hikes. Lynch said Wednesday that she had not been involved in the latest negotiations, but questioned whether Davis had the authority to issue an executive order allowing the DWR to get involved in setting rates. "I've been told for six months that the PUC was needed to pass a rate agreement. If the DWR can get the bonds sold by themselves, then great," Lynch said. "But to dedicate rates, it takes a financing order from the PUC or a statutory change in law, a statutory set-aside. It takes one of those two things." The governor is likely to announce the plan sometime following his expected veto of the bill that lays out the Legislature's version of the payback plan. By law, the governor has until Sunday to act on SB18xx, by Senate Leader John Burton, D-San Francisco. Davis opposes Burton's bill because it gives bond buyers priority in getting paid, followed by the energy suppliers. The power companies' contracts contain provisions giving them payment priority, which Davis believes could throw the contracts into legal dispute. If Davis signs the order soon, the bonds could go to market early next year. Having the proceeds in the state treasury by then is considered by some critical with the state facing a projected $4 billion to $6 billion shortfall in other income. 
 Thanks very much again for getting the truck window fixed.  I left a check on the kitchen counter.  Best, Jeff 
 What's your zip at home in Napa? 
 Steve:  the decision we talked about yesterday is to cover DWR costs for the period Jan. '01-Dec' 02.  Recall that SDG&E did not get the rate increases that PG&E and Edison got.  The charge (I believe) is $14.6/Mwh on a system ave. basis.  If there's anything else you need, let me know.  This decision does not deal with the "undercollection" SDG&E has accrued due to the price cap put in place by previous Legislation.  Best, Jeff 
 don't worry about it.  i'm just sending the check now.  whenever you get the wine is fine.  and thanks again for doing it. 
 Yes.  And she handed out last time's mid-term.  It was take home at that time, though.  It's open book; we have the whole time, but she said it should take about 90 minutes (which means that it will take me the whole time).  You want me to fax it to you?  Check the website first. It may be posted there. 
 I don't know whether to laugh or cry.  Your a good lawyer; do you think he can end run the Legislature and the PUC and put the rate agreement in place?  The plot continues to thicken, that's for sure.  Best, Jeff 
 Put who up for sale?  Coastal?  Really?  Why? 
 just faxed it. 
 What's the date again? 
 given the mess out here, and how long it's been going on, howzabout "deep therapy?" 
 FYI.  Unless I hear from you, I'm telling Hap that it's fine.  Best, Jeff 
 In case you hadn't seen it.  <http://www.capowerauthority.ca.gov/MediaRelease/PR01%20005.pdf> 
 clearly, the meeting with Horton et al went well... 
 None, thank you. 
  clearly, the meeting with Horton et al went well...And don't yank my chain (Kaufman, under stress, 10.01.01) 
 deep six? 
 Ms Denne, at Enron, we use the more polite form, "deep doo-doo." 
 On a more serious note (notes).  Sue's out sick today (caught something in Houston, it seems). And seriously, I hope the meeting went well. 
 Boy, you are on fire today!  Glad you think so highly of me????  I give the goldfish two weeks...  deep fried. 
 We have any contract in the cross (short?) hairs? 
 Oh, joy.  Get out the mattresses. 
 Hap: I've been in a panic.  I will review shortly and get back to you just as soon as I can.  Best, Jeff 
 Luca Kaufman, who else?  (What did you say the price was?  The fact that it only goes to end of '02 is at least somewhat encouraging.)  You know, I'm starting to feel like tom hanks in "you've got mail."  guess that makes you meg ryan. 
 yeah, that was him.  beginning of the movie.  they notified the corleone family with the message, "luca brazzie sleeps with the fishes."  great movie. 
 got your message.  that's what i needed.  thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 call me.  thanks.  dasovich 415.782.7822. 
 Great.  Thanks. 
 andy:  don't you have a cell phone?  jeff 415.782.7822 
 you have a phone?  jeff 415.782.7822 
 Hey, I'm now freed-up on Thursday, so if you want to do the gas panel on Thursday, that's fine with me.  Best, Jeff 
 Craver will head up any of these specific deals that Edison enters into.  I've known Fielder for a long time (very much the company guy, but pretty easy to work with).  I've met Craver, but don't know him as well as Fielder.  Won't be a stretch to get a meeting with Craver if we choose to do it.  Edison is the counterparty.  Regarding the credit issue, in addition to Edison, we should also view the California PUC as a "co-counterparty" to just about anything Edison does over the next 24 months or so.  Best, Jeff 
 Can you forward the decision regarding Davis' contract grab that came on the call the other day?  Thanks.  Jeff 
 In addition, though we are still attempting to confirm, it appears that no windfall profits tax bills will make it through the Legislature.  Will report back as soon as we know one way or the other.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. Put another call into Bloom.  I'm sure he'll get back to me soon, but you know how busy these important lawyers are...  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  See highlighted comments below.  Don't know if you've heard, but there's considerable talk about Davis trying to get the bonds out via Executive Order.  How that might work technically is unclear---at the end of the day, Lynch & Co. have to approve any ratepayer funds used to service the bonds.  Perhaps Davis is thinking about shifting the burden to taxpayers generally.  In off line conversations with JP Morgan people, they're saying the Executive Order route is "doable," but they ain't giving any details.  We're trying to find out more. Alternative SDG&E debt plan to get hearings Approval of the governor's plan for paying the $747 million debt SDG&E says it is owed by its customers appeared less certain yesterday, as the president of the state utilities commission said she planned to hold public hearings for an alternative proposal. Loretta Lynch, president of the California Public Utilities Commission, said in a local radio interview that regulators will hold hearings in San Diego regarding a plan from consumer groups that purports to save customers about $185 million more than the governor's proposal. The groups said the earlier plan negotiated between the governor and the utility would be costly for consumers and a windfall for San Diego Gas & Electric. At stake is how much SDG&E contributes and how much customers pay toward the debt, which accumulated in a so-called balancing account when SDG&E paid more for electricity than it was able to collect from customers during the power crisis. Despite the plan for hearings, Lynch told KPBS-FM radio that the commission would make a final decision about how to resolve the controversial $747 million debt by November. The governor and SDG&E announced their plan in June, saying it required the utility to contribute $319 million toward the debt and eliminated the balancing account without lengthy litigation or raising rates. Consumer groups, led by the San Diego-based Utility Consumers' Action Network, say the governor's plan does not go far enough, particularly because SDG&E earned an estimated $400 million in profits from the sale of electricity during the power crisis. Under the governor's plan, those profits are awarded to the company's shareholders, though SDG&E would use $219 million from the profits as part of its $319 million contribution toward the debt. Under the consumer groups' plan, SDG&E would be allowed to keep some of the profits, but it would contribute $72 million more than it would under the governor's plan. The alternative plan also would require the utility to make other monetary concessions. In a formal decision earlier this year, the California utilities commission said SDG&E's profits do belong to customers. SDG&E has sued to overturn the decision in court, but it has put the litigation on hold pending the utilities commission's resolution of the plan to pay the debt. Michael Shames, executive director of UCAN, said yesterday that he was encouraged by Lynch's call for hearings on the consumer plan. "There is $400 million at stake here," Shames said. SDG&E said yesterday that it had not received formal notification about the hearings, nor had it yet seen the alternative plan for paying the debt. A spokesman for the utility, however, repeated earlier comments that the company saw the alternative plan as an attempt to derail the PUC's process of considering the governor's plan. Lynch also said yesterday that the utilities commission would continue to challenge the more than $40 billion in long-term electricity contracts signed by the state during the crisis. Lynch said the agreements bind the state to overpriced power and are in violation of federal law requiring electricity rates to be "just and reasonable." The utilities commission president said the contracts may be even more expensive than earlier thought because at least some of the power they bind California to purchase is not needed. The extra costs would damage businesses and family budgets, she said. "If you have to pay three to four times more for energy, you don't have the money to grow your business or meet other needs of your family," Lynch said. She also defended action by the commission last week that effectively delayed the sale of $12.5 billion in state bonds needed to pay power costs. Lynch said the commission supported a legislative proposal for floating the bonds, which would separate them from the long-term power contracts. 
 Alternative SDG&E debt plan to get hearings Approval of the governor's plan for paying the $747 million debt SDG&E says it is owed by its customers appeared less certain yesterday, as the president of the state utilities commission said she planned to hold public hearings for an alternative proposal. Loretta Lynch, president of the California Public Utilities Commission, said in a local radio interview that regulators will hold hearings in San Diego regarding a plan from consumer groups that purports to save customers about $185 million more than the governor's proposal. The groups said the earlier plan negotiated between the governor and the utility would be costly for consumers and a windfall for San Diego Gas & Electric. At stake is how much SDG&E contributes and how much customers pay toward the debt, which accumulated in a so-called balancing account when SDG&E paid more for electricity than it was able to collect from customers during the power crisis. Despite the plan for hearings, Lynch told KPBS-FM radio that the commission would make a final decision about how to resolve the controversial $747 million debt by November. The governor and SDG&E announced their plan in June, saying it required the utility to contribute $319 million toward the debt and eliminated the balancing account without lengthy litigation or raising rates. Consumer groups, led by the San Diego-based Utility Consumers' Action Network, say the governor's plan does not go far enough, particularly because SDG&E earned an estimated $400 million in profits from the sale of electricity during the power crisis. Under the governor's plan, those profits are awarded to the company's shareholders, though SDG&E would use $219 million from the profits as part of its $319 million contribution toward the debt. Under the consumer groups' plan, SDG&E would be allowed to keep some of the profits, but it would contribute $72 million more than it would under the governor's plan. The alternative plan also would require the utility to make other monetary concessions. In a formal decision earlier this year, the California utilities commission said SDG&E's profits do belong to customers. SDG&E has sued to overturn the decision in court, but it has put the litigation on hold pending the utilities commission's resolution of the plan to pay the debt. Michael Shames, executive director of UCAN, said yesterday that he was encouraged by Lynch's call for hearings on the consumer plan. "There is $400 million at stake here," Shames said. SDG&E said yesterday that it had not received formal notification about the hearings, nor had it yet seen the alternative plan for paying the debt. A spokesman for the utility, however, repeated earlier comments that the company saw the alternative plan as an attempt to derail the PUC's process of considering the governor's plan. Lynch also said yesterday that the utilities commission would continue to challenge the more than $40 billion in long-term electricity contracts signed by the state during the crisis. Lynch said the agreements bind the state to overpriced power and are in violation of federal law requiring electricity rates to be "just and reasonable." The utilities commission president said the contracts may be even more expensive than earlier thought because at least some of the power they bind California to purchase is not needed. The extra costs would damage businesses and family budgets, she said. "If you have to pay three to four times more for energy, you don't have the money to grow your business or meet other needs of your family," Lynch said. She also defended action by the commission last week that effectively delayed the sale of $12.5 billion in state bonds needed to pay power costs. Lynch said the commission supported a legislative proposal for floating the bonds, which would separate them Sfrom the long-term power contracts. 
 I'm getting my suntan lotion and heading down there.... 
 Interesting.  What right does the PG&E creditor committee have to either 1) ask PG&E whether it's begun talks--informal or otherwise--with the PUC, and/or 2) request that PG&E begin talks?  I'm assuming that there may be some chance for #1, but very little, if any, for #2.  Thanks. Best, Jeff Edison pact could point way for PG&E The multibillion-dollar settlement between Southern California Edison and California regulators could ultimately ripple well beyond homes and businesses in the south state. It might form rough outlines for a deal that could pull Pacific Gas and Electric Co. out of bankruptcy without removing its assets from state regulation. The pact between Edison and the California Public Utilities Commission also might presage a nimbler PUC, one likelier to strike closed-door deals without its typical months of testimony, briefs and hearings. Along with its statewide impacts, which may not fully unfold for years, the settlement with the state's second-largest utility also raises uncertainties for its customers, who will pay billions to retire its debts. One week after a federal judge approved the $6.35 billion pact to restore Edison to financial health after wholesale power costs spiraled out of control, it is becoming increasingly clear that much of the cost will be born by south state consumers. From the start, the Edison rescue plan was a stealth settlement. It was negotiated in secret, approved in a closed meeting and so murky that days afterward, even some PUC analysts were still debating just how much money was involved. "It's definitely ambiguously worded," said Steve Linsey, a supervisor in the PUC's semi-independent Office of Ratepayer Advocates. On his first review of the deal, he thought about $1.7 billion would be paid by customers through future electric rates. But that figure will be at least $3.3 billion and probably higher, according to Edison and those who negotiated the deal for the PUC. "There seems to be a lot of off-the-books interpretation in a direction that is unfavorable to ratepayers," Linsey said. The PUC settlement emerged after the Senate and Assembly deadlocked over how much money should flow to Edison and what other benefits should be included for the company and some of its customers. In addition, the PUC gave Edison permission to use small and large customers' rates to collect much of the money to pay off back debts, bypassing legislative bargaining to shield residential consumers. And the PUC settlement took a much broader view of Edison's finances, sweeping in old debts and cash on hand, and then basically authorized a blueprint to pay off $6.35 billion in debts. About three-fourths of that amount -- $4.9 billion -- appears to come from the utility's customers. Edison's investors will pick up $1.5 billion -- $1.2 billion through eliminating shareholder dividends for three years, and $300 million as a company contribution. The clearest-cut customer contribution flows into a $3.3 billion pot to be filled by future electric bills, probably through the end of 2003. But that's not their only contribution. Another $1.6 billion would come from Edison's cash on hand, which includes money already collected from rates and loans that will eventually be repaid by customers. "In the end, you're right, the vast sum of money here comes from ratepayers," said Brian Bennett, Edison vice president of external affairs. But if Edison had won its suit, Bennett said, it would have been entitled to the full $6.35 billion, without its shareholders taking any hit at all. No one can know who would have won the Edison suit. Both sides say they had compelling legal arguments. So why did the PUC, after maintaining publicly for months that it would prevail, chose to settle? Partly, the commission was getting gloomy forecasts from the law firm it had hired, said PUC commissioner Richard Bilas. But he and others said there was another, looming fear. The PG&E bankruptcy reorganization plan, filed Sept. 20, called for shifting utility assets, including the company's hydroelectric plants, nuclear plant, and gas storage and pipeline network, to a firm free from state regulation. "People's calculus was shaken up by what PG&E did," said Mike Florio, an attorney for The Utility Reform Network, a consumer group. "It was just in the ether that 'oh God, there's something really ugly out there. We don't think they can get away with it, but we're not entirely sure.'" The reorganization plan would leave a new PG&E company free to set its own rates for power that its plants produce. That prospect horrifies regulators and lawmakers who have watched unregulated generators set market prices so high they crippled PG&E and Edison. They plan to fight PG&E's efforts, and one of their key tools could be showing the judge that the PUC has been able to salvage Edison while keeping it regulated. "They could say, 'judge, you don't have to do this bad deal that PG&E wants. We can work it out,'" said Randy Chinn, an adviser to state Sen. Debra Bowen, D-Marina del Rey. For its part, PG&E maintains that the PUC should have helped it out last fall with something similar to the Edison deal. But now, the utility said, it prefers its bankruptcy reorganization plan. PUC chief counsel Gary Cohen predicts that if the utility's efforts are rejected by the bankruptcy judge, PG&E will have to begin consultations with regulators for some sort of solution. "I think it would be smarter to be talking now," he said. A PG&E rescue wouldn't follow the Edison settlement exactly because PG&E's debts and costs are higher, Cohen said, but the PUC's goal would be the same goal it held for Edison: a healthy, regulated utility. Consumer groups have blasted the settlement for funneling money to Edison after the utility was allowed to essentially pad its bills during the late 1990s to position itself for deregulation. A PUC majority took a similar stance for more than a year -- until the Edison settlement. "We finally got to the point where we said look, we've seen the alternatives, and the alternatives are something like what PG&E is trying to do, or having the state take over the business of buying power," Cohen said. Most people at the commission, he said, concluded that a regulated utility looks much more appealing than unregulated power plants or the state Department of Water Resources, which has been buying power for cash-strapped utilities since January. Cohen, who orchestrated the Edison settlement negotiations, said they had to be kept quiet for fear that a leak could trigger a bankruptcy filing. Bilas said if it had leaked, so many people would have tried to stop the deal that it likely would have been torpedoed. At a closed session before approving it, he said, every commissioner worried aloud that they were sidestepping their own frequent calls for due process, full information and proper hearings. It is far too early to say whether more closed door deals will follow. Bilas, Florio and others predict the current PUC has little taste for them. But the five-member commission continues to evolve each time a term expires and the governor appoints a new commissioner. "It scares the hell out of me what a really pro-utility commission would do with this," said Florio, the consumer advocate. "This could be the beginning of something really ugly." In addition, if utilities see federal suits as way to slice through time-consuming PUC procedures, a flurry of suits could follow, said Linsey of the Ratepayer Advocates' Office. 
 Recognizing that it was Sue's idea (though I'm not sure, Sue, if you're referring to the DJ index or the bottoms-up approach), isn't it also true that Harry submitted some testimony more recently regarding the DJ index method, and didn't ARM more recently submit some bottoms-up testimony, comments, etc.?  Best, Jeff 
  Steve I haven't opened these, but let me know if this is the stuff.  Jeff 
 I'll have folks get those and forward them. Be back to you soon.  Jeff 
 I think that we should pursue both.  If we can convince the PUC that it's a good deal, and that it ought to include a dedicated rate component to cover it.  If the PUC agrees, then the rate component should cover PG&E's concern and they should be able to go forward.  Thoughts? 
 Thank you. 
 You getting these?  You care? 
 Hi Doug: Hope all is well.  Congratulations to you folks on your agreement with the PUC.  Must be a relief.  I was writing to get your reaction to the judge's proposed order in the El Paso case.  You think the Commission is likely to adopt it?  Change it?  Judge's proposal fatally flawed on the market power issue?  Appreciate your insights.  AND did you hear Bilas issued the our gas settlement as his proposed decision for adoption by the Commission at its 10.25.01 meeting!?!?!  What next?  Best, Jeff 
 Playboy Online staff cutbacks  Playboy Enterprises  plans to cut about a third of the jobs in its online division, according to the Wall Street Journal. As part of a company streamlining, a spokeswoman for the media company said 44 jobs are being eliminated in its online unit. Playboy Online had revenue of $13.1 million in the first six months of the year, and counts 95,000 paying subscribers to its service. "We're not a particularly ad-driven company, but we can look at the financial outlook as well as the next person, and we look at the economy and want to make sure we can weather it well," the spokeswoman told the Journal. 
 Greetings: I'm the only one who hasn't left yet for the dome.  If it's OK with you, I'd like to come by and pick up Annie.  Likely get there around 7:30.  That work for you? 
 I thought you'd never ask.  But, please, nothing special.  You know me.  I'm a Woodbridge kinda guy.... 
 Thanks for the reply.  Agree the settlement is not nearly all that it could have been, but sure beats what we've got, it seems. If there's something you think that we can do to help in the GCIM case, please let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Can't wait (smarty pants).  See you soon.  Thanks for the invite.  You'll be happy to know, Atlanta won.  Swept those pesky Astros in 3.  Best, Jeff 
 OK, dude.  Now that I'm a full-fledged slacker, please tell me how much you need us to contribute for the weekend, which I'll add on to the $65 you paid for the guitar.  If I'm missing any other expenses, please let me know and tack them on.  It was alot of fun.  Thanks so much for inviting us.  Best, Jeff 
 I said on this AM's call that today is the deadline for Davis to sign or veto bills. That was not entirely correct. That deadline applies only to so-called "regular session" bills. The bill in question (SB18XX--Burton) was passed as part of the Legislature's "emergency," or "special," session. Apparently, "emergency session" bills do not fall under the October 15th deadline. Davis has nonetheless said he intends to veto the bill, though the pressure to renegotiate the contracts is increasing from all sides. We'll report back on signing deadlines for bills passed on as part of the "emergency" session. Bottom line: Today's deadline for regular session bills does not apply to SB18xx, or to other emergency session bills.  Best, Jeff 
 It's safer there. 
 Doesn't this constitute a change in Edison's position, i.e., I thought they'd indicated that everyone would be paid by end of Q1'03.  Now it appears they're saying that suppliers will get paid by year-end '03.  Am I missing something?  Thanks for the info.  Best, Jeff 
 Hap:  Let's discuss further, but my reaction is that, while we don't need to--and shouldn't--actively and openly support John's letter, I don't believe that we should do anything to oppose, or prevent, John from releasing it.  Do you have particular concerns? I'll call you to discuss further.  Best, Jeff 
 Were you on call this morning?  It was pretty interesting.  If you weren't on, I'd like to discuss a couple of topics that came up.  Best, Jeff 
 That's fine.  Not critical.  Jeff 
 Thanks. 
 No problem. 
 Greetings Ms Ryall:  Wondering if you ever managed to get a hold of Ms Doll.  No rush, no panic.  Just want to keep the ball rolling.  Thanks again for all your help.  Best, Jeff 
 It was really fun.  Thanks so much for inviting us.  It was great to get to play together.  I'll get Scott a check for our share of the goodies.  Thanks again.  Best, Jeff 
  Greetings: Could I get an electronic copy of your request to the CPUC to extend Gas Accord until 2005?  You think they'll approve?  When are comments due?  We want to support you.  Best, Jeff 
 Yeah.  Ask me how happy I am to be back at work, with a midterm in finance tomorrow nite. Sigh...  Tried to call you guys yesterday to see if you wanted to stop by your folks to have abalone, but only got your voicemail.  I'm sure you were glad just to get home and relax. 
 Sounds good.  No rush, though.  If she's not in till the 22nd, we have some time to plan.  Best, Jeff 
 John Wayne at his spookiest.  4 stars. 
 FYI.  Update on windfall profits bills. 
 This work for you?  Lemme know.  Best, Jeff 
 On another "food for thought" note.  Eldon and Nancy:  Here's the WSJ editorial by Scott Simon--long-time NPR dude, credentialed lib, and Quaker--on "just wars."  Sort of thought-provoking.  Best, Jeff  October 11, 2001 Commentary Even Pacifists Must Support This War  By Scott Simon, the host of National Public Radio's "Weekend Edition With Scott Simon."  Pacifists often commit the same mistake as generals: They prepare for the last war, not the next one. Many of the peace activists I have seen trying to rouse opposition to today's war against terrorism remind me of a Halloween parade. They put on old, familiar-looking protest masks -- against American imperialism, oppression and violence -- that bear no resemblance to the real demons haunting us now.  Pacifism has never been exactly popular. But when I became a Quaker as an adolescent in the late 1960s, pacifism seemed to offer a compelling alternative to the perpetuity of brute force. Mahatma Gandhi had overthrown an empire and Martin Luther King had overturned a racial tyranny with nonviolent marches, fasts, and boycotts that were nervy, ennobling and effective. Pacifism seemed to offer a chance for survival to a generation that had been stunted by the fear of nuclear extinction.  I worked as a war reporter, but I never saw a conflict between this and being a Quaker. If my reporting was sometimes drawn more to human details than to the box-score kind of war coverage, those details struck me as critical to explaining war. I never covered a conflict -- whether in Central America, the Caribbean, Africa or the Middle East -- that seriously shook my religious convictions. In fact, most conflicts seemed to prove how war was rotten, wasteful and useless. El Salvador's civil war killed 70,000 people over nine years. It was hard to see how the political compromise that ended the conflict could not have been reached after just six months. But in the 1990s, I covered the Balkans. In Sarajevo, Srebrenica, and Kosovo, I confronted the logical flaw (or perhaps I should say the fatal flaw) of nonviolent resistance: All the best people can be killed by all the worst ones. I had never believed that pacifism had all the answers; neither does militarism. About half of all draft age Quakers enlisted in World War II, believing that whatever wisdom pacifism had to give the world, it could not defeat the murderous schemes of Adolf Hitler and his cohorts.  It seems to me that in confronting the forces that attacked the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, American pacifists have no sane alternative now but to support war. I don't consider this reprisal or revenge, but self-defense: protecting the world from further attacks by destroying those who would launch them.  Some peace activists, their judgment still hobbled by shock, seem to believe that the attacks against New York and Washington were natural disasters: terrible, unpredictable whirlwinds that struck once and will not reoccur.  This is wrong. We know now that there has been an ongoing violent campaign aimed at bringing down diverse nations, with none being more gloriously speckled than the U.S. People who try to hold certain American policies or culture responsible are trying to decorate the crimes of psychotics with synthetic political significance.  In 1933 the Oxford Student Union conducted a famous debate over whether it was moral for Britons to fight for king and country. The exquisite intellects of that leading university reviewed the many ways in which British colonialism exploited and oppressed the world. They cited the ways in which vengeful demands made of Germany in the wake of World War I had helped to kindle nationalism and fascism. They saw no moral difference between Western colonialism and world fascism. The Oxford Union ended that debate with this famous proclamation: "Resolved, that we will in no circumstances fight for king and country."  Von Ribbentrop sent back the good news to Germany's new chancellor, Hitler: The West will not fight for its own survival. Its finest minds will justify a silent surrender.  In short, the best-educated young people of their time could not tell the difference between the deficiencies of their own nation, in which liberty and democracy were cornerstones, and a dictatorship founded on racism, tyranny and fear.  And what price would those who urge reconciliation today pay for peace? Should Americans impose a unitary religious state, throw women out of school and work, and rob other religious groups of their rights, so that we have the kind of society the attackers accept? Do pacifists really want to live in the kind of world that the terrorists who hit the World Trade Center and Pentagon would make?  Pacifists do not need any lectures about risking their lives to stop wickedness. Quakers resisted slavery by smuggling out slaves when even Abraham Lincoln tried to appease the Confederacy. Pacifists sneaked refugee Jews out of Germany when England and the U.S. were still trying to placate Hitler. Many conscientious objectors have served bravely in gritty and unglamorous tasks that aided the U.S. in time of war.  But those of us who have been pacifists must admit that it has been our blessing to live in a nation in which other citizens have been willing to risk their lives to defend our dissent. The war against terrorism does not shove American power into places where it has no place. It calls on America's military strength in a global crisis in which peaceful solutions are not apparent. Only American (and British) power can stop more killing in the world's skyscrapers, pizza parlors, embassies, bus stations, ships, and airplanes. Pacifists, like most Americans, would like to change their country in a thousand ways. And the blasts of Sept. 11 should remind American pacifists that they live in that one place on the planet where change -- in fact, peaceful change -- seems most possible. It is better to sacrifice our ideals than to expect others to die for them. 
 Wait.  You mean that the first time you've seen John Wayne in a movie, or John Wayne being spooky? 
 u aware of whalley meeting this pm re: settle SCE claims?  jeff 
 rent "true grit."  very cool. I highly recommend--from a great coming-of-age girl's novel.  also try "wake of the red witch."  and, of course, "stagecoach." 
 FYI.  Some interesting tid-bits from CMTA. 
 tribolet didn't know about it.  might just be the "small" whalley group. I'll chk back with calger tomorrow am to see.  jeff 
 I'm still in for golf if you are.  I'll bring some knitting in case you decide to bail... 
 Talked at length with Mark Baldwin today.  Could you give me a call when you get a chance to discuss?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff  415.782.7822 
 hey LOL: please tell leeeen that you're faxing it.  thanks.  AY 
 Hi Jane:  I'd planned to attend SoCal's meeting on Thursday, but it now appears I may have a conflict.  Do you plan on attending?  If so, could you gather up an additional set of anything they hand out for me?  Given the controversy around SoCal's "windows," it will be interesting to see how this works out.  Best, Jeff 
 Burbank's the ticket.  Can you get there direct?  If not, let's do LAX, but Burbank is preferrable.  Less of a zoo.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Glen: Two things.  1) If you'd like me to join in on the call on Wednesday to determine what TW should do regarding the re-surfacing of the SoCal settlement, I'd be happy to join.  Just let me know.  2) Are you going to the SoCal "no more windows" meeting on Thursday?  I'd planned to go but it looks like I might have a conflict now.  I'd like to get a copy of anything they hand out at the meeting.  And if anyone provides any summaries, that would also be useful.  Let me know if you plan to attend.  If you don't, know sweat.  Best, Jeff 
   Hi Evie:  Two quick things:  1) My understanding is that the PUC has denied the applications for rehearing.  There's a group that is fixing to take it to the court of appeals level--can't see any downside ( a) argument is that the PUC erred in its decisionmaking--no record, no facts, no evidence, etc., and that it needs to go back to the drawing board and get the process right before it suspends anything--and b) the heavy-lifting was already done getting the app. for rehrng prepared).  Seems like getting a chance to re-argue at the PUC has alot of positives.  Were you planning on doing anything?  2) I want to talk to Michael Alcantar about some interesting QF ideas, but wanted to check with you first.  Frankly, I'm ignorant as to whether that still occupies a big spot on his plate, if he represents the same folks, etc., and thought I'd check with you first.  Hope (all things considered) you're doing well.  Best, Jeff 
 thanks. 
 check's in the mail.  i made it an even $150.  Let me know if that works. Scala's the Eye-talian place that's kitty-korner from Willow, right?  Coming soon, this hip chef (and part owner of the Willow) is opening up a competing place right across the street from Willow.  Should be interesting.  We gotta dive again before the season's out. (If I can find the freakin' licenses.  I'll start looking in earnest.)  Yeah, we gotta finish the job.  You take out the WTC, you gotta pay.  Best, Jeff 
 Forgive me.  Can't recall if I already responded. Not sure if there's a simple, concise summary ("concise" just doesn't seem compatible with CA's siting process), but let me do a little poking around and get back to you.  Best, Jef 
 Thanks very much.  I was looking forward to meeting you as well.  I plan on coming to Houston soon, and I'll look you up when I'm there.  Best, Jeff 
 Just give a call when you get a chance.  I'm in.  415.782.7822.  Best, Jeff 
 Well, I guess my good friend Jerry's a little to busy these days.  I'm going to contact another lawyer who represents some big QFs and then loop back with Jerry.  Best, Jeff 
 Sounds like a plan. 
 The best I've ever had in my whole entire life, anywhere in the world.  Seriously, I think the guests--including me--thought that it was fabulous. I know Prentice finished hers, so I assume she liked it.  Cameron......well, you'll have to ask her.  The mango chutney combined with the curry was, like, death raging, man.  Best, Jeff 
 I think it would be great for us to have one.  Man, it's tough using that thing.  You gals sounded great from Prentice's bedroom when you were doing the final cuts.  Are we getting a copy?  Might be nice to have a copy of the "raw" tape.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, Evie.  1) If someone writes a decent appeal, might you folks be interested in signing? 2) Do you have Michael's # where I can reach him tomorrow.  Sorry for the bother.  And if you'd like to hear about what we're thinking about regarding QFs, be happy to share it with you as well.  Be safe, Jeff 
 Thanks.  I think that's, well, a very aggressive view of how IOU debt and past and forward DWR costs are likely to be treated.  Be happy to discuss further if you like.  Best, Jeff 
 Just let me know. 
 left message for calger.  will call when i hear back from him. jeff 
 Missed the analyst call.  What was your take?  And you hearing that Lay's calling Edison today?  Best, Jeff 
 ditto.  got a little choked up...  best, Jeff 
 Tribolet sez he doesn't know anything about the Lay/Edison call, but he said Wanda mentioned something about it.  You may want to check in with her.  I'm still waiting to hear from Calger.  Best, Jeff 
 did you hear that commerce1 announced today that it's laying off 50% of its people?  sounds very ugly.  but i guess that means less competition for you.  best, Jeff 
 Didn't see the release.  They gonna be a softwary provider, or something? 
 In response to the Commission's suspension of DA, numerous market participants--including Enron--filed "Petitions for Rehearing." The California PUC has issued a decision denying the petitions. Many of those participants are likely to file for appellate court review of the Commission's denial. In its decision denying the Petitions, the Commission did however modify its initial decision in several respects. Key among those is a modification regarding facility adds. Those comments refer to the ability to continue to submit DASRs for new facilities under contracts signed prior to September 20th that provide for facility adds. The Commission agreed and has ordered the utilities to accept DASRs for facility adds under contract terms executed prior to 10.20.01.  The precise language is cited below. If you would like a copy of the decision, please contact Joseph Alamo.  Best, Jeff  "We reaffirm that for the time being, and unless the Commission states otherwise in a subsequent decision, utilities are required to process DASRs relating to contracts or agreements that were executed on or before September 20th, 2001, including DASRs for service to new facilities or accounts if the underlying contract pursuant to which those DASRs are submitted allowed for the provision of that additional service.  Thus, for example, with respect to the specific ESP contract described by UC/CSU in their rehearing application, the utilities are required to accept, even after September 20, 2001, any DASRs they receive that legitimatley relate to that contract...[W]e want to make it clear that...utilities cannot set a deadline after which they could refuse to process DASRs relating to contracts executed on or before September 20, 2001."  pp 20-21 
 DWR filed comments with the California PUC today urging the Commission to adopt a July 1 suspension date. In addition, DWR takes the position that, if the Commission does not enact a July 1 retroactive suspension date, the Commission should require that all customers who went DA after July 1 pay a proportionate share of the bonds and DWR going-forward contracts. Customers and providers will strongly oppose DWR's proposal at the PUC.  Best, Jeff 
 Just a reminder:  Beginning tomorrow, the (formerly twice-weekly) California call will now take place once per week, on Wednesdays, at the same time (11:30 AM PDT/1:30 CDT), same call-in number. Until the next legislative session starts up in January, the call will be optional for the gang in Sacramento, unless something specific requires their participation.  Best, Jeff 
 thank you. 
 great.  see you at 4:30 today. 
 Looks like Prentice and Nancy will be getting together in Napa to do a little bonding this weekend.  Therefore, it looks like an opportunity to golf on Saturday or Sunday (screw football).  Any takers?  (Eldon has promised not to be the score Nazi.)  Best, Jeff 
 Folks: Before filing comments on Bilas' proposal to modify our settlement with SoCal and vote it out on the 25th, I wanted to get a sense of how folks feel about it generally.  Hope all is well.  Best, Jeff 
 what stuff? 
 I'd like to keep this confidential, but someone inside PG&E's gas group (for what it's worth) told me that participants will have a choice under PG&E's proposed extension of its Gas Accord.  Either the participant can retain the capacity for the term of the extension (less the cost escalators in the original deal) or release the capacity back to PG&E with no penalty.  I'll try to confirm that this is the view among most in PG&E.  Best, Jeff 
     1)Market concentration limits reduced from 40% to 30 % of available receipt point capacity. P.44  2)SoCal will be required to make available on a daily basis any unutilized firm RP capacity. P.45  3)Price Cap for secondary intrastate market set at 120 % of SoCal firm rate. This is the same cap that applies to SoCal.P.46  4)Bilas mentions support for Hector Rd. as a delivery/receipt at Ferc.  5)PD does not reduce the core's interstate capacity nor their storage capacities but rather maintains these capacities at current levels. Current level 1044 MMcfd, proposed 1000 MMcfd on the interstate system and current storage 70 BCF, 327 MMcfd of injection and 1,935 MMcfd withdrawal Vs proposed 55 BCF. P.52 &54.  6) CTA's (Core Transport Agents) allowed to reject only their prorata share of non-reliability storage service.P. 58  7) SoCal directed to present(via Advice Ltr.) how the cost of noncore default balancing will be allocated ONLY to those noncore customer using this service and not to the Core customers.P.62  8)PD rejects the requirement that SoCal/SDG&E file an application with a proposal to address core procurement function as the default provider. P.63  9)Preserves the right for SoCal/SDG&E to seek recovery of expenditures associated with the transfers of customers from Core to Core Aggregator. P.66  10)PD orders a 10 % cap on ITCS (stranded cost)responsibility borne by bundled core customers due to unbundled core interstate capacity. P. 75  11) PD orders that the core contribution to noncore ITCS will end effective the adoption of the PD. Additionally, noncore customers to pay 50% of core ITCS till the end of the core TW and EPNG agreements. The PD estimates an additional $18 million over next 5 to 6 years. P. 78 The PD provides an estimate of increased stranded cost for the noncore between 01 and 06 to be approx. $ 44.4 Million.  12) PD say NO to an increase in the core brokerage fee of $ 0.0039 (to $2.4 cents).P.83.  13) PD treats Core Subscription service differently on an accounting basis. P.85-87  14)Generally, the PD makes some administrative changes to the small core/ESP market rules and SoCal services and consumer protection implementation . P 88-100.  15)Lots of tweaking on how SoCal can recover the cost to implement to services envisioned under the CSA. P. 103-110. 
 Yesterday, we reached agreement with the Senate regarding the terms and conditions under which the company would provide information to Senator Dunn's committee investigating wholesale price spikes. In return, Dunn agreed to have is committee formally withdraw all contempt actions against Enron. This morning, Dunn convened his committee and the committee formally withdrew the contempt actions. A story related to the deal is attached. If you have any questions, just let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Chris: A little background (recaps briefly what we discussed on the phone on Monday): A few weeks ago, we (government affairs) approached John Fielder of Edison to see if there was any chance that Edison might be willing to reach a deal on our Negative CTC/PX credit claim. After discussions with RAC, we offered to take 90 cents on the dollar for amounts owed through March 1. (There's general agreement with Edison on what the number is up to January 17, which would only leave 1.17--3.1 in dispute.  But recall there's still the FERC refund issue which complicates the issue.) We asked for 10% down immediately and a binding agreement that Edison would pay us by a date certain sometime in the next quarter. In exchange, we said we'd drop our law suits at the PUC. In one suit, we're asking the PUC to have Edison pay us. In the other, we've stopped paying Edison for transportation costs until the PUC gets Edison to pay us.  We're depositing what we owe Edison in an escrow account pending resolution. We also agreed to work with Edison to get the PUC to end the whole residual CTC/PX credit framework retroactive to March 1, 2001.  (That would reduce Edison's exposure to negative CTC and our exposure to positive CTC.) For his part, Fielder was looking (in addition) for 1) an agreement on our part to forebear, and 2) an agreement that everyone, including DA customers, should pay what they rightly owe for a) Edison's undercollection, b) the bonds, and c) DWR's stranded contract costs. We never resumed the talks in earnest because soon after our talk, Edison struck its bailout deal with the PUC.  With respect to what else we could offer them: From a commercial standpoint, I'm sure you're scouring that front, and I may not have much to add.  But given the credit risk associated with the utility and Edison's other subs, devising a commercial option to help settle the negative CTC claim seems like a challenge. One possible avenue might be the $250 MM in hedging activity the PUC agreed to in its bailout settlement with Edison.  Edison is authorized to hedge its generation and QF fuel costs for up to $250 MM under the settlement. (But this would expose us to PUC regulatory risk, in addition to Edison's credit risk.) Another commercial angle might be Mission Energy, but again, not sure how much better Mission fares from a credit perspective. One idea that we've bounced around that might appeal to Edison--but may or may not be appealing to us--us is to agree to take a note from Edison.  That is, in return for 100 cents on the dollar, we'd agree to take, for example, a 3-year note at some agreed to coupon. This should appeal to Edison since 1) it takes us off the list of folks who might take them in, 2) it might provide a useful template that Edison could use with other creditors, and 3) it lessens the overall financing Edison needs to arrange (bridge loan, etc.) in the near-term to pay its creditors. The "note" angle could be packaged up with the other regulatory issues explored in the first call with Fielder.  Hope this helps.  Best, Jeff 
 Cool.  If $150 don't cut it on the check, just let me know.  No sweat.  EVERYTHING is confidential. 
 We might be able to communicate this less formally through our lobbyists.  If it's OK, let me check with them first, and then I'll get back to you.  Sound good?  Best, Jeff 
 Ridota's a tough customer.  Very political type--knee-capper from the Wilson administration who was involved in the conflicts between Fessler and Knight, large customers and utilities, etc.  DA and Dereg done right (i.e., California never de-regulated) sound good.  May want to add the great job Davis did at locking a generation of Californians into $46 billion of contracts.  Maybe, on the energy issue, Riordin wants to look like a statesman, saying that if he were governor, he'd get everyone to the table to settle this thing once and for all--law suits, bad DWR contracts, ensuring customers have choices. 
 Greetings.  I can make it.  Is there a specific topic/agenda?  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Rita:  Not sure if I did this right.  Was the idea to rank no more than 5, using 1= -5, or more the way I did it.  Just let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks. 
 Any reason in particular that you're of this view?  (I'm hoping you'll say that Edison's informed you that it might be doable.) 
 I like Saturday afternoon after your lesson, since we've got a wedding at 3 pm on Sunday to go to. 
 I think Sanders has always thought that the Reliant deal offers sufficient protections.  Not sure that Kirby and Gibb agree.  We'll have to wait and see.  Best, Jeff 
 that's what i was afraid of. i'll try again and resend.  sorry about that.  Best, Jeff 
 I'll take care of it and if there's anything we need to do, I'll let you know.  Best, Jeff 
 You got it. You're right, distribution lists are a challenge.  I'll make sure that you and these folks get on the list.  Hope all finds you well.  Best, Jeff 
 Here's the suggested plan to try to make our weekly calls as efficient, painless and useful as possible.  All other ideas, thoughts, comments, etc., are welcome.  We'll set up a recurring call-in number (for Thursday's at 8:30 AM, i.e., same number every week) It will be assumed that everyone will call in; no pre-meeting prep necessary. If someone doesn't call in, it will be assumed that the person has a conflict and can't make it (giving the benefit of the doubt is a virtue). Those that do call in will conduct the call.  (Again, the assumption is that, save for minor exceptions, everyone will be on the call.)  Thoughts?  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Glen: Good call this AM.  Mike Day is in fact writing some comments on behalf of Wild Goose and there may be some interest from other folks to sign on and file jointly.  However, Mike won't have something to look at before COB tomorrow, and it's unclear at this point how many folks might sign on.  So I think it's prudent to continue drafting TW's comments.  As soon as I get something from Mike Day, I'll forward to you so you folks can review.  Best, Jeff 
 DWR can meet with us on October 22nd. This work for you folks?  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Elyse: I work in government affairs in San Francisco.  Dave Parquet (VP, Western Origination) has been approached by a California state legislator to participate in a golf tournament, the proceeds of which will go to a children's charity (Dave, correct me if I got it wrong).  The legislator is someone who has been and will likely continue to be supportive of Dave's on-going commercial activities and Dave would like to participate.  I've been informed that this could fall under the sorts of activities that community affairs has resources for.  Is that right?  Thanks for the help.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Hilda: I got an "out of office" reply from Elyse that mentions that you're the contact in her absense.  Please see the note below.  Best, Jeff 
 Yes. 
 FYI. 
 thank you. 
 FYI.  Today, the PG&E Corporation Board of Directors elected Dede Hapner, currently Vice President -Regulatory Relations of Pacific Gas and Electric Company, as Vice President - Special Projects, for PG&E Corporation, effectively immediately.  Dede will report to Steve Kline and will be located in the PG&E Corporation Washington D.C. office.  Karen Tomcala, currently Director, Federal Governmental and Regulatory Relations of PG&E Corporation, was elected today by the Pacific Gas and Electric Company Board to replace Dede. 
 Might be able to do Sunday morning.  Eldon's going to check and see if there's a tee time.  Will report back as the news breaks. 
 Thank very much Joseph.  Alan and Sue, I'm comfortable canceling tomorrow's call unless either of you have a burning issue to discuss.  We can start with the new arrangements beginning next Thursday, assuming that works for folks.  Best, Jeff 
 I think Sue should come down with something (I know I would).  Horowitz? Eegads. He will be relentless...  Looks like this group likes a good food fight. 
 party pooper. (i understand. always more complicated than necessary.) 
 Interesting.  Question 1: Please explain the following line from your note: "I really need to get certified for diving."  Question 2: How hot is it down there?  Question 3: Cheap is good, but if you're going to travel that far to dive, is the diving good there, or is there another place (like Beliz) where the diving is supposed to be killer? 
 My consultant buddy, Tom Beach is the technical consultant for Jerry Bloom's organization, the California Cogeneration Coalition (or something like that).  About 1000 MW of cogen throughout the state.  I've tentatively set up a meeting with him for Wednesday at 11 AM.  So we can do Alcantar at 9, and Tom at 11.  That work?  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Rachel:  John White asked me to contact you.  He said you could email me a copy of the letter that you and Sarah are working on regarding Carl Wood's statements about green direct access.  Is possible to get a copy emailed?  Thanks very much for your help.  Best, Jeff 
 Great.  Tom will get back to me to confirm that 11 AM works for him.  I'll let you know.  Best, Jeff 
 Speech apparently was not quite as sharp as recent ones, but heard the event overall was very good. 
 Hope you're well.  best, Jeff 
 Bev: Based on yesterday's conversation, we've set up a call for 2 PM California time on Friday.  Here's the call-in info.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks very much. 
 Tee hee.  More questions to follow.  Can't wait for the answers.... 
 interesting.  thanks. 
 FYI.  Latest info is that large customers, some QF cogens, independent storage companies, and perhaps PG&E, will be filing separate comments supporting the Bilas decision to adopt the settlement. 
 Mike Day's firm could do it, but they'll charge for the adminstrative costs necessary to file (we don't have the support necessary to file).  Does that work?  If so, I'll need to contact Mike promptly so they can get prepared to do the filing.  No word yet as to whether SoCalGas will support. 
 PS  The cost of having Day's firm file for you folks wouldn't be more than $100-200. 
 Thanks.  Sorry for the latest. Was on the road this morning. 
  good, since i don't think riordan would take me.  best,jeff 
 that sounds sweet.  if you can get tickets for me and prentice, i'm happy to pay for them.  just let me know. 
 Jeff Dasovich Enron Corp 101 California Street, Suite 1950 San Francisco, CA  94111 
 Super. Dave will get back to you with the details.  Thanks for your help.  Best, Jeff 
 Look like the stuff? 
 ditto? 
 I assume that you don' t need Mike Day to file TW's comments.  You got it covered?  Just let me know.  Jeff 415.782.7822 
 Eldon's got a 9:20 AM time on Monday morning, if you're interested. 
 http://www.franklinbowlesgallery.com/home.html 
 FYI. SoCalGas is filing in favor of the decision adopting the settlement.  Best, Jeff 
 The state treasurer sent a letter this afternoon to Loretta Lynch. The treasurer claims in the letter that, by extending DA  through Sept. 20th, the PUC could have shifted more than $8 billion to small customers. He urges Lynch to immediately roll back the date to July 1. We have started working with large customers to refute the letter. If you would like a copy of the letter, please send your fax number to Joseph Alamo.  Best, Jeff 
 Jesus, I'm on acid.  I meant Sunday morning. 
 Here is a brief summary of the latest DA proposal floating around the Senate.  The provisions could--and likely will--change.  The leader of the Senate (Burton) is still expressing opposition to DA, so its fate remains unclear.  No suspension of DA. All customers must pay Edison undercollection, whether they've been DA or not. Customers going DA must first clear any payables to DWR for power previously consumed but not full paid for. Customers going DA must pay for DWR's stranded power costs caused by the customer leaving, UNLESS DWR has a net short position, in which case there would be no stranded costs and therefore no fees. The bill allows customers to file a complaint with the PUC regarding DWR's claims of stranded costs. Customers who choose green DA power (defined as 80% renewable) will be exempt from stranded cost fees so long as green DA load does not exceed DWR's net short position. 
 We'll continue to scour the universe for it. 
 Forgive my ignorance, but I'm assuming that "related party transactions" refers to the Fastow deals? 
 I THINK this is where I'll be this week.  San Francisco:  Mon-Thur Friday:		Palm Springs at the conference I'm speaking at with EES 
 Every Monday at 10:30 AM (Houston time), which is, more or less, a company-wide call. Every Wednesday at 1:30 PM (Houston time), which is a Government Affairs-only call.  Those are it.  If there's anything else, just let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm sure that by now everyone's seen the letter that Angelides sent to Loretta last Friday.  If you haven't, let me know and I'll have it faxed to you.  In short, Angelides blames all of the financial woes of the State on Loretta and the PUC.  Specifically, he claims that by allowing DA sign-ups to extend to September 20th, the PUC may have shifted over $8 billion to "homeowners, small businesses, and other enterprises..."  Angelides ends the lettery by urging the Commission to immediately roll back the DA suspension date to July 1.  The concern, of course, is that Angelides' assertions are out there and have received alot of press attention, i.e., Direct Access=$8 billion tax on homeowners.  To her credit, Loretta refuted Angelides in the press accounts and repeated that the best way to get costs down is to renegotiate the DWR contracts.  She also said in the press accounts that she intends to deal with the July 1/September 20 suspension issue at the next commission meeting.  In light of these events (and the increasing attacks on Loretta by Angelides and others in the Administration) It might be useful to give Loretta an assist by drafting a very brief letter to her stating:  Angelides is all wet--DA and "fairness" are not mutually exclusive and the PUC has all the regulatory tools necessary to ensure fairness is maintained going forward.  Thus, the 8 plus billion dollar number is without basis. Re-stating that the PUC has no legal authority to retroactively suspend DA to July 1, etc., etc.  Folks may have other points to make.  Seems that we'd want to keep the letter short and to the point, however.  A letter might be useful in order to 1) give Loretta some support and 2) get some counter-press in response to the Angelides tantrum.  Any thoughts?  Best, Jeff 
 I'll be on. 
 FYI.  If I've missed anyone who might be interested, please forward along. Best, Jeff CALIFORNIA ENERGY MARKETS Friday, October 19, 2001 [1] Power Authority Faces Legislative Backlash After a three-month honeymoon, the new California Power Authority is being shredded in the winds of politics this week with the Legislature looking into its deals, the California Energy Commission annoyed with its monopolizing ventures and the Department of Water Resources rebuffing its plan to sell its power through state contracts. Other than skepticism from legislative staff about its microturbine bid plan, the Power Authority escaped major problems in its requests for bids for photovoltaics and fuel cells at [18]. [18] Assembly to Investigate Power Authority (from [1]) Is the California Power Authority a dangerously out-of-control state agency, or is it the best hope for get-ting back some state control over electricity supplies? The Joint Legislative Audit Committee is looking into the Power Authority's role thus far in carrying out the letter and spirit of SBx2-6 in a hearing set for November 1. The move is spearheaded by the offices of Assem-blymember Fred Keeley (D-Boulder Creek), the chair of the joint committee, and Assembly speaker Bob Hertzberg (D-Van Nuys). Both members were princi-pal authors of the Power Authority's enabling legisla-tion, SBx2-6. Legislative staff are questioning the Energy Foundation's unpaid role in devel-oping the Power Authority's requests for bids, particularly the RFB for microtur-bines. Only one com-pany, Capstone, can meet the requirement written into the RBF by the Energy Foundation, and staff are looking into potential overlaps between Capstone and the Energy Foundation. Political maneuvers are swirling around the Con-sumer Power and Conservation Financing Authority. Not only elected officials are concerned; the staff and heads of other agencies the Power Authority must work with are digging in their collective heels to op-pose Power Authority overtures. Tom Hannigan, di-rector of the Department of Water Resources rebuffed Power Authority board chair David Freeman's pro-posal to have it buy peaker output. California Energy Commission members said they are at policy odds with the Power Authority's siting plans. In an October 4 letter to Freeman, Hannigan said that the Power Authority's power-wind and fossil peakers-is likely too expensive, overblown and not able to respond quickly enough to balancing power needs. "The letters of intent already approved by the Power Authority could far exceed [DWR's] ability to ab-sorb that power given the outlook for net-short need." Freeman assumes that the market for Power Authority power will be via contract, not the spot market. "Selling on the spot market is difficult to finance and risky," said Power Authority spokesperson Amber Pasricha. The Power Authority is the only agency cur-rently in the position of actually being able to acquire new energy as the state's $12.5 billion bond issue to underwrite continued DWR power purchases is in limbo and the California Independent System Operator is still not creditworthy. Still, the Power Authority cannot issue bonds until it has its own economic house in order, and an Assembly investigation might jeopardize that [J.A. Savage]. [ 
 10-ish percent. 
 FYI.  Note below that even the mighty and powerful Power Authority's own crackerjack analysis asserts that there is still a net short (despite DWR contracts and DA "stampede"), which should leave one to believe that, contrary to Angelides' letter, the more the DA the better. Which further supports Loretta Lynch's response to the Angelides' letter that DA reduces the amount of spot power DWR has to buy. Best, Jeff CONSUMER POWER AND CONSERVATION FINANCING AUTHORITY Pace of Power Authority Renewable Portfolio Agenda is Slowed Quite possibly the most significant action taken at the October 19 Consumer Power and Conservation Financing Authority (Power Authority) was its inaction on contracts proposed for approval. The Power Authority has aggressively pursued a broad renewable portfolio, with the intent to approve contracts as soon as possible. Instead of approving a number of contracts on its October 19 agenda, the Power Authority deferred calendared decisions on request for bids until its November 2 meeting, acknowledging that no action can be taken until the Department of Water Resources (DWR) rate agreement stalemate has been resolved. Chairman Freeman stated that the Public Utility Commission's rejection of the rate agreement has created an obstacle for the Power Authority to exercise renewable contracts, to contract for peaker generation and/or to implement demand side programs. The Power Authority relies upon DWR's credit to fund these programs, and until a rate agreement is finalized the Power Authority cannot sign contracts. Freeman indicated that the Power Authority has signed letters of intent to purchase output from 14 biomass facilities in the Central Valley, as well as 400 MW generated by wind. With the Current Glut of Contracts, Why Do We Need Additional Reserves? Kellan Flukinger, Senior Advisor to Chairman Freeman and Laura Doll, provided a detailed presentation explaining why he believes the Power Authority must contract for additional renewable and peaking generation. Flukinger believes that despite direct access and the current glut of electricity supplied in long-term contracts, there still appears to be a net short of a few thousand megawatts within the State. Flukinger concluded that the State still is at the mercy of electric generators who are not subject to PUC regulatory authority and who have no real obligation to build and maintain new facilities or to serve customers within the State. He believes that the short-term contracts and spot purchases leave the state vulnerable to price-spikes and supply shortages. He believes that the reserve can be managed through Time-of-Use and Real-Time-Pricing, conservation, interruptibles, demand side management, renewables and peakers. Power Authority Names William Barry as Chief Financial Officer William Barry was approved as Chief Financial Officer of the Power Authority at its October 19 Board meeting in Sacramento. Mr. Barry currently works for the City of San Francisco, and has worked in the past for the New York Power Authority. 
 Barry:  Good to meet you last week.  I'm out of the office until Monday, but will get on this as soon as I return.  Of this group, Dynegy is involved in the State Senate's investigation.  Best, Jeff 
 This is the last straw:  Peace just called to thank us for resolving the contempt issue.  He then went on ad nauseum--and I mean nauseum--about just about everything in the world.  Unreal.  I told him that in exchange, we expected him to get rid of Bill Lockyear.  Richard:  He complained a little about Kirby.  I told him Kirby was worth his weight in gold.  Best, Jeff 
 You get a hold of Bob Williams? 
 Hey, I was wrong. I went back and checked.  DA got as high as about 16% of total load in May 2000.  On January 1 (contracry to Herr Angelides' letter), DA was about 7.3% of load.  On February 1 it was 3.5%.  Best, Jeff 
 this is true.  good point. 
 FYI.  Here's a note I sent to the large customers.  Have spoken with them since.  They are going to write a nasty letter in response to Angelides.  Also, it does not appear that the PUC can act at this meeting on the retroactivity issue--appears that due process/notice requirements prevents it.  We're double checking to make sure.  Best, Jeff 
 congratulations.  just more evidence that regulation moves with lightening speed! 
 I'd like to do everything but the decking for the deck.  We can hold off on that.  In addition, I may have some "salvaged" redwood decking I may want to add to the mix once I get ready to install the decking.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks for the cc.  Nice touch.  Chalk up another one for the good guys.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Please keep confidential and do not circulate.  This is just the first draft of a letter we're working with the large customers on in response the Angelides tantrum.  Only the large customers will sign, however.  I'll forward the final when they've completed it	.  Sue's working on ARM to do something akin from the suppliers side.  Best, Jeff 
 Great question.  If you think it would be useful, I can back channel to Loretta and find out.  I'm of the view that this letter is more to refute Angelides, so that his wild assertions don't go unanswered in the court of public opinion.  Perhaps the letter should be addressed to Angelides, instead.  On the other hand, I think it is also useful to make it known to the press and the public that the PUC has the regulatory tools, processes, etc. necessary to permit customers broad latitude to manage their own energy needs on the one hand, and ensure that there's not the sort of massive cost-shifting to which Angelides refers on the other.  In the public's view this has been painted as an either/or issue. Either we end direct access, or granny faces death and destruction.  And that's just not the case. In fact, I think it can be argued that the scenario Angelides paints just isn't in the cards, period.  But I may be missing the mark with all this and am open to other views.  Let me know if you'd like me to find out if Loretta thinks the letter would help her. Could find that out in pretty short order.  Best, Jeff 
 CONFIDENTIAL. Please don't distribute.  Evie's concerned that this letter might not be welcomed by or useful to Loretta.  I think it would be, but would be useful to have your/Loretta's views. Let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Immediately? 
 I should be able to find out something by this afternoon, or tomorrow AM at the latest.  I'll get back to you as soon as I hear something.  Jeff 
 Thank you.  I would have said "governor turkey." =20 
 give me 3 dates (very soon) and promise that you won't cancel, change, modify, reschedule, delay, postpone, or amend.  I'll find out which one works.  when you leaving for NYC?  the movie sounded VERY funny (from the riotous laughter i heard).  and those menus really do look good--maybe you could get by by giving your mom that piece of things (with your OK, of course) and that would make her feel like she's got a chunk of the event and it could leave you guys with the freedom to do all the other stuff.  just a thought.  i'm very excited but not altogether hungry.  best, Jeff 
 Thanks very much for the update. 
 can you email the most recent version of the QF buy-out presentation?  I want to forward it to Tom Beach (consultant to CCC) prior to Wednesday.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Jeez, nice company.  Putting you up for 10 days at the Waldorf.  I love that neighborhood.  Anywho, I'll check those dates and get back to you. 
 Talked to someone at the PUC (and I'll be talking to additional folks over there).  Question:  Do we know what volumes through Blythe have been?  One thing that might be happening is that SoCal's restricting flows at Topock in order to ensure minimum volumes through Blythe.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Brad: I finally got in touch with the people from Perfect.  They'll be in Houston on the 15th and the 22nd of November.  Either of those days work for you?  If so, any time preference?  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you. 
 FYI.  I ran into Bryson last Friday.  He told me (insisted, in fact) that Edison was paying everyone in February.  He told me (insisted, again) that they would have all necessary approvals from the PUC in the next several weeks.  He said that once those approvals are in place, they'll quickly get financing in place to ensure a February payment date--for everyone.  I said that was great news but that the market didn't seem quite as certain.  He was pretty firm.  He also said that it was too late for anyone to take them into bankruptcy involuntarily, that a judge wouldn't go for it.  Did you know if Lay every talk to Bryson?  Best, Jeff 
 Quck question:  w.r.t. to the stipulation with Edison.  1) Do we care that D. Douglas will know what our claim (or proposed settlement amount is), i.e., do we prefer that Dan sign a confidentiality agreement?  2)  When we file the stipulation at the Commission, do we care that the universe will see the number, i.e., do we prefer to file any such stipulation under seal at the Commission?  Not sure if this matters whatsoever. But it might.  Who's the person that needs to answer these questions?  Best, Jeff 
 Paul:  Got your voice mail regarding Anthony Pescetti running for a FERC seat.  Here are some quick thoughts.  Sue likely has some additional experiences and information to share.  Be happy to discuss further.  Republican assemblymember from the Sacramento area. Was a member of the Sacramento muni utility district prior to going to the legislature. Republican (minority) head of the assembly electricity oversight committee (the one that Rod Wright chairs). Don't recall that he's ever seen a a pro-utility bill that he didn't like. In fact, he sponsored some legislation just this past session that would have locked the utilities in to major parts of the gas industry, and specifically wold have locked out competition.  It was strongly opposed by industry and defeated. When push came to shove, I can't think of a time he didn't side with the utilities. Even when the Assembly Republicans were doing of good job of bottling up Davis' ridiculous bailout bills in Rod Wright's committee, Pescetti seemed to go along more to tweek the Democrats than to foster competition. And even then, he followed; he didn't lead--other, more junior, members on the committee led. Can't recall a time that he's been there for us.  I'd be happy to talk with him, but if we need someone at the Rick level to contact him, that's great, too.  Just let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings:  Hope all's going well in your new venture (or semi-new venture at this point).  You finishing this semester? Anyway, I was reading this press account and was wondering if you new this fellow when you were at Lehman.  If so, any insights?  Sort of an interesting career path.  Say hi to your better half. Best, Jeff ************************************************************************************** California Power Authority Taps SFPUC's Berry as New CFO SAN FRANCISCO -- Bill Berry will soon leave his job with San Francisco's public utility commission to head up finances for California 's newly formed power authority, which is authorized to issue $5 billion in revenue bonds. The board of the California Consumer Power and Conservation Financing Authority on Friday selected Berry as its first chief financial officer. He will start in his new position in early November. The authority was established earlier this year as a result of the state's energy crisis, and is charged with promoting energy conservation efforts and increasing California 's capacity to generate electricity . Berry is currently the assistant general manager of finance and administration at the utility commission, which provides water and sewer services to the city and some neighboring counties, as well as hydroelectric power for San Francisco government operations. Berry has been at the SFPUC since 1999, overseeing finance, personnel and training, information technology, and customer service. He also helped develop the commission's long-range strategic plan and 10-year capital improvement program, which may eventually entail requests for voters to approve more than $4 billion in bonds. Berry worked for a start-up Internet company in Palo Alto from 1996 to 1998 before joining the commission. From 1985 to 1996, Berry was an investment banker at Lehman Brothers in San Francisco, specializing in financing municipal and state-owned power, water, and wastewater systems, according to a release from the power authority. He also managed debt financing, financial planning, investment portfolios, and investor relations while a vice president of corporate finance for the New York Power Authority from 1979 until 1985. He helped develop the authority's first conservation program. In his new postion as CFO, Berry will earn $185,000 annually. Calls to Berry and the SFPUC seeking comment were not returned by press time. 
  Tom: Here's the presentation that we'll go over with you tomorrow. If you have any questions between now and then, just give me a call at 415.782.7822. What number should I call you at tomorrow?  Best, Jeff 
 at the all-employee meeting, someone just asked Lay if he was on crack.  broke the place up. jeff 
 Oh, great. Our next call will be from Steve Peace. 
 thanks. 
 Great questions. Some brief responses. We can discuss further tomorrow. 
 Molly gets all her picks from "The Living Guide to Picking NFL Winners" by Martha Stewart.  Note on p. 12 of this months version:  Martha shows how to make hanging planters out of the jock straps worn by the front line of the New England Patriots. 
 Kean, Kirby, Gibb, me.  Lots of fun.  Not.  Best, Jeff 
 Here it is.  It's somewhat quick, but I don' t know what your timeline is (hopefully quick).  Let me know what you think (hope you don't mind that I modified your title).  Any word from Loretta re: whether a letter from big customers would help in the fight against tantrums from Angelides?  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings.  In case Martin's interested...  Best, Jeff 
 Forget that, I'm expecting a new hanging planter for Christmas.  (Tee hee).  Kisses, Jeff 
 Thanks.  Sounds good.  Did you say that you're living out in west Marin now (one of my favorite places and old stomping grounds)?  I'm one of the many, the shameful, that's not finishing (though I'll only have one class in the Spring.  Take care.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm reporting this obvious attempt at collusion and pool-fixing to the commissioner!  Figures that the Commissioner's wife is in on it.  (Isn't that always the way it is?) 
 Well, not just any jock strap.  Maybe you could model a few and I can pick one.  Don't want it to clash with the furniture.... 
 Guess who?  Me again.  You thought about having your guy Jack (who's likely got the most juice of anyone in the group) go to the Governor and tell him to tell Angelides to knock it off and to back off?  Second, what do you think about sending the letter directly to Angelides--after all, he's the one who's being a chowder head--and cc'ing Loretta?  Third, I should be able to get you something on our view of RTOs.  Best, Jeff 
 dee-lish-ush dinner--the tart was especially yummy.  thanks very much.  by the way, was that a regular tart? 
 FYI.  Left him a message.  Will report back when we hook up.  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you, O wise one.  I'm sure that Jack will thank you for preserving his fluids. 
 Dear folks: Hope all finds you well, given the circumstances.  I would very much like to go, but I continue to be embroiled in the energy mess and school has started (last year!).  Turns out I'm going to have to be in Southern California that Friday and part of Saturday for work.  I'm going to have to cancel.  If there are any charges, please let me know.  Hope to see all of you very soon.  Be safe.  Best, Jeff 
 thanks. 
 I talked to John Fielder (SVP Edison) about setting up a meeting for Barry Tycholiz with Edison's CFO about hedging Edison's QF price risk. Fielder wanted to talk about the negative CTC issue. Here's what he said:  They plan to "settle" with the ESPs and pay them when they pay everyone else, which he re-iterated would be sometime in Q1'02. Edison is holding firm to the notion that the negative CTC contributed to the utility's undercollection and that the ESP's share of the undercollection has to be netted against the payables attributable to the negative CTC and owed the ESP. He said that they will propose to net it out in one of two ways:  1) lump sum netting (i.e., if they owe $50MM and the share of the undercollection is $30 MM, then they pay the ESP $20 MM; or 2) future reductions in PX Credit (i.e., they pay the ESP $50 MM, and then reduce the PX going forward until the $30 MM is paid down).  The numbers are illustrative only. In addition, he said that they have the view that a decision is going to have to be made about 1) whether DA customers pay for stranded costs tied to the DWR L-T contracts, and 2) whether DA customers pay going forward for stranded costs tied to the QF contracts.  (Edison is clearly lobbying the PUC to get DA customers to pay for these costs.) I recommended strongly that he de-link issues 1 and 2 above from the issue of paying us ASAP what they owe us for negative CTC.  He agreed. He said that the PUC judge's recently issued pre-hearing conference order requires that Edison "meet and confer" with ESPs prior to the Nov. 7th hearing, and that Edison intends to set something up with ESPs prior to that hearing. Fielder is also the point person on "getting ESPs paid" and intends to initiate settlement discussions with ESPs week after next. It was very clear from the conversation that Edison is going to do everything possible (at the expense of creditors) to maximize headroom under the settlement it struck with the PUC a few weeks ago.  Edison's stalemate with the QFs is evidence of it.  We shouldn't assume anything different with the Negative CTC issue.  If you have any questions, let us know.  Best, Jeff 
 Apologies, don't know how in the heck I missed you on the list.  (You know just clawing and backstabbing my way to the top.)   Anywho, here's the note that I just sent.  Let me know if there's anyone else that I embarassingly missed.  Best, Jeff 
 Dan: Is this also information that you'd like to be kept apprised of.  Just let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Wanda:  I faxed the examples that Edison faxed us and that you and Michael and I talked about some time back.  I'm sure that's how Edison would calculate it.  Does it make sense to run the numbers and see what our "contribution" to Edison's undercollection would be under Edison's view?  If you need another copy, let me know.  Question:  I don't know what our book looks like on this issue, but if we were to take the "netting" through a reduction in the PX credit going forward, how much of a hit would that be, particularly if we were to get the $120 MM up front?  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you.  Please let Michael know that we'll be coming in business casual attire. Hope that's OK.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 Talked to Edison about getting a meeting with Craver.  They're going to get back to me.  Best, Jeff 
 Edison did not bring up the refund issue at all (doesn't mean that they won't, though).  Agree on the AB 1890 issue.  The clock stops in March of '02.  Best, Jeff 
 Jim: FYI. 
 Do we run the risk of them saying, Enron, on average your customers represented 5% of the load, therefore you owe us 5% of the undercollection, or $3B * 0.05 = $150M?  That's my biggest concern.  Thoughts? 
 Need to think about it a bit.  Here's some of what we know based on the settlement:  Total debt = 6.35 B After they contribute all cash on their books and agree to eat a little, the PUC is allowing them to collect somewhere between $3.0-3.3B--depends on who you talk to. The total owed to ESPs is $243 MM. 
 Sorry I missed your call.  Thanks very much.  Wanted to make sure that I ha= d the correct copies for release.  Best, Jeff 
 Here's what I'll do.  I'll go back and look at the materials they sent us.  Maybe you could do the same, so at least we have an idea of what they'll claim our "contribution" is.  Best, Jeff 
 PS  Ask me how tired of this bleeping issue I am.  Hang in there. 
 Under Angelides flawed reasoning, shouldn't energy efficiency be outlawed, since every kilowatt saved means less money to pay DWR for the contracts and the bonds to fill the hole in the state budget?  Why pick on DA?  Best, Jeff 
 I asked Mike Day to make sure that we were kept in the distribution loop on this stuff.  Best, Jeff 
 What's your fax number? 
 thanks.  it's on its way.  i'll give you a call, or give me a call when you've had a chance to look at it.  i'll include steve swain on the fax. 
 Greetings: Thanks for talking the other day.  Quick question.  Are the minimum flows at Blythe set in the BCAP?  Presumably, SoCal's 100% at risk for the flows/dollars once they're set?  Or is there some proportionate sharing?  And what's the sharing, if any on the upside?  If I'm missing something, or don't have this right, let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 No, I don't think so.  Haley and Wil's vocabularies may expanded a bit, though.  Thanks again for  having them.  Very kind of you.  Best, Jeff  PS  You guys get all the cards. 
 Talked to Pescetti yesterday.  Prior to returning my call, he had received the information that Joe Kelliher had already been appointed to the open Republican spot, and therefore understands that there's no longer a Republican seat to run for. We had a good talk. I told him that reinstating DA was the most important energy issue facing California.  Best, Jeff 
 Could you forward the gas daily article?  Thanks.  Jeff 
 u still in DC? jeff 
 Could you make sure that whomever's doing the letter to the California Ds gets a copy to me and Sue (want to keep the family happy, don't you know).  Thanks a million.  Boy do we need the cash from that merger.  Please hurry.  Best, Jeff 
 You know what is more recently?  Reason I ask is that in the past, when volumes have been low, SoCal's had to "prop up" flows, i.e., keep a minimum at Blythe for "operational reasons" to serve San Diego (they said).  So (just to give them the benefit of the doubt), I was wondering if there might be something to that recently.  Pure speculation, but wondering if you had any info.  Because I certainly can't think of ANY other reason for their behavior.  I'm calling another PUC staffer today to discuss. In the meantime, are we continuing to make the request to SoCal for service?  Might be a good idea to keep doing that.  Best, Jeff 
 Yes.  I called him yesterday after the call and filled him in on all the details. So he's up to speed; but feel free to forward. Best, Jeff  Also, didn't want to put in the note, but I got the impression from Fielder that he's not real keen on extending the stipulation.  But I think we should push it, if for no other reason than to keep the PUC out of it. 
 u get message from tribolet. re: px credit call at 4 pm (CDT)? jeff 
 Thanks.  Laurie:  I'll assume that we'll meet at 7:45-8:00 at the front desk to coordinate a little bit?  Best, Jeff 
 You know, I ran into Martha once (literally) in Washington D.C. 
 I like it.......you first. 
 I actually did get them, it appear.  Apologies. 
 Hi Mark:  Any chance of meeting with you and the gang from DWR on Monday morning or sometime Tuesday?  Best, Jeff 
 no. body to body. 
 Calif Resells Surplus Power At A Loss In Second Quarter  LOS ANGELES -(Dow Jones)- The California agency buying power in lieu of the state's ailing utilities resold electricity in the spot market during the second quarter at an average price of $45 a megawatt-hour, the agency said Wednesday.  The announcement by the California Department of Water Resources was an answer to critics who blasted the department this summer for having to resell surplus power for as little as $1 a megawatt-hour because it secured too much electricity under long-term contracts negotiated by the administration of Gov. Gray Davis, the department said.  In a press release, the department's California Energy Resources Scheduling division, its power-marketing arm, said it resold 224,871 megawatt-hours, or 1.1% of its total purchases. That power generally was first bought on the spot market or through monthly or quarterly contracts, not the long-term contracts, the department said.  Such sales are typical of any power-buying operation, as demand for electricity can vary in unpredictable ways, the department said.  The DWR is responsible for buying all the power needed by the customers of the state's three main utilities beyond what the utilities generate themselves or have secured under their own long-term contracts - or about one-third of the total.  According to the DWR, power secured under Davis' long-term contracts covers one-third to one-half of the electricity it must supply. Short-term deals, such as monthly or quarterly contracts, represent one-third of the portfolio. The rest is bought in the spot market.  The state has put its average cost of power under the long-term contracts at 7.9 cents per kilowatt-hour for the first five years and 6.9 cents per kilowatt-hour for the next five years.  Davis has taken heat for locking up too much electricity at high prices. Similarly, the Department of Water Resources has been criticized for amateurish purchasing practices.  The DWR releases information on its power transactions quarterly to protect its negotiating position, the department said.  The DWR buys power for customers of PG&E Corp. (PCG) unit Pacific Gas & Electric, Edison International (EIX) unit Southern California Edison and Sempra Energy (SRE) unit San Diego Gas & Electric. 
 Nice presentation.  Look out Horowitz!!  My suggestions are attached.  Two other things:  1) If you're not fully prepared to defend the numbers on the "blunders" slide, I'd reconsider using it. There may be press there, and they may press you on them. 2) In place of the Jefferson quote ("freedom fighter" may be viewed as somewhat over the top--though I'm in complete agreement--), you might try the J.S. Mills quote "When in doubt, always trust markets."  Finally, in these sensitive times, the term "hostage" may not be viewed as 100% sensitive.  Best, Jeff 
 Those were Rick's and Steffe's.  I was never sure where they came from and didn't use them, per se.  We can talk more about it. 
 on phone with DWR trying to get a meeting for Tycholiz.  will get on phone pronto. 
 Thanks. 
 you're such a kidder. 
 bumpy times.  gonna take alot of work to come back.  i'll fill you in some time. 
 talked to karen denne.  she saw presentation and agrees.  she's going to call sue. 
 Sweetheart, very sorry to hear.  You're in my thoughts and prayers and I ho= pe you're doing OK.  Sometimes, things just aren't very fair. =20 Best, Jeff 
 fyi.  sue's at home.  try her cell phone 415.902.4108.  best, Jeff 
 Sue's presentation. 
 And here are my comments. 
 FYI. 
 got your message.  one set of golf clubs--right-handed--is all that i'll ne= ed (well, that and about 100 golf lessons!).  thanks for your help.  Best, Jeff 
 His name is Sean Steele.  I'll have his number pronto. 
 Oops. It's Shawn, not Sean.  And here's what I got.  Shawn Steele 323-951-9000 (law office) 818-841-5210 (Rep. Party HQ) 
 Thank you. 
 Sorry about that.  I'll get back to you with some other dates. 
 Jim: Let Jeremy know that there will be some big dogs (i.e., large customers) coming out with guns a'blazin' on this and that we're working closely with them.  Also, Sue and I discussed, and we can't see any reason why we wouldn't want very long, very dragged out hearings on this.  The longer the issue drags on, the more exposed DWR will be, the greater the likelihood of DWR contract negotiation, and the tougher it will be to drag the suspension date back to July 1.  In addition, hearings would (finally) force DWR to answer some questions---this time under oath, and possibly with the press present, which would be very beneficial--I'm talking to other folks to try to get Loretta make that happen.  Either of you see any reason why we wouldn't want to have hearings?  Best, Jeff 
 You ain't kidding.  Hope you and yours are OK, given the circumstances.  All the best. Jeff 
 Thanks very much.  I'll try to subscribe again. Hey, forgive me for being a snoop, but do you not wear glasses at all anymore?  Signed, Four eyes 
 I thought that might be the case.  Didn't want to be so bold as to bring it up, though.  You looked great with glasses.  You look great without them.  Thanks again for the email.  Best, Jeff 
 Hey, I can't find steve kelly's email.  can you forward this to him? 
 I'm not interested.  But is it more, or less, than you described? 
 which game is it? 
 you're fired. 
 Trying again.  Best, Jeff 
 Prentice will call you. 
 How do the 13th or 20th of November work? 
 You see this?  What the hell is with Cramer?   Date      October 25, 2001 Time      07:00 AM - 08:00 AM Station   CNBC Location  Network Program   The Squawk Box   Mark Haines, co-anchor:  Joe Kernen, what's going on?  Joe Kernen, co-anchor:  We've got to shift gears into this Enron situation which has just been--you've been talking about it quite a bit, David--how could you not talk about it?  Seventy-six million shares yesterday, down fifty percent in the last two weeks.  This is a company with--what?--a hundred million in revenues.  James Cramer, guest market commentator:  Maybe.  Kernen:  Yeah, right.  Anyone who does any trading in energy apparently, you know, uses Enron Online, so anything that destabilizes Enron to a great extent could destabilize the whole energy trading arena and...  Cramer:  Go ahead, say it!  Say what you're thinking!  No one has said it yet.  We know the truth.  We believe that Enron caused a national short squeeze.  They knew every single number in this gas situation.  They wrecked the California utility system and profited from it.  That's my bet.  My bet that this--they had--look, they were the market maker.  Imagine if Instinet knew what you were going to be buying and took it ahead of you.  I think they cornered the market for electricity for about four months, made a huge fortune and now the company is unraveling and when someone--when the Justice Department gets in there we're going to discover this.  Kernen:  Let's see what happened...  Haines:  Now, wait a second...  David Faber, co-anchor:  Whoa, whoa, whoa!  The Justice Department, Jim?  Now, is that new?  Is that something--  Cramer:  No, that would be, if I were a prosecutor, something...  Faber:  OK, so they are not being investigated?  Cramer:  Well, no, I'm actually being a little forward thinking.  Kernen:  The SEC wants documents about the limited partnership transactions of Mr.--  Faber:  Which is very different from what Jim is talking about.  Cramer:  No, I'm saying that this is what, if I were an enterprising prosecutor, I would say, Did we have a nationwide short squeeze in electricity caused by one company that had access to all the screens and knew exactly what was happening with the electricity market which then wrecked the California utility system, cost the consumer billions of dollars, and is now being hushed up?  Kernen:  Well, let's talk about the actual news.  Here's yesterday's trading--  Haines:  Wait a minute.  Kernen:  Well, I just want to say that the guy is gone now. That's the new news here.  Did you read--did you know that Fastow, after four--  Faber:  Late yesterday.  Kernen:  Yeah, after four o'clock, Fastow is gone.  What's interesting--  Faber:  He's the CFO--  Kernen:  But he's a new CFO.  Faber:  --who benefitted personally from some of these off balance sheet partnerships.  Cramer:  Mark, you know, I'm not on thin ice here, I'm not on thin ice.  Haines:  I just want to make sure we understand that this is your theory.  Cramer:  This is my theory.  Haines:  OK.  Cramer:  It is just a theory.  It is my opinion.  But I think we've got to find out more about that short squeeze that occurred.  Haines:  OK.  Cramer:  We need to find out whether it was orchestrated.  Kernen:  The new CFO might help regain some credibility for the company because he was the old treasurer who left that position a year or so ago because of some disagreements with how Mr. Fastow was doing business apparently.  So now he's back as CFO and we'll whether that calms the market down.  Faber:  Well, what they need to do-- Joe, they need to come clean.  I mean, that is what all the investors in Enron and those who've left the company as investors over this last week have wanted.  Let's see everything; be as transparent as you possibly can be; tell us exactly what we need to know.  And as much as they need to come clean with their investors, they need to come clean with their trading counterparties because that is really what people are concerned about.  Kernen:  Why is the credit worthiness issue such a big deal?  Anyone who does trading with them, if their credit worthiness were to go--if their credit rating were to go down, how would that affect energy trading?  Faber:  Well, you want to know that they're going to be there on the other side and make good on the trades.  Kernen:  I guess you would, wouldn't you?  Faber:  Right.  Not that they aren't, but why would you--if you can trade with seven other guys--seven other companies, maybe you cut back a little bit on your exposure there.  Kernen:  Now, why would--  Faber:  And that would hurt their core business.  Kernen:  Why are people expecting some type of action from the credit agencies, not because of the stock price, right? Because of something that could unravel--  Faber:  Because of something related to these liabilities they may have--  Kernen:  That they don't know about at this point.  Faber:  --that they may have with regard to funding some of these off balance sheet partnerships that they backstopped in terms of borrowing that went on at the project level at the off balance sheet partnership.  Will it be a liability? They don't know.  But that's one of the reasons--  Kernen:  We're talking hundreds of millions or billions?  Faber:  They don't know.  Kernen:  But there were billions of dollars in limited partners?  Faber:  Yes.  About three billion in financing, I think is what some analysts estimated.  Kernen:  This is a pretty big number.  Faber:  Yeah, they can get to most of that with the assets that they have in the partnerships themselves.  Kernen:  I use a six month chart to show what's happened over the last two weeks.  You got to look at here.  But if we went back a year, you'd see eighty as far as the high for Enron.  Now we're at sixteen.  Faber:  Everybody else took a hit yesterday.  Dynegy got hurt.  Kernen:  Well, I got Dynegy next.  Don't--  Here we go.  Faber:  I'm sorry.  I'm getting a little excited.  Kernen:  You are.  Faber:  Enthusiastic about your charts.  Kernen:  There's a weekly chart of Dynegy, and you know what's coming next, don't you?  Now I'm worried about the utility average.  I've worried about the transportation average a lot in my career.  Mark, now the utilities have replaced my worries.  I'm angst-ridden.  Did you see this chart?  We're breaking below the--  Cramer:  That's a positive, not a negative, Joe.  Kernen:  What's wrong with Cramer today?  What happened?  Cramer:  I'm all fired up!  Faber:  He really is.  My, God, he's got the DOJ getting all crazy, the FBI, the CIA.  You going down to En--you going down to Houston yourself?  Cramer:  I may just have to.  I may have to clean up that whole city.  Kernen:  Jim, why would the--that's the--now getting down to the lows, I mean, the other averages have come back quite a bit from the post-attack lows, the utilities are retesting those.  That's not something to worry about?  Cramer:  No, because I think there's a lot of money going into more cyclical issues.  I think the economy is showing signs of getting better.  The consumer is certainly much stronger than we thought.  The base book didn't say the corporate was strong, but the consumer is strong.  Much stronger than before.  Kernen:  All right.  In the past people have worried about the utility averages being a leading indicator, though.  I don't--we're talking about four hundred to two-ninety at this point.  That's a long way.  Cramer:  This average has got a lot of problems to it, but I still think that--  Kernen:  It's no longer the--  Cramer:  --you sell this as safety.  We don't want safety as much as we want a little bit more reciprocality.  # # # 
 Thanks.  Love to catch up on Tuesday when I get back, if that works for you.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks for the invite, but I have class.  She have a job yet? 
 Baldwin's traveling--meeting with DWR today.  But he knows we want to meet and knows the days we're talking about--left a message with his secretary.  I suspect that, if DWR is free on either Monday or Tuesday, we'll be meeting.  Followed up with Fielder this morning.  He's at an off-site all day and is supposed to call me back COB today.  He knows we want to meet with Craver and offered to set it up.  If he hasn't got it scheduled when I talk to him, I'll go directly to Craver.  I'll hopefully have things more set in stone by end of today or tomorrow by noon.  That work?  Best, Jeff 
 I'll contact Lydia and you'll have materials well in advance of the meeting. 
  Hi Lydia:  Could you let me know what time in the afternoon of November 13th works with Brad's schedule?  Will need 60 minutes.  Thanks very much for your help.  Best, Jeff 
 It's going to be sometime in the afternoon on the 13th. 
 Nice job.  In line with your letter, and in response to Wood's questionnaire about rolling the suspension date back to July 1, don't you think it is absolutely necessary to have hearings in order to establish a record prior to any decision? Wood throws around the $10 billion number in his questionnaire (ruling, whatever), without any substantiation whatsoever.  Shouldn't DWR and its rev. req. be thoroughly scrutinized in the hearing room before making a decision.  Seems logical though 1) logic has prevailed much lately and 2) I'm not a lawyer, so I could be missing the boat completely.  Best, Jeff 
 Baldwin's secretary called.  He's going to check with DWR and get back to me tomorrow morning regarding whether Monday or Tuesday will work.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings: Unlucky you.  It's me again, calling about setting up a meeting with Ms Doll.  Any word?  Greatly appreciate your efforts.  Best, Jeff 
 No problem.  No hurry.  Whenever you've got it ready is great.  Best, Jeff 
 Jim:  Thanks for getting people together. There are (at least) 3 things going on here:  1) Coordinate PG&E/SCE 2) Edison "meet and confer" (on Monday?  sez Williams) to discuss the prehearing conference at the PUC on Nov. 7th. 3) Edison meeting to discuss settlement of PX credit that Fielder's coordinating.  2 and 3 are, of course, extremely related.  It is critical that gov't affairs (you or me or both) be completely involved in items 2 and 3 above, and frankly, i think that one of us needs to be at the meeting.  No finger pointing, but our litigation strategy with edison thus far has been wanting.  We have a number yet for the call?  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Bob:  Could you please leave on my voicemail the call-in number to discuss the meet and confer call that's happening with Edison?  When exactly is that meeting?  Is it California or Houston.  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 I have class on Tuesday and Wednesday. 
 Let's try this.  It's all inter-related.  PG&E, the prehearing conference and our workout with Edison.  Can we have one call that you includes all who need to be involved?  (I'm thinking, Steffes, you, Tribolet, me. Mellencamp, Wanda, Sue). That make sense?  Let me know.  Easiest thing would  likely be to set up a call-in number (I'm mobile today).  Thanks alot.  Best, Jeff 
 The pleasure was all mine.  You did a fantastic job with the presentation (both developing and presenting it).  Likewise, it lifted my spirits in these challenging times to meet someone as talented (and fun!) as you.  Hope our paths cross again often.  Never hesitate to get in touch if there's anything I can do.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks to all of you for your help with this.  Made my participation practically effortless, and more important, alot of fun.  Great job.  Best, Jeff 
 Actually, I'm travelling tomorrow.  If we could do it between 8 and 9:30 AM (PST), that would work.  Otherwise, I'll need to do Wednesday if possible.  Best, Jeff 
 Horowitz never had a chance. 
 Really appreciate it.  Will you be attending? 
 Great.  Just to make sure.  I've got an address of 3310 El Camino, Suite 120. This correct?  Is there a number there in case something comes up?  Best, Jeff 
 3310 El Camino (Sacramento).  Suite 120. 
 Just sent you yahoo map/directions on how to get to DWR. 
 Hi Cynthia:  I'm not sure if I'm going about this correctly, but Joseph's out today, so I thought I'd give it a shot.  I need to rent a car tomorrow Tuesday, Oct. 30 (pick up at 7:30 AM and return it on Wed. Oct. 31 at 7:30 AM (want to rent from the Hertz outlet on Mason Street in SF, which is where I always rent).  Is this something that you folks generally arrange, or do I just do it?  Is there a corporate account # I'll need if I do it?  Really appreciate your help.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks. 
 Hey, I've got a "devil" of an idea to try to keep our weekend from becoming "hellish."  Should we start emailing what we need to do/get?  I can go to Rainbow on Thursday night to get staples (understanding that there may be some speciality items that we can pick up out there, e.g., oysters, cowgirl creamery, knave of hearts bakery, etc. 
 Greetings:  The Commission denied it.  Work is underway to appeal the Commission's decision to the courts.  Sue Mara is taking the lead on this for us.  She can update you on where the appeal stands.  Be great to get you support for/participation in the appeal.  Best, Jeff 
 Sounds good.  My cell phone number is 415.505.6633. Jeff 
 Can we have chat again between now and COB Wednesday (like we did night before PG&E meeting) to get ourselves in order for the Edison meeting? 
 Obviously worth the time.  Great letter.  Thanks for sharing...  Best, Jeff  You folks gearing up to respond to Karl Woods questions regarding why the suspension should be pushed back to July 1? 
 Governor wants to cut costs of power Tough sell for Davis as suppliers balk By Steve Geissinger SACRAMENTO BUREAU SACRAMENTO -- With an economic "perfect storm" and an election looming, Gov. Gray Davis wants to renegotiate several of the state's expensive long-term power contracts -- a move that could translate into a big break for Californians. But the generators who signed the multibillion-dollar contracts to supply the state will be a tough sell on the notion, even though many have indicated they will at least listen to the state. "If the politicians were to make all these contracts go away, ... who the hell is going to meet with the state and negotiate any (new) contracts?" asked Peter Cartwright, president of San Jose-based Calpine Corp., a major supplier of California power. And many experts and analysts are skeptical about Davis' chances of getting generators to substantially lower the price of power they sell to the state, which, in turn, supplies California customers through various utilities. "Good luck!" former Republican Gov. Pete Wilson sarcastically declared upon hearing of the Democratic governor's plan. Davis, however, has suddenly thrust the idea of renegotiating some of the costly power-supply contracts to the center of a wildly complex tangle of fiscal, political and legal issues tied to the energy crisis, the ailing economy and their impact on the growing state budget deficit. The outcome could affect the pocketbooks of energy consumers and taxpayers alike for years, perhaps decades. "This could save billions of dollars," said Doug Heller of the Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights, one of the consumer groups that has embraced Davis' power contract renegotiation plan. Barry Goode, Davis' legal affairs secretary, said the administration is "not targeting every contract" because the pacts have been "extremely valuable in keeping the market stable." The governor's aides refused to reveal which generators they will approach or the arguments they intend to use on the companies, whose contracts don't require them to reopen negotiations with the state. The governor signed more than 50 long-term contracts -- worth more than $40 billion -- with about two dozen generators at the height of the energy crisis earlier this year. The state made short-term purchases to supply California after soaring wholesale prices shattered utilities, then entered the longer-term pacts that provide about a third of the state's power demands. The contracts range in duration from a few months to 20 years. Though the contracts provide power at an average $69 per megawatt-hour over the next decade, the current market has dropped to less than half that rate. And the contracts provide more electricity than the state needs at times, forcing California to sell the excess at multimillion-dollar losses. The long-term contracts, harshly criticized by Republicans seeking the GOP gubernatorial nomination, have become a political liability for Davis as he heads into a re-election bid next year. The liability is compounded due to the pacts' potential role in what experts at a recent economic summit at Stanford University termed a brewing "perfect storm" of fiscal calamities. The state Public Utilities Commission, principally citing a desire for less costly power, has refused to allocate a revenue stream -- generated from recent electricity rate hikes and anticipated bond proceeds -- to finance the long-term contracts. The standoff has pitted Davis and Democratic state Treasurer Phil Angelides against another of the state's most powerful Democrats, Senate leader John Burton of San Francisco, who sided with the Democratic-controlled PUC. Burton has called "for Californians to be freed from egregious, unreasonable and expensive provisions contained in these contracts." The deadlock is holding up a $12.5 billion bond sale intended not only to help fund California's future power costs but repay state coffers for the billions of dollars spent earlier this year on emergency, short-term electricity purchases. It would be the largest municipal debt sale in U.S. history. Without the bond issue, a projected general fund deficit of up to $14 billion next year could grow to a staggering $20 billion-plus, forcing Draconian cuts in essential government services, according to state finance officials. The projected deficit of up to $14 billion in California's annual budget of about $100 billion stems from lagging tax revenue in a cooling economy, further chilled by the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks on the East Coast. Against the backdrop of fiscal woes, analysts said successful renegotiation of some long-term power contracts could conceivably wind up sparing Californians electricity rate hikes, tax increases or both. But some analysts are pessimistic, like Wilson. The former governor is widely blamed for legislation that triggered the energy crisis, and yet he in turn blames Davis for not acting quickly enough to head off power woes. The Western Power Trading Forum, a group representing suppliers and brokers, has made it clear generators will expect the state to give them something substantial in return for any changes in the pacts. Such incentives might include settling disputes over power buys or the state dropping lawsuits against suppliers. "We're not going to say no. We'd certainly sit down at the table with them and say, 'Let's see, maybe we can do this, maybe we can do that,'" said Calpine's Cartwright. If state officials simply broke some of their contracts, not only would penalties be "very, very severe," but also "they would have completely blown their credibility, and no one would negotiate with them," Cartwright said. His comments coincided with reports that Calpine's third-quarter profits more than doubled, despite a sharp drop in short-term electricity prices in California, one of its main markets. Analysts said Calpine's performance can be largely attributed to its long-term contracts with the state. Heller, one of the state's most vocal consumer advocates, said Davis "is right to look back at the environment in which these contracts were signed and demand that the power companies come to the table and renegotiate, or even throw out many of the contracts." "Last spring," Heller said, "power companies had a gun to the governor's head and, with staff that already had conflicts of interest, the administration signed some terrible deals." 
 You folks giving this to the press?  Might be useful. 
 You won't believe this.  Jerry Bloom left me a message.  Wants to talk, though I wouldn't get my hopes up.  I'll let you know what he says.  Best, Jeff 
 You have time to talk a bit more about what we were discussing on the call?  In particular, impact on the book of negotations around the PX credit calc going foward?  Jeff 
  There was a discussion on this morning's call regarding the status of PUC actions regarding DA suspension.  We requested a legal opinion from out outside regulatory counsel.  It is attached.  If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact Sue Mara (415.782.7802) or me (415.782.7822).  Best, Jeff 
 I have a 3. I'll call at 4. 
 Thanks so much.  Really appreciate it.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  See you at 10. 
 FYI.  Suggested addressing it to Angelides, but they didn't want to "dignify" his letter.  They decided that, ultimately, Loretta's in charge, and addressed it to her.  Had a great talk with Sarah.  She's following up on a few things.  You may want to touch base with her re: hearings on DWR rev. req.  You ever received my (modest) edits to the Karl Wood letter?  Best, Jeff  PS Is that article you sent me re: bad contracts from today's papers? 
 Does this mean I shouldn't have talked to the Journal regarding my views of= merger?  Ooops.  I'll refer inquiries to you from now on....  Seriously, hope (given the circumstances) that all finds you well.  Best, Jeff 
 With respect to past due PX credit amounts, Edison has told folks today that:  Edison will distribute a one-pager by mid-day tomorrow laying out its proposal for how to handle payment of past due PX credit amounts. Edison is trying to meet individually with all ESPs prior to the Nov. 7th prehearing conference at the PUC to discuss and hopefully reach agreement with ESPs on its proposal. Edison hopes to make progress with the ESPs between now and the Nov. 7th prehearing conference, and if so, intends to tell the judge that the PUC should delay action on the complaints pending settlement.  We'll distribute Edison's proposal as soon as we get it.  Best, Jeff 
 Couple of additional pieces of information:  In conjunction with the issue paying ESPs past due PX amounts, Edison has affirmed that it will be making a proposal regarding how it wants to calculate the PX credit going forward. It remains unclear whether Edison will try to fold controversial issues into negotiations on getting paid past due PX credit amounts(e.g., PX credit contributed to undercollection and therefore DA customers should help pay down the undercollection; DA customers must pay for stranded DWR contracts, etc.). So while Edison is making good noises about wanting to settle (which is a certainly a step in the right direction), it's still unclear whether they intend to attach terms to the deal that make the whole thing a nonstarter. Got a call into John Fielder to try to get answers to some of these questions. Will report back when (and if) we get some answers.  Best, Jeff 
 Fielder's traveling today.  Left him a long message on his voicemail and asked him to get back to me as soon as he gets a chance.  Best, Jeff 
 Steve:  Been wanting to drop you a line to say, Hang in there.  You're a remarkable individual, and it's great working with you. As far as I'm concerned--and there are many with a similar view--I'm ready to do whatever it takes to help turn things around.  You can count on that.  (Now if we can just find something left to turn around.  Kidding.) If there's anything you need, please don't hesitate to let me know.  Please give my regards to Ken.  Best, Jeff 
 agreed. 
 You take care.  If for whatever reason, there's anything I can do, please j= ust ask. =20 Best, Jeff 
 zero 
 apologies.  i don't know what those bills are....  Best, Jeff 
 Yep.  It's moving along.  The budget, and the R's desire to mess with Davis, are prolonging things a bit.  But all indications are that Loretta will hold DA until the 12th.  How'd the afternoon go?  Best, Jeff 
  FYI.  Not for dissemination outside this distribution.  Documents delivered to Hertzberg to follow.  Best, Jeff 
 Please keep this confidential and internal to the company.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Congratz.  Do we know for how long a decision will be delayed?  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, Hedy. Barring any strange turn of events, we're likely to be OK with the language.  The budget--and the R's desire to mess with Davis--appear to be delaying things somewhat.  If tomorrow Loretta holds the DA decision till the 12th, that will buy some additional  (and necessary) time to work a deal.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, Sue.  FYI--this new schedule was discussed a lot last week, and apparently was a big part of the meeting that occured with Davis' people and Angelides last Thursday nite.  It was a move to buy time to try and get a comprehensive settlement in place in the legislature (i.e., core/noncore).  In addition to buying time to save Direct Access, it also gives Angelides more time to get the bonds lined up, which seems to be an increasingly challenging task---there's growing speculation that the issuance will be much more difficult than Angelides has thus far let on.  That said, I need to check around, but there is some chance that the plan/agreement is that the PUC decisions would go out well in advance of August (with effective date being August), which would then provide enough time to let the expedited "appeals process" under (SB37?) run its course in time for the issuance in Sept/Oct.  In short, we'll need to remain vigilant energized because there's a chance that the decisions to which Angelides refers in the memo could be up at the Commission sooner rather than later.  This is what I was hearing last Friday, but perhaps things have changed and now there's more time.   I'll check and report back.  Finally, simultaneous with those actions, folks are supposed to be putting the core/noncore agreement into legislative language.  I'll report back as soon as I have more information on that.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  My understanding is that the decisions would actually go out prior to Aug. , with "effective date" in Aug., , thus providing time for the appeals process.  Do others have a similar or different view?  Do we intend to stay in touch, in view of the fact that there's been some "breathing room" provided by the PUC delaying its DA vote, and given the heavy lifting that is still needed to get the core/noncore agreement teed-up and through?  Happy 4th to all.  Best, Jeff 
 It's going to be extremely difficult for anyone who has consumed electricity to avoid paying for it.  It will be particularly difficult for Enron to exempt itself from costs incurred by the state on behalf of Enron's customers.  Prior to us pushing amendments on this bill, can we discuss on the 11:30 call today.  Harry and I have discussed this at length, and I just want to make sure that we don't blow up the whole enchilada by trying to get an amendment here.  Best, Jeff 
 Here's the proposal:  There is NO reason for the PUC to suspend DA since 1) 18XX passed--therefore the bonds are taken care of; all Davis has to do is sign the bill, 2) Angelides has said that money's not an issue, at least for the next several months, and 3) the Senate passed a resolution on Friday night stating that there is no reason to continue the "state of emergency" put in place by Davis on Jan. 17 and that the state of emergency should therefore end. The PUC should therefore keep DA intact and begin putting the ratemaking in place to enable DA, while achieving other important objectives (e.g., no cost-shifting, make sure bonds get serviced, etc.) If, however, the PUC rejects this rational, sensible proposal and decides to suspend DA, then that date must not be any earlier than Sept. 20th; and if it is, we will sue.  Thoughts?  Best, Jeff 
 thanks, paul.  apologies, i dont' even remember seeing this.  leslie, can we discuss on thursday.  i  can update you on everything underway w.r.t. cal gas.  thursday work for you?  best, jeff 
 Yes. 
 8 AM. 10 AM. 3 PM.  Best, Jeff 
 Unless someone has a different view, I think that we're all on the same page and ready to go.  In that regard, you should have received via fax of the language that Sher has put together.  I propose the following.  Please chime in with suggestions, alternatives, etc.  Everyone review the language quickly and provide comments. Simultaneously have Mike Day very quickly draft language (this morning) capturing the ideas we've discussed (to make it happen, I think we need to provide the specific language). I will write a note now to the group that's been negotiating the core/noncore deal, explaining what we think ought to be included and informing them we'll provide legislative language shortly . Assuming that most in the group buy-in to our proposal, we have Hedy/Bev/Scott work with their lobbyists to get it inserted in the language.  Thoughts?  Best, Jeff 
 thanks for everything.  really 'ppreciate it, 'migo.   and please thank karen, too.  also, would you tell her that prentice and i are willing and able (we think) to help out in any way we can in putting the fireplace stuff together----i.e., anything that doesn't require real skill, like sticking tiles on the board.  just let us know.  Best, Jeff   tah-mo 
 Thanks.  As you know, I'm in the negotiations.  It's the best chance there = is to 1) get a real market and 2) keep Edison out of bankruptcy.  Whether C= alifornia can execute on it is another story.  But we're trying damned hard= to make it happen.  IEP should support it.  Anything that you can do with = Jan would be useful and appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings:  Hope everyone had a pleasant 4th.  I've read the respective Burton and Hertzberg language on amending AB 1X.  The Burton language looks cleaner and simpler, though there may be reasons to include some of the Hertzberg language, too.  I'm proposing to the group the following as potential amendments to the bond bill.  I would appreciate your feedback.  The amendments would be as follows:  Customers who were on Direct Access when DWR started buying power (Jan. 17th?), and are still on Direct Access when the bill passes, should be exempt from paying for the bonds.  In short, customers should not be forced to pay for power twice--once from their ESP, and once from DWR.  Since these customers receive power services from their ESP, they never consumed DWR power in the first place and it wouldn't be fair to require them to pay for it.  Customers who have been utility customers since DWR started buying power but subsequently switched to Direct Access should only pay for power provided by DWR that they actually consumed, no more and no less.  For example, if a customer was a utility customer when DWR started buying power but switched to Direct Access on May 1st, then the customer would only be responsible for reimbursing DWR for power deliveries that took place from Jan. 17th thru April 30th.  I believe that we agreed on these concepts during the negotiations that took place over the past 4-5 weeks.  Or if we didn't explicitly agree during the talks, they seem to be principles on which we ought to be able to agree pretty easily now. And rather than leave the issue hanging, which can create unnecessary and costly uncertainty for customers, I suggest that we include very clear and simple legislative language in the bond bill clarifying what customers' obligations are.  Your thoughts are appreciated.  In addition, we have talked quite a bit about providing customers with incentives in the attempt to get California out of the energy hole that it finds itself in.  Providing (20KW and above) customers with an incentive to switch to Direct Access as soon as possible could 1) reduce the net short position that the state (and ultimately consumers) have to finance, thereby reducing spot purchases and price volatility,  2) reduce electricity purchasing costs, and 3) reduce the burden on the state budget.  With this in mind, I'm also proposing that the group consider an amendment to the bond bill that would exempt from bond charges any customer that switches to Direct Access by September 1st.  Finally, it seems odd that the language directing the PUC to suspend Direct Access is still in the bill.  If a dedicated rate component is created, that seems to eliminate altogether the need to suspend Direct Access.  And if that's the case, would it make sense to delete that language from the bill?  Look forward to your comments and working with you to get support for and passage of the "core/noncore" proposal.  Best, Jeff 
 yes. 
 Please take a look and see if you think it does what we're after.  I'd like to share with folks as soon as possible to try to get something in the bill.  Best, Jeff 
 Just talked to Fielder. U have 5 minutes to debrief?  Sending this to Kean/Shapiro/Steffes.  Jeff 
 i'd send to the big list.  i used to send what julie malinowski sent around. 
 Thanks for you comments.  I did this prior to the meeting w/Keeley yesterday.  I assume that, if this thing gets off the ground, we'll have the opportunity to get this thoughts into whatever it is that the legislature produces.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 you mean communicate the fact that mark views me as wholly expendable?  i'm hurt, mark.  best, jeff 
 FYI.  From today's Post.  Davis seems to continue to put distance between himself and the contracts.  Best, Jeff ********************************************************************** Financial California Changes Stance on Refunds; Two Sides Far Apart In Energy Talks Peter Behr  07/06/2001 The Washington Post FINAL Page E01 Copyright 2001, The Washington Post Co. All Rights Reserved California officials have abruptly shifted tactics in their attempt to recover billions of dollars in alleged overcharges for electricity , saying they may reduce their demands for huge refunds if generators renegotiate $43 billion in long-term electricity contracts that the state signed this year. Gov. Gray Davis (D) said part of the $8.9 billion in refunds the state is seeking could be offset by reductions in energy prices in the long-term contracts, whose costs have become a growing political embarrassment for Davis. "We've made suggestions, we've offered various ways in which people could get us $8.9 billion," Davis told the San Jose Mercury News in a report yesterday. "You can renegotiate our existing contracts and save us money. However you want to do it, it's just got to net out close to $8.9 billion." The new offer was introduced this week into the closed negotiations over a California settlement being conducted in Washington by Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Judge Curtis L. Wagner Jr., according to sources close to the negotiations. Yesterday, Wagner said he may issue his own preliminary finding today on the amount of overcharges if California officials and the generators cannot reach a compromise. "What I'm trying to do is get people in a settlement mood," Wagner told reporters. "In the event we're unable to do that, [Friday] at some point I may offer a preliminary assessment." The settlement conference is set to conclude on Monday. Wagner, FERC's chief administrative judge, has been trying to push both sides toward a compromise that would resolve the huge energy pricing controversy. Mountainous energy prices have bankrupted California 's largest utility, drained billions of dollars out of the state treasury and put Davis at sword's point with generators that help keep the state's lights on. Last Friday, Wagner rebuked Davis's chief representative, Michael Kahn, chairman of California Independent Grid Operator -- the state's power grid manager -- indicating that the state's demand for nearly $9 billion in refunds from power generators and marketers was too high, sources said. Wagner's settlement conference, which has involved more than 100 lawyers for all sides, is closed to the public and media. Wagner complained last month that Kahn was following a political agenda, and his lack of independence in the negotiations was such a "joke" that the parties might as well wear "clown suits," according to a Dow Jones report confirmed by sources close to the talks. But he has also criticized the generators and power marketers, led by Reliant Energy Inc., Williams Energy Services, Duke Energy and Southern Co., for failing to make serious settlement offers, these sources said. The suppliers have offered to refund $600 million, provided the state is able to call off various California lawsuits demanding far larger refunds, sources said. Wagner's leverage is his ability to propose his own refund figure to FERC's commissioners. FERC has tentatively called for $124 million in refunds, but now is taking a harder line on preventing a new escalation of California 's electricity prices this summer and is likely to be receptive to a higher refund figure, some energy analysts believe. Davis's tactical change, offering to make the long-term contracts part of an overall settlement, comes amid growing criticism of what the state will have to pay for energy under those deals. California 's energy calamity stemmed in large part from its failed deregulation plan, which relied heavily on short-term power purchases at volatile "spot market" prices. When energy costs shot upward last summer, so did the state's electricity bills. In response, Davis's aide, S. David Freeman, and his staff began negotiating long-term power contacts with suppliers. The $43 billion in deals signed so far would require the state to pay about $70 per hour for a megawatt of power for a large part of the electricity it will need over the next 10 years. That's well under the average of $250 per megawatt-hour that the state was paying at the beginning of this year, but above current power prices -- and considerably higher than what electricity may cost in the next decade, energy analysts say. A new agreement to lower those contract prices could relieve political pressure on Davis and focus settlement negotiations away from the state's controversial demand for the $8.9 billion refund. Davis will argue that reducing future power charges that his administration negotiated should count as a "refund" because the deals were reached "under commercial duress," according to sources close to Wagner's negotiations. Industry supporters say Davis's refund figure is impossible to justify. "There's no benchmark for what a fair and reasonable price should be," said Michael Zenger, California director of Cambridge Energy Research Associates. The state's advocates counter that if FERC enforced a "just and reasonable" standard for power prices based on operating costs and a generous profit, the overcharges by all sellers could easily reach the $9 billion figure. "It's not rocket science, but it does require the regulators to regulate," said Frank Wolak, a Stanford University economist who heads an oversight committee for the California grid. Those polar-opposite views have left both sides in Wagner's conference room "billions of dollars apart," as the talks approached their final weekend, sources said. 
 May you be forced to spend eternity with David Lazarus....  P.S. I'm taking next week off.  I'll be in the Middle East for martyr training.  Best, Jeff 
 I apologize.  I thought I'd put you on my "big" distribution list.  When and if I do any updates to smaller groups.  I'll put you on those, too.  Look forward to meeting and discussing next time I'm in Houston.  Best, Jeff 
   Senate Majority Leader Eager to Push Energy, Environmental Issues =09 James Kuhnhenn =09 =09 =09 07/06/2001 =09 KRTBN Knight-Ridder Tribune Business News: Knight Ridder's Washington Burea= u =09 =09 =09 =09 Copyright (C) 2001 KRTBN Knight Ridder Tribune Business News; Source: World= Reporter (TM) =09 =09 =09 =09 WASHINGTON--Eager to exploit public dissatisfaction with President Bush's a= pproach to energy and the environment, Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle w= ants to place those issues next on the Democratic agenda, before other init= iatives popular with Democrats.  Daschle's aides and party strategists say = the Senate's top Democrat wants to keep the White House on the defensive, d= raw attention to popular Democratic goals such as promoting conservation an= d alternate power sources, and inoculate his party against Republicans' cha= rges that it has ignored the country's energy needs. Activists on both side= s see potential for compromises that would lead to legislation Bush can sig= n. =09 =09 "With summer, and gas prices, and air conditioning -- this is what you g= o with," said Democratic pollster Fred Yang. "It's an issue that people act= ually live every day. There are very few issues like that in politics."  De= mocrats think the energy issue has become an albatross for the White House.= Recent polls show that a majority of the public disapproves of the way Bus= h is handling energy and environmental issues.  What's more, the House of R= epresentatives voted to block the administration from drilling for oil and = gas off Florida's gulf coast and in the Great Lakes. Both measures passed w= ith support from 70 Republicans.  "When the Republican-controlled House sou= ndly rejects key components of the president's energy policy, it signals an= opportunity to build a bipartisan consensus that begins in the center," sa= id Daschle spokeswoman Anita Dunn.  The decision to highlight energy policy= came late last week after Daschle met privately with his chairmen of key c= ommittees. Democrats present also called for action on raising the minimum = wage, hate-crimes legislation, a prescription-drug plan for seniors and oth= er issues popular with their supporters.  But concentrating on energy polic= y first gives Democrats an opportunity to seize what has been a Republican = issue and turn it to their advantage, aides said.  Bush and Vice President = Dick Cheney are dogged by their backgrounds as former Texas oilmen. From th= e moment Cheney argued for more oil and gas production to satisfy the energ= y needs of the United States, Democrats portrayed Bush and him as beholden = to special interests.  "The White House and Republicans are in the 35 perce= nt end of public opinion on this," a top Democratic leadership aide, who sp= oke on condition of anonymity, said this week. "It's a loser every day for = the Republicans."  With that in mind, Daschle and Sen. Jeff Bingaman, the N= ew Mexico Democrat who heads the Senate's energy and natural resources comm= ittee, plan to have a comprehensive energy bill ready by the end of July. I= t will be a full- scale alternative to the Bush-Cheney program unveiled in = May.  The first floor disputes on energy policy could occur as early as nex= t week, when the Senate debates the spending bill for the Interior Departme= nt. Republicans and White House lobbyists will have their hands full fendin= g off Democratic amendments to match the House bans on offshore drilling ne= ar Florida beaches and on national monument lands.  The White House helped = defuse some of the oil-exploration dispute earlier this week by scaling bac= k its plans to drill in the Gulf of Mexico. But huge disagreements remain o= ver drilling in Alaska's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, a centerpiece of = Bush's energy plan. Some Democrats intend to offer an amendment to the Inte= rior spending bill that would prohibit drilling in the refuge.  Democrats a= lso want to highlight energy conservation and lower emissions of pollutants= that contribute to global warming. One proposal, which combines conservati= on and anti- pollution goals, would raise gas-mileage requirements for spor= t utility vehicles. The National Academy of Sciences is studying fuel econo= my standards and is expected to issue recommendations to Congress later thi= s month.  The energy debate also splits Senate Republicans, giving Daschle = extra manpower to challenge Bush. Democrats can count on New England Republ= icans such as Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island and Olympia Snowe and Susan Co= llins, both of Maine, to back several Democratic initiatives.  Sen. John Mc= Cain, R-Ariz., who already has opposed Bush on the patients' bill of rights= and campaign finance legislation, also has said he favors more conservatio= n measures than the White House proposes.  "He'll be very prominent in cobb= ling a centrist coalition on the issue," said Marshall Wittman, a senior fe= llow at the conservative Hudson Institute research center and a political a= dviser to McCain. "You can already see the outlines of that proposal -- enc= ouragement of conservation, some exploration, but everything is environment= ally friendly."  The White House already has reacted to the criticism of it= s energy policies. Its budget proposal earlier this year cut research spend= ing for renewable energy, but Bush restored some of the money later. He als= o has paid more attention to energy conservation, indicating support for sp= ending on efficiency measures beyond what he sought in his budget.  But the= president is not backing away from his position that the United States nee= ds to become less dependent on foreign oil. And that, White House officials= say, requires more oil and gas exploration in the United States. The energ= y plan Bush sent to Congress last week would authorize drilling in the Alas= kan wilderness refuge and would use money from the drilling leases to pay f= or research into alternative energy sources.  In addition to public disappr= oval of his stands on the environment and energy, the president is losing t= he sense of urgency that initially accompanied his energy proposals. Rollin= g blackouts in California are on the wane, gasoline prices are falling and = last week John Browne, the chief executive of BP oil, dismissed Bush's call= for new oil refineries.  That gives Democrats a chance to seize the issue = and attack the president without competing pressure from the public for qui= ck solutions.  "It's a target of opportunity," said Burdett Loomis, a polit= ical scientist at the University of Kansas and an expert on the Senate. Lik= e the patients' bill of rights, on which the public sided with Democrats, e= nergy right now "is low-hanging fruit," he said.  =09 
 You can send both, but I'd have folks keep it close to the vest.  Definitely want to make sure that none of our stuff ends up in the hands of the media. 
 Hertzberg (speaker of the CA Assembly) called a meeting yesterday afternoon of the group of market participants that have been negotiating the "core/noncore" proposal in California.  The purpose of the meeting was to brief us on their activities and their gameplan for trying to find a solution for California.  Here's a summary of the meeting.  Please keep confidential.  Work will be done over the weekend to put the core/noncore proposal in legislative language.  (We will be in the room.) Work done by the "Plan B" group in the Assembly (Joe Dutra and Joe Nation) will also be put into legislative language over the weekend. Because no proposal is "comprehensive," a complete legislative package will be created from the various pieces that have been worked on thus far (i.e., core/noncore, "Plan B," Edison MOU) In addition, there are Republican demands that Hertzberg will need to address (e.g., end the litigation) in order to achieve bi-partison support, which is what Hertzberg's shooting for. To move the legislation, the plan is to establish a "conference committee," comprised of an equal number of Democrats and Republicans. The committe would begin work on Monday and would attempt to finish putting a comprehensive bill together, vote it out of the Legislature and send it to the Governor for signing by Monday, July 16th. July 16th is the deadline because that is the date that the PUC will issue its proposed decision regarding, among other things, how DWR's revenue requirement will be put into rates, whether Direct Access needs to be suspended, etc. The PUC is issuing the draft on the 16th in order to give everyone 30 days to review and comment before the Commission votes on a final order on August 15th.  (The PUC will actually issue a "thought piece" on Monday the 9th and will use reactions to the "thought piece" to craft the develop the proposed decision it plans to issue on the 16th.) All of this is still up in the air, however.  As of right now, the leader of the Senate (Burton) has not agreed to Hertzberg's gameplan and the Republicans, while interested, have not yet committed to join the process. 
 Gee, now that's a "rib"-tickler. 
 Thanks very much Mike.  The sense of urgency for getting this in "the mix" is not as high as it was yesterday, though we'll still need to introduce it at some point very soon.  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 nope. 
   California Power-Buying Data Disclosed in Misdirected E-Mail By Daniel T= aub  Sacramento, California, July 6 (Bloomberg) -- California Governor Gray= Davis's office released data on the state's purchases in the spot electric= ity market -- information Davis has been trying to keep secret -- through a= misdirected e-mail.  The e-mail, containing data on California's power pur= chases yesterday, was intended for members of the governor's staff, said Da= vis spokesman Steve Maviglio. It was accidentally sent to some reporters on= the office's press list, he said.  Davis is fighting disclosure of state p= ower purchases, saying it would compromise negotiations for future contract= s. This week, Davis appealed a state judge's order to release spot-market i= nvoices, purchase orders and confirmation sheets for power contracts signed= through June 27. The state is buying electricity on behalf of utilities, w= hich are burdened by debt.  ``It's an internal document,'' Maviglio said of= the e-mail. ``We have a meeting every morning where we discuss issues of t= he day.'' The e-mail contained minutes of today's meeting, he said.  Accord= ing to the e-mail, the state bought 283,000 megawatt- hours of electricity = for $37.4 million yesterday. One megawatt- hour is enough electricity to li= ght 750 typical California homes for an hour. Prices ranged from $25 to $14= 9.99 a megawatt-hour. Maviglio said the information in the e-mail is accura= te.  Power for next-day delivery during peak-use hours averaged $79.67 a me= gawatt-hour on the California-Oregon border yesterday, according to Bloombe= rg Energy Service. California paid an average of $132 on the spot market, a= ccording to the e-mail. Prices on the spot market tend to be higher than on= the day-ahead market.  The governor has proposed releasing data on spot-ma= rket purchases once a quarter, arguing that the state uses power-buying str= ategies tailored to each season. Lawyers for the media and Republican legis= lators say state law requires disclosure of contracts within seven days aft= er they are signed.  =09 
 gee, tough break. 
 Will do.  Best, Jeff 
 can we talk about this? 
 Sorry, but no. 
 Here is some additional information since the circus closed down in Sacramento on Saturday morning.  The Senate adjourned early Saturday morning, closing out both the regular session and the second extraordinary session. The Assembly adjourned a few hours later, closing the regular session, but NOT the second extraordinary session.  The Legislature's options: 1) The Governor calls them back in two weeks, they continue with the second extraordinary session, and pick up where they left off with the bills they were working on up till Saturday morning. 2) The Governor calls them back in two weeks, the Assembly ends the second extraordinary session, they begin a third extraordinary session, and the bills that were left hanging on Saturday morning must start the process from scratch.  However, they can pass a "waiver," which effectively would allow them to start a 3rd session AND then pick up where they left off on Saturday morning. 3) The Governor calls them back in two weeks and the Legislature meets briefly and shuts down without doing anything, i.e., the Govenor can call them back, but he can't make them vote.  In short, the Legislature has a significant amount of discretion to do what they please.  Where to from here? Through its actions on Saturday morning, the Senate has sent a strong signal to Davis that the Senate is not inclined to vote out an Edison bailout that differs from the version it passed prior to leaving for summer recess last July. Just before closing down on Saturday, the Senate also passed a resolution declaring that "...the condition of electric service in California no longer consitutes a 'sudden and severe energy shortage'" and "...that the state of emergency proclaimed by the Governor on January 17, 2001, is at and end."  The resolution seems to send an additional signal that the Senate does not see any great need to bail out Edison.  The Assembly did not pass the resolution, however. Given the Senate's view, and the open hositility between Davis and Burton, Davis' only remaining option seems to be to threaten the Senate with vetoes unless the Senate first passes the Davis' Edison bill.  It is unclear at this time whether Davis would play it that tough. With the Legislature gone, the action turns to the PUC, where a vote on DA suspension is scheduled for Thursday.  We are working with customers and providers to stop DA from being suspended, or at a minimum, to ensure that any suspension date is not retroactive. Finally, Burton held a news conference this morning at which he said: Burton and Senator Bowen (Bowen's been taking the lead on DA in the Senate) will ask the California PUC to do a study on how DA can be retained without "adversely affecting homeowners and small businesses." He doesn't know why "the Governor would waste taxpayers' money to hold a special session." With all the troubled businesses in California right now, he doesn't know why the State would bail Edison out and not the others.  If all this sounds ridiculous, it is.  We'll report back with additional information as we get it.  Best, Jeff 
 USA: UPDATE 1-PG&E utility gives Calpine debt priority status.  07/06/2001 Reuters English News Service (C) Reuters Limited 2001.  (changes 1st paragraph, adds details, company statement) SAN JOSE, Calif., July 6 (Reuters) - Independent power generator Calpine Corp. said on Friday that its contracts with Pacific Gas and Electric Co. will be altered, ensuring that Calpine will continue to supply power to the bankrupt California utility and that it will get paid more than $250 million for power already sold. Calpine stocks rose more than 14 percent, or more than $5, to $43 after the announcement. As part of the contract modification, the $267 million, with interest, that the utility, a unit of PG&E Corp , owes Calpine in past due receivables under the contracts, will be elevated to "administrative priority status," a claim which is paid before any other general unsecured creditors. Calpine will get the money, in a lump sum, as soon as PG&E has a confirmed reorganization plan, which can take as long as four to six months from now, Calpine said. The move is also a step in the process of untangling California's energy crisis, which stemmed from a flawed deregulation plan that has hit the state with a series of rolling blackouts. Under the agreement, Calpine will continue to receive its contractual capacity payments, but it has also set up a fixed rate contract for the next five years of about 5.37 cents per kilowatt-hour. The contracts are known as qualifying facility contracts because Calpine's power plants are qualifying facilities. These types of facilities represent more than 20 percent of the state's power supply and sell power generated from renewable energy sources to the regulated utilities. "Calpine is the first power company to modify its QF contract with PG&E to ensure that Northern California consumers will continue to benefit from these affordable and reliable energy resources," Calpine senior vice president James Macias said in a statement. 
 See you on Sunday with language on Direct Access.  Best, Jeff 
  FYI.  The call took place today at 4:00 pm EDT, but is available for replay for 48 hours.  _____________________________________________________________________________ > > Today at 4 pm, California Governor Gray Davis will host a conference call > to report progress on energy issues and discuss FERC settlement talks. > > The call-in number is (800) 230-1059 and no code is necessary. > > The session will be recorded and available as a digitized replay for 48 > hours at 800-475-6701. Access code: 594640. > 
 Howdy: If Dorothy sent something, I haven't received it. Best, Jeff 
 Really appreciate it.  Thanks very much for the help.  I'll leave you a message should anything come up. Enjoy the Giants game.  Hope they do better tomorrow than they did today.  Best, Jeff 
 Here is a stab at draft legislative language for the core/noncore portion (i.e., section 1) of the agreeement.  See you later today.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Note discussion of Ed, Enron and the 21st Century Energy Project at end of article. Best, Jeff ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ Campaign funds will pay for spots Robert Salladay, Chronicle Sacramento Bureau Saturday, July 7, 2001 ?2001 San Francisco Chronicle Sacramento -- Gov. Gray Davis will begin a series of radio ads next week defending his handling of the energy crisis -- further proof that political campaigning has become a permanent sport. Davis political adviser Garry South said the ads are designed to fill an "information void" among Californians about what the state has accomplished. But they are playing statewide just as millions of dollars of TV ads financed by Republicans and power companies are attacking Davis. "The campaign season has started early," said Rob Stutzman, a consultant with the state GOP, which has not been involved with the anti-Davis TV spots running since June 19. Davis' 60-second radio spot takes the form of an "energy update," where the governor informs listeners that "we" have licensed 16 new power plants, including three Davis opened this month, and that "conservation is the best way to fight back against high energy prices." Davis' ads convey the same information as a series of state-financed "Flex Your Power" ads run by the Department of Consumer Affairs, only those ads don't mention Davis. Davis' campaign fund, worth well above $25 million, is paying for the $150,000-per-week radio spots to avoid accusations he is using state money to finance his political ambitions. South dismissed the notion that the radio ads came in response to the TV ads that make Davis a target, saying the governor's poll numbers are actually going up. He said people laughed at the ads attacking the governor as ridiculous, particularly one showing Davis in Red Square. "One of the reasons we chose this ('energy update') tack," South said, "is that people simply are not in the mood to have some full-out firefight and some partisan battle about this problem. They are in a just-the-facts-ma'am mood." Stutzman said he didn't disagree with South about the ill-timed and partisan nature of the TV ads, which are financed out of Washington, D.C., but he said the governor is also launching a political firefight of his own. "These ads, even though the the first iteration of them sound like public service ads, very much are political ads," Stutzman said. "The reason they may be poor political ads is they use the governor's voice, and I don't think he has any credibility on this issue." Davis already has updated his 2002 campaign Web site, www.gray-davis.com, which includes an odd-looking caricature of the governor and a photo of Davis standing with actor Martin Sheen, who plays a president on the TV show "The West Wing." The Sheen photo dominates the home page. "What we're trying to do with the Web site is have a little fun with it," said South, who declined to say whether Davis would run against President Bush in 2004. Last month, a conservative group with links to Republicans and energy companies began running a series of ads blaming Davis for the energy crisis and saying the state was suffering from "Grayouts." Time magazine reported last month that hundreds of corporations had contributed to the ads attacking Davis, who has accused Texas firms such as Reliant Energy of "unconscionable price-gouging." Reliant, which donated $10,000 to Davis before the energy crisis, has contributed to the anti-Davis advertising effort, according to Time, and the American Taxpayers Alliance hopes to raise as much as $25 million to keep the ads running in California through July. Scott Reed, a former campaign manager for Bob Dole's failed 1996 presidential bid, formed the American Taxpayers Alliance in Washington to raise money for the 30-second ads. He has refused to name his donors, and did not return a call for comment yesterday. Even though the 2002 elections are more than a year away, Republicans are worried they are losing ground in Congress on Bush's energy policy, and Davis' popularity has slipped somewhat in the polls. But the ads mounted by both sides also are designed to change public policy. Davis recently hired former Clinton-Gore campaign and White House strategists Chris Lehane and Mark Fabiani, and Davis' public presence and political pull dramatically increased. Another conservative group, the 21st Century Energy Project, will begin running TV ads next week in Washington to promote expansion of the energy supply, more drilling and nuclear energy. The $500,000, two-week advertising purchase is being coordinated by Ed Gillespie, a former campaign strategist for Bush and a consultant for Houston's Enron Corp., the world's largest energy trader. Gillespie said yesterday his group wants to promote a "conservative, market- oriented message" about energy, to counteract environmental groups such as the Sierra Club. He said environmentalists aren't addressing the gap between supply and demand, except through strict conservation. "We're trying to shape the debate, because it's been pretty one-sided so far," Gillespie said. E-mail Robert Salladay at rsalladay@sfchronicle.com. ?2001 San Francisco Chronicle   Page A - 6 
 Apologies folks, but upon re-reading, I caught some ambiguities and inaccuracies in the first draft that I sent around.  Sure that  errors remain, but this version should at least be somewhat closer.  Changes are in strike-out-underline.  Best, Jeff 
 Called Fielder to confirm and he said that he needed to cancel.  As you know, the Legislature closed without doing anything with Edison's bailout legislation.  The Governor has said that the will order them back into session in two weeks.  That has Fielder and everyone else at Edison scrambling to continue their attempts to stay out of bankruptcy, which means that Fielder won't be focused, and can't focus on, anything else for the next couple of weeks. Let's regroup.  Dave, perhaps we should just go ahead and start with PG&E. Thoughts?  Best, Jeff 
 Below is an update from the weekend's activities.  The group negotiating the core/noncore proposal met over the weekend to attempt to put the proposal into legislative language/format. The product produced thus far is generally sloppy and ill-drafted and the individual facilitating the group is working tonite to integrate the comments provided and discussions that took place today. He will  distribute a new draft by noon tomorrow (PDT). The plan as it currently stands is to deliver a product to Hertzberg by COB tomorrow (Monday). As expected, some in the group are attempting to "recontract" certain portions of the original deal, but those attempts are generally at the margin. The DWR contracts remain a key impediment to any deal. Senator Burton has still not definitively committed to a conference committee to produce a bill to deliver to Davis. In addition, the legislation to create a dedicated rate component to service the bonds to repay the state budget for power purchased by DWR (and de-link the bonds from the DWR contracts) may be on a slower track than folks thought initially. Will have more information tomorrow on where Burton and the bond legislation stand.  Best, Jeff 
 Since it was only Friday since Delainey directed me to send info directly to him, I included him and the others on the last note in order to avoid looking like I was disobeying direct orders 48 hours after receiving them.  Hopefully we can work something out where you distribute as you deem fit.  Hope it's not creating undue headaches.  Best, Jeff 
 i'll be participating.  thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Last time I was in Houston, an IT tech deleted everything---I mean everything---so I need to hunt it down.  Will do so immediately and get you a copy. Best, Jeff 
 Yes.  Thanks very much Maureen and Ginger.  There is a subsequent power point presentation that I'm fairly confident I distributed (may have done so after I got back from New York, so you might also want to search Steve and Rick's in-boxes through the first two weeks of February).  Thanks again for the help.  Best, Jeff 
 This looks like LA Times/Wall Street Journal material...... 
 Thanks.  I have minor, but substantive, edits to the direct access section that Dorothy did, which I believe more accurately capture the document that we previously delivered to Hertzberg and the discussions around that document.  My proposed edits will be distributed to everyone within the next 30-60 minutes.  Thanks to Delaney for all the work.  Best, Jeff 
 Ditto. 
 Sounds good.  How about first thing tomorrow morning for a call? 
 P.S.  Have discussed with Dorothy and will attempt to capture in my proposed edits our discussion.  Best, Jeff 
 may have been updated a bit prior to the presentation, but yep, that's it.  will do for now.  please forward to rick.  when i'm back in the office i'll do more searching.  thanks a bunch.  i'm assuming this is what he's referring to.  Best, Jeff 
 Folks: Here are my edits.  For simplicity, I accepted all the other changes and put mine in strike-out-underline.  They are confined to the direct access section, and to the provisions regarding "spot market service" in particular.  Based on our negotiations, I think it's accurate to state that spot market service was never discussed as "an option to elect."  Instead, the language in the agreement states that it is a "backstop," in the event that on any given day a customer's ESP doesn't show up with the power.  In effect, it retains the utility's duty to serve, like the gas side, but does not expose the utility to any risk of cost recovery for the spot service provided.  I've also added provisions which obligate the utility to provide spot market service in the event that at the outset of the program (i.e., the transition date), the customer, for whatever reason fails to elect Term Service or Direct Access Service.  In both cases, the spot services lasts for a maximum of 30 days, after which the customer must choose Term or Direct Access Service.  Please take a look at the language.  While I haven't put any "stakes in the ground" up till now, I feel strongly about these changes (for reasons I'm happy to discuss), and if folks have issues with incorporating it into the document, I'd request that we have a very brief call to discuss.  I believe that the language as proposed captures my conversation with Dorothy.  In addition, I've also taken a stab at language requested by Delainey, i.e., "what to do about DA in the interm?"  There may be better ways to craft the language, but I took a shot nonetheless.  Finally, I'm assuming, based on yesterday's call, that, by delivering this document to the Speaker today, no one is giving their approval, support, or anything else for each and every provision.  I'm not prepared to, and cannot, do that at this time.  Thanks again to all for all the effort (and to Dorothy for her patience in hearing me out earlier).  Best, Jeff 
 "Sacramento or Salem?"  Sort of has a nice ring to it. 
 No intent to make people pay twice.  Anticipated that Edison might not want to be at risk for costs associated with retail gen service (e.g., AS, GMC, shaping) while only allowed to charge the wholesale price.  Any changes necessary to ensure no double counting are welcome.  Also, if 30 days seems to short to for some customers do strike a deal with either the utility or an ESP, then it might be appropriate, and I wouldn't object, to extending it to 90 days.  In my conversation with Dorothy, both 30 and 90 came up.  90 is reasonable, but it would seem to be the uppermost  limit.  Thanks very much for the comments.  Best, Jeff 
 You're a saint. 
 Thanks Barbara: Dorothy just phoned me and I believe we're all squared away.  Can you call her and make sure that you're comfortable?  Best, Jeff 
 Hi:  Thanks for the wires story.  I talked to Dorothy and we're square.  If anyone tries to make any other changes, please let me know first or have them call me directly, whichever you prefer.  Thanks for all your help.  Best, Jeff 
 No comments.   And continued good luck with the process.  Best, Jeff 
 Religion, huh?  Interesting.  Your folks may disown you, though.  I don't know how you could think that cooking would be more fun than bond finance--you crazy?  The Pilot: I need to know exactly what the pilot is and with whom your doing it.  Yes, I need the champion's name, and fast.  The meetings will work, but I forgot, what week?  Next week or week after?  (May want to wait until plane service gets normal?)  Have fun in SC--why don't you guys live there?  Not a bad commute for you; Scott can surf; we can come down and play bluegrass!  Sell the flat, dammit.  Kisses, Jeff  PS Colleen doing OK?  I can come by after class on Wednesday--class is at Boalt, so we get out at 8:30, you know what slackers law students are.... 
 The Bond Legislation The Democrats in the Assembly and Sentate have agreed to language to create a Dedicated Rate Component to repay the budget and de-link the bonds from the DWR contracts. But the Republicans have still not agreed to go along. The bill would require a 2/3's vote to keep the bond issuance on schedule, so Republican votes are necessary. The Republicans are trying to meet tonite or tomorrow to determine whether to go along.  The Conference Committee Senator Burton does not like the idea of a conference committee and at this point prefers to use the existing committee structure to hear the core/noncore proposal. Using the existing committee structure could take longer to produce a bill than using the conference committee structure, but how much longer is uncertain. No sense yet of when hearings on the core/noncore proposal---in conference committee or otherwise--will take place, though Burton continues to say that he wants to "give it a chance."  The Core/Noncore Legislative Language The negotiating group continues to work on the language. The language was supposed to be delivered to Hertzberg by COB today, but more work needs to be done and it is now scheduled to be delivered first thing tomorrow morning.  Senator Dunn's Investigative Committee Hearing The hearing's been moved from tomorrow to Wednesday.  Best, Jeff 
 Heeeeeeeeeeeeee Haaaaaaaaaaawww!!!!!   Gouge dat taht moh! 
 It's a hell hole, whaddya think?  Be great if you stopped by.  Just let me know when you're going to be here.  Love to have dinner and catch up.  You involved at all with the gas infrastructure stuff that's going on at the Cal PUC.  If not, I think that you should be.  Now that Fawcett has left TW and Susan Scott's in our shop in Houston with Christie, I'm a little concerned about TW (I don't have as much time to monitor anymore).  Be great if you got involved.  Hope all is well with you and yours.  Best, Jeff 
 Appreciate it.  Take care.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Could you please forward to Bev?  More arrows for our quiver in trying to get out the truth.  Best, Jeff 
  California; Metro Desk Electricity Cost Data Spread the Blame Power: Many suppliers charged more than the firms that Davis has pilloried, records show. RICH CONNELL; ROBERT J. LOPEZ; DOUG SMITH TIMES STAFF WRITERS  07/10/2001 Los Angeles Times Home Edition B-1 Copyright 2001 / The Times Mirror Company  SACRAMENTO -- California's energy meltdown involves a far more diverse group of wholesale electricity merchants than suggested by Gov. Gray Davis, who has aggressively blamed a handful of Texas companies, state records show. During the first three months of this year--one of the worst stretches of power shortages during the crisis--an assortment of public and private entities charged the state prices averaging well above some of those paid to Texas firms, according to documents released to The Times on Monday by the Department of Water Resources, which now buys power for California. Among those setting and collecting some of the highest average prices per megawatt-hour were a Canadian public utility, a subsidiary of San Diego Gas & Electric's parent company, and the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, the report shows. Their average prices ranged from $498 a megawatt-hour charged by Powerex, the trading arm of British Columbia's BC Hydro, to $292 an hour by the DWP. In fact, some of the biggest private power companies singled out for criticism by Davis and other state officials--Dynegy Inc., Duke Energy and Mirant--charged less than the average prices the state paid for the period. Those companies' average prices ranged from $146 to $240 per megawatt-hour, according to an analysis of the documents. The figures cover the various types of spot and longer-term power purchased by the state during three months that included rolling blackouts and more than a month of razor-thin reserves, leading to continuous power emergencies. Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said the governor has directed his sharpest barbs at private out-of-state generators because, in general, they have reaped the highest profits over the longest period. "You have to look at the whole picture," Maviglio said. "The governor was expressing his displeasure with the arrogance of the generators who wear cowboy hats," he said. "Their profits were 100% to 400% above last year. . . . Just because there are other entities who are charging us more [per megawatt-hour] doesn't change the fact that we are getting ripped off by companies from Houston, Tulsa, Atlanta or Charlotte." The report by the Department of Water Resources was provided to The Times on the same day the state released 1,700 pages of documents on California's electricity purchases on the volatile spot market for the year's first quarter. The records detail how the state spent nearly $8 billion buying power in the first five months of the year, and underscore the complexity of the state's energy problem. They also show that patterns of high prices are not limited to a few generators. Oscar Hidalgo, a spokesman for the water resources agency, said that the reports together show that prices were extremely volatile early in the year. "All the prices were high," he said, noting the downward trend in costs since his agency began buying power in mid-January. The average price per megawatt-hour for all state purchases went from $316 in January to $243 in May. Spot prices fell from an average of $321 per hour to $271, the reports show. In the first quarter of the year, some public entities' prices far exceeded those of the biggest private companies. For example, Houston-based Enron, one of the nation's biggest power traders, charged an average of $181 per megawatt-hour. And Atlanta-based Mirant, which sold the most to the state, a total of $706 million, charged an average of $225 per megawatt-hour. By contrast, a Calgary, Canada, firm, TransAlta Energy, averaged $335 a megawatt-hour, and the Sacramento Municipal Utility District had average charges of $330 per megawatt-hour. A spokesman for Enron, Mark Palmer, said recently that the "vilification of Enron was based on politics, not facts." Spokesmen for BC Hydro could not be reached late Monday to comment on its huge sales to the state. In the past, the utility has defended its pricing practices, saying it has offered last-minute hydroelectric power that helped keep California's lights on. A spokeswoman for Sempra, the parent company of San Diego Gas & Electric, said late Monday the company was unable to comment because it had yet to see the figures released by the state. Officials at DWP, who could not be reached Monday evening, have defended their pricing, saying the costs of producing the power needed by the state were extremely high. More Power Bought Than Projected Hidalgo, of the Department of Water Resources, said his agency's efforts, coupled with conservation by business and consumers and falling natural gas prices, have begun to tame the state's market. Still, the state had to purchase $321 million in power in April and May, about 10% more than Davis' analysts had projected. Hidlago said that was because of hot weather in May and other supply problems in April. He said reports will show that power purchases fell short of state projections in June and early July. The reports also will show that prices paid by the state were down in June and July, partly because spot prices have fallen sharply, often to well under $100 a megawatt-hour. A summary Department of Water Resources report released Monday credited Davis' program of nurturing new power generation and establishing long-term power contracts with with "moving the California electric energy industry closer to normalcy."   Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 Mark, Congratulations on the story in the Times.  FYI.  Today's radio media (local and national) are all giving the same basic message that:  "Davis got beat up in FERC negotiations; judge sides decidedly with generators; Davis team trying in vain to spin it their way, but it's clear they lost. "  Freeman was pathetic on the radio this morning.  Interviewers weren't buying his BS at all.  Best, Jeff 
 Only couple brief comments on the version that includes Edison's comments:  Under the definition of "Spot Market Service" it now reads:  This service is available for Large Customers and Medium Customers whose service from a Direct Access provider has been interrupted, or who have failed to elect or be deemed to elect either Direct Access, Core Service or Term Service.  I don't understand the meaning of the phrase "or be deemed to elect."  If inserting the phrase serves an important purpose, then perhaps it's appropriate to leave it in.  But we haven't discussed any reason for needing it.  As such, given the last-minute nature of the change, it should be deleted.  There is one heckuvalot of detail in the rate-related language that Edison provided that we didn't have a chance to discuss in our negotiations.  It may turn out that it's all fine, but I frankly haven't haven't had the chance to adequately wrap my meager mind around the language, so I just want to let folks know that many more comments on those pieces may pop up from my end in the near term. Finally, I just want to raise a flag on section 25465 (a) (6) regarding the green portfolio standard.  We never discussed/analyzed those additional percentages and consequently we never established a "zone of comfort" around including those numbers.  That may become an issue (and may not, just wanted to briefly flag it).  Thanks again for all the effort.  Best, Jeff 
 any sense of why all the pulling? 
 Found the final.  Don't know if it differs from the one distributed yesterday.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
   Please see the following articles:  Sac Bee, Tues, 5/10: No deal in energy refund talks  Sac Bee, Tues, 5/10: Third power plant opens: But the Los Medanos=20 facility isn't pouring out electricity yet  Sac Bee, Tues, 5/10: State reveals high-priced power deals  Sac Bee, Tues, 5/10: Government finds ways to conserve: The Santa Rita=20 Jail goes solar as agencies get creative to cut costs  SD Union, Tues, 5/10: Energy talks reach no settlement; state threatens sui= t  SD Union, Tues, 5/10: Refunds in jeopardy as talks fail  SD Union, Tues, 5/10: State's massive outlays detailed  SD Union, Tues, 5/10: State releases early spot market energy purchases  LA Times, Mon, 5/9: FERC Judge Says State Owed No More Than $1 Billion  LA Times, Tues, 5/10: Electricity Cost Data Spread the Blame  LA Times, Tues, 5/10: Duke Energy Asked to Allow Release of Data  LA Times, Mon, 5/9: Concern Over Price of Long-Term Power Pacts Grows  SF Chron, Tues, 5/10: State's refund demand rejected=20 Judge ends rebate talks, rebukes $9 billion claim=20  SF Chron, Tues, 5/10: Davis opens another new power plant=20 Pittsburg facility will generate 555 megawatts  SF Chron, Tues, 5/10: California rejects B.C. Hydro $125 million settlement  SF Chron, Tues, 5/10: Davis' criticism of Texas misdirected, report finds  SF Chron, Tues, 5/10: Developments in California's energy crisis  SF Chron, Tues, 5/10: Energy talks reach no settlement; state threatens sui= t  SF Chron, Tues, 5/10: Toxic fumes not linked to blackouts=20 Backup power OK in facilities, report says  Mercury News, Tues, 5/10: Power suppliers, state fail to agree on refund to= tal  Mercury News, Tues, 5/10: Power purchase bills exceed $7.5 billion Biggest suppliers are not from Texas  OC Register, Tues, 5/10: Refund outlook dims  OC Register, Tues, 5/10: State reveals details of power purchases  OC Register, Tues, 5/10: Ghost of Bob Citron roaming halls of capital Gray Davis is following footsteps of former O.C. treasurer into fiscal chao= s      (Commentary)  Individual.com (PRnewswire), Tues, 5/10: Calpine's Los Medanos Energy Cent= er Adds Needed Generation to California Second New Major Base Load Generato= r for California =09   NY Times, Tues, 5/10: California and Generators Still Split After 2-Week Ta= lks  Wash. Post, Tues, 5/10: Energy Refund Talks Fail In Calif.; Federal Agency'= s Judge To Propose Settlement  WSJ, Tues, 5/10: California and Energy Companies Miss Deadline  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------= ---------------------------------------------------------------------------= -----------------------  No deal in energy refund talks=20 By David Whitney Bee Washington Bureau (Published July 10, 2001)=20 WASHINGTON -- Negotiations to settle a tangle of issues arising out of Cali= fornia's electricity debacle sputtered to an end Monday with the sides ligh= t-years apart on refunds for overpriced wholesale power sales.=20 The impasse raises the specter of years of litigation, with a regulatory ju= dge proposing a formula that could limit refunds to about $1 billion while = California is seeking at least $8.9 billion and perhaps much more.=20 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission administrative judge Curtis Wagner sai= d that within a week he'll urge the five FERC commissioners to begin fact-f= inding hearings on how much is truly owed, following guidelines he outlined= sketchily Monday.=20 Among them would be limiting the time when refunds are allowed -- something= that could reduce state claims by about one-third -- and changing the way = power plant costs are calculated to a formula more favored by generators.= =20 Gov. Gray Davis said he was heartened by the judge's belief that California= is due some amount of refund money, rejecting the generators' arguments fo= r no refunds.=20 With the 15-day negotiation session nearly moribund, generators and power t= raders had offered up $716 million in proposed refunds in the final days. B= ut Wagner indicated that that would have to be offset by money the state st= ill owes power companies, meaning no cash would actually change hands.=20 The judge held out the possibility that at least two parties, including San= Jose-based Calpine Corp., could reach separate agreements with the state.= =20 "From what I know, it looks like we can reach an agreement," Calpine spokes= man Bill Highlander confirmed Monday. But he said he could not disclose any= details under Wagner's gag order on participants in the negotiations.=20 Enron Corp., one of the nation's highest-profile power traders, said Califo= rnia officials killed the talks by never budging from their claims that the= state's consumers deserved at least $8.9 billion in refunds for overcharge= s.=20 "These talks never had a chance," said Enron spokesman Mark Palmer. "Their = political skins are worth more than $716 million that the taxpayers of Cali= fornia could have used. It was about creating and maintaining a tool for a = witch hunt."=20 Of the $716 million compromise offer, $510 million was put on the table by = what Wagner called the "Big Five" generators -- Reliant, Duke, Mirant, Will= iams and Dynegy -- some of whom are under state investigation. Another $125= million was offered by BC Hydro, British Colombia's government utility, wh= ich is not under FERC jurisdiction, and $16.5 million was offered by six Ca= lifornia municipal utilities.=20 The Sacramento Municipal Utility District, the state's second-largest munic= ipal utility, also declined to comment on the talks or any settlement amoun= t it may have offered, but said it would outline its position in writing Th= ursday, the judge's deadline for comments on his proposal.=20 Consumer advocates and some industry officials said the judge's brief publi= c remarks make it difficult to predict exactly what the impacts could be on= the state's troubled electric scene.=20 "If the judge is saying that the refund is topped at a billion that's outra= geous," said Nettie Hoge, head of The Utility Reform Network. "If they're g= oing to start doing some fact finding, hallelujah."=20 Hoge said the talks had been unrealistic from the start, because there was = no effort by FERC to determine how high the overcharges had actually been a= nd then work toward a compromise from there.=20 The state used a formula calculated by its nonprofit grid operator, the Ind= ependent System Operator, which was attacked by marketers as wildly high ev= en while the state called it conservatively low.=20 Joel Newton, representing all five of the big generators, said Monday that = the ISO has consistently based its demand on "sketchy and incomplete" data.= =20 The face-off between Davis and power merchants began last fall, as wholesal= e electricity costs were soaring and California utilities warned that they = could be driven into bankruptcy.=20 The governor said generators and traders took advantage of the state's powe= r shortage to manipulate markets and gouge consumers. Generators said they = followed all laws and were only deriving fair profits in a scarcity situati= on.=20 FERC, which entered the picture because by law it has to ensure that electr= icity rates are "just and reasonable," has made repeated, unsuccessful effo= rts to craft a solution that could appease both sides.=20 State Assembly Speaker Robert Hertzberg, D-Sherman Oaks, said Monday that t= he failure of the settlement talks to agree on a refund figure "comes as no= surprise."=20 Negotiators representing generators "refused to even acknowledge the inesca= pable fact that they have profited enormously by exploiting a dysfunctional= market -- at California's expense," he said.=20 Davis, who had accused the generators of failing to negotiate in good faith= with state representatives, said that although FERC commissioners have bee= n slow to respond to his requests for refunds and for price caps on wholesa= le electricity, they "now have the opportunity to redeem themselves."=20 He suggested the commissioners can opt to award California more than is rec= ommended by the judge.=20 Wagner, after mediating talks that continued throughout the weekend, seemed= resigned to the fact that trying to bring more than 50 government, utility= and power generating entities together proved to be an exercise in futilit= y.=20 Michael Kahn, head of the California delegation and consultant to the Calif= ornia ISO, nonetheless came away thinking the state had fared pretty well.= =20 "We came here wanting $8.9 billion," Kahn said. "In all candor, we didn't r= eceive any meaningful settlement offers and so the negotiations were not as= helpful as we had hoped they would be. But our positions were vindicated" = because refunds were offered.=20 Meanwhile, Pacific Gas and Electric Co. and Southern California Edison soun= ded the call for more talks.=20 "We're willing to talk to anyone, anytime about a settlement," said Steve P= ickett, general counsel of Southern California Edison. PG&E said in a prepa= red statement that the sessions "provide a solid basis for further negotiat= ions."=20 How much money the state might eventually receive remains the big question = mark. Wagner said settlement offers of $716 million suggest that eventual r= efunds will amount to "hundreds of millions of dollars, maybe a billion." B= ut he also stressed that he would recommend no specific figure to FERC comm= issioners and does not know how big refunds might eventually be.=20 Other recommendations Wagner said he would make to the commission were a mi= xed bag for the state.=20 The judge said he would recommend refunds no further back than Oct. 2, 2000= , an action that Kahn said would immediately slice $3 billion off the state= 's refund analysis that stretched back to May 2000.=20 But Kahn said that was no defeat for the state, which would turn to the cou= rts to recover that and any other sums excluded from a final refund order.= =20 "We still have a viable litigation claim for the remainder," Kahn said.=20 Brent Bailey, vice president and general counsel of Duke Energy of North Am= erica, said he felt the formula laid out by Wagner would generate a refund = order in the range of $1 billion to $1.5 billion.=20 "It's a reasonable amount in the context of these settlement talks," Bailey= said.=20  The Bee's David Whitney can be reached at (202) 383-0004 or dwhitney@mcclat= chydc.com .=20 Staff writers Emily Bazar and Dale Kasler contributed to this report.    Third power plant opens: But the Los Medanos facility isn't pouring out ele= ctricity yet.=20 By Carrie Peyton Bee Staff Writer (Published July 10, 2001)=20 The flood of new electricity being welcomed by Gov. Gray Davis was only a t= rickle at the latest power plant that the governor opened on Monday, accord= ing to sources close to California's energy crisis.=20 Heralded by Davis as part of a "powerful one-two-three punch" that will bri= ng California closer to energy independence, the Los Medanos Energy Center = in Pittsburg spit out no more than 20 megawatts on its opening day, they sa= id.=20 That is less than 5 percent of the plant's 555-megawatt operating capacity.= =20 Los Medanos could generate a couple of hundred megawatts later this week bu= t is not expected to reach its full output for two to three weeks, accordin= g to knowledgable sources.=20 Representatives for Calpine and the governor's office, when pressed for det= ails, acknowledged that the plant was not running at full tilt but said the= y did not know how much electricity was actually produced Monday.=20 Calpine, which will bill someone for whatever electricity it sells from Los= Medanos, is keeping track of the production but the figure wasn't immediat= ely available for the media, spokeswoman Katherine Potter said.=20 "Even if it was two megawatts, that's two more megawatts that we didn't hav= e yesterday," said Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio.=20 He said the opening was "largely ceremonial," timed for the convenience of = the governor and Calpine's top executive.=20 But consumer advocate Harvey Rosenfield called the media event "a deception= ." It was the third highly publicized power plant launch the governor has a= ttended in the past two weeks.=20 "It's the governor trying to convince people he's hard at work solving the = problem when it's all for show," Rosenfield said. "He's governing by sound = bite. He's certainly getting his money's worth from the consultants he hire= d."=20 Davis political adviser Garry South said last week that the governor's new = radio ad campaign will highlight the efforts to produce more power in Calif= ornia.=20 "Generation comes up in our polls as being the No. 1 thing people want us t= o do -- build more power plants," South said then. "People want the sense t= hat progress is being made -- that this is not spiraling out of control."= =20 The other two plants that Davis kicked off -- Sunrise in Kern County and Su= tter near Yuba City -- have since been running at maximum capacity.=20 Calpine anticipates pumping the full 550 megawatts out of Los Medanos withi= n a week to 10 days, company officials said.=20 "In the first month of these new plants, there are always stops and starts,= " said Calpine spokesman Bill Highlander. "Sometimes we shut down altogethe= r."=20 Including the three just-opened facilities, new or expanded power plants ar= e expected to add 1,500 megawatts to the state's struggling electric grid b= y the end of July, and 870 megawatts of that is already in place, according= to the state Independent System Operator.=20 Another 1,000 megawatts is anticipated for the end of August and 1,100 more= for the end of September, under a rough timetable that is likely to see so= me plants zip ahead of schedule and others fall behind.=20  The Bee's Carrie Peyton can be reached at (916) 321-1086 or cpeyton@sacbee.= com .     State reveals high-priced power deals=20 By Dale Kasler and Chris Bowman Bee Staff Writers (Published July 10, 2001)=20 The state Monday released details of its adventures in buying electricity o= n the spot market, revealing a chaotic world in which prices fluctuate wild= ly within minutes.=20 The Department of Water Resources, which has been criticized for keeping it= s power-purchasing practices a secret, released 1,770 pages of invoices and= trade confirmations that provided the most detailed look yet of its purcha= ses since it jumped into the energy-buying business Jan. 17. The informatio= n was released a week after state Controller Kathleen Connell put out detai= ls of the state's long-term power contracts over the objections of Gov. Gra= y Davis, her political nemesis.=20 The state has committed about $8.1 billion to buying power on behalf of Cal= ifornia's crippled utilities, straining the budget surplus and raising ques= tions from lawmakers and others about Davis' policies for resolving the sta= te's energy crisis. In turn, state officials have accused many suppliers of= gouging California to the tune of several billion dollars.=20 When it came to the spot market, the water department was at the mercy of a= business run amok. The state paid upward of $300 a megawatt-hour for days = in January and February -- months when electricity normally should be a lot= cheaper. Water officials said prices have dropped to the $100 range largel= y because they've signed a slew of long-term contracts, reducing their depe= ndence on spot sales.=20 "Our exposure earlier this year to the spot market was at the maximum," sai= d Oscar Hidalgo, spokesman for the water department.=20 The information released Monday covered the first three months of the year = and didn't include the highest price the water department has paid for elec= tricity: $1,900 a megawatt-hour in May to Reliant Energy Inc., a Texas gene= rator that owns several plants in the state. Duke Energy Corp. of North Car= olina charged even more for power in January, $3,880 a megawatt hour, but t= hat sale was made to the Independent System Operator, which runs the state'= s transmission grid.=20 The documents show that while the state's stricken utilities no longer buy = power for themselves, their sister companies have sold expensive power.=20 Through May 31, the state paid a trading arm of Sempra Energy, the parent o= f San Diego Gas & Electric, some $429 million for power. It paid PG&E Energ= y Trading, an unregulated sister company of Pacific Gas and Electric Co., a= bout $23.7 million.=20 Among others, the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power was paid $331 m= illion through May 31; Canadian utility BC Hydro was paid $1.05 billion; At= lanta's Mirant Corp. $1.24 billion; the federal government's Bonne=07ville = Power Administration $167 million; and the Sacramento Municipal Utility Dis= trict $80.7 million.=20 Generally, the more desperate the state was for power, the higher the price= s. For instance, Oklahoma-based generator Williams Cos. commanded $565 a me= gawatt-hour March 20, when blackouts struck more than 1 million Californian= s.=20 Location also was critical. On March 8 the state paid the PG&E trading unit= $250 but only $180 to Arizona-based Pinnacle West Capital Corp. The differ= ence was that PG&E's power was delivered to energy-starved Northern Califor= nia, while Pinnacle's was sent to Southern California where energy wasn't s= o scarce.=20 Split-second timing was also crucial. At 9:09 a.m. Feb. 14, the state paid = $400 to Mirant for power to be delivered the next day. By 10 a.m. it was pa= ying Mieco Inc., a Long Beach trading firm, $475 for the same product.=20 "That's the spot market -- it's the most volatile market in the world, and = it changes on a second-by-second basis," said Enron Corp. spokesman Mark Pa= lmer.=20 For all the criticism leveled at Duke, Reliant and other big corporations, = government-owned entities were among the most aggressive at charging high p= rices.=20 BC Hydro, the electric utility owned by the Canadian province of British Co= lumbia, submitted bills for up to $1,000 a megawatt-hour. The city of Glend= ale charged $375 a megawatt-hour for power in January, while SMUD charged $= 309 a megawatt-hour in March. The city of Eugene, Ore., averaged $450 a meg= awatt-hour in February.=20 "We play by the rules of the electricity trade marketplace," said BC Hydro = spokesman Wayne Cousins. "Our traders worked very hard to find additional s= ources of electricity to keep the lights on in California. Had we not come = through and stepped forward with these supplies, the consequences to Califo= rnia customers would have been severe."=20 The state also said it has spent $14.4 million on administrative costs in b= uying power.=20  The Bee's Dale Kasler can be reached at (916) 321-1066 or dkasler@sacbee.co= m .     Government finds ways to conserve: The Santa Rita Jail goes solar as agenci= es get creative to cut costs. By Cheryl Miller Bee Correspondent (Published July 10, 2001)=20 To Matt Muniz, the solar panels sprouting on the rooftop of the Santa Rita = Jail in Dublin aren't just energy-makers; they're money in the bank.=20 When all 4,000 panels are completely installed this month, the 500-kilowatt= photovoltaic system -- the largest rooftop project ever constructed in the= United States -- will cut the jail's demand on the electric grid by up to = 20 percent, according to Muniz, Alameda County's energy program manager.=20 That sun power, combined with conservation projects already completed at th= e jail, will slash about $300,000 a year from the facility's energy bill. M= uniz is already scouting other county rooftops for solar potential.=20 "With the cost of electricity going up, you can start looking at it as a bu= siness decision, just investing your money," said Muniz. "There's virtually= no maintenance on this equipment. It just sits on your roof and converts r= ight into electricity that you're using as soon as you generate it. I think= (solar) is the wave of the future, even though it's been around 30 or 40 y= ears."=20 The Santa Rita Jail project is among the largest, and perhaps most conspicu= ous, examples of steps government agencies are taking to cut electricity us= e in response to skyrocketing power bills and Gov. Gray Davis' call for pub= lic entities to conserve.=20 Among the examples:=20 San Francisco leaders are pondering a bond measure to finance solar-powered= rooftop projects around the city.=20 The Tulare County town of Lindsay will open City Hall two hours earlier -- = at 6 a.m.-- and close at 4:30 p.m. Monday through Thursday this summer so o= ffices can stay dark all day Friday and during peak-use afternoon hours.=20 Sacramento County has instituted a casual dress policy so employees can bet= ter withstand office temperatures that climb as high as 78 degrees. Workers= have also set sprinklers to run at night so that electric water pumps oper= ate during low demand.=20 "When you start to see the bills going up and you start to hear concerns fr= om some citizens, that obviously raises the threshold of wanting to help ou= t," said Jolena Voorhis, an energy analyst at the California State Associat= ion of Counties. "Certainly (counties) stepped up to the plate when they we= re asked to increase conservation efforts. They've done about as much as hu= manly possible."=20 Kings County leaders thought they made a great deal in 1992 when they signe= d up for Southern California Edison's interruptible load program, which pro= mises customers lower rates in exchange for agreeing to shut down electrica= l services in times of shortage.=20 Then California's power crisis hit full-force this year. Since January, Edi= son has called on the Central Valley county to cut electricity at its Hanfo= rd government center 16 times -- for up to six hours each cycle.=20 At times that meant no lights to greet the public, no computers to process = food stamp requests and during the Valley's foggy winter days, no heat to w= arm many of the 1,200 employees.=20 "We had one week in January when we were virtually shut down," said Chief A= dministrative Officer Larry Spikes. "We just decided we couldn't function t= hat way."=20 So Kings County supervisors bought a $550,000 diesel-powered generator to m= atch those already at the jail and juvenile center. They also decided to op= en and close administrative offices one hour earlier this summer so buildin= gs can power down before high demand hits the grid around 4 p.m.=20 The new hours, dimmed hallways and moments of darkness that occur when the = generators kick on have become a routine part of doing government business = these days, Spikes said.=20 So far, most counties have been able to absorb higher energy costs without = cutting into programs because of relatively healthy budgets in recent years= , Voorhis said.=20 Public agencies' power troubles have proved a boon to some businesses.=20 Revenues at PowerLight, the Berkeley company that installed the Santa Rita = Jail photovoltaic system, have tripled since last year.=20 "The last six months have been particularly intense," said Janice Lin, dire= ctor of business development for PowerLight. "In some ways the energy crisi= s in California has been a call to action."=20 The Sacramento Municipal Utility District, which already boasts the largest= photovoltaic program in the country, has a 2,000-customer waiting list for= solar projects and plans to bring sun power to the state Capitol, said Don= Osborn, SMUD's solar program manager.=20 Back in Dublin, the 3,600 inmates at the Santa Rita Jail still receive thre= e meals, air conditioning and hot showers -- powered now, in part, by the p= lentiful sun in this relatively fog-free part of the East Bay.=20 The $4 million project, financed entirely with state and utility subsidies,= should generate enough savings to pay for itself within the decade, Muniz = said.=20 "It's a good investment for the money we're putting up front," he said.       Energy talks reach no settlement; state threatens suit        By Mark Sh= erman ASSOCIATED PRESS  July 10, 2001  WASHINGTON - With talks between the = state and power generators stalled, California may go to court to help win = the $8.9 billion state officials believe it was overcharged for electricity= .  "I think we have demonstrated very clearly both to the FERC and to the j= udge that the state is owed $8.9 billion and will settle for nothing less,"= said Roger Salazar, a spokesman for Gov. Gray Davis.  With negotiations at= an impasse, the administrative law judge for the Federal Energy Regulatory= Commission said California is probably owed no more than $1 billion in ref= unds.    "The numbers were too far apart," said Curtis Wagner, the FERC chi= ef administrative law judge.  California, Wagner said, may receive nothing = at all, because generators may be owed more than they have to return for an= y overcharges.  He placed the refunds owed the state at between $716 millio= n and $1 billion. Power providers had offered $716 million as part of an ov= erall settlement, while California state officials sought $8.9 billion, Wag= ner said.  He said California officials had not made the case for $8.9 bill= ion in refunds.  Salazar, however, said the state would go to court and may= ask for $20 billion.  Separately, Wagner split off claims of overcharges f= rom the Pacific Northwest, saying he has not had time to consider those all= egations under the short timetable ordered by FERC last month.  Wagner serv= ed as a mediator during the 15 days of negotiations and will recommend a se= ttlement to FERC by next Monday. The commission ordered the talks last mont= h in an effort to resolve differences between producers and the state over = the breakdown of California's deregulated electricity market.  Consumer adv= ocates assailed the judge's recommendation and urged the state to continue = its attempt to get refunds from what they say are profiteering power compan= ies.  "It's like catching a bank robber, but instead of making him give bac= k all of it, you only make him give back 5 percent of what he stole," said = Douglas Heller, spokesman for the Santa Monica-based Foundation for Taxpaye= r and Consumer Rights.  Power generators, however, were generally pleased w= ith Wagner's comments.  Brent Bailey, general counsel for Duke Energy, said= even if the formula Wagner recommends produces $1.5 billion in refunds, "t= hat's a reasonable amount in the context of these settlement talks."  Calif= ornia officials, negotiating on behalf of utilities, the Public Utilities C= ommission and state power buyers, accused the producers of manipulating sup= ply to unfairly drive up prices.  The producers have acknowledged prices ar= e high, but blame jumps in the price of natural gas, which fuels many power= plants, and the workings of the free market.  The bill for wholesale power= in California soared to $27 billion last year from $7 billion the year bef= ore. Davis has estimated the state could spend as much as $50 billion this = year.  The producers reiterated Monday that California's numbers are grossl= y inflated. Attorneys for the five major generators - Duke Energy, Dynegy, = Mirant, Reliant Energy and the Williams Cos. - said in a statement that the= y have made a "very substantial global settlement offer."  Reliant would ag= ree to no more than $50 million in refunds as part of an overall settlement= that also would have to include protection from additional legal claims, s= aid John H. Stout, a company senior vice president.  But Stout also said, "= Reliant's fundamental position has been and remains that no refunds are jus= tified."              Refunds in jeopardy as talks fail        Judge sees p= ossibility of offsets equal to the billions sought by state By Toby Eckert = COPLEY NEWS SERVICE  July 10, 2001  WASHINGTON -- Settlement talks between= California and power providers accused of electricity price gouging collap= sed yesterday, and the judge who will now hand the case over to federal reg= ulators set a course far from favorable to the state's demand for $8.9 bill= ion in refunds.  "There are refunds due that total hundreds of millions of = dollars and maybe a billion dollars," Curtis L. Wagner Jr., chief administr= ative law judge for the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, said in previ= ewing the recommendations he will make to the commission.  But Wagner, who = mediated the talks, also suggested that power sellers are still owed sums f= or electricity "that probably are higher than any overcharges" for which th= ey may have to pay refunds.  That opened the possibility that California co= uld see no cash refunds, only a reduction in the billions of dollars the po= wer generators and marketers claim they are owed by state entities and util= ities.  Wagner said he would recommend that FERC hold a "fast-track hearing= " to try to untangle the complex financial claims and counterclaims arising= from California's power crisis.  Wagner also outlined a method that he sai= d FERC should use for calculating refunds.  While his proposed formula incl= udes part of one method the state used, it contains several elements for ca= lculating electricity costs that were favored by power sellers, who maintai= n that California's numbers are wildly exaggerated.  "I would suspect that = would result in a number much below $8.9 billion," said Joe Ronan, vice pre= sident of Calpine, a San Jose-based electricity generator. "I think (Wagner= 's method) reflects more accurately what actually happened" in the state's = dysfunctional power market.  But Michael Kahn, the state's lead negotiator,= said Wagner "vindicated" California's core arguments.  "The hundreds of pe= ople who came here on the other side had argued to the mediator that there = should not be any refunds, and that position was loudly rejected," said Kah= n, chairman of the organization that manages most of California's power gri= d.  "We think the numbers, even using the judge's formula, are going to be = in the multiple billions. Whatever amount of money . . . is awarded to us, = we will have viable claims in state court and other jurisdictions for the r= emainder. So what we have here is a situation where California will get its= $8.9 billion."  Power sellers acknowledged that the threat of litigation r= emains worrisome to them. They sought an end to investigations of their con= duct, and immunity from legal action as part of their bargaining position. = During two weeks of negotiations ordered by FERC, the two sides came nowhe= re near bridging their differences. Wagner said a number of power sellers h= ad put forward offers that totaled $716.1 million.  "That's a long way from= splitting the difference," he said. "In 15 days, you can't work miracles."= Yesterday -- the deadline for completing the talks -- the ill will betwee= n the two sides broke into the open as Wagner allowed reporters into the pr= eviously closed hearings.  Each side essentially accused the other of barga= ining in bad faith and failing to put forward realistic proposals.  John H.= Stout, a senior vice president at Reliant Energy Wholesale Group, said the= state used "biased calculations" to arrive at its $8.9 billion refund dema= nd. He also said that Reliant offered to knock $50 million off the $300 mil= lion it claims it is still owed for power sold into the state.  Kahn shot b= ack that Reliant made the offer confidentially to Wagner and never approach= ed the state.  Figures scrutinized "This is the first time we've heard any = of this information. And to give the impression that somehow there's been c= ooperation or forthcomingness, I think is misleading," Kahn said.  The stat= e's refund calculations were scrutinized repeatedly during the talks.  The = $8.9 billion figure emerged from a study by the California power grid opera= tor of charges for electricity between May 2000 and May 2001, a period when= wholesale power prices soared.  Kahn said the figure was essentially dupli= cated when the state went back and calculated what power costs would have b= een if a pricing method instituted by FERC last month had been in effect fo= r the entire yearlong period.  FERC ordered the pricing method in a bid to = tame wholesale prices in the West.  In a partial win for the state, Wagner = said he would recommend that FERC use the order retroactively as a basis fo= r calculating refunds, an approach resisted by the power sellers.  But he s= aid that FERC should only scrutinize charges going back to October 2000, an= d should make several key changes in how power-generating costs are calcula= ted.  For instance, he said, FERC should determine the actual amount of gas= heat it takes to generate a megawatt of electricity and use spot market pr= ices in Northern and Southern California to determine the cost of gas, rath= er than a statewide average cost, computed monthly.  Fewer overcharges? Tho= se and other parts of the complex formula Wagner will recommend could incre= ase the benchmark cost of producing power and drive down the amount of over= charges.  Kahn said that applying FERC's pricing method only back to Octobe= r would put about $3 billion of the state's refund claim off-limits.  Brent= Bailey, vice president and general counsel for Duke Energy North America, = said, "We think (Wagner's) modifications are certainly a vast improvement o= ver FERC's June 19 order and also certainly over (the state's) model."  Ame= rica.  In Sacramento, Gov. Gray Davis issued a statement characterizing the= electricity suppliers as pirates who refused to negotiate in good faith.  = "While in the past the FERC has shown little, if any, interest in consumers= , they now have the opportunity to redeem themselves by returning the $8.9 = billion California has demonstrated it is owed," Davis said.  Despite the h= arsh rhetoric, both sides indicated that they would continue trying to reac= h one-on-one settlements.  Ronan of Calpine said the generator was close to= making a deal with the state. Bailey said that while Duke would continue t= o push for a "global settlement" between all the parties, "We've had seriou= s settlement talks with the state over the last few days and hope to contin= ue."               State's massive outlays detailed        Energy bill exce= eded $100 million on 3 days By Jennifer Coleman  ASSOCIATED PRESS  July 10,= 2001  SACRAMENTO -- On three days in May, California's daily power spendin= g topped $100 million, according to a report released yesterday by state po= wer traders.  The California Department of Water Resources report, which ad= dressed spot market electricity purchases since January, was released along= with 1,770 pages of documents that specifically detailed the first three m= onths of last-minute power purchases.  Such power buys on the spot market t= ypically get the most expensive electricity available.  The report details = the department's electricity spending since Jan. 17, when the state took ov= er electricity purchases for Pacific Gas and Electric Co., San Diego Gas & = Electric Co., and Southern California Edison.  The utilities had amassed bi= llions in debts and were no longer creditworthy enough to purchase power. S= ince then, the state has spent nearly $8 billion to keep the lights on.  Th= e state's daily spending peaked May 10 at $102.4 million. The second-highes= t daily total was May 23, when the state spent $101.8 million. The day befo= re, the state spent $100 million.  But since May, spot market prices have d= ropped, due in part to moderate weather, lower natural gas prices, increase= d conservation which lowered demand and because of increased scrutiny by la= wmakers and investigators into possible price manipulation. Gov. Gray Davis= has said long-term contracts also drove the price down.  "It does look lik= e some of the spot market prices have gone down, but it looks like it's pri= marily due to natural gas prices," said Jamie Fisfis, spokesman for Assembl= y Republicans.  The slight reduction in spot market prices "underscores que= stions about the strategy of locking us into long-term contracts, if natura= l gas prices continue to drop," Fisfis said.  Most of the long-term contrac= ts run for 10 years, with one lasting for 20 years.  "It's unfortunate that= it looks like we'll never get out from under these contracts," Fisfis said= .  Davis has already released details of the state's long-term power contra= cts after losing a court battle with Republican legislators and several new= s organizations, including The Associated Press and The Copley Press, which= publishes The San Diego Union-Tribune.  Davis released copies of those con= tracts, but wanted to delay the release of the spot market buys and short-t= erm contracts. Releasing those details too soon after the purchases would r= eveal the state's buying strategy and could cause generators to raise their= already sky-high prices, Davis said.  The number of spot market buys will = lessen, the Davis administration says, as more long-term contracts are sign= ed, reducing the state's exposure to the high-priced purchases.  The govern= or's office will release future short-term contracts and spot market buys w= ill be released on a quarterly basis, with a 90-day lag time. Second quarte= r information will be released in October and third quarter documents will = be available in January.  Davis maintains the delay is needed to protect it= s ability to negotiate further spot-market power buys.  According to the wa= ter department, Canadian Powerex, the marketing arm of BC Hydro, has been p= aid $1.05 billion for spot market purchases as of May 31.  But Atlanta-base= d Mirant Corp. topped that list, getting $1.24 billion as of the end of May= .  The newly released short-term contracts also show what the state had to = pay when it needed power the most.  On March 19 and 20, when rolling blacko= uts hit California again, the state was forced into paying above-average pr= ices in its largest short-term contracts.  For example, Mirant sold the sta= te 650 megawatts an hour at off-peak usage times on March 20 for $345 a meg= awatt hour, more than $70 above the average price of $272.96.  The day befo= re, Mirant charged $343 a megawatt hour at off-peak in northern California = when the average cost was $254.52.  Also on March 19, Mirant charged the st= ate about $96 above the average price for power in Northern California on a= sale of 6,400 megawatt hours during off-peak times.  Other top-selling gen= erators, as of May 31:   Sempra Cos., $429 million.   Los Angeles Departmen= t of Water and Power, $331 million.   Dynegy, $296 million.   TransAlta Ene= rgy, $202 million.   Bonneville Power, $168 million.   Duke Energy, $164 mi= llion.         State releases early spot market energy purchases        By = Jennifer Coleman ASSOCIATED PRESS  July 10, 2001  SACRAMENTO - On three day= s in May, California's daily power allowance topped $100 million, according= to a report released Monday by state power traders.  However, the source o= f those high prices was from not solely from Texas, home to many of the pow= er marketers and wholesalers Gov. Gray Davis has blamed for much of Califor= nia's power woes.  Public and private power companies such as Canada's B.C.= Hydro, the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power and Sacramento's publ= ic utility also were high on the list.  The California Department of Water = Resources released the report, along with 1,770 pages of documents that als= o detailed the last-minute power purchases the state made on the spot marke= t in the first three months of the year.  Last-minute power buys on the spo= t market typically get the most expensive electricity available.  The repor= t details the department's electricity spending since Jan. 17, when the sta= te took over electricity purchases for Pacific Gas & Electric Co., San Dieg= o Gas & Electric Co., and Southern California Edison.  The utilities had am= assed billions in debts and were no longer creditworthy enough to purchase = power. Since then, the state has spent nearly $8 billion to keep the lights= on.  The state's daily spending peaked May 10 at $102.4 million. The secon= d-highest daily total was May 23, when the state spent $101.8 million. The = day before, the state spent $100 million.  But since May, spot market price= s have dropped, due in part to moderate weather, lower natural gas prices, = increased conservation which lowered demand and because of increased scruti= ny by lawmakers and investigators into possible price manipulation. Gov. Gr= ay Davis has said long-term contracts also drove the price down.  "It does = look like some of the spot market prices have gone down, but it looks like = it's primarily due to natural gas prices," said Jamie Fisfis, spokesman for= Assembly Republicans.  The slight reduction in spot market prices "undersc= ores questions about the strategy of locking us into long-term contracts, i= f natural gas prices continue to drop," Fisfis said.  Most of the long-term= contracts run for 10 years, with one lasting for 20 years.  "It's unfortun= ate that it looks like we'll never get out from under these contracts," Fis= fis said.  Davis has already released details of the state's long-term powe= r contracts after losing a court battle with Republican legislators and sev= eral news organizations, including The Associated Press, who said keeping t= he contracts veiled violated the state's open records law.  Davis released = copies of those contracts, but wanted to delay the release of the spot mark= et buys and short-term contracts. Releasing those details too soon after th= e purchases would reveal the state's buying strategy and could cause genera= tors to raise their already sky-high prices, Davis said.  The number of spo= t market buys will lessen, the Davis administration says, as more long-term= contracts are signed, reducing the state's exposure to the high-priced pur= chases.  The governor's office will release future short-term contracts and= spot market buys will be released on a quarterly basis, with a 90-day lag = time. Second quarter information will be released in October and third quar= ter documents will be available in January.  Davis maintains DWR needs the = delay to protect its ability to negotiate further spot-market power buys.  = According to the DWR, Canadian Powerex, the marketing arm of BC Hydro, has = been paid $1.05 billion for spot market purchases as of May 31.  But Atlant= a-based Mirant Corp. topped that list, getting $1.24 billion as of the end = of May.  The newly released short-term contracts also show what the state h= ad to pay when it needed power the most.  On March 19 and 20, when rolling = blackouts hit California again, the state was forced into paying above-aver= age prices in its largest short-term contracts.  For example, Mirant sold t= he state 650 megawatts an hour at off-peak usage times on March 20 for $345= a megawatt hour, more than $70 above the average price of $272.96. The day= before, Mirant charged $343 a megawatt hour at off-peak in northern Califo= rnia when the average cost was $254.52.  Also on March 19, Mirant charged t= he state about $96 above the average price for power in Northern California= on a sale of 6,400 megawatt hours during off-peak times.  Other top sellin= g generators, as of May 31:  - Sempra Companies, $429 million.  - Los Angel= es Department of Water and Power, $331 million.  - Dynegy, $296 million.  -= TransAlta Energy, $202 million.  - Bonneville Power, $168 million.  - Duke= Energy, $164 million.           FERC Judge Says State Owed No More Than $1= Billion From Associated Press  July 9 2001  WASHINGTON -- California is ow= ed no more than "a billion dollars" from power wholesalers, a federal regul= atory judge said today at the end of 15 days of settlement talks in the sta= te's electricity crisis.  Curtis Wagner, the Federal Energy Regulatory Comm= ission's chief administrative law judge, said that at the same time the pow= er suppliers probably are owed more than that.  The net effect of his preli= minary recommendation is that California probably will receive no refunds f= rom wholesalers.  Wagner said power generators had offered $761 million in = refunds. The state has asked for $8.9 billion since May 2000. Wagner said h= e will not recommend refunds for power sales that occurred before Oct. 2.  = It was not immediately clear what impact the judge's preliminary recommenda= tion would have on efforts to settle the dispute.  Both sides said before t= he judge's announcement that they expected a protracted legal battle in the= event the talks did not produce a settlement.  Michael Kahn, Gov. Gray Dav= is's representative in the talks, has said the state would seek more than t= wice the claimed overcharges if the dispute moved from mediated talks to a = courtroom.  The producers reiterated today that California's numbers are gr= ossly inflated. Attorneys for the five major generators-- Duke Energy, Dyne= gy, Mirant, Reliant Energy and the Williams Cos.-- said in a statement that= they have made a "very substantial global settlement offer."  John H. Stou= t, a senior vice president for Reliant Energy, said his company would agree= to no more than $50 million in refunds, as part of an overall settlement t= hat also would have to include protection from additional legal claims.  Bu= t Stout also said, "Reliant's fundamental position has been and remains tha= t no refunds are justified."  FERC ordered the talks last month in an effor= t to resolve differences between producers and the state over the breakdown= of California's deregulated electricity market.  The state has accused the= producers of manipulating supply to unfairly drive up prices. The producer= s have acknowledged that prices are high, but blame jumps in the price of n= atural gas, which fuels many power plants, and the workings of the free mar= ket.  The bill for wholesale power in California soared to $27 billion last= year from $7 billion the year before. Davis has estimated that the state c= ould spend as much as $50 billion this year.  ----  On the Net:  Federal En= ergy Regulatory Commission: http://www.ferc.fed.us/   Copyright 2001, Los A= ngeles Times       Electricity Cost Data Spread the Blame Power: Many suppl= iers charged more than the firms that Davis has pilloried, records show. RI= CH CONNELL and ROBERT J. LOPEZ and DOUG SMITHS TIMES STAFF WRITER  July 10 = 2001  SACRAMENTO -- California's energy meltdown involves a far more divers= e group of wholesale electricity merchants than suggested by Gov. Gray Davi= s, who has aggressively blamed a handful of Texas companies, state records = show.  During the first three months of this year--one of the worst stretch= es of power shortages during the crisis--an assortment of public and privat= e entities charged the state prices averaging well above some of those paid= to Texas firms, according to documents released to The Times on Monday by = the Department of Water Resources, which now buys power for California.  Am= ong those setting and collecting some of the highest average prices per meg= awatt-hour were a Canadian public utility, a subsidiary of San Diego Gas & = Electric's parent company, and the Los Angeles Department of Water and Powe= r, the report shows. Their average prices ranged from $498 a megawatt-hour = charged by Powerex, the trading arm of British Columbia's BC Hydro, to $292= an hour by the DWP. In fact, some of the biggest private power companies s= ingled out for criticism by Davis and other state officials--Dynegy Inc., D= uke Energy and Mirant--charged less than the average prices the state paid = for the period. Those companies' average prices ranged from $146 to $240 pe= r megawatt-hour, according to an analysis of the documents.  The figures co= ver the various types of spot and longer-term power purchased by the state = during three months that included rolling blackouts and more than a month o= f razor-thin reserves, leading to continuous power emergencies.  Davis spok= esman Steve Maviglio said the governor has directed his sharpest barbs at p= rivate out-of-state generators because, in general, they have reaped the hi= ghest profits over the longest period.  "You have to look at the whole pict= ure," Maviglio said.  "The governor was expressing his displeasure with the= arrogance of the generators who wear cowboy hats," he said. "Their profits= were 100% to 400% above last year. . . . Just because there are other enti= ties who are charging us more [per megawatt-hour] doesn't change the fact t= hat we are getting ripped off by companies from Houston, Tulsa, Atlanta or = Charlotte."  The report by the Department of Water Resources was provided t= o The Times on the same day the state released 1,700 pages of documents on = California's electricity purchases on the volatile spot market for the year= 's first quarter.  The records detail how the state spent nearly $8 billion= buying power in the first five months of the year, and underscore the comp= lexity of the state's energy problem. They also show that patterns of high = prices are not limited to a few generators.  Oscar Hidalgo, a spokesman for= the water resources agency, said that the reports together show that price= s were extremely volatile early in the year. "All the prices were high," he= said, noting the downward trend in costs since his agency began buying pow= er in mid-January.  The average price per megawatt-hour for all state purch= ases went from $316 in January to $243 in May. Spot prices fell from an ave= rage of $321 per hour to $271, the reports show.  In the first quarter of t= he year, some public entities' prices far exceeded those of the biggest pri= vate companies. For example, Houston-based Enron, one of the nation's bigge= st power traders, charged an average of $181 per megawatt-hour. And Atlanta= -based Mirant, which sold the most to the state, a total of $706 million, c= harged an average of $225 per megawatt-hour.  By contrast, a Calgary, Canad= a, firm, TransAlta Energy, averaged $335 a megawatt-hour, and the Sacrament= o Municipal Utility District had average charges of $330 per megawatt-hour.= A spokesman for Enron, Mark Palmer, said recently that the "vilification = of Enron was based on politics, not facts." Spokesmen for BC Hydro could no= t be reached late Monday to comment on its huge sales to the state. In the = past, the utility has defended its pricing practices, saying it has offered= last-minute hydroelectric power that helped keep California's lights on.  = A spokeswoman for Sempra, the parent company of San Diego Gas & Electric, s= aid late Monday the company was unable to comment because it had yet to see= the figures released by the state. Officials at DWP, who could not be reac= hed Monday evening, have defended their pricing, saying the costs of produc= ing the power needed by the state were extremely high.  More Power Bought T= han Projected  Hidalgo, of the Department of Water Resources, said his agen= cy's efforts, coupled with conservation by business and consumers and falli= ng natural gas prices, have begun to tame the state's market.  Still, the s= tate had to purchase $321 million in power in April and May, about 10% more= than Davis' analysts had projected.  Hidlago said that was because of hot = weather in May and other supply problems in April. He said reports will sho= w that power purchases fell short of state projections in June and early Ju= ly.  The reports also will show that prices paid by the state were down in = June and July, partly because spot prices have fallen sharply, often to wel= l under $100 a megawatt-hour.  A summary Department of Water Resources repo= rt released Monday credited Davis' program of nurturing new power generatio= n and establishing long-term power contracts with with "moving the Californ= ia electric energy industry closer to normalcy."  Copyright 2001, Los Angel= es Times       Duke Energy Asked to Allow Release of Data Power: Senator sa= ys the generator is refusing to make public some information crucial to the= price-gouging probe. Firm says it's complying. CARL INGRAM TIMES STAFF WRI= TER  July 10 2001  SACRAMENTO -- The chairman of a Senate committee probing= suspected price gouging during the California energy crisis charged Monday= that Duke Energy is refusing to allow him to make public information key t= o his investigation.  Sen. Joe Dunn (D-Santa Ana) said Duke has made the pr= ice bidding information from its Chula Vista plant available to committee m= embers and staffers. But under a federal confidentiality rule, the data can= not be made public without Duke's consent.  The documents concern the Chula= Vista plant, which former employees have alleged was ramped up and down to= drive up power prices during three days in January. However, state records= show that the agency overseeing the electricity grid ordered those gyratio= ns to keep the power flowing throughout the state. Dunn said Duke's refusal= thwarts the committee's investigation and efforts to enact possible remedi= al legislation because the confidential information cannot be shared with o= thers in the Legislature or the public.  Dunn said Duke cited a rule of the= Federal Energy Regulatory Commission that gives the company the authority = to decide which records it makes public and which stay secret.  "The only o= ne who can release the data is Duke. We agreed to be bound by what is provi= ded in the FERC tariff, nothing more or less," he said.  Former Employees T= ell of Maneuvers  Dunn noted that the committee is considering trying to ob= tain the information elsewhere and "release it over Duke's objections."  Th= ree former workers at the Duke plant near Chula Vista testified last month = under oath that the plant, among other things, was ramped up and down in wh= at seemed to be an effort to maximize revenue during the Jan. 16-18 emergen= cy.  But Duke countered immediately that it had merely obeyed orders of the= California Independent System Operator, which keeps the state's electricit= y grid in balance. Duke later provided Cal-ISO documents backing up its exp= lanation.  Duke executives insisted that the former employees failed to pro= vide a full picture of the plant's operation during the three days.  But Du= nn, chairman of the select Senate committee on alleged price gouging, said = Monday that by refusing to authorize release of all the subpoenaed data, Du= ke was guilty of the same tactics.  "Duke is trying to draw the impression = that it has [provided] the full picture. But they are fully aware that we c= annot draw any final conclusions until all that data has been released. Tha= t hasn't occurred," Dunn said.  To make a determination whether the Chula V= ista power was withheld to drive up prices, Dunn said, the committee must p= ublicly examine "the bids Duke submitted from which the ISO issued orders t= o the plant." They include the expensive hour-ahead and day-ahead markets, = he said.  Duke, a North Carolina-based wholesaler that operates several pla= nts in California, noted that it considers the information proprietary and = off-limits to legislators not on the committee.  Duke spokesman Tom William= s insisted that the generator is attempting to comply with the committee's = demands. But he was unable to say whether Duke would agree to make the bidd= ing documents public along with other records the committee plans to turn o= ver.  "We are complying now," Williams said. "There is some suggestion that= we are leaving stuff out when we have not had a chance to testify. . . . I= don't know what we are ultimately going to do."  The committee had threate= ned to cite eight wholesale generators unless they provide pricing and bidd= ing documents by Wednesday. Six, including Duke, have said they would compl= y to avoid a contempt citation. Two, Enron and Mirant, were cited.  Dunn sa= id the committee on Wednesday likely will give companies that are trying to= comply an extra week to do so, but others probably will be formally charge= d with contempt in a report to the full Senate. The upper house is the fina= l arbiter of such issues.  Although there is scant precedent for levying pe= nalties against those cited for contempt, Dunn said he favors imposing seve= re fines. In 1929, the most recent case, a cement company executive was sen= t to jail.  Copyright 2001, Los Angeles Times        NEWS ANALYSIS Concern = Over Price of Long-Term Power Pacts Grows Embedded costs may yield more rat= e hikes, critics say, and the $43-billion total could complicate plans to r= escue Edison. DAN MORAIN TIMES STAFF WRITER  July 9 2001  SACRAMENTO -- Eve= n as the summer progresses without blackouts, and Gov. Gray Davis prepares = for yet another news conference today to symbolically switch on a new power= plant, the work in the Capitol has shifted to the seemingly more daunting = task of balancing the books.  It's a task with potentially far more long-la= sting implications for state coffers, for businesses' bottom lines and for = consumers' wallets.  In particular, long-term power contracts trumpeted by = the governor's office as helping to bring stability to California's out-of-= control electricity market are having the opposite effect politically. A gr= owing concern about the $43-billion price tag of the contracts is complicat= ing one of Davis' most ambitious energy initiatives: a proposed financial r= escue of Southern California Edison, which already faces an uncertain fate = in the Legislature. Questions about the contracts come as California readie= s a complex $13.4-billion bond sale to reimburse the state's general fund f= or other power purchases.  Critics worry that costs embedded in the contrac= ts, on top of the billions needed to pay for the Edison rescue, could lead = to additional electricity rate hikes for consumers. Key lawmakers, consumer= advocates and business lobbyists are urging that at least some of the pact= s be renegotiated.  Citing a recent plunge in wholesale energy costs, these= critics say the state should work to shorten the duration of the contracts= and lower some of the prices. They argue that the state entered into the d= eals under duress after California's utilities neared insolvency and the st= ate Department of Water Resources took over the purchasing of electricity f= or more than 25 million residents.  "They are vulnerable," Senate Energy Co= mmittee Chairwoman Debra Bowen (D-Marina del Rey) said of deals the state s= truck with independent power companies when prices were at record highs.  B= owen lauds Davis administration negotiators for signing "the best deals the= y could." But she said that in the crisis atmosphere in which the negotiati= ons took place, "the state had two cards and the generators had 50."  Contr= acts Open to Challenges  The contracts could be challenged in court or, mor= e immediately, before the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in Washingto= n. There, an administrative law judge could direct that the pacts be rework= ed as part of a settlement of allegations by Davis that generators overchar= ged the state for electricity by $8.9 billion.  "We ought not to say, 'Fine= , the contracts were the best we could do,' " Bowen said.  For his part, Da= vis says he is willing to accept partial payment of the $8.9 billion in the= form of contracts with terms more favorable to the state. He attributes th= e recent sharp drop in wholesale electricity prices to conservation, the ad= ministration's effort to increase power supply and--a major factor--the lon= g-term contracts, which slashed the state's reliance on the volatile daily,= or spot, market.  "You can see the value of these long-term contracts . . = . dramatically shrinking our overall price, which is what matters to Califo= rnians," Davis said, pointing out that the average cost of power plunged 30= % from May to June.  Davis energy advisor S. David Freeman, who helped nego= tiate the contracts, said they may end up costing less than $43 billion, gi= ven the recent decline in prices for natural gas, the main fuel for Califor= nia's electricity-generating plants.  Freeman also compared critics to some= one who calls the fire department to douse a blaze. "After the fire is out,= " he said, "you complain about the water damage."  The contracts have other= defenders, among them UC Berkeley economics professor Severin Borenstein, = who says the deals helped to tame the volatile spot market by reducing gene= rators' incentive to drive up prices, while reducing the state's exposure t= o wild swings in price.  "The point of signing long-term contracts is not t= o get a great price; it's to reduce risk," Borenstein said.  Still, experts= have been picking through the pacts ever since a Superior Court judge in S= an Diego, ruling in a California Public Records Act lawsuit by news organiz= ations and Republican lawmakers, ordered last month that Davis unseal the c= ontracts.  An analysis done for the Assembly by three experts--one each rep= resenting Southern California Edison; the Utility Reform Network, a consume= r group; and large electricity consumers--concluded that the about $43-bill= ion price tag announced by the administration may not account for all the c= osts. When other expenses are factored in--ranging from environmental equip= ment upgrades to any new energy-related taxes--the contracts could cost an = additional 10% to 20%.  "Once the contracts were made public," Senate Repub= lican leader Jim Brulte of Rancho Cucamonga said, "just about anyone who ca= n read began calling for those contracts to be renegotiated."  As buyers' r= emorse spreads through the Capitol, the contracts increasingly are seen as = a hurdle--or a bargaining chip--as Davis and lawmakers confront fast-approa= ching deadlines in their effort to prevent the energy crisis from morphing = into a broader financial crisis.  A bill pushed by Davis to avert bankruptc= y for the financially hobbled Southern California Edison must be approved b= y Aug. 15. The deadline could be tighter, because the Legislature is schedu= led to adjourn for a monthlong break July 20.  Davis' rescue plan, along wi= th legislative alternatives, languishes in the Legislature. The plan, which= has little apparent support, would require the state to buy Edison's syste= m of transmission lines for $2.76 billion and permit the utility to charge = ratepayers for the rest of its back debt of $3.5 billion.  Some lobbyists a= nd lawmakers believe that the electricity rate hike approved in March by th= e California Public Utilities Commission--at 3 cents a kilowatt-hour the la= rgest in state history--may not be enough. The revenue generated under the = new rate structure must cover the costs of the long-term power contracts an= d repay the planned $13.4 billion in bonds, which would be the largest muni= cipal deal ever.  Whether there would be sufficient money left to pay for t= he Edison rescue remains to be seen. But some experts say the utility may n= eed to seek a separate rate hike to cover its costs.  As written, the contr= acts have few escape clauses; Davis cannot simply walk away from them if he= concludes that prices are too high. Still, criticism persists and crosses = political lines.  Harry Snyder, longtime Sacramento lobbyist for Consumers = Union, and Jack Stewart, president of the California Manufacturers and Tech= nology Assn., rarely find themselves on the same side of a debate. But in s= eparate interviews, they sounded similar themes.  "If there is a way to buy= our way out of these contracts, even if we have to pay damages, we'd be be= tter off in the long run," Snyder said.  Stewart, like other business leade= rs, does not advocate abrogating the contracts. But like many familiar with= the terms, he hopes that some deals can be renegotiated.  "They are proble= matic," he said.  In a move that critics fear could lock in high electricit= y prices for the next decade, the Davis administration is pushing the PUC t= o agree within a month to limit its authority to question costs incurred by= the Department of Water Resources as it goes about procuring power.  State= Treasurer Phil Angelides said the PUC must act so he can complete the $13.= 4-billion bond sale. A binding agreement is necessary so that Wall Street i= nvestors can be assured that they will be repaid.  "The state will be out o= f cash by the end of the year without the bond sale," he said. "We will mov= e toward fiscal insolvency."  The so-called rate agreement, a draft of whic= h was obtained by The Times, would bind customers of the three big regulate= d utilities to pay more than just the principal and interest on the $13.4 b= illion in bonds. Consumers would have to pay for consultants, lawyers, to p= ay taxes, fees and other as-yet-undefined charges that may be incurred by t= he Department of Water Resources.  Additionally, the PUC would be obligated= to approve payments for programs by which the state would pay large and sm= all customers to cut electricity use, although the Legislature has not appr= oved the programs and their details remain to be worked out. The Department= of Water Resources estimates the cost to be $800 million, spread over this= year and next.  "It is loaded up," Senate President Pro Tem John Burton (D= -San Francisco) said of the proposed rate deal, adding that it would requir= e the commission to "raise rates to cover whatever the Department of Water = Resources decides to do."  "That is giving a blank check to some bureaucrat= ic office," he said.  'Dictatorial Power' Warning  Stewart of the manufactu= rers group also is alarmed by the plan, saying it would provide the water a= gency with "dictatorial power."  "As skeptical as we are of the PUC process= , at least there is a process," Stewart said, referring to the commission's= procedures to set electricity rates. "There is no process for DWR. DWR jus= t tells the PUC, 'This is what we need,' and the PUC must approve it."  Oth= ers say the rate agreement is a standard piece of work, given the extraordi= nary step the Legislature took in January when it authorized the Department= of Water Resources to buy power for utilities that had fallen so deeply in= to debt that they could no longer carry out their obligation to consumers. = In essence, Davis energy advisor Freeman said, lawmakers in January create= d "the equivalent of a public power purchasing agency" beyond the jurisdict= ion of the PUC.  "There is no public power agency in California that is rev= iewed by the PUC," said Freeman, former head of the Los Angeles Department = of Water and Power.  *  Times staff writer Nancy Rivera Brooks in Los Angel= es contributed to this story.  Copyright 2001, Los Angeles Times        Sta= te's refund demand rejected  Judge ends rebate talks, rebukes $9 billion cl= aim  Zachary Coile, Christian Berthelsen, Chronicle Staff Writers  Tuesday,= July 10, 2001  ?2001 San Francisco Chronicle   URL: http://www.sfgate.com/= cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=3D/c/a/2001/07/10/MN117914.DTL   Washington -- An adm= inistrative law judge, delivering a powerful message to Gov. Gray Davis and= California energy officials, cast aside the state's claim that it is owed = $8.9 billion in electricity overcharges by generators and called for furthe= r hearings to determine "hard numbers."  The judge, ending talks designed t= o settle the dispute between California and power sellers, said the state a= nd its cash-strapped utilities may owe more in unpaid electricity bills tha= n they are owed for overcharges by the generators.  The comments by Federal= Energy Regulatory Commission chief administrative law Judge Curtis L. Wagn= er, although a strong endorsement of the generators' position, seemed to in= dicate that neither side wanted to settle the issue before it reached the f= ive-member regulatory commission.  "There are refunds due (to California) t= hat total hundreds of millions of dollars and maybe a billion dollars," Wag= ner said yesterday.  "At the same time, there are sums due to sellers from = the California Independent System Operator and the investor-owned utilities= in the state of California that probably are higher than any overcharges t= hat (the state) may come up with."  Now, it will be up to the federal regul= ators to settle the case. But the recommendations by Wagner, who mediated t= he talks, carry significant weight with the commission and cast doubt on th= e state's chances of collecting the full $8.9 billion it claims to be owed.= The judge said he will recommend that the commission order new hearings t= o calculate what the state and the power sellers are each owed. The hearing= s would be overseen by an administrative law judge and would last 45 to 60 = days, Wagner said.  CLOSING SESSION Wagner made his comments in the closing= session of the 15-day talks, which were ordered last month by the regulato= ry commission to try to defuse the dispute between power wholesalers and Ca= lifornia officials before it reached the courts.  The judge's message was a= sharp rebuke to the unyielding stand by California leaders -- especially D= avis, who last week said he wouldn't take a dime less than $8.9 billion for= California's consumers.  The governor issued a statement shortly after the= close of talks insisting that California had won its basic case that the s= tate is owed refunds.  "I am pleased that Judge Wagner accepted our methodo= logy for calculating refunds and rejected the generators' position that no = refunds are due," Davis said.  The governor's chief representative at the t= alks, Michael Kahn, called the judge's statement a "ringing endorsement" of= the state's call for refunds. Kahn said the judge's order would improve th= e state's legal position if it files suit against power sellers.  GENERATOR= S FAVORED But much of the judge's order seemed to favor the generators.  Fo= r example, state officials have made the case they should be refunded $8. 9= billion for alleged overcharges from May 2000 to May 2001 -- even though t= he regulatory commission has said only that the period starting Oct. 2, 200= 0 could be considered.  The judge said yesterday that he would stick with t= he October date, meaning that more than a third of the state's claim -- at = least $3 billion -- would not be refunded by the commission.  Brent Bailey,= vice president and general counsel of Duke Energy North America, said that= under Wagner's guidelines, the state may be eligible for $1 billion to $1.= 5 billion.  "Certainly to the extent that it helped refute what California = has been saying, it's a victory," Bailey said of the judge's statement.  Bu= t Davis said the nation's big power sellers never came to the table with a = serious offer.  "Not surprisingly, the energy pirates that bilked ratepayer= s out of billions of dollars stonewalled and refused to negotiate in good f= aith," Davis said.  $716 MILLION OFFER  Wagner disclosed yesterday that the= generators had made an offer to California: $716 million in refunds.  The = judge said the figure included about $510 million from the so-called Big Fi= ve generators, as well as $125 million from BC Hydro's Powerex, $49.6 milli= on by a group of 15 electricity marketers, $16.5 million by six California = municipal utilities and $25 million offered by other out-of-state power sel= lers.  California officials say it was not a legitimate offer because it in= cluded no cash. It was simply an agreement by the companies to wipe some of= the state's debt off the books.  Throughout the talks, generators complain= ed that the California team was trying to shield some California companies = and government power providers from having to pay any refunds, and trying t= o disproportionately extract sums from out-of-state power companies.  FAVOR= ITISM CHARGED According to documents and interviews, the state attempted to= remove Pacific Gas and Electric Co., Southern California Edison, San Diego= Gas & Electric., the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power and other g= overnment power suppliers from the group from which it was asking for refun= ds, even though they were paid the same high rates for power as everyone el= se.  Representatives for the power sellers said they believe that Davis mad= e a political decision to demagogue the companies while refusing to comprom= ise on the state's claims. They say the governor calculated that his reputa= tion would be enhanced by continuing to attack the generators.  "The Califo= rnia delegation did not come into these talks with any willingness to compr= omise," said Mark Stultz, vice president of the Electric Power Supply Assoc= iation, a Washington, D.C., trade group. "They went in with a dollar figure= and never budged on that figure. If you're looking for a settlement, you h= ave to be willing to compromise."  Up next 1. The Federal Energy Regulatory= Commission will consider, probably on July 25,  new hearings on how much, = if anything, California was overcharged. 2. If ordered by the commission, a= n administrative law judge will take testimony on how much the state says i= t was overcharged and how much generators say they are owed. 3. Regulators = will rule based on the judge's recommendation. If the parties disagree, the= y can go to court.  E-mail the writers at zcoile@sfchronicle.com . and cber= thelsen@sfchronicle.com ., Zachary Coile reported from Washington, D.C., an= d Christian Berthelsen in San Francisco.  ?2001 San Francisco Chronicle    = Page A - 1      Davis opens another new power plant  Pittsburg facility wil= l generate 555 megawatts  Bernadette Tansey, Chronicle Staff Writer  Tuesda= y, July 10, 2001  ?2001 San Francisco Chronicle   URL: http://www.sfgate.co= m/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=3D/c/a/2001/07/10/MN175828.DTL      Pittsburg -- Wo= rkers were still scraping wet concrete on support columns as Gov. Gray Davi= s celebrated the startup of a new power plant in Pittsburg yesterday -- the= latest in a string of openings Davis hopes will help California "build its= way" out of the energy crisis. The state rushed to throw as many megawatts= on line as it could when it looked like the summer would feature regular b= lackouts, and yesterday the governor said it was paying off.  "This is the = third plant I've helped open in the last 13 days," Davis said, pumping his = fist as the Calpine Corp. plant belched an impressive burst of steam. "In t= he past 13 days, we've put more power on the grid than California did throu= ghout the 1990s."  The 555-megawatt Los Medanos Energy Center and the Sutte= r Energy Center that Calpine opened in Yuba City last week bring a total of= 1,115 megawatts online. Last month, Davis threw the switch on a Bakersfiel= d plant that opened more than a month ahead of schedule.  Davis used yester= day's event to blast out-of-state generators that he maintains have gouged = the state for electricity. Yet he lauded San Jose-based Calpine as a sort o= f energy favorite son.  "They were the first to enter long-term contracts w= ith us," the governor said. Calpine is among the big energy firms being pre= ssed by the state to issue refunds for what the governor insists were overc= harges, but unlike the others, Davis said, Calpine is giving ground in nego= tiations.  "They likely will be the first to enter into settlements with us= ," he said.  Although the Los Medanos plant is one of a generation of effic= ient new gas- fired plants that will be as much as 40 percent cheaper to ru= n than their forebears, the state will be paying well above current market = rates for the first three months of its contract with Calpine.  Calpine Pre= sident Peter Cartwright insisted, however, that the company is not making e= xcess profits off the deal. To ensure that Calpine could provide the electr= icity even if plant construction wasn't finished by its mid-July target dat= e, the company bought the needed power from other energy traders at $232 a = megawatt hour when market rates were higher, he said.  In addition to the 3= 00 megawatts it has pledged to the state, Calpine will supply electricity t= o the Sacramento Municipal Utility District and other power agencies.  In t= he long term, Calpine will be selling power to California at $59 a megawatt= hour, Cartwright said.  A spokesman for the state Department of Water Reso= urces, which started buying power in January after state utilities buckled = under high prices, said Calpine's rate is well below the $70 a megawatt hou= r the state is aiming for as an average price for the long-term contracts. = Cartwright said that with its recently opened plants, along with an 875- m= egawatt facility it plans to open in Pittsburg next May, the company is doi= ng its share to ease the state's supply crunch.  "Ours are the lowest contr= acts in the state," he said. "If these plants weren't online, we'd be havin= g blackouts."  A spokeswoman from the state agency that manages the power g= rid said California is skating so close to blackouts that "every megawatt c= ounts."  "It's definitely making a difference and it will continue to do so= over the summer," said Lorie O'Donley, a spokeswoman for the Independent S= ystem Operator.  E-mail Bernadette Tansey at btansey@sfchronicle.com .  ?20= 01 San Francisco Chronicle    Page A - 11       California rejects B.C. Hyd= ro $125 million settlement   Tuesday, July 10, 2001  ?2001 Associated Press= URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=3D/news/archive/2001/= 07/10/state0321EDT0105.DTL   (07-10) 00:21 PDT VANCOUVER, British Columbia = (AP) --  California has rejected an offer by B.C. Hydro's power trading sub= sidiary to refund $125 million to settle the state's allegations that it wa= s overcharged by the Canadian power company.  The dispute will now be resol= ved by U.S. judicial and regulatory authorities.  The offer from Hydro's Po= werex subsidiary came during 15 days of settlement talks between power gene= rators and distributors, California and other western states.  The talks, i= nitiated by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, which regulates cross= -border power sales in the United States, concluded Monday evening without = resolution.  Hydro spokeswoman Elisha Odowichuk said that under the offer, = the Crown corporation would have been subtracted $125 million from the $290= million California still owes British Columbia for power sales.  The $125 = million was Powerex's first offer and it did not change through the negotia= tions, she said. The company put conditions on that refund figure, but Odow= ichuk would not say what those conditions were.  California has charged tha= t Powerex gouged it by more than $430 million. Odowichuk said Hydro had to = join the settlement talks to preserve its otherwise lucrative power trading= relationship with California.  Electricity imports and exports statistics = compiled by Canada's National Energy Board show Powerex exported more than = $900 million worth of energy from January to April.  The average cost of th= at power was $661.56 a megawatt hour.  Prices have dropped to around $140 a= megawatt hour since the regulatory commission instituted price caps on Jun= e 19.  ?2001 Associated Press         Davis' criticism of Texas misdirected= , report finds  Lynda Gledhill, Mark Martin, Chronicle Staff Writers  Tuesd= ay, July 10, 2001  ?2001 San Francisco Chronicle   URL: http://www.sfgate.c= om/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=3D/chronicle/archive/2001/07/10/MN48875.DTL   S= acramento -- Texas-based electricity generators have received the brunt of = criticism from Gov. Gray Davis for gouging California during the power cris= is, but financial information released yesterday shows the lion's share of = the money went elsewhere.  Companies with headquarters in Texas garnered le= ss than 10 percent of California's multibillion-dollar energy purchases, wh= ile public and private energy companies from Canada to Georgia to Californi= a got the rest.  The $424 million that went to Texas companies may still be= more than the state should have been charged, and administration officials= are attempting to get refunds from a host of companies, both in and out of= Texas.  Earlier this year, Davis lambasted the Bush administration for not= acting against power firms in his home state. "What's going on here, pure = and simple, is unconscionable price-gouging by the big energy producers -- = most of them, incidentally, located in Texas," he said in May.  Yesterday, = a spokesman for the governor broadened the verbal assault, saying the Texas= firms are representative of the many other out-of-state generators who hav= e also gouged California.  "Anywhere they wear cowboy hats, they probably h= ave handkerchiefs across their face because they are robbing us blind," sai= d Steve Maviglio, Davis' spokesman.  The latest financial information is co= ntained in a report by the state Department of Water Resources detailing $7= .2 billion in power purchases from Jan. 17 through the end of May.  About $= 5.2 billion of that was spent on the spot market where power buys are made = a day, hour or even a few minutes before the electricity is actually used. = Because the spot purchases are made with little notice, they are the most = expensive kind of power on the market. The state was forced to step in and = buy the power when the credit ratings of California's major utilities dropp= ed as the energy crisis worsened. The crisis was caused by a series of even= ts that forced the utilities to pay more for electricity than they could re= cover from customers.  The numbers released yesterday show that Texas compa= nies weren't alone in receiving a share of the energy crisis pie. Some $1.2= billion went to Mirant, an Atlanta-based company. Mirant has refused to tu= rn over documents subpoenaed by the state Legislature as part of its invest= igation into alleged market manipulation. Mirant could face contempt procee= dings.  Municipal generators have also fared well during the energy crisis.= Powerex,  a wholly owned power marketing subsidiary of Vancouver-based BC = Hydro, received $1 billion from the state for spot market electricity.  The= Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, which Davis said charged higher= average spot market prices than some generators, received $331 million.  E= -mail Lynda Gledhill at lgledhill@sfchronicle.com .  ?2001 San Francisco Ch= ronicle    Page A - 9       Developments in California's energy crisis  The= Associated Press Tuesday, July 10, 2001  ?2001 Associated Press  URL: http= ://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=3D/news/archive/2001/07/10/state= 1041EDT0134.DTL   (07-10) 07:41 PDT (AP) --  Developments in California's e= nergy crisis:  TUESDAY=3D * No power alerts Tuesday as electricity reserves= stay above 7 percent.  MONDAY=3D * A Federal Energy Regulatory Commission = administrative law judge says that California is entitled to no more than $= 1 billion in refunds for excessive energy costs. Gov. Gray Davis had been s= eeking $8.9 billion for overcharges.  * The Department of Water and Power r= eleases 1,770 pages of documents detailing the state's spot market power pu= rchases in the first quarter of the year. DWR also releases a report showin= g that the state's daily power buys topped $100 million on three days in Ma= y.  The DWR report says the energy companies that were paid the most by the= state for last-minute power were: Mirant Corp., which was paid $1.24 billi= on as of the end of May; Canada-based Powerex, $1.05 billion; and Sempra Co= mpanies, $429 million.  * Davis ceremonially switches on the largest licens= ed power plant to come online this year, Calpine's 559-megawatt Los Medanos= Energy Center in Pittsburg.  * No power alerts as electricity reserves sta= y above 7 percent.  * Shares of Edison International closed at $14, up 69 c= ents. PG&E Corp. rose 65 cents to close at $14.10. Sempra Energy, the paren= t company of San Diego Gas & Electric Co., closed at $27.52, down 21 cents.= WHAT'S NEXT=3D * U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Dennis Montali decides Tuesday whe= ther millions of Pacific Gas and Electric Co. ratepayers can form their own= creditors' committee to represent them in the utility's bankruptcy proceed= ing.  * The Senate committee investigating possible price manipulation in C= alifornia's energy market meets Wednesday. The committee will vote on conte= mpt citations against generators Mirant and Enron, which failed to comply w= ith subpoenas for documents. The committee will meet again July 18 to consi= der compliance by six other suppliers that have until Tuesday to turn over = documents.  THE PROBLEM: High demand, high wholesale energy costs, transmis= sion glitches and a tight supply worsened by scarce hydroelectric power in = the Northwest and maintenance at aging California power plants are all fact= ors in California's electricity crisis.  Southern California Edison and Pac= ific Gas and Electric say they've lost nearly $14 billion since June 2000 t= o high wholesale prices the state's electricity deregulation law bars them = from passing on to consumers. PG&E, saying it hasn't received the help it n= eeds from regulators or state lawmakers, filed for federal bankruptcy prote= ction April 6. Electricity and natural gas suppliers, scared off by the com= panies' poor credit ratings, are refusing to sell to them, leading the stat= e in January to start buying power for the utilities' nearly 9 million resi= dential and business customers. The state is also buying power for a third = investor-owned utility, San Diego Gas & Electric, which is in better financ= ial shape than much larger Edison and PG&E but is also struggling with high= wholesale power costs.  The Public Utilities Commission has approved avera= ge rate increases of 37 percent for the heaviest residential customers and = 38 percent for commercial customers, and hikes of up to 49 percent for indu= strial customers and 15 percent or 20 percent for agricultural customers to= help finance the state's multibillion-dollar power buys.  Track the state'= s blackout warnings on the Web at www.caiso.com/SystemStatus.html .  ?2001 = Associated Press        Energy talks reach no settlement; state threatens s= uit  MARK SHERMAN, Associated Press Writer Tuesday, July 10, 2001  ?2001 As= sociated Press  URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=3D/news= /archive/2001/07/10/state0400EDT7473.DTL   (07-10) 01:00 PDT WASHINGTON (AP= ) --  With talks between the state and power generators stalled, California= may go to court to help win the $8.9 billion state officials believe it wa= s overcharged for electricity.  "I think we have demonstrated very clearly = both to the FERC and to the judge that the state is owed $8.9 billion and w= ill settle for nothing less," said Roger Salazar, a spokesman for Gov. Gray= Davis.  With negotiations at an impasse, the administrative law judge for = the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission said California is probably owed n= o more than $1 billion in refunds.  "The numbers were too far apart," said = Curtis Wagner, the FERC chief administrative law judge.  California, Wagner= said, may receive nothing at all, because generators may be owed more than= they have to return for any overcharges.  He placed the refunds owed the s= tate at between $716 million and $1 billion. Power providers had offered $7= 16 million as part of an overall settlement, while California state officia= ls sought $8.9 billion, Wagner said.  He said California officials had not = made the case for $8.9 billion in refunds.  Salazar, however, said the stat= e would go to court and may ask for $20 billion.  Separately, Wagner split = off claims of overcharges from the Pacific Northwest, saying he has not had= time to consider those allegations under the short timetable ordered by FE= RC last month.  Wagner served as a mediator during the 15 days of negotiati= ons and will recommend a settlement to FERC by next Monday. The commission = ordered the talks last month in an effort to resolve differences between pr= oducers and the state over the breakdown of California's deregulated electr= icity market.  Consumer advocates assailed the judge's recommendation and u= rged the state to continue its attempt to get refunds from what they say ar= e profiteering power companies.  "It's like catching a bank robber, but ins= tead of making him give back all of it, you only make him give back 5 perce= nt of what he stole," said Douglas Heller, spokesman for the Santa Monica-b= ased Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights.  Power generators, howeve= r, were generally pleased with Wagner's comments.  Brent Bailey, general co= unsel for Duke Energy, said even if the formula Wagner recommends produces = $1.5 billion in refunds, "that's a reasonable amount in the context of thes= e settlement talks."  California officials, negotiating on behalf of utilit= ies, the Public Utilities Commission and state power buyers, accused the pr= oducers of manipulating supply to unfairly drive up prices.  The producers = have acknowledged prices are high, but blame jumps in the price of natural = gas, which fuels many power plants, and the workings of the free market.  T= he bill for wholesale power in California soared to $27 billion last year f= rom $7 billion the year before. Davis has estimated the state could spend a= s much as $50 billion this year.  The producers reiterated Monday that Cali= fornia's numbers are grossly inflated. Attorneys for the five major generat= ors -- Duke Energy, Dynegy, Mirant, Reliant Energy and the Williams Cos. --= said in a statement that they have made a "very substantial global settlem= ent offer."  Reliant would agree to no more than $50 million in refunds as = part of an overall settlement that also would have to include protection fr= om additional legal claims, said John H. Stout, a company senior vice presi= dent.  But Stout also said, "Reliant's fundamental position has been and re= mains that no refunds are justified."       Toxic fumes not linked to black= outs  Backup power OK in facilities, report says  Jason B. Johnson, Chronic= le Staff Writer  Tuesday, July 10, 2001  ?2001 San Francisco Chronicle   UR= L: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=3D/chronicle/archive/2001= /07/10/MNC115768.DTL   Despite a power-related mishap that released toxic f= umes from an industrial plant in May, rolling blackouts are not expected to= cause dangerous releases in Contra Costa, a county study concludes.  The c= ounty Health Department report found that 52 industrial facilities have ade= quate backup power plans.  The report to be presented to the Board of Super= visors today was prompted by a freak traffic accident that knocked out powe= r at Richmond's General Chemical Corp. plant. When the plant powered back u= p, a cloud of sulfur trioxide and sulfur dioxide was released.  Contra Cost= a hazardous materials director Lew Pascalli said that there is always a pos= sibility that a plant's hydraulic or mechanical systems could fail but that= those chances are slight given the growing number of power plants coming o= nline and the state's successful conservation effort.  He also said industr= y has done a good job preparing for outages.  "The industry is doing a good= -faith effort in this particular instance to make sure that nothing happens= ," Pascalli said.  County officials relied on industry records in determini= ng the adequacy of the different plans, such as having multiple electrical = leads feeding a source regulating hazardous materials.  Denny Larson, spoke= sman for the group Communities for a Better Environment, said the report re= lied too heavily on industry self-reporting.  "Unfortunately, the conclusio= ns of the report can't be backed up by the facts," Larson said. "Oil and ch= emical plants in Contra Costa have repeatedly had toxic releases due to pow= er failures over the years."  The 52 facilities include chemical plants, oi= l refineries and small shops that produce limited amounts of hazardous mate= rials.  For many of these businesses, the loss of power would shut down the= ir operations and make it impossible for substances to be released.  Larger= facilities, like oil refineries, have either their own backup generators o= r contracts with cogeneration plants that could supply all or most of their= power independent of the electricity power grid, according to the report. = Plans are also in place to conduct partial shutdowns at plants running on = reserve power during a blackout.  General Chemical said all electrical feed= s to the chamber processing chemicals are automatically pulled in the event= of loss of power. A backup generator will automatically come online to kee= p operations stable.  Dow Chemical has a contract with a Calpine power plan= t to supply it with electricity. Battery backup and diesel emergency engine= s are also at the site to ensure enough power to run lights, alarms, contro= ls and emergency shutdown equipment.  e-mail Jason B. Johnson at jbjohnson@= sfchronicle.com .  ?2001 San Francisco Chronicle    Page A - 11         Pow= er suppliers, state fail to agree on refund total  Posted at 10:41 p.m. PDT= Monday, July 9, 2001  BY JIM PUZZANGHERA   Mercury News Washington Bureau = WASHINGTON -- California officials and power suppliers failed to agree o= n refunds for electricity overcharges as 15 days of contentious negotiation= s ended Monday, leaving the matter in the hands of a federal judge who said= the state is owed much less than the $8.9 billion it demands.  The judge o= verseeing the talks for the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission put the re= funds at between several hundred million dollars and a billion dollars. His= estimate is closer to the $716.1 million offer made by power suppliers dur= ing negotiations. The offer was rejected by California officials.  But it w= as unclear Monday which side in the bitter refund battle would prevail, and= California officials indicated the dispute is probably headed to court. At= stake is how much the state's electricity consumers will ultimately have t= o pay for costs that skyrocketed as California's deregulation system collap= sed.  Curtis Wagner, the commission's chief administrative law judge, will = recommend a formula for the commission to use to calculate a refund dating = back to October. That formula -- a complex methodology that involves factor= s such as daily natural gas prices -- includes many of the provisions the e= nergy suppliers had advocated during the talks.  Michael Kahn, who headed t= he California negotiating team, said the state would contest some aspects o= f the formula. But even without changes, Kahn said he was confident the for= mula will result in more refunds than Wagner estimated.  ``We think the num= bers even using the judge's formula are going to be in the multiple billion= s,'' said Kahn, chairman of the state Independent System Operator, which ru= ns the electricity grid. ``California will get its $8.9 billion dollars. If= we don't get all of it from the commission . . . we'll still get the remai= nder of the money'' through the courts.  Amount in dispute  Power industry = representatives appeared pleased with the judge's plan.  ``We haven't gone = and run the full numbers but it's going to be nowhere near the $8.9 billion= ,''' said Brent Bailey, vice president and general counsel for Duke Energy = North America. ``But let's face it, that's a pie-in-the-sky number that nob= ody in there believed in their right mind was a legitimate number.''  Wagne= r acknowledged he had not calculated any figures using his formula, saying = he arrived at his dollar estimate based on the offers made by the suppliers= .  The energy commission ordered the private settlement conference last mon= th when it enacted new price controls to try to rein in soaring electricity= prices in California and throughout the West. Commissioners hoped that und= er pressure of a deadline and their looming intervention the state and the = power suppliers could resolve the refund issue and stave off future litigat= ion.  But the suppliers and state officials never came close to a deal, par= ticipants said.  ``The numbers were too far apart. You saw $8.9 billion on = one end and you saw $716 million on the other end, and that's a long way to= splitting the difference,'' Wagner said. ``I think a lot of the parties ge= nuinely wanted to settle. Others didn't.''  Wagner now has until Monday to = make his recommendation to the five-member commission, which will make the = final ruling on refunds. To date, the commission has ordered $125 million i= n refunds for periods since last Oct. 2.  Wagner said Monday that he will a= sk that a special hearing be set up in the next 60 days to get the detailed= information from the state and power suppliers needed to determine a refun= d total using his formula.  The state may not end up with any cash, as any = refund total could be applied to the several billion dollars California and= its utilities still owe many of the power suppliers.  Reflecting the tone = of the negotiations, California Gov. Gray Davis on Monday blamed power supp= liers for the failure of the talks and challenged the commission to resolve= the situation.  ``Not surprisingly, the energy pirates that bilked ratepay= ers out of billions of dollars stonewalled and refused to negotiate in good= faith with our team in Washington, D.C.,'' Davis said. ``While in the past= the FERC has shown little, if any, interest in consumers, they now have th= e opportunity to redeem themselves by returning the $8.9 billion California= has demonstrated it is owed.''  Davis may go to court  At the opening of a= new power plant in Contra Costa County on Monday, Davis told reporters tha= t he's prepared to take the power generators to court if FERC doesn't order= the full refund. Davis also said the ISO's estimate of $8.9 billion doesn'= t represent all the overcharges. He said other estimates put the figure as = high as $20 billion, although he did not elaborate about how those figures = were calculated.  John H. Stout, senior vice president for Reliant Energy W= holesale Group, said the state used faulty methodology to arrive at the $8.= 9 billion figure.  California officials and several suppliers said they wou= ld continue to negotiate separately, and an official with San Jose-based Ca= lpine said his company is close to a settlement with the state.  Power supp= liers urged Wagner not to calculate refunds by applying the energy commissi= ons' June price-limits plan retroactively. But that's what Wagner said he w= ill do. It was a victory for California officials, who had pushed for it. W= agner, however, also made some changes to the price-limit plan that power s= uppliers had wanted. He applied it only back to Oct. 2, 2000. State officia= ls wanted it to cover up to May 2000.  $3 billion difference  The state's $= 8.9 billion figure comes from May 2000 through May 2001. Factoring refunds = beginning with Oct. 2, 2000, eliminates about $3 billion in overcharges the= state says occurred in the earlier period.  Among the changes to the commi= ssion's formula that Wagner made was to revise the way the prevailing elect= ricity price limit is calculated. Wagner wants the price limit determined f= or each hour of each day. The commission's formula sets a price limit durin= g Stage One power emergencies that remains in effect until the next emergen= cy.  But in a sign of just how complex the issue is, Stanford University ec= onomist Frank Wolak said he believes the standards described by the judge w= ill produce a much higher figure than $1 billion.  ``That's the methodology= the state used,'' said Wolak, who advises the California ISO on market iss= ues. ``By using the marginal unit for each hour, you'll get refund numbers = on the order of what the state estimated.''    Mercury News Staff Writers B= randon Bailey and Dana Hull contributed to this report.     Contact Jim Puz= zanghera at jpuzzanghera@krwashington.com  or (202) 383-6043.              = Power purchase bills exceed $7.5 billion  Published Tuesday, July 10, 2001,= in the San Jose Mercury News  BY MARK GLADSTONE, NOAM LEVEY AND DION NISSE= NBAUM   Mercury News Sacramento Bureau    SACRAMENTO -- Six months after ju= mping into the electricity business, the Davis administration on Monday pro= vided the first detailed glimpse of California's daily power purchases, sho= wing more than $5 billion in payments, much of it to government-owned utili= ties and private companies that state officials have branded as price gouge= rs.  The state spent an additional $2.5 billion on a variety of contracts a= nd other electricity services designed to stabilize the volatile energy mar= kets, according to documents that the state agreed to release last week ami= d a legal dispute over public access to the data.  In roughly the first fiv= e months of the year, the state shelled out $1.2 billion to Atlanta-based M= irant, the most any company was paid for electricity, followed by $1 billio= n to Powerex, the marketing arm of BC Hydro in British Columbia. It also pa= id $331 million to the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power.  The docu= ments raise questions about some of the common assumptions that have arisen= around the electricity crisis. For instance, almost 40 percent of the stat= e's purchases have come from government-run power generators in California = and elsewhere, but not Texas; some of the biggest suppliers are from the No= rthwest.  Gov. Gray Davis, who has ambitions to run for the White House, ha= s put much of the blame for the soaring costs of power on energy companies = based in President Bush's home state.  The figures are tucked inside 1,770 = of pages of invoices that Davis has resisted divulging, saying disclosure w= ould encourage suppliers to charge more. The state, which last month releas= ed information on its long-term electricity contracts worth $43 billion, ag= reed Thursday to release the first quarter details.  Short on explanation  = The figures were disclosed late Monday by the California Department of Wate= r Resources, which buys power for the state's financially strapped major ut= ilities, and seem to buttress the administration's contention that the pric= e of power is gradually dropping but offer little or no explanation for wha= t prompted the decrease.  In January, for instance, the average price for p= ower on the spot market was $321 a megawatt hour. It peaked in April at $33= 2 and dropped to $271 in May.  One megawatt powers about 750 homes.  Davis = spokesman Steve Maviglio said the price data supports the governor's assert= ions that California has been gouged. ``The bad guys are clearly the out-of= -state generators,'' Maviglio said. ``There has been a significant shift of= money out of California.''  But the documents fail to shed much light on w= hether, as the administration contends, the price drop was due to long-term= power contracts negotiated by the state earlier this year. Critics contend= that the Davis administration panicked and rushed into deals that commit t= he state to pay high prices for many years.  Used for support  Republican o= fficials used the price information to bolster their attacks against Davis,= a Democrat, for signing long-term contracts with power generators even as = the price of power on the spot market was coming down, partly because of th= e declining price of natural gas used to fuel many plants.  ``It's more cle= ar than ever that the long-term contracts are a bad deal,'' said Assemblyma= n Tony Strickland, R-Camarillo. ``The governor's really hurt the ratepayers= for the next five or 10 years.''  The newly released bills highlight the v= olatility of California's energy market, where the price per megawatt hour = ranged from $70 to $1,000. On any given day, the records show, the prices f= rom seller to seller varied widely, with some of the highest prices being c= harged by public utilities and companies outside Texas.  On one day in Febr= uary, for example, San Diego-based Sempra Energy was charging $165 per mega= watt hour, the Eugene Water and Electric Board was charging nearly $500 and= Duke Energy, a North Carolina company, was charging up to $575.  The state= 's daily spending peaked May 10 at $102.4 million for all power, including = the spot market and contracted power.  The state began buying power in mid-= January on behalf of the state's major utilities, which were unable to borr= ow money to buy power after amassing enormous debts for electricity.  San J= ose-based Calpine Corp., which is building several new power plants around = California including one in South San Jose, did only $29 million worth of b= usiness with the state in the first five months of the year, according to t= he figures.  The state began buying power in mid-January when Pacific Gas &= Electric Co. and Southern California Edison Co. were on the ropes financia= lly. PG&E later went into bankruptcy.  On Monday, state lawmakers took anot= her shot at trying to cobble together a plan to rescue financially ailing E= dison.  While most concede that a rescue plan Davis worked out with Edison = will not win the necessary support in the Legislature, lawmakers have creat= ed several working groups to come up with alternatives.  Compromise plan  O= n Monday, state Sen. Byron Sher, D-Redwood City, unveiled the latest compro= mise proposal that seeks to protect average ratepayers and small businesses= from further rate increases and forces everyone else to help finance the E= dison bailout.  The ``shared pain'' proposal would force power producers, o= wed about $1 billion, to take a 30 percent ``haircut'' and agree to forgive= about $300 million in Edison debts. Edison would be asked to swallow $1.2 = billion -- about a third of its debt. And big users would be asked to pay o= ff the remaining $2 billion in debts, possibly by paying higher prices for = power.  In exchange, large companies would be given the opportunity to buy = power on the open market, a system that would allow many of them to sign ch= eap energy deals.  Sher presented the proposal to Senate Democrats Monday a= fternoon, but it remains unclear how much support the framework will receiv= e in the Legislature.    Contact Mark Gladstone at mgladstone@sjmercury.com= or (916) 325-4314.     =09 Refund outlook dims  Talks break down; judge says state is owe= d much less than its $8.9 billion demand -- and unpaid bills may offset gai= ns.  July 10, 2001  By DENA BUNIS and JOHN HOWARD The Orange County Registe= r  WASHINGTON The nation's chief energy judge said Monday that California i= s owed maybe $1 billion in refunds from power generators, a fraction of the= $8.9 billion demanded by Gov. Gray Davis.  And even at that, said Judge Cu= rtis Wagner, the electricity sellers are owed so much more in unpaid power = bills that in the end California might not see one red cent.  Wagner announ= ced his recommendation to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission after tw= o weeks of fruitless negotiations between all the parties to California's e= lectricity crisis. With no settlement, the matter is now in the commissione= rs' hands.  Power generators, Wagner said, had offered a combined $716 mill= ion in refunds, an offer the state rejected. "I don't think it's 8.9 (billi= on dollars)," he said afterwards, "because I haven't been shown that it was= ."  For California consumers, every dollar the state can extract in refunds= is a dollar less that ratepayers have to shell out for state-purchased pow= er. And the more money the state gets back, the better the chances of wardi= ng off future rate increases.  "California will get its $8.9 billion," insi= sted Michael Kahn, head of the state's delegation and the California Indepe= ndent System Operator. Kahn brushed off Wagner's comments, finding victory = in the judge's assertion that the state is owed some refunds, a concept the= generators have been unwilling to embrace up to now, he said.  Since the t= alks began, some generators have made refund offers -- last week Duke Energ= y offered $20 million and on Monday, Reliant officials revealed their refun= d offer was $50 million, provided all other actions against the company wer= e dropped.  But the net result of the 15- day closed-door sessions is that = California is no closer to getting repaid for what it claims was price goug= ing by power companies going back to May 2000 than it was the day the talks= began.  And it means the state is in for possibly more hearings before the= FERC. If unsuccessful there, the whole issue could wind up in court for ye= ars.  "You can take a horse to water but cannot make him drink," Wagner sai= d during an afternoon public session where he made his preliminary recommen= dation. He has seven days to put his ideas in writing. At several points du= ring the often-tense talks, Wagner expressed frustration to the negotiators= and tried to get them to agree, even to the point of holding an unpreceden= ted Sunday session.  "The numbers were too far apart," Wagner said.  While = Kahn insisted the state had made progress, on hearing of the judge's commen= ts, state Sen. John Burton, D-Francisco, called them "barely better than a = jab in the eye with a sharp stick." Burton agreed with Kahn that the state = has to do all it can to get more than that.  And Davis backed up his team. = "Our delegation made a clear and compelling factual argument that there we= re overcharges made because the market was broken," Davis said. "Remarkably= , the energy generators and suppliers refused to recognize their responsibi= lity to the people of California and own up to their profiteering."  Power = generators seemed satisfied with the judge's views, even though John Stout,= vice president of Reliant Energy, said his company's "fundamental position= has been and remains that no refunds are justified."  Brent Bailey, genera= l counsel for Duke Energy, called the judge's recommendation, "a fair one."= Republican lawmakers in Sacramento were quick to say it was Davis' failed= energy policies that brought California to this point. They also distanced= themselves from the state's refund request.  "I don't believe there really= exists a true justification for that number," said Assemblyman John Campbe= ll, R-Irvine. "I've never considered that anything more than a wild number = to throw out there."  The two sides are so far apart in their estimates of = overcharges because they are using different assumptions about how to compu= te the complex pricing structure. And Wagner was more persuaded with the ma= jority of the generators' methods.  To start with, the state is asking for = $8.9 billion, but about $3 billion of those alleged overcharges happened be= tween May and October 2000, a period FERC is not looking at. FERC issued tw= o refund orders in March, finding that power companies had $124 million in = overcharges during power alerts. But the state is challenging that finding,= saying there were overcharges beyond those limited times. And the state is= also asking FERC to reconsider allowing refunds for May to October 2000.  = How energy panel affects California  Six months ago, few people had heard o= f FERC. Now the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the agency charged wi= th making sure that the nation's power markets are running smoothly and tha= t wholesale prices are "just and reasonable," rolls off the tongue.  The fi= ve commissioners who make up FERC - all of whom were members of their home = state's Public Utilities Commissions - ordered the settlement talks that co= ncluded Monday. They had hoped all the parties involved in California's ele= ctricity crisis could reach an agreement on proposed refunds, long-term pow= er contracts and other issues that have divided the parties for months. FER= C's chief judge, Curtis Wagner, was asked to mediate the talks.  WHAT WAS A= T STAKE?  For the state: $8.9 billion that Gov. Gray Davis said was the amo= unt power companies overcharged California in the past year. Wagner's findi= ng? There should be refunds. But more like $1 billion.  For the generators:= More than $5 billion that they say they are owed for unpaid power bills. W= agner's finding? Generators are owed more money than the refunds they owe C= alifornia. He did not specify by how much.  For California consumers: A sta= ble electricity market. Until the refund issue is settled and power prices = are stabilized long term, what the future holds for rate increase remains u= ncertain. Wagner's finding? No settlement. Consumers still in limbo.  HOW D= ID WE GET HERE?  In spring 2000, wholesale power prices began to soar. The = state began appealing to FERC to cap wholesale prices. In the meantime the = utilities were running out of money. Generators weren't paid for all the el= ectricity they sold. Rolling blackouts began.  Starting in January, the sta= te began buying the power, replacing the near-bankrupt utilities. Politicia= ns from Sacramento to Washington increased the pressure on FERC to cap rate= s. More than $27 billion was spent to buy power for California last year, c= ompared with $7 billion the year before. The price tag could reach $50 bill= ion this year.  On June 19, FERC imposed the kind of soft price caps expert= s say could moderate wholesale rates. Wholesale prices have come down, but = the caps have caused confusion among generators, leading some to hold some = power off the market.  WHAT'S NEXT?  The FERC commissioners will receive Wa= gner's report within a week. In it, he will suggest they hold a fast-track = formal hearing that would last no more than 60 days.  If they agree, after = that hearing the commission would rule on refunds and other California mark= et issues.  If either the state or the other parties to this dispute disagr= ee, they can contest FERC's decision in court. Such legal proceedings could= last many years.                State reveals details of power purchases  = Report shows last-minute energy buys in first three months of 2001.  July 1= 0, 2001  By JENNIFER COLEMAN The Associated Press  SACRAMENTO On three days= in May, California's daily power allowance topped $100 million, according = to a report released by state power traders.  The California Department of = Water Resources released the report Monday, along with 1,770 pages of docum= ents that also detailed the last- minute power purchases the state made on = the spot market in the first three months of the year.  The report details = the department's electricity spending since Jan. 17, when the state took ov= er electricity purchases for Pacific Gas & Electric Co., San Diego Gas & El= ectric Co., and Southern California Edison.  The utilities had amassed bill= ions in debts and were no longer creditworthy enough to purchase power. Sin= ce then, the state has spent nearly $8 billion to keep the lights on.  The = state's daily spending peaked May 10 at $102.4 million. The second-highest = daily total was May 23, when the state spent $101.8 million.  But since May= , spot-market prices have dropped, due in part to moderate weather, lower n= atural gas prices, increased conservation that lowered demand and because o= f increased scrutiny by lawmakers and investigators into possible price man= ipulation. Gov. Gray Davis has said long-term contracts also drove the pric= e down.  "It does look like some of the spot-market prices have gone down, = but it looks like it's primarily due to natural gas prices," said Jamie Fis= fis, spokesman for Assembly Republicans.  The slight reduction in spot-mark= et prices "underscores questions about the strategy of locking us into long= -term contracts, if natural gas prices continue to drop," Fisfis said.  Mos= t of the long-term contracts run for 10 years, with one lasting for 20 year= s.  Davis already has released details of the state's long-term power contr= acts after losing a court battle with Republican legislators and several ne= ws organizations.  But Davis wanted to delay the release of the spot-market= buys and short-term contracts until now to keep the state's buying strateg= y secret.According to the state, Atlanta-based Mirant Corp. got $1.24 billi= on as of May 31 for spot-market purchases.  Canadian Powerex, the marketing= arm of BC Hydro, has been paid $1.05 billion.  The newly released short-te= rm contracts also show that on March 19-20, when the state had rolling blac= kouts, the state paid above-average prices in its largest short-term contra= cts.  For example, Mirant sold the state 650 megawatt-hours at off-peak usa= ge times on March 20 for $345 a megawatt-hour, more than $70 above the aver= age price of $272.96.                 Tuesday, July 10, 2001        Ghost o= f Bob Citron roaming halls of capitol  Gray Davis is following footsteps of= former O.C. treasurer into fiscal chaos     JOHN M.W. MOORLACH  Mr. Moorla= ch is the Orange County treasurer-tax collector.   A recent L.A. Times poll= found that Californians still remain unconvinced that our state suffers fr= om a shortage of energy. Perhaps the state's subsidizing of the actual cost= s for electricity these past five months has caused us to believe that ever= ything is fine. It is not.  The state has been spending an average of $57 m= illion, a medium-sized city's annual budget, per day for electricity. Now C= alifornia is headed toward the same financial catastrophe that was imposed = on its shareholder-owned utilities, finding one of them in Chapter 11 bankr= uptcy and another on the precipice. At this pace, it will not be long befor= e the state will be staring a Chapter 9 bankruptcy filing in the face.  Tha= t's why I'm gnawed by this "d?j? vu" sensation. The similarities and parall= els between California of 2001 and Orange County of 1994 are frightening. H= ere's a refresher. In 1994 the county, through former Treasurer Robert Citr= on, was borrowing at variable rates and investing at fixed rates. The "expe= rts" and the "politicos" were comfortable with the investment scheme.  No w= onder the electorate was convinced that there were no investing improprieti= es. Even while their former treasurer was very secretive about how he was i= nvesting and what his "exit strategy" would be. Guess what? The unexpected = happened. Short-term borrowing rates doubled. The cost of borrowing suddenl= y exceeded the revenues being generated.  It caused the investment pool to = implode and Orange County taxpayers realized a $1.64 billion loss. In spite= of pleas to avoid or minimize this train wreck the county's leadership, he= ignored it. The rest is history. In a half-pregnant deregulation scheme, t= he state capped the retail price that the utilities can charge. It also eli= minated the availability to acquire electricity through the use of long-ter= m contracts.  Guess what? The unexpected happened. The wholesale price for = electricity spiked dramatically above the inflexible retail price cap. It d= epleted the available funds for the utilities, and then some, and they are = imploding. In spite of pleas from the utilities imploring Gov. Gray Davis t= o avoid or minimize this train wreck, he ignored them. The rest is also his= tory.  It gets worse. Davis doesn't allow for the immediate raising of reta= il rates and decides to have the state secretly purchase electricity. Guess= what? The expected happened. He depleted our budget surplus! Our reserves!= Nearly $9 billion - and counting! He's a Citron, only quintupled!  And in = the light of day, the secret purchases were not attractively priced and onl= y compound this financial nightmare. Gov. Davis has done what no Libertaria= n or Republican could ever dream of doing in such a short time. He has retu= rned the budget surplus created by taxpayers to the residents of California= by subsidizing their electricity bills.  Bravo! It may not be the most equ= itable way of refunding taxes, but has anyone ever thought up a more effici= ent method? But, that's not all. He wants it back! Davis now wants to borro= w some $13 billion to replace the spent reserves and purchase even more ele= ctricity at rates in excess of the retail prices! When does this train wrec= k in slow motion stop?  And how do we pay off these bonds? Davis did not wa= nt to raise rates last summer or this past winter. But now he will to pay o= ff this historically largest municipal bond offering with a significant uti= lity rate increase. The ratepayers will be reminded for 10 years after Davi= s is gone about his expensive brilliance. And this elected official wants t= o purchase the power grids and bureaucratically manage the utilities? I say= "no."  If we don't show some leadership in Sacramento soon, potential bond= buyers will also say "no," unless they receive an attractive interest rate= . Just ask Edison International about attractive interest rates. It just su= bscribed $800 million in bonds paying 14 percent. Tragically, Gov. Davis wa= lked into his position with an existing budget surplus and now has no tangi= ble legacy to show for it. No reserves. No improved highways. No new school= s. No infrastructure improvements. Only interest payments.  Wasn't that Cit= ron's legacy? If amortized over 10 years at 6 percent, the citizens of Cali= fornia will pay an additional $4.4 billion in interest costs. Over 15 years= it's $6.7 billion. And therein lies the true legacy of Davis, squandering = the entire budget surplus that he inherited on interest resulting from his = indecisiveness and lack of leadership!  It is so tragic that the perpetrato= r of this colossal mess is still in denial and continues to play the "blame= game." Orange County played the "blame game," too. But it had obvious perp= etrators and succeeded in a court of law in securing a significant amount i= n retribution payments. I'm not so sure California will have a similar resu= lt.            Calpine's Los Medanos Energy Center Adds Needed Generation t= o California Second New Major Base Load Generator for California        Jul= y 10, 2001      Second New Major Base Load Generator for California  SAN JO= SE, Calif., July 9 /PRNewswire/ -- San Jose, Calif.-based Calpine Corporati= on (NYSE: CPN) announced today that its 555-megawatt Los Medanos Energy Cen= ter in Pittsburg, Calif. is providing needed electricity to California's st= rained power grid. Los Medanos is the second major combined-cycle facility = to be licensed and built in California in over a decade. Fueled by natural = gas, the facility is designed to add up to 555-megawatts of clean, reliable= electricity to California on a 24 hours a day, seven days a week availabil= ity. As a cogeneration facility, the project also delivers electricity and = steam to USS POSCO for use in industrial processing.  Governor Gray Davis a= nd Calpine CEO Peter Cartwright will hold a press conference Monday afterno= on to commission the Los Medanos Energy Center and to recognize the support= of the local community, the construction and trades people, and numerous o= rganizations that helped develop the facility.  Cartwright said, "We are co= mmitted to creating innovative energy solutions for California's growing po= wer market. Los Medanos exemplifies excellence in power generation-ratepaye= rs and the environment benefit as Calpine brings to California new energy r= esources like Los Medanos."  Los Medanos is the second of eleven announced = modern, fuel-efficient energy centers Calpine is building in the State as p= art of a $6 billion energy initiative. Three additional facilities are unde= r construction, including an 880-megawatt facility in Pittsburg at Dow Chem= ical's facility. By year-end 2005, Calpine expects to be generating 12,000 = megawatts of clean, affordable electricity to help repower California.  Cal= pine broke ground on the Los Medanos Energy Center in September 1999. More = than 600 construction and trade personnel worked on the project over a 20-m= onth period. During the past several months, the project scheduled two ten-= hour shifts, seven days a week to get the plant operating as soon as possib= le in light of the energy crisis. And over the past several weeks, technica= l teams worked round the clock to complete the facility. The total cost of = construction is estimated to be approximately $350 million.  The Los Medano= s Energy Center is located in Pittsburg, Calif., in Contra Costa County adj= acent to the USS POSCO plant and is operated by a 22-member staff of highly= trained personnel.  As with all of Calpine's modern base load facilities, = Los Medanos uses combined-cycle design with natural gas-fired turbines in c= ombination with a steam turbine to achieve maximum fuel efficiency. Advance= d emissions control technology enables Calpine to reduce certain emissions = by more than 90 percent.  Based in San Jose, Calif., Calpine Corporation is= dedicated to providing customers with reliable and competitively priced el= ectricity. Calpine is focused on clean, efficient, natural gas-fired genera= tion and is the world's largest producer of renewable geothermal energy. Ca= lpine has launched the largest power development program in North America. = To date, the company has approximately 34,000 megawatts of base load capaci= ty and 7,200 megawatts of peaking capacity in operation, under construction= , pending acquisitions and in announced development in 29 states, the Unite= d Kingdom and Canada. The company was founded in 1984 and is publicly trade= d on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol CPN. For more information= about Calpine, visit its Website at www.calpine.com.  This news release di= scusses certain matters that may be considered "forward-looking" statements= within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amende= d, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, incl= uding statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of Ca= lpine Corporation ("the Company") and its management. Prospective investors= are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees = of future performance and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that = could materially affect actual results such as, but not limited to, (i) cha= nges in government regulations, including pending changes in California, an= d anticipated deregulation of the electric energy industry, (ii) commercial= operations of new plants that may be delayed or prevented because of vario= us development and construction risks, such as a failure to obtain financin= g and the necessary permits to operate or the failure of third-party contra= ctors to perform their contractual obligations, (iii) cost estimates are pr= eliminary and actual cost may be higher than estimated, (iv) the assurance = that the Company will develop additional plants, (v) a competitor's develop= ment of a lower-cost generating gas-fired power plant, and (vi) the risks a= ssociated with marketing and selling power from power plants in the newly c= ompetitive energy market. Prospective investors are also cautioned that the= California energy environment remains uncertain. The Company's management = is working closely with a number of parties to resolve the current uncertai= nty, while protecting the Company's interests. Management believes that a f= inal resolution will not have a material adverse impact on the Company. Pro= spective investors are also referred to the other risks identified from tim= e to time in the Company's reports and registration statements filed with t= he Securities and Exchange Commission.  MAKE YOUR OPINION COUNT - Click Her= e  http://tbutton.prnewswire.com/prn/11690X52413521  SOURCE Calpine Corpora= tion  CONTACT: media, Katherine Potter, 408-995-5115, ext. 1168, or investo= rs, Rick Barraza, 408-995-5115, ext. 1125, both of Calpine Corporation  Web= site: http://www.calpine.com (CPN)             National Desk; Section A  C= alifornia and Generators Still Split After 2-Week Talks By JOSEPH KAHN    0= 7/10/2001  The New York Times  Page 14, Column 1  c. 2001 New York Times Co= mpany  WASHINGTON, July 9 -- A federal mediator ended two weeks of negotiat= ions about California 's demands for electricity refunds today, with the st= ate and power suppliers seemingly no closer to a settlement than when the t= alks began.  The failure of the negotiations shifts the burden of resolving= the yearlong dispute to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, to which= the mediator may recommend a pricing formula that would mean refunds of ab= out $1 billion. California , which wants $8.9 billion, vowed today that it = would seek that much and more, through the courts if necessary.  Although e= lectricity prices in the West have eased in recent weeks, the power crisis = that has afflicted California and other Western states seems unlikely to be= resolved unless rival parties can agree on how much electricity should hav= e cost during the last 13 months.  The power market has been mired in an ac= counting gridlock. The state claims that generating companies began grossly= overcharging for electricity -- with prices soaring by a factor of 10 or 2= 0 over year-before levels -- beginning in late spring last year. Generators= say they are prepared to pay some refunds, but argue that California 's es= timates of overcharges are radically inflated.  The mediator in the settlem= ent talks was Curtis L. Wagner Jr., an administrative law judge for the fed= eral agency, who said today that the negotiations had failed to reach the c= omprehensive voluntary settlement he had sought.  Mr. Wagner said he would = recommend to the agency's commissioners that they convene a 60-day evidenti= ary hearing that would impose an administrative solution. He also said he w= ould suggest a method for determining fair prices for electricity .  Under = federal law, the energy commission has the obligation to ensure ''just and = reasonable'' electricity rates. Though the commission declared last year th= at California 's electricity market had broken down, it only recently began= imposing price controls on the market and has yet to address accusations o= f past overcharges systematically.  While the scope of any refunds remains = uncertain, Mr. Wagner's remarks appeared more favorable for generators than= for Western states, which have collectively pressed for as much as $15 bil= lion in refunds.  Mr. Wagner said that to determine how much California sho= uld have paid for power since last September, when the commission began mon= itoring California energy prices, he would suggest that the agency retroact= ively apply a price control formula it adopted in June. He also indicated t= hat he supported a way of calculating the costs of power generation that is= closer to the method favored by power companies than to the one put forwar= d by California officials. The judge suggested that the formula he is recom= mending could require generators to pay back hundreds of millions or ''mayb= e a billion'' dollars.  California officials gave a positive cast to the ju= dge's statements, calling them a step forward because he formally acknowled= ged that companies would have to pay some refunds. They also noted that wha= tever the level of federally mandated refunds, they would have the option o= f seeking more in court.  ''We are still going to get the $8.9 billion,'' s= aid Michael Kahn, who represented Gov. Gray Davis of California in the talk= s. ''If we don't get it all from the commission, we will get the remainder = in the courts.''  Governor Davis himself said today that if the agency did = not provide refunds in the amount the state claims it is owed, it would sue= generators for $18 billion to $20 billion. ''We are in a war with generato= rs, mostly out of state, that are trying to bleed us dry,'' Mr. Davis said,= speaking at the ceremonial opening of a power plant in Northern California= .  Representatives of several generating companies said that during the se= ttlement talks, they collectively offered to refund California about $500 m= illion. They estimated that the calculation method suggested by the judge w= ould result in refunds of no more than $1.5 billion -- far closer to their = offer than to California 's demand.  Still, several executives said they no= w hoped to reach individual settlements with the state that would end the t= hreat of prolonged litigation and allow them to collect several billion dol= lars they say they are owed by the state and its leading, financially press= ed utilities, which ran up huge debts to suppliers in the last year.  ''We = remain very interested in reaching a global settlement with the state that = will put this problem behind us once and for all,'' said Brent Bailey, vice= president and general counsel of Duke Energy.       Financial  Energy Refu= nd Talks Fail In Calif.; Federal Agency's Judge To Propose Settlement Peter= Behr    07/10/2001  The Washington Post  FINAL  Page E01  Copyright 2001, = The Washington Post Co. All Rights Reserved  California consumers were over= charged by as much as $1 billion by electricity suppliers since October, a = federal administrative judge said yesterday after state officials and power= suppliers failed to reach an agreement on the disputed charges.  Gov. Gray= Davis (D) and California power officials wanted $8.9 billion in refunds da= ting back to May 2000, when the state's energy crisis began.  A group of ge= nerating companies headed by units of Duke Energy Corp., Reliant Energy Inc= . and Williams Cos. offered refunds of $716.1 million in the past week, goi= ng back to October. The companies said refunds should be offset by the larg= er amounts they are owed for unpaid power deliveries to the state.  "The nu= mbers were too far apart," Curtis L. Wagner Jr., chief judge of the Federal= Energy Regulatory Commission, told reporters after two weeks of closed neg= otiations ended yesterday. Wagner acknowledged that his refund number was i= mprecise and said further hearings before FERC are needed to pin down the f= igure.  Calpine Corp. of San Jose and possibly one other supplier are expec= ted to reach individual settlements with the state, the judge said.  "A lot= of the parties genuinely wanted to settle and others didn't," Wagner told = reporters. "There's an old southern saying," said the 72-year-old Tennessea= n. "You can take a horse to water, but you can't make it drink."  He declin= ed to say which side balked, but previously he had blasted California offic= ials for not modifying their initial demands.  Wagner said he will send his= own refund formula to FERC's five commissioners within a week. His formula= essentially will reflect what he thinks reasonable electricity prices woul= d have been in the state at various times since October, considering fuel c= osts and other factors. Charges over those levels would be subject to refun= d, if FERC agrees.  The judge's recommendation is likely to carry considera= ble weight with FERC's commissioners, according to energy analysts. Earlier= this year, FERC tentatively ordered $125 million in refunds for the first = three months of this year, an amount that Davis called far too low.  Facing= increasing political pressure from Congress, FERC -- with two new members = appointed by President Bush -- has taken a harder line on California 's pow= er prices. Last month, the commissioners imposed price restraints on wholes= ale power transactions in California and 10 other western states. Wagner pa= tterned his formula after FERC's ruling last month.  The nation's wealthies= t state has been battered by an extraordinary surge in electricity and gas = prices that have pushed its electricity costs up from $7 billion in 1999 to= an estimated $27 billion last year. Power prices did not retreat from reco= rd levels until last month.  Davis's top aides quickly claimed vindication = yesterday.  "We think the numbers, even using the judge's formula, are goin= g to be in the multiple billions," said Michael Kahn, chairman of the Calif= ornia Independent System Operator, the state's power grid manager.  Kahn no= ted that the state refused to drop a growing list of legal claims against t= he principal energy suppliers, most of them headquartered outside the state= . The companies had insisted on being released from the state's legal claim= s as part of any settlement, according to sources close to the negotiations= .  "We will have a viable claim in state court and other jurisdictions for = the remainder," Kahn said. " California will get its $8.9 billion."  But th= e state's own expert witness, economist Eric Hildebrandt, chief market moni= tor for the California grid, testified before Wagner that the out-of-state = generators and other nonpublic power suppliers would owe about $3.7 billion= using FERC's pricing formula of last month -- less than half the $8.9 bill= ion goal.  Duke Energy is "very pleased'' by Wagner's action, said Brent Ba= iley, vice president and general counsel of the Charlotte-based company. Th= e generators, however, repeated their claims that Davis is trying to make t= hem scapegoats for the state's failed electricity deregulation plan.  The m= ajor generators, in a statement yesterday, said they had delivered only 20 = million megawatt hours out of the 145 million the state power grid used fro= m October 2000 to last May. (A megawatt supplies enough power for about 750= homes.)  California utilities and municipal power companies also reaped la= rge profits, the generators said.  "The refunds sought by California would = send a profoundly counterproductive message to suppliers: when prices are l= ow and surpluses exist, you face a steep downside; when scarcity develops a= nd prices rise we will take away all upside [profit]. No one will invest [i= n California power facilities] in that climate," the generators' statement = said. "The power supply shortage thus will continue without relief."   http= ://www.washingtonpost.com  Contact: http://www.washingtonpost.com          = Economy   California and Energy Companies Miss Deadline By Richard B. Sch= mitt    07/10/2001  The Wall Street Journal  Page A2  (Copyright (c) 2001, = Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)  WASHINGTON -- State officials and power-company= executives failed to meet a federal deadline for settling $8.9 billion of = disputed California electricity charges, as a federal mediator overseeing t= he talks suggested the state's demand was excessive.  Cautioning that he ha= dn't done formal calculations, Curtis L. Wagner Jr., the chief administrati= ve law judge of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, put the level of = potential refunds at "hundreds of millions of dollars, maybe a billion doll= ars." He also said any sums due the state could well be offset by monies it= s insolvent utilities owe in unpaid power bills.  Mr. Wagner said he would = recommend to the commission that any refunds be calculated only from Octobe= r -- the state had been seeking rebates calculated from May 2000 -- in line= with an earlier FERC jurisdictional ruling. That decision alone would shav= e $3 billion from the $8.9 billion claim.  Mr. Wagner, who is expected to i= ssue formal findings in the next few days, said he would recommend that the= FERC hold an evidentiary hearing to assess the correct method for figuring= refunds.  The collapse of the talks doesn't preclude individual deals late= r between energy companies and the state, which has accused them of overcha= rging for power during the past two years. Yesterday, some industry lawyers= indicated a willingness to keep bargaining, and Mr. Wagner said two "parti= al" settlements were in the works.  Yet, absent any such solution, the over= charge issue -- a flash point in the California power crisis -- is apt to b= e resolved in protracted legal and regulatory proceedings, which could drag= on for months or even years.  The negotiations began June 25, with a deadl= ine set for midnight last night. But late yesterday, participants indicated= they were billions of dollars apart, with basic differences over everythin= g from the disputed charges to doubts about whether the FERC, which ordered= the talks, could enforce a deal because of the industry's questions about = the reach of the agency's authority.  "We haven't reached a settlement. We = really haven't come close," said John Stout a senior vice president of Reli= ant Energy Inc.'s wholesale-power group. Reliant had offered to pay Califor= nia about $50 million to extricate itself from the fight. That is more than= a third of the Houston company's operating profit during the relevant peri= od, he said, although far shy of the more than $375 million California soug= ht from Reliant.  Mr. Wagner said the industry offered a total of $716 mill= ion to settle the matter.  The refund issue is fast becoming a test of the = agency's authority and credibility. The FERC, a onetime regulatory backwate= r, has come under intense scrutiny of late for its largely hands-off monito= ring of deregulated California markets. The commission has ordered some com= panies to pay refunds, but they have been relatively small -- such as a $12= 4 million rebate covering wholesale electricity bills in California in Janu= ary and February.  California Gov. Gray Davis has said he hopes two new FER= C members will take a much more aggressive tack. The agency is expected to = act quickly on the judge's call for a hearing and other findings.  Yesterda= y, Michael Kahn, a San Francisco lawyer representing Gov. Davis at the sett= lement, declared he was "gratified" by Mr. Wagner's findings, saying they v= alidated the state's claims to some refunds, a concept the industry had rej= ected at the talks' outset. "We've had a ringing endorsement of the idea of= refunds and we'll get back lots of money," he said, adding that what the s= tate doesn't recoup via the FERC it will pursue in court.  But power genera= tors, who derided the state's request for a huge refund as "ludicrous" and = "unsound," felt vindicated by yesterday's proceedings. "The state came away= with far less than its expectations," said Robert Loeffler, an attorney fo= r a unit of AES Corp. of Arlington, Va. "The common expectation now is that= any refunds will be way below this $9 billion."=09 
 Thanks. 
 Let's go ahead and do a call.  Good time for the 3 of us to catch up on what we've been up to (unless Alan and Sue are strongly opposed).  But no need to set up a formal agenda.  Best, Jeff 
 That's true, but we're trying to find substantive reasons for having the meeting.... 
 you're an angel (and, you're on the side of the angels).  Best, Jeff 
 you'll be pleased to know that people whom i barely know in the SF office are approaching me and ribbing me good about my expression in the pie video.  mission accomplished.  signed, alligator skin 
   Published Tuesday, July 10,  2001     State discloses spot power  buys  By Andrew  LaMar TIMES STAFF WRITER   SACRAMENTO -- They range from small power  sales of $922,000 by the East Bay Municipal Utility District to more than $1  billion of power sold by Atlanta-based Mirant power company.  All told, California paid $7.7  billion in spot purchases of electricity from 69 agencies across the United  States during the first five months of 2001, according to a report delivered to  lawmakers Monday.  The data also shows that the state paid a hefty average of $263 per  megawatt-hour for the power. But what's most striking is the long list of  agencies, both private and public, that sold power to California.  Agencies like the Los Angeles Department of Water & Power, $331 million;  the California Independent System Operator, $3.9 million; Public Service Company  of New Mexico, $126 million; and PG&E Energy Trading Company, $24 million.  Receiving the most money was Atlanta-based Mirant, which sold $1.2 billion of  electricity to the state January through May. The second-largest seller was  Powerex, a subsidiary of Canada's BC Hydro, which earned $1 billion.  The total cost per day ranged from as little as $20 million to more than $100  million on three separate days in May, when hot weather and tight supplies  boosted spot market prices.  In addition, the report reveals that the state's energy consultants  significantly underestimated the amount of energy the state would need to buy in  April and May. Navigant Consulting, Inc., forecast the state would have to buy  12.1 million megawatt-hours for the two months but the state ended up purchasing  15.1 million megawatt-hours.    The Sellers  The following is a partial list of companies that sold electricity into the  California spot power market from Jan. 18 through May 31. For a full list, go to  www.contracostatimes.com .    Company name, total dollar amount:  Allegheny Energy, $97,113,823  Arizona Public Services, $748,400  Automated Power Exchange, $2,541  Bonneville Power, $167,543,006  BP Energy, $110,776,576  California Department of Water Resources, $84,672,490  Calpine Energy, $29,169,658  City of Anaheim, $6,707,456  City of Burbank, $92,271,904  City of Glendale, $16,106,550  City of Redding, $85,280  City of Riverside, $62,700  City of Seattle, $2,461,225  City of Tacoma, $2,353,465  City of Vernon, $4,398,288  Commission de Federale Electricidad, $9,800,460  Duke Energy, $164,325,467  Dynegy, $296,294,363  East Bay Municipal Utility District, $922,560  El Paso Merchant Energy, $83,923,493  Enron Power Marketing, Inc., $44,276,800  Eugene Water & Electric Board, $94,147,219  Fresno Cogeration, $214,008  Grant County PUD, $49,013,211  Merrill Lynch Capital Services, $92,185,980  Modesto Irrigation District, $87,500  Morgan Stanley Capital Group, $8,864,625  Nevada Power Company, $25,378,035  PG&E Energy Trading Companies, $23,718,708  Portland General Electric Company, $354,821  Public Service Company of New Mexico, $126,799,436  Puget Sound Energy, $40,000  Reliant Energy Service, $122,598,810  Sacramento Municipal Utility District, $80,673,353  San Diego Gas & Electric, $5,768,380  Sempra Companies, $429,019,440  Silicon Valley Power (City of Santa Clara), $116,000  TransCanada Power, $38,829,528  Tucson Electric Power, $10,236,050  UC Davis Med Center, $1,141,600  U.S. Dept. of Energy, $2,605,855 
 i was never mad at you.  i thought that you were mad at me for interrupting your soliloquy. 
 fear not o boisterous one.  you know that eggers is speaking in SF in the fall, right? 
 Thank you. 
 Thanks, Ken.  I'm focused on the letter, so it would be very helpful if you could draft some brief message points and email to me and Karen.  Then the three of us can bounce them around a  bit before distributing to the larger group for comment.  Thanks again.  Best, Jeff 
 herbst theatre. 
 ....where geniuses speak... 
 John Fielder SVP of Edison will expect Dave and Mike (and me, if I'm not wrappped up in the interminable BS to try and get CA's market back on its feet) at Edison's offices in Sacramento at 1 PM tomorrow, Wednesday, July 11th.  Address:  1201 K Street (12th & K) Suite 1810 Sacramento 916.441.3966  Best, Jeff 
 got your message.  talk to you at 5 pm your time.  best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Something's wacky with your server.  I got Rick's note, but ain't received your original.  And you are, indeed, awesome, MRS. Hunter.  Best, Jeff 
 Worse, there was no attachment in Rick's note.  Could you forward to me the final.  Thanks a gazillon.  Best, Jeff 
 You're fired. 
 FYI.  Please keep confidential until further notice.  Important to note that this was delivered with the understanding that NO ONE has agreed to the specific language.  It was a quick turn around (at Hertzberg's request) to get the original, negotiated agreement into Legislative language (i.e., Martian) as soon as possible so that Hertzberg could try to move on it in the Legislature as soon as possible.  In addition, the Commission is likely to come out with its proposed "rate agreement" sometime this week, and is likely to release DWR's "revenue requirement" next week.  I heard from the Gov's financial advisor that Edison and DWR EACH want 2 cents out of the PUC's recent 3 cent rate increase.  It's going to get very interesting from here.  Best, Jeff 
 Great first cut.  Thanks very much.  Keep 'em coming.  Best, Jeff 
 Left him a message earlier.  Haven't heard back yet.  I'll call him again first thing in the AM.  He's probably busy getting his number changed.  Best, Jeff 
 Folks.  I'm working on it, but it's going to require quite a bit of work.  Please chk your emails later this evening for the next draft.  I'll page folks--those with pagers, that is--to notify when I've emailed it.  Scott, please inform Hedy and Bev.  Best, Jeff 
 fyi. 
 Thanks.  BTW, the pager jab was aimed at you....:) 
 yep. 
 FYI. 
  LADWP, Run By Davis Adviser, Cashed In On Calif Crisis  Dow Jones Capital Markets Report via Dow Jones   By Jason Leopold Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES   LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--On a single day in June 2000, the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, the largest municipal utility in the country, raked in $5 million selling California surplus power for $1,000 a megawatt-hour - about 30 times the average price the utility charged the month before.  That sale, reported by the California Independent System Operator and confirmed by the LADWP in an interview last June, was one of many instances in which the municipal utility cashed in on California's power crisis.  On Monday, the Department of Water Resources, the agency that has been purchasing California's bulk power needs in lieu of the state's cash-strapped utilities, released a detailed report of spot-market power purchases showing the LADWP charged the state an average of $242 a megawatt-hour for power from Jan. 18 through May 31 this year. That price is about $35 higher than those charged by most of the out-of-state generators Gov. Gray Davis has criticized repeatedly as price gougers.  Potentially embarrassing for the Davis administration, however, is that the LADWP was formerly run by General Manager David Freeman, who in April became Davis' top energy adviser.  Steve Maviglio, press secretary to Davis, said Texas-based generators are primarily to blame for the high wholesale prices that crippled the state's two largest utilities.  "Anywhere they wear cowboy hats, they probably have handkerchiefs across their face, because they are robbing us blind," he said. "The bad guys are clearly the out-of-state generators."  Freeman's trademark is a white Stetson.  The former LADWP chief, who last September quipped that a "blind pig could make money" under California's faulty deregulation setup, didn't return calls for comment.  Freeman took a leave of absence from the LADWP in January to negotiate long-term power contracts on behalf of the state.  Power To Sell   According to the DWR report, the LADWP brought in $331 million selling power to the state between Jan. 18 and May 31 this year.  The LADWP, which didn't take part in the state's deregulation debacle and which isn't under the jurisdiction of federal energy regulators, also cashed in throughout 2000. The utility has 7,000 megawatts of generation capacity but only needs about 5,500 MW to serve its retail customers, freeing it to sell as much as 1,000 megawatts to the ISO at prices comparable to what the generators were charging.  The LADWP did so well that it was able to pay down $200 million in debt and will reduce its customers' rates in 2002.  "It just shows you that enterprise is where you find it," Freeman said in an interview last year.  Last July, ratings agency Fitch concluded that California's electricity shortage provided LADWP "an opportunity for the sale of surplus power at favorable prices which added to the municipal system's coffers."  According to a report by the ISO, manager of the state's electricity grid, the LADWP overcharged California for power from May 2000 through February 2001 by as much as $20 million. Maviglio said the state will pursue refunds from the utility.  On Tuesday, an LADWP spokesman defended the utility's power prices, saying the costs of producing electricity were extremely high.  The ISO has estimated that the state was overcharged nearly $9 billion for electricity sales in the 12 months ended May 2001. On Monday, settlement talks between state officials and generators over the refunds broke down.  Other municipal utilities, including the Sacramento Municipal Utility District and private companies like BC Hydro in Canada, have also racked up enormous sums selling surplus power to California at the last minute.  -By Jason Leopold, Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3874; jason.leopold@dowjones.com   (END) Dow Jones Newswires  07-10-01  1557EDT  (AP-DJ)--07-10-01 1557EDT :TICKER: EIX PCG SRE :SUBJECT: EUTL CA COBO MU PETR Copyright (c) 2001 Dow Jones and Company, Inc. Received by NewsEDGE/LAN: 7/10/01 12:57 PM 
 FYI.  Please pass to Hedy and Bev.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings;  I've tried to accommodate everyone's comments, but there's still a hole or two.   In addition, seems that the letter would benefit from a bit more editing to make it shorter.  Richard, note that I've left a place holder in the opening paragraph to fill in a summary of our arguments and the conditions under which we'd be willing to produce certain documents.  Best, Jeff 
 Apologies that it took so long.  Just sent it.  Needed a hell of a lot of work, including researching for cites.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, Sue.  Talk to you in a couple minutes.  Jeff 
 Greetings.  I can't recall if I received the contact?  If so, I apologize for misplacing it.  Could you send it again?  Much appreciated?  Best, Jeff 
 I'm only coming if Molly comes as Martha. 
 Greetings:  1) I haven't forgot about Baldwin, but it seems that things have changed for him (and his company?).  His long-standing number know longer works and there's no forwarding number.  I'm trying to track him down.  2) What time's your weekly meeting on Thursday, and is there a call-in number?  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks very much. 
 Craver, Edison's CEO, is traveling and won't be back in the office until Wednesday.  I'm trying to arrange something with his office. Might need to take two cars if you've got other meetings set up.  I'll give you a call to discuss.  Jeff 
 Not sure.  Am checking around.  Will let you know when I find out.  Best, Jeff 
 There is currently a meeting set for this Thursday at 11 AM (PST) at Edison headquarters in Rosemead.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  In case you'd like to listen in on what the IOUs have to say about the current and future fate of the PX Credit.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi.  You guys gloating over the fact that the Yankees are getting CRUSHED by the D-Backs?  Hope you're both well.  Best, Jeff 
 Assuming you've seen this.  But just in case, here it is.  Fairly interesting.  Best, Jeff 
 Will we be covering this?  The utilities in California have been heavily engaged in maintaining "fortress monopoly" at home while advocating "openness" abroad.  Any info showing the discrepancy is useful.  No big deal.  Just curious.  And if someone does, a very brief update would be greatly appreciated.  Best, Jeff  Energy America to Discuss Marketing Practices in New Jersey Energy Choice Program  PR Newswire - 10/27/1999  (Copyright (c) 1999, PR Newswire)  WHEN: THURSDAY, Oct. 28, at 9:30 AM WHAT: Energy America, an energy marketer bringing choice and savings to New Jersey consumers in the state's deregulated electricity market, will make a major announcement regarding its marketing practices and participation in New Jersey's Energy Choice program. WHO: Donald E. Felsinger Group President Sempra Energy (Energy America is a joint venture between Sempra Energy, a Fortune 500 energy services holding company, and Direct Energy Marketing, Ltd., one of the largest natural gas marketers in Canada.) WHERE: Newark Club Grill Room 22nd Floor, One Newark Center Raymond Boulevard at McCarter Highway Newark, New Jersey 973-242-0658  Energy America is not the same company as SDG&E/SoCalGas, the utilities. Energy America is not regulated by the California Public Utilities Commission and customers do not have to buy products or services from them to continue to receive quality regulated service from the utilities.  CONTACT: Regina Parundik of Jampole Communications, 412-471-2463, for Energy America. 08:48 EDT 
 When's a good time to discuss?  I'd like to get as diverse a group of co-sponsors as possible, and as many as possible. 
 what do you mean high? 
 FYI. 
 FYI. 
 Business&Finance: ESB ownership of network is questioned - Competition Authority says separation of national grid from core company does not go far enough. Arthur Beesley reports  11/13/2000 Irish Times 18 Copyright (C) 2000 Irish Times; Source: World Reporter (TM)  The Competition Authority has questioned the ESB's ownership of the electricity network in the newly deregulated power market.  In a paper submitted to the Department of Public Enterprise, the body said the separation of the ESB's National Grid operation from the core company did not go far enough to ensure fair competition.  It said arguments in favour of the ESB retaining the transmission and distribution system ignored the 'overwhelming conclusion' that a generation company which owns such assets 'will naturally favour itself' at the expense of customers and reliability.  The paper has not been published yet. It is believed to state, however, that the ESB's retention of its 'non-competitive' transmission and distribution assets and its 'competitive' electricity generation business was unwise from a competition perspective.  The National Grid, which controls when individual power stations feed electricity into the network, was separated from the ESB when 27 per cent of the market was opened last February.  In theory, this meant the ESB could not favour its own generation stations over more efficient competitors when deciding which plant to switch on and off as demand for power fluctuates.  But the authority's response to the Statutory Instrument behind the separation - which renamed the National Grid as Eirgrid - said more should be done to ensure the market operates fairly.  The paper said: 'Some argue that as long as there is an independent operator of the underlying transmission system, ownership of the transmission system can remain in the hands of an upstream generation operator.  'In accordance with this line of argument, the shift of operational control of electricity transmission to Eirgrid would mean that discrimination in dispatch [of power] and other operations would not be possible. However, the Competition Authority considers that this argument ignores the overwhelming conclusion that the generation company that owns the transmission lines will naturally favour itself.'  The Statutory Instrument followed complex talks, which led to an agreement between the ESB, its trade unions and the Minister for Public Enterprise, Ms O'Rourke.  When Eirgrid was formed, the ESB retained ownership and responsibility to develop and maintain the high-voltage national transmission system and the low-voltage local distribution network.  The authority says these, too, should be separated from the ESB to ensure the competitive market functions fairly, according to a person familiar with its paper.  This would ensure equal access to the power network and an objective, transparent, non-discriminatory treatment of all electricity generators in the market, it said.  The paper argues the ESB has an incentive to allocate as many costs as possible to the operation of the transmission and distribution system.  Folder Name: Utilities, Electric: Deregulation Relevance Score on Scale of 100: 100  ______________________________________________________________________ To review or revise your folder, visit Dow Jones CustomClips or contact Dow Jones Customer  Service by e-mail at custom.news@bis.dowjones.com or by phone at 800-369-7466. (Outside the U.S. and  Canada, call 609-452-1511 or contact your local sales representative.) ______________________________________________________________________ Copyright (c) 2000 Dow Jones &Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved 
 Greetings.  The reference is specific to statements that we made when FERC first issued it's proposed order on Nov. 1 regarding how to fix the mess in California.  We said (and FERC was a little cranky about this) that we were pulling 300 MWs of power plants that we'd planned to build in California on the basis of the price cap proposal included in FERC's proposed order.  It was in the press.  So it was narrowly confined to the power plant proposals. Calpine subsequently announced that it, too, would pull the peaking plants it had planned to developed.  I think that they announced the same amount would be pulled---300 MWs.  If you need anything else, don't hesitate to call.  Best, Jeff    Cynthia Sandherr 11/14/2000 05:40 PM 
 Thanks for the heads up. 
 I would like to attend the event with Secretary Summers. 
 Hi Lisa: Just got a call from Rick.  He said that 1) The meeting needs to be in San Francisco. 2) The meeting needs to be on Dec. 5th. (Not the 29th or the 30th, as previously requested). 3) The meeting is mandatory.  I'll leave a message for Paul, too.  If you have any questions, just give a ring.  Best, Jeff 
 Any luck getting on Mike's calendar.  FYI:  His name is spelled Mike Bentivoglio. 
 Cathy Van Way called asking my view on some names she'd been given to invite to the hearing.  (I continue to cajole Jessie Knight to appear.)  During the call, she mentioned that the committee intends to invite Steve Kean and that she needed someone to email here Steve's vitals so that they could write a letter inviting him. 
 that's great.  glad to hear it.  no thanks necessary.  see you tomorrow. 
 Got a call from Rick.  Scheduling issues now make it necessary to have the meeting in San Francisco on Dec. 5th at 9 AM.  Rick asked that folks make the meeting a priority.  Best, Jeff    Melissa Cortez <mcortez@govadv.com> 11/15/2000 05:35 PM 
 Apologies but the meeting is going to be on Dec. 5th at 9 AM in San Francisco.  This date should be pretty darned firm.  Best, Jeff    Melissa Cortez <mcortez@govadv.com> 11/15/2000 05:35 PM 
 Left a message with the good doctor.  Will let you know just as soon as I hear.  Best, Jeff    Robert Hemstock@ECT 11/15/2000 04:23 PM 
 Can't thank you enough.  Great report and I wish that I'd been there with you to experience it.  I'd like to stay in touch.  It's a high priority of mine to come down there (as I've mentioned a few times).  I'm going to try and do it before the month's out.  I hope we can have lunch or something and compare notes about all this stuff.  This won't be going away for quite some time.  Thanks again for your help.  Best, Jeff    Dana Perino <dana@gablegroup.com> 11/14/2000 02:49 PM 
 I'll take a wild guess about what will be in the plan.  1. Marshall Law 2. Nationalize the grid. 3. International energy crimes trial.    Mona L Petrochko 11/15/2000 07:42 PM 
 Dr. Littlechild.  I'm very disappointed that our schedules seemed to pass in the night.  I had an engagement on Monday night, which regrettably kept me from having dinner with the speakers.  And Tuesday I was traveling.  I tried to call the Claremont and had a dreadful time trying to leave you a message.  If you haven't left the states yet, I would very much like to get together. Otherwise, I'll just have to come to London.  I understand that David Teece has filled you in on our discussions.  Would like to discuss that futher with you.  It was a great pleasure to meet you, however briefly, and I hope that our paths cross again very soon.  All the best, Jeff    "Stephen Littlechild" <sclittlechild@hotmail.com> 11/14/2000 11:46 AM 
 Sue:  My understanding is that, based on the discussion that you and Steve and I had last week, you're going to set up a meeting with Tim to discuss this.  Something we need to get our arms around fairly quickly.  Any possibility of doing it on Monday?  Best, Jeff    Steven J Kean 11/16/2000 06:15 AM 
 B.O.  you hearing any reviews?  i think it opened this week, or last week? And I think Cameron's got it right, you guys on the 29th, me and P. Dub-yah on the 6th.  Hey, I saw the menu that Nancy sent around.  Is she cooking on her own birthday?  Ol' Easy Goin'    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 11/16/2000 12:26 PM 
 Got your message.  You're a pal.  Can't thank you enough.  Wish you the best of luck on the options program.  If you can send me a copy of the presentation on the options programs, boy, I'd love to have one.  Please give our lovely counsel a big hug for me.  And I plan to be out there again real soon.  Best, Jeff 
 Meeting from 11:30 to 12:30 but otherwise available.    Joseph Alamo 11/16/2000 11:37 AM 
 Nov 16,2000  California Power Plants Get Jolt As Natural-Gas Supplies Are Cut  By Rebecca Smith Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal  LOS ANGELES -- Southern California power plants, already stressed to their limits last summer, got another jolt this week as a cold snap caused a sharp curtailment of supplies of natural gas used to generate electricity.  The power plants were able to switch to burning oil and continue to produce electricity. But the unusual curtailment of natural gas underlines concerns that an increased reliance on gas for power generation across the U.S. is putting the reliability of the nation's electricity supply at risk.  That's because virtually all power plants now under construction in the U.S. burn gas and only gas. The units affected this week in San Diego were able to shift to oil only because they were older plants that originally were constructed to burn oil. Generators have been reluctant to add a dual-fuel flexibility to plants in recent years because oil is far more polluting than gas and generally has been costlier.  In California, where gas-supply problems first surfaced on Monday in San Diego, there is pessimism about a Hydra-like energy crisis that seems to grow new heads every day. The state weathered three-dozen electrical emergencies last summer, caused by a shortage of electricity. Officials had hoped to solve the problem by speeding up construction of new generating plants. Now, they're finding the state may be building its way out of an electrical problem and into a gas problem.  One official, who has been warning of the danger of reliance on a single fuel, said this week's disruption pointed out the necessity of developing a comprehensive energy policy that recognizes how changes in usage of oil, gas and electricity affect each other. "We don't just need new generating plants and transmission lines, we may need pipelines, too," said Terry Winter, chief executive officer of the California Independent System Operator, the organization responsible for maintaining adequate electricity supplies.  "You can't look at these things in isolation."  The natural-gas problems surfaced when the local gas-distribution company, San Diego Gas & Electric Co., notified power-plant operators and a handful of industrial users that it would be restricting their gas use by about half. In California, residential and small businesses have first crack at natural gas, and industrial uses are regarded as secondary, even if they are generating plants. Dynegy Inc., the Houston-based energy concern that owns some of the older plants that serve San Diego, immediately switched to oil. But it didn't like doing so; its plants create three times as much pollution when  they burn oil and exhaust valuable air-pollution emission credits that power plants here need to operate.  The San Diego units couldn't simply be shut down, because the state was short of power. Roughly 30% of the state's capacity already was off-line, including many of its nuclear units, as most of those plants are now undergoing repair after being run at capacity limits throughout the summer.  What's more, the gas-pipeline system that feeds San Diego isn't big enough to begin with. The system was built primarily to serve residential customers and not big power plants.  The problems could persist, off and on, through the winter. That's because gas-storage levels are down sharply from a year ago throughout the nation, but especially in California, because it ran its gas-fired units so hard last summer. This time last year, Southern California had 87 billion cubic feet of gas in storage. Now, it's roughly 50 billion cubic feet, or 43% less. Prices also have moved up sharply, from roughly $2.50 a million British thermal units to around $8 this week. Nationally, storage levels are down about 8% from a year ago.  "Gas is trading higher in California than anywhere else in the nation," said John Lavorato, chief operating officer of Enron North America, a unit of Enron Corp. of Houston. But he said they're headed up in the Northeast, based on cold weather forecast for the next 10 days to two weeks.  High prices for fuel also push up prices for the end product, electricity. In California the average price for electricity to be delivered Thursday was $228 per megawatt hour. That's double the price a week ago and five times the price a year earlier. 
 Lisa:  Sorry, but Joseph's gone on vacation for the week.  I think that the size of the group is going to require that we do this offsite.  We use the "Park Hyatt" in San Francisco.  Could you check with Paul and let him know that I think that we need to go offsite, given the size of the crowd, and if he agrees, could you go ahead and check into getting a room at the Park Hyatt?  As always, I'm greatly indebted.  If there are any problems, or if you have any questions, don't hesitate to give me a call.  Best, Jeff    Lysa Akin@ECT 11/16/2000 10:37 AM 
 Dear LYSA:  I can only apologize profusely.  Profuse apologies, Jeff    Lysa Akin@ECT 11/16/2000 01:10 PM 
 In case you didn't get the information in my first email, my name is Jeff= =20 Dasovich and I'm in the Evening MBA program. 
 got the message.  in a word:  i love you.  thanks.  (is there an alternative to reviews?)  best, jeff 
 Annette:  Here are Jackie's cover letter and resume.  Thanks very much for you help. Hope it's not a bother.  Best, Jeff 
 Glad to hear it.  On the down side, it appears that I won't get you that email I promised until tomorrow.  If that's totally unacceptable, let me know.  Best, Jeff    Robert Hemstock@ECT 11/16/2000 04:05 PM 
 I think that it would be bad if Nancy had to cook her own birthday dinner.....    Prentice Sellers <psellers@Haas.Berkeley.EDU> 11/16/2000 03:49 PM 
 I'm going to try my darnedest to get down there before the month's out.  I'll let you know.  Best, Jeff    Dana Perino <dana@gablegroup.com> 11/16/2000 03:00 PM 
 Despite Its Depressed Stock, Commerce One Prepares for Blastoff By Joe Bousquin Staff Reporter 8/31/00 1:15 PM ET URL: http://www.thestreet.com/tech/internet/1062174.html  Poor Commerce One (CMRC:Nasdaq). Despite its best efforts, including Wednesday's 21% gain, it's still less than half the stock it used to be. Trading at about $63 a share, it's well off its split-adjusted high of $165.50, reached near the end of last year. Meanwhile, archrival Ariba (ARBA :Nasdaq), at about $150 a share, has steadily been marching back toward its all-time high of $183.31. It has jumped 47% since reporting its earnings on July 12. But as Wednesday's move may indicate, it may be Commerce One's turn. People are beginning to pay attention to the strength of its partnership with Germany's SAP (SAP:NYSE ADR). An exchange that Commerce One is helping build for the big automakers is about to crank up. And perhaps more importantly, some observers are beginning to see some value in Commerce One's focus on so-called direct B2B, which involves buying and selling major supplies like steel for cars instead of office supplies. Issues Aplenty Of course, there are still plenty of issues facing Commerce One, the same issues that have held its stock down. For instance, it carries the stigma of being a concept stock because no one knows whether those same big industry exchanges actually will work. Its sluggish stock also puts it at a disadvantage to chief competitor Ariba when it comes to making acquisitions to grow. But for now, there are signs that sentiment is shifting in Commerce One's favor. Gavin Mlinar, an analyst at Sands Brothers, sees three short-term positives for Commerce One. (He's the analyst who had the gall to downgrade Ariba on valuation concerns. His firm hasn't done underwriting for either company.) Mlinar says the word on Wall Street is that Commerce One, along with its new best friend SAP, will announce two new online exchanges in the coming weeks. (TSC's Adam Lashinsky recently wrote a column about the partnership between Commerce One and SAP.) While those sorts of announcements no longer guarantee a moon shot for a company's stock, they could show that the partnership is working. Two weeks ago, they announced new exchanges in the mining and energy industries. Commerce One declined to comment about the possible exchanges. Blastoff On top of that, Covisint, the mega-exchange that Commerce One is helping build for the auto industry, is slated to begin operations at the end of September, which could give the first indication of whether these exchanges actually work. Then there's the coming completion of Commerce One's acquisition of consulting firm AppNet (APNT:Nasdaq). Investors initially reacted negatively to that deal. But since then, it's become clear that there aren't enough consultants in B2B to go around, so the deal will give Commerce One its own army of geeks to plug in its software. "There's no doubt that investors are in a good position with" either Commerce One or Ariba, Mlinar says. "But it's a matter now of who has the near-term operational catalysts. I think there, it's Commerce One." Beyond those short-term catalysts, others say Commerce One has been positioning itself smartly for the long term, especially with its focus on the direct business. "We think the big play here is in direct," says John Biestman, director of investor relations for Commerce One. "While we will continue to service the indirect procurement side, we are hitting at the heart of where we think B2B will be, which is direct goods. We want to be the best-of-breed player there." Ariba has also made headway there, but its focus has primarily been on the indirect business, in part because it's easier to get companies to buy things like paper and pencils online than material that actually goes into the manufacturing process. But with companies becoming more comfortable about buying and selling online, they're now looking to the direct business as a way to save more money. With big customers like GM (GM:NYSE) and Boeing (BA :NYSE) and its partnership with SAP, Commerce One could be ready to exploit this growing comfort. Direct vs. Indirect "What's happening is the marketplace is beginning to understand the difference between direct and indirect," says Ben Smith, a consultant for A.T. Kearney. (His firm hasn't done consulting for Commerce One.) "Picking a [software] solution for one doesn't necessarily include the other." Smith points back to Commerce One's partnership with SAP. For years, the German software maker has been concentrating on the complex kind of software that helps businesses build things. If a firm can successfully plug that in to software designed to buy the building blocks -- like Commerce One's software -- it could have a winning combination. "The SAP partnership legitimizes Commerce One in the direct materials space," Smith says. "It gives them much more depth from the product standpoint than they can possibly build on their own." Of course, Ariba isn't letting this business just slide by. It's working with partners i2 Technologies (ITWO:Nasdaq) and IBM(IBM:Nasdaq). But this is Commerce One's focus. So if companies do begin to use direct B2B, Commerce One will be ready and waiting. 
 Delaney:  Here's an electronic copy of my presentation.  Thanks for inviting me.  Hope it was useful.  Best, Jeff 
 We're all over it.    Kimberly Kupiecki <kkupiecki@arpartners.com> 11/16/2000 05:14 PM 
 he lives.  thanks.  (no "t" in my last name.)  Best, Jeff  P.S.  when will we know, and who will win? 
 Thank you.    Teresa Janus <tj@Haas.Berkeley.EDU> 11/16/2000 02:57 PM 
 where the heck are you? 
 Can you translate this for me?    Mary Hain@ECT 11/16/2000 07:18 PM 
 FYI.  I'd like to renew. 
 when you find a minute give a call re: message from Sandi.  No rush.  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you.     Joseph Alamo 08/31/2000 05:38 PM 
 why's the market keeping us at 80? 
 hey darlin' (that's Texas talk).  how are ya?  so good to hear from you. hear you and JC are landed gentry over there in berkeley.  next thing you know, you'll be complaining about homeless people and how they're bringing property values down.  (tee hee)  love to see you guys some time.  what about this godfersaken election????  if you have a copy of the Berkeleyan, I'd love to get one.  My address is:  Jeff Enron Corp 101 California St., Suite 1950 SF, CA 94111  How's the Chancelor?  Hugs and kisses, Jeff    Patricia Cruse <Patricia.Cruse@ucop.edu> 11/17/2000 11:25 AM 
 Eldon:  If you're willing to get the stuff necessary to make this menu, I'm willing to act as "sous-chef" to Cameron to help make it.  Just don' t seem right to have Nancy cook on her birthday.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 11/16/2000 10:16 AM 
 you'll be hearing from me soon.  LOVE to get together over the holidays. (everyone from berkeley moved to noe valley---really ruined the place.)  give john a big hug.    Patricia Cruse <Patricia.Cruse@ucop.edu> 11/17/2000 12:25 PM 
 Thanks for hosting, Kim.  Jackie mentioned the list of tasks that remain to get this done (e.g., graphs, make spreadsheet pretty, write-up, etc.).  I'lll do whatever needs to be done, so once folks have picked which task they'd like to take on, just let me know what's left.  Or if there's another way folks would like to divvy up the chores, that's great, too.  Have a great weekend.  See you Monday.  Jackie, could you email the latest version around when you get a chance? Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm oozing with free time.  Monday sounds great.  Thanks.    Jacqueline Kelly <JKelly@FairIsaac.com> 11/17/2000 01:12 PM 
 Sure Sue has filled you in, but just to be certain, my understanding is that Dan Douglas, attorney for WPTF, is going to meet with the AG (not sure when) in an attempt to narrow the scope of the subpoena.  Dan also plans to begin drafting responses to the subpeona.  Since we are a member of WPTF and therefore presumably covered by the subpoena, seems important that our attorney's coordinate with Dan.  Sue, if I've mangled anything, let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Congratulations.  Even though it's the EEI agreement, getting Edison to agree to sign something is an achievement.  Good luck landing deals.  Jeff    Mary Hain@ECT 11/17/2000 01:51 PM 
 Guess this means we support it? (Kidding.)    Roger Yang@EES 11/17/2000 01:53 PM 
 Thank you.  Exciting stuff. 
 Cool.  Thanks for the info.    Chris H Foster@ECT 11/17/2000 02:26 PM 
 FYI.  Sure the desk wants the details kept confidential, but thought folks might be interested to know. 
 Rob: Here's a quick and dirty list of some lessons from California that Alberta may not want to repeat.  Steve, let me know if I've missed any messages we're using to describe California's woes (or mangled any, for that matter.  If you have any questions, don't hestitate to get in touch.  Best, Jeff 
 Great presentation, but the message seems a little blurred. 
 OK.  It's done.  Got two places.  One sleeps 8 and is big and is where we can have the party.  The other sleeps 6 and is very close by.  Right on the beach, so surfing will be a must.  Who is on your list for invites so far? 
 Dave/Sandi:  FYI.  In Joseph's absence, his fill-in asked that I take a call yesterday from the Mayor's office.  They called to confirm the meeting set up for Dave, Mike Day and Bev Hanson on Nov. 29th at 4 PM to discuss the serious electricity shortage in SF.  Best, Jeff 
 Chuckles is a must invite.    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 11/17/2000 05:49 PM 
 Counting on Paul.    Susan J Mara 11/17/2000 06:25 PM 
 I'm adding my two cents.  Here's 3, but not 4.  Few things.  1) I considered that everything was "material."  That reasonable?  2) Dylan, I struggled with the ban on preservatives, but ultimately decided it was unusual, not extraordinary, since the book sez that any write down of inventory is unusual, as opposed to extra.  But a case for extra can still, be made I think.  3) I did not include the 1994 litigation expense associated with the ban, since it seems to me that it's merely an expense that they would have taken in 1994, as opposed to a "potential litigation outcome" that they'd make an allowance for---I could be wrong, though.  4) Finally, I assumed that the depreciation-related gain was already included in the 1995 "income from continuing operations" number, and consequently included it as a footnote on my spreadsheet, rather than make it an explicit line item in the income statement.  I'll look at Kim's #4 and if I have any comments, I'll add them to hers and circulate.  Best, Jeff      Kimberly Kupiecki <kkupiecki@arpartners.com> 11/18/2000 06:54 PM 
 OK.  Having taken a second look at the spreadsheet I sent yesterday, here's a revised sheet (there was a math error in the original), and my adds to Kim's #4.  Most significant issue:  the discrepancy between Kim's and mine is that Kim's assumes that the $9,5 million includes pluses from things like dep/gain on sale, while mine assumes that it doesn't (i.e., Kim subtracts them, I add them).  No big deal, we just need to make an assumption and go with it. There's a couple of other differences that are identified in the answer to #4--again, just need to make the call either way.  Best, Jeff 
 Rumor on the street that the legislature may make a last minute play to change the make-up of the governing boards (at least for the ISO) from the current stakeholder make-up to one made up of appointees of the governor. 
 My understanding is the same.  Content looks good.  Message points been developed in the event they're needed?  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 11/20/2000 08:07 AM 
 Will have any comments to you pronto. 
 See attached.  Just a couple of typos corrected in strike-out-underline. Question:  Thought I'd included the gain on sale as "unusual" as opposed to "extraordinary."  If we leave it out, are we assuming it's already included in the $9.5MM?  If so, we might want to include a note at the bottom of the spreadsheet like, $9.5 MM figure includes $750,000 gain on sale of certain assets completed in 1995."  Or am I just totally out lunch on this one.  Thanks.  This one was a little messy.  You did a great job of pulling it together.  Best, Jeff 
 My suggested edits are in CAPS. 
 FYI. 
 I like it.  Give it one final read through for final refinements.  Then send to bay guardian, sf weekly, pacific sun (marin), (and the east bay has a weekly mag, too, the name of which escapes me--might be out of berkeley). Any of these would give good exposure, and likelihood of someone of your caliber getting in is pretty high. 
 get better. 
 No problem.    Kimberly Kupiecki <kkupiecki@arpartners.com> 11/20/2000 01:02 PM 
 Hi, Marcie.  I've added two things to the end of the update:  PG&E/Edison sue the PUC in federal court to recover procurement costs. Edison files proposal with PUC to declare rate freeze is over and establish a new rate freeze at 110% of old rate freeze that would last for 5 years.  I don't have all the details to fill in, though some of the details might be available from the PG&E/Edison websites, and Sue and Mona might have additional info.  Hope this helps.  Best, Jeff 
 will do. 
 Might be useful to observe how others react prior to responding.  The good senator may have to fight over the surplus with a lot of teachers looking to spend the $$s on school books.  That fight could get interesting if the backdrop for the debate is a CEC report that sez "no problem, we're in charge."  I'm sure we'd be willing to build a few plants for $2 billion...    Susan J Mara 11/20/2000 02:10 PM 
 my pleasure. 
 No, you're correct.  In the spreadsheet, there were three sorts of "items": discontinued ops, unusual items, extraordinary items, and accounting changes.  The sale of the assets came about in the attempt to "trim the fat" (or manage earnings, you make the call).  Here's the line item from my spreadsheet:    It came right after the entries for the "unusual loss from the government ban."  I included it with the "unusual" items (right after discontinued ops and right before extraordinary items.  Big question is, is it included already.  I assumed not, since (though it's confusing), the problem makes is sound like none of the additional "agenda items" were accounted for.  I don't think it's a huge deal, though.  The questions left a lot of room for ambiguity.  Best, Jeff    Dylan Windham <dwindham@uclink4.berkeley.edu> 11/20/2000 02:16 PM 
 I agree completely, which is why I think the *$(*#-ed case is confusing.  Let it go.  Leave as is.  Think about it no more.  See you tonite.  Jeff 
 great time.  thanks a million.  sorry i had to do homework for some of it. what would you like me to cook/bring for friday?  i make a mean oyster stuffing.  and my homemade cranberry sauce is ok, too.  just let me know.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 11/20/2000 11:57 AM 
 FYI. 
 OK!!!  I don't put my stuffing in the bird!!!  The more cranberries the better!!!  Yours truly!!!!  Jeff!!!  p.s. how did pittsburg lose??!?!?!?!??!?!?!??    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 11/20/2000 03:52 PM 
 I don't get it.  What does she want to do?    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 11/17/2000 09:48 PM 
 i know!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 11/20/2000 04:01 PM 
 These performance reviews may push me right over the edge.  Good talking to you earlier.  Sounded like the Paul I know and admire.  You sounded energized.  Looking forward to having you around more.  One thing.  Please don't count December out as a possible start time for the special session.  Anything can happen.  Book your hotel room early.  Best, Jeff 
 the damned book costs $100!  i've borrowed yours.  you know where to find it. 
 There's a place for working and re-working.  There's also a a very important place in art--writing in particular--for spontaneity and whim.  I'd do a tweak here and a snip there, but quickly and only around the edges, and submit it as a film review.  It's novel, it's fun, and exposure'd a good thing.  Things are good.  Going to be weary for the next 3-4 weeks until schools out, though.  Best, Jeff    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 11/20/2000 04:15 PM 
 Rick:  Just want to let you know that I missed the boat a bit in coordinating my reviewers with Paul.  In my first attempt to input them in the system, I hesitated including you for the simple reason that I'm certain you have countless other reviews to do already, and, frankly, I feel that you're an integral part of my review whether you're formally on the list or not.  When I went back to make my final additions to the list, the systerm was already closed--Paul had approved the first round, which I guess shuts it down.  It's likely not appropriate for reviews to happen outside the system, but I wanted to let you know that, from my perspective, it would be great to receive from you.  I'd value it a lot.  And I think we've worked closely enough together over the last year for you to have a basis for reviewing me. But again, I'm of the view that irrespective of the list, you partake in my review of necessity, and I don't want to add any additional burdens to an already loaded schedule.  No big deal, just wanted to let you know.  And I'm having a field day filling out your review. ("Rick discriminates unfairly against neon-colored shirts.")   Seriously, I was quite pleasantly surprised to have ended up as one of your reviewers.  Best, Jeff 
 I threw out the green shirt.  Swear to god.    Richard Shapiro 11/20/2000 05:18 PM 
 It's a never-ending cavalcade.... 
 Here's the report that Sue referenced earlier.  Appears that the administration's analysis of California's energy problems will continue to focus solely on the "bad actor" conspiracy theory. 
 Julee:  Thanks very much for the info.  Could you please add me to your=20 distribution so I can get these up to the minute dispatches?  Thanks a lot.= =20 Also could you forward along the press release materials you mention at the= =20 end of your note?  Thank you very much.  Best, Jeff 
 Steve Peace is watching his political career vanish before his very=20 eyes---couldn't happen to a nicer guy.  Rightly or wrongly, he's determined= =20 that this tack is his last and best option to salvage something.  Whether= =20 anyone joins his parade is a whole other question.  Nevertheless, we should= =20 expect him to continue. 
 Congratulations.  And count me in.  We're off to the races.  Best, Jeff  And a very Happy Thanksgiving.    Sue Nord 11/21/2000 10:01 AM 
 Here's what I need (thanks, honey):  3 bags of fresh cranberries 2 oranges box of brown sugar 6 jars of oysters 6 loaves of bread (get the "rounds" of bread---vary them, like olive bread, sour dough, sweet, whole grain, potato) thing of celery 4 large yellow onions couple bulbs of garlic 2 pounds of butter (clover, salted)  Thanks, sweetie, and good luck on your midterm! 
 Forgive the tardiness.  As soon as I come up from air from completing a tidal wave of performance reviews, I'll give a full report.  Bottom line:  His message is a very good one.  His delivery could use a tad spicing up, however.  Unfortunately, when I was free, he was in meetings, and vice versa.  So we never got to sit down and chat.  I'll fill you in more soon.  Best, Jeff    Mark Schroeder@ECT 11/17/2000 11:52 AM 
 FYI. 
 I can attest to the fact that you hit the bulls-eye, dead center, sir, with your description.  But again, the message is great, and his written stuff, I think, is effective.  Your decision to help fund his participation was an extremely good one in the end.  Best, Jeff    Mark Schroeder@ECT 11/21/2000 10:29 AM 
 415.782.7854. 
 Don't hesitate to call and discuss further the "hard lessons" that I sent you.  I may want to amend the ISO RFP numbers just a wee bit, too, before (and if) you use them.  Best, Jeff 
 Doesn't strictly qualify as an origination opportunity, but through a contact, I've met with some folks who have some pretty nifty network hardware/software that offers some interesting possibilities w/respect to network performance (optical routing technology).  I'd like to hook them up with network folks, both a technical and a commercial person.  Anyone suggestions?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm forever indebted.  Best, Jeff    Michelle Hargrave@ECT 11/21/2000 11:35 AM 
 If possible, that would be perfect, and greatly appreciated.    Sue Nord 11/21/2000 12:13 PM 
 could you please follow up with stephanie and let her know that i'd like to review?  thanks very much.    Stephanie E Taylor@ECT 11/21/2000 03:00 PM 
 Sorry Stephanie, I meant to send the previous note to Joseph. 
 bet you're having fun.  are there comments that accompany Alan's tech piece? 
 Internet B2Bs Rose Hard and Fell Hard Once Before. Time for Act Two? By Joe Bousquin Staff Reporter 8/30/00 9:22 PM ET URL: http://www.thestreet.com/tech/internet/1060952.html  Beware the booming B2Bs. Several business-to-business stocks rocketed upward Wednesday on little news as the Nasdaq waffled for most of the day. While some market watchers said investors were betting on a strong quarter, many analysts couldn't explain increases of 15% or more in stocks like Commerce One (CMRC:Nasdaq), Ventro (VNTR:Nasdaq), PurchasePro.com (PPRO:Nasdaq) and Clarus (CLRS:Nasdaq).  Big Day for B2B Several of the stocks rallied Wednesday on little news.   "You've got me," says Bill Epifanio, B2B analyst at J.P. Morgan. "They're all going nuts on nothing." Since earnings season ended, sentiment about B2B stocks has shifted back to the rose-colored variety in this sector. While this change is based on the concrete results that companies like Ariba (ARBA:Nasdaq), i2 Technologies (ITWO:Nasdaq) and FreeMarkets (FMKT:Nasdaq) delivered, investors also may want to pause and reflect. After all, it was only this past spring that investors grabbed any B2B stock within reach on hopes of unlimited growth, only to have them come crashing back down. Focus "Before, we were buying stocks on promises of what they could be, and that's when it got out of hand," says Eric Upin, B2B analyst at Robertson Stephens. "Now, you've got to focus on which stocks are delivering lots of growth and revenue." Upin looks to Ariba and i2 Technologies as examples of companies that are actually delivering. (He rates both a buy, and his firm hasn't done underwriting for either.) Ariba recorded $153 million in deferred revenue in the most recent quarter. Deferred revenue is money that a company collects before it actually delivers a product or does its job. It's a good signal, because if people are willing to pay before a company gives them something in return, it means there's strong demand. Ariba was up $8, or 6%, to $152.50. i2 is considered a strong player in supply-chain management software, and it has a partnership with Ariba and IBM (IBM:NYSE). It climbed $11.13, or 7%, to $168.75. Reaching? But in a possible indication that investors may have just been reaching for any B2B stock, Ventro finished up $2.69, or 21%, at $15.50 on no news. This is the same company that upset analysts and investors with a poor second-quarter performance, with just $1.8 million in net revenue. "Investors need to be more careful regarding which of the B2Bs they select," adds David Hilal, a B2B analyst at Friedman Billings Ramsey. "When B2B was at its highest, any company that used that acronym seemed to perform well. Now, you have to dig deeper and figure out which ones are the real players in this new economy." Meanwhile, one of the most interesting subplots Wednesday involved Commerce One. On no real news -- there was talk about an already announced deal -- Commerce One shot up $10.88, or 21%, to $63.25. There's been a lot of chatter about the company lately. Gossips love to talk about how its partnership with German software maker SAP (SAP:NYSE ADR) might lead to a merger. Then there's the persistent rumor that the two companies will soon announce two more Internet exchanges for major industry groups. On top of that, Covisint, the big auto exchange that Commerce One is helping build, is setting up to launch near the end of September. Lump that in with the fact that Commerce One's stock has slouched in Ariba's shadow lately, add a dash of Wednesday's positive sector sentiment, and you've got the most active stock on the Nasdaq Wednesday. It traded more than 27 million shares, whereas it usually trades 6.6 million. Ready to Bolt Gavin Mlinar, an analyst at Sands Brothers, says the stock has been setting up for a move for a while. "September is a big month for them; they have so much on the table for a potential lift," Mlinar says. He's been crowing about Commerce One since mid-August, when he said the company was starting to look more attractive than Ariba on a valuation basis. And overall, Mlinar contends that conditions were right for a B2B run. "The emphasis and momentum has clearly been building lately," he says. "There wasn't much, on a broad basis, since April, and now we're seeing a total rotation into these names." Which is just what some observers are cautioning against. 
 thanks.  would it be a violation of interstate commerce to keep press from alberta from crossing the border into the states? 
 ok.  i'm on for stuffing and cranberry sauce. 
 Sure this is just what you needed.  Best of luck.  Best, Jeff 
 neat!  don't worry, i'm excited to cook!!!!  i'll try to do it in advance!!!!  but if i can't, i'll need to cook at your place!!!!  that ok?!?!?!!!!!!  see you soon!!!!!  Best! Jeff!   P.S.  it's 3:14 PM!!!!!!    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 11/21/2000 05:09 PM 
 I'd leave a voicemail with Sandi (she's taking voicemail on her trip) and ask her if she'd like for you to contact them. 
 got your message.  a hearty congratulations on the portland general approval from ferc.  i'm chained to my desk doing reviews.  best, Jeff 
 Hey buddie: Give me a call tomorrow.  Want to catch up on a few things.  Thanks a bunch. Best, Jeff 
 Alberta? 
 I'm not sure which is worse, the story, or the timing.  You psyched about the FERC approval?  And is there a story behind the sale of Sierra's power plants? 
 Now wait one darn minute, lil' lady (do you hear John Wayne's voice?).  The price cap in California remains--that's right, remains--at a lofty $250/Mwh. Thank you, Government Affairs.  Seriously, seems reportable, given that at one point it had moved to a time-differentiated cap.    Susan J Mara 11/21/2000 05:47 PM 
 pls call at 415.782.7822.  thx, jeff 
 plz try me again.  thx,jeff 415.782.7822 
 Agree that we should decline to participate.  I also got a call from IEP regarding the press conference and strongly encouraged them to signicantly diversify the group to include customers, consumer groups, and the like.  Haven't heard about the meeting on the first with the governor's staff. Interesting that the administration is choosing to meet with folks on the day that the report is released.  For the same reasons that we wouldn't want to be grouped with generators at a press conference, we may not want to be grouped with generators when the staff disseminates the report's words of wisdom.     David Parquet@ECT 11/21/2000 06:50 PM 
 If there is a deal shaping up, it's happening by and large through the auspices of IEP.  We've thus far decided to maintain an arm's length relationship with IEP, choosing not to get too close to the generators.  If we want to influence any deal they cut, we'll need to assess how closely aligned/associated with them we want to be.  Further we distance ourselves, less likely we'll be cut in.  That said, Sue and I have been participating in IEP's (interminable) conference calls and actively weighing in to influence what they do.  There was considerable discussion on the last call about developing some sort of "price cap" proposal that could form the basis of a deal, but no discussion whatsoever regarding refunds of any kind.  There were differences of opinion about the benefits of doing a deal on a cap----Williams is dead set against it, Dynegy & Reliant seemed considerably more pliable.  We reminded folks that there are many other things apart from caps that California could do to "fix" the problem (e.g., site plants, forward contracts, retail market, core/noncore split, etc.), which might obviate the need for caps altogether.  We also recognized the political nature of the situation and expressed a willingness to discuss a cap that might be acceptable, but pointed out our general concerns with caps.  That last meeting provided the impetus for the 28th press conference, at which (hopefully) a large number of stakeholders with urge the Governor and the PUC to get off the dime and do something concrete that can help---develop a rational policy for forward contracting by the IOUs and abandon the "PUC as counterparty" policy that currently exists.  Again, haven't heard a peep about any deal on refunds.  Will check around, though.  Best, Jeff      Richard Shapiro 11/22/2000 07:46 AM 
 I'll check with Smutney.  Can you two check with your Dynegy and Reliant contacts in Houston?    Richard Shapiro 11/22/2000 07:46 AM 
 I'm available.    Richard Shapiro 11/22/2000 06:18 AM 
 How about $1 billion to build some new pipelines in California?=20 
 I'd prefer to wait on the call.  I'll be distributing my suggested refinements to and speakers for Rob's "Option 3" by COB today. 
 What's the latest tally in Florida?  It gets increasingly important every time Richardson opens his gawd-fersaken mouth. 
 Unless Loretta Lynch, or worse, Gray Davis are your counter parties. 
 Here are IEP's comments on caps.  It's from a draft circulated last Friday,= =20 but just spoke with Smutney, and he said that the comments did not change= =20 substantively .  Very briefly, "IEP is generally opposed to caps, but if=20 FERC's going to go with a soft cap, 1) there's a lot of clarification neede= d,=20 2) it needs to include "upward ratchet," a la Heber and 3) it must be linke= d=20 with other reforms (i.e., forward contracting, siting, retail markets,=20 etc.)."  The comments do not explicitly address the level of the cap.  They= =20 also call for a technical conference.  Anything to add, Sue? ***************************************************************************= *** *************************************** B. Issues Concerning Implementation of the =01&Soft Cap.=018 =20  IEP has concerns about the implementation of the =01&soft cap=018 proposal.= IEP=20 has not and does not support price caps because it impedes the operation of= =20 the market and distorts price signals.  Such mechanisms should have no plac= e=20 in competitive markets in the long-run.  The Staff Report notes that caps d= o=20 not work. Citation; Also MSC,   IEP is concerned, as are others, that the= =20 soft cap proposal will fail to attract new investments in supply or foster= =20 meaningful demand response.   It is particularly problematic in terms of=20 attracting new capacity that will operate as peaker units for a limited=20 number of hours when weather-induced demand cannot be met from less expensi= ve=20 units or imports. Notwithstanding the apparent opinion of SMUD otherwise,= =20 there are demands which materialize only for a fraction of a percentage of= =20 the total hours of a year, and therefore some resources will only be=20 dispatched a short number of hours to meet that need.  These resources tend= =20 to be fast ramping, less efficient units that are not designed or intended = to=20 operate as =01&baseload=018 facilities.  Hence the suggestion that they =01= &just=20 operate more=018 to recover their costs is misplaced. =20 The soft cap also appears to be especially problematic to power marketers w= ho=20 make wholesale purchases for subsequent resale but who may not own the=20 underlying physical generation assets.  These entities have a major role in= =20 the marketplace in terms of bringing demand and supply together and they se= ek=20 return on the risks they undertake.  These entities will perceive the =01&s= oft=20 cap=018 as a =01&hard cap=018 which will chill their participation in Calif= ornia,=20 particularly when regional supplies become tight and expensive.  This=20 unintended consequence must be avoided or the markets will be hobbled. =20 IEP echoes the concern articulated by the CAISO that the soft cap proposal= =20 may divert or require additional ISO resources.    It will clearly compound= =20 the settlement processes at the CAISO as transactions above the soft cap wi= ll=20 require additional tracking and segregation to allow for potential=20 =01&unwinding=018 should the bids be disallowed.  It will also require some= form of=20 new software to provide for potential calculation of the weighted averaged= =20 prices suggested in the November Order, presumably in 10-minute increments,= =20 to blend with the market clearing prices established in the various markets= . =20 Moreover, if that averaged price associated with bids above the cap is=20 modified often, then CAISO will be required to =01&re-run=018 settlements o= r=20 undertake subsequent settlement adjustments.  It is possible that these=20 efforts=01*which are suggested as temporary measures in the November Order= =01*would=20 take away from CAISO=01,s efforts at developing solutions to longer-run pro= blems=20 in terms of software modifications/development.  At first blush the details= =20 regarding implementation of the soft cap proposal are not straightforward a= s=20 currently described, and any further exploration this approach will at leas= t=20 require a =01&technical conference=018 to clarify the mechanics and to ensu= re that=20 it can be done in a reasonable manner. =20 IEP could only support the soft cap proposal if it is part of a negotiated= =20 package of inter-jurisdictional programs, and provided that it is subject t= o=20 an pre-established unidirectional escalation mechanism, or a similar one-wa= y=20 mechanism that is tied to the development of new capacity within the WSCC. = =20 The inter-jurisdictional elements must include: ? establishment of standards applicable to potential refunds based on=20 allegations of market power abuse in FERC jurisdictional markets;=20 ? definition of durable reasonableness review standards applicable to=20 wholesale purchases by the load serving utilities such that they will no=20 longer be discouraged from entering bilateral arrangements on a forward bas= is; ? establishment of a =01&road map=018 by the California Commission that del= ineates=20 a firm timeline=01*with milestones=01*for the review and resolution of reta= il=20 market issues including market-based demand responsiveness; ? establishment of a =01&road map=018 by this Commission, in consultation w= ith the=20 CAISO, that delineates a firm timeline=01*with milestones=01*for the review= and=20 resolution of implementation issues associated with the Commission=01,s=20 subsequent order in this docket as well as other outstanding proposals such= =20 as generation interconnection rules and congestion management; ? establishment of firm sunset date, not to exceed 2003, to bound the=20 duration of soft cap, and implement a unidirectional escalation mechanism,= =20 not subject to subsequent lowering, which is based either on a=20 pre-established schedule or tied to increases in installed capacity within= =20 the WSCC. 
 you do the same, buddy. 
 Hey, fearless, leader. You going to distribute that spreadsheet?  And when do we need to regroup.  Happy Thanksgiving.  I'll report by on my conversations with Mike.  Best, Jeff 
 Steve:  FYI.  Don't worry about the conference call, but thought it might b= e=20 useful to review the proposals prior to Monday's meeting.  See you Monday.  Happy Thanksgiving to all.  Best, Jeff  ***************************************************************************= *** **************************************  Several IEP companies have been invited to a meeting with the Governor=01,s= =20 staff next Monday, November 27th. The following are some options, which the Governor=01,s office is consideri= ng. =20 IEP is doing some preliminary research on some of these topics.  IEP would= =20 like to arrange a teleconference call around noon on Monday, November 27th = to=20 discuss the Governor=01,s meeting.  Please advise us as to whether your hav= e=20 been invited, and who you are sending. California=01,s electricity supply situation has two inter-related problems= =01)=20 (1) high wholesale electricity costs, and (2) marginally adequate supply of= =20 generation =01) both have combined to create a dysfunctional wholesale=20 electricity market.  The goals should be: To assure reliable electricity to California consumers for the lowest=20 reasonable cost. o Consider requiring that all in-state generation be sold in state. o Consider re-asserting state authority over the operation, maintenance and= =20 safety practices of all in-state generating facilities=01, for public healt= h and=20 safety purposes. o Consider developing a state power authority to build generation and=20 own/operate transmission. o Consider requiring utilities both to retain existing and to build new=20 generation. o Consider providing utilities with authority to stabilize retail prices to= =20 be paid by consumers through development of an energy portfolio that reduce= s=20 exposure to spot markets, including contracting forward for much more of=20 their unmet power needs. o Consider extending consumer rate freeze. o Consider centralizing power plant dispatch like the other ISOs in the res= t=20 of the country. o Consider eliminating the ISO and assigning its functions to either a stat= e=20 or private entity that can acquire the transmission facilities, and control= =20 the electricity transmission grid (MUNIs have proposed this). o Consider sponsoring/supporting legislation to change the ISO and PX board= s=20 to increase accountability. o Expand energy conservation programs focused both on immediate peak demand= =20 reduction and on longer term, broader-based programs. o Aggressively work to site new generation and transmission facilities, to= =20 streamline permitting, and to develop renewable resources. o Call for/sponsor federal FERC reform legislation that would: o Impose a regional price cap that varies by time of day and year; o Set requirements for FERC to use its retroactive refund authority; o Improve FERC enforcement over price gouging practices; o Affirm the role of states to protect their customers from unjust prices. o Pressure the FERC to do its job to (1) bring about responsible seller=20 behavior in wholesale electric markets through price controls and other=20 market interventions as necessary, and (2) provide refunds to affected=20 consumers. 
 thank you.    Susan J Mara 11/22/2000 04:22 PM 
 Hey: Just wanted to let you know that I've received all the SDG&E stuff and that you can count on me to completely drop the ball.  Kidding!  I'll take care of it.  I'm still awash in reviews and may not ever leave the building, which is why I'm not responding as promptly as I should.  Best, Jeff 
 Jim:  Have a great Thanksgiving with your family.  It's a great pleasure doing business with you.  Best, Jeff 
 Well, this shows the direction in which the "new" Commission is heading.  The very good news, though, is that  TW's proposal was included in both settlements (now that's hedging!).  Thus,  the benefits to TW were preserved under both proposals.  Congratulations.  That's fantastic--hard work that paid off.  We will of course express out extreme dissappointment with the PD, and point out that this decision condemns California to a 20th century infrastructure, when the state's 21st century economy demands much, much better.  We should discuss.  Since the PD empowers the likes of Norm and Florio, it will be important to play very close attention to implementation of Hector.  Sorry to have to be the one to deliver the news.   But we have a knack of making lemonade out of lemons and we'll do out best to do the same here, whatever turns up at the end.  Best, Jeff 
 I'll be in D.C. Can't wait to see you.  Best, Jeff 
 monday--LA w/S. Kean re: meeting w/Gov's staff tuesday--in office wed--leave for houston thurs/fri--houston re: EBS meetings    Joseph Alamo 11/22/2000 05:45 PM 
 are you offering a finder's fee?  i'm cheap.    Jacqueline Kelly <JKelly@FairIsaac.com> 11/22/2000 03:00 PM 
 Thanks, all.  I'll get a compiled answer out later today. 
 Aleck:  I'll take a look at it.  If I have any comments, I'll forward them along. Also, I may forward along some very slight changes to the numbers on the ISO's RFP "experience," should you decide you want to incorporate those "lessons" into your presentation. I'll provide any amendments to those numbers by tomorrow.  Best, Jeff 
 OK folks, here it is.  Sorry for the delay, but those pesky questions ended up being more detailed than I anticipated.  Please take a quick look and let me know if there are any comments---more ambiguities than usual in this one. I'll await comments and finalize this evening.  Jimmie/Dylan--my apologies, but last Wednesday evening, I found out that I have to be in LA for a meeting tomorrow.  If I make it to class at all tomorrow, I won't get there until after the break.  Could one of you print out the case and bring it to class?  If not, don' t sweat it, I'll email him an electronic and turn in a hard copy to him on Tuesday. Sorry for any hassle.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  I'll soften the expropriation language.  I don't think they can disclose the $1 million on the product liability case, since the entire package appears to be one  negotation, all the pieces of which likely have to be agreed to, or no settlement.  But you're point's well taken and I'll try to acount for it in the answer.  Finally, I can't see disclosing the fact that I'm infringing on someone's patent in my annual report.  Seems like I'd have a hard time defending myself in court if they sued me, if I'd admitted it to it in my annual report.  If I don't see you tomorrow, have a good week.    Christine Piesco <christine.piesco@oracle.com> 11/26/2000 05:10 PM 
 see you at the freight.  best, jeff 
 Greetings Professor:  I'm in charge of managing our collective responses to this week's case and have been called out of town on business at the last minute.   As a result, if I make it to class at all tomorrow, I unfortunately won't make it until after the break.  While I think one of my teammates will bring a hard copy to class tomorrow, I wanted to plan for any mix-ups (contingencies?) by emailing a copy as well.  Best, Jeff 
 Folks:  Here's the final.   I incorporated some comments from Christine and emailed a copy to Aceves.  Jimmie/Dylan let me know if one of you can bring a hard copy to class tomorrow.  If not, he's now got an electronic copy, and I'll drop off a hard copy on Tuesday.  Hope to see you (for at least half the class) tomorrow.  Best, Jeff 
 You're the man.  I got some comments from Christine (sort of).  See most recent email.  I emailed it to Aceves, but if more changes come in, I don't see any problem telling him to disregard the email and use the hard copy you turn in tomorrow.  Thanks a million.  Greatly appreciated.  I owe you one. This one was really a hot potato.  First Kim, then me, now you.  Best, Jeff 
 Can get that number.  You want it pre "Blue Book" or pre AB 1890, or both. 
 $1 million.  p.s. the plant i was talking about is:  "hairy vetch"  or "purple vetch." i'll look for some.  you should, too.  if you find any, make sure it's "organic" and hasn't had any chemicals added to the seeds.  thanks again for a fantastic time over Thanksgiving.  I had a lot of fun. 
 Ferget it.    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 11/27/2000 04:20 PM 
 Folks.  Let me throw out a proposal.  I believe that we should immediately draft a very brief letter or press release that explains why the PD is misguided and will lead to very bad energy policy for the state, and why our settlement is the right one and why it's good energy policy for the state. The letter should be signed by everyone who signed the settlement.  It needs to be released by the end of this week.  Absent this kind of action, nothing's going to turn this thing around.  Spending time and money writing "comments" will be a waste of time and money.  We'll need to do a lot more, but I think we have to start this way or fold up our tents now.  Thoughts?  Best, Jeff    Colin.Cushnie@sce.com 11/27/2000 08:54 PM 
 Greetings Linda:  Let me open by saying welcome, and by apologizing for the fact that California has probably made your first days on the job a bit crazy.  Just wanted to pass along some info.  I'm sure you've seen Senator Feinstein's comments to FERC.  And I think you're aware that she held a meeting in California with a group of stakeholders (including Davis staff) on the day before FERC's recent workshop at which Steve testified.  She stated at the meeting that she is thinking seriously about sponsoring legislation to place a price cap on the entire WSCC market.  Economists in the room expressed their strong misgivings about caps, but Feinstein seemed fairly focused on at least sponsoring some sort of legislation.  Not sure where it will go, but wanted to pass it along.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm not buying and goddam banjo.  I can't stand the noise those freakin' things make.  ferget it.   we kid!  I think that's it's a swell idea.  you can totally count me in on pitching in.  (i'm declaring bankruptcy after this birthday.)  let's talk more tonite about the big day.  I have class, but should be over there by 10:30 or so.  Best, jeff    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 11/28/2000 12:55 PM 
 My apologies, Linda.  Sometimes it pays to see what name pops up from the Enron address book before hitting the send button.  And thanks, Rick.  I'll note the two r's in Rrobertson.  Best, Jeff    Richard Shapiro 11/28/2000 01:03 PM 
 Hey.  Whoa.  I already got Cameron a garlic press.  And I got her mom a spatula, so don't go trying to preempt that gift, too.    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 11/28/2000 01:07 PM 
 The black boots are mine.    "Rory Sellers" <rory@carmelnet.com> 11/28/2000 01:32 AM Please respond to "Rory Sellers" 
 FYI. 
 If there is going to be a play come the first of the year to meld California's PX and ISO, Skilling may want to consider pre-empting that agenda (and most of this is not new; already included in previous messaging points we've developed internally):  It's the gas industry, stupid---for profit transcos is the answer. California's big mistake was replacing one monopoly--the utility---with another--the PX.  PX's are not necessarily bad things.  But PXs with a monopoly is a very bad thing. Forcing the IOUS to buy everything from the PX was irresponsible. "Put everyone on a variable rate mortgage" story. Decision makers openly admitted that they put in place a strucuture designed NOT to encourage retail choice and competition. Decision makers actively urged families and businesses NOT to switch to providers offering an "insurance policy" (i.e., fixed price deals) against the volatile and risky power exchange price. When you combine the supply shortage, the PX monopoly, the nonexistant retail market and decision makers' attempts to discourage choice, you get a debacle--that's what California set itself up for, and that's what it got. Putting the PX inside the ISO will only infect the wound that's already been inflicted. The real answer is....(we've developed these points already).   This is quick and dirty and can be made much more punchy and articulate, but wanted to get the notion out there given our time constraints.  Best, Jeff 
 not sure, but i assume that the bluegrass songbook is mine.  is it for guitar? 
 I'll need to ponder.  I'll try to get back to you pronto. 
 FYI.  We have this report? 
 Hi David:  Thought that you might be interested.  Best, Jeff 
 Well, he launched today.  Have you seen the materials from the press conference that he launched today?  I think this is actually a good thing--makes our proposal look like a much more preferable alternative by comparison, makes our support in the process more important, and sets Harvey up as the Ralph Nader equivalent in the election to fix California's broken system---a potential spoiler. 
 Hi.  Well, wouldn't you know it.  I'm not driving tonite, but I bet that we could hitch a ride back with Anil.  I'm not sure, but I think that he's got class tonite, too.  I'll search him out before class or after that break and see if I can set it up.    Carolyn Vavrek <cvavrek@deloitte.com> 11/28/2000 02:41 PM 
 Oh come on.  I heard that you're a ghost writer for Harvey's proposal!  Kidding.  Seriously, it's been great discussing these issues on panels with you lately.  I have a picture of the two of us from the Berkeley conference I'll pass along to you.  I really think there's a way out of all this without dropping a nuclear bomb on all of the hard work folks have done thus far to restructure the industry.  Look forward to working on it.  Best, Jeff  P.S. Don't have TOO much fun dangling the initiative in front of the likes of Peace and the IOUs.     Mike Florio <mflorio@turn.org> 11/28/2000 05:53 PM 
 Hi Aleck:  How did your talk go?  I hope well.  If you're refering to the PX study on whether to have an "as-bid" or "single-price" auction, the PX is in the preliminary stages of having a report prepared.  What they've done is assemble a "Blue Ribbon" panel of economists (as reported in the press accounts you've seen) to examine the issue and report back.  I'm not aware of a report having yet been completed by the panel and submitted to the PX. Have you heard differently?  I'll poke around.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, Delaney.  See you on Friday.  Quick comment:  Though just about everything's uncertain these days, folks seem to think that Legislators are likely to get very active just as soon as they arrive in Sacramento (next week?).  Seems that a key--if not dominant--part of the agenda ought to be how this group can (quickly) come to agreement on a comprehensive solution that it can offer to the Legislature and the Governor as a pragmatic and positive way out.  Sure you folks are very focused on this, but it struck me that the agenda looks pretty ambitious for a 3-hour meeting.  In any case, just a thought that I wanted to share.  Thanks and can't thank you enough for all your efforts.  Best, Jeff 
 Here is CLECA's (Barbara Barkovich's) current thinking.  - CLECA proposal.doc 
 Here are some more prices.  Many thanks to Roger Yang. 
 left a message.  sense is likely won't release till post-press conference. will keep trying.  jeff 
 Hmmmm, I think you're right.  Looks like the more we can get done tonite, the better.  Perhaps, if we can wrap the analysis up this evening, we can do some serious divvying up of assigments at the end of the meeting.  Then folks can go off and complete the assignments between now and Sunday, which should make Sunday's activities pretty light.  That make any sense?  Best, Jeff    Jacqueline Kelly <JKelly@FairIsaac.com> 11/29/2000 12:47 PM 
 California Large Energy Consumers Association 
 Shoot, I'll be in Houston... 
 yes, i found that out yesterday, too. 
 I suggest a quick conference call to discuss.  How's tomorrow (Thursday) at 2 pm work for folks?  Let me know and I'll set up a call-in number. 
 Can you get this kind person the info?  Thanks very much.    "ADAM KRISTENSEN" <adamk@sheltercorp.com> 11/29/2000 03:32 PM 
 what's your guys' view on this? 
 Mike:  I'll be covering all of this stuff for myself, so unless we agree in advance to you spending your time, I won't be expecting any bills.  If Paul's covering your time for the call, I think it would be great for you to participate.  The reaction's been pretty good thus far.  Best, Jeff 
 Could you please set up a call for tomorrow at 2pm for one hour and forward the info to the distribution list below?  Thanks. 
 Got 'em. Thanks. 
 Joe:  You can expect a call from Joe Kaischkill about setting up a meeting in Sao Paolo to discuss your proposal.  Let me know if there's anything else that I can do to help.  All the best, Jeff    mail@joesdesk.com 06/04/2001 03:30 PM 
 Letter looks great.  Best, Jeff 
 Here's Ackerman's weekly rant and his email address.  He'll put you on the distribution, and you can contact him about info on the KW memorial award.  Best, Jeff 
 Here's the proposal that we talked about yesterday that I'll distribute at tonite's meeting.  If you have any comments, just give a holler.  Hope things are getting back to normal in Houston.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  Merge away.  Best, Jeff 
 Can I get a copy of the full document?  Is it ready yet?  Thanks a million.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm traveling, but can call you in about 1 hour ( 10 AM CDT).  Best, Jeff    Kevin Keeney@EES 06/15/2001 08:25 AM 
 Thanks, Zenee.  I will participate by phone.  Best, Jeff 
 In particular, would be nice to know how much of the "wealth transfer" went to the likes of LADWP, other CA munis, Calpine, and the federal government (e.g., BPA, Salt River).  Finally, how much did the utilities profit from the high prices (i.e., from selling their excess gen into the PX)?  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 06/14/2001 09:50 AM 
 Steve: Please review and edit as needed.  I'm on my way to airport to return to SF. If you need me, please page.  Best, Jeff 
 I can poke around---most of the associations in that group are in the negotiations I'm stuck in.  I'll let you know what I hear.  Best, Jeff    Karen Denne 06/15/2001 09:49 AM 
 Joe, meet Joe.  My apologies.  I've had trouble getting contact information for Joe (Kaishkill).  Joe  K. could you confirm that you've received this note.  Also, I left you Joe A.'s phone contact numbers on your Houston voicemail last week.  Joe A. could you please send Joe K. your contact numbers again?  Thanks very much.  If there's anything else either of you need, please don't hesitate to let me know.  All the best, Jeff    mail@joesdesk.com 06/18/2001 09:20 AM 
 the pleasure was all ours.  prentice and i may be staying at your place tonite--if that's ok.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 06/18/2001 10:33 AM 
 I'm very interested and will try to commit soon.  Best, Jeff    "Amy Gustafson Finch" <afinch@iasco.com> 06/18/2001 10:55 AM Please respond to afinch 
 Let's discuss further, but I believe that the tariff would be a "generic" one for network service, with the price, terms and conditions dependent upon the size and other attributes of the customer.  Not aware of any negotiated rates available from the US/Mex border to the burner tip in S.D.  Best, Jeff    Kurt Lindahl/ENRON@enronXgate 06/18/2001 04:31 PM 
 go ahead.  I've told her that I can't make it. 
 Sorry.  Delete previous emails.  This is the final version.  Best, Jeff 
 we'll likely go to the gym (in Napa) and be back at your place around 7. That in time for dinner?    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 06/18/2001 05:53 PM 
 I'm assuming that we're not moving to fill the Sacramento position.  If this is correct, let me know and I'll get back to Costigan (who's the Assembly Republican leader's (i.e., David Cox's) Chief of Staff.  Best, Jeff 
 Unless the Commission specifically asked parties to describe how active they intend to be, I don't see any problem with simply stating that we will be a party to the case.  Best, Jeff 
 Best stick with 10:30 then.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Nice.  I like it.  Gosh you guys are good.  Luntz stuff is on its way. 
 email works just fine for the PUC, but it would be good if they followed up with a phone call (no big deal if they don't, but would be helpful).  Best, Jeff 
 Not a problem.  Best, Jeff    Glen Hass/ENRON@enronXgate 06/19/2001 07:54 AM 
 PLEASE KEEP THIS NOTE, AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE NOTE CONFIDENTIAL.  As folks are aware, we have been engaged in closed-door negotiations for the past two weeks regarding a possible market-based solution to California's electricity crisis. In the room are the major large customer groups, environmentalists, small customers (TURN), Independent Energy Producers, labor, the Western States Petroleum Association, and Enron. The negotiations were convened by the Speaker of the Assembly (Bob Hertzberg). When Hertzberg convened the meeting, he told the parties that he wanted to achieve a core/noncore structure, similar to the structure in place in California's gas market (i.e., large customers are required to buy gas from the market, with Direct Access available to all other customers). In effect, "core" customers (rez and small business) would be served by the utilities' retained generating assets and QF contracts; and large customers would go to market. The core/noncore structure would begin 1.1.03. The negotiating group has struggled over the past two weeks, but is close devising a framework for core/noncore in Californis (but who pays for the utilities' past debts and the costs of DWR power purchased between January and today remain very contentious). Unfortunately, with the release of the information regarding the DWR contracts last Friday, it is now clear that achieving a core/noncore structure will be very difficult unless something is done to mitigate the contracts. The problem is that, if core is served by utility gen and QFs, and large customers are in the market, there is no (or very little) need for the DWR contracts.  Instead, they look like a signficant stranded cost. Hertzberg and the negotiating group are looking to Enron for creative ways to address "the DWR contract problem" in order to prevent the contracts from 1) killing the core/noncore deal and 2) forcing California to accept a structure focused on a state power authority headed-up by David Freeman that does not include Direct Access. Christian Yoder and Steve Hall are reviewing the contracts to analyze any "out clauses" that the buyer and/or the seller might have under the contract provisions.  (My cursory review of the contracts suggests that "outs" for the state are minimal or nonexistent.) In addition, we've started batting around ideas about how the State might reform the contracts. All this said, want to let everyone know that we have made it extremely clear that Enron fundamentally opposes any and all attempts to unilaterally abrogate anyone's contract rights.  We'd like to have a quick call tomorrow (30-60 minutes) to brainstorm some options that we can offer Hertzberg to handle the contracts and keep the core/noncore solution alive.  We'd like to try to have the the call at 1 PM PDT.  Please let me know if this works for you, and if it doesn't, please let me know if there's a time after 1 PM PDT that works for you.  Thanks, Jeff 
 Glad to hear that there's a meeting set up.  My apologies again.  I'm very wrapped up in trying to help solve California's electricity crisis.  Don't hesitate if there's anything else that I can help out with.  Best, Jeff    mail@joesdesk.com 06/19/2001 06:18 PM 
 Glad to hear it.  Let me know, once you've met, if there's any there there.  Best, Jeff    Joe Kishkill 06/19/2001 06:36 PM 
 Coulda sworn I mentioned DB when we had dinner with your guy at Bizou.  Let's talk more to discuss the latest developments.  Glad to hear that it's still moving along. I'm in town tonite.  You MUST keep this strictly confidential----I've know Colleen for years. She's a sweet dear friend of mine.  But she's driving me fucking crazy.  I am very happy that you two are buddies and having fun together and that she's being such a big help with your wedding.  But it's going to be best for you and me and Colleen and Scott and Tony Blair and Oprah Winfrey and Sammy Soza, and everyone else, if my contact with the wonderful Ms Silva is minimized in the immediate future.  Don't worry about it.  No big deal. Just want and need you to know.  And please keep it very confidential.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 06/19/2001 06:48 PM 
 Anyone in the market for a $400 hammer?  Alan:  I'd like to use the info ( i.e., "we think the contracts are $XX billion out of the money") in the context of the negotiations that I'm in and I'd also like to tell Hertzberg---it will provide a powerful and compelling case to do something about the contracts in order to 1) save the State's rear end and 2) ensure that the core/noncore structure remains alive. I wouldn't hand out any paper showing any analysis.  How long would it take to refine?  Best, Jeff    Alan Comnes/ENRON@enronXgate 06/19/2001 07:01 PM 
 Recall that at 4:05 PM on Wednesday, June 27th, we are scheduled to see the Giants clobber the bums. 
 Please don't use this yet.  Refinements are underway by Alan Comnes, but wanted to give you a flavor for how underwater the DWR contracts are (if marked to market today).  Jim's got it , too.  Based on recent curves, $21B of the DWR contracts are stranded.  Will give you the update once it's done (likely tomorrow).  Best, Jeff 
 Let's do it. I'll do my darnedest to make it.  Best, Jeff 
 Dave and Sue Mara.  Ask Joseph to reserve the "large" conference room. Thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff 
 Barely.  Missed you lots in Colorado.  You better?  Best, Jeff    Susan Scott/ENRON@enronXgate 06/20/2001 01:10 PM 
 Problem is that core has enough through utility retained gen and QF contracts and "noncore" is going to market, so they don't need any of it, which means it's both above market and not needed.    Phillip K Allen/ENRON@enronXgate 06/20/2001 10:09 AM 
 Greetings:  This item will be up for discussion in the California negotiations tomorrow beginning at 10 AM.  We're going to have a call to discuss it tomorrow from 9 AM to 9:30 AM PDT. You will receive a  call-in number shortly from Joseph Alamo.  If there are others who you think ought to participate, please feel free to invite them. Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Jay: I'm comfortable with our participation.  Best, Jeff    Jay Ferry@EES 06/20/2001 03:43 PM 
 FYI.  Hertzberg and Keeley were in the negotiations this morning.  We gave him an earful about this coming down the pike, and the fact that the contracts (which are too expensive and which no one wants) are driving everything and unless something gives, we can pack it up, go home and turn the keys over the Freeman and his bozos at DWR.  The Sacramento types are mobilized on the issue and Hertzberg said that he's going to meet with the Governor and call Loretta.  We meet again tomorrow at 10 to discuss the need to get rid of the contracts and to keep DA alive. I'll report back with any pertinent info.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 Does not include gas-fired cogens.  Agreement requires PUC approval.  I believe that it's an all-in price, but I'll check.  Best, Jeff    Greg Wolfe/ENRON@enronXgate 06/21/2001 09:28 AM 
 Please forward to whomever else needs it.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 I'd vote to hold off.    Jennifer Thome 06/21/2001 04:47 PM 
 how many MWs are we re-DASRing?  jeff 
 Thank you.    Jennifer Thome 06/21/2001 05:12 PM 
 Greetings Richard: When you get a moment, please give me a call.  Best, Jeff  415.782.7822 
 Looks good.  I talked to Fossum before they wrote them.  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 06/19/2001 07:53 AM 
 I talked to Richard today and let him know we're not filling the position right away.  And we had a very good conversation about the negotiations underway and how we can help each other out.  Best, Jeff    Paul Kaufman/ENRON@enronXgate 06/21/2001 06:10 PM 
 FYI.  Hit the wires almost immediately.  He handled it with great aplomb and delivered a very good speech.   He had the crowd (but for the pie throwin' types) squarely on his side.  Best, Jeff   Enron CEO gets pie in the face from a protester   ? 06/21/2001 Associated Press Newswires    Copyright 2001. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. ?  ? SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - A Texas energy executive got more than boos and jeers before starting a speech on California's energy crisis, he got a pie in the face. Jeffrey Skilling, chief executive of Houston-based Enron Corp., was nailed with a pie by a protester at the beginning of his speech at the Commonwealth Club of California. ?   Enron has come under fire after accusations from Gov. Gray Davis and state officials that it and other energy companies forced electricity prices skyward by holding back supply. Enron has denied such claims, and joined other power producers in arguing that the state and utilities owes them billions in unpaid bills. Davis acknowledged that Pacific Gas & Electric Co., which has declared bankruptcy, and Southern California Edison together still owe generators such as Enron, Duke Energy, Mirant and Reliant Energy about $2.5 billion for past electricity sales. State officials countered that wholesalers charged as much as $9 billion in illegal overcharges dating back to May 2000. The feuding groups are to meet in a single room next week under a federal order to try and work out agreements that could determine how billions of dollars will be divided. 
 I'll be off on Friday, but will be checking in for messages and will be equipped with pager.  Best, Jeff 
 Note PUC decisions that DWR (i.e., the bonds folks) say must occur.  Best, Jeff 
 Davis trying to spin out of energy crisis Energy advisers have ruthless reputation Ken Garcia Saturday, June 23, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/06/23/M NN116485.DTL No matter how much you try to spin the facts, the truth usually topples out. This will explain why Gray Davis is suffering from a reality blackout, because no one spins harder or faster than our opaque leader, who, quite equitably, is suffering his own power crisis. Why Do You Think They Call Him Gray has an unrelenting black-and-white problem. How can he explain away his indecision in grappling with the energy crisis sooner, his inability to hammer out a deal with the utilities and power suppliers before they had the state handcuffed and his frantic response to spend $40 million in public funds to purchase future electricity without offering consumers the details of the pact? The truth is, he cannot, although he has tried mightily. And to that end he made one of his biggest mistakes yet -- no small feat when you consider he is at the center of one of the sharpest economic tailspins in California's history. Rather than tackle the issues head-on, Davis did what he has always done: use consultants and polling data to try and navigate the minefield of public opinion to put himself in the best possible light and blame others for his problems. It's a game Bill Clinton perfected but at which the governor is a mere weekend hobbyist. Davis' decision to hire two former Clinton-Gore spin doctors to explain away his role in the energy crisis has been as predictable as this summer's threat of rolling blackouts. If only, in this case, he could have kept his critics in the dark. While the state's taxpayers were hit with record electricity bills, Davis was pointing his finger at every official in the federal government who might conceivably have played a role in the crisis and especially those power suppliers in the Lone Star state who have been soaking California ratepayers dry. It is obviously true that the Bush administration has been reluctant to help the nation's most populous state because it voted for Al Gore in November. And time will probably show that the power companies in Texas and beyond were being Snopes-like in their dealings with the Golden State. But there is no getting around the fact that Davis severely exacerbated California's energy plight through his own inaction -- as evidenced by our sweltering soul mates in San Diego who were experiencing blackouts and spiraling electricity costs early last summer. Yet why suffer the facts when it's so much easier to just scramble them? When the energy crisis hit its peak this spring and Davis' popularity ratings began short-circuiting, he brought in Chris Lehane and Mark Fabiani, who had been as ubiquitous in the scandal-ridden Clinton administration as the stain on a certain intern's dress. The pair became so adept at parrying the thrusts of truth directed by the press each day that they earned the label "masters of disaster" -- which may be why Davis thought of them when he considered the calamity beginning to envelop him. If only he had considered the accompanying stink. Lehane and Fabiani are considered by the political cognoscenti as nothing less than ruthless, partisan hired guns, happy to attack anyone standing between them and a monthly paycheck. Unfortunately for Davis, the rhetorical hit men's salaries are being paid by California taxpayers, who are none too happy that they will be socked with billions of dollars in extra energy charges as a result of Davis' lack of leadership. So although Lehane and Fabiani's $30,000 monthly consulting fees may look paltry to a governor who has contributed to California's lost billions, it looks quite a bit different to those little people in the bleacher seats, sometimes known as California's 30 million-plus residents. The hiring of the disaster duo has led to a lawsuit by an anti-tax group from Sacramento that alleges Lehane and Fabiani are violating the state Political Reform Act because the gunslingers have also worked for Southern California Edison as consultants -- a generally accepted no-no for public officials, even those who worked in Washington. And State Controller Kathleen Connell, a fellow Democrat, has rightfully refused to pay state funds for the Clinton-Gore castoffs, because she said it is inconceivable that the two men are working on state policy -- not politics - - as required by law. Until obfuscation and misdirection become part of the official state code of ethics, it's fair to say Connell is on pretty firm ground. Or as one member of a tax protest group put it: "We are adding insult to injury to have the governor who feels the pressure of this crisis to spend this kind of dough for damage control." Damage control is not supposed to incite more damage, but right now Davis is a metal helmet in an electrical storm. His arrogant treatment of state voters, his refusal to shoulder responsibility and his efforts to spin his way out of trouble has left even die-hard Democrats searching for a more palatable replacement. That decision will come next year when Davis is up for re-election. And the millions of people who chose him because he seemed a safe but dull choice will now realize that there is little solace in gray areas. Since the governor is involved, it seems apt to call it a cautionary tale. But by the time the spin doctors are through, it may start to sound more like an urban legend. You can reach Ken Garcia at (415) 777-7152 or e-mail him at kgarcia@sfchronicle.com. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle   Page A - 13 
 If it's no cost to Enron, and if he's good and willing to commute to SF, and if it would be beneficial to the Company, we could certainly use the help and put him to work on interesting things.  But do we we want to infect someone with the lunacy of California regulation and then potentially infect the UK?  Seriously, we can make it work if folks think that it makes sense.  Best, Jeff 
 skilling talk to bryson?  jeff 
 don't have that one--they were closed when i arrived on thursday nite and they said that they'd mail it to me.  i'm sure that you can get i pronto if you just call them.  thanks a bunch.  Best, jeff 
 whatever prentice says. 
 Thanks, John.  Couple of things.  First, I was involved with the analysis in point number one (i.e., if California had bought at 5 cents.....), but would be happy to discuss with those who worked on it.  Second, we've just about go the numbers scrubbed for #2 (working with Comnes and Tribolet on that analysis). Key to the "back up" on point number two will be internal sign off on releasing information that uses our curves as the benchmark in the mark to market assessment.  I'm checking with Steve Kean on that and will get back to you ASAP.  Best, Jeff      John Shelk 06/26/2001 09:14 AM 
 Please forward to Bev.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 The story doesn't include the list of "overchargers."  Could you forward that part? Thanks.  Best, Jeff    Michael Tribolet/ENRON@enronXgate 06/26/2001 07:34 AM 
 I'm comfortable, so long as Rick and Paul are as well.  Best, Jeff    Paul Dawson/Enron@EUEnronXGate 06/26/2001 04:01 AM 
 Go ahead without the gas, unless you can get into my American Express account and find out what those numbers are.  Thanks a million.  Best, Jeff    Joseph Alamo 06/25/2001 07:10 PM 
 Power plant siting bill to follow if you'd like it. 
 Karen:  Be sure you get from Steve or Rick or Jim or Mark the final materials that Luntz and Co. produced.  What I've forward to you are the "works in progress" pieces from last summer---all  I have.They're in the "California Media Strategy" binder. 
 Let's discuss a bit.  When you get a chance, please page me at 888.916.7184.  Best, Jeff    John Shelk 06/26/2001 01:22 PM 
 Here's the full article, with the numbers attached.  Best, Jeff 
 Per our conversation, here's a copy of the curves that need updating.  If possible, could you get them to me by tomorrow afternoon?  Sorry for the rush.  Gotta talk on Thursday.  I want to superimpose on the curves the rates  that Loretta just put in place for 500 KW and above (for Edison and PG&E).  Can you do that if I get you the rates?  Thanks a million.  Best, Jeff 
 plz call when u have a minute.  thx, jeff  415.505.6633 
 thank u. 
 what's the total load number (i.e., kwh total) you're using to arrive at the numbers that we went over on the phone, and where are you getting that number?  thanks.  best, jeff 
 no.  call me.  415.505.6633.  jeff 
 What's football withdrawal? =20  Howzabout we invite the pool to the napa golf course (everyone pays their o= wn=20 way) and have a scramble, or something?  It would be a lot of fun and it=20 would give Scott and Cameron another thing to win and gloat over (that's=20 right Eldon, they're gloaters---shame on them). 
 plz keep confidential.  latest word---loretta will hold DA decision till monday to leave time for leg play. more to follow.  call if need details. jeff 
 will do. jeff 
 I'll see what i can do and get back to you.  Best, Jeff    "Seabron Adamson" <seabron.adamson@frontiereconomics.com> 06/27/2001 10:01 AM Please respond to seabron.adamson 
 Oddly, a much more positive (and satisfying) response than I'd imagined. Congratulations.  And thanks again for your efforts.  If I don't see you, Ms Kahl, bon voyage, bonnes vacances, and a bientot.  Best, Jeff 
 Just let me know when you want to have the call.  thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 hey babe.  thanks so much for all the running around on this.  but  i got a room at the hyatt for $20 cheaper.  i've cancelled the mariott res.  thanks again.  i'm leaving for monterey around 10 am.  you can reach me by cell and/or pager.  best, Jeff    Joseph Alamo 06/27/2001 02:17 PM 
 I've been having a "personal field day" with it in Sacramento.  Best, Jeff 
 i'm tingling with anticipation (not).  i'll share.  best, jeff 
 you are dead.    Susan J Mara 06/28/2001 01:02 PM 
 could you pick my ticket up for me? 
 As you are likely aware, like last time, Enron's name won't be on the letter.  Best, Jeff 
 It's about 90% certain that I'm out of the office on the 3rd.  Thank you, Sue, for helping out.  Best, Jeff    "Sabine Schnittger" <Sabine.Schnittger@frontiereconomics.com> 06/29/2001 09:43 AM Please respond to Sabine.Schnittger 
 I appreciate the efforts, but I have questions about whether Enron's presence does more harm than it does good.  I don't think that we want to give Wood and/or Brown a soap box to stand on by showing our face there.  Others may have a different view of it, but I think that it needs to be consumers, consumers, consumers.  Thoughts?  Best, Jeff    Scott Govenar <sgovenar@govadv.com> 06/28/2001 04:51 PM 
 FYI.  Can we get a copy?  Best, Jeff   Officials criticize energy report Posted at 8:06 p.m. PDT Thursday, June 28, 2001 BY CHRIS O'BRIEN  Mercury News   California's energy crisis is expected to increase unemployment, reduce production and aggravate an already weakening economy, according to researchers at the University of California-Los Angeles. The impact, however, will likely depend on how state officials choose to deal with the failed deregulation scheme. The authors of the report released Thursday come down heavily in favor of lifting price controls and dramatically increasing the price consumers pay as a way to reduce the economic fallout. ``California's economy is sufficiently large and dynamic that it will weather the current power crisis without being derailed,'' the report says. ``However, our analysis reveals that this impact can be moderated by an approach that does not shift today's problems to tomorrow.'' The study, ``Short Circuit: Will the California Energy Crisis Derail the State's Economy,'' came under fierce criticism from Gov. Gray Davis' office. Steven Maviglio, Davis' spokesman, said many of the assumptions used to produce the report are either outdated or flat wrong. ``It deserves its rightful place sitting on the shelf gathering dust,'' Maviglio said. ``Like any crystal-ball report, it's essentially irrelevant.'' Edward Lamer, a UCLA professor, and Christopher Thornberg, a visiting professor at UCLA, collaborated on the report with a team of researchers from the Cambridge Energy Research Associates. The study concludes that California's gross state product will be cut by anywhere from .7 percent to 1.5 percent in 2001 as a result of the energy crisis. In addition, energy problems will increase unemployment by .5 percent in 2001 and 1.1 percent in 2002. The report predicts consumers can expect 112 hours of rolling blackouts this year. However, the report argues that the impact could be dramatically reduced if the state would raise the price consumers pay for energy to match the wholesale costs. This could reduce blackouts to 12 hours, lower the debt and interest the state will have to pay for electricity and encourage investment in the state to increase energy supplies. But Peter Navarro, a management professor at the University of California-Irvine, was skeptical of the report's findings. He said it was almost impossible to build models complex enough to take into account all the factors that affect energy prices in the state. In addition, he said the report seems to assume that there is no manipulation of the current market, which Navarro argues could be distorting prices as well. ``How do you justify raising retail rates to 45 cents for power that costs a nickel to generate when there is some evidence that the market is flawed?'' Navarro said. ``This report seems to have an industry point of view and an industry agenda.'' 
 FYI.  Leg deal in CA running into trouble.  Davis/Freeman are problems.  Reps ain't playing nice.  Working on it. More later.  Best, Jeff 
 i  wish.  leaving to return to SF in a little bit.  should be back in town around 2 PM.  best, Jeff    Joseph Alamo 06/29/2001 12:04 PM 
 Let's discuss further.  I've been in close contact with Chris on this.  I'm not sure that we necessarily need a "presentation" on the issue.  Speaking only for California, policy makers and industry participants know a) that there's a problem and b) that the magnitude of the problem is significant, and there's not a heckuvalot of leg work that needs to be done on that front.  I would suggest that we continue to work on analysis internally, and spend some time discussing further the extent to which we need a presentation for external consumption.  As everyone's aware, this issue is a very complicated one and sensitive one for Enron and we need to be very careful w.r.t. how we approach it.  Thoughts?  Best, Jeff 
 Seems very likely that someone else notified DJ of this posting.  Might be useful for our traders to understand that scrutiny in the short run is going to be signficant.  Best, Jeff    Karen Denne 06/29/2001 05:03 PM 
 agreed. 
 zero    Joseph Alamo 06/29/2001 04:59 PM 
 My friend, Prentice Sellers,  will be picking my ticket up for me.    "Dean's Office" <researchdialogue@Haas.Berkeley.EDU> Sent by: owner-eveningmba@Haas.Berkeley.EDU 11/29/2000 06:22 PM Please respond to "Dean's Office" 
 apologies.  i don't know what those bills are....  Best, Jeff 
 Yep.  It's moving along.  The budget, and the R's desire to mess with Davis, are prolonging things a bit.  But all indications are that Loretta will hold DA until the 12th.  How'd the afternoon go?  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 07/02/2001 07:16 PM 
 FYI.  Not for dissemination outside this distribution.  Documents delivered to Hertzberg to follow.  Best, Jeff 
 Please keep this confidential and internal to the company.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Congratz.  Do we know for how long a decision will be delayed?  Best, Jeff    Susan J Mara 07/02/2001 04:29 PM 
 Thanks, Hedy. Barring any strange turn of events, we're likely to be OK with the language.  The budget--and the R's desire to mess with Davis--appear to be delaying things somewhat.  If tomorrow Loretta holds the DA decision till the 12th, that will buy some additional  (and necessary) time to work a deal.  Best, Jeff     Hedy Govenar <hgovenar@govadv.com> 07/02/2001 06:51 PM 
 Thanks, Sue.  FYI--this new schedule was discussed a lot last week, and apparently was a big part of the meeting that occured with Davis' people and Angelides last Thursday nite.  It was a move to buy time to try and get a comprehensive settlement in place in the legislature (i.e., core/noncore).  In addition to buying time to save Direct Access, it also gives Angelides more time to get the bonds lined up, which seems to be an increasingly challenging task---there's growing speculation that the issuance will be much more difficult than Angelides has thus far let on.  That said, I need to check around, but there is some chance that the plan/agreement is that the PUC decisions would go out well in advance of August (with effective date being August), which would then provide enough time to let the expedited "appeals process" under (SB37?) run its course in time for the issuance in Sept/Oct.  In short, we'll need to remain vigilant energized because there's a chance that the decisions to which Angelides refers in the memo could be up at the Commission sooner rather than later. This is what I was hearing last Friday, but perhaps things have changed and now there's more time.   I'll check and report back.  Finally, simultaneous with those actions, folks are supposed to be putting the core/noncore agreement into legislative language.  I'll report back as soon as I have more information on that.  Best, Jeff    Susan J Mara 07/03/2001 11:27 AM 
 FYI.  My understanding is that the decisions would actually go out prior to Aug. , with "effective date" in Aug., , thus providing time for the appeals process.  Do others have a similar or different view?  Do we intend to stay in touch, in view of the fact that there's been some "breathing room" provided by the PUC delaying its DA vote, and given the heavy lifting that is still needed to get the core/noncore agreement teed-up and through?  Happy 4th to all.  Best, Jeff 
 It's going to be extremely difficult for anyone who has consumed electricity to avoid paying for it.  It will be particularly difficult for Enron to exempt itself from costs incurred by the state on behalf of Enron's customers.  Prior to us pushing amendments on this bill, can we discuss on the 11:30 call today.  Harry and I have discussed this at length, and I just want to make sure that we don't blow up the whole enchilada by trying to get an amendment here.  Best, Jeff    Harry Kingerski 07/03/2001 09:28 AM 
 thanks, paul.  apologies, i dont' even remember seeing this.  leslie, can we discuss on thursday.  i  can update you on everything underway w.r.t. cal gas.  thursday work for you?  best, jeff    Paul Kaufman/ENRON@enronXgate 07/03/2001 10:22 AM 
 holy shit, are we going to the play tonite?  if so, i'm in big trouble, since i'm meeting with my mba group tonite.  holy shit.  otherwise, we'll be there.  let's talk. 
 Yes.    Leslie Lawner 07/05/2001 09:05 AM 
 plz call when you find a minute.  thx, jeff 415.782.7822. 
 8 AM. 10 AM. 3 PM.  Best, Jeff    Robin Deguara <robin@perfect.com> 06/29/2001 06:51 PM 
 FYI.  Push to get real-time pricing continues.  Best, Jeff 
 Unless someone has a different view, I think that we're all on the same page and ready to go.  In that regard, you should have received via fax of the language that Sher has put together.  I propose the following.  Please chime in with suggestions, alternatives, etc.  Everyone review the language quickly and provide comments. Simultaneously have Mike Day very quickly draft language (this morning) capturing the ideas we've discussed (to make it happen, I think we need to provide the specific language). I will write a note now to the group that's been negotiating the core/noncore deal, explaining what we think ought to be included and informing them we'll provide legislative language shortly . Assuming that most in the group buy-in to our proposal, we have Hedy/Bev/Scott work with their lobbyists to get it inserted in the language.  Thoughts?  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 07/03/2001 02:36 PM 
 chk fax machine for Sher's bond language.  See email, too.  jeff 
 thanks for everything.  really 'ppreciate it, 'migo.   and please thank karen, too.  also, would you tell her that prentice and i are willing and able (we think) to help out in any way we can in putting the fireplace stuff together----i.e., anything that doesn't require real skill, like sticking tiles on the board.  just let us know.  Best, Jeff   tah-mo 
 Thanks.  As you know, I'm in the negotiations.  It's the best chance there is to 1) get a real market and 2) keep Edison out of bankruptcy.  Whether California can execute on it is another story.  But we're trying damned hard to make it happen.  IEP should support it.  Anything that you can do with Jan would be useful and appreciated.  Best, Jeff    David Parquet@ECT 07/05/2001 12:12 PM 
 been called to a meeting with Hertzberg in Sac at 3:30 PM PDT.  Will report back with details.  best, jeff 
 think we've covered this one enough.  jeff 
 Isn't "hornswoggled and bamboozled" a Rogers & Hart song?    "Eldon Sellers" <eldon@interx.net> 11/29/2000 05:44 PM Please respond to eldon 
 Greetings:  Hope everyone had a pleasant 4th.  I've read the respective Burton and Hertzberg language on amending AB 1X. The Burton language looks cleaner and simpler, though there may be reasons to include some of the Hertzberg language, too.  I'm proposing to the group the following as potential amendments to the bond bill.  I would appreciate your feedback.  The amendments would be as follows:  Customers who were on Direct Access when DWR started buying power (Jan. 17th?), and are still on Direct Access when the bill passes, should be exempt from paying for the bonds.  In short, customers should not be forced to pay for power twice--once from their ESP, and once from DWR.  Since these customers receive power services from their ESP, they never consumed DWR power in the first place and it wouldn't be fair to require them to pay for it.  Customers who have been utility customers since DWR started buying power but subsequently switched to Direct Access should only pay for power provided by DWR that they actually consumed, no more and no less.  For example, if a customer was a utility customer when DWR started buying power but switched to Direct Access on May 1st, then the customer would only be responsible for reimbursing DWR for power deliveries that took place from Jan. 17th thru April 30th.  I believe that we agreed on these concepts during the negotiations that took place over the past 4-5 weeks.  Or if we didn't explicitly agree during the talks, they seem to be principles on which we ought to be able to agree pretty easily now. And rather than leave the issue hanging, which can create unnecessary and costly uncertainty for customers, I suggest that we include very clear and simple legislative language in the bond bill clarifying what customers' obligations are.  Your thoughts are appreciated.  In addition, we have talked quite a bit about providing customers with incentives in the attempt to get California out of the energy hole that it finds itself in.  Providing (20KW and above) customers with an incentive to switch to Direct Access as soon as possible could 1) reduce the net short position that the state (and ultimately consumers) have to finance, thereby reducing spot purchases and price volatility,  2) reduce electricity purchasing costs, and 3) reduce the burden on the state budget.  With this in mind, I'm also proposing that the group consider an amendment to the bond bill that would exempt from bond charges any customer that switches to Direct Access by September 1st.  Finally, it seems odd that the language directing the PUC to suspend Direct Access is still in the bill.  If a dedicated rate component is created, that seems to eliminate altogether the need to suspend Direct Access.  And if that's the case, would it make sense to delete that language from the bill?  Look forward to your comments and working with you to get support for and passage of the "core/noncore" proposal.  Best, Jeff 
 Please take a look and see if you think it does what we're after.  I'd like to share with folks as soon as possible to try to get something in the bill.  Best, Jeff 
 got it strapped on.  off to sacramento.  nice knowin' ya.  jeff 
 talked to Hertzberg.  pushed hard on him calling Wood/Brownell re: DWR contracts.  Don't know if he'll do it.  jeff 
 FYI.  Hertzberg said he talked to K. Lay yesterday.  Were you aware?  Jeff 
 i'd send to the big list.  i used to send what julie malinowski sent around. 
 Thanks for you comments.  I did this prior to the meeting w/Keeley yesterday.  I assume that, if this thing gets off the ground, we'll have the opportunity to get this thoughts into whatever it is that the legislature produces.  Best, Jeff    William Booth <wbooth@booth-law.COM> 07/05/2001 03:19 PM 
 FYI. 
 whew!  hey, you're dad's losing it.   whadya mean asleep?  if i'm asleep, wake me up ferchrissake.    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 11/29/2000 07:02 PM 
 you getting on call w/rob bradley?  jeff 
 you mean communicate the fact that mark views me as wholly expendable?  i'm hurt, mark.  best, jeff    Richard Shapiro 07/05/2001 03:32 PM 
 FYI.  From today's Post.  Davis seems to continue to put distance between himself and the contracts.  Best, Jeff ********************************************************************** Financial California Changes Stance on Refunds; Two Sides Far Apart In Energy Talks Peter Behr ? 07/06/2001 The Washington Post FINAL Page E01 Copyright 2001, The Washington Post Co. All Rights Reserved California officials have abruptly shifted tactics in their attempt to recover billions of dollars in alleged overcharges for electricity , saying they may reduce their demands for huge refunds if generators renegotiate $43 billion in long-term electricity contracts that the state signed this year. Gov. Gray Davis (D) said part of the $8.9 billion in refunds the state is seeking could be offset by reductions in energy prices in the long-term contracts, whose costs have become a growing political embarrassment for Davis. "We've made suggestions, we've offered various ways in which people could get us $8.9 billion," Davis told the San Jose Mercury News in a report yesterday. "You can renegotiate our existing contracts and save us money. However you want to do it, it's just got to net out close to $8.9 billion." The new offer was introduced this week into the closed negotiations over a California settlement being conducted in Washington by Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Judge Curtis L. Wagner Jr., according to sources close to the negotiations. Yesterday, Wagner said he may issue his own preliminary finding today on the amount of overcharges if California officials and the generators cannot reach a compromise. "What I'm trying to do is get people in a settlement mood," Wagner told reporters. "In the event we're unable to do that, [Friday] at some point I may offer a preliminary assessment." The settlement conference is set to conclude on Monday. Wagner, FERC's chief administrative judge, has been trying to push both sides toward a compromise that would resolve the huge energy pricing controversy. Mountainous energy prices have bankrupted California 's largest utility, drained billions of dollars out of the state treasury and put Davis at sword's point with generators that help keep the state's lights on. Last Friday, Wagner rebuked Davis's chief representative, Michael Kahn, chairman of California Independent Grid Operator -- the state's power grid manager -- indicating that the state's demand for nearly $9 billion in refunds from power generators and marketers was too high, sources said. Wagner's settlement conference, which has involved more than 100 lawyers for all sides, is closed to the public and media. Wagner complained last month that Kahn was following a political agenda, and his lack of independence in the negotiations was such a "joke" that the parties might as well wear "clown suits," according to a Dow Jones report confirmed by sources close to the talks. But he has also criticized the generators and power marketers, led by Reliant Energy Inc., Williams Energy Services, Duke Energy and Southern Co., for failing to make serious settlement offers, these sources said. The suppliers have offered to refund $600 million, provided the state is able to call off various California lawsuits demanding far larger refunds, sources said. Wagner's leverage is his ability to propose his own refund figure to FERC's commissioners. FERC has tentatively called for $124 million in refunds, but now is taking a harder line on preventing a new escalation of California 's electricity prices this summer and is likely to be receptive to a higher refund figure, some energy analysts believe. Davis's tactical change, offering to make the long-term contracts part of an overall settlement, comes amid growing criticism of what the state will have to pay for energy under those deals. California 's energy calamity stemmed in large part from its failed deregulation plan, which relied heavily on short-term power purchases at volatile "spot market" prices. When energy costs shot upward last summer, so did the state's electricity bills. In response, Davis's aide, S. David Freeman, and his staff began negotiating long-term power contacts with suppliers. The $43 billion in deals signed so far would require the state to pay about $70 per hour for a megawatt of power for a large part of the electricity it will need over the next 10 years. That's well under the average of $250 per megawatt-hour that the state was paying at the beginning of this year, but above current power prices -- and considerably higher than what electricity may cost in the next decade, energy analysts say. A new agreement to lower those contract prices could relieve political pressure on Davis and focus settlement negotiations away from the state's controversial demand for the $8.9 billion refund. Davis will argue that reducing future power charges that his administration negotiated should count as a "refund" because the deals were reached "under commercial duress," according to sources close to Wagner's negotiations. Industry supporters say Davis's refund figure is impossible to justify. "There's no benchmark for what a fair and reasonable price should be," said Michael Zenger, California director of Cambridge Energy Research Associates. The state's advocates counter that if FERC enforced a "just and reasonable" standard for power prices based on operating costs and a generous profit, the overcharges by all sellers could easily reach the $9 billion figure. "It's not rocket science, but it does require the regulators to regulate," said Frank Wolak, a Stanford University economist who heads an oversight committee for the California grid. Those polar-opposite views have left both sides in Wagner's conference room "billions of dollars apart," as the talks approached their final weekend, sources said. 
 May you be forced to spend eternity with David Lazarus....  P.S. I'm taking next week off.  I'll be in the Middle East for martyr training.  Best, Jeff    Mark Palmer 07/06/2001 12:15 PM 
 I apologize.  I thought I'd put you on my "big" distribution list.  When and if I do any updates to smaller groups.  I'll put you on those, too.  Look forward to meeting and discussing next time I'm in Houston.  Best, Jeff    Kristin Walsh/ENRON@enronXgate 07/06/2001 12:12 PM 
 Senate Majority Leader Eager to Push Energy, Environmental Issues James Kuhnhenn  ? 07/06/2001 KRTBN Knight-Ridder Tribune Business News: Knight Ridder's Washington Bureau    Copyright (C) 2001 KRTBN Knight Ridder Tribune Business News; Source: World Reporter (TM) ?  ? WASHINGTON--Eager to exploit public dissatisfaction with President Bush's approach to energy and the environment, Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle wants to place those issues next on the Democratic agenda, before other initiatives popular with Democrats. Daschle's aides and party strategists say the Senate's top Democrat wants to keep the White House on the defensive, draw attention to popular Democratic goals such as promoting conservation and alternate power sources, and inoculate his party against Republicans' charges that it has ignored the country's energy needs. Activists on both sides see potential for compromises that would lead to legislation Bush can sign.    "With summer, and gas prices, and air conditioning -- this is what you go with," said Democratic pollster Fred Yang. "It's an issue that people actually live every day. There are very few issues like that in politics." Democrats think the energy issue has become an albatross for the White House. Recent polls show that a majority of the public disapproves of the way Bush is handling energy and environmental issues. What's more, the House of Representatives voted to block the administration from drilling for oil and gas off Florida's gulf coast and in the Great Lakes. Both measures passed with support from 70 Republicans. "When the Republican-controlled House soundly rejects key components of the president's energy policy, it signals an opportunity to build a bipartisan consensus that begins in the center," said Daschle spokeswoman Anita Dunn. The decision to highlight energy policy came late last week after Daschle met privately with his chairmen of key committees. Democrats present also called for action on raising the minimum wage, hate-crimes legislation, a prescription-drug plan for seniors and other issues popular with their supporters. But concentrating on energy policy first gives Democrats an opportunity to seize what has been a Republican issue and turn it to their advantage, aides said. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney are dogged by their backgrounds as former Texas oilmen. From the moment Cheney argued for more oil and gas production to satisfy the energy needs of the United States, Democrats portrayed Bush and him as beholden to special interests. "The White House and Republicans are in the 35 percent end of public opinion on this," a top Democratic leadership aide, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said this week. "It's a loser every day for the Republicans." With that in mind, Daschle and Sen. Jeff Bingaman, the New Mexico Democrat who heads the Senate's energy and natural resources committee, plan to have a comprehensive energy bill ready by the end of July. It will be a full- scale alternative to the Bush-Cheney program unveiled in May. The first floor disputes on energy policy could occur as early as next week, when the Senate debates the spending bill for the Interior Department. Republicans and White House lobbyists will have their hands full fending off Democratic amendments to match the House bans on offshore drilling near Florida beaches and on national monument lands. The White House helped defuse some of the oil-exploration dispute earlier this week by scaling back its plans to drill in the Gulf of Mexico. But huge disagreements remain over drilling in Alaska's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, a centerpiece of Bush's energy plan. Some Democrats intend to offer an amendment to the Interior spending bill that would prohibit drilling in the refuge. Democrats also want to highlight energy conservation and lower emissions of pollutants that contribute to global warming. One proposal, which combines conservation and anti- pollution goals, would raise gas-mileage requirements for sport utility vehicles. The National Academy of Sciences is studying fuel economy standards and is expected to issue recommendations to Congress later this month. The energy debate also splits Senate Republicans, giving Daschle extra manpower to challenge Bush. Democrats can count on New England Republicans such as Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island and Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins, both of Maine, to back several Democratic initiatives. Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., who already has opposed Bush on the patients' bill of rights and campaign finance legislation, also has said he favors more conservation measures than the White House proposes. "He'll be very prominent in cobbling a centrist coalition on the issue," said Marshall Wittman, a senior fellow at the conservative Hudson Institute research center and a political adviser to McCain. "You can already see the outlines of that proposal -- encouragement of conservation, some exploration, but everything is environmentally friendly." The White House already has reacted to the criticism of its energy policies. Its budget proposal earlier this year cut research spending for renewable energy, but Bush restored some of the money later. He also has paid more attention to energy conservation, indicating support for spending on efficiency measures beyond what he sought in his budget. But the president is not backing away from his position that the United States needs to become less dependent on foreign oil. And that, White House officials say, requires more oil and gas exploration in the United States. The energy plan Bush sent to Congress last week would authorize drilling in the Alaskan wilderness refuge and would use money from the drilling leases to pay for research into alternative energy sources. In addition to public disapproval of his stands on the environment and energy, the president is losing the sense of urgency that initially accompanied his energy proposals. Rolling blackouts in California are on the wane, gasoline prices are falling and last week John Browne, the chief executive of BP oil, dismissed Bush's call for new oil refineries. That gives Democrats a chance to seize the issue and attack the president without competing pressure from the public for quick solutions. "It's a target of opportunity," said Burdett Loomis, a political scientist at the University of Kansas and an expert on the Senate. Like the patients' bill of rights, on which the public sided with Democrats, energy right now "is low-hanging fruit," he said. 
 You can send both, but I'd have folks keep it close to the vest.  Definitely want to make sure that none of our stuff ends up in the hands of the media.    Susan J Mara 07/06/2001 12:52 PM 
 Hertzberg (speaker of the CA Assembly) called a meeting yesterday afternoon of the group of market participants that have been negotiating the "core/noncore" proposal in California.  The purpose of the meeting was to brief us on their activities and their gameplan for trying to find a solution for California.  Here's a summary of the meeting.  Please keep confidential.  Work will be done over the weekend to put the core/noncore proposal in legislative language.  (We will be in the room.) Work done by the "Plan B" group in the Assembly (Joe Dutra and Joe Nation) will also be put into legislative language over the weekend. Because no proposal is "comprehensive," a complete legislative package will be created from the various pieces that have been worked on thus far (i.e., core/noncore, "Plan B," Edison MOU) In addition, there are Republican demands that Hertzberg will need to address (e.g., end the litigation) in order to achieve bi-partison support, which is what Hertzberg's shooting for. To move the legislation, the plan is to establish a "conference committee," comprised of an equal number of Democrats and Republicans. The committe would begin work on Monday and would attempt to finish putting a comprehensive bill together, vote it out of the Legislature and send it to the Governor for signing by Monday, July 16th. July 16th is the deadline because that is the date that the PUC will issue its proposed decision regarding, among other things, how DWR's revenue requirement will be put into rates, whether Direct Access needs to be suspended, etc. The PUC is issuing the draft on the 16th in order to give everyone 30 days to review and comment before the Commission votes on a final order on August 15th.  (The PUC will actually issue a "thought piece" on Monday the 9th and will use reactions to the "thought piece" to craft the develop the proposed decision it plans to issue on the 16th.) All of this is still up in the air, however.  As of right now, the leader of the Senate (Burton) has not agreed to Hertzberg's gameplan and the Republicans, while interested, have not yet committed to join the process. 
 Thanks very much Mike.  The sense of urgency for getting this in "the mix" is not as high as it was yesterday, though we'll still need to introduce it at some point very soon.  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff    MDay <MDay@GMSSR.com> 07/06/2001 01:12 PM 
 i'm available. 
    California Power-Buying Data Disclosed in Misdirected E-Mail By Daniel Taub Sacramento, California, July 6 (Bloomberg) -- California Governor Gray Davis's office released data on the state's purchases in the spot electricity market -- information Davis has been trying to keep secret -- through a misdirected e-mail. The e-mail, containing data on California's power purchases yesterday, was intended for members of the governor's staff, said Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio. It was accidentally sent to some reporters on the office's press list, he said. Davis is fighting disclosure of state power purchases, saying it would compromise negotiations for future contracts. This week, Davis appealed a state judge's order to release spot-market invoices, purchase orders and confirmation sheets for power contracts signed through June 27. The state is buying electricity on behalf of utilities, which are burdened by debt. ``It's an internal document,'' Maviglio said of the e-mail. ``We have a meeting every morning where we discuss issues of the day.'' The e-mail contained minutes of today's meeting, he said. According to the e-mail, the state bought 283,000 megawatt- hours of electricity for $37.4 million yesterday. One megawatt- hour is enough electricity to light 750 typical California homes for an hour. Prices ranged from $25 to $149.99 a megawatt-hour. Maviglio said the information in the e-mail is accurate. Power for next-day delivery during peak-use hours averaged $79.67 a megawatt-hour on the California-Oregon border yesterday, according to Bloomberg Energy Service. California paid an average of $132 on the spot market, according to the e-mail. Prices on the spot market tend to be higher than on the day-ahead market. The governor has proposed releasing data on spot-market purchases once a quarter, arguing that the state uses power-buying strategies tailored to each season. Lawyers for the media and Republican legislators say state law requires disclosure of contracts within seven days after they are signed. 
 gee, tough break.    Richard Shapiro 07/06/2001 01:22 PM 
 Will do.  Best, Jeff    David W Delainey@EES 07/06/2001 02:58 PM 
 can we talk about this?    Richard Shapiro 07/06/2001 03:52 PM 
 Sorry, but no. 
 USA: UPDATE 1-PG&E utility gives Calpine debt priority status.  07/06/2001 Reuters English News Service (C) Reuters Limited 2001.  (changes 1st paragraph, adds details, company statement) SAN JOSE, Calif., July 6 (Reuters) - Independent power generator Calpine Corp. said on Friday that its contracts with Pacific Gas and Electric Co. will be altered, ensuring that Calpine will continue to supply power to the bankrupt California utility and that it will get paid more than $250 million for power already sold. Calpine stocks rose more than 14 percent, or more than $5, to $43 after the announcement. As part of the contract modification, the $267 million, with interest, that the utility, a unit of PG&E Corp , owes Calpine in past due receivables under the contracts, will be elevated to "administrative priority status," a claim which is paid before any other general unsecured creditors. Calpine will get the money, in a lump sum, as soon as PG&E has a confirmed reorganization plan, which can take as long as four to six months from now, Calpine said. The move is also a step in the process of untangling California's energy crisis, which stemmed from a flawed deregulation plan that has hit the state with a series of rolling blackouts. Under the agreement, Calpine will continue to receive its contractual capacity payments, but it has also set up a fixed rate contract for the next five years of about 5.37 cents per kilowatt-hour. The contracts are known as qualifying facility contracts because Calpine's power plants are qualifying facilities. These types of facilities represent more than 20 percent of the state's power supply and sell power generated from renewable energy sources to the regulated utilities. "Calpine is the first power company to modify its QF contract with PG&E to ensure that Northern California consumers will continue to benefit from these affordable and reliable energy resources," Calpine senior vice president James Macias said in a statement. 
 The weekend of Dec 15, 16, 17.  Stinson Beach.  Glorious place on the beach. Professional blue grass band.  Catered food.  Fun people (even Tom, Karen, David, Starr and Nina).   For Prentice's 30th birthday.  And it will just suck if you're not there.  Huge hugs, very wet kisses. 
 See you on Sunday with language on Direct Access.  Best, Jeff    "Delaney Hunter" <dhunter@s-k-w.com> 07/06/2001 02:52 PM Please respond to dhunter 
 FYI.  The call took place today at 4:00 pm EDT, but is available for replay for 48 hours.  _____________________________________________________________________________ > > Today at 4 pm, California Governor Gray Davis will host a conference call > to report progress on energy issues and discuss FERC settlement talks. > > The call-in number is (800) 230-1059 and no code is necessary. > > The session will be recorded and available as a digitized replay for 48 > hours at 800-475-6701. Access code: 594640. > 
 Howdy: If Dorothy sent something, I haven't received it. Best, Jeff 
 Really appreciate it.  Thanks very much for the help.  I'll leave you a message should anything come up. Enjoy the Giants game.  Hope they do better tomorrow than they did today.  Best, Jeff 
 Here is a stab at draft legislative language for the core/noncore portion (i.e., section 1) of the agreeement.  See you later today.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Note discussion of Ed, Enron and the 21st Century Energy Project at end of article. Best, Jeff ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ Campaign funds will pay for spots Robert Salladay, Chronicle Sacramento Bureau Saturday, July 7, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle Sacramento -- Gov. Gray Davis will begin a series of radio ads next week defending his handling of the energy crisis -- further proof that political campaigning has become a permanent sport. Davis political adviser Garry South said the ads are designed to fill an "information void" among Californians about what the state has accomplished. But they are playing statewide just as millions of dollars of TV ads financed by Republicans and power companies are attacking Davis. "The campaign season has started early," said Rob Stutzman, a consultant with the state GOP, which has not been involved with the anti-Davis TV spots running since June 19. Davis' 60-second radio spot takes the form of an "energy update," where the governor informs listeners that "we" have licensed 16 new power plants, including three Davis opened this month, and that "conservation is the best way to fight back against high energy prices." Davis' ads convey the same information as a series of state-financed "Flex Your Power" ads run by the Department of Consumer Affairs, only those ads don't mention Davis. Davis' campaign fund, worth well above $25 million, is paying for the $150,000-per-week radio spots to avoid accusations he is using state money to finance his political ambitions. South dismissed the notion that the radio ads came in response to the TV ads that make Davis a target, saying the governor's poll numbers are actually going up. He said people laughed at the ads attacking the governor as ridiculous, particularly one showing Davis in Red Square. "One of the reasons we chose this ('energy update') tack," South said, "is that people simply are not in the mood to have some full-out firefight and some partisan battle about this problem. They are in a just-the-facts-ma'am mood." Stutzman said he didn't disagree with South about the ill-timed and partisan nature of the TV ads, which are financed out of Washington, D.C., but he said the governor is also launching a political firefight of his own. "These ads, even though the the first iteration of them sound like public service ads, very much are political ads," Stutzman said. "The reason they may be poor political ads is they use the governor's voice, and I don't think he has any credibility on this issue." Davis already has updated his 2002 campaign Web site, www.gray-davis.com, which includes an odd-looking caricature of the governor and a photo of Davis standing with actor Martin Sheen, who plays a president on the TV show "The West Wing." The Sheen photo dominates the home page. "What we're trying to do with the Web site is have a little fun with it," said South, who declined to say whether Davis would run against President Bush in 2004. Last month, a conservative group with links to Republicans and energy companies began running a series of ads blaming Davis for the energy crisis and saying the state was suffering from "Grayouts." Time magazine reported last month that hundreds of corporations had contributed to the ads attacking Davis, who has accused Texas firms such as Reliant Energy of "unconscionable price-gouging." Reliant, which donated $10,000 to Davis before the energy crisis, has contributed to the anti-Davis advertising effort, according to Time, and the American Taxpayers Alliance hopes to raise as much as $25 million to keep the ads running in California through July. Scott Reed, a former campaign manager for Bob Dole's failed 1996 presidential bid, formed the American Taxpayers Alliance in Washington to raise money for the 30-second ads. He has refused to name his donors, and did not return a call for comment yesterday. Even though the 2002 elections are more than a year away, Republicans are worried they are losing ground in Congress on Bush's energy policy, and Davis' popularity has slipped somewhat in the polls. But the ads mounted by both sides also are designed to change public policy. Davis recently hired former Clinton-Gore campaign and White House strategists Chris Lehane and Mark Fabiani, and Davis' public presence and political pull dramatically increased. Another conservative group, the 21st Century Energy Project, will begin running TV ads next week in Washington to promote expansion of the energy supply, more drilling and nuclear energy. The $500,000, two-week advertising purchase is being coordinated by Ed Gillespie, a former campaign strategist for Bush and a consultant for Houston's Enron Corp., the world's largest energy trader. Gillespie said yesterday his group wants to promote a "conservative, market- oriented message" about energy, to counteract environmental groups such as the Sierra Club. He said environmentalists aren't addressing the gap between supply and demand, except through strict conservation. "We're trying to shape the debate, because it's been pretty one-sided so far," Gillespie said. E-mail Robert Salladay at rsalladay@sfchronicle.com. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle   Page A - 6 
 Apologies folks, but upon re-reading, I caught some ambiguities and inaccuracies in the first draft that I sent around.  Sure that  errors remain, but this version should at least be somewhat closer.  Changes are in strike-out-underline.  Best, Jeff 
 Below is an update from the weekend's activities.  The group negotiating the core/noncore proposal met over the weekend to attempt to put the proposal into legislative language/format. The product produced thus far is generally sloppy and ill-drafted and the individual facilitating the group is working tonite to integrate the comments provided and discussions that took place today. He will  distribute a new draft by noon tomorrow (PDT). The plan as it currently stands is to deliver a product to Hertzberg by COB tomorrow (Monday). As expected, some in the group are attempting to "recontract" certain portions of the original deal, but those attempts are generally at the margin. The DWR contracts remain a key impediment to any deal. Senator Burton has still not definitively committed to a conference committee to produce a bill to deliver to Davis. In addition, the legislation to create a dedicated rate component to service the bonds to repay the state budget for power purchased by DWR (and de-link the bonds from the DWR contracts) may be on a slower track than folks thought initially. Will have more information tomorrow on where Burton and the bond legislation stand.  Best, Jeff 
 you have made me very happy. 
 Since it was only Friday since Delainey directed me to send info directly to him, I included him and the others on the last note in order to avoid looking like I was disobeying direct orders 48 hours after receiving them.  Hopefully we can work something out where you distribute as you deem fit.  Hope it's not creating undue headaches.  Best, Jeff 
 i'll be participating.  thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Last time I was in Houston, an IT tech deleted everything---I mean everything---so I need to hunt it down.  Will do so immediately and get you a copy. Best, Jeff 
 Yes.  Thanks very much Maureen and Ginger.  There is a subsequent power point presentation that I'm fairly confident I distributed (may have done so after I got back from New York, so you might also want to search Steve and Rick's in-boxes through the first two weeks of February).  Thanks again for the help.  Best, Jeff    Richard Shapiro 07/09/2001 01:46 PM 
 This looks like LA Times/Wall Street Journal material...... 
 Thanks.  I have minor, but substantive, edits to the direct access section that Dorothy did, which I believe more accurately capture the document that we previously delivered to Hertzberg and the discussions around that document.  My proposed edits will be distributed to everyone within the next 30-60 minutes.  Thanks to Delaney for all the work.  Best, Jeff 
 P.S.  Have discussed with Dorothy and will attempt to capture in my proposed edits our discussion.  Best, Jeff    Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 07/09/2001 03:48 PM 
 Legislative package only delays pain, critics warn By Craig D. Rose UNION-TRIBUNE STAFF WRITER September 1, 2000 Consumer and political leaders -- as well as Sempra Energy's chief executive -- said yesterday that the three electricity bills before Gov. Gray Davis do nothing to fix the fundamental cause of soaring bills. The cause, they say, is that power generators can continue to charge what most characterize as exorbitant prices for their electricity -- and consumers ultimately face the daunting task of paying them. No matter if all of the bills are signed, the leaders say California's power market will remain a seller's game that gouges overmatched consumers. And while San Diego Gas and Electric Co.'s hard-pressed customers may pay less now, they will pay back all or nearly all the savings -- plus interest -- beginning in 2003. "The governor's bill postpones the pain, but the pain is still there," said Maureen O'Connor, a former mayor of San Diego who has been active in seeking relief from the soaring bills afflicting SDG&E's 1.2 million electricity customers. The rate bill promoted by Davis and now awaiting his signature will have SDG&E's customers pay about 6.5 cents per kilowatt hour for electricity, or 70 percent more than what they paid as recently as May. Power companies, however, will continue to charge the customers as they have; presently, they're charging about 21 cents per kilowatt hour for SDG&E customers. The difference between 6.5 cents and whatever prices above that level emerge from the state's volatile power market will be recorded as IOUs for each customer in so-called balancing accounts. A second bill before the governor could provide up to $150 million in state money to help pay the balancing accounts, but the bulk of the IOUs will almost certainly be paid by SDG&E customers themselves when they become due in 2003 or 2004. A third bill before the governor would speed the construction of power plants. So while the rate bill lets customers pay less now than they owe, it obligates them to pay the balance with interest later. The situation creates the potential for a troublesome compounding effect: The higher electricity prices grow, the more is set aside in the balancing accounts -- and the greater the wallop to customer wallets when the accounts come due. Based upon prices now paid for future electric deliveries, Sempra Energy estimates customers will owe $664 million by 2003. IOUs of that magnitude, said SDG&E, will require that customers pay a surcharge of $40 monthly for a year on top of whatever they are already paying for their power bills. Keep in mind that typical residential bills at this time last year were about $55; they now stand at about $130. Consumer advocates say it's likely power prices will remain at levels that will lead to huge debts for customers under the Davis proposal. "The generators have shown themselves to be unconscionable in extorting profits," said Nettie Hoge, executive director of TURN, a San Francisco-based consumer group. Hoge said the bills that emerged "seemed the best a corrupt system could spit out." She added that TURN and other groups will shift their focus to pressuring the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to restrain the electric generating companies and wholesale power markets. FERC, she said, must legally determine if charges from generating companies are reasonable. TURN and other groups will also press for re-regulation of the industry and will begin to explore municipally owned generating plants. Michael Shames of the Utility Consumers' Action Network supports the Davis bill, although he said it won't fix "the almost irreparably broken California energy system." "The problem is that California's electricity customers have been subjected to market prices in a dysfunctional energy market," Shames said. "It's a market controlled by the sellers of power and their cronies." But Shames said the Davis bill provides at least temporary protection against further rate shocks, and he expects taxpayers across the state will ultimately assist SDG&E's customers in paying their electricity bills. But Jamie Court, executive director of the Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights, which has called for re-regulation of the industry, opposes the rate-cap legislation. "This keeps ratepayers and taxpayers on the hook for the costs," said Court, who added that the bill also locks in near doubling of power rates compared to last year. Stephen Baum, chief executive officer of Sempra, said the bill puts SDG&E -- a Sempra subsidiary -- in the position of financing the difference between what power companies charge for their power and what it collect from customers over the next three years. The balancing accounts, Baum said, could grow so large that they will challenge Sempra's ability to borrow to cover them. "The problem is with the wholesale markets," said Baum, who today becomes chairman as well as chief executive of Sempra. "This legislation does nothing but postpone a big bill." He added that Sempra believed the bill included ambiguities that could be illegal if not later clarified by the California Public Utilities Commission. "If (the PUC) can't or won't, then I think the legislation is legally flawed and can't stand," Baum said. 
 OJ for President!    "John Miriam Kartozian" <jamkartozian@jps.net> 11/29/2000 07:45 PM 
 may have been updated a bit prior to the presentation, but yep, that's it. will do for now.  please forward to rick.  when i'm back in the office i'll do more searching.  thanks a bunch.  i'm assuming this is what he's referring to.  Best, Jeff 
 Folks: Here are my edits.  For simplicity, I accepted all the other changes and put mine in strike-out-underline.  They are confined to the direct access section, and to the provisions regarding "spot market service" in particular.  Based on our negotiations, I think it's accurate to state that spot market service was never discussed as "an option to elect."  Instead, the language in the agreement states that it is a "backstop," in the event that on any given day a customer's ESP doesn't show up with the power.  In effect, it retains the utility's duty to serve, like the gas side, but does not expose the utility to any risk of cost recovery for the spot service provided.  I've also added provisions which obligate the utility to provide spot market service in the event that at the outset of the program (i.e., the transition date), the customer, for whatever reason fails to elect Term Service or Direct Access Service.  In both cases, the spot services lasts for a maximum of 30 days, after which the customer must choose Term or Direct Access Service.  Please take a look at the language.  While I haven't put any "stakes in the ground" up till now, I feel strongly about these changes (for reasons I'm happy to discuss), and if folks have issues with incorporating it into the document, I'd request that we have a very brief call to discuss.  I believe that the language as proposed captures my conversation with Dorothy.  In addition, I've also taken a stab at language requested by Delainey, i.e., "what to do about DA in the interm?"  There may be better ways to craft the language, but I took a shot nonetheless.  Finally, I'm assuming, based on yesterday's call, that, by delivering this document to the Speaker today, no one is giving their approval, support, or anything else for each and every provision.  I'm not prepared to, and cannot, do that at this time.  Thanks again to all for all the effort (and to Dorothy for her patience in hearing me out earlier).  Best, Jeff 
 "Sacramento or Salem?"  Sort of has a nice ring to it. 
 No intent to make people pay twice.  Anticipated that Edison might not want to be at risk for costs associated with retail gen service (e.g., AS, GMC, shaping) while only allowed to charge the wholesale price.  Any changes necessary to ensure no double counting are welcome.  Also, if 30 days seems to short to for some customers do strike a deal with either the utility or an ESP, then it might be appropriate, and I wouldn't object, to extending it to 90 days.  In my conversation with Dorothy, both 30 and 90 came up.  90 is reasonable, but it would seem to be the uppermost limit.  Thanks very much for the comments.  Best, Jeff     BRBarkovich <brbarkovich@earthlink.net> 07/09/2001 06:12 PM 
 You're a saint. 
 Thanks Barbara: Dorothy just phoned me and I believe we're all squared away.  Can you call her and make sure that you're comfortable?  Best, Jeff    BRBarkovich <brbarkovich@earthlink.net> 07/09/2001 06:15 PM 
 Hi:  Thanks for the wires story.  I talked to Dorothy and we're square.  If anyone tries to make any other changes, please let me know first or have them call me directly, whichever you prefer.  Thanks for all your help.  Best, Jeff 
 No comments.   And continued good luck with the process.  Best, Jeff 
 The Bond Legislation The Democrats in the Assembly and Sentate have agreed to language to create a Dedicated Rate Component to repay the budget and de-link the bonds from the DWR contracts. But the Republicans have still not agreed to go along. The bill would require a 2/3's vote to keep the bond issuance on schedule, so Republican votes are necessary. The Republicans are trying to meet tonite or tomorrow to determine whether to go along.  The Conference Committee Senator Burton does not like the idea of a conference committee and at this point prefers to use the existing committee structure to hear the core/noncore proposal. Using the existing committee structure could take longer to produce a bill than using the conference committee structure, but how much longer is uncertain. No sense yet of when hearings on the core/noncore proposal---in conference committee or otherwise--will take place, though Burton continues to say that he wants to "give it a chance."  The Core/Noncore Legislative Language The negotiating group continues to work on the language. The language was supposed to be delivered to Hertzberg by COB today, but more work needs to be done and it is now scheduled to be delivered first thing tomorrow morning.  Senator Dunn's Investigative Committee Hearing The hearing's been moved from tomorrow to Wednesday.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi.  Thanks for the note.  Couple of things.  Prentice is going to do Xmas with us this year cuz her family will be out of town.  So we should absolutely include her, but I think she really wants to be included in the "picking" so that she gets someone's name.  If you'd like to pick the names and let people know, I'm completely comfortable with that.  (Confidentially, I have a great idea for Mike, so if, by chance, I get him as a pick, that would be great!)  Also, let me throw this out.  You know that if I didn't live in a 1-bedroom apartment, I'd host (and hopefully, we'll be having Xmas at my place in Mendocino a few years down the road).  Steve and Charry really carry the load all the time.  Have you considered opening presents and having dinner at your place?  I'd be happy to take care of the meal, and hang around to clean up afterwards.  No big deal, just a thought.  Alternatively, we could absolutely have it at Prentice's apartment, which is plenty big enough, and will have a big beautiful tree, etc.  So give that a thought.  Might be nice to do it in the city, and we'd be happy to host it there, too.  Now, the important stuff.  What do Katie and Michael want/need for Xmas?  Best, Jeff    Dasovichd@aol.com 11/29/2000 10:41 PM 
 Heeeeeeeeeeeeee Haaaaaaaaaaawww!!!!!   Gouge dat taht moh!    "Thompson, Thomas W." <ttt@cpuc.ca.gov> 07/09/2001 05:07 PM 
 It's a hell hole, whaddya think?  Be great if you stopped by.  Just let me know when you're going to be here.  Love to have dinner and catch up.  You involved at all with the gas infrastructure stuff that's going on at the Cal PUC.  If not, I think that you should be.  Now that Fawcett has left TW and Susan Scott's in our shop in Houston with Christie, I'm a little concerned about TW (I don't have as much time to monitor anymore).  Be great if you got involved.  Hope all is well with you and yours.  Best, Jeff 
 Appreciate it.  Take care.  Best, Jeff    Joe Hartsoe 07/10/2001 06:42 AM 
 FYI.  Could you please forward to Bev?  More arrows for our quiver in trying to get out the truth.  Best, Jeff 
 California; Metro Desk Electricity Cost Data Spread the Blame Power: Many suppliers charged more than the firms that Davis has pilloried, records show. RICH CONNELL; ROBERT J. LOPEZ; DOUG SMITH TIMES STAFF WRITERS  07/10/2001 Los Angeles Times Home Edition B-1 Copyright 2001 / The Times Mirror Company  SACRAMENTO -- California's energy meltdown involves a far more diverse group of wholesale electricity merchants than suggested by Gov. Gray Davis, who has aggressively blamed a handful of Texas companies, state records show. During the first three months of this year--one of the worst stretches of power shortages during the crisis--an assortment of public and private entities charged the state prices averaging well above some of those paid to Texas firms, according to documents released to The Times on Monday by the Department of Water Resources, which now buys power for California. Among those setting and collecting some of the highest average prices per megawatt-hour were a Canadian public utility, a subsidiary of San Diego Gas & Electric's parent company, and the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, the report shows. Their average prices ranged from $498 a megawatt-hour charged by Powerex, the trading arm of British Columbia's BC Hydro, to $292 an hour by the DWP. In fact, some of the biggest private power companies singled out for criticism by Davis and other state officials--Dynegy Inc., Duke Energy and Mirant--charged less than the average prices the state paid for the period. Those companies' average prices ranged from $146 to $240 per megawatt-hour, according to an analysis of the documents. The figures cover the various types of spot and longer-term power purchased by the state during three months that included rolling blackouts and more than a month of razor-thin reserves, leading to continuous power emergencies. Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said the governor has directed his sharpest barbs at private out-of-state generators because, in general, they have reaped the highest profits over the longest period. "You have to look at the whole picture," Maviglio said. "The governor was expressing his displeasure with the arrogance of the generators who wear cowboy hats," he said. "Their profits were 100% to 400% above last year. . . . Just because there are other entities who are charging us more [per megawatt-hour] doesn't change the fact that we are getting ripped off by companies from Houston, Tulsa, Atlanta or Charlotte." The report by the Department of Water Resources was provided to The Times on the same day the state released 1,700 pages of documents on California's electricity purchases on the volatile spot market for the year's first quarter. The records detail how the state spent nearly $8 billion buying power in the first five months of the year, and underscore the complexity of the state's energy problem. They also show that patterns of high prices are not limited to a few generators. Oscar Hidalgo, a spokesman for the water resources agency, said that the reports together show that prices were extremely volatile early in the year. "All the prices were high," he said, noting the downward trend in costs since his agency began buying power in mid-January. The average price per megawatt-hour for all state purchases went from $316 in January to $243 in May. Spot prices fell from an average of $321 per hour to $271, the reports show. In the first quarter of the year, some public entities' prices far exceeded those of the biggest private companies. For example, Houston-based Enron, one of the nation's biggest power traders, charged an average of $181 per megawatt-hour. And Atlanta-based Mirant, which sold the most to the state, a total of $706 million, charged an average of $225 per megawatt-hour. By contrast, a Calgary, Canada, firm, TransAlta Energy, averaged $335 a megawatt-hour, and the Sacramento Municipal Utility District had average charges of $330 per megawatt-hour. A spokesman for Enron, Mark Palmer, said recently that the "vilification of Enron was based on politics, not facts." Spokesmen for BC Hydro could not be reached late Monday to comment on its huge sales to the state. In the past, the utility has defended its pricing practices, saying it has offered last-minute hydroelectric power that helped keep California's lights on. A spokeswoman for Sempra, the parent company of San Diego Gas & Electric, said late Monday the company was unable to comment because it had yet to see the figures released by the state. Officials at DWP, who could not be reached Monday evening, have defended their pricing, saying the costs of producing the power needed by the state were extremely high. More Power Bought Than Projected Hidalgo, of the Department of Water Resources, said his agency's efforts, coupled with conservation by business and consumers and falling natural gas prices, have begun to tame the state's market. Still, the state had to purchase $321 million in power in April and May, about 10% more than Davis' analysts had projected. Hidlago said that was because of hot weather in May and other supply problems in April. He said reports will show that power purchases fell short of state projections in June and early July. The reports also will show that prices paid by the state were down in June and July, partly because spot prices have fallen sharply, often to well under $100 a megawatt-hour. A summary Department of Water Resources report released Monday credited Davis' program of nurturing new power generation and establishing long-term power contracts with with "moving the California electric energy industry closer to normalcy."  Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 Mark, Congratulations on the story in the Times.  FYI.  Today's radio media (local and national) are all giving the same basic message that:  "Davis got beat up in FERC negotiations; judge sides decidedly with generators; Davis team trying in vain to spin it their way, but it's clear they lost. "  Freeman was pathetic on the radio this morning.  Interviewers weren't buying his BS at all.  Best, Jeff 
 Only couple brief comments on the version that includes Edison's comments:  Under the definition of "Spot Market Service" it now reads:  This service is available for Large Customers and Medium Customers whose service from a Direct Access provider has been interrupted, or who have failed to elect or be deemed to elect either Direct Access, Core Service or Term Service.  I don't understand the meaning of the phrase "or be deemed to elect."  If inserting the phrase serves an important purpose, then perhaps it's appropriate to leave it in.  But we haven't discussed any reason for needing it.  As such, given the last-minute nature of the change, it should be deleted.  There is one heckuvalot of detail in the rate-related language that Edison provided that we didn't have a chance to discuss in our negotiations.  It may turn out that it's all fine, but I frankly haven't haven't had the chance to adequately wrap my meager mind around the language, so I just want to let folks know that many more comments on those pieces may pop up from my end in the near term. Finally, I just want to raise a flag on section 25465 (a) (6) regarding the green portfolio standard.  We never discussed/analyzed those additional percentages and consequently we never established a "zone of comfort" around including those numbers.  That may become an issue (and may not, just wanted to briefly flag it).  Thanks again for all the effort.  Best, Jeff 
 any sense of why all the pulling? 
 Found the final.  Don't know if it differs from the one distributed yesterday.  Best, Jeff 
 Please see the following articles:  Sac Bee, Tues, 5/10: No deal in energy refund talks  Sac Bee, Tues, 5/10: Third power plant opens: But the Los Medanos=20 facility isn't pouring out electricity yet  Sac Bee, Tues, 5/10: State reveals high-priced power deals  Sac Bee, Tues, 5/10: Government finds ways to conserve: The Santa Rita=20 Jail goes solar as agencies get creative to cut costs  SD Union, Tues, 5/10: Energy talks reach no settlement; state threatens sui= t  SD Union, Tues, 5/10: Refunds in jeopardy as talks fail  SD Union, Tues, 5/10: State's massive outlays detailed  SD Union, Tues, 5/10: State releases early spot market energy purchases  LA Times, Mon, 5/9: FERC Judge Says State Owed No More Than $1 Billion  LA Times, Tues, 5/10: Electricity Cost Data Spread the Blame  LA Times, Tues, 5/10: Duke Energy Asked to Allow Release of Data  LA Times, Mon, 5/9: Concern Over Price of Long-Term Power Pacts Grows  SF Chron, Tues, 5/10: State's refund demand rejected=20 Judge ends rebate talks, rebukes $9 billion claim=20  SF Chron, Tues, 5/10: Davis opens another new power plant=20 Pittsburg facility will generate 555 megawatts  SF Chron, Tues, 5/10: California rejects B.C. Hydro $125 million settlement  SF Chron, Tues, 5/10: Davis' criticism of Texas misdirected, report finds  SF Chron, Tues, 5/10: Developments in California's energy crisis  SF Chron, Tues, 5/10: Energy talks reach no settlement; state threatens sui= t  SF Chron, Tues, 5/10: Toxic fumes not linked to blackouts=20 Backup power OK in facilities, report says  Mercury News, Tues, 5/10: Power suppliers, state fail to agree on refund to= tal  Mercury News, Tues, 5/10: Power purchase bills exceed $7.5 billion Biggest suppliers are not from Texas  OC Register, Tues, 5/10: Refund outlook dims  OC Register, Tues, 5/10: State reveals details of power purchases  OC Register, Tues, 5/10: Ghost of Bob Citron roaming halls of capital Gray Davis is following footsteps of former O.C. treasurer into fiscal=20 chaos      (Commentary)  Individual.com (PRnewswire), Tues, 5/10: Calpine's Los Medanos Energy Cente= r=20 Adds Needed Generation to California Second New Major Base Load Generator for=20 California=20  NY Times, Tues, 5/10: California and Generators Still Split After 2-Week Ta= lks  Wash. Post, Tues, 5/10: Energy Refund Talks Fail In Calif.; Federal Agency'= s=20 Judge To Propose Settlement  WSJ, Tues, 5/10: California and Energy Companies Miss Deadline  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------= --- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------= --- -----------------  No deal in energy refund talks=20 By David Whitney Bee Washington Bureau (Published July 10, 2001)=20 WASHINGTON -- Negotiations to settle a tangle of issues arising out of=20 California's electricity debacle sputtered to an end Monday with the sides= =20 light-years apart on refunds for overpriced wholesale power sales.=20 The impasse raises the specter of years of litigation, with a regulatory=20 judge proposing a formula that could limit refunds to about $1 billion whil= e=20 California is seeking at least $8.9 billion and perhaps much more.=20 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission administrative judge Curtis Wagner sai= d=20 that within a week he'll urge the five FERC commissioners to begin=20 fact-finding hearings on how much is truly owed, following guidelines he=20 outlined sketchily Monday.=20 Among them would be limiting the time when refunds are allowed -- something= =20 that could reduce state claims by about one-third -- and changing the way= =20 power plant costs are calculated to a formula more favored by generators.= =20 Gov. Gray Davis said he was heartened by the judge's belief that California= =20 is due some amount of refund money, rejecting the generators' arguments for= =20 no refunds.=20 With the 15-day negotiation session nearly moribund, generators and power= =20 traders had offered up $716 million in proposed refunds in the final days.= =20 But Wagner indicated that that would have to be offset by money the state= =20 still owes power companies, meaning no cash would actually change hands.=20 The judge held out the possibility that at least two parties, including San= =20 Jose-based Calpine Corp., could reach separate agreements with the state.= =20 "From what I know, it looks like we can reach an agreement," Calpine=20 spokesman Bill Highlander confirmed Monday. But he said he could not disclo= se=20 any details under Wagner's gag order on participants in the negotiations.= =20 Enron Corp., one of the nation's highest-profile power traders, said=20 California officials killed the talks by never budging from their claims th= at=20 the state's consumers deserved at least $8.9 billion in refunds for=20 overcharges.=20 "These talks never had a chance," said Enron spokesman Mark Palmer. "Their= =20 political skins are worth more than $716 million that the taxpayers of=20 California could have used. It was about creating and maintaining a tool fo= r=20 a witch hunt."=20 Of the $716 million compromise offer, $510 million was put on the table by= =20 what Wagner called the "Big Five" generators -- Reliant, Duke, Mirant,=20 Williams and Dynegy -- some of whom are under state investigation. Another= =20 $125 million was offered by BC Hydro, British Colombia's government utility= ,=20 which is not under FERC jurisdiction, and $16.5 million was offered by six= =20 California municipal utilities.=20 The Sacramento Municipal Utility District, the state's second-largest=20 municipal utility, also declined to comment on the talks or any settlement= =20 amount it may have offered, but said it would outline its position in writi= ng=20 Thursday, the judge's deadline for comments on his proposal.=20 Consumer advocates and some industry officials said the judge's brief publi= c=20 remarks make it difficult to predict exactly what the impacts could be on t= he=20 state's troubled electric scene.=20 "If the judge is saying that the refund is topped at a billion that's=20 outrageous," said Nettie Hoge, head of The Utility Reform Network. "If=20 they're going to start doing some fact finding, hallelujah."=20 Hoge said the talks had been unrealistic from the start, because there was = no=20 effort by FERC to determine how high the overcharges had actually been and= =20 then work toward a compromise from there.=20 The state used a formula calculated by its nonprofit grid operator, the=20 Independent System Operator, which was attacked by marketers as wildly high= =20 even while the state called it conservatively low.=20 Joel Newton, representing all five of the big generators, said Monday that= =20 the ISO has consistently based its demand on "sketchy and incomplete" data.= =20 The face-off between Davis and power merchants began last fall, as wholesal= e=20 electricity costs were soaring and California utilities warned that they=20 could be driven into bankruptcy.=20 The governor said generators and traders took advantage of the state's powe= r=20 shortage to manipulate markets and gouge consumers. Generators said they=20 followed all laws and were only deriving fair profits in a scarcity=20 situation.=20 FERC, which entered the picture because by law it has to ensure that=20 electricity rates are "just and reasonable," has made repeated, unsuccessfu= l=20 efforts to craft a solution that could appease both sides.=20 State Assembly Speaker Robert Hertzberg, D-Sherman Oaks, said Monday that t= he=20 failure of the settlement talks to agree on a refund figure "comes as no=20 surprise."=20 Negotiators representing generators "refused to even acknowledge the=20 inescapable fact that they have profited enormously by exploiting a=20 dysfunctional market -- at California's expense," he said.=20 Davis, who had accused the generators of failing to negotiate in good faith= =20 with state representatives, said that although FERC commissioners have been= =20 slow to respond to his requests for refunds and for price caps on wholesale= =20 electricity, they "now have the opportunity to redeem themselves."=20 He suggested the commissioners can opt to award California more than is=20 recommended by the judge.=20 Wagner, after mediating talks that continued throughout the weekend, seemed= =20 resigned to the fact that trying to bring more than 50 government, utility= =20 and power generating entities together proved to be an exercise in futility= .=20 Michael Kahn, head of the California delegation and consultant to the=20 California ISO, nonetheless came away thinking the state had fared pretty= =20 well.=20 "We came here wanting $8.9 billion," Kahn said. "In all candor, we didn't= =20 receive any meaningful settlement offers and so the negotiations were not a= s=20 helpful as we had hoped they would be. But our positions were vindicated"= =20 because refunds were offered.=20 Meanwhile, Pacific Gas and Electric Co. and Southern California Edison=20 sounded the call for more talks.=20 "We're willing to talk to anyone, anytime about a settlement," said Steve= =20 Pickett, general counsel of Southern California Edison. PG&E said in a=20 prepared statement that the sessions "provide a solid basis for further=20 negotiations."=20 How much money the state might eventually receive remains the big question= =20 mark. Wagner said settlement offers of $716 million suggest that eventual= =20 refunds will amount to "hundreds of millions of dollars, maybe a billion."= =20 But he also stressed that he would recommend no specific figure to FERC=20 commissioners and does not know how big refunds might eventually be.=20 Other recommendations Wagner said he would make to the commission were a=20 mixed bag for the state.=20 The judge said he would recommend refunds no further back than Oct. 2, 2000= ,=20 an action that Kahn said would immediately slice $3 billion off the state's= =20 refund analysis that stretched back to May 2000.=20 But Kahn said that was no defeat for the state, which would turn to the=20 courts to recover that and any other sums excluded from a final refund orde= r.=20 "We still have a viable litigation claim for the remainder," Kahn said.=20 Brent Bailey, vice president and general counsel of Duke Energy of North=20 America, said he felt the formula laid out by Wagner would generate a refun= d=20 order in the range of $1 billion to $1.5 billion.=20 "It's a reasonable amount in the context of these settlement talks," Bailey= =20 said.=20  The Bee's David Whitney can be reached at (202) 383-0004 or=20 dwhitney@mcclatchydc.com.=20 Staff writers Emily Bazar and Dale Kasler contributed to this report.    Third power plant opens: But the Los Medanos facility isn't pouring out=20 electricity yet.=20 By Carrie Peyton Bee Staff Writer (Published July 10, 2001)=20 The flood of new electricity being welcomed by Gov. Gray Davis was only a= =20 trickle at the latest power plant that the governor opened on Monday,=20 according to sources close to California's energy crisis.=20 Heralded by Davis as part of a "powerful one-two-three punch" that will bri= ng=20 California closer to energy independence, the Los Medanos Energy Center in= =20 Pittsburg spit out no more than 20 megawatts on its opening day, they said.= =20 That is less than 5 percent of the plant's 555-megawatt operating capacity.= =20 Los Medanos could generate a couple of hundred megawatts later this week bu= t=20 is not expected to reach its full output for two to three weeks, according = to=20 knowledgable sources.=20 Representatives for Calpine and the governor's office, when pressed for=20 details, acknowledged that the plant was not running at full tilt but said= =20 they did not know how much electricity was actually produced Monday.=20 Calpine, which will bill someone for whatever electricity it sells from Los= =20 Medanos, is keeping track of the production but the figure wasn't immediate= ly=20 available for the media, spokeswoman Katherine Potter said.=20 "Even if it was two megawatts, that's two more megawatts that we didn't hav= e=20 yesterday," said Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio.=20 He said the opening was "largely ceremonial," timed for the convenience of= =20 the governor and Calpine's top executive.=20 But consumer advocate Harvey Rosenfield called the media event "a deception= ."=20 It was the third highly publicized power plant launch the governor has=20 attended in the past two weeks.=20 "It's the governor trying to convince people he's hard at work solving the= =20 problem when it's all for show," Rosenfield said. "He's governing by sound= =20 bite. He's certainly getting his money's worth from the consultants he=20 hired."=20 Davis political adviser Garry South said last week that the governor's new= =20 radio ad campaign will highlight the efforts to produce more power in=20 California.=20 "Generation comes up in our polls as being the No. 1 thing people want us t= o=20 do -- build more power plants," South said then. "People want the sense tha= t=20 progress is being made -- that this is not spiraling out of control."=20 The other two plants that Davis kicked off -- Sunrise in Kern County and=20 Sutter near Yuba City -- have since been running at maximum capacity.=20 Calpine anticipates pumping the full 550 megawatts out of Los Medanos withi= n=20 a week to 10 days, company officials said.=20 "In the first month of these new plants, there are always stops and starts,= "=20 said Calpine spokesman Bill Highlander. "Sometimes we shut down altogether.= "=20 Including the three just-opened facilities, new or expanded power plants ar= e=20 expected to add 1,500 megawatts to the state's struggling electric grid by= =20 the end of July, and 870 megawatts of that is already in place, according t= o=20 the state Independent System Operator.=20 Another 1,000 megawatts is anticipated for the end of August and 1,100 more= =20 for the end of September, under a rough timetable that is likely to see som= e=20 plants zip ahead of schedule and others fall behind.=20  The Bee's Carrie Peyton can be reached at (916) 321-1086 or=20 cpeyton@sacbee.com.    State reveals high-priced power deals=20 By Dale Kasler and Chris Bowman Bee Staff Writers (Published July 10, 2001)=20 The state Monday released details of its adventures in buying electricity o= n=20 the spot market, revealing a chaotic world in which prices fluctuate wildly= =20 within minutes.=20 The Department of Water Resources, which has been criticized for keeping it= s=20 power-purchasing practices a secret, released 1,770 pages of invoices and= =20 trade confirmations that provided the most detailed look yet of its purchas= es=20 since it jumped into the energy-buying business Jan. 17. The information wa= s=20 released a week after state Controller Kathleen Connell put out details of= =20 the state's long-term power contracts over the objections of Gov. Gray Davi= s,=20 her political nemesis.=20 The state has committed about $8.1 billion to buying power on behalf of=20 California's crippled utilities, straining the budget surplus and raising= =20 questions from lawmakers and others about Davis' policies for resolving the= =20 state's energy crisis. In turn, state officials have accused many suppliers= =20 of gouging California to the tune of several billion dollars.=20 When it came to the spot market, the water department was at the mercy of a= =20 business run amok. The state paid upward of $300 a megawatt-hour for days i= n=20 January and February -- months when electricity normally should be a lot=20 cheaper. Water officials said prices have dropped to the $100 range largely= =20 because they've signed a slew of long-term contracts, reducing their=20 dependence on spot sales.=20 "Our exposure earlier this year to the spot market was at the maximum," sai= d=20 Oscar Hidalgo, spokesman for the water department.=20 The information released Monday covered the first three months of the year= =20 and didn't include the highest price the water department has paid for=20 electricity: $1,900 a megawatt-hour in May to Reliant Energy Inc., a Texas= =20 generator that owns several plants in the state. Duke Energy Corp. of North= =20 Carolina charged even more for power in January, $3,880 a megawatt hour, bu= t=20 that sale was made to the Independent System Operator, which runs the state= 's=20 transmission grid.=20 The documents show that while the state's stricken utilities no longer buy= =20 power for themselves, their sister companies have sold expensive power.=20 Through May 31, the state paid a trading arm of Sempra Energy, the parent o= f=20 San Diego Gas & Electric, some $429 million for power. It paid PG&E Energy= =20 Trading, an unregulated sister company of Pacific Gas and Electric Co., abo= ut=20 $23.7 million.=20 Among others, the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power was paid $331= =20 million through May 31; Canadian utility BC Hydro was paid $1.05 billion;= =20 Atlanta's Mirant Corp. $1.24 billion; the federal government's Bonne=0F'vil= le=20 Power Administration $167 million; and the Sacramento Municipal Utility=20 District $80.7 million.=20 Generally, the more desperate the state was for power, the higher the price= s.=20 For instance, Oklahoma-based generator Williams Cos. commanded $565 a=20 megawatt-hour March 20, when blackouts struck more than 1 million=20 Californians.=20 Location also was critical. On March 8 the state paid the PG&E trading unit= =20 $250 but only $180 to Arizona-based Pinnacle West Capital Corp. The=20 difference was that PG&E's power was delivered to energy-starved Northern= =20 California, while Pinnacle's was sent to Southern California where energy= =20 wasn't so scarce.=20 Split-second timing was also crucial. At 9:09 a.m. Feb. 14, the state paid= =20 $400 to Mirant for power to be delivered the next day. By 10 a.m. it was=20 paying Mieco Inc., a Long Beach trading firm, $475 for the same product.=20 "That's the spot market -- it's the most volatile market in the world, and = it=20 changes on a second-by-second basis," said Enron Corp. spokesman Mark Palme= r.=20 For all the criticism leveled at Duke, Reliant and other big corporations,= =20 government-owned entities were among the most aggressive at charging high= =20 prices.=20 BC Hydro, the electric utility owned by the Canadian province of British=20 Columbia, submitted bills for up to $1,000 a megawatt-hour. The city of=20 Glendale charged $375 a megawatt-hour for power in January, while SMUD=20 charged $309 a megawatt-hour in March. The city of Eugene, Ore., averaged= =20 $450 a megawatt-hour in February.=20 "We play by the rules of the electricity trade marketplace," said BC Hydro= =20 spokesman Wayne Cousins. "Our traders worked very hard to find additional= =20 sources of electricity to keep the lights on in California. Had we not come= =20 through and stepped forward with these supplies, the consequences to=20 California customers would have been severe."=20 The state also said it has spent $14.4 million on administrative costs in= =20 buying power.=20  The Bee's Dale Kasler can be reached at (916) 321-1066 or dkasler@sacbee.co= m.     Government finds ways to conserve: The Santa Rita Jail goes solar as agenci= es=20 get creative to cut costs. By Cheryl Miller Bee Correspondent (Published July 10, 2001)=20 To Matt Muniz, the solar panels sprouting on the rooftop of the Santa Rita= =20 Jail in Dublin aren't just energy-makers; they're money in the bank.=20 When all 4,000 panels are completely installed this month, the 500-kilowatt= =20 photovoltaic system -- the largest rooftop project ever constructed in the= =20 United States -- will cut the jail's demand on the electric grid by up to 2= 0=20 percent, according to Muniz, Alameda County's energy program manager.=20 That sun power, combined with conservation projects already completed at th= e=20 jail, will slash about $300,000 a year from the facility's energy bill. Mun= iz=20 is already scouting other county rooftops for solar potential.=20 "With the cost of electricity going up, you can start looking at it as a=20 business decision, just investing your money," said Muniz. "There's virtual= ly=20 no maintenance on this equipment. It just sits on your roof and converts=20 right into electricity that you're using as soon as you generate it. I thin= k=20 (solar) is the wave of the future, even though it's been around 30 or 40=20 years."=20 The Santa Rita Jail project is among the largest, and perhaps most=20 conspicuous, examples of steps government agencies are taking to cut=20 electricity use in response to skyrocketing power bills and Gov. Gray Davis= '=20 call for public entities to conserve.=20 Among the examples:=20 San Francisco leaders are pondering a bond measure to finance solar-powered= =20 rooftop projects around the city.=20 The Tulare County town of Lindsay will open City Hall two hours earlier -- = at=20 6 a.m.-- and close at 4:30 p.m. Monday through Thursday this summer so=20 offices can stay dark all day Friday and during peak-use afternoon hours.= =20 Sacramento County has instituted a casual dress policy so employees can=20 better withstand office temperatures that climb as high as 78 degrees.=20 Workers have also set sprinklers to run at night so that electric water pum= ps=20 operate during low demand.=20 "When you start to see the bills going up and you start to hear concerns fr= om=20 some citizens, that obviously raises the threshold of wanting to help out,"= =20 said Jolena Voorhis, an energy analyst at the California State Association = of=20 Counties. "Certainly (counties) stepped up to the plate when they were aske= d=20 to increase conservation efforts. They've done about as much as humanly=20 possible."=20 Kings County leaders thought they made a great deal in 1992 when they signe= d=20 up for Southern California Edison's interruptible load program, which=20 promises customers lower rates in exchange for agreeing to shut down=20 electrical services in times of shortage.=20 Then California's power crisis hit full-force this year. Since January,=20 Edison has called on the Central Valley county to cut electricity at its=20 Hanford government center 16 times -- for up to six hours each cycle.=20 At times that meant no lights to greet the public, no computers to process= =20 food stamp requests and during the Valley's foggy winter days, no heat to= =20 warm many of the 1,200 employees.=20 "We had one week in January when we were virtually shut down," said Chief= =20 Administrative Officer Larry Spikes. "We just decided we couldn't function= =20 that way."=20 So Kings County supervisors bought a $550,000 diesel-powered generator to= =20 match those already at the jail and juvenile center. They also decided to= =20 open and close administrative offices one hour earlier this summer so=20 buildings can power down before high demand hits the grid around 4 p.m.=20 The new hours, dimmed hallways and moments of darkness that occur when the= =20 generators kick on have become a routine part of doing government business= =20 these days, Spikes said.=20 So far, most counties have been able to absorb higher energy costs without= =20 cutting into programs because of relatively healthy budgets in recent years= ,=20 Voorhis said.=20 Public agencies' power troubles have proved a boon to some businesses.=20 Revenues at PowerLight, the Berkeley company that installed the Santa Rita= =20 Jail photovoltaic system, have tripled since last year.=20 "The last six months have been particularly intense," said Janice Lin,=20 director of business development for PowerLight. "In some ways the energy= =20 crisis in California has been a call to action."=20 The Sacramento Municipal Utility District, which already boasts the largest= =20 photovoltaic program in the country, has a 2,000-customer waiting list for= =20 solar projects and plans to bring sun power to the state Capitol, said Don= =20 Osborn, SMUD's solar program manager.=20 Back in Dublin, the 3,600 inmates at the Santa Rita Jail still receive thre= e=20 meals, air conditioning and hot showers -- powered now, in part, by the=20 plentiful sun in this relatively fog-free part of the East Bay.=20 The $4 million project, financed entirely with state and utility subsidies,= =20 should generate enough savings to pay for itself within the decade, Muniz= =20 said.=20 "It's a good investment for the money we're putting up front," he said.         Energy talks reach no settlement; state threatens suit=20       By Mark Sherman ASSOCIATED PRESS=20 July 10, 2001=20 WASHINGTON =01) With talks between the state and power generators stalled,= =20 California may go to court to help win the $8.9 billion state officials=20 believe it was overcharged for electricity.=20 "I think we have demonstrated very clearly both to the FERC and to the judg= e=20 that the state is owed $8.9 billion and will settle for nothing less," said= =20 Roger Salazar, a spokesman for Gov. Gray Davis.=20 With negotiations at an impasse, the administrative law judge for the Feder= al=20 Energy Regulatory Commission said California is probably owed no more than = $1=20 billion in refunds.    "The numbers were too far apart," said Curtis Wagner, the FERC chief=20 administrative law judge.=20 California, Wagner said, may receive nothing at all, because generators may= =20 be owed more than they have to return for any overcharges.=20 He placed the refunds owed the state at between $716 million and $1 billion= .=20 Power providers had offered $716 million as part of an overall settlement,= =20 while California state officials sought $8.9 billion, Wagner said.=20 He said California officials had not made the case for $8.9 billion in=20 refunds.=20 Salazar, however, said the state would go to court and may ask for $20=20 billion.=20 Separately, Wagner split off claims of overcharges from the Pacific=20 Northwest, saying he has not had time to consider those allegations under t= he=20 short timetable ordered by FERC last month.=20 Wagner served as a mediator during the 15 days of negotiations and will=20 recommend a settlement to FERC by next Monday. The commission ordered the= =20 talks last month in an effort to resolve differences between producers and= =20 the state over the breakdown of California's deregulated electricity market= .=20 Consumer advocates assailed the judge's recommendation and urged the state = to=20 continue its attempt to get refunds from what they say are profiteering pow= er=20 companies.=20 "It's like catching a bank robber, but instead of making him give back all = of=20 it, you only make him give back 5 percent of what he stole," said Douglas= =20 Heller, spokesman for the Santa Monica-based Foundation for Taxpayer and=20 Consumer Rights.=20 Power generators, however, were generally pleased with Wagner's comments.= =20 Brent Bailey, general counsel for Duke Energy, said even if the formula=20 Wagner recommends produces $1.5 billion in refunds, "that's a reasonable=20 amount in the context of these settlement talks."=20 California officials, negotiating on behalf of utilities, the Public=20 Utilities Commission and state power buyers, accused the producers of=20 manipulating supply to unfairly drive up prices.=20 The producers have acknowledged prices are high, but blame jumps in the pri= ce=20 of natural gas, which fuels many power plants, and the workings of the free= =20 market.=20 The bill for wholesale power in California soared to $27 billion last year= =20 from $7 billion the year before. Davis has estimated the state could spend = as=20 much as $50 billion this year.=20 The producers reiterated Monday that California's numbers are grossly=20 inflated. Attorneys for the five major generators =01) Duke Energy, Dynegy,= =20 Mirant, Reliant Energy and the Williams Cos. =01) said in a statement that = they=20 have made a "very substantial global settlement offer."=20 Reliant would agree to no more than $50 million in refunds as part of an=20 overall settlement that also would have to include protection from addition= al=20 legal claims, said John H. Stout, a company senior vice president.=20 But Stout also said, "Reliant's fundamental position has been and remains= =20 that no refunds are justified."=20             Refunds in jeopardy as talks fail=20       Judge sees possibility of offsets equal to the billions sought by state By Toby Eckert=20 COPLEY NEWS SERVICE=20 July 10, 2001=20 WASHINGTON -- Settlement talks between California and power providers accus= ed=20 of electricity price gouging collapsed yesterday, and the judge who will no= w=20 hand the case over to federal regulators set a course far from favorable to= =20 the state's demand for $8.9 billion in refunds.=20 "There are refunds due that total hundreds of millions of dollars and maybe= a=20 billion dollars," Curtis L. Wagner Jr., chief administrative law judge for= =20 the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, said in previewing the=20 recommendations he will make to the commission.=20 But Wagner, who mediated the talks, also suggested that power sellers are= =20 still owed sums for electricity "that probably are higher than any=20 overcharges" for which they may have to pay refunds.=20 That opened the possibility that California could see no cash refunds, only= a=20 reduction in the billions of dollars the power generators and marketers cla= im=20 they are owed by state entities and utilities.=20 Wagner said he would recommend that FERC hold a "fast-track hearing" to try= =20 to untangle the complex financial claims and counterclaims arising from=20 California's power crisis.=20 Wagner also outlined a method that he said FERC should use for calculating= =20 refunds.=20 While his proposed formula includes part of one method the state used, it= =20 contains several elements for calculating electricity costs that were favor= ed=20 by power sellers, who maintain that California's numbers are wildly=20 exaggerated.=20 "I would suspect that would result in a number much below $8.9 billion," sa= id=20 Joe Ronan, vice president of Calpine, a San Jose-based electricity generato= r.=20 "I think (Wagner's method) reflects more accurately what actually happened"= =20 in the state's dysfunctional power market.=20 But Michael Kahn, the state's lead negotiator, said Wagner "vindicated"=20 California's core arguments.=20 "The hundreds of people who came here on the other side had argued to the= =20 mediator that there should not be any refunds, and that position was loudly= =20 rejected," said Kahn, chairman of the organization that manages most of=20 California's power grid.=20 "We think the numbers, even using the judge's formula, are going to be in t= he=20 multiple billions. Whatever amount of money .?.?. is awarded to us, we will= =20 have viable claims in state court and other jurisdictions for the remainder= .=20 So what we have here is a situation where California will get its $8.9=20 billion."=20 Power sellers acknowledged that the threat of litigation remains worrisome = to=20 them. They sought an end to investigations of their conduct, and immunity= =20 from legal action as part of their bargaining position.=20 During two weeks of negotiations ordered by FERC, the two sides came nowher= e=20 near bridging their differences. Wagner said a number of power sellers had= =20 put forward offers that totaled $716.1 million.=20 "That's a long way from splitting the difference," he said. "In 15 days, yo= u=20 can't work miracles."=20 Yesterday -- the deadline for completing the talks -- the ill will between= =20 the two sides broke into the open as Wagner allowed reporters into the=20 previously closed hearings.=20 Each side essentially accused the other of bargaining in bad faith and=20 failing to put forward realistic proposals.=20 John H. Stout, a senior vice president at Reliant Energy Wholesale Group,= =20 said the state used "biased calculations" to arrive at its $8.9 billion=20 refund demand. He also said that Reliant offered to knock $50 million off t= he=20 $300 million it claims it is still owed for power sold into the state.=20 Kahn shot back that Reliant made the offer confidentially to Wagner and nev= er=20 approached the state.=20 Figures scrutinized "This is the first time we've heard any of this information. And to give th= e=20 impression that somehow there's been cooperation or forthcomingness, I thin= k=20 is misleading," Kahn said.=20 The state's refund calculations were scrutinized repeatedly during the talk= s.=20 The $8.9 billion figure emerged from a study by the California power grid= =20 operator of charges for electricity between May 2000 and May 2001, a period= =20 when wholesale power prices soared.=20 Kahn said the figure was essentially duplicated when the state went back an= d=20 calculated what power costs would have been if a pricing method instituted = by=20 FERC last month had been in effect for the entire yearlong period.=20 FERC ordered the pricing method in a bid to tame wholesale prices in the=20 West.=20 In a partial win for the state, Wagner said he would recommend that FERC us= e=20 the order retroactively as a basis for calculating refunds, an approach=20 resisted by the power sellers.=20 But he said that FERC should only scrutinize charges going back to October= =20 2000, and should make several key changes in how power-generating costs are= =20 calculated.=20 For instance, he said, FERC should determine the actual amount of gas heat = it=20 takes to generate a megawatt of electricity and use spot market prices in= =20 Northern and Southern California to determine the cost of gas, rather than = a=20 statewide average cost, computed monthly.=20 Fewer overcharges? Those and other parts of the complex formula Wagner will recommend could=20 increase the benchmark cost of producing power and drive down the amount of= =20 overcharges.=20 Kahn said that applying FERC's pricing method only back to October would pu= t=20 about $3 billion of the state's refund claim off-limits.=20 Brent Bailey, vice president and general counsel for Duke Energy North=20 America, said, "We think (Wagner's) modifications are certainly a vast=20 improvement over FERC's June 19 order and also certainly over (the state's)= =20 model."=20 America.=20 In Sacramento, Gov. Gray Davis issued a statement characterizing the=20 electricity suppliers as pirates who refused to negotiate in good faith.=20 "While in the past the FERC has shown little, if any, interest in consumers= ,=20 they now have the opportunity to redeem themselves by returning the $8.9=20 billion California has demonstrated it is owed," Davis said.=20 Despite the harsh rhetoric, both sides indicated that they would continue= =20 trying to reach one-on-one settlements.=20 Ronan of Calpine said the generator was close to making a deal with the=20 state. Bailey said that while Duke would continue to push for a "global=20 settlement" between all the parties, "We've had serious settlement talks wi= th=20 the state over the last few days and hope to continue."=20              State's massive outlays detailed=20       Energy bill exceeded $100 million on 3 days By Jennifer Coleman=20 ASSOCIATED PRESS=20 July 10, 2001=20 SACRAMENTO -- On three days in May, California's daily power spending toppe= d=20 $100 million, according to a report released yesterday by state power=20 traders.=20 The California Department of Water Resources report, which addressed spot= =20 market electricity purchases since January, was released along with 1,770= =20 pages of documents that specifically detailed the first three months of=20 last-minute power purchases.=20 Such power buys on the spot market typically get the most expensive=20 electricity available.=20 The report details the department's electricity spending since Jan. 17, whe= n=20 the state took over electricity purchases for Pacific Gas and Electric Co.,= =20 San Diego Gas & Electric Co., and Southern California Edison.=20 The utilities had amassed billions in debts and were no longer creditworthy= =20 enough to purchase power. Since then, the state has spent nearly $8 billion= =20 to keep the lights on.=20 The state's daily spending peaked May 10 at $102.4 million. The=20 second-highest daily total was May 23, when the state spent $101.8 million.= =20 The day before, the state spent $100 million.=20 But since May, spot market prices have dropped, due in part to moderate=20 weather, lower natural gas prices, increased conservation which lowered=20 demand and because of increased scrutiny by lawmakers and investigators int= o=20 possible price manipulation. Gov. Gray Davis has said long-term contracts= =20 also drove the price down.=20 "It does look like some of the spot market prices have gone down, but it=20 looks like it's primarily due to natural gas prices," said Jamie Fisfis,=20 spokesman for Assembly Republicans.=20 The slight reduction in spot market prices "underscores questions about the= =20 strategy of locking us into long-term contracts, if natural gas prices=20 continue to drop," Fisfis said.=20 Most of the long-term contracts run for 10 years, with one lasting for 20= =20 years.=20 "It's unfortunate that it looks like we'll never get out from under these= =20 contracts," Fisfis said.=20 Davis has already released details of the state's long-term power contracts= =20 after losing a court battle with Republican legislators and several news=20 organizations, including The Associated Press and The Copley Press, which= =20 publishes The San Diego Union-Tribune.=20 Davis released copies of those contracts, but wanted to delay the release o= f=20 the spot market buys and short-term contracts. Releasing those details too= =20 soon after the purchases would reveal the state's buying strategy and could= =20 cause generators to raise their already sky-high prices, Davis said.=20 The number of spot market buys will lessen, the Davis administration says, = as=20 more long-term contracts are signed, reducing the state's exposure to the= =20 high-priced purchases.=20 The governor's office will release future short-term contracts and spot=20 market buys will be released on a quarterly basis, with a 90-day lag time.= =20 Second quarter information will be released in October and third quarter=20 documents will be available in January.=20 Davis maintains the delay is needed to protect its ability to negotiate=20 further spot-market power buys.=20 According to the water department, Canadian Powerex, the marketing arm of B= C=20 Hydro, has been paid $1.05 billion for spot market purchases as of May 31.= =20 But Atlanta-based Mirant Corp. topped that list, getting $1.24 billion as o= f=20 the end of May.=20 The newly released short-term contracts also show what the state had to pay= =20 when it needed power the most.=20 On March 19 and 20, when rolling blackouts hit California again, the state= =20 was forced into paying above-average prices in its largest short-term=20 contracts.=20 For example, Mirant sold the state 650 megawatts an hour at off-peak usage= =20 times on March 20 for $345 a megawatt hour, more than $70 above the average= =20 price of $272.96.=20 The day before, Mirant charged $343 a megawatt hour at off-peak in northern= =20 California when the average cost was $254.52.=20 Also on March 19, Mirant charged the state about $96 above the average pric= e=20 for power in Northern California on a sale of 6,400 megawatt hours during= =20 off-peak times.=20 Other top-selling generators, as of May 31:=20 ?Sempra Cos., $429 million.=20 ?Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, $331 million.=20 ?Dynegy, $296 million.=20 ?TransAlta Energy, $202 million.=20 ?Bonneville Power, $168 million.=20 ?Duke Energy, $164 million.=20        State releases early spot market energy purchases=20       By Jennifer Coleman ASSOCIATED PRESS=20 July 10, 2001=20 SACRAMENTO =01) On three days in May, California's daily power allowance to= pped=20 $100 million, according to a report released Monday by state power traders.= =20 However, the source of those high prices was from not solely from Texas, ho= me=20 to many of the power marketers and wholesalers Gov. Gray Davis has blamed f= or=20 much of California's power woes.=20 Public and private power companies such as Canada's B.C. Hydro, the Los=20 Angeles Department of Water and Power and Sacramento's public utility also= =20 were high on the list.=20 The California Department of Water Resources released the report, along wit= h=20 1,770 pages of documents that also detailed the last-minute power purchases= =20 the state made on the spot market in the first three months of the year.=20 Last-minute power buys on the spot market typically get the most expensive= =20 electricity available.=20 The report details the department's electricity spending since Jan. 17, whe= n=20 the state took over electricity purchases for Pacific Gas & Electric Co., S= an=20 Diego Gas & Electric Co., and Southern California Edison.=20 The utilities had amassed billions in debts and were no longer creditworthy= =20 enough to purchase power. Since then, the state has spent nearly $8 billion= =20 to keep the lights on.=20 The state's daily spending peaked May 10 at $102.4 million. The=20 second-highest daily total was May 23, when the state spent $101.8 million.= =20 The day before, the state spent $100 million.=20 But since May, spot market prices have dropped, due in part to moderate=20 weather, lower natural gas prices, increased conservation which lowered=20 demand and because of increased scrutiny by lawmakers and investigators int= o=20 possible price manipulation. Gov. Gray Davis has said long-term contracts= =20 also drove the price down.=20 "It does look like some of the spot market prices have gone down, but it=20 looks like it's primarily due to natural gas prices," said Jamie Fisfis,=20 spokesman for Assembly Republicans.=20 The slight reduction in spot market prices "underscores questions about the= =20 strategy of locking us into long-term contracts, if natural gas prices=20 continue to drop," Fisfis said.=20 Most of the long-term contracts run for 10 years, with one lasting for 20= =20 years.=20 "It's unfortunate that it looks like we'll never get out from under these= =20 contracts," Fisfis said.=20 Davis has already released details of the state's long-term power contracts= =20 after losing a court battle with Republican legislators and several news=20 organizations, including The Associated Press, who said keeping the contrac= ts=20 veiled violated the state's open records law.=20 Davis released copies of those contracts, but wanted to delay the release o= f=20 the spot market buys and short-term contracts. Releasing those details too= =20 soon after the purchases would reveal the state's buying strategy and could= =20 cause generators to raise their already sky-high prices, Davis said.=20 The number of spot market buys will lessen, the Davis administration says, = as=20 more long-term contracts are signed, reducing the state's exposure to the= =20 high-priced purchases.=20 The governor's office will release future short-term contracts and spot=20 market buys will be released on a quarterly basis, with a 90-day lag time.= =20 Second quarter information will be released in October and third quarter=20 documents will be available in January.=20 Davis maintains DWR needs the delay to protect its ability to negotiate=20 further spot-market power buys.=20 According to the DWR, Canadian Powerex, the marketing arm of BC Hydro, has= =20 been paid $1.05 billion for spot market purchases as of May 31.=20 But Atlanta-based Mirant Corp. topped that list, getting $1.24 billion as o= f=20 the end of May.=20 The newly released short-term contracts also show what the state had to pay= =20 when it needed power the most.=20 On March 19 and 20, when rolling blackouts hit California again, the state= =20 was forced into paying above-average prices in its largest short-term=20 contracts.=20 For example, Mirant sold the state 650 megawatts an hour at off-peak usage= =20 times on March 20 for $345 a megawatt hour, more than $70 above the average= =20 price of $272.96. The day before, Mirant charged $343 a megawatt hour at=20 off-peak in northern California when the average cost was $254.52.=20 Also on March 19, Mirant charged the state about $96 above the average pric= e=20 for power in Northern California on a sale of 6,400 megawatt hours during= =20 off-peak times.=20 Other top selling generators, as of May 31:=20 =01) Sempra Companies, $429 million.=20 =01) Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, $331 million.=20 =01) Dynegy, $296 million.=20 =01) TransAlta Energy, $202 million.=20 =01) Bonneville Power, $168 million.=20 =01) Duke Energy, $164 million.=20          FERC Judge Says State Owed No More Than $1 Billion From Associated Press  July 9 2001  WASHINGTON -- California is owed no more than "a billion dollars" from powe= r=20 wholesalers, a federal regulatory judge said today at the end of 15 days of= =20 settlement talks in the state's electricity crisis.  Curtis Wagner, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's chief=20 administrative law judge, said that at the same time the power suppliers=20 probably are owed more than that.  The net effect of his preliminary recommendation is that California probabl= y=20 will receive no refunds from wholesalers.  Wagner said power generators had offered $761 million in refunds. The state= =20 has asked for $8.9 billion since May 2000. Wagner said he will not recommen= d=20 refunds for power sales that occurred before Oct. 2.  It was not immediately clear what impact the judge's preliminary=20 recommendation would have on efforts to settle the dispute.  Both sides said before the judge's announcement that they expected a=20 protracted legal battle in the event the talks did not produce a settlement= .  Michael Kahn, Gov. Gray Davis's representative in the talks, has said the= =20 state would seek more than twice the claimed overcharges if the dispute mov= ed=20 from mediated talks to a courtroom.  The producers reiterated today that California's numbers are grossly=20 inflated. Attorneys for the five major generators-- Duke Energy, Dynegy,=20 Mirant, Reliant Energy and the Williams Cos.-- said in a statement that the= y=20 have made a "very substantial global settlement offer."  John H. Stout, a senior vice president for Reliant Energy, said his company= =20 would agree to no more than $50 million in refunds, as part of an overall= =20 settlement that also would have to include protection from additional legal= =20 claims.  But Stout also said, "Reliant's fundamental position has been and remains= =20 that no refunds are justified."  FERC ordered the talks last month in an effort to resolve differences betwe= en=20 producers and the state over the breakdown of California's deregulated=20 electricity market.  The state has accused the producers of manipulating supply to unfairly driv= e=20 up prices. The producers have acknowledged that prices are high, but blame= =20 jumps in the price of natural gas, which fuels many power plants, and the= =20 workings of the free market.  The bill for wholesale power in California soared to $27 billion last year= =20 from $7 billion the year before. Davis has estimated that the state could= =20 spend as much as $50 billion this year.  ----  On the Net:  Federal Energy Regulatory Commission: http://www.ferc.fed.us/=20 Copyright 2001, Los Angeles Times=20     Electricity Cost Data Spread the Blame Power: Many suppliers charged more than the firms that Davis has pilloried,= =20 records show. RICH CONNELL and ROBERT J. LOPEZ and DOUG SMITHS TIMES STAFF WRITER  July 10 2001  SACRAMENTO -- California's energy meltdown involves a far more diverse grou= p=20 of wholesale electricity merchants than suggested by Gov. Gray Davis, who h= as=20 aggressively blamed a handful of Texas companies, state records show.  During the first three months of this year--one of the worst stretches of= =20 power shortages during the crisis--an assortment of public and private=20 entities charged the state prices averaging well above some of those paid t= o=20 Texas firms, according to documents released to The Times on Monday by the= =20 Department of Water Resources, which now buys power for California.  Among those setting and collecting some of the highest average prices per= =20 megawatt-hour were a Canadian public utility, a subsidiary of San Diego Gas= &=20 Electric's parent company, and the Los Angeles Department of Water and Powe= r,=20 the report shows. Their average prices ranged from $498 a megawatt-hour=20 charged by Powerex, the trading arm of British Columbia's BC Hydro, to $292= =20 an hour by the DWP. In fact, some of the biggest private power companies=20 singled out for criticism by Davis and other state officials--Dynegy Inc.,= =20 Duke Energy and Mirant--charged less than the average prices the state paid= =20 for the period. Those companies' average prices ranged from $146 to $240 pe= r=20 megawatt-hour, according to an analysis of the documents.  The figures cover the various types of spot and longer-term power purchased= =20 by the state during three months that included rolling blackouts and more= =20 than a month of razor-thin reserves, leading to continuous power emergencie= s.  Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said the governor has directed his sharpest= =20 barbs at private out-of-state generators because, in general, they have=20 reaped the highest profits over the longest period.  "You have to look at the whole picture," Maviglio said.  "The governor was expressing his displeasure with the arrogance of the=20 generators who wear cowboy hats," he said. "Their profits were 100% to 400%= =20 above last year. . . . Just because there are other entities who are chargi= ng=20 us more [per megawatt-hour] doesn't change the fact that we are getting=20 ripped off by companies from Houston, Tulsa, Atlanta or Charlotte."  The report by the Department of Water Resources was provided to The Times o= n=20 the same day the state released 1,700 pages of documents on California's=20 electricity purchases on the volatile spot market for the year's first=20 quarter.  The records detail how the state spent nearly $8 billion buying power in th= e=20 first five months of the year, and underscore the complexity of the state's= =20 energy problem. They also show that patterns of high prices are not limited= =20 to a few generators.  Oscar Hidalgo, a spokesman for the water resources agency, said that the=20 reports together show that prices were extremely volatile early in the year= .=20 "All the prices were high," he said, noting the downward trend in costs sin= ce=20 his agency began buying power in mid-January.  The average price per megawatt-hour for all state purchases went from $316 = in=20 January to $243 in May. Spot prices fell from an average of $321 per hour t= o=20 $271, the reports show.  In the first quarter of the year, some public entities' prices far exceeded= =20 those of the biggest private companies. For example, Houston-based Enron, o= ne=20 of the nation's biggest power traders, charged an average of $181 per=20 megawatt-hour. And Atlanta-based Mirant, which sold the most to the state, = a=20 total of $706 million, charged an average of $225 per megawatt-hour.  By contrast, a Calgary, Canada, firm, TransAlta Energy, averaged $335 a=20 megawatt-hour, and the Sacramento Municipal Utility District had average=20 charges of $330 per megawatt-hour.  A spokesman for Enron, Mark Palmer, said recently that the "vilification of= =20 Enron was based on politics, not facts." Spokesmen for BC Hydro could not b= e=20 reached late Monday to comment on its huge sales to the state. In the past,= =20 the utility has defended its pricing practices, saying it has offered=20 last-minute hydroelectric power that helped keep California's lights on.  A spokeswoman for Sempra, the parent company of San Diego Gas & Electric,= =20 said late Monday the company was unable to comment because it had yet to se= e=20 the figures released by the state. Officials at DWP, who could not be reach= ed=20 Monday evening, have defended their pricing, saying the costs of producing= =20 the power needed by the state were extremely high.  More Power Bought Than Projected  Hidalgo, of the Department of Water Resources, said his agency's efforts,= =20 coupled with conservation by business and consumers and falling natural gas= =20 prices, have begun to tame the state's market.  Still, the state had to purchase $321 million in power in April and May,=20 about 10% more than Davis' analysts had projected.  Hidlago said that was because of hot weather in May and other supply proble= ms=20 in April. He said reports will show that power purchases fell short of stat= e=20 projections in June and early July.  The reports also will show that prices paid by the state were down in June= =20 and July, partly because spot prices have fallen sharply, often to well und= er=20 $100 a megawatt-hour.  A summary Department of Water Resources report released Monday credited=20 Davis' program of nurturing new power generation and establishing long-term= =20 power contracts with with "moving the California electric energy industry= =20 closer to normalcy."=20 Copyright 2001, Los Angeles Times=20     Duke Energy Asked to Allow Release of Data Power: Senator says the generator is refusing to make public some informati= on=20 crucial to the price-gouging probe. Firm says it's complying. CARL INGRAM TIMES STAFF WRITER  July 10 2001  SACRAMENTO -- The chairman of a Senate committee probing suspected price=20 gouging during the California energy crisis charged Monday that Duke Energy= =20 is refusing to allow him to make public information key to his investigatio= n.  Sen. Joe Dunn (D-Santa Ana) said Duke has made the price bidding informatio= n=20 from its Chula Vista plant available to committee members and staffers. But= =20 under a federal confidentiality rule, the data cannot be made public withou= t=20 Duke's consent.  The documents concern the Chula Vista plant, which former employees have=20 alleged was ramped up and down to drive up power prices during three days i= n=20 January. However, state records show that the agency overseeing the=20 electricity grid ordered those gyrations to keep the power flowing througho= ut=20 the state. Dunn said Duke's refusal thwarts the committee's investigation a= nd=20 efforts to enact possible remedial legislation because the confidential=20 information cannot be shared with others in the Legislature or the public.  Dunn said Duke cited a rule of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission tha= t=20 gives the company the authority to decide which records it makes public and= =20 which stay secret.  "The only one who can release the data is Duke. We agreed to be bound by wh= at=20 is provided in the FERC tariff, nothing more or less," he said.  Former Employees Tell of Maneuvers  Dunn noted that the committee is considering trying to obtain the informati= on=20 elsewhere and "release it over Duke's objections."  Three former workers at the Duke plant near Chula Vista testified last mont= h=20 under oath that the plant, among other things, was ramped up and down in wh= at=20 seemed to be an effort to maximize revenue during the Jan. 16-18 emergency.  But Duke countered immediately that it had merely obeyed orders of the=20 California Independent System Operator, which keeps the state's electricity= =20 grid in balance. Duke later provided Cal-ISO documents backing up its=20 explanation.  Duke executives insisted that the former employees failed to provide a full= =20 picture of the plant's operation during the three days.  But Dunn, chairman of the select Senate committee on alleged price gouging,= =20 said Monday that by refusing to authorize release of all the subpoenaed dat= a,=20 Duke was guilty of the same tactics.  "Duke is trying to draw the impression that it has [provided] the full=20 picture. But they are fully aware that we cannot draw any final conclusions= =20 until all that data has been released. That hasn't occurred," Dunn said.  To make a determination whether the Chula Vista power was withheld to drive= =20 up prices, Dunn said, the committee must publicly examine "the bids Duke=20 submitted from which the ISO issued orders to the plant." They include the= =20 expensive hour-ahead and day-ahead markets, he said.  Duke, a North Carolina-based wholesaler that operates several plants in=20 California, noted that it considers the information proprietary and=20 off-limits to legislators not on the committee.  Duke spokesman Tom Williams insisted that the generator is attempting to=20 comply with the committee's demands. But he was unable to say whether Duke= =20 would agree to make the bidding documents public along with other records t= he=20 committee plans to turn over.  "We are complying now," Williams said. "There is some suggestion that we ar= e=20 leaving stuff out when we have not had a chance to testify. . . . I don't= =20 know what we are ultimately going to do."  The committee had threatened to cite eight wholesale generators unless they= =20 provide pricing and bidding documents by Wednesday. Six, including Duke, ha= ve=20 said they would comply to avoid a contempt citation. Two, Enron and Mirant,= =20 were cited.  Dunn said the committee on Wednesday likely will give companies that are=20 trying to comply an extra week to do so, but others probably will be formal= ly=20 charged with contempt in a report to the full Senate. The upper house is th= e=20 final arbiter of such issues.  Although there is scant precedent for levying penalties against those cited= =20 for contempt, Dunn said he favors imposing severe fines. In 1929, the most= =20 recent case, a cement company executive was sent to jail.=20 Copyright 2001, Los Angeles Times=20      NEWS ANALYSIS Concern Over Price of Long-Term Power Pacts Grows Embedded costs may yield more rate hikes, critics say, and the $43-billion= =20 total could complicate plans to rescue Edison. DAN MORAIN TIMES STAFF WRITER  July 9 2001  SACRAMENTO -- Even as the summer progresses without blackouts, and Gov. Gra= y=20 Davis prepares for yet another news conference today to symbolically switch= =20 on a new power plant, the work in the Capitol has shifted to the seemingly= =20 more daunting task of balancing the books.  It's a task with potentially far more long-lasting implications for state= =20 coffers, for businesses' bottom lines and for consumers' wallets.  In particular, long-term power contracts trumpeted by the governor's office= =20 as helping to bring stability to California's out-of-control electricity=20 market are having the opposite effect politically. A growing concern about= =20 the $43-billion price tag of the contracts is complicating one of Davis' mo= st=20 ambitious energy initiatives: a proposed financial rescue of Southern=20 California Edison, which already faces an uncertain fate in the Legislature= .=20 Questions about the contracts come as California readies a complex=20 $13.4-billion bond sale to reimburse the state's general fund for other pow= er=20 purchases.  Critics worry that costs embedded in the contracts, on top of the billions= =20 needed to pay for the Edison rescue, could lead to additional electricity= =20 rate hikes for consumers. Key lawmakers, consumer advocates and business=20 lobbyists are urging that at least some of the pacts be renegotiated.  Citing a recent plunge in wholesale energy costs, these critics say the sta= te=20 should work to shorten the duration of the contracts and lower some of the= =20 prices. They argue that the state entered into the deals under duress after= =20 California's utilities neared insolvency and the state Department of Water= =20 Resources took over the purchasing of electricity for more than 25 million= =20 residents.  "They are vulnerable," Senate Energy Committee Chairwoman Debra Bowen=20 (D-Marina del Rey) said of deals the state struck with independent power=20 companies when prices were at record highs.  Bowen lauds Davis administration negotiators for signing "the best deals th= ey=20 could." But she said that in the crisis atmosphere in which the negotiation= s=20 took place, "the state had two cards and the generators had 50."  Contracts Open to Challenges  The contracts could be challenged in court or, more immediately, before the= =20 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in Washington. There, an administrativ= e=20 law judge could direct that the pacts be reworked as part of a settlement o= f=20 allegations by Davis that generators overcharged the state for electricity = by=20 $8.9 billion.  "We ought not to say, 'Fine, the contracts were the best we could do,' "=20 Bowen said.  For his part, Davis says he is willing to accept partial payment of the $8.= 9=20 billion in the form of contracts with terms more favorable to the state. He= =20 attributes the recent sharp drop in wholesale electricity prices to=20 conservation, the administration's effort to increase power supply and--a= =20 major factor--the long-term contracts, which slashed the state's reliance o= n=20 the volatile daily, or spot, market.  "You can see the value of these long-term contracts . . . dramatically=20 shrinking our overall price, which is what matters to Californians," Davis= =20 said, pointing out that the average cost of power plunged 30% from May to= =20 June.  Davis energy advisor S. David Freeman, who helped negotiate the contracts,= =20 said they may end up costing less than $43 billion, given the recent declin= e=20 in prices for natural gas, the main fuel for California's=20 electricity-generating plants.  Freeman also compared critics to someone who calls the fire department to= =20 douse a blaze. "After the fire is out," he said, "you complain about the=20 water damage."  The contracts have other defenders, among them UC Berkeley economics=20 professor Severin Borenstein, who says the deals helped to tame the volatil= e=20 spot market by reducing generators' incentive to drive up prices, while=20 reducing the state's exposure to wild swings in price.  "The point of signing long-term contracts is not to get a great price; it's= =20 to reduce risk," Borenstein said.  Still, experts have been picking through the pacts ever since a Superior=20 Court judge in San Diego, ruling in a California Public Records Act lawsuit= =20 by news organizations and Republican lawmakers, ordered last month that Dav= is=20 unseal the contracts.  An analysis done for the Assembly by three experts--one each representing= =20 Southern California Edison; the Utility Reform Network, a consumer group; a= nd=20 large electricity consumers--concluded that the about $43-billion price tag= =20 announced by the administration may not account for all the costs. When oth= er=20 expenses are factored in--ranging from environmental equipment upgrades to= =20 any new energy-related taxes--the contracts could cost an additional 10% to= =20 20%.  "Once the contracts were made public," Senate Republican leader Jim Brulte = of=20 Rancho Cucamonga said, "just about anyone who can read began calling for=20 those contracts to be renegotiated."  As buyers' remorse spreads through the Capitol, the contracts increasingly= =20 are seen as a hurdle--or a bargaining chip--as Davis and lawmakers confront= =20 fast-approaching deadlines in their effort to prevent the energy crisis fro= m=20 morphing into a broader financial crisis.  A bill pushed by Davis to avert bankruptcy for the financially hobbled=20 Southern California Edison must be approved by Aug. 15. The deadline could = be=20 tighter, because the Legislature is scheduled to adjourn for a monthlong=20 break July 20.  Davis' rescue plan, along with legislative alternatives, languishes in the= =20 Legislature. The plan, which has little apparent support, would require the= =20 state to buy Edison's system of transmission lines for $2.76 billion and=20 permit the utility to charge ratepayers for the rest of its back debt of $3= .5=20 billion.  Some lobbyists and lawmakers believe that the electricity rate hike approve= d=20 in March by the California Public Utilities Commission--at 3 cents a=20 kilowatt-hour the largest in state history--may not be enough. The revenue= =20 generated under the new rate structure must cover the costs of the long-ter= m=20 power contracts and repay the planned $13.4 billion in bonds, which would b= e=20 the largest municipal deal ever.  Whether there would be sufficient money left to pay for the Edison rescue= =20 remains to be seen. But some experts say the utility may need to seek a=20 separate rate hike to cover its costs.  As written, the contracts have few escape clauses; Davis cannot simply walk= =20 away from them if he concludes that prices are too high. Still, criticism= =20 persists and crosses political lines.  Harry Snyder, longtime Sacramento lobbyist for Consumers Union, and Jack=20 Stewart, president of the California Manufacturers and Technology Assn.,=20 rarely find themselves on the same side of a debate. But in separate=20 interviews, they sounded similar themes.  "If there is a way to buy our way out of these contracts, even if we have t= o=20 pay damages, we'd be better off in the long run," Snyder said.  Stewart, like other business leaders, does not advocate abrogating the=20 contracts. But like many familiar with the terms, he hopes that some deals= =20 can be renegotiated.  "They are problematic," he said.  In a move that critics fear could lock in high electricity prices for the= =20 next decade, the Davis administration is pushing the PUC to agree within a= =20 month to limit its authority to question costs incurred by the Department o= f=20 Water Resources as it goes about procuring power.  State Treasurer Phil Angelides said the PUC must act so he can complete the= =20 $13.4-billion bond sale. A binding agreement is necessary so that Wall Stre= et=20 investors can be assured that they will be repaid.  "The state will be out of cash by the end of the year without the bond sale= ,"=20 he said. "We will move toward fiscal insolvency."  The so-called rate agreement, a draft of which was obtained by The Times,= =20 would bind customers of the three big regulated utilities to pay more than= =20 just the principal and interest on the $13.4 billion in bonds. Consumers=20 would have to pay for consultants, lawyers, to pay taxes, fees and other=20 as-yet-undefined charges that may be incurred by the Department of Water=20 Resources.  Additionally, the PUC would be obligated to approve payments for programs b= y=20 which the state would pay large and small customers to cut electricity use,= =20 although the Legislature has not approved the programs and their details=20 remain to be worked out. The Department of Water Resources estimates the co= st=20 to be $800 million, spread over this year and next.  "It is loaded up," Senate President Pro Tem John Burton (D-San Francisco)= =20 said of the proposed rate deal, adding that it would require the commission= =20 to "raise rates to cover whatever the Department of Water Resources decides= =20 to do."  "That is giving a blank check to some bureaucratic office," he said.  'Dictatorial Power' Warning  Stewart of the manufacturers group also is alarmed by the plan, saying it= =20 would provide the water agency with "dictatorial power."  "As skeptical as we are of the PUC process, at least there is a process,"= =20 Stewart said, referring to the commission's procedures to set electricity= =20 rates. "There is no process for DWR. DWR just tells the PUC, 'This is what = we=20 need,' and the PUC must approve it."  Others say the rate agreement is a standard piece of work, given the=20 extraordinary step the Legislature took in January when it authorized the= =20 Department of Water Resources to buy power for utilities that had fallen so= =20 deeply into debt that they could no longer carry out their obligation to=20 consumers.  In essence, Davis energy advisor Freeman said, lawmakers in January created= =20 "the equivalent of a public power purchasing agency" beyond the jurisdictio= n=20 of the PUC.  "There is no public power agency in California that is reviewed by the PUC,= "=20 said Freeman, former head of the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power.  *  Times staff writer Nancy Rivera Brooks in Los Angeles contributed to this= =20 story.=20 Copyright 2001, Los Angeles Times=20      State's refund demand rejected=20 Judge ends rebate talks, rebukes $9 billion claim=20 Zachary Coile, Christian Berthelsen, Chronicle Staff Writers Tuesday, July 10, 2001=20 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle=20 URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=3D/c/a/2001/07/10/MN117914= .DTL=20 Washington -- An administrative law judge, delivering a powerful message to= =20 Gov. Gray Davis and California energy officials, cast aside the state's cla= im=20 that it is owed $8.9 billion in electricity overcharges by generators and= =20 called for further hearings to determine "hard numbers."=20 The judge, ending talks designed to settle the dispute between California a= nd=20 power sellers, said the state and its cash-strapped utilities may owe more = in=20 unpaid electricity bills than they are owed for overcharges by the=20 generators.=20 The comments by Federal Energy Regulatory Commission chief administrative l= aw=20 Judge Curtis L. Wagner, although a strong endorsement of the generators'=20 position, seemed to indicate that neither side wanted to settle the issue= =20 before it reached the five-member regulatory commission.=20 "There are refunds due (to California) that total hundreds of millions of= =20 dollars and maybe a billion dollars," Wagner said yesterday.=20 "At the same time, there are sums due to sellers from the California=20 Independent System Operator and the investor-owned utilities in the state o= f=20 California that probably are higher than any overcharges that (the state) m= ay=20 come up with."=20 Now, it will be up to the federal regulators to settle the case. But the=20 recommendations by Wagner, who mediated the talks, carry significant weight= =20 with the commission and cast doubt on the state's chances of collecting the= =20 full $8.9 billion it claims to be owed.=20 The judge said he will recommend that the commission order new hearings to= =20 calculate what the state and the power sellers are each owed. The hearings= =20 would be overseen by an administrative law judge and would last 45 to 60=20 days, Wagner said.=20 CLOSING SESSION Wagner made his comments in the closing session of the 15-day talks, which= =20 were ordered last month by the regulatory commission to try to defuse the= =20 dispute between power wholesalers and California officials before it reache= d=20 the courts.=20 The judge's message was a sharp rebuke to the unyielding stand by Californi= a=20 leaders -- especially Davis, who last week said he wouldn't take a dime les= s=20 than $8.9 billion for California's consumers.=20 The governor issued a statement shortly after the close of talks insisting= =20 that California had won its basic case that the state is owed refunds.=20 "I am pleased that Judge Wagner accepted our methodology for calculating=20 refunds and rejected the generators' position that no refunds are due," Dav= is=20 said.=20 The governor's chief representative at the talks, Michael Kahn, called the= =20 judge's statement a "ringing endorsement" of the state's call for refunds.= =20 Kahn said the judge's order would improve the state's legal position if it= =20 files suit against power sellers.=20 GENERATORS FAVORED But much of the judge's order seemed to favor the generators.=20 For example, state officials have made the case they should be refunded $8.= 9=20 billion for alleged overcharges from May 2000 to May 2001 -- even though th= e=20 regulatory commission has said only that the period starting Oct. 2, 2000= =20 could be considered.=20 The judge said yesterday that he would stick with the October date, meaning= =20 that more than a third of the state's claim -- at least $3 billion -- would= =20 not be refunded by the commission.=20 Brent Bailey, vice president and general counsel of Duke Energy North=20 America, said that under Wagner's guidelines, the state may be eligible for= =20 $1 billion to $1.5 billion.=20 "Certainly to the extent that it helped refute what California has been=20 saying, it's a victory," Bailey said of the judge's statement.=20 But Davis said the nation's big power sellers never came to the table with = a=20 serious offer.=20 "Not surprisingly, the energy pirates that bilked ratepayers out of billion= s=20 of dollars stonewalled and refused to negotiate in good faith," Davis said.= =20 $716 MILLION OFFER=20 Wagner disclosed yesterday that the generators had made an offer to=20 California: $716 million in refunds.=20 The judge said the figure included about $510 million from the so-called Bi= g=20 Five generators, as well as $125 million from BC Hydro's Powerex, $49.6=20 million by a group of 15 electricity marketers, $16.5 million by six=20 California municipal utilities and $25 million offered by other out-of-stat= e=20 power sellers.=20 California officials say it was not a legitimate offer because it included = no=20 cash. It was simply an agreement by the companies to wipe some of the state= 's=20 debt off the books.=20 Throughout the talks, generators complained that the California team was=20 trying to shield some California companies and government power providers= =20 from having to pay any refunds, and trying to disproportionately extract su= ms=20 from out-of-state power companies.=20 FAVORITISM CHARGED According to documents and interviews, the state attempted to remove Pacifi= c=20 Gas and Electric Co., Southern California Edison, San Diego Gas & Electric.= ,=20 the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power and other government power=20 suppliers from the group from which it was asking for refunds, even though= =20 they were paid the same high rates for power as everyone else.=20 Representatives for the power sellers said they believe that Davis made a= =20 political decision to demagogue the companies while refusing to compromise = on=20 the state's claims. They say the governor calculated that his reputation=20 would be enhanced by continuing to attack the generators.=20 "The California delegation did not come into these talks with any willingne= ss=20 to compromise," said Mark Stultz, vice president of the Electric Power Supp= ly=20 Association, a Washington, D.C., trade group. "They went in with a dollar= =20 figure and never budged on that figure. If you're looking for a settlement,= =20 you have to be willing to compromise."=20 Up next 1. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission will consider, probably= =20 on July 25,=20 new hearings on how much, if anything, California was overcharged. 2. If=20 ordered by the commission, an administrative law judge will take testimony = on=20 how much the state says it was overcharged and how much generators say they= =20 are owed. 3. Regulators will rule based on the judge's recommendation. If t= he=20 parties disagree, they can go to court.=20 E-mail the writers at zcoile@sfchronicle.com. and cberthelsen@sfchronicle.c= om ., Zachary Coile reported from Washington, D.C., and Christian Berthelsen i= n=20 San Francisco.=20 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 1=20     Davis opens another new power plant=20 Pittsburg facility will generate 555 megawatts=20 Bernadette Tansey, Chronicle Staff Writer Tuesday, July 10, 2001=20 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle=20 URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=3D/c/a/2001/07/10/MN175828= .DTL=20  Pittsburg -- Workers were still scraping wet concrete on support columns as= =20 Gov. Gray Davis celebrated the startup of a new power plant in Pittsburg=20 yesterday -- the latest in a string of openings Davis hopes will help=20 California "build its way" out of the energy crisis. The state rushed to=20 throw as many megawatts on line as it could when it looked like the summer= =20 would feature regular blackouts, and yesterday the governor said it was=20 paying off.=20 "This is the third plant I've helped open in the last 13 days," Davis said,= =20 pumping his fist as the Calpine Corp. plant belched an impressive burst of= =20 steam. "In the past 13 days, we've put more power on the grid than Californ= ia=20 did throughout the 1990s."=20 The 555-megawatt Los Medanos Energy Center and the Sutter Energy Center tha= t=20 Calpine opened in Yuba City last week bring a total of 1,115 megawatts=20 online. Last month, Davis threw the switch on a Bakersfield plant that open= ed=20 more than a month ahead of schedule.=20 Davis used yesterday's event to blast out-of-state generators that he=20 maintains have gouged the state for electricity. Yet he lauded San Jose-bas= ed=20 Calpine as a sort of energy favorite son.=20 "They were the first to enter long-term contracts with us," the governor=20 said. Calpine is among the big energy firms being pressed by the state to= =20 issue refunds for what the governor insists were overcharges, but unlike th= e=20 others, Davis said, Calpine is giving ground in negotiations.=20 "They likely will be the first to enter into settlements with us," he said.= =20 Although the Los Medanos plant is one of a generation of efficient new gas-= =20 fired plants that will be as much as 40 percent cheaper to run than their= =20 forebears, the state will be paying well above current market rates for the= =20 first three months of its contract with Calpine.=20 Calpine President Peter Cartwright insisted, however, that the company is n= ot=20 making excess profits off the deal. To ensure that Calpine could provide th= e=20 electricity even if plant construction wasn't finished by its mid-July targ= et=20 date, the company bought the needed power from other energy traders at $232= a=20 megawatt hour when market rates were higher, he said.=20 In addition to the 300 megawatts it has pledged to the state, Calpine will= =20 supply electricity to the Sacramento Municipal Utility District and other= =20 power agencies.=20 In the long term, Calpine will be selling power to California at $59 a=20 megawatt hour, Cartwright said.=20 A spokesman for the state Department of Water Resources, which started buyi= ng=20 power in January after state utilities buckled under high prices, said=20 Calpine's rate is well below the $70 a megawatt hour the state is aiming fo= r=20 as an average price for the long-term contracts.=20 Cartwright said that with its recently opened plants, along with an 875-=20 megawatt facility it plans to open in Pittsburg next May, the company is=20 doing its share to ease the state's supply crunch.=20 "Ours are the lowest contracts in the state," he said. "If these plants=20 weren't online, we'd be having blackouts."=20 A spokeswoman from the state agency that manages the power grid said=20 California is skating so close to blackouts that "every megawatt counts."= =20 "It's definitely making a difference and it will continue to do so over the= =20 summer," said Lorie O'Donley, a spokeswoman for the Independent System=20 Operator.=20 E-mail Bernadette Tansey at btansey@sfchronicle.com.=20 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 11=20      California rejects B.C. Hydro $125 million settlement=20  Tuesday, July 10, 2001=20 ,2001 Associated Press=20 URL:=20 http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=3D/news/archive/2001/07/10/s= tate0 321EDT0105.DTL=20 (07-10) 00:21 PDT VANCOUVER, British Columbia (AP) --=20 California has rejected an offer by B.C. Hydro's power trading subsidiary t= o=20 refund $125 million to settle the state's allegations that it was overcharg= ed=20 by the Canadian power company.=20 The dispute will now be resolved by U.S. judicial and regulatory authoritie= s.=20 The offer from Hydro's Powerex subsidiary came during 15 days of settlement= =20 talks between power generators and distributors, California and other weste= rn=20 states.=20 The talks, initiated by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, which=20 regulates cross-border power sales in the United States, concluded Monday= =20 evening without resolution.=20 Hydro spokeswoman Elisha Odowichuk said that under the offer, the Crown=20 corporation would have been subtracted $125 million from the $290 million= =20 California still owes British Columbia for power sales.=20 The $125 million was Powerex's first offer and it did not change through th= e=20 negotiations, she said. The company put conditions on that refund figure, b= ut=20 Odowichuk would not say what those conditions were.=20 California has charged that Powerex gouged it by more than $430 million.=20 Odowichuk said Hydro had to join the settlement talks to preserve its=20 otherwise lucrative power trading relationship with California.=20 Electricity imports and exports statistics compiled by Canada's National=20 Energy Board show Powerex exported more than $900 million worth of energy= =20 from January to April.=20 The average cost of that power was $661.56 a megawatt hour.=20 Prices have dropped to around $140 a megawatt hour since the regulatory=20 commission instituted price caps on June 19.=20 ,2001 Associated Press ?=20      Davis' criticism of Texas misdirected, report finds=20 Lynda Gledhill, Mark Martin, Chronicle Staff Writers Tuesday, July 10, 2001=20 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle=20 URL:=20 http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=3D/chronicle/archive/2001/07= /10/M N48875.DTL=20 Sacramento -- Texas-based electricity generators have received the brunt of= =20 criticism from Gov. Gray Davis for gouging California during the power=20 crisis, but financial information released yesterday shows the lion's share= =20 of the money went elsewhere.=20 Companies with headquarters in Texas garnered less than 10 percent of=20 California's multibillion-dollar energy purchases, while public and private= =20 energy companies from Canada to Georgia to California got the rest.=20 The $424 million that went to Texas companies may still be more than the=20 state should have been charged, and administration officials are attempting= =20 to get refunds from a host of companies, both in and out of Texas.=20 Earlier this year, Davis lambasted the Bush administration for not acting= =20 against power firms in his home state. "What's going on here, pure and=20 simple, is unconscionable price-gouging by the big energy producers -- most= =20 of them, incidentally, located in Texas," he said in May.=20 Yesterday, a spokesman for the governor broadened the verbal assault, sayin= g=20 the Texas firms are representative of the many other out-of-state generator= s=20 who have also gouged California.=20 "Anywhere they wear cowboy hats, they probably have handkerchiefs across=20 their face because they are robbing us blind," said Steve Maviglio, Davis'= =20 spokesman.=20 The latest financial information is contained in a report by the state=20 Department of Water Resources detailing $7.2 billion in power purchases fro= m=20 Jan. 17 through the end of May.=20 About $5.2 billion of that was spent on the spot market where power buys ar= e=20 made a day, hour or even a few minutes before the electricity is actually= =20 used.=20 Because the spot purchases are made with little notice, they are the most= =20 expensive kind of power on the market. The state was forced to step in and= =20 buy the power when the credit ratings of California's major utilities dropp= ed=20 as the energy crisis worsened. The crisis was caused by a series of events= =20 that forced the utilities to pay more for electricity than they could recov= er=20 from customers.=20 The numbers released yesterday show that Texas companies weren't alone in= =20 receiving a share of the energy crisis pie. Some $1.2 billion went to Miran= t,=20 an Atlanta-based company. Mirant has refused to turn over documents=20 subpoenaed by the state Legislature as part of its investigation into alleg= ed=20 market manipulation. Mirant could face contempt proceedings.=20 Municipal generators have also fared well during the energy crisis. Powerex= ,=20 a wholly owned power marketing subsidiary of Vancouver-based BC Hydro,=20 received $1 billion from the state for spot market electricity.=20 The Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, which Davis said charged=20 higher average spot market prices than some generators, received $331=20 million.=20 E-mail Lynda Gledhill at lgledhill@sfchronicle.com.=20 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 9=20      Developments in California's energy crisis=20 The Associated Press Tuesday, July 10, 2001=20 ,2001 Associated Press=20 URL:=20 http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=3D/news/archive/2001/07/10/s= tate1 041EDT0134.DTL=20 (07-10) 07:41 PDT (AP) --=20 Developments in California's energy crisis:=20 TUESDAY=3D * No power alerts Tuesday as electricity reserves stay above 7 percent.=20 MONDAY=3D * A Federal Energy Regulatory Commission administrative law judge says that= =20 California is entitled to no more than $1 billion in refunds for excessive= =20 energy costs. Gov. Gray Davis had been seeking $8.9 billion for overcharges= .=20 * The Department of Water and Power releases 1,770 pages of documents=20 detailing the state's spot market power purchases in the first quarter of t= he=20 year. DWR also releases a report showing that the state's daily power buys= =20 topped $100 million on three days in May.=20 The DWR report says the energy companies that were paid the most by the sta= te=20 for last-minute power were: Mirant Corp., which was paid $1.24 billion as o= f=20 the end of May; Canada-based Powerex, $1.05 billion; and Sempra Companies,= =20 $429 million.=20 * Davis ceremonially switches on the largest licensed power plant to come= =20 online this year, Calpine's 559-megawatt Los Medanos Energy Center in=20 Pittsburg.=20 * No power alerts as electricity reserves stay above 7 percent.=20 * Shares of Edison International closed at $14, up 69 cents. PG&E Corp. ros= e=20 65 cents to close at $14.10. Sempra Energy, the parent company of San Diego= =20 Gas & Electric Co., closed at $27.52, down 21 cents.=20 WHAT'S NEXT=3D * U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Dennis Montali decides Tuesday whether millions of= =20 Pacific Gas and Electric Co. ratepayers can form their own creditors'=20 committee to represent them in the utility's bankruptcy proceeding.=20 * The Senate committee investigating possible price manipulation in=20 California's energy market meets Wednesday. The committee will vote on=20 contempt citations against generators Mirant and Enron, which failed to=20 comply with subpoenas for documents. The committee will meet again July 18 = to=20 consider compliance by six other suppliers that have until Tuesday to turn= =20 over documents.=20 THE PROBLEM: High demand, high wholesale energy costs, transmission glitches and a tight= =20 supply worsened by scarce hydroelectric power in the Northwest and=20 maintenance at aging California power plants are all factors in California'= s=20 electricity crisis.=20 Southern California Edison and Pacific Gas and Electric say they've lost=20 nearly $14 billion since June 2000 to high wholesale prices the state's=20 electricity deregulation law bars them from passing on to consumers. PG&E,= =20 saying it hasn't received the help it needs from regulators or state=20 lawmakers, filed for federal bankruptcy protection April 6. Electricity and= =20 natural gas suppliers, scared off by the companies' poor credit ratings, ar= e=20 refusing to sell to them, leading the state in January to start buying powe= r=20 for the utilities' nearly 9 million residential and business customers. The= =20 state is also buying power for a third investor-owned utility, San Diego Ga= s=20 & Electric, which is in better financial shape than much larger Edison and= =20 PG&E but is also struggling with high wholesale power costs.=20 The Public Utilities Commission has approved average rate increases of 37= =20 percent for the heaviest residential customers and 38 percent for commercia= l=20 customers, and hikes of up to 49 percent for industrial customers and 15=20 percent or 20 percent for agricultural customers to help finance the state'= s=20 multibillion-dollar power buys.=20 Track the state's blackout warnings on the Web at=20 www.caiso.com/SystemStatus.html.=20 ,2001 Associated Press ?=20     Energy talks reach no settlement; state threatens suit=20 MARK SHERMAN, Associated Press Writer Tuesday, July 10, 2001=20 ,2001 Associated Press=20 URL:=20 http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=3D/news/archive/2001/07/10/s= tate0 400EDT7473.DTL=20 (07-10) 01:00 PDT WASHINGTON (AP) --=20 With talks between the state and power generators stalled, California may g= o=20 to court to help win the $8.9 billion state officials believe it was=20 overcharged for electricity.=20 "I think we have demonstrated very clearly both to the FERC and to the judg= e=20 that the state is owed $8.9 billion and will settle for nothing less," said= =20 Roger Salazar, a spokesman for Gov. Gray Davis.=20 With negotiations at an impasse, the administrative law judge for the Feder= al=20 Energy Regulatory Commission said California is probably owed no more than = $1=20 billion in refunds.=20 "The numbers were too far apart," said Curtis Wagner, the FERC chief=20 administrative law judge.=20 California, Wagner said, may receive nothing at all, because generators may= =20 be owed more than they have to return for any overcharges.=20 He placed the refunds owed the state at between $716 million and $1 billion= .=20 Power providers had offered $716 million as part of an overall settlement,= =20 while California state officials sought $8.9 billion, Wagner said.=20 He said California officials had not made the case for $8.9 billion in=20 refunds.=20 Salazar, however, said the state would go to court and may ask for $20=20 billion.=20 Separately, Wagner split off claims of overcharges from the Pacific=20 Northwest, saying he has not had time to consider those allegations under t= he=20 short timetable ordered by FERC last month.=20 Wagner served as a mediator during the 15 days of negotiations and will=20 recommend a settlement to FERC by next Monday. The commission ordered the= =20 talks last month in an effort to resolve differences between producers and= =20 the state over the breakdown of California's deregulated electricity market= .=20 Consumer advocates assailed the judge's recommendation and urged the state = to=20 continue its attempt to get refunds from what they say are profiteering pow= er=20 companies.=20 "It's like catching a bank robber, but instead of making him give back all = of=20 it, you only make him give back 5 percent of what he stole," said Douglas= =20 Heller, spokesman for the Santa Monica-based Foundation for Taxpayer and=20 Consumer Rights.=20 Power generators, however, were generally pleased with Wagner's comments.= =20 Brent Bailey, general counsel for Duke Energy, said even if the formula=20 Wagner recommends produces $1.5 billion in refunds, "that's a reasonable=20 amount in the context of these settlement talks."=20 California officials, negotiating on behalf of utilities, the Public=20 Utilities Commission and state power buyers, accused the producers of=20 manipulating supply to unfairly drive up prices.=20 The producers have acknowledged prices are high, but blame jumps in the pri= ce=20 of natural gas, which fuels many power plants, and the workings of the free= =20 market.=20 The bill for wholesale power in California soared to $27 billion last year= =20 from $7 billion the year before. Davis has estimated the state could spend = as=20 much as $50 billion this year.=20 The producers reiterated Monday that California's numbers are grossly=20 inflated. Attorneys for the five major generators -- Duke Energy, Dynegy,= =20 Mirant, Reliant Energy and the Williams Cos. -- said in a statement that th= ey=20 have made a "very substantial global settlement offer."=20 Reliant would agree to no more than $50 million in refunds as part of an=20 overall settlement that also would have to include protection from addition= al=20 legal claims, said John H. Stout, a company senior vice president.=20 But Stout also said, "Reliant's fundamental position has been and remains= =20 that no refunds are justified."=20      Toxic fumes not linked to blackouts=20 Backup power OK in facilities, report says=20 Jason B. Johnson, Chronicle Staff Writer Tuesday, July 10, 2001=20 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle=20 URL:=20 http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=3D/chronicle/archive/2001/07= /10/M NC115768.DTL=20 Despite a power-related mishap that released toxic fumes from an industrial= =20 plant in May, rolling blackouts are not expected to cause dangerous release= s=20 in Contra Costa, a county study concludes.=20 The county Health Department report found that 52 industrial facilities hav= e=20 adequate backup power plans.=20 The report to be presented to the Board of Supervisors today was prompted b= y=20 a freak traffic accident that knocked out power at Richmond's General=20 Chemical Corp. plant. When the plant powered back up, a cloud of sulfur=20 trioxide and sulfur dioxide was released.=20 Contra Costa hazardous materials director Lew Pascalli said that there is= =20 always a possibility that a plant's hydraulic or mechanical systems could= =20 fail but that those chances are slight given the growing number of power=20 plants coming online and the state's successful conservation effort.=20 He also said industry has done a good job preparing for outages.=20 "The industry is doing a good-faith effort in this particular instance to= =20 make sure that nothing happens," Pascalli said.=20 County officials relied on industry records in determining the adequacy of= =20 the different plans, such as having multiple electrical leads feeding a=20 source regulating hazardous materials.=20 Denny Larson, spokesman for the group Communities for a Better Environment,= =20 said the report relied too heavily on industry self-reporting.=20 "Unfortunately, the conclusions of the report can't be backed up by the=20 facts," Larson said. "Oil and chemical plants in Contra Costa have repeated= ly=20 had toxic releases due to power failures over the years."=20 The 52 facilities include chemical plants, oil refineries and small shops= =20 that produce limited amounts of hazardous materials.=20 For many of these businesses, the loss of power would shut down their=20 operations and make it impossible for substances to be released.=20 Larger facilities, like oil refineries, have either their own backup=20 generators or contracts with cogeneration plants that could supply all or= =20 most of their power independent of the electricity power grid, according to= =20 the report.=20 Plans are also in place to conduct partial shutdowns at plants running on= =20 reserve power during a blackout.=20 General Chemical said all electrical feeds to the chamber processing=20 chemicals are automatically pulled in the event of loss of power. A backup= =20 generator will automatically come online to keep operations stable.=20 Dow Chemical has a contract with a Calpine power plant to supply it with=20 electricity. Battery backup and diesel emergency engines are also at the si= te=20 to ensure enough power to run lights, alarms, controls and emergency shutdo= wn=20 equipment.=20 e-mail Jason B. Johnson at jbjohnson@sfchronicle.com.=20 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 11=20        Power suppliers, state fail to agree on refund total=20 Posted at 10:41 p.m. PDT Monday, July 9, 2001=20 BY JIM PUZZANGHERA=20  Mercury News Washington Bureau=20   WASHINGTON -- California officials and power suppliers failed to agree on= =20 refunds for electricity overcharges as 15 days of contentious negotiations= =20 ended Monday, leaving the matter in the hands of a federal judge who said t= he=20 state is owed much less than the $8.9 billion it demands.=20 The judge overseeing the talks for the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission= =20 put the refunds at between several hundred million dollars and a billion=20 dollars. His estimate is closer to the $716.1 million offer made by power= =20 suppliers during negotiations. The offer was rejected by California=20 officials.=20 But it was unclear Monday which side in the bitter refund battle would=20 prevail, and California officials indicated the dispute is probably headed = to=20 court. At stake is how much the state's electricity consumers will ultimate= ly=20 have to pay for costs that skyrocketed as California's deregulation system= =20 collapsed.=20 Curtis Wagner, the commission's chief administrative law judge, will=20 recommend a formula for the commission to use to calculate a refund dating= =20 back to October. That formula -- a complex methodology that involves factor= s=20 such as daily natural gas prices -- includes many of the provisions the=20 energy suppliers had advocated during the talks.=20 Michael Kahn, who headed the California negotiating team, said the state=20 would contest some aspects of the formula. But even without changes, Kahn= =20 said he was confident the formula will result in more refunds than Wagner= =20 estimated.=20 ``We think the numbers even using the judge's formula are going to be in th= e=20 multiple billions,'' said Kahn, chairman of the state Independent System=20 Operator, which runs the electricity grid. ``California will get its $8.9= =20 billion dollars. If we don't get all of it from the commission .?.?. we'll= =20 still get the remainder of the money'' through the courts.=20 Amount in dispute=20 Power industry representatives appeared pleased with the judge's plan.=20 ``We haven't gone and run the full numbers but it's going to be nowhere nea= r=20 the $8.9 billion,''' said Brent Bailey, vice president and general counsel= =20 for Duke Energy North America. ``But let's face it, that's a pie-in-the-sky= =20 number that nobody in there believed in their right mind was a legitimate= =20 number.''=20 Wagner acknowledged he had not calculated any figures using his formula,=20 saying he arrived at his dollar estimate based on the offers made by the=20 suppliers.=20 The energy commission ordered the private settlement conference last month= =20 when it enacted new price controls to try to rein in soaring electricity=20 prices in California and throughout the West. Commissioners hoped that unde= r=20 pressure of a deadline and their looming intervention the state and the pow= er=20 suppliers could resolve the refund issue and stave off future litigation.= =20 But the suppliers and state officials never came close to a deal,=20 participants said.=20 ``The numbers were too far apart. You saw $8.9 billion on one end and you s= aw=20 $716 million on the other end, and that's a long way to splitting the=20 difference,'' Wagner said. ``I think a lot of the parties genuinely wanted = to=20 settle. Others didn't.''=20 Wagner now has until Monday to make his recommendation to the five-member= =20 commission, which will make the final ruling on refunds. To date, the=20 commission has ordered $125 million in refunds for periods since last Oct. = 2.=20 Wagner said Monday that he will ask that a special hearing be set up in the= =20 next 60 days to get the detailed information from the state and power=20 suppliers needed to determine a refund total using his formula.=20 The state may not end up with any cash, as any refund total could be applie= d=20 to the several billion dollars California and its utilities still owe many = of=20 the power suppliers.=20 Reflecting the tone of the negotiations, California Gov. Gray Davis on Mond= ay=20 blamed power suppliers for the failure of the talks and challenged the=20 commission to resolve the situation.=20 ``Not surprisingly, the energy pirates that bilked ratepayers out of billio= ns=20 of dollars stonewalled and refused to negotiate in good faith with our team= =20 in Washington, D.C.,'' Davis said. ``While in the past the FERC has shown= =20 little, if any, interest in consumers, they now have the opportunity to=20 redeem themselves by returning the $8.9 billion California has demonstrated= =20 it is owed.''=20 Davis may go to court=20 At the opening of a new power plant in Contra Costa County on Monday, Davis= =20 told reporters that he's prepared to take the power generators to court if= =20 FERC doesn't order the full refund. Davis also said the ISO's estimate of= =20 $8.9 billion doesn't represent all the overcharges. He said other estimates= =20 put the figure as high as $20 billion, although he did not elaborate about= =20 how those figures were calculated.=20 John H. Stout, senior vice president for Reliant Energy Wholesale Group, sa= id=20 the state used faulty methodology to arrive at the $8.9 billion figure.=20 California officials and several suppliers said they would continue to=20 negotiate separately, and an official with San Jose-based Calpine said his= =20 company is close to a settlement with the state.=20 Power suppliers urged Wagner not to calculate refunds by applying the energ= y=20 commissions' June price-limits plan retroactively. But that's what Wagner= =20 said he will do. It was a victory for California officials, who had pushed= =20 for it. Wagner, however, also made some changes to the price-limit plan tha= t=20 power suppliers had wanted. He applied it only back to Oct. 2, 2000. State= =20 officials wanted it to cover up to May 2000.=20 $3 billion difference=20 The state's $8.9 billion figure comes from May 2000 through May 2001.=20 Factoring refunds beginning with Oct. 2, 2000, eliminates about $3 billion = in=20 overcharges the state says occurred in the earlier period.=20 Among the changes to the commission's formula that Wagner made was to revis= e=20 the way the prevailing electricity price limit is calculated. Wagner wants= =20 the price limit determined for each hour of each day. The commission's=20 formula sets a price limit during Stage One power emergencies that remains = in=20 effect until the next emergency.=20 But in a sign of just how complex the issue is, Stanford University economi= st=20 Frank Wolak said he believes the standards described by the judge will=20 produce a much higher figure than $1 billion.=20 ``That's the methodology the state used,'' said Wolak, who advises the=20 California ISO on market issues. ``By using the marginal unit for each hour= ,=20 you'll get refund numbers on the order of what the state estimated.''=20   Mercury News Staff Writers Brandon Bailey and Dana Hull contributed to this= =20 report.=20    Contact Jim Puzzanghera at jpuzzanghera@krwashington.com or (202) 383-6043.= =20             Power purchase bills exceed $7.5 billion=20 Published Tuesday, July 10, 2001, in the San Jose Mercury News=20 BY MARK GLADSTONE, NOAM LEVEY AND DION NISSENBAUM=20  Mercury News Sacramento Bureau=20   SACRAMENTO -- Six months after jumping into the electricity business, the= =20 Davis administration on Monday provided the first detailed glimpse of=20 California's daily power purchases, showing more than $5 billion in payment= s,=20 much of it to government-owned utilities and private companies that state= =20 officials have branded as price gougers.=20 The state spent an additional $2.5 billion on a variety of contracts and=20 other electricity services designed to stabilize the volatile energy market= s,=20 according to documents that the state agreed to release last week amid a=20 legal dispute over public access to the data.=20 In roughly the first five months of the year, the state shelled out $1.2=20 billion to Atlanta-based Mirant, the most any company was paid for=20 electricity, followed by $1 billion to Powerex, the marketing arm of BC Hyd= ro=20 in British Columbia. It also paid $331 million to the Los Angeles Departmen= t=20 of Water and Power.=20 The documents raise questions about some of the common assumptions that hav= e=20 arisen around the electricity crisis. For instance, almost 40 percent of th= e=20 state's purchases have come from government-run power generators in=20 California and elsewhere, but not Texas; some of the biggest suppliers are= =20 from the Northwest.=20 Gov. Gray Davis, who has ambitions to run for the White House, has put much= =20 of the blame for the soaring costs of power on energy companies based in=20 President Bush's home state.=20 The figures are tucked inside 1,770 of pages of invoices that Davis has=20 resisted divulging, saying disclosure would encourage suppliers to charge= =20 more. The state, which last month released information on its long-term=20 electricity contracts worth $43 billion, agreed Thursday to release the fir= st=20 quarter details.=20 Short on explanation=20 The figures were disclosed late Monday by the California Department of Wate= r=20 Resources, which buys power for the state's financially strapped major=20 utilities, and seem to buttress the administration's contention that the=20 price of power is gradually dropping but offer little or no explanation for= =20 what prompted the decrease.=20 In January, for instance, the average price for power on the spot market wa= s=20 $321 a megawatt hour. It peaked in April at $332 and dropped to $271 in May= .=20 One megawatt powers about 750 homes.=20 Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said the price data supports the governor's= =20 assertions that California has been gouged. ``The bad guys are clearly the= =20 out-of-state generators,'' Maviglio said. ``There has been a significant=20 shift of money out of California.''=20 But the documents fail to shed much light on whether, as the administration= =20 contends, the price drop was due to long-term power contracts negotiated by= =20 the state earlier this year. Critics contend that the Davis administration= =20 panicked and rushed into deals that commit the state to pay high prices for= =20 many years.=20 Used for support=20 Republican officials used the price information to bolster their attacks=20 against Davis, a Democrat, for signing long-term contracts with power=20 generators even as the price of power on the spot market was coming down,= =20 partly because of the declining price of natural gas used to fuel many=20 plants.=20 ``It's more clear than ever that the long-term contracts are a bad deal,''= =20 said Assemblyman Tony Strickland, R-Camarillo. ``The governor's really hurt= =20 the ratepayers for the next five or 10 years.''=20 The newly released bills highlight the volatility of California's energy=20 market, where the price per megawatt hour ranged from $70 to $1,000. On any= =20 given day, the records show, the prices from seller to seller varied widely= ,=20 with some of the highest prices being charged by public utilities and=20 companies outside Texas.=20 On one day in February, for example, San Diego-based Sempra Energy was=20 charging $165 per megawatt hour, the Eugene Water and Electric Board was=20 charging nearly $500 and Duke Energy, a North Carolina company, was chargin= g=20 up to $575.=20 The state's daily spending peaked May 10 at $102.4 million for all power,= =20 including the spot market and contracted power.=20 The state began buying power in mid-January on behalf of the state's major= =20 utilities, which were unable to borrow money to buy power after amassing=20 enormous debts for electricity.=20 San Jose-based Calpine Corp., which is building several new power plants=20 around California including one in South San Jose, did only $29 million wor= th=20 of business with the state in the first five months of the year, according = to=20 the figures.=20 The state began buying power in mid-January when Pacific Gas & Electric Co.= =20 and Southern California Edison Co. were on the ropes financially. PG&E late= r=20 went into bankruptcy.=20 On Monday, state lawmakers took another shot at trying to cobble together a= =20 plan to rescue financially ailing Edison.=20 While most concede that a rescue plan Davis worked out with Edison will not= =20 win the necessary support in the Legislature, lawmakers have created severa= l=20 working groups to come up with alternatives.=20 Compromise plan=20 On Monday, state Sen. Byron Sher, D-Redwood City, unveiled the latest=20 compromise proposal that seeks to protect average ratepayers and small=20 businesses from further rate increases and forces everyone else to help=20 finance the Edison bailout.=20 The ``shared pain'' proposal would force power producers, owed about $1=20 billion, to take a 30 percent ``haircut'' and agree to forgive about $300= =20 million in Edison debts. Edison would be asked to swallow $1.2 billion --= =20 about a third of its debt. And big users would be asked to pay off the=20 remaining $2 billion in debts, possibly by paying higher prices for power.= =20 In exchange, large companies would be given the opportunity to buy power on= =20 the open market, a system that would allow many of them to sign cheap energ= y=20 deals.=20 Sher presented the proposal to Senate Democrats Monday afternoon, but it=20 remains unclear how much support the framework will receive in the=20 Legislature.=20   Contact Mark Gladstone at mgladstone@sjmercury.com or (916) 325-4314.=20  ?               Refund outlook dims=20 Talks break down; judge says state is owed much less than its $8.9 billion= =20 demand -- and unpaid bills may offset gains.=20 July 10, 2001=20 By DENA BUNIS and JOHN HOWARD The Orange County Register=20 WASHINGTON The nation's chief energy judge said Monday that California is= =20 owed maybe $1 billion in refunds from power generators, a fraction of the= =20 $8.9 billion demanded by Gov. Gray Davis.=20 And even at that, said Judge Curtis Wagner, the electricity sellers are owe= d=20 so much more in unpaid power bills that in the end California might not see= =20 one red cent.=20 Wagner announced his recommendation to the Federal Energy Regulatory=20 Commission after two weeks of fruitless negotiations between all the partie= s=20 to California's electricity crisis. With no settlement, the matter is now i= n=20 the commissioners' hands.=20 Power generators, Wagner said, had offered a combined $716 million in=20 refunds, an offer the state rejected. "I don't think it's 8.9 (billion=20 dollars)," he said afterwards, "because I haven't been shown that it was."= =20 For California consumers, every dollar the state can extract in refunds is = a=20 dollar less that ratepayers have to shell out for state-purchased power. An= d=20 the more money the state gets back, the better the chances of warding off= =20 future rate increases.=20 "California will get its $8.9 billion," insisted Michael Kahn, head of the= =20 state's delegation and the California Independent System Operator. Kahn=20 brushed off Wagner's comments, finding victory in the judge's assertion tha= t=20 the state is owed some refunds, a concept the generators have been unwillin= g=20 to embrace up to now, he said.=20 Since the talks began, some generators have made refund offers -- last week= =20 Duke Energy offered $20 million and on Monday, Reliant officials revealed= =20 their refund offer was $50 million, provided all other actions against the= =20 company were dropped.=20 But the net result of the 15- day closed-door sessions is that California i= s=20 no closer to getting repaid for what it claims was price gouging by power= =20 companies going back to May 2000 than it was the day the talks began.=20 And it means the state is in for possibly more hearings before the FERC. If= =20 unsuccessful there, the whole issue could wind up in court for years.=20 "You can take a horse to water but cannot make him drink," Wagner said duri= ng=20 an afternoon public session where he made his preliminary recommendation. H= e=20 has seven days to put his ideas in writing. At several points during the=20 often-tense talks, Wagner expressed frustration to the negotiators and trie= d=20 to get them to agree, even to the point of holding an unprecedented Sunday= =20 session.=20 "The numbers were too far apart," Wagner said.=20 While Kahn insisted the state had made progress, on hearing of the judge's= =20 comments, state Sen. John Burton, D-Francisco, called them "barely better= =20 than a jab in the eye with a sharp stick." Burton agreed with Kahn that the= =20 state has to do all it can to get more than that.=20 And Davis backed up his team.=20 "Our delegation made a clear and compelling factual argument that there wer= e=20 overcharges made because the market was broken," Davis said. "Remarkably, t= he=20 energy generators and suppliers refused to recognize their responsibility t= o=20 the people of California and own up to their profiteering."=20 Power generators seemed satisfied with the judge's views, even though John= =20 Stout, vice president of Reliant Energy, said his company's "fundamental=20 position has been and remains that no refunds are justified."=20 Brent Bailey, general counsel for Duke Energy, called the judge's=20 recommendation, "a fair one."=20 Republican lawmakers in Sacramento were quick to say it was Davis' failed= =20 energy policies that brought California to this point. They also distanced= =20 themselves from the state's refund request.=20 "I don't believe there really exists a true justification for that number,"= =20 said Assemblyman John Campbell, R-Irvine. "I've never considered that=20 anything more than a wild number to throw out there."=20 The two sides are so far apart in their estimates of overcharges because th= ey=20 are using different assumptions about how to compute the complex pricing=20 structure. And Wagner was more persuaded with the majority of the generator= s'=20 methods.=20 To start with, the state is asking for $8.9 billion, but about $3 billion o= f=20 those alleged overcharges happened between May and October 2000, a period= =20 FERC is not looking at. FERC issued two refund orders in March, finding tha= t=20 power companies had $124 million in overcharges during power alerts. But th= e=20 state is challenging that finding, saying there were overcharges beyond tho= se=20 limited times. And the state is also asking FERC to reconsider allowing=20 refunds for May to October 2000.=20 How energy panel affects California=20 Six months ago, few people had heard of FERC. Now the Federal Energy=20 Regulatory Commission, the agency charged with making sure that the nation'= s=20 power markets are running smoothly and that wholesale prices are "just and= =20 reasonable," rolls off the tongue.=20 The five commissioners who make up FERC - all of whom were members of their= =20 home state's Public Utilities Commissions - ordered the settlement talks th= at=20 concluded Monday. They had hoped all the parties involved in California's= =20 electricity crisis could reach an agreement on proposed refunds, long-term= =20 power contracts and other issues that have divided the parties for months.= =20 FERC's chief judge, Curtis Wagner, was asked to mediate the talks.=20 WHAT WAS AT STAKE?=20 For the state: $8.9 billion that Gov. Gray Davis said was the amount power= =20 companies overcharged California in the past year. Wagner's finding? There= =20 should be refunds. But more like $1 billion.=20 For the generators: More than $5 billion that they say they are owed for=20 unpaid power bills. Wagner's finding? Generators are owed more money than t= he=20 refunds they owe California. He did not specify by how much.=20 For California consumers: A stable electricity market. Until the refund iss= ue=20 is settled and power prices are stabilized long term, what the future holds= =20 for rate increase remains uncertain. Wagner's finding? No settlement.=20 Consumers still in limbo.=20 HOW DID WE GET HERE?=20 In spring 2000, wholesale power prices began to soar. The state began=20 appealing to FERC to cap wholesale prices. In the meantime the utilities we= re=20 running out of money. Generators weren't paid for all the electricity they= =20 sold. Rolling blackouts began.=20 Starting in January, the state began buying the power, replacing the=20 near-bankrupt utilities. Politicians from Sacramento to Washington increase= d=20 the pressure on FERC to cap rates. More than $27 billion was spent to buy= =20 power for California last year, compared with $7 billion the year before. T= he=20 price tag could reach $50 billion this year.=20 On June 19, FERC imposed the kind of soft price caps experts say could=20 moderate wholesale rates. Wholesale prices have come down, but the caps hav= e=20 caused confusion among generators, leading some to hold some power off the= =20 market.=20 WHAT'S NEXT?=20 The FERC commissioners will receive Wagner's report within a week. In it, h= e=20 will suggest they hold a fast-track formal hearing that would last no more= =20 than 60 days.=20 If they agree, after that hearing the commission would rule on refunds and= =20 other California market issues.=20 If either the state or the other parties to this dispute disagree, they can= =20 contest FERC's decision in court. Such legal proceedings could last many=20 years.                State reveals details of power purchases=20 Report shows last-minute energy buys in first three months of 2001.=20 July 10, 2001=20 By JENNIFER COLEMAN The Associated Press=20 SACRAMENTO On three days in May, California's daily power allowance topped= =20 $100 million, according to a report released by state power traders.=20 The California Department of Water Resources released the report Monday,=20 along with 1,770 pages of documents that also detailed the last- minute pow= er=20 purchases the state made on the spot market in the first three months of th= e=20 year.=20 The report details the department's electricity spending since Jan. 17, whe= n=20 the state took over electricity purchases for Pacific Gas & Electric Co., S= an=20 Diego Gas & Electric Co., and Southern California Edison.=20 The utilities had amassed billions in debts and were no longer creditworthy= =20 enough to purchase power. Since then, the state has spent nearly $8 billion= =20 to keep the lights on.=20 The state's daily spending peaked May 10 at $102.4 million. The=20 second-highest daily total was May 23, when the state spent $101.8 million.= =20 But since May, spot-market prices have dropped, due in part to moderate=20 weather, lower natural gas prices, increased conservation that lowered dema= nd=20 and because of increased scrutiny by lawmakers and investigators into=20 possible price manipulation. Gov. Gray Davis has said long-term contracts= =20 also drove the price down.=20 "It does look like some of the spot-market prices have gone down, but it=20 looks like it's primarily due to natural gas prices," said Jamie Fisfis,=20 spokesman for Assembly Republicans.=20 The slight reduction in spot-market prices "underscores questions about the= =20 strategy of locking us into long-term contracts, if natural gas prices=20 continue to drop," Fisfis said.=20 Most of the long-term contracts run for 10 years, with one lasting for 20= =20 years.=20 Davis already has released details of the state's long-term power contracts= =20 after losing a court battle with Republican legislators and several news=20 organizations.=20 But Davis wanted to delay the release of the spot-market buys and short-ter= m=20 contracts until now to keep the state's buying strategy secret.According to= =20 the state, Atlanta-based Mirant Corp. got $1.24 billion as of May 31 for=20 spot-market purchases.=20 Canadian Powerex, the marketing arm of BC Hydro, has been paid $1.05 billio= n.=20 The newly released short-term contracts also show that on March 19-20, when= =20 the state had rolling blackouts, the state paid above-average prices in its= =20 largest short-term contracts.=20 For example, Mirant sold the state 650 megawatt-hours at off-peak usage tim= es=20 on March 20 for $345 a megawatt-hour, more than $70 above the average price= =20 of $272.96.=20                Tuesday, July 10, 2001=20       Ghost of Bob Citron roaming halls of capitol=20 Gray Davis is following footsteps of former O.C. treasurer into fiscal chao= s     JOHN M.W. MOORLACH=20 Mr. Moorlach is the Orange County treasurer-tax collector.=20  A recent L.A. Times poll found that Californians still remain unconvinced= =20 that our state suffers from a shortage of energy. Perhaps the state's=20 subsidizing of the actual costs for electricity these past five months has= =20 caused us to believe that everything is fine. It is not.=20 The state has been spending an average of $57 million, a medium-sized city'= s=20 annual budget, per day for electricity. Now California is headed toward the= =20 same financial catastrophe that was imposed on its shareholder-owned=20 utilities, finding one of them in Chapter 11 bankruptcy and another on the= =20 precipice. At this pace, it will not be long before the state will be stari= ng=20 a Chapter 9 bankruptcy filing in the face.=20 That's why I'm gnawed by this "d,j. vu" sensation. The similarities and=20 parallels between California of 2001 and Orange County of 1994 are=20 frightening. Here's a refresher. In 1994 the county, through former Treasur= er=20 Robert Citron, was borrowing at variable rates and investing at fixed rates= .=20 The "experts" and the "politicos" were comfortable with the investment=20 scheme.=20 No wonder the electorate was convinced that there were no investing=20 improprieties. Even while their former treasurer was very secretive about h= ow=20 he was investing and what his "exit strategy" would be. Guess what? The=20 unexpected happened. Short-term borrowing rates doubled. The cost of=20 borrowing suddenly exceeded the revenues being generated.=20 It caused the investment pool to implode and Orange County taxpayers realiz= ed=20 a $1.64 billion loss. In spite of pleas to avoid or minimize this train wre= ck=20 the county's leadership, he ignored it. The rest is history. In a=20 half-pregnant deregulation scheme, the state capped the retail price that t= he=20 utilities can charge. It also eliminated the availability to acquire=20 electricity through the use of long-term contracts.=20 Guess what? The unexpected happened. The wholesale price for electricity=20 spiked dramatically above the inflexible retail price cap. It depleted the= =20 available funds for the utilities, and then some, and they are imploding. I= n=20 spite of pleas from the utilities imploring Gov. Gray Davis to avoid or=20 minimize this train wreck, he ignored them. The rest is also history.=20 It gets worse. Davis doesn't allow for the immediate raising of retail rate= s=20 and decides to have the state secretly purchase electricity. Guess what? Th= e=20 expected happened. He depleted our budget surplus! Our reserves! Nearly $9= =20 billion - and counting! He's a Citron, only quintupled!=20 And in the light of day, the secret purchases were not attractively priced= =20 and only compound this financial nightmare. Gov. Davis has done what no=20 Libertarian or Republican could ever dream of doing in such a short time. H= e=20 has returned the budget surplus created by taxpayers to the residents of=20 California by subsidizing their electricity bills.=20 Bravo! It may not be the most equitable way of refunding taxes, but has=20 anyone ever thought up a more efficient method? But, that's not all. He wan= ts=20 it back! Davis now wants to borrow some $13 billion to replace the spent=20 reserves and purchase even more electricity at rates in excess of the retai= l=20 prices! When does this train wreck in slow motion stop?=20 And how do we pay off these bonds? Davis did not want to raise rates last= =20 summer or this past winter. But now he will to pay off this historically=20 largest municipal bond offering with a significant utility rate increase. T= he=20 ratepayers will be reminded for 10 years after Davis is gone about his=20 expensive brilliance. And this elected official wants to purchase the power= =20 grids and bureaucratically manage the utilities? I say "no."=20 If we don't show some leadership in Sacramento soon, potential bond buyers= =20 will also say "no," unless they receive an attractive interest rate. Just a= sk=20 Edison International about attractive interest rates. It just subscribed $8= 00=20 million in bonds paying 14 percent. Tragically, Gov. Davis walked into his= =20 position with an existing budget surplus and now has no tangible legacy to= =20 show for it. No reserves. No improved highways. No new schools. No=20 infrastructure improvements. Only interest payments.=20 Wasn't that Citron's legacy? If amortized over 10 years at 6 percent, the= =20 citizens of California will pay an additional $4.4 billion in interest cost= s.=20 Over 15 years it's $6.7 billion. And therein lies the true legacy of Davis,= =20 squandering the entire budget surplus that he inherited on interest resulti= ng=20 from his indecisiveness and lack of leadership!=20 It is so tragic that the perpetrator of this colossal mess is still in deni= al=20 and continues to play the "blame game." Orange County played the "blame=20 game," too. But it had obvious perpetrators and succeeded in a court of law= =20 in securing a significant amount in retribution payments. I'm not so sure= =20 California will have a similar result.=20           Calpine's Los Medanos Energy Center Adds Needed Generation to California=20 Second New Major Base Load Generator for California=20       July 10, 2001=20     Second New Major Base Load Generator for California=20 SAN JOSE, Calif., July 9 /PRNewswire/ -- San Jose, Calif.-based Calpine=20 Corporation (NYSE: CPN) announced today that its 555-megawatt Los Medanos= =20 Energy Center in Pittsburg, Calif. is providing needed electricity to=20 California's strained power grid. Los Medanos is the second major=20 combined-cycle facility to be licensed and built in California in over a=20 decade. Fueled by natural gas, the facility is designed to add up to=20 555-megawatts of clean, reliable electricity to California on a 24 hours a= =20 day, seven days a week availability. As a cogeneration facility, the projec= t=20 also delivers electricity and steam to USS POSCO for use in industrial=20 processing.=20 Governor Gray Davis and Calpine CEO Peter Cartwright will hold a press=20 conference Monday afternoon to commission the Los Medanos Energy Center and= =20 to recognize the support of the local community, the construction and trade= s=20 people, and numerous organizations that helped develop the facility.=20 Cartwright said, "We are committed to creating innovative energy solutions= =20 for California's growing power market. Los Medanos exemplifies excellence i= n=20 power generation-ratepayers and the environment benefit as Calpine brings t= o=20 California new energy resources like Los Medanos."=20 Los Medanos is the second of eleven announced modern, fuel-efficient energy= =20 centers Calpine is building in the State as part of a $6 billion energy=20 initiative. Three additional facilities are under construction, including a= n=20 880-megawatt facility in Pittsburg at Dow Chemical's facility. By year-end= =20 2005, Calpine expects to be generating 12,000 megawatts of clean, affordabl= e=20 electricity to help repower California.=20 Calpine broke ground on the Los Medanos Energy Center in September 1999. Mo= re=20 than 600 construction and trade personnel worked on the project over a=20 20-month period. During the past several months, the project scheduled two= =20 ten-hour shifts, seven days a week to get the plant operating as soon as=20 possible in light of the energy crisis. And over the past several weeks,=20 technical teams worked round the clock to complete the facility. The total= =20 cost of construction is estimated to be approximately $350 million.=20 The Los Medanos Energy Center is located in Pittsburg, Calif., in Contra=20 Costa County adjacent to the USS POSCO plant and is operated by a 22-member= =20 staff of highly trained personnel.=20 As with all of Calpine's modern base load facilities, Los Medanos uses=20 combined-cycle design with natural gas-fired turbines in combination with a= =20 steam turbine to achieve maximum fuel efficiency. Advanced emissions contro= l=20 technology enables Calpine to reduce certain emissions by more than 90=20 percent.=20 Based in San Jose, Calif., Calpine Corporation is dedicated to providing=20 customers with reliable and competitively priced electricity. Calpine is=20 focused on clean, efficient, natural gas-fired generation and is the world'= s=20 largest producer of renewable geothermal energy. Calpine has launched the= =20 largest power development program in North America. To date, the company ha= s=20 approximately 34,000 megawatts of base load capacity and 7,200 megawatts of= =20 peaking capacity in operation, under construction, pending acquisitions and= =20 in announced development in 29 states, the United Kingdom and Canada. The= =20 company was founded in 1984 and is publicly traded on the New York Stock=20 Exchange under the symbol CPN. For more information about Calpine, visit it= s=20 Website at www.calpine.com.=20 This news release discusses certain matters that may be considered=20 "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the=20 Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities=20 Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including statements regarding the intent= ,=20 belief or current expectations of Calpine Corporation ("the Company") and i= ts=20 management. Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looki= ng=20 statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of= =20 risks and uncertainties that could materially affect actual results such as= ,=20 but not limited to, (i) changes in government regulations, including pendin= g=20 changes in California, and anticipated deregulation of the electric energy= =20 industry, (ii) commercial operations of new plants that may be delayed or= =20 prevented because of various development and construction risks, such as a= =20 failure to obtain financing and the necessary permits to operate or the=20 failure of third-party contractors to perform their contractual obligations= ,=20 (iii) cost estimates are preliminary and actual cost may be higher than=20 estimated, (iv) the assurance that the Company will develop additional=20 plants, (v) a competitor's development of a lower-cost generating gas-fired= =20 power plant, and (vi) the risks associated with marketing and selling power= =20 from power plants in the newly competitive energy market. Prospective=20 investors are also cautioned that the California energy environment remains= =20 uncertain. The Company's management is working closely with a number of=20 parties to resolve the current uncertainty, while protecting the Company's= =20 interests. Management believes that a final resolution will not have a=20 material adverse impact on the Company. Prospective investors are also=20 referred to the other risks identified from time to time in the Company's= =20 reports and registration statements filed with the Securities and Exchange= =20 Commission.=20 MAKE YOUR OPINION COUNT - Click Here=20 http://tbutton.prnewswire.com/prn/11690X52413521=20 SOURCE Calpine Corporation=20 CONTACT: media, Katherine Potter, 408-995-5115, ext. 1168, or investors, Ri= ck=20 Barraza, 408-995-5115, ext. 1125, both of Calpine Corporation=20 Web site: http://www.calpine.com (CPN)=20            National Desk; Section A=20 California and Generators Still Split After 2-Week Talks By JOSEPH KAHN ?=20 07/10/2001=20 The New York Times=20 Page 14, Column 1=20 c. 2001 New York Times Company=20 WASHINGTON, July 9 -- A federal mediator ended two weeks of negotiations=20 about California 's demands for electricity refunds today, with the state a= nd=20 power suppliers seemingly no closer to a settlement than when the talks=20 began.=20 The failure of the negotiations shifts the burden of resolving the yearlong= =20 dispute to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, to which the mediator= =20 may recommend a pricing formula that would mean refunds of about $1 billion= .=20 California , which wants $8.9 billion, vowed today that it would seek that= =20 much and more, through the courts if necessary.=20 Although electricity prices in the West have eased in recent weeks, the pow= er=20 crisis that has afflicted California and other Western states seems unlikel= y=20 to be resolved unless rival parties can agree on how much electricity shoul= d=20 have cost during the last 13 months.=20 The power market has been mired in an accounting gridlock. The state claims= =20 that generating companies began grossly overcharging for electricity -- wit= h=20 prices soaring by a factor of 10 or 20 over year-before levels -- beginning= =20 in late spring last year. Generators say they are prepared to pay some=20 refunds, but argue that California 's estimates of overcharges are radicall= y=20 inflated.=20 The mediator in the settlement talks was Curtis L. Wagner Jr., an=20 administrative law judge for the federal agency, who said today that the=20 negotiations had failed to reach the comprehensive voluntary settlement he= =20 had sought.=20 Mr. Wagner said he would recommend to the agency's commissioners that they= =20 convene a 60-day evidentiary hearing that would impose an administrative=20 solution. He also said he would suggest a method for determining fair price= s=20 for electricity .=20 Under federal law, the energy commission has the obligation to ensure ''jus= t=20 and reasonable'' electricity rates. Though the commission declared last yea= r=20 that California 's electricity market had broken down, it only recently beg= an=20 imposing price controls on the market and has yet to address accusations of= =20 past overcharges systematically.=20 While the scope of any refunds remains uncertain, Mr. Wagner's remarks=20 appeared more favorable for generators than for Western states, which have= =20 collectively pressed for as much as $15 billion in refunds.=20 Mr. Wagner said that to determine how much California should have paid for= =20 power since last September, when the commission began monitoring California= =20 energy prices, he would suggest that the agency retroactively apply a price= =20 control formula it adopted in June. He also indicated that he supported a w= ay=20 of calculating the costs of power generation that is closer to the method= =20 favored by power companies than to the one put forward by California=20 officials. The judge suggested that the formula he is recommending could=20 require generators to pay back hundreds of millions or ''maybe a billion''= =20 dollars.=20 California officials gave a positive cast to the judge's statements, callin= g=20 them a step forward because he formally acknowledged that companies would= =20 have to pay some refunds. They also noted that whatever the level of=20 federally mandated refunds, they would have the option of seeking more in= =20 court.=20 ''We are still going to get the $8.9 billion,'' said Michael Kahn, who=20 represented Gov. Gray Davis of California in the talks. ''If we don't get i= t=20 all from the commission, we will get the remainder in the courts.''=20 Governor Davis himself said today that if the agency did not provide refund= s=20 in the amount the state claims it is owed, it would sue generators for $18= =20 billion to $20 billion. ''We are in a war with generators, mostly out of=20 state, that are trying to bleed us dry,'' Mr. Davis said, speaking at the= =20 ceremonial opening of a power plant in Northern California .=20 Representatives of several generating companies said that during the=20 settlement talks, they collectively offered to refund California about $500= =20 million. They estimated that the calculation method suggested by the judge= =20 would result in refunds of no more than $1.5 billion -- far closer to their= =20 offer than to California 's demand.=20 Still, several executives said they now hoped to reach individual settlemen= ts=20 with the state that would end the threat of prolonged litigation and allow= =20 them to collect several billion dollars they say they are owed by the state= =20 and its leading, financially pressed utilities, which ran up huge debts to= =20 suppliers in the last year.=20 ''We remain very interested in reaching a global settlement with the state= =20 that will put this problem behind us once and for all,'' said Brent Bailey,= =20 vice president and general counsel of Duke Energy.=20      Financial=20 Energy Refund Talks Fail In Calif.; Federal Agency's Judge To Propose=20 Settlement Peter Behr ?=20 07/10/2001=20 The Washington Post=20 FINAL=20 Page E01=20 Copyright 2001, The Washington Post Co. All Rights Reserved=20 California consumers were overcharged by as much as $1 billion by electrici= ty=20 suppliers since October, a federal administrative judge said yesterday afte= r=20 state officials and power suppliers failed to reach an agreement on the=20 disputed charges.=20 Gov. Gray Davis (D) and California power officials wanted $8.9 billion in= =20 refunds dating back to May 2000, when the state's energy crisis began.=20 A group of generating companies headed by units of Duke Energy Corp., Relia= nt=20 Energy Inc. and Williams Cos. offered refunds of $716.1 million in the past= =20 week, going back to October. The companies said refunds should be offset by= =20 the larger amounts they are owed for unpaid power deliveries to the state.= =20 "The numbers were too far apart," Curtis L. Wagner Jr., chief judge of the= =20 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, told reporters after two weeks of=20 closed negotiations ended yesterday. Wagner acknowledged that his refund=20 number was imprecise and said further hearings before FERC are needed to pi= n=20 down the figure.=20 Calpine Corp. of San Jose and possibly one other supplier are expected to= =20 reach individual settlements with the state, the judge said.=20 "A lot of the parties genuinely wanted to settle and others didn't," Wagner= =20 told reporters. "There's an old southern saying," said the 72-year-old=20 Tennessean. "You can take a horse to water, but you can't make it drink."= =20 He declined to say which side balked, but previously he had blasted=20 California officials for not modifying their initial demands.=20 Wagner said he will send his own refund formula to FERC's five commissioner= s=20 within a week. His formula essentially will reflect what he thinks reasonab= le=20 electricity prices would have been in the state at various times since=20 October, considering fuel costs and other factors. Charges over those level= s=20 would be subject to refund, if FERC agrees.=20 The judge's recommendation is likely to carry considerable weight with FERC= 's=20 commissioners, according to energy analysts. Earlier this year, FERC=20 tentatively ordered $125 million in refunds for the first three months of= =20 this year, an amount that Davis called far too low.=20 Facing increasing political pressure from Congress, FERC -- with two new=20 members appointed by President Bush -- has taken a harder line on Californi= a=20 's power prices. Last month, the commissioners imposed price restraints on= =20 wholesale power transactions in California and 10 other western states.=20 Wagner patterned his formula after FERC's ruling last month.=20 The nation's wealthiest state has been battered by an extraordinary surge i= n=20 electricity and gas prices that have pushed its electricity costs up from $= 7=20 billion in 1999 to an estimated $27 billion last year. Power prices did not= =20 retreat from record levels until last month.=20 Davis's top aides quickly claimed vindication yesterday.=20 "We think the numbers, even using the judge's formula, are going to be in t= he=20 multiple billions," said Michael Kahn, chairman of the California Independe= nt=20 System Operator, the state's power grid manager.=20 Kahn noted that the state refused to drop a growing list of legal claims=20 against the principal energy suppliers, most of them headquartered outside= =20 the state. The companies had insisted on being released from the state's=20 legal claims as part of any settlement, according to sources close to the= =20 negotiations.=20 "We will have a viable claim in state court and other jurisdictions for the= =20 remainder," Kahn said. " California will get its $8.9 billion."=20 But the state's own expert witness, economist Eric Hildebrandt, chief marke= t=20 monitor for the California grid, testified before Wagner that the=20 out-of-state generators and other nonpublic power suppliers would owe about= =20 $3.7 billion using FERC's pricing formula of last month -- less than half t= he=20 $8.9 billion goal.=20 Duke Energy is "very pleased'' by Wagner's action, said Brent Bailey, vice= =20 president and general counsel of the Charlotte-based company. The generator= s,=20 however, repeated their claims that Davis is trying to make them scapegoats= =20 for the state's failed electricity deregulation plan.=20 The major generators, in a statement yesterday, said they had delivered onl= y=20 20 million megawatt hours out of the 145 million the state power grid used= =20 from October 2000 to last May. (A megawatt supplies enough power for about= =20 750 homes.)=20 California utilities and municipal power companies also reaped large profit= s,=20 the generators said.=20 "The refunds sought by California would send a profoundly counterproductive= =20 message to suppliers: when prices are low and surpluses exist, you face a= =20 steep downside; when scarcity develops and prices rise we will take away al= l=20 upside [profit]. No one will invest [in California power facilities] in tha= t=20 climate," the generators' statement said. "The power supply shortage thus= =20 will continue without relief."=20  http://www.washingtonpost.com=20 Contact: http://www.washingtonpost.com=20          Economy=20  California and Energy Companies Miss Deadline By Richard B. Schmitt ?=20 07/10/2001=20 The Wall Street Journal=20 Page A2=20 (Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)=20 WASHINGTON -- State officials and power-company executives failed to meet a= =20 federal deadline for settling $8.9 billion of disputed California electrici= ty=20 charges, as a federal mediator overseeing the talks suggested the state's= =20 demand was excessive.=20 Cautioning that he hadn't done formal calculations, Curtis L. Wagner Jr., t= he=20 chief administrative law judge of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission,= =20 put the level of potential refunds at "hundreds of millions of dollars, may= be=20 a billion dollars." He also said any sums due the state could well be offse= t=20 by monies its insolvent utilities owe in unpaid power bills.=20 Mr. Wagner said he would recommend to the commission that any refunds be=20 calculated only from October -- the state had been seeking rebates calculat= ed=20 from May 2000 -- in line with an earlier FERC jurisdictional ruling. That= =20 decision alone would shave $3 billion from the $8.9 billion claim.=20 Mr. Wagner, who is expected to issue formal findings in the next few days,= =20 said he would recommend that the FERC hold an evidentiary hearing to assess= =20 the correct method for figuring refunds.=20 The collapse of the talks doesn't preclude individual deals later between= =20 energy companies and the state, which has accused them of overcharging for= =20 power during the past two years. Yesterday, some industry lawyers indicated= a=20 willingness to keep bargaining, and Mr. Wagner said two "partial" settlemen= ts=20 were in the works.=20 Yet, absent any such solution, the overcharge issue -- a flash point in the= =20 California power crisis -- is apt to be resolved in protracted legal and=20 regulatory proceedings, which could drag on for months or even years.=20 The negotiations began June 25, with a deadline set for midnight last night= .=20 But late yesterday, participants indicated they were billions of dollars=20 apart, with basic differences over everything from the disputed charges to= =20 doubts about whether the FERC, which ordered the talks, could enforce a dea= l=20 because of the industry's questions about the reach of the agency's=20 authority.=20 "We haven't reached a settlement. We really haven't come close," said John= =20 Stout a senior vice president of Reliant Energy Inc.'s wholesale-power grou= p.=20 Reliant had offered to pay California about $50 million to extricate itself= =20 from the fight. That is more than a third of the Houston company's operatin= g=20 profit during the relevant period, he said, although far shy of the more th= an=20 $375 million California sought from Reliant.=20 Mr. Wagner said the industry offered a total of $716 million to settle the= =20 matter.=20 The refund issue is fast becoming a test of the agency's authority and=20 credibility. The FERC, a onetime regulatory backwater, has come under inten= se=20 scrutiny of late for its largely hands-off monitoring of deregulated=20 California markets. The commission has ordered some companies to pay refund= s,=20 but they have been relatively small -- such as a $124 million rebate coveri= ng=20 wholesale electricity bills in California in January and February.=20 California Gov. Gray Davis has said he hopes two new FERC members will take= a=20 much more aggressive tack. The agency is expected to act quickly on the=20 judge's call for a hearing and other findings.=20 Yesterday, Michael Kahn, a San Francisco lawyer representing Gov. Davis at= =20 the settlement, declared he was "gratified" by Mr. Wagner's findings, sayin= g=20 they validated the state's claims to some refunds, a concept the industry h= ad=20 rejected at the talks' outset. "We've had a ringing endorsement of the idea= =20 of refunds and we'll get back lots of money," he said, adding that what the= =20 state doesn't recoup via the FERC it will pursue in court.=20 But power generators, who derided the state's request for a huge refund as= =20 "ludicrous" and "unsound," felt vindicated by yesterday's proceedings. "The= =20 state came away with far less than its expectations," said Robert Loeffler,= =20 an attorney for a unit of AES Corp. of Arlington, Va. "The common expectati= on=20 now is that any refunds will be way below this $9 billion." 
 Super.  Thanks a bunch.  See you tomorrow.    "Delaney Hunter" <dhunter@smithandkempton.com> 11/30/2000 10:55 AM Please respond to dhunter 
 Let's go ahead and do a call.  Good time for the 3 of us to catch up on what we've been up to (unless Alan and Sue are strongly opposed).  But no need to set up a formal agenda.  Best, Jeff    Joseph Alamo 07/10/2001 11:41 AM 
 That's true, but we're trying to find substantive reasons for having the meeting....    Susan J Mara 07/10/2001 12:05 PM 
 you're an angel (and, you're on the side of the angels).  Best, Jeff 
 you'll be pleased to know that people whom i barely know in the SF office are approaching me and ribbing me good about my expression in the pie video. mission accomplished.  signed, alligator skin 
 chk email.  day just forwarded draft of dunn letter.  jeff 
 Published Tuesday, July 10,  2001     State discloses spot power  buys  By Andrew  LaMar TIMES STAFF WRITER   SACRAMENTO -- They range from small power  sales of $922,000 by the East Bay Municipal Utility District to more than $1  billion of power sold by Atlanta-based Mirant power company.  All told, California paid $7.7  billion in spot purchases of electricity from 69 agencies across the United  States during the first five months of 2001, according to a report delivered to  lawmakers Monday.  The data also shows that the state paid a hefty average of $263 per megawatt-hour for the power. But what's most striking is the long list of agencies, both private and public, that sold power to California.  Agencies like the Los Angeles Department of Water & Power, $331 million;  the California Independent System Operator, $3.9 million; Public Service Company of New Mexico, $126 million; and PG&E Energy Trading Company, $24 million.  Receiving the most money was Atlanta-based Mirant, which sold $1.2 billion of  electricity to the state January through May. The second-largest seller was  Powerex, a subsidiary of Canada's BC Hydro, which earned $1 billion.  The total cost per day ranged from as little as $20 million to more than $100  million on three separate days in May, when hot weather and tight supplies  boosted spot market prices.  In addition, the report reveals that the state's energy consultants significantly underestimated the amount of energy the state would need to buy in  April and May. Navigant Consulting, Inc., forecast the state would have to buy  12.1 million megawatt-hours for the two months but the state ended up purchasing  15.1 million megawatt-hours.    The Sellers  The following is a partial list of companies that sold electricity into the California spot power market from Jan. 18 through May 31. For a full list, go to  www.contracostatimes.com.    Company name, total dollar amount:  Allegheny Energy, $97,113,823  Arizona Public Services, $748,400  Automated Power Exchange, $2,541  Bonneville Power, $167,543,006  BP Energy, $110,776,576  California Department of Water Resources, $84,672,490  Calpine Energy, $29,169,658  City of Anaheim, $6,707,456  City of Burbank, $92,271,904  City of Glendale, $16,106,550  City of Redding, $85,280  City of Riverside, $62,700  City of Seattle, $2,461,225  City of Tacoma, $2,353,465  City of Vernon, $4,398,288  Commission de Federale Electricidad, $9,800,460  Duke Energy, $164,325,467  Dynegy, $296,294,363  East Bay Municipal Utility District, $922,560  El Paso Merchant Energy, $83,923,493  Enron Power Marketing, Inc., $44,276,800  Eugene Water & Electric Board, $94,147,219  Fresno Cogeration, $214,008  Grant County PUD, $49,013,211  Merrill Lynch Capital Services, $92,185,980  Modesto Irrigation District, $87,500  Morgan Stanley Capital Group, $8,864,625  Nevada Power Company, $25,378,035  PG&E Energy Trading Companies, $23,718,708  Portland General Electric Company, $354,821  Public Service Company of New Mexico, $126,799,436  Puget Sound Energy, $40,000  Reliant Energy Service, $122,598,810  Sacramento Municipal Utility District, $80,673,353  San Diego Gas & Electric, $5,768,380  Sempra Companies, $429,019,440  Silicon Valley Power (City of Santa Clara), $116,000  TransCanada Power, $38,829,528  Tucson Electric Power, $10,236,050  UC Davis Med Center, $1,141,600  U.S. Dept. of Energy, $2,605,855 
 i was never mad at you.  i thought that you were mad at me for interrupting your soliloquy.    Colleen Silva <Csilva@redsky.com> 07/10/2001 02:26 PM 
 fear not o boisterous one.  you know that eggers is speaking in SF in the fall, right?    Colleen Silva <Csilva@redsky.com> 07/10/2001 02:50 PM 
 FYI:  Set up a meeting with Kari Dohn for next Wednesday. 
 Thanks, Ken.  I'm focused on the letter, so it would be very helpful if you could draft some brief message points and email to me and Karen.  Then the three of us can bounce them around a  bit before distributing to the larger group for comment.  Thanks again.  Best, Jeff    "Ken Smith" <ken@kdscommunications.com> 07/10/2001 02:55 PM Please respond to "Ken Smith" 
 herbst theatre. 
 ....where geniuses speak...    Colleen Silva <Csilva@redsky.com> 07/10/2001 03:03 PM 
 John Fielder SVP of Edison will expect Dave and Mike (and me, if I'm not wrappped up in the interminable BS to try and get CA's market back on its feet) at Edison's offices in Sacramento at 1 PM tomorrow, Wednesday, July 11th.  Address:  1201 K Street (12th & K) Suite 1810 Sacramento 916.441.3966  Best, Jeff 
 got your message.  talk to you at 5 pm your time.  best, Jeff 
 you want to be on call at 5PM CDT w/Sanders and Kirby?  Best, Jeff 
 thanks.    9069876@skytel.com 07/10/2001 03:49 PM 
 FYI.  Something's wacky with your server.  I got Rick's note, but ain't received your original.  And you are, indeed, awesome, MRS. Hunter.  Best, Jeff 
 Worse, there was no attachment in Rick's note.  Could you forward to me the final.  Thanks a gazillon.  Best, Jeff 
 You're fired. 
 FYI. In bizarre times, help can sometimes come from bizarre places.  Granted, we're likely to disagree strongly with Hogan's continued obsession with Poolco, but the discussion in his paper regarding market power may be helpful---I've read the Joskow paper, but haven't yet had a chance to review the Hogan piece.  Steve and I discussed the need to do a focused assessment of the Joskow/Kahn "analysis"  (remember it's Ed Kahn, not Alfred Kahn).  Seems that it would be very useful to fold into that analysis any useful stuff on market power included in the paper done by Hogan & Co.  If, in the end, there ain't nothing useful, so be it.  But seems like there's little downside to exploring it.  Jim, my understanding is that Alan is already working with the fundamentals folks on the Portland desk to deconstruct the Joskow paper.  Might want to include the Hogan paper in those discussions and might also be useful to pull Seabron Adamson into the thinking, too.  Ultimately, may be preferable to have any assessment of Joskow and/or Hogan to come from economists, rather than directly from us.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Please keep confidential until further notice.  Important to note that this was delivered with the understanding that NO ONE has agreed to the specific language.  It was a quick turn around (at Hertzberg's request) to get the original, negotiated agreement into Legislative language (i.e., Martian) as soon as possible so that Hertzberg could try to move on it in the Legislature as soon as possible.  In addition, the Commission is likely to come out with its proposed "rate agreement" sometime this week, and is likely to release DWR's "revenue requirement" next week.  I heard from the Gov's financial advisor that Edison and DWR EACH want 2 cents out of the PUC's recent 3 cent rate increase.  It's going to get very interesting from here.  Best, Jeff 
 Great first cut.  Thanks very much.  Keep 'em coming.  Best, Jeff 
 Kean going to need to see the letter and comment before it goes out?  Jeff 
 Folks.  I'm working on it, but it's going to require quite a bit of work. Please chk your emails later this evening for the next draft.  I'll page folks--those with pagers, that is--to notify when I've emailed it.  Scott, please inform Hedy and Bev.  Best, Jeff 
 fyi. 
 Thanks.  BTW, the pager jab was aimed at you....:)    Karen Denne 07/10/2001 04:52 PM 
 yep.    Joseph Alamo 07/10/2001 07:31 PM 
 FYI. 
 you're fired.    Joseph Alamo 11/30/2000 12:34 PM 
 LADWP, Run By Davis Adviser, Cashed In On Calif Crisis  Dow Jones Capital Markets Report via Dow Jones   By Jason Leopold Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES   LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--On a single day in June 2000, the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, the largest municipal utility in the country, raked in $5 million selling California surplus power for $1,000 a megawatt-hour - about 30 times the average price the utility charged the month before.  That sale, reported by the California Independent System Operator and confirmed by the LADWP in an interview last June, was one of many instances in which the municipal utility cashed in on California's power crisis.  On Monday, the Department of Water Resources, the agency that has been purchasing California's bulk power needs in lieu of the state's cash-strapped utilities, released a detailed report of spot-market power purchases showing the LADWP charged the state an average of $242 a megawatt-hour for power from Jan. 18 through May 31 this year. That price is about $35 higher than those charged by most of the out-of-state generators Gov. Gray Davis has criticized repeatedly as price gougers.  Potentially embarrassing for the Davis administration, however, is that the LADWP was formerly run by General Manager David Freeman, who in April became Davis' top energy adviser.  Steve Maviglio, press secretary to Davis, said Texas-based generators are primarily to blame for the high wholesale prices that crippled the state's two largest utilities.  "Anywhere they wear cowboy hats, they probably have handkerchiefs across their face, because they are robbing us blind," he said. "The bad guys are clearly the out-of-state generators."  Freeman's trademark is a white Stetson.  The former LADWP chief, who last September quipped that a "blind pig could make money" under California's faulty deregulation setup, didn't return calls for comment.  Freeman took a leave of absence from the LADWP in January to negotiate long-term power contracts on behalf of the state.  Power To Sell   According to the DWR report, the LADWP brought in $331 million selling power to the state between Jan. 18 and May 31 this year.  The LADWP, which didn't take part in the state's deregulation debacle and which isn't under the jurisdiction of federal energy regulators, also cashed in throughout 2000. The utility has 7,000 megawatts of generation capacity but only needs about 5,500 MW to serve its retail customers, freeing it to sell as much as 1,000 megawatts to the ISO at prices comparable to what the generators were charging.  The LADWP did so well that it was able to pay down $200 million in debt and will reduce its customers' rates in 2002.  "It just shows you that enterprise is where you find it," Freeman said in an interview last year.  Last July, ratings agency Fitch concluded that California's electricity shortage provided LADWP "an opportunity for the sale of surplus power at favorable prices which added to the municipal system's coffers."  According to a report by the ISO, manager of the state's electricity grid, the LADWP overcharged California for power from May 2000 through February 2001 by as much as $20 million. Maviglio said the state will pursue refunds from the utility.  On Tuesday, an LADWP spokesman defended the utility's power prices, saying the costs of producing electricity were extremely high.  The ISO has estimated that the state was overcharged nearly $9 billion for electricity sales in the 12 months ended May 2001. On Monday, settlement talks between state officials and generators over the refunds broke down.  Other municipal utilities, including the Sacramento Municipal Utility District and private companies like BC Hydro in Canada, have also racked up enormous sums selling surplus power to California at the last minute.  -By Jason Leopold, Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3874; jason.leopold@dowjones.com   (END) Dow Jones Newswires  07-10-01  1557EDT  (AP-DJ)--07-10-01 1557EDT :TICKER: EIX PCG SRE :SUBJECT: EUTL CA COBO MU PETR Copyright (c) 2001 Dow Jones and Company, Inc. Received by NewsEDGE/LAN: 7/10/01 12:57 PM 
 FYI.  Please pass to Hedy and Bev.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings;  I've tried to accommodate everyone's comments, but there's still a hole or two.   In addition, seems that the letter would benefit from a bit more editing to make it shorter.  Richard, note that I've left a place holder in the opening paragraph to fill in a summary of our arguments and the conditions under which we'd be willing to produce certain documents.  Best, Jeff 
 Apologies that it took so long.  Just sent it.  Needed a hell of a lot of work, including researching for cites.  Best, Jeff    Susan J Mara 07/11/2001 01:13 AM 
 Thanks, Sue.  Talk to you in a couple minutes.  Jeff 
 Here's the final with the changes that we discussed incorporated.  Steve, give it one last quick read---I made a few other minor editorial comments. Maureen:  It will need to be fixed at the end for Steve's signature.  If there's anything else just holler.  Best, Jeff 
 just emailed the letter.  jeff 
 Peace'll blow a freakin' gasket.  that alone is makes it worthwhile.  best, jeff 
 CPUC SCHEDULES WEDNESDAY NOON PRESS BRIEFING California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) President Loretta Lynch will hold a press briefing, Wednesday, July 11, 2001, at noon in the Auditorium of the State Office Building, 505 Van Ness Ave., San Francisco. President Lynch will provide background on items on the Agenda for the Commission meeting on Thursday, July 12, 2001, which begins at 10 a.m., also in the CPUC Auditorium.  The CPUC Communications Office is providing a phone call-in number, listen-in-only, for tomorrow's briefing: 1-888-455-9647, passcode 92105. 
 FYI.  Thanks very much for you help on this.  Let the games begin.  Best, Jeff 
 At this point, yes, that's sort of how I feel about it.  Unless someone can come up with some damned good reasons to do otherwise. 
 Folks:  Please see highlighted sections.  Anyone seen Byron's plan?  Know where it's headed, etc.?  Best, Jeff ************************************************************************* Power purchase bills exceed $7.5 billion Published Tuesday, July 10, 2001, in the San Jose Mercury News BY MARK GLADSTONE, NOAM LEVEY AND DION NISSENBAUM  Mercury News Sacramento Bureau   SACRAMENTO -- Six months after jumping into the electricity business, the Davis administration on Monday provided the first detailed glimpse of California's daily power purchases, showing more than $5 billion in payments, much of it to government-owned utilities and private companies that state officials have branded as price gougers. The state spent an additional $2.5 billion on a variety of contracts and other electricity services designed to stabilize the volatile energy markets, according to documents that the state agreed to release last week amid a legal dispute over public access to the data. In roughly the first five months of the year, the state shelled out $1.2 billion to Atlanta-based Mirant, the most any company was paid for electricity, followed by $1 billion to Powerex, the marketing arm of BC Hydro in British Columbia. It also paid $331 million to the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power. The documents raise questions about some of the common assumptions that have arisen around the electricity crisis. For instance, almost 40 percent of the state's purchases have come from government-run power generators in California and elsewhere, but not Texas; some of the biggest suppliers are from the Northwest. Gov. Gray Davis, who has ambitions to run for the White House, has put much of the blame for the soaring costs of power on energy companies based in President Bush's home state. The figures are tucked inside 1,770 of pages of invoices that Davis has resisted divulging, saying disclosure would encourage suppliers to charge more. The state, which last month released information on its long-term electricity contracts worth $43 billion, agreed Thursday to release the first quarter details. Short on explanation The figures were disclosed late Monday by the California Department of Water Resources, which buys power for the state's financially strapped major utilities, and seem to buttress the administration's contention that the price of power is gradually dropping but offer little or no explanation for what prompted the decrease. In January, for instance, the average price for power on the spot market was $321 a megawatt hour. It peaked in April at $332 and dropped to $271 in May. One megawatt powers about 750 homes. Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said the price data supports the governor's assertions that California has been gouged. ``The bad guys are clearly the out-of-state generators,'' Maviglio said. ``There has been a significant shift of money out of California.'' But the documents fail to shed much light on whether, as the administration contends, the price drop was due to long-term power contracts negotiated by the state earlier this year. Critics contend that the Davis administration panicked and rushed into deals that commit the state to pay high prices for many years. Used for support Republican officials used the price information to bolster their attacks against Davis, a Democrat, for signing long-term contracts with power generators even as the price of power on the spot market was coming down, partly because of the declining price of natural gas used to fuel many plants. ``It's more clear than ever that the long-term contracts are a bad deal,'' said Assemblyman Tony Strickland, R-Camarillo. ``The governor's really hurt the ratepayers for the next five or 10 years.'' The newly released bills highlight the volatility of California's energy market, where the price per megawatt hour ranged from $70 to $1,000. On any given day, the records show, the prices from seller to seller varied widely, with some of the highest prices being charged by public utilities and companies outside Texas. On one day in February, for example, San Diego-based Sempra Energy was charging $165 per megawatt hour, the Eugene Water and Electric Board was charging nearly $500 and Duke Energy, a North Carolina company, was charging up to $575. The state's daily spending peaked May 10 at $102.4 million for all power, including the spot market and contracted power. The state began buying power in mid-January on behalf of the state's major utilities, which were unable to borrow money to buy power after amassing enormous debts for electricity. San Jose-based Calpine Corp., which is building several new power plants around California including one in South San Jose, did only $29 million worth of business with the state in the first five months of the year, according to the figures. The state began buying power in mid-January when Pacific Gas & Electric Co. and Southern California Edison Co. were on the ropes financially. PG&E later went into bankruptcy. On Monday, state lawmakers took another shot at trying to cobble together a plan to rescue financially ailing Edison. While most concede that a rescue plan Davis worked out with Edison will not win the necessary support in the Legislature, lawmakers have created several working groups to come up with alternatives. Compromise plan On Monday, state Sen. Byron Sher, D-Redwood City, unveiled the latest compromise proposal that seeks to protect average ratepayers and small businesses from further rate increases and forces everyone else to help finance the Edison bailout. The ``shared pain'' proposal would force power producers, owed about $1 billion, to take a 30 percent ``haircut'' and agree to forgive about $300 million in Edison debts. Edison would be asked to swallow $1.2 billion -- about a third of its debt. And big users would be asked to pay off the remaining $2 billion in debts, possibly by paying higher prices for power. In exchange, large companies would be given the opportunity to buy power on the open market, a system that would allow many of them to sign cheap energy deals. Sher presented the proposal to Senate Democrats Monday afternoon, but it remains unclear how much support the framework will receive in the Legislature.   Contact Mark Gladstone at mgladstone@sjmercury.com or (916) 325-4314. 
 Scott:  Could please sure that Bev gets this?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  415.782.7854.  Better or worse than ours?    Dorothy Rothrock <drothrock@cmta.net> 07/11/2001 11:54 AM 
 Dan Walters: Davis plays in a virtual world while the energy reality continues   (Published July 11, 2001) California still has a very real and very severe energy crisis, to wit: The state is still running up massive debts as it pays more for power than it can recover from ratepayers and is having trouble borrowing billions of dollars to cover the debt. There is a strong possibility, perhaps a probability, that when summer's heat truly descends, there will be severe power blackouts as air conditioners demand more juice than California can generate or buy. One major utility, Pacific Gas and Electric, has filed for bankruptcy protection and a second, Southern California Edison, is on the brink of joining it. There is, however, a virtual energy crisis consisting of political spin, media leaks and made-for-television buzz words -- and it is rapidly becoming dominant, while the real situation fades into the background. This week's comic opera proceedings before a Federal Energy Regulatory Commission administrative judge in Washington had little to do with reality and everything to do with the virtual version. Gov. Gray Davis and other officials demanded $8.9 billion in refunds from the generators and brokers who have been selling California power for the past year, alleging that California is, in Davis' words, "being gouged and ripped off." But the number itself was more or less plucked out of thin air -- an arithmetic exercise by the state power grid's traffic controller not intended for a refund proceeding. And while Judge Curtis Wagner saw it as unrealistic, Davis and other state officials insisted on its validity. "There are refunds due that total hundreds of millions of dollars and maybe a billion dollars," Wagner said as a final negotiating session collapsed. But that's a far cry from the $8.9 billion that Davis insists is due. "If you think California is going to settle for $1 billion in refunds, we will see you in court," Davis said Tuesday. Why is Davis being so belligerent? Because it's good politics. Ever since he began berating out-of-state generators and accusing them of ripping off California, Davis' approval ratings have been climbing. If he settled for substantially less -- the power generators probably would agree to a couple of billion dollars to rid themselves of the matter -- Davis would be embarrassed. Politically, he's served by continuing to portray himself as fighting for California and against the out-of-state generators. That it's more political construct than reality is indicated by another event this week, Davis' release of state power purchase data from early in the year -- numbers that were made public only because a judge told him he had to do it. Davis and his minions have been accusing Texas-based generators and power brokers of particularly egregious price gouging -- clearly playing on Californians' instinctive mistrust of anything Texan and implying that Texan George W. Bush is a co-conspirator. But the power purchase records -- which were released only to journalists willing to pay a stiff fee -- indicate that less than 10 percent of California's power purchase dollars were going to Texas and the private sellers, in general, charged the state less than such publicly owned utilities as the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power. The clearly adverse position being taken by FERC and the purchase data that undercut his jingoistic sloganeering are not, however, deterring Davis from continuing to operate, at least for public consumption, in the melodramatic virtual world. One cannot, however, ignore reality forever. The likelihood of a pro-generator decision from FERC means that there will be no easy out for Davis, or for his pending deal to prevent Southern California Edison from slipping into bankruptcy court. The Legislature has refused to act on the Edison rescue plan while it awaited an indication of whether the utility's debts would be slimmed down by FERC. This week's farcical events make it more likely that the Edison deal will stall out permanently in the Legislature and its creditors will force the utility into bankruptcy court later this summer. That's part of that nasty old reality that cannot simply be wished away.  The Bee's Dan Walters can be reached at (916) 321-1195 or dwalters@sacbee.com . 
 You bet.  Got your and Fran's messages.  If you'd like to discuss by phone, I'm in all day.  Otherwise, I suggest that we do take the following next steps:  Just as soon as you have the proposal and list of participants drafted (which I hope will be very soon), please forward to me. Then, as quickly as possible, I'd like to have a meeting to discuss and finalize the proposal.  It would be very useful if Laura Tyson could be in on that final meeting, and, of course, any other of the participants that you'd like to invite.  We're are somewhat behind the eight ball due to the delays thus far in getting this thing off the ground.  If we're going to do it, it's going to have to come together quickly, and the report will have to be developed very quickly, too.  Hope that will be possible.  I'm assuming at this point that you and I are proceeding ahead absent Mitch and Carl, since they have sensitive issues with their clients that we can't seem to overcome?  And I'll inquire about the need for expert witnesses in the class action suit  and get back to you.  Best, Jeff 
 better or worse than ours?    Dorothy Rothrock <drothrock@cmta.net> 07/11/2001 12:20 PM 
 glad we're not a generator.  best, jeff    Dorothy Rothrock <drothrock@cmta.net> 07/11/2001 12:45 PM 
 just got on.  u listening to loretta?  sounds like it's all about demand-side programs.  jeff 
 "There's a Ken Lay under every bed!"  Steve Peace July 2001    Susan J Mara 07/11/2001 02:38 PM 
 sshhhhhh......let's keep it between us.  (and don't worry, we're having fun in the contempt proceeding that's underway right now as part of Dunn's hearings.)  Best, Jeff    Dorothy Rothrock <drothrock@cmta.net> 07/11/2001 03:11 PM 
 thanks.    Joseph Alamo 07/11/2001 03:16 PM 
 FYI. 
 thanks.  and i apologize profusely for having excluded you from the list.  it was, as you can imagine (having worked together on these fire drills together in the past), it was not pretty---process wise.    Jennifer Thome/ENRON@enronXgate 07/11/2001 04:12 PM 
 no.  you're fired, but you have to stay. 
 plz call when you have a minute.  small core/noncore meltdown i need to fill u in on.  jeff  415.782.7822 
 need watkiss' phone #.  peace's letters to FERC urging FERC to approve CA's (dumb) market structure should be on file there. I'm checking w/smutney. best,jeff 
 you get a copy of our letter to Dunn? 
 thank you 
 u sure its 202.858.5851?  telling me its "not a number."  thx,jeff 
 Congratulations.  That is very exciting and I think everyone knows how darned hard you folks have been working on it.  Look forward to buying you a drink next time we're together to celebrate.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  You may have read that Calpine is close to reaching a deal with the state on its overcharges (about $240MM).  Note from structuring's analysis that Alan sent around that Calpines share of the stranded costs is about 45% of the total amount of stranded costs arising from the DWR contracts.  That is, of the $9.5B (present value) of stranded costs, the Calpine contracts account for about $4.4B  So, in exchange for settling on $240MM, Calpine gets $4.4 B.  Nice work if you can get it. 
 Thought you'd like this.... ****************************************************************************** ************** Political  Philosophies: Explained in Simple "Two-Cow" Terms with an Update for the  state of California  Socialism: You have two cows. You keep one, but  must give the other to your neighbor.  Communism: You have two cows.  The government takes both and provides you with milk.  Fascism: You  have two cows. The government takes both and sells you the  milk.  Bureaucracy: You have two cows. The government takes them,  shoots one, milks the other, pays you for the milk, and then pours it down  the drain.  Dictatorship: You have two cows. The government takes both,  then shoots you.  Capitalism: You have two cows. You sell one and buy a  bull.  Democracy: You have two cows. The government taxes you to the  point that you must sell them both to support a man in a foreign country who  has only one cow, which was a gift from your own  government.  Corporation: You have two cows. You lay one off, force the  other to produce the milk of four cows, then act surprised when it drops  dead.  California: You have two cows. The state tells you how to milk  your cows, when to milk your cows, how much to milk your cows and the most  that you can charge for the milk. You go broke and sell the cows. The state  calls you greedy and blames you for the current milk shortage. 
 Thanks.Glad to hear it. 
 Sue and I discussed, and if it ain't too much trouble, I think the search should go from 1996-1998 and should include any letters to FERC from any legislator (but Peace in particular) and any PUC commissioner (i.e., Fessler).  Best, Jeff 
 Congratulations, Chris.  Best, Jeff 
 Please note Maviglio's comments in response to Sec of State Bill Jones' claim that Davis' consultants have violated ethics laws by not filing conflict of interest reports with the state while working for Davis.  Maviglio sez:  Jones is "on a witch hunt on something outside his jurisdiction." Mark, quit feeding PR lines to Davis' people.  Best, Jeff 
 You got it.  I'll be there.  You get my voicemail on your cell phone?  re: meeting with Brulte's on Monday, not tomorrow.  Best, Jeff 
  State energy contracts must be paid off by users in system  By Ed Mendel SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE STAFF WRITER  July 12, 2001   SACRAMENTO -- California businesses are being hit by big electricity rate increases, some as high as 100 percent, and they would like to be able to shop around for cheaper power.   But state regulators are poised to ban customer choice, or "direct access" as it has come to be called, because they want to make sure that enough customers remain with utilities to pay for state power purchases.   After a month of closed-door talks, the revelation that the state has signed $43 billion worth of long-term power contracts at above-market prices helped scuttle an attempt to work out a compromise in the Assembly.        * <http://www.signonsandiego.com/news/reports/power/20010712-9999_7m12correct. html> For the record: Power story correction  * <http://www.signonsandiego.com/news/reports/power/20010712-9999_1n12enron.ht ml> Senate panel, energy firm fighting tough   <http://www.signonsandiego.com/images/trans_1x1.gif>  "If the intent of the big customers is to leave the small customers paying for those contracts, we are going to fight like hell," said Lenny Goldberg, a lobbyist for The Utility Reform Network.   Jack Stewart, president of the California Manufacturers and Technology Association, said large business users were offering to pay off the back debt of Southern California Edison, estimated at $3.5 billion, in exchange for direct access.   "I thought we were making a lot of progress until the information on the contracts came out," Stewart said. "We really don't have a way of dealing with those contracts."   Now Stewart is suggesting that direct access be slowly phased in over a period of years and that the long-term power contracts be renegotiated, perhaps with some being switched from the state to big-business users.   The manufacturers association and the California Chamber of Commerce helped organize a business coalition, Californians for Energy Action, that wants a cheaper alternative to power purchased for utility customers by the state.   "Many large and small California businesses have seen their electric bills double," says a newspaper ad being run by the coalition this week. "These cost increases are a burden that will cause consumer prices to increase, some businesses to fail and jobs to be lost."   A rate increase approved by the state Public Utilities Commission for PG&E and Edison customers in May fell heaviest on business users. The PUC said that the average residential increase was about 50 percent, while the average business increase was about 75 percent.   Legislation that authorized the state to begin buying power in January for the utilities, who were crippled by a failed deregulation plan, bars rate increases for residential customers who use up to 130 percent of the baseline, the minimal amount deemed necessary for a household.   Senate President Pro Tempore John Burton, D-San Francisco, and other legislators have argued that large businesses should bear most of the burden of the failed deregulation plan because it was business, not residential consumers, who pushed for deregulation.   Alan Zaremberg, president of the California Chamber of Commerce, said that forcing businesses to bear a "disproportionate" rate increase will cost everyone through higher prices for goods and services and possibly a loss of jobs.   "If government didn't allow implementation of deregulation in the right manner," Zaremberg said, "then we all have to find a solution. We are all in this together, and that's residential and business alike."   The legislation that authorized the state to buy power also directed the PUC to ban direct access power purchases, if the loss of rate revenue from the departing customers would harm the ability to pay off a power bond.   The state plans to issue a bond of up to $13.4 billion in September or October to repay the taxpayer-supported state general fund for power purchases. The bond would be paid off by ratepayers over 15 years.   Last week, the Senate rejected a bill by Sen. Debra Bowen, D-Marina del Rey, on a 19-12 vote that would have allowed businesses to shop for power if they paid an "exit fee" to protect the bond payments. Business groups said the fee was too large and would not result in lower power costs.   "I cannot carry a direct-access bill that makes it harder to sell the bonds or that shifts costs from large users, who leave for cheaper power, to smaller users and residential ratepayers," Bowen said.   Burton and Bowen have both criticized Gov. Gray Davis' plan to keep Southern California Edison from joining Pacific Gas and Electric in bankruptcy. They say the plan, which includes the state purchase of the Edison transmission system, is too generous to Edison.   Both Burton and Bowen have suggested that an Edison bankruptcy may not be a calamity. But in the Assembly, Speaker Robert Hertzberg, D-Van Nuys, launched a drive for an alternative Edison rescue plan that was based on gaining business support by offering direct access.   Hertzberg asked a former Democratic assemblyman, Phil Isenberg of Sacramento, to try to work out an agreement among the various special interest groups: business, labor, consumers and generators.   The basic plan considered by the Isenberg group would have left "core" customers -- residences and small businesses -- in a regulated system receiving power at stable prices from the generators and contracts retained by the utilities.   Businesses and other large users, the "non-core" customers, would be free to shop around for low-cost power by 2003 if they agreed to help pay off the Edison debt.   The Edison rate increase for large users would be limited to 50 percent. The PUC would create a "balancing account" to track costs, issuing a refund if too much was collected or raising rates if revenue fell short.   Business and generator groups told Hertzberg last week that they reached agreement on a general framework, with the exception of the state purchase of the Edison transmission system and some other issues. But the consumer and labor representatives opposed the framework.   Mike Florio of The Utility Reform Network said in a dissenting statement that an across-the-board allocation of state power costs would be "clearly unfair" and cause residential users to subsidize direct-access customers.   Hertzberg said he is considering some of the ideas in the framework presented by the Isenberg group and may make a proposal in a week or two.   "We are looking at all the possibilities," Hertzberg said. "We are trying to do some form of direct access within the current contract structure." 
 Talked to Dave.  In a nut shell, here are the problem areas in the bill as he sees it.  It was a very brief conversation, but I think I've captured the key points: Based on an expectation that the "expedited siting" bill would help site plants, Dave's group had six plants on the drawing board.  The 5 ppm requirement kills 4 of the 6, i.e., the 4 can't meet the 5 ppm requirement. The requirement that the plants would either be 1) shut down after 3 years or 2) replaced with a combined-cycle plant kills the other 2 because a) shutting down the plants in 3 years kills the economics, and b) the sites for the two LM-6000s can't accomodate combined cylces (i.e., Dave couldn't get siting). In addition,the generator would be required to sign an exclusive with the ISO (which the EOB would have to approve), which takes away the optionality of going to the market, thus killing the economics. On the labor side, it's complicated, but in essence, by requiring that "...it be shown that the applicant has a contract with a general contractor and has contracted for an adequate supply of skilled labor to construct, operate, and maintain the plant," it forces Dave to negotiate a labor deal before he knows what the project is (i.e, before the project has been approved), and, it effectively prevents Enron from having the option to use internal resources (this issue is very specific to Enron; I can explain more if folks prefer).  In short, bullets 1-3 would seem to affect both Enron and the market, while the last bullet is, according to Dave, very Enron specific.  Point 2 in bullet 4, according to Dave is sensitive and should not be made public.  If any questions, let me know.  Bruno has emailed the price cap and the "general-funds-to-help-finance-the-cap" bills, and faxed the siting bill.  Best, Jeff 
 could you please print this out for me.  greatly indebted. 
 - wagner recommendation.txt 
 FYI.  California takes it in the chin from the FERC judge.  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you SO much.  This is it.  Really appreciate it. 
 here it is.  sorry, thought it had been forwarded this to you previously.  best, jeff 
 Please forward to others who need this information.  As you know, Enron's been involved with a group of business customers, small customers, labor and enviros trying to hammer out a core/noncore proposal that would act as a key modification to Edison's MOU with the Governor.  Today, the Assembly leadership released a bill (AB 82XX) that modifies the MOU but does not follow the core/noncore proposal negotiated by the group. The bill just came out, is about 80 pages long, and thorough analysis has not yet been completed.  The URL for the bill is attached.  Based on a meeting attended this morning in Sacramento,the key features of the bill( which is attached) are:  Direct Access suspended until 1.1.2003 (suspension presumably effective on the effective date of the bill) Transmission sale at 2X book. Approximately 90% (or greater) of Edison's undercollection absorbed by customers 20KW and above. Create a Trust to address the money owed to the generators and offer the generators 70 cents on the dollar (but does not do away with the suits, investigations, etc.) The bill is completely silent regarding who will pay for the DWR contracts and what the payment structure will look like.  Reaction and Timetable Very chaotic, with considerable uncertainty about where (if anywhere) the bill will go, leaving many to believe that bankruptcy remains a strong possibility. Business customers (and of course Enron) are strongly opposed Republicans are strongly opposed Labor has big problems with the Tx sale unless they get assurances that TX labor jobs are guaranteed, which is not yet included in the bill We are working with business to remove the Direct Access suspension We are also working on the Senate side to attempt to get the Senate to include Direct Access in their version of the modified MOU, but the Senate has been more hostile than the Assembly to Direct Access. Senate Democrats still intend to run a bill that delinks payment of the bonds to repay General Fund for power already purchased from the DWR contracts. AB82XX does not address this issue. Senate Democrats also intend to craft their own version of a "modified MOU." Word is that the Senate will release their bond language and their "modified" MOU this weekend or early next week. The Assembly will hold an "informational" hearing on the bill tomorrow (Saturday) to get members up to speed The Assembly will have a committee hearing and vote on the bill on Monday, with the intent of sending the bill to the full Assembly for a vote on Tuesday. The Legsilature is supposed to have a month-long recess beginning Friday, July 20th, which requires that both the budget and the energy issue get resolved by then, or suspend the recess and continue working  Will continue to provide updates as events unfold. If folks have additional comments on the bill, please direct them to Harry Kingerski and Leslie Lawner, who will ensure that they get into the hands of our lobbyists in Sacramento.  If there are any questions, my pager is 888.916.7184.  Best, Jeff - abx2_82_bill_20010712_intro.pdf 
 Calif DWR Seen Asking PUC To Order 25% Rate Increase Fri By Jason Leopold  07/13/2001 Dow Jones Energy Service (Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)  Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES (This article was originally published earlier Friday.)  LOS ANGELES -(Dow Jones)- The California Department of Water Resources, the agency purchasing a bulk of the state's power needs in lieu of the three investor-owned utilities, is expected to tell state regulators Friday that they need to increase electricity rates by as much as 25%.  This is because there are insufficient funds in the current revenue stream to cover a $13.4 billion bond sale, three commissioners with the Public Utilities Commission told Dow Jones Newswires late Thursday.  PUC President Loretta Lynch is expected to issue a draft decision Friday either endorsing the rate hike request or calling for an audit of the DWR's current revenue stream before she makes a decision, aides in her office said.  If the PUC determines that there are not enough funds in the current rate structure to cover the bond sale, it will have no choice but to order the rate increase, according to the legislation that put the state in the power buying business.  Businesses are expected to bear most of the burden of the rate increase, the second in just two months, if approved by the PUC, the commissioners said. "Back in May when we ordered the first rate increase, we said we may be forced to do it again by the summer," one commissioner said.  "It's unfortunate, but it shouldn't be a shock to anyone. The state has made an enormous commitment to Wall Street that rates would go up whenever it's needed to ensure there is enough money to pay off those bonds."  Lynch and a spokesman for the DWR were unavailable for comment late Thursday.  Separately, Assembly Speaker Pro Tem Fred Keeley, D-Boulder Creek, has drafted a proposal expected to be introduced into the Assembly Friday or Saturday that would have large businesses using the most electricity to finance the bulk of the $43 billion in long-term power supply contracts, aides in his office said. Moreover, Keeley's plan is aimed at reducing rates for consumers who use the least amount of power. Details of the plan are still sketchy, aides said.  Possible Rate Hike To Generate $2.5B Yearly For State  The 50% rate increase ordered in May is expected to generate $5 billion annually, and if the PUC orders a 25% increase, that is expected to generate $2.5 billion. However, it is still unclear if that is enough, the commissioners said.  Businesses are expected to bear most of the burden of the rate increase, the second in four months, if approved by the PUC, the three commissioners said. Since January, the state has spent nearly $8.5 billion buying electricity on behalf of customers of Edison International (EIX) unit Southern California Edison, Sempra Energy (SRE) unit San Diego Gas & Electric and PG&E Corp. (PCG) unit Pacific Gas & Electric.  The state has borrowed more than $7 billion from its general fund, which must be repaid by ratepayers at 6% interest, to purchase power.  In addition, the state has locked itself into $43 billion in long-term power supply contracts at high prices for as much as 20 years to ensure there is enough power to meet demand. Future rate increases to finance the contracts are likely, state officials have said.  But if the PUC orders another rate increase, the money won't benefit the utilities, which have billions of dollars in power costs to recover. Instead, it will be used to guarantee Wall Street financial institutions that there is sufficient funds in the rate structure to allow $13.4 billion in revenue bonds to be sold.  The bonds are expected to be sold in August or September, said state Treasurer Phil Angelides.  The commissioners said the PUC and the DWR waited to address another rate hike to see if state officials and generators were successful in coming to terms on $8.9 billion the state says it was overcharged for power since last year.  After two weeks of hearings between generators and a delegation of California utility executives and energy officials, talks broke down Monday. Generators offered the state $716 million in refunds, but Gov. Gray Davis balked, threatening to sue to recover the full $8.9 billion.  Any refunds would have been disbursed to the utilities and the DWR, which could have deferred the need for any rate increase, according to Steve Maviglio, press secretary to Davis.  An administrative law judge with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission said Thursday he will recommend that the commission not order cash refunds to California because the state's utilities owe far more money to the generators than what he thinks the state is owed.  -By Jason Leopold; Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3874; jason.leopold@dowjones.com 
 I can make time.  Let's try to let Leslie vacation.  Also, I'm having a memo prepared that should be ready first thing Monday AM on the CA Commission's policies regarding utility use of hedging instruments.  Just let me know when you'd like to talk.  Best, Jeff 
 who's johnson? 
 As you know, we've been working for about an eternity to unbundle SoCalGas'= =20 system.  90+% of the industry agreed to an unbundling solution and filed it= =20 as a settlement at the Commission.  In opposition, muni generators and TURN= =20 supported SoCalGas' original proposal to essentially maintain the status qu= o=20 (SoCalGas eventually came over to our side, as did Southern California=20 Edison). =20  A judge's proposed decision came out the day before Thanksgiving adopting t= he=20 settlement advocated by the muni generators and TURN. =20  If it weren't for the continual barrage of retrograde policy pronouncements= =20 coming from the "new" California PUC, folks would be genuinely shocked by t= he=20 judge's proposed decision, but as things are, it was somewhat expected.  There's one silver lining:  We managed to get in both settlements an=20 identical provision that eliminates a substantial amount of financial risk = TW=20 would have faced but for the provision.  So from that perspective, the choi= ce=20 to go with the TURN/muni settlement and embrace the status quo does no harm= . =20 It does considerable harm, however, when compared to the significant value= =20 that would have been created if the judge adopted the the unbundling=20 settlement.  We have a chance to go on the record in a trade publication "California=20 Energy Markets."  Recent events might persuade us to keep a low profile=20 generally at this point.  On the other hand, perhaps the time is right to= =20 start coming out of our corner just a bit and pointing out the very poor jo= b=20 this Commission is doing in managing California's energy policy.  I'm=20 squarely on the fence at this point and am seeking feedback.  A proposed=20 comment is attached. =20  Two questions:  1) Do folks think that there's value in providing a comment?  2) If so, does this statement work, or do folks have suggestions?  Thanks, Jeff  "The California Public Utilities Commission has a choice. It can adopt the= =20 same, common sense natural gas policy for Southern California that=01,s bee= n in=20 place and working well for consumers in PG&E=01,s service territory.  Or it= =20 stick with the status quo, which the industry agrees is at least partially= =20 responsible for bottlenecks and high prices in California.  The proposed=20 decision opts for the status quo.  That's not going to California=01,s natu= ral=20 gas problems and it=01,s likely to make matters worse in California's elect= ric=20 industry." 
 California Power-Price Boost Not Needed, Agency Says (Update1) By Daniel Taub   Sacramento, California, July 13 (Bloomberg) -- California regulators won't need to raise electricity prices for consumers to cover a planned $13.4 billion bond sale, said a spokesman for the agency that buys power on behalf of the state's utilities.  The California Department of Water Resources, which has spent more than $7.7 billion on power this year, is expected to recommend a rate increase of as much as 25 percent, Dow Jones reported today, citing three unnamed members of the state's Public Utilities Commission. Oscar Hidalgo, a spokesman for the agency, said no rate increase is expected.  ``Our folks are stunned by this revelation because it is nowhere near what our numbers show,'' Hidalgo said. ``In fact our numbers show that there is no need for any increase beyond what's already been done.''  The Department of Water Resources will submit a report to the California Public Utilities Commission today or Monday with the state's revenue requirements for repaying a planned $13.4 billion bond sale, Hidalgo said. The bonds are to be repaid by customers of utilities owned by PG&E Corp., Edison International and Sempra Energy.  The bond sales, the largest municipal offering in U.S. history, are scheduled to begin in September. Governor Gray Davis has said repeatedly that he believes the bonds can be repaid without further rate increases. His position hasn't changed, spokesman Steve Maviglio said today.  Previous Increases  In March, the PUC voted to boost rates by 3 cents a kilowatt- hour at the state's two largest utilities. Rates at PG&E's Pacific Gas & Electric, the largest California utility, would rise by as much as 36 percent and Southern California Edison rates would rise by as much as 27 percent, the PUC said at the time.  The average consumer-price increase would be 30 percent, the PUC said. The increase, the second this year, was intended to help the state pay for power purchases. The PUC voted in January to raise rates about 10 percent.  California Treasurer Philip Angelides has said that the bonds will let the state cushion the immediate rate impact on residents and businesses by spreading power costs over time. The debt will be repaid over 15 years.  Investors have said they can't predict how the bonds will be received without knowing how much cushion is built into the revenue pledge backing the debt.  Legislation that paved the way for the bonds allows the state to raise electricity rates as needed to cover debt repayment. That pledge, typical for revenue bonds, usually entails a promise to raise a specific level of money annually to cover interest and principal payments on the debt and provide an added cushion.  That formula, known as a debt service coverage ratio, must result in investment-grade ratings for California's power bonds, according to the legislation. Investors want assurance that an issuer will raise rates to maintain the promised cushion, even if increases aren't needed at the time of the bond sale. 
   Barry, et al:  FYI.  Some initial info I got from our outside council regarding utility authority to engage in financial risk management tools.  More info to follow as we get it.  If you have quesitons, comments, or suggestions for additional research needed, just holler. Please forward to others who might need it.  Best, Jeff  ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ ++  Electric:  SCE, PG&E and SDG&E are all authorized to enter into bilateral forward transactions with non-ISO or PX parties.  D.00-08-023 and D.00-09-075.  These transactions are limited to contracts which must expire on or before 12-31-05.  Initial contracts are subject to a blanket reasonableness test (if less than 5% above cost of non-forward cost of portfolio=deemed reasonable)  but contracts after 12-31-02 will be subject to a CPUC preapproval process.  Gas:   PG&E authorized to use gas hedges for all purposes (D.98-12-082) but limited to contracts expiring on or beforce 12-31-02 and limited to $200 million in cost or 800 MMcfd in volume.  We are looking for a similar resolution or decision for Sempra.  Haven't found it yet, but we believe they have been given similar authority. 
 Here's the latest that we have on the legislation ("82XX") released on Friday. The Assembly Energy Committee will hold an "informational" hearing on 82XX at 1:30 PM PDT today. "Informational" means that there won't be a vote today. Attended a meeting this morning with the business groups with Assemblyman Dutra (self-proclaimed pro-biz Democrat, who's an "author"  of 82XX), Hertzberg's chief staffer, and Hertzberg's outside legal consultant. The DWR contracts continue to be the roadblock to a rational solution. Dutra is unhappy with the process thus far----claimed he wasn't familiar with the "more recent version" of the bill, and was unhappy that there would be a hearing today---informational or otherwise--before he and the bill's other authors had agreed to final language from their perspective. Dutra said that he was working to remove the Direct Access suspension and asked the biz groups to hold their fire until the amendments come out tomorrow. PUC President Lynch continues to oppose striking a deal in which the Commission gives up all review of DWR's "revenue requirement" and simply flows all DWR costs through rates (but Davis and his administration are putting her under enormous pressure to buckle under and agree). As a result, details of any "rate agreement" between DWR and the CPUC, and any public announcement by DWR of its "revenue requirement" is could be postponed until next week, unless there's a breakthrough with Loretta. The Governor's consultants now claim (and will reportedly testify at the hearing today) that there is enough room in the 3 cent rate increase to cover both Edison's and DWR's revenue requirements.  (They cite lower gas prices and FERC's price cap as the driving force for the newly-found headroom, though many remain very skeptical.) However, if the deal is applied to PG&E, it is unlikely that the 3 cent rate would be sufficient, according to the same consultants. The plan (at this point) is to have the bill--with amendments--discussed in the same committee tomorrow, and voted out of the committee.  The bill would then be taken to the full Assembly for an up or down vote on Wednesday. It is unclear whether, at this point, there is agreement among Assembly Democrats to vote the bill out of the full Assembly on Wednesday. In addition, Senate Democrats continues to work on their own version  of an Edison "MOU," and the working relationship between the Assembly side and the Senate side appears strained. The Republicans in the Assembly are staunchly opposed to 82XX and are generally being ignored by the Democrats, since the Democrats need no Republicans to get a majority vote to pass bills. Meanwhile, Edison continues to twist.  Will report back after the 1:30 hearing today.  If anyone has questions, don't hesitate to contact me by pager @ 888.916.7184.  Best, Jeff 
 Please note that I didn't include Delainey, Whalley, Lavorato or Kitchen on this note.  Left that to you for your call.  Best, Jeff 
 Sorry so late, but does 4 PM California time work for you?  Best, Jeff 
 The copies have been fed-exed to the home address.  This URL provides those provisions in the contracts that were originally "redacted" in the hard copies released to the public.  Best, Jeff   http://www.sco.ca.gov/power_page/contract_info.htm 
 Drew/Steve/Tony:  I've talked to Dan and he's available to represent Steve during his testimony on Wednesday.  Few things:  Dan's an excellent regulatory lawyer. Dan worked for many years at SoCalGas before going into private practice. Drew, I'll leave to you and Dan to work out the details of any contract for Dan's services. Dan will need immediately: A copy of Steve's testimony. A copy of the PUC Rulemaking, etc. calling for testimony. Any information on the list of parties who have indicated that they will cross Steve and for how long, and any testimony filed by those parties. In addition, I would recommend strongly that Dan and Steve (at a minimum) get on the phone and discuss Steve's testimony tomorrow, and plan to meet prior to the hearing on Wednesday.  If you'd like me to participate in a call tomorrow, just let me know.   If there's anything else I can do, just let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Wanda/Michael.  You aware of this?  I don't recall having received anything from PG&E.  Best, Jeff 
 Great.  Thanks very much, Wanda.  Best, Jeff     Wanda Curry/ENRON@enronXgate 07/16/2001 05:27 PM 
 Thanks so much.  What's the RT fare for SF/Denver?  Best, Jeff    Joseph Alamo 07/16/2001 06:18 PM 
 man, do i OWE you a phone call.  please don't hold it against me. sort of well, you know, a little nuts right now.  but i will reconnect.  i promise. 
 thank you much.  Best, Jeff    Joseph Alamo 07/16/2001 06:28 PM 
 Jim, I think that the point of the "flurry" is that we in California ain't received anything from PG&E.  Seemed that Wanda, from her note, said that she is on top of it.  Can you check in with Tamara and find out what her issues are?  Greatly appreciated.  (From what I heard on the phone last night, sounds like that little girl of yours is going to be an opera singer.)  Best, Jeff    Tamara Johnson@EES 07/17/2001 09:20 AM 
 Here's the note that I sent yesterday.  Let me know if you get this one.  Best, Jeff   The copies have been fed-exed to the home address.  This URL provides those provisions in the contracts that were originally "redacted" in the hard copies released to the public.  Best, Jeff   http://www.sco.ca.gov/power_page/contract_info.htm 
 Mike, Please make sure that Paul and Sue and I get on these notes.  Thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 07/17/2001 07:43 AM 
 FYI.  This is the bill to de-link the bonds from the DWR contracts (recall that the argument to end DA by the Gov's finance folks, the bond folks, and Angelides, the Treasurer stems directly from this linkage).  Though Hertzberg was initially a supporter, his legal consultant has been scared off by the Gov's people (i.e., to de-link would "impair" the contracts, triggering breach, liquidated damages and the end of Western Civilization as we know it).  The Senate ain't buying that line.  As a result, it's now a Senate play, but they need Republicans to get the 2/3's necessary for passage, which ain't likely to be easy.  We urging Brulte to go along, but only  in exchange for deleting the "no DA" language in AB1X and for legislative language assuring that DA will continue.  Best, Jeff    "Scott Govenar" <sgovenar@govadv.com> 07/17/2001 11:27 AM Please respond to sgovenar 
 I've taken a quick look at the bill and have attached for easy viewing.  Few questions.  Mike, I understand from our conversation yesterday that your following this on behalf of Questar.  Do we know if the other pipelines have been active in any discussions on this bill? What about the generators?  Have then been involved, since presumably, their in need of lots more capacity (and they're referenced in the bill)? What about large customers?  They been screaming for more infrastructure, too, and many have blamed SoCalGas (and the PUC) for not delivering it. Do we know if pipelines, generators, large customers are supporting or opposing the bill?  I'll try to check around, too, in between the electric mayhem. There doesn't seem to be anything in the bill that prevents the interstates from building into the state. If that's true, wouldn't the PUC take those projects into account when doing its analysis and only require the utility to construct (and noncore to take) capacity that isn't already being met by others (i.e., interstates) bringing pipe into the state?  Any info you can provide on these fronts would be very useful.  Don't want Enron too far out in front of opposition until we find out a bit more regarding 1) whose fer and agin it and 2) analysis of what the bill actually does/does not do.  Thanks again for the heads up.  Best, Jeff      James D Steffes 07/17/2001 07:43 AM 
 Thanks very much.  I'm assuming that Bev is there in her capacity as lobbyist for Wild Goose on this one?  Can you please let me know 1) the outcome of the meeting and 2) any actions the group intends to take.  I'm here in Sacramento, have alerted Hedy, told her that we're trying to gather more intelligence, and that you and your client are attempting to get folks together to mount opposition.  Give me a call on my cell phone to fill me in on what the group decides.  Finally, what information do you have about where generators and other large customers groups (i.e., CMTA, the Chamber and CLECA) are on the bill?  Best, Jeff    MDay <MDay@GMSSR.com> 07/17/2001 12:38 PM 
 I want to find out what the group comes up with this afternoon, and find out where CMA, the Chamber, CLECA and the generators are first.  You know where they are?  Best, Jeff    MDay <MDay@GMSSR.com> 07/17/2001 12:52 PM 
 FYI. 
 Thanks.  With that, unless I hear otherwise from folks by 4 PM PST---and al= l=20 suggestions on how to make the comment better are welcome and=20 appreciated---I'll go ahead and forward on to Art O'Donnell. 
 thx for email. likely that kirby/dunn will sign deal today?  best, jeff 
 Thanks.  Call me on my cell, or page me after you meeting this afternoon and let's discuss.  Best, Jeff    MDay <MDay@GMSSR.com> 07/17/2001 12:58 PM 
 Sounds good.  You can reach me at 415.782.7822.  Because my schedule is a mess (thanks to the mess California has created), if you don't reach me on my office line, please try 415.505.6633.  Also, I think that it would be very useful to have Leslie Lawner on, since she's involved a lot in California gas matters, but it's your call.  Just let me know.  Best, Jeff    Barry Tycholiz/ENRON@enronXgate 07/17/2001 08:30 AM 
 FYI.  Unclear exactly whose bill this is. Trying to get a handle on it. Sue's got a hunch that her buddy Herr Peace is behind it.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Best, Jeff 
 did i mention that rental fees to use the truck are $67/day?  that aside, our net account is now:  Nancy owes Jeff for Abalone ($67/entree) =  $149,756.39 Jeff owes Nancy for parking fees ($67/day) =         $189.00 Nancy owes Jeff     $149,567.39   Also, thanks a million for the delicious dinner, the very competitive game of spades, letting me do my laundry, and compelling conversation about watery/non-watery tomatoes.  Best, Jeff  You back at work???    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 07/17/2001 02:33 PM 
 What people know:  Hertzberg (et al's) bill (82XX)was heard in an "informational" hearing today and still sits in the Assembly Energy Committee.  It will be heard again tomorrow (perhaps beginning at 10 AM) , at which time parties will have a chance to support/oppose and ask for amendments.  Most, including us, oppose unless significantly amended. The Wright (D) -Richman (R) bill (83XX)was heard in an "informational" hearing today and still sits in the Assembly Energy Committee.  It will be heard again tomorrow, at which time parties will have a chance to support/oppose and ask for amendments.  From our perspective, this is the best bill out there yet, though it still has serious problems---it isn't available electronically yet, but should be tomorrow, and I'll distribute then.  The chances of the joint D-R bill being successful are slim, however, since it's up against the Speakers competing bill.  There is talk that the Speaker will try to negotiate with Wright/Richman tonight and include any agreement in his bill (82XX). The original version of the Governor's MOU bill sits in the Senate.  Most believe that Burton will put it up for a vote this week and it will fail. The Senate's version of the MOU (Sher-Peace-Kuehl) (78XX)came out today.  It will likely be heard in the committee tomorrow or the next day.  Notably, it kills Direct Access completely and makes Edison shareholders responsible for that portion of Edison's debt owed to suppliers.  In short, a very bad bill. Burton's 18XX, which would de-link the bond issuance (to pay back the General Fund) from the DWR contracts is likely to pass the Senate tomorrow or the next day.  Many--including Enron--support the bill (though we are supporting it behind the scenes).  What people don't know: Whether there's the time or the will in the Assembly and Senate to achieve by Friday a single, comprehensive bill that can be sent to the governor for his signature. Whether the Legislature would postpone its month-long recess if the Legislature hasn't finished a bill by Friday (most folks think they will not postpone). Whether it's true that, irrespective of the energy issue, the Legislature will fail to get the budget completed by Friday and therefore have to postpone their recess anyway, in which case they might continue to work on the energy legislation at the same time.  Odds-makers still say it's better than 50-50 that the Legislature does not get the Edison bills done by Friday and leaves on on its 30-day vacation.  Best, Jeff  Sacramento is one goofy place. 
 Greetings Art.  Had a great time at the conference.  Thanks for inviting me. I have a comment about the proposed decision if you'd like it.  Let me know. What time do you need it?  And can I just email it to you?  It'll be quite brief and to the point.  Best, Jeff    MBD <MDay@GMSSR.com> 11/30/2000 12:44 PM 
 USA: INTERVIEW-EnronOnline sees volume growth, CEO says. By Gelu Sulugiuc  07/17/2001 Reuters English News Service (C) Reuters Limited 2001.  NEW YORK, July 17 (Reuters) - As most players in a shrinking pool of online energy trading platforms struggle to stay alive, leader EnronOnline has a simple philosophy: If it ain't broke, don't fix it. The Internet arm of the energy marketing and trading giant Enron Corp. , EnronOnline predicts it will increase its volume and says it can coexist with the IntercontinentalExchange (ICE), the chief executive of Enron Networks told Reuters on Tuesday. The innovative company is always evaluating its business environment, ready to remold itself according to market demands, but it is not pursuing mergers or aquisitions for now, according to Greg Piper. "I would never say never, but we're not proactively looking at aquiring an ownership position in any other exchange platform," Piper said. With an average of $3.5 billion in trades every day, EnronOnline enjoys the highest volume of all energy electronic platforms. Most energy trading platforms launched last year have failed to generate profits. Its closest rival is ICE, which routinely exceeds $1 billion a day. But while ICE is a many-to-many exchange that matches bids and offers, on EnronOnline one can only trade with Enron. "It's a tool that supercharges our market-making business," Piper said. Enron is the No. 1 natural gas and electricity marketer in the United States. About 60 percent of its transactions are captured through the electronic platform. "As long as we show good prices to our customers, our volumes will continue to grow," Piper said. The company is looking to grow online volume in products such as metals, steel, weather, petrochemicals and plastics. "We're trying to remain the leader in energy and help our other markets get more traction," Piper said. "There is a huge amount of growth that we haven't even tapped into yet." Piper said he is not worried about ICE's recent success. The Atlanta-based exchange recently took over London's International Petroleum Exchange and plans to transfer its open-outcry business online, significantly boosting its trade volumes. "Maybe six to 12 months from now, the story might be a lot different," Piper said. "But right now, there is room for the both of us." He added that Enron traders do not shy away from trading on ICE. Many of the energy giants that founded ICE and provide most of its liquidity are also Enron's biggest clients. "Enron will seek out a good deal on ICE when there is one," Piper said. INNOVATION KEY TO SUCCESS Recognized as one of the most innovative companies in the United States, Enron is constantly evaluating its position in the market and thinking of ways to become more successful. "The right thing to do in November 1999 was to launch EnronOnline," Piper said. "But we look at it every day and if it made sense to do something different, you can bet that Enron would do it and we wouldn't be emotional about it." One of the company's advantages is the fact that its software is a flexible application that allows EnronOnline to easily go in an out of different markets and regions. It constantly adds new products to its trading arsenal. But Piper said that EnronOnline has no plans to turn itself in a many-to-many exchange. "We want to focus in providing our markets to others," he said. "In the near term, we're not changing that." The company is considering licensing the application itself, but would not elaborate on who wants it and how much Enron would ask for it. EnronOnline has been so successful that even its competitors take their hats off. "I've been hearing for two years now that a one-to-many exchange wouldn't work, but Enron just keeps proving people wrong," said Frank Getman, chief executive of online energy exchange HoustonStreet. "If you're willing to make tight two-way markets and be the best price in the market, then people will continue to use your site." Enron's stock rose 41 cents to $49.53 a share on Tuesday in trading on the New York Stock Exchange.  Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 Dear John: You're opening my flood gates, and I'm going to refrain from getting entirely upset.  Please read the attached letter, which is the one that we sent to Dunn last week.  To wit:  according to the ISO's own calculations, Enron represents FOUR TENTHS OF ONE PERCENT--that's four-tenths of one percent---of the alleged "overcharges."  John, combined, the government sellers, including CA munis have, by the ISOs own calculations, "overcharged" California by a factor of ONE HUNDRED times what Enron has alleged to have "overcharged." (See letter from Winters to Burton and Ose.)  So notes like this, are ill-informed.  I'm looking forward to Mr. Marcus and others directing their invective at SMUD, Glendale, Pasadena, Burbank and LADWP.  Nettie Hoge is now being quoted as saying, "well, it's not the gouging.  that's not the problem.   it's the "profit motive" we've set up that's the problem."  so munis are victims of a disease (profits) they can't control.  everyone else is blood-sucking scum.  (in addition, please inform Bill that Sempra's contract with DWR is a drop in the bucket compared to others.  it's easy and perhaps even good politics to go after Sempra, but getting Sempra ain't going to come within a light year of solving our DWR contract problem.)  Sorry for the flame, but it's gotten extremely tiresome, and  it ain't personal; but the emperor has no clothes, which will increasingly become increasingly apparent.  all that aside, we've got other work that's more important, and i look forward to continue working on it.  best, jeff     "V. John White" <vjw@cleanpower.org> 07/17/2001 10:19 PM 
 I owe ya.    James D Steffes 07/18/2001 07:47 AM 
 I think that you'll be fine for what you need it for on Thursday with the camper shell on .  Trust me. 
 FYI.  New amendments out on DA that Keeley's accepted that I'm faxing to you right now.  Also, it's 82XX we're talking about, not 83XX.  83XX is the bill that Wright's authoring with the Rs.  Also faxing to you Reliant's "Dear Dunn, Go to Hell, Sincerely, Reliant" letter.  Best, Jeff  Vegas still sez best odds are on Edison going in.    James D Steffes 07/18/2001 03:48 PM 
 FYI.  Couple of pretty good takes from the press. ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++  Calif Republicans May Prevail With 'Bailout' For Edison    =20 Updated: Wednesday, July 18, 2001 03:17 PM=01;ET     =01;=20 =01; By Jason Leopold=20  Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES=20  LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--Assembly Republicans could upstage Democrats in th= e=20 California Assembly Wednesday in a bid to rescue ailing utility Southern=20 California Edison Co. from insolvency.=20  And they may do so with a bill its backers unabashedly call a "straight=20 bailout" for the Edison International (EIX, news, msgs) unit.=20  "This how the minority in the Assembly can use their votes to derail majori= ty=20 legislation," Jamie Fisfis, spokesman for the Assembly Republican Caucus,= =20 said Wednesday.=20  The bipartisan bill, introduced by Assemblyman Rod Wright, D-South Central= =20 Los Angeles, and Assemblyman Keith Richman, R-Granada Hills, capitalizes on= =20 partisan politics and dissatisfaction with several elements of a competing= =20 bill sponsored by Assembly Speaker Bob Hertzberg, D-Van Nuys, and Assembly= =20 Speaker Pro Tem Fred Keeley, D-Boulder Creek.=20  Both bills face a critical vote Wednesday in the Energy Costs and=20 Availability Committee. Wright said he's secured nine votes for his bill on= =20 the 20-person committee - the eight Republicans and one Democrat. Keeley's= =20 office said his bill needs one more vote.=20  "It's going to be close," Wright said minutes before the committee hearing.= =20  Assembly Republicans and some Democrats are concerned by provisions in the= =20 Hertzberg bill that would have the state buy the utility's transmission=20 lines, limit consumers' ability to choose their power provider and place th= e=20 burden of the rescue on businesses.=20  Bill Forgoes Power-Line Buyout=20  Wright's bill would forgo those measures, instead allowing Southern=20 California Edison to recoup more than $3.5 billion in unrecovered power cos= ts=20 through a surcharge placed on utility bills in exchange for a commitment by= =20 the utility to sell power from its generation units to the state at cost.= =20  Southern California Edison executives said the Hertzberg-Keeley bill, which= =20 would require the company to absorb some of its wholesale-power losses,=20 wouldn't allow the company to become creditworthy and return to the power= =20 business any time soon.=20  Consumer groups have criticized both plans as bailouts and have vowed to=20 overturn the rescue efforts if either is enacted. Business groups, includin= g=20 the state's Chamber of Commerce and the California Manufacturers and=20 Technology Association, said if large businesses are stuck paying for the= =20 bailout, consumers will feel the pinch through increased costs in the retai= l=20 sector.=20  Steve Maviglio, press secretary to Gov. Gray Davis, said the governor is=20 "working with the Legislature for an appropriate balance that does not plac= e=20 any undue burden on any sector."=20  Lawmakers have until Aug. 15 to pass legislation supporting an April=20 memorandum of understanding between Southern California Edison and the stat= e,=20 but have an effective deadline of Friday, the last day before a month-long= =20 summer break.=20  Neither bill in the Assembly nor another bill in the Senate implements in= =20 full the terms of the MOU, which calls for the state to buy the utility's= =20 transmission lines for $2.76 billion and allow it to issue bonds to recover= =20 $3.5 billion in wholesale power costs it hasn't been able to recover from= =20 customers, whose rates are frozen.=20  Edison has said it faces bankruptcy if lawmakers don't act by the MOU's=20 August deadline.=20  -By Jason Leopold, Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3874;=20 jason.leopold@dowjones.com=20  ____________________________________________________ Six Months Later, Edison's Utility May Still End Up Bankrupt By Liz Goldenberg  Rosemead, California, July 18 (Bloomberg) -- Even if California lawmakers= =20 pass a rescue plan to bail out insolvent Southern California Edison, some= =20 analysts say bankruptcy may be the only solution.=20  ``The reason they haven't filed remains more of a mystery than when they wi= ll=20 file,'' said Jon Kyle Cartwright, a senior energy credit analyst at Raymond= =20 James & Associates Inc. in St. Petersburg, Florida, who isn't recommending= =20 buying any debt sold by California utilities.=20  ``If the weather heats up or their creditors wise up, they'll have to go in= to=20 bankruptcy,'' said Cartwright.=20  Six months after the state's No. 2 utility defaulted on its debt, Californi= a=20 lawmakers are debating a rescue package designed to restore it to investmen= t=20 grade status. Any failure to do so by Friday, when the legislature is=20 scheduled to adjourn for a month, may result in a collapse of negotiations= =20 between the lawmakers, the governor, and the utility, and ultimately,=20 bankruptcy.=20  There are at least three versions under consideration, each targeting=20 different groups, such as large businesses or power suppliers, to help foot= =20 the bill for the bailout. There isn't any agreement as to what the rescue= =20 should look like, who will pay, and who is to blame for the situation.=20  Acceptable Option?=20  The bad news for the utility and its creditors is that ``bankruptcy seems t= o=20 be an increasingly accepted option by the legislature,'' said Dorothea=20 Matthews, the senior utility analyst for CreditSights, Inc., a research fir= m.=20  Any three unsecured creditors can file a petition to put the utility into= =20 bankruptcy. Debt holders, banks, and power generators are Southern Californ= ia=20 Edison's unsecured creditors.=20  The original rescue, signed on Apr. 9, between Governor Gray Davis and Edis= on=20 expires on Aug. 15. If legislative action isn't taken by then, either party= =20 can back out.=20  That is something that Southern California Edison may do, ``given the delay= s=20 that have plagued the rehabilitation process at virtually every stage,'' sa= id=20 David Bodek, an analyst who covers the utilities industry for Standard &=20 Poor's, a credit rating company.=20  Edison may decide that its utility may fare better under the eye of a=20 bankruptcy judge rather than politicians.=20  The lawmakers' goal is to save the utility in a way that is palatable to th= em=20 and to California voters. Stock and debt holders aren't a priority, analyst= s=20 said.=20  Do the Right Thing=20  ``Investors will brunt the majority of the pain here,'' said Raymond James'= s=20 Cartwright. ``An investment thesis that requires a group of politicians to= =20 get together and do the right thing is ill fated -- there is no way of=20 knowing what the state will or will not do.''=20  On a conference call yesterday with investors holding Southern California= =20 Edison debt in default, Edison chief financial officer Ted Craver said that= =20 while all the legislation being debated has returning the utility to=20 creditworthiness as a goal, the language needed to achieve that wasn't=20 included.=20  ``This is the beginning of the legislative process'' that will go on for th= e=20 next few days, he said.=20  Creditworthiness, which Edison officials say is the most important goal, is= =20 determined by credit rating companies and investors, rather than by the=20 legislature or the utility.=20  Stay Tuned=20  ``Our money is still on an eventual filing'' for bankruptcy, said=20 CreditSights' Matthews, who puts those chances at about 80 percent. ``Stay= =20 tuned. It ain't over until the fat lady sings, but we think we can hear her= =20 warming up in the wings.''=20  Southern California Edison accrued more than $5.4 billion in debts as it pa= id=20 soaring wholesale power costs that a flawed 1996 deregulation law prohibite= d=20 it from passing on to customers. It has defaulted more than $930 million of= =20 maturing debt since Jan. 16, and lost its investment-grade credit rating. T= he=20 utility owes banks more than $200 million for loans coming due on Sept. 15= =20 and has no access to the capital markets.=20  ``With few notable exceptions, (utility) bondholders have been well served = by=20 regulatory and political support for the financial well-being of'' utilitie= s=20 such as Southern California Edison, S&P's Bodek said.=20  Lacked Support=20  California's utilities have ``lacked such support over the past year, as=20 manifested by a stubborn and prolonged resistance to remedial action despit= e=20 imminent insolvency.''=20  Pacific Gas & Electric Co., the state's largest investor- owned utility,=20 filed for bankruptcy protection on April 6 after racking up more than $9=20 billion in debts.=20  The state stepped in to keep the lights on and the power flowing after=20 suppliers refused to extend additional credit to the state's two largest=20 investor-owned utilities. California has spent more than $7 billion buying= =20 power since January.=20  It is still possible that a last minute deal will satisfy all parties,=20 analysts said.=20  ``What worries me is that there is nothing in the legislation that will all= ow=20 the utility to pass on reasonable power procurement costs in the future,''= =20 said Susan Abbott, a managing director in the power group at Moody's=20 Investors Service, a credit ratings company.=20  ``If a bill goes through that in no way addresses the issue of power cost= =20 recovery for the utility, it would potentially be subject to the same=20 conditions that resulted in the financial distress it's experiencing today.= ''=20 =01;  =01; =20 
 Greetings Jeff:  Hope all is well.  I hear that my cameo in the video upstaged the pie....  If there's anything I can do to assist on the request from Chambers, just let me know.  All the best, Jeff    Laura Ipsen <lipsen@cisco.com> 07/18/2001 03:39 PM 
 Calif ISO Cuts Power Refund Estimate To $6.1B From $8.9B    =20 Updated: Wednesday, July 18, 2001 11:53 AM=01;ET    =01;=20 =01;  By Mark Golden=20  Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES=20   NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--California's estimate of how much the state was=20 overcharged by power suppliers dropped to $6.1 billion from $8.9 billion wh= en=20 an adjustment requested by a Federal Energy Regulatory Commission judge was= =20 taken into account, according to data submitted to FERC last week.=20  The California Independent System Operator's estimate fell when the grid=20 operator excluded power bought by utilities not under its purview, and its= =20 estimate could fall again as it works in other recommendations made by the= =20 judge following the conclusion of 15 days of talks between power suppliers= =20 and the state over potential refunds last week.=20  Even as the ISO continues to recalculate its refund estimate, however, the= =20 state is sticking to the original $8.9 billion figure, which has been calle= d=20 arbitrary by critics. The $6.1 billion estimate merely establishes "a=20 potential framework for settlement discussions," Eric Hildebrandt, the ISO'= s=20 chief analyst on the matter, told the FERC.=20  FERC administrative law judge Curtis Wagner, who has dismissed the $8.9=20 billion figure as baseless and criticized California's delegation for not= =20 negotiating in good faith, estimated in his report on the talks that refund= s=20 due may amount to about $1 billion. Power suppliers offered just over $700= =20 million.=20  Wagner has recommended FERC hold a 60-day hearing to set the level of refun= ds=20 and has told the ISO to revise its estimate of what California is owed.=20  The ISO's original $8.9 billion figure included electricity sales to=20 municipal utilities and alternative energy suppliers that didn't go through= =20 the ISO's wholesale markets, the California Power Exchange or the Californi= a=20 Department of Water Resources. Without direct knowledge of the prices of=20 those purchases, the ISO made estimates.=20  "We know the volume (of the bilateral deals)," Hildebrandt said. "The refun= d=20 amount was based on extrapolation of observed prices in the spot market."= =20   Resetting The Baseline=20   Wagner told the ISO to recalculate its figure using only sales through the= =20 ISO and CalPX markets - which were set up by the state's deregulation law f= or=20 California's three investor-owned utilities to purchase power - in addition= =20 to sales to the California Department of Water Resources.=20  The DWR has been buying power for the utilities since PG&E Corp. (PCG, news= ,=20 msgs) unit Pacific Gas & Electric Co. and Edison International (EIX, news,= =20 msgs) unit Southern California Edison ran out of cash in January. DWR has= =20 also been covering the needs of Sempra Energy (SRE, news, msgs) unit San=20 Diego Gas & Electric Co.=20  In arriving at his new estimate, the ISO's Hildebrandt also recalculated fa= ir=20 prices - the baseline against which refundable amounts are determined - by= =20 retroactively applying the price controls FERC imposed June 19. Those=20 controls set prices by the operating costs of the least efficient generator= =20 needed to meet demand each hour.=20  But last week, after Hildebrandt completed his $6.1 billion estimate, Wagne= r=20 recommended to FERC commissioners that the June 19 price control formula be= =20 modified when used retroactively to determine refunds.=20  Those modifications, if applied to the ISO's estimate, would cut refunds mu= ch=20 further. For example, FERC's price limits are now based on a monthly averag= e=20 of natural gas prices covering supplies throughout the state. Wagner=20 recommended using power producers' actual gas costs. Since gas is=20 considerably more expensive in southern California, using actual prices wou= ld=20 cut potential refunds sharply.=20  Also, Wagner said that refunds should be ordered on sales only as far back = as=20 Oct. 2, which would reduce the total amount claimed by California by about= =20 one-third, according to Hildebrandt's previous monthly breakdown.=20  ISO staff is again recalculating the refund estimate to reflect some of=20 Wagner's recommendations, but the ISO will still include sales back to May= =20 2000, said spokeswoman Stephanie McCorkle.=20  "The reason we're not going back just to Oct. 2 is that all of the=20 overcharges going back to May should be repaid," McCorkle said. "We just=20 maintain that position."=20   FERC Baseline Questioned=20   In addition, Hildebrandt argues in his recently released estimate that when= =20 fair prices are calculated retroactively using FERC's new formula, the pric= e=20 cap should be based on the least efficient generator the ISO knows to have= =20 been available, not the least efficient generator actually used to meet=20 demand.=20  That's because the FERC's new price controls require all available generato= rs=20 be made available to the ISO at any time, Hildebrandt said.=20  Applying that rule would raise the ISO's revised estimate substantially: to= =20 $7.7 billion from $6.1 billion.=20  One of the ways generators managed to manipulate prices higher, Hildebrandt= =20 said, was to not offer cheaper power from more efficient units. Considering= =20 only the least efficient generator actually used would make permanent the= =20 rewards for such withholding, he said.=20  "The judge is in error to suggest that the actual (least-efficient) unit us= ed=20 would have been called on if the must-offer requirement were in effect,"=20 Hildebrandt said in an interview.=20  In arriving at his estimate, Hildebrandt determined the difference between= =20 actual sales prices and what prices would have been for every seller and fo= r=20 every hour since May 1, 2000, had price controls been in effect. The ISO=20 released only the total potential refund, not the company-specific shares.= =20  Hildebrandt took issue with generating companies that have complained his= =20 numbers aren't justified.=20  "These are based on very tangible records," he said. "The idea that it's a= =20 black box is misleading."=20  -By Mark Golden, Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-4604; mark.golden@dowjones.co= m=20  (Jason Leopold in Los Angeles contributed to this article.)=20 
 Greetings.  Hope all is well.  Trade you energy for broadband.  Whaddya say?  Best, Jeff 
 Harry/Sue:  Have you looked at the places in 82XX that Scott FedEx-ed to you that implicate the "PX credit?"  I've gotta assume that Edison put it in, and I frankly, ain't had the chance to peek at it.  For that reason, I'm worried. Can you page me and let me know your take?  Best, Jeff 
 Yep.  Thanks. 
 Not going to D.C. after all.  Now the bad news:  that means I'll likely have to come back to Sacramento, instead. 
 Love to catch up.  When you get a minute tomorrow page me (I'm mobile this week) and we can talk.  888.916.7184.  Best, Jeff 
 Have you seen this? 
 Looks like Loretta's attempt to peel off the DWR contracts from the bonds at the PUC, which the Legislature has been contemplating but hasn't done anything about.  Best, Jeff 
 John:  I could be wrong about what I think Loretta's doing so make sure that somebody verifies before you pass on what I've said.  Could be totally wrong; but hope I'm right.  Best, Jeff 
 The Senate, the Assembly and the Governor are either poised to engage in very difficult negotiations, or the three are about to crash and burn and Edison's going to be left dangling.  In the Senate: The Senate bill 78XX is with about 90% likelihood going to be voted out of the Senate tonight---without a vote having taking place in any committee. Burton announced during one of the two "informational" hearings that "this is it," despite the view of just about everyone who appeared before the committees the bill likely won't prevent Edison from going bankrupt. The key features of the bill are: Banks and QFs get paid in full. Edison shareholders would be responsible for debts owed to suppliers No direct access. There are conflicting reports about whether the Senate will take up the bill tomorrow de-linking the bonds from the DWR contracts and whether the Republicans will go along with it.  In the Assembly: The Committee is hearing the Wright and Hertzberg bills as we speak, with Hertzberg's the likely winner. That bill now provides for Direct Access under certain conditions (the amendments describing the conditions were faxed today). We're attempting to get the "July 12" date changed to "the effective date of the bill" or later. The Assembly likely won't vote the Hertzberg bill out until tomorrow at the earliest.  The Problem: The Assembly and Senate bills are diametrically opposed in the way each approaches the problem---in short, the bills are two ships passing in the night. The Democratic leaders (Governor, Hertzberg, Burton) aren't talking, and Burton hasn't expressed any interest in talking---to anybody.  The likely outcome given the circumstances: Burton says he's done what he needs to do (i.e., passed out a "fair" bill); the Assembly and Senate can't agree; they finish the budget; time runs out; they leave Friday; and Edison's left twisting.  That said, there's still a chance that the Governor could call Burton and sit down with Burton and Hertzberg and work something out by Friday, or begin talking and postpone the recess until they get it worked out.  But given Burton, the chance of that happening seems very slim.  In short, little has changed since yesterday.  Best, Jeff 
 talked to pat.  he wants me to talk by phone rather than come to DC.  happy to go if necessary.  chk email for leg update. best, jeff 
 chk email for CA update.  jeff 
 That is music to my ears.  Can't tell you how much you're help is valued. Really would like to discuss this further.  And a hearty congratulations on the promotion, Pat. 
 got message re: july 12.  understand.  trying to change.  chk email for leg update.  best, jeff 
 thanks, babe. 
 FYI.  How would you like to handle?  Best, Jeff    Steven J Kean 07/19/2001 08:37 AM 
 The wierdness continues.....  In the Senate: After Burton's "proclamation" yesterday afternoon that Senate bill 78XX was "all Edison was getting, period," the bill was voted down in committee and never made it to the full Senate for a vote. The bill will be "reconsidered" (i.e., voted on again) today in the same committee.  In the Assembly: Hertzberg's bill (82XX) got voted down initially, until Rod Wright switched his vote and let it get out. 82 XX then went to the appropriations committee, where it was voted out, and now it's scheduled for a floor vote this morning. 83XX, the bipartisan bill led by Wright (D) and Richman (R), was also voted out of committee and will go to appropriations today.  Will report back later this AM with any additional information.  Best, Jeff 
 aye aye. 
 wow, that's blasephemous, dude.  hey, is there any chance that you might be able to pick up some instruments at Peacock today?  I was going to do it, but now have to go so fucking Sacramento.  need to get the cameron's guitar so you guys can take with you to Colorahdee.    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 07/18/2001 08:27 PM 
 where can i call you?  needed to get cameron's guitar fixed so i can use it during the competition in colorado.  had to get it fixed at peacock, but need to pick up today (and prentice's) banjo, which is getting fixed.  where can i call you?  jeff 
 Anything can happen, but Hedy just talked to the Executive Offficer of the Senate Rules committee who told her that it is very unlikely that the full Senate would vote on any contempt report before the Senate leaves for recess; that is, they likely wouldn't vote on anything until they return in August.  Other info from the conversation: With respect to fines, sanctions, etc., he said that "they're making it up as they go." Any vote on fines, etc. would only a require a simple majority to pass. 
 chk email re: Dunn info from Hedy.  Jeff 
 I don't recall agreeing to any of this.  We kid!  Looks fine to me. 
 As best I can figure, Reliant's included.  Best, Jeff 
 How's 8 AM PDT, 11 AM EDT?  Could you summarize for me precisely what she'd like to discuss?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff    Pat Shortridge 07/19/2001 02:46 PM 
 Scott: Can you try to find me bios of these folks?  Thanks very much. Jeff 
 Could not have happened to a nicer or more deserving bunch.  Congratulations and all the best.  Best, Jeff 
 Yes, 11 PDT works for me.  Understand what you need.  Will do best to deliver.  Best, Jeff 
 John:  Here are two alternatives to the language in AB1X.  The language does two things:  1) ensures that DA customers' costs are shifted to utility customers. 2) ensures that DA customers' don't unfairly escape any costs (e.g., bond payments, etc.)  We're assuming that you'll shop these with Lenny and we'll work the Reps on SB 18?  Lemme know.  Best, Jeff  415.505.6633 
 Correction:  1) ensures that DA customers' costs are NOT shifted to utility customers. 
 The Republicans are currently on the Senate floor arguing (noisily, repeatedly and passionately) that California (and the Senate in particular) is being hypocritical and intellectually dishonest in attacking and investigating private companies and ignoring munis.  One Senator specifically identified prices charged by LADWP and SMUD and compared those prices to Enron's (1/3 to 1/2 less than LADWP and SMUD charged).  Best, Jeff 
 In the Senate: Today the Senate passed out of committee SB18XX and is expected to pass the bill out of the full Senate sometime today. The bill would de-link 1) payment for bonds issued to repay General Fund dollars used to buy power from 2) payment for power contracts signed by DWR. The Senate has thus far failed to get its version of the "Edison MOU" (SB78XX) out the necessary committees in order to get it to the floor for a vote by the full Senate. It is unclear at this point whether the Senate will try to vote the MOU bill out of the Senate, or focus solely on SB18XX (de-linking bonds from DWR contracts) prior to leaving for vacation. Dunn got a resolution passed that permits his investigative committee to take depositions of individuals.  In the Assembly: The Assembly has thus far failed to get an "MOU" (82XX or 83XX) voted out of the full Assembly, though expectations are that the Hertzberg bill (82XX) will get voted out of the Assembly today. 
 man, you ain't kiddin'. 
 This looks good.  Is there any value in assigning people to the agenda items, e.g., "Special Session"--Sandi and Sac lobbyists"? 
 Will do.  Sue Mara, my colleague in the SF office, will join the call.  Tom, what's your number?  Best, Jeff    Pat Shortridge 07/19/2001 07:42 PM 
 Having failed to resolve either the budget or the energy issues, the Legislature is likely to postpone its recess and work through the weekend, at a minimum. In sum, though many claim that the Legislature will "vote for something," it still doesn't appear that the "something" will include a measure that will keep Edison out of bankruptcy. The Senate and Assembly remain extremely far apart in their approaches to amending the Governor's original MOU (which is dead). The ranks of politicians that view bankruptcy as the best alternative is growing.   In the Senate: SB18XX---Bill to de-link the bonds from the DWR Contracts In the only bipartisan move to date, SB18XX passed out of two committees yesterday, but has not yet been voted on by the full Senate. The bill de-links payment of the bonds needed to backfill the state budget from payment of DWR contracts. The bill is being driven by increasing concerns over the volume and price of the DWR contracts. The DWR contracts are being held up as the reason California must suspend, or end, Direct Access. Republicans on the Assembly side are supportive of 18, but Hertzberg--the Speaker--has joined with the Governor's people in the view that the bill would impair the contracts, consititute a breach, and expose the State to substantial damages. As a result, when the bill passes the Senate and gets over to the Assembly, its chances of passage there are low. SB72XX---The Senate's MOU The Senate's version of the MOU--SB72XX--limped out of its final committee yesterday before going to a vote by the full Senate, but its chances of passing the full Senate at this point are 50-50. The problem is that many democrats believe they will be attacked for voting for a bill that will likely drive Edison into bankruptcy, while many other democrats fear it will look like they bailed out Edison----the courage and leadership is awesome.  In the Assembly: The Assembly two versions of the MOU---AB 82XX and AB 83 XX (now AB 50XX) The Assembly is severely divided over how to address the energy issue. The Speaker is having a very difficult time getting democrats to support his own bill (82XX). Many moderate democrats support a bipartisan bill developed by a democrat (Rod Wright), who has broken ranks with Repbublicans, and Assembly Republicans. In the end, the Speaker's bill is likely to prevail. Things are complicated by the fact that the Assembly is having a very difficult time getting a budget passed. As noted above, the Assembly democractic leadership opposes SB 18XX and is trying to cobble together an alternative to 18. 
 Dude: Thanks a million for getting the instruments.  Sorry to burden with the chore. See you in Cah-lo-rah-dee.  Best, Jeff 
 Wilson says Davis ignored warnings about energy Former governor defends himself Carla Marinucci, Chronicle Political Writer Friday, July 20, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2001/07/20/MN187903.DTL Former Gov. Pete Wilson, who signed the controversial 1996 energy deregulation bill into law, blasted his successor Gray Davis yesterday for failing to aggressively use the governor's most forceful tool -- emergency powers -- to contain the state's energy crisis. "There are people who have ignored the supply and tried to blame the crisis on everyone else," the Republican former governor told nearly 100 academics and reporters at the Public Policy Institute in San Francisco yesterday. Arguing that Davis ignored early warnings about brewing problems and "put in jeopardy parks, schools and other capital needs," Wilson said the Democratic governor has skillfully engaged in finger-pointing and public relations to blur perception of the current energy troubles. "They've sought to blame me, and have done so with some success. . . . And they've found a much more profitable and exciting target, President Bush," said Wilson, who wryly pronounced Bush's recent trip to California as "a triumph -- for Davis." But Davis' strategy, he said, "doesn't create one watt of new power." Wilson's speech -- his toughest public remarks to date on the energy crisis -- came the day the Public Policy Institute, a nonpartisan think tank, released polls showing Californians now believe energy ranks far and away as the state's most pressing problem. Many of those voters blame Wilson, not Davis, for the power shortages and rolling blackouts, the poll shows. The former governor's sharp words were rejected by Davis' senior political adviser, Garry South, who said Wilson is trying to "revise history." "If there is one shred of evidence that Pete Wilson said one thing or raised one red flag about energy supply, let him produce it," South said yesterday. "Pete Wilson accusing Gov. Davis of being responsible (for energy) is like Herbert Hoover blaming FDR for the Depression. We're trying to clean up his mess." The GOP former two-term governor spoke on the issue of California energy as members of the Bush administration fanned out across the nation, including a California trip by Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham, to push the White House's energy policy. But even the president appeared to point the finger at Wilson for some of California's problems. "They hadn't built a power plant in 12 years" in California, Bush told reporters Wednesday. "And guess what? When you grow your state the way they have . . . it creates problems." Such words chafe Wilson, who produced California Energy Commission figures that, he said, showed that small plants were built during his administration. In fact, he argued, the 1996 deregulation bill encouraged energy producers to seek state approval for new plants. While acknowledging the 1996 bill he signed was "flawed," Wilson said, "I thought the flaws would be addressed." "We knew it was not a perfect free market mechanism," said Wilson, adding that he had strong reservations about the utility rate caps included in the legislation. "(That) was a gamble, but it was one that paid off for while." But, he insisted, the bill -- which critics say kicked off California's energy woes -- had benefits for the state. Wilson said it was believed deregulation would spur private industry to build new plants that would fuel industry and "lots of jobs for Californians." Deregulation was also seen as a means to balance power companies' concerns about a lengthy, "nightmarish" process -- which he said dated to the early 1970s -- to build large power plants. Davis "is now posing in front of those plants" opening because of decisions made before he took office, Wilson noted. "I hope that he's pleased with our handiwork." Wilson, also lambasted Davis for failing to heed 1998 warnings from the California Energy Commission about coming blackouts. And, Wilson said, as the state faced rolling blackouts, job losses, and skyrocketing energy costs, Davis failed to use one of his greatest tools in a crisis: emergency powers. Wilson noted that after the 1994 Northridge earthquake, estimates suggested it would take 2 1/2 years to rebuild downed freeways and overpasses. He used his emergency powers to offer incentives to contractors that rebuilt the bridges within 65 days. South, noting that Davis has used his emergency powers to deal with the energy crisis, said there is no comparison between an earthquake and a full- blown statewide energy crisis. E-mail Carla Marinucci at cmarinucci@sfchronicle.com. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 19 
 Good plan.  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes/ENRON@enronXgate 07/20/2001 02:33 PM 
 I realize that this note is likely stale, but, FYI, Ms Kassandra's is mistaken.  SB 78 ain't silent on DA.  It kills it, period.  I sure hope that ARM is seriously opposed to the bill.  Best, Jeff    Susan J Mara 07/20/2001 02:14 PM 
 Sorry for delay.  Been mobile.  Best, Jeff 
 ditto. 
 FYI.  Fairly accurate account of the activities in California.   Assembly released new version of Hertzberg's bill late last night.  Another update to follow shortly.  Best, Jeff ********************************************  State Senate OKs bailing out Edison from bankruptcy Assembly plans own version for utility Lynda Gledhill and Robert Salladay, Chronicle Sacramento Bureau Saturday, July 21, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2001/07/21/MN133267.DTL Sacramento -- The state Senate approved a plan yesterday to keep Southern California Edison from falling into bankruptcy, but the bill crafted as an alternative to the pact between the utility and Gov. Gray Davis faces an uncertain future. The bill by Democratic Sens. Richard Polanco of Los Angeles and Byron Sher of Palo Alto would give the state a five-year option to buy the utility's transmission lines and would have the state guarantee no more than $2.5 billion of the utility's debt. Edison amassed an estimated $3.5 billion in debt as wholesale electricity prices increased but retail rates remained frozen. The Assembly was also attempting to craft its own version of a deal last night, but political maneuvering and fears of repeating the same kind of mistakes that led to California's botched 1996 deregulation legislation haunted lawmakers. Davis continued to apply pressure on lawmakers to put a bill on his desk before Aug. 15, a date set in the original agreement between Davis and Edison. Lawmakers were scheduled to start their monthlong summer recess last night, but failure to pass the state budget meant no one was leaving town. "It's a firm deadline, which means this issue has to be fully resolved prior to the end of the legislative recess," Davis said of the Aug. 15 date. Davis suggested that a conference committee or working group could be used to iron out differences between the two bills, but it is unclear whether that could be accomplished in the next few days. "I have problems with both bills," Davis said. "I am heartened by the fact that there's a bill moving in each house." Both houses struggled to garner enough votes to get their respective bills to a floor vote, and many lawmakers indicated that they were not happy with the process. In the Senate, 22 Democrats voted for the Edison plan, while four Democrats and all 13 Republicans voted no. Sen. Jackie Speier, D-Hillsborough, said she would vote for the bill in its current form, but not if any substantial changes are made. "The Legislature is ill-equipped to try to craft a deal," she said. "This particular measure -- and only this one -- has the intent and clarity to protect ratepayers. I'm leery of the bill going to the Assembly and being cannibalized." The Senate bill authorizes Edison to issue $2.5 billion in bonds to pay off alternative energy producers and their banks. The bonds would be paid off through increased rates charged Edison's largest customers and would not cover the $1 billion Edison owes out-of-state generators. Edison maintains that the Senate bill will not make the company creditworthy, which would put it back in the position of buying power. The state has been spending upward of $50 million a day on power since January, and Davis and lawmakers want the rescue plan in place so that the utility can once again begin buying power. There is also hope that any deal would be used as a way to get Pacific Gas & Electric Co. out of bankruptcy. In the Assembly, two competing measures put pressure on leaders to change their bill. The rescue plan by Assembly Speaker Robert Hertzberg of Sherman Oaks and Assemblyman Fred Keeley, D-Boulder Creek, was undergoing changes to garner more support. Some of the changes included eliminating the purchase of transmission lines and taking municipal utilities out of the deal. Assemblywoman Elaine Alquist, D-San Jose, one of the undecided members on the Edison agreement, said the original bill was too complex. "It's a cleaner bill," Alquist said. "I think it comes down to whether this does not affect our constituents and there is not a link to PG&E. I would say I'm tentatively satisfied." Alquist and other Democrats said they were concerned about the rushed nature of the Edison negotiations. Only a few members of the Assembly -- all former state senators now in the lower house -- voted to approve the 1996 legislation, AB1890, that brought deregulation to California. Assemblyman Joseph Simitian, D-Palo Alto, said he gave a courtesy vote to the Hertzberg-Keeley plan in the Appropriations Committee, in order to get the measure to the Assembly floor and continue debate. "As we've learned from the experience of AB1890, the devil is in the details. I have a lot of questions," Simitian said. "The difficulty is that very little gets done here until there is a deadline, and then once there is a deadline, too much gets done." Hertzberg acknowledged that some Assembly members were afraid the bill was getting rushed, but he said lawmakers are well-informed about the energy crisis and its details. He said they have had 200 hours of caucus meetings and countless hearings on the crisis. A wild card in the Assembly's plan was a bill by Assemblyman Rod Wright, D- Los Angeles, that garnered Republican support. The so-called "straight bailout" would give Edison its $3.5 billion through a $2-a-month fee levied on utility ratepayers. It was stuck in the Assembly Appropriations Committee. E-mail the reporters at lgledhill@sfchronicle.com and rsalladay@sfchronicle.com. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 3 
 State Senate OKs bailing out Edison from bankruptcy Assembly plans own version for utility Lynda Gledhill and Robert Salladay, Chronicle Sacramento Bureau Saturday, July 21, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2001/07/21/MN133267.DTL Sacramento -- The state Senate approved a plan yesterday to keep Southern California Edison from falling into bankruptcy, but the bill crafted as an alternative to the pact between the utility and Gov. Gray Davis faces an uncertain future. The bill by Democratic Sens. Richard Polanco of Los Angeles and Byron Sher of Palo Alto would give the state a five-year option to buy the utility's transmission lines and would have the state guarantee no more than $2.5 billion of the utility's debt. Edison amassed an estimated $3.5 billion in debt as wholesale electricity prices increased but retail rates remained frozen. The Assembly was also attempting to craft its own version of a deal last night, but political maneuvering and fears of repeating the same kind of mistakes that led to California's botched 1996 deregulation legislation haunted lawmakers. Davis continued to apply pressure on lawmakers to put a bill on his desk before Aug. 15, a date set in the original agreement between Davis and Edison. Lawmakers were scheduled to start their monthlong summer recess last night, but failure to pass the state budget meant no one was leaving town. "It's a firm deadline, which means this issue has to be fully resolved prior to the end of the legislative recess," Davis said of the Aug. 15 date. Davis suggested that a conference committee or working group could be used to iron out differences between the two bills, but it is unclear whether that could be accomplished in the next few days. "I have problems with both bills," Davis said. "I am heartened by the fact that there's a bill moving in each house." Both houses struggled to garner enough votes to get their respective bills to a floor vote, and many lawmakers indicated that they were not happy with the process. In the Senate, 22 Democrats voted for the Edison plan, while four Democrats and all 13 Republicans voted no. Sen. Jackie Speier, D-Hillsborough, said she would vote for the bill in its current form, but not if any substantial changes are made. "The Legislature is ill-equipped to try to craft a deal," she said. "This particular measure -- and only this one -- has the intent and clarity to protect ratepayers. I'm leery of the bill going to the Assembly and being cannibalized." The Senate bill authorizes Edison to issue $2.5 billion in bonds to pay off alternative energy producers and their banks. The bonds would be paid off through increased rates charged Edison's largest customers and would not cover the $1 billion Edison owes out-of-state generators. Edison maintains that the Senate bill will not make the company creditworthy, which would put it back in the position of buying power. The state has been spending upward of $50 million a day on power since January, and Davis and lawmakers want the rescue plan in place so that the utility can once again begin buying power. There is also hope that any deal would be used as a way to get Pacific Gas & Electric Co. out of bankruptcy. In the Assembly, two competing measures put pressure on leaders to change their bill. The rescue plan by Assembly Speaker Robert Hertzberg of Sherman Oaks and Assemblyman Fred Keeley, D-Boulder Creek, was undergoing changes to garner more support. Some of the changes included eliminating the purchase of transmission lines and taking municipal utilities out of the deal. Assemblywoman Elaine Alquist, D-San Jose, one of the undecided members on the Edison agreement, said the original bill was too complex. "It's a cleaner bill," Alquist said. "I think it comes down to whether this does not affect our constituents and there is not a link to PG&E. I would say I'm tentatively satisfied." Alquist and other Democrats said they were concerned about the rushed nature of the Edison negotiations. Only a few members of the Assembly -- all former state senators now in the lower house -- voted to approve the 1996 legislation, AB1890, that brought deregulation to California. Assemblyman Joseph Simitian, D-Palo Alto, said he gave a courtesy vote to the Hertzberg-Keeley plan in the Appropriations Committee, in order to get the measure to the Assembly floor and continue debate. "As we've learned from the experience of AB1890, the devil is in the details. I have a lot of questions," Simitian said. "The difficulty is that very little gets done here until there is a deadline, and then once there is a deadline, too much gets done." Hertzberg acknowledged that some Assembly members were afraid the bill was getting rushed, but he said lawmakers are well-informed about the energy crisis and its details. He said they have had 200 hours of caucus meetings and countless hearings on the crisis. A wild card in the Assembly's plan was a bill by Assemblyman Rod Wright, D- Los Angeles, that garnered Republican support. The so-called "straight bailout" would give Edison its $3.5 billion through a $2-a-month fee levied on utility ratepayers. It was stuck in the Assembly Appropriations Committee. E-mail the reporters at lgledhill@sfchronicle.com and rsalladay@sfchronicle.com. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 3 
 Art:  Here it is.  Hope all's well with you and yours.  Best, Jeff  "The California Public Utilities Commission has a choice. It can adopt the= =20 same, common sense natural gas policy for Southern California that=01,s bee= n in=20 place for several years in PG&E's service territory and has worked very wel= l=20 for consumers.  Or it can stick with the status quo, which the industry=20 agrees is at least partially responsible for bottlenecks and high prices in= =20 California.  The proposed decision opts for the status quo.  That's not goi= ng=20 to solve California=01,s natural gas problems, and it=01,s likely to make m= atters=20 worse in California's electric industry." 
 Senate approves Edison rescue deal, Assembly measure stalled By Jennifer Coleman Associated Press Writer SACRAMENTO (AP) -- The state Senate approved a bill that significantly alters the plan negotiated by Gov. Gray Davis to help the struggling utility Southern California Edison. The bill approved Friday, authored by Democratic Sens. Richard Polanco and Byron Sher, lets Edison issue $2.5 billion in revenue bonds to pay debts amassed when prices for wholesale electricity reached record-high levels in the last year. "I believe it's a measure that gets us to the goal of getting the state out of the business of buying electricity ... and to bring this entity to creditworthiness," said Polanco, D-Los Angeles. Approved 22-17, the bill now goes to the Assembly. The Assembly adjourned Friday night without voting on a similar measure. The Polanco-Sher plan shifts the burden of repaying the bonds to commercial and industrial power users and has been opposed by business interests and by Edison, which says it won't help the company escape bankruptcy. Davis' plan, announced in April, offers Edison $2.76 billion for its transmission system and lets it sell revenue bonds to repay the rest of its estimated $3.5 billion worth of debt generated when it had to pay skyrocketing wholesale power prices. Under the plan by Polanco, and Sher, of Stanford, the state has a five-year option to buy Edison's grid. That, said Republican Sen. Ross Johnson of Irvine, gives Edison a bailout it "neither needs nor deserves. "I am tired of this projection of Edison as a victim. They have their legion of lobbyists here telling us ad nauseam that they didn't support deregulation," Johnson said during floor debate. "The idea of Edison as the victim goes down in the annals of real whoppers. Edison paid their lobbyists bonuses for the successful passage of deregulation." During the 1995-1996 deliberations that led to deregulation, Edison officials helped create the current system in meetings with business interests and then-Gov. Pete Wilson, a Republican. Lawmakers are set to go on summer break Friday night until Aug. 20, a schedule that conflicts with the deadline in the Memorandum of Understanding between Davis and Edison. That says the Legislature must approve the deal by Aug. 15. "It's a firm deadline, which means this issue has to be fully resolved prior to the end of the legislative recess," Davis said Friday. For that to happen, either the Senate bill or a proposal by Assembly Speaker Robert Hertzberg, D-Van Nuys, and Assemblyman Fred Keeley, D-Boulder Creek, has to reach Davis. "I have problems with both bills," Davis said. "I am heartened by the fact that there's a bill moving in each house." The Keeley-Hertzberg plan trims at least $300 million from the governor's offer. It also allows Edison to issue the bonds, which would be repaid by Edison ratepayers over 10 years. The plan also attempts to increase the state's use of "green" energy resources and allow Edison customers to opt for cheaper direct-access energy service. The Assembly didn't vote on the Keeley bill Friday, because Hertzberg is considering forming a working group with the Senate and the administration to "iron out the bills' differences," said Hertzberg's spokesman Paul Hefner. Davis said he wanted any working group to continue working over the summer break to devise a compromise by the Aug. 15 deadline. "I don't want people to go out fishing for 30 days and come back and worry about it on Aug. 20 because I know we're going to have reapportionment and other major issues to deal with in that last month," the governor said.  On the Net: Read the bills, AB82xx by Keeley and SB78xx by Polanco, at http://www.leginfo.ca.gov Read the governor's Memorandum of Understanding at 
 please call re: dunn.  thx, jeff  415.782.7822. 
 plz call re: dunn.  thx, jeff  415.782.7822. 
 Summary of the activities since Friday:  Overall, it's 50-50 or better that the Legislature will finish up the budget and recess until August 20th, without having passed some form of an "Edison MOU." Will have a better view of the chances of getting an MOU agreed to and passed through both houses by COB Monday.  In the Senate: The "Edison MOU": As previously reported, on Friday, SB 78---the Senate's version of the Edison MOU--passed out of the full Senate and was sent to the full Senate. The bill sticks 100% of suppliers' debts with Edison's shareholders but pays QFs and other creditors. The authors believe that suppliers can't force Edison into bankruptcy because the claims are with the PX, not Edison, which in their view means that the suppliers can't reach Edison.  Our lawyers need to assess whether the tactic is strong from a legal perspective. The bill creates an option to buy the transmission system, but rejects the Goernor's MOU, which buys it outright. Though there's some uncertainty, the bill appears to end Direct Access. Information we have indicates that the Assembly does not support and will not pass SB 78 in its current form. Enron (and the marjority of market participants) opposes 78.  The "Dunn Investigation": Dunn released his report regarding contempt charges against Enron on Saturday. The report recommends that the Senate fine us, beginning with $1,000 the first day, and doubling everyday thereafter until Enron "complies." Dunn announced on Saturday that he would attempt to bring the report to the full Senate for a vote on Saturday. In response, our lobbyist in Sacramento spoke to a leader of the Republican party in the Senate (Ross Johnson), and persuaded Johson to negotiate the date of the vote with Burton and Dunn. She was successful---Johnson went to Burton and got him and Dunn to agree not to vote on the report until the Senate returned from its recess on August 20th. If the Senate returns early, it could vote prior to the 20th, but the likelihood of that happening appears low at this time.  The budget: The Senate passed the budget at about 1 AM Sunday morning. The Senate adjourned for recess after the vote and is not expected to return until August 20th. That leaves the Assembly alone in Sacramento to do its part regarding the budget and the Edison MOU.  The Assembly In short, leadership within the Assembly is extremely weak and without much influence over its own party--the Democrats. The Speaker is viewed as having botched both the budget and the energy issue. Unable to do a deal, the Assembly recessed Saturday night and has not reconvened. It has therefore not taken the votes needed to finish up with the budget. The Assembly also has not passed its version of an Edison MOU, which it says it intends to do. Best information we have right now is that the Assembly does not plan to go back into session until Tuesday morning. Late Saturday night, the Assembly Speaker released yet another version of his Edison MOU (AB 82XX), but it does not appear at this time that he has enough votes among Assembly Democrats to pass it. Enron--together with business customers--opposes the version of 82XX released on Saturday night because it does not adequately ensure Direct Access.  Best, Jeff 
 You didn't tell me that you were going to France to have a secret rendez-vous with Evie Kahl.   Gotchya!  Welcome back.  It's been a fucking zoo.  Best, Jeff 
 I think that there's only a hard copy, and I've got one that I can copy for you.  Best, Jeff    Susan J Mara 07/23/2001 10:42 AM 
 The letter to your plastic surgeon looks very good.  Nice job and best of luck.  Best, Jeff 
 The Dunn report responsible for our stock hit today? 
 Faxed you Dunn's report to the Senate.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi.  My brother just called.  would you mind if I gave him the Sunday Cubs tickets.  If you've already secured people for them, not big deal, but I think his kids would get a big kick out of it.  They're both big ball players. 
 Yep.  But Norm's wrong.  It always gets darkest before the light..... 
 NOT-SO-GOLDEN STATE Looks Like a Recession Economy on the edge Michael J. Boskin Sunday, July 22, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/07/22/I N144927.DTL California, the world's fifth largest economy, the global capital of technology and entertainment, is teetering on the brink of a serious recession. Unemployment is rising, job creation is falling and respected forecasters are painting a bleak future for the state. California is not alone. Nationally, the employment picture is also troubling. Income is flat. Industrial production has been shrinking for nine months. Only the mighty consumer has kept the economy going. The key problem is the slowdown in information technology spending, so important for California. Once the engine of productivity growth, and the source of rising standards of living, the double-digit pace of those spending increases slowed dramatically, beginning in the second half of last year. Since then, Silicon Valley companies have experienced sales declines of 5 to 10 percent, not calamitous drops, but compared to the 40 percent growth they had been used to, an enormous gap. Hence these companies have been cutting back on everything from production to personnel to facilities. The "new economy," it turns out, is not immune to the basic laws of economics. Nationally, the most respected "blue chip" private forecasters believe we will avoid a recession. They see the economy growing just over 1 percent this year and by 2 to 3 percent next year. Having been more optimistic for some years, I became more pessimistic last year, and remain so despite the Federal Reserve's interest rate cuts and the Bush administration's tax refunds. Whether we skirt the technical definition of a recession -- two consecutive quarters of negative growth -- will be a close call. We should see a modest recovery late this year, and a pick-up of steam in 2002. The California economy is in for a rougher time, at least in the short term. And this time -- unlike the early 1990s, when Southern California bore the brunt of the severe downturn in the defense industry -- the Bay Area will be hit much harder. While the region grew much faster than the rest of the state in the '90s, most of the symbols of that growth -- full employment, exploding property values, shrinking commercial vacancy rates -- are already history. Workers who just a short time ago were getting BMWs as a signing bonus are now being laid off. Statewide unemployment -- 5.1 percent last month -- is likely to increase another percentage point or more as layoffs continue in high tech and aerospace. Still -- and here's some good news -- Bay Area unemployment, even in Santa Clara County, which took a major hit in June, is still below the statewide rate. In per capita income, the San Francisco and San Jose metropolitan areas are ranked first and second nationwide, 75 percent above the national average. What of the longer term? California faces serious problems, not the least of which is the energy mess, which has exacerbated the current slowdown. Our recovery will probably lag several quarters behind the rest of the country. But the long-term picture is brighter. Information technologies have brought about permanent productivity improvements and transformed virtually every major industry in the so-called "old economy." Such enhancements will themselves result in renewed information technology spending, if not at the frenetic pace of the late 1990s. The main concern is whether California will degenerate into an even more anti-business climate. We are already viewed by the business community as an overtaxed, over-regulated state. Gov. Gray Davis' rhetoric, and some of his actions, during the energy debacle have only added to the impression. While Davis deserves credit for using the bully pulpit to encourage energy conservation, his demagogic attacks on "outside" energy companies, and the suggestion that California should go it alone, are not only poor policy solutions but suggest a degree of economic illiteracy on his part. His plan to have the state play an expanded role in energy production and transportation will require the expenditure of billions of dollars. Do we believe the state government could make those investment decisions wisely, efficiently and devoid of politics? California would be better off if the governor got out of the energy business. The state will also continue to pay for the financial mishandling of the energy situation. The initial refusal by Davis' appointees on the Public Utilities Commission to allow utilities to enter long-term contracts worsened the shortages and sharpened the price spikes. Then, at the peak of the market frenzy, the governor's office negotiated long term contracts that lock the state into paying unnecessarily high prices. And by keeping prices to consumers unrealistically controlled, he has passed the burden for energy costs on to the taxpayers -- current and future. With all the problems and missteps, however, there is great reason to be optimistic about California's economic future. We are still a beacon of opportunity. We still attract the best and the brightest. We are still the best incubator of new ideas and businesses. However, our current woes should remind us not to take economic growth for granted. With better state policy -- lower tax rates, less regulation, reforms to improve our schools, and a more efficient energy and transportation infrastructure -- California will reemerge as the leader of a strong national economy, providing opportunity, mobility and still higher standards of living. Michael J. Boskin was chairman of the President's Council of Economic Advisors from 1989 to 1993. He is now a senior fellow at teh Hoover Institution and the the Tully. M. Friedman Professor of Economics at Stanford. 
 Quick add on to Sue's note:  Right now, appears they're focused on the budget, but could take up energy. There appears to continue to be considerable uncertainty----seems that even many Democratic Assembly members don't know at this point what the plan is for this afternoon/evening. Our lobbyists are attempting to get more info, which we'll pass on soon as we get it.  Best, Jeff    Susan J Mara 07/23/2001 11:38 AM 
 Greetings: Looks like our respective sources are tracking pretty well.  Best, Jeff    Kristin Walsh/ENRON@enronXgate 07/23/2001 01:51 PM 
 How long do you think it will take for Davis' people and the crazies in the Legislature to link the study and PRI to the funders?    Susan J Mara 07/23/2001 02:02 PM 
 Great job.  Keep it up.  Best, Jeff    Edith Turnipseed@ECT 07/23/2001 03:05 PM 
 FYI.  In case you don't have the cover memo that accompanies DWR's rev. req. submitted to the CPUC.  Note DWR's reference to "our retail customers."  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Most recent version of 82XX circulated very late Friday nite.  Does not look, at this time, that it's going anywhere, and indications currently are that the Assembly will finish the budget and leave for recess.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  This was a significant event while you were gone.  I got tasked with putting together a letter to Dunn's committee from Steve.  Here's the final. You should look it over so you know what's out there.  Would be interesting to contrast with our recent FERC filing.  Best, Jeff 
 That's what Eric said about the red outfit that Kari Dohn was wearing on Monday.....    Richard Shapiro 11/30/2000 02:54 PM 
 Boy would I like to come to Houston.  But looks like I'll be stuck here, at least this week.  Soon as I get to Houston, I'll look you up and we can compare notes. Best, Jeff    Kristin Walsh/ENRON@enronXgate 07/23/2001 02:00 PM 
 Got the voice mails of all my contacts.  Will let you know what I hear as soon as I hear it.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Agreement-in-principle contracts (under active negotiation as of June 15th) are in.  See page C-1.  Best, Jeff 
 what a doll!  you enjoying your time off?  sounds like all's well. enjoy the rest of the summer.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings: Left you a voicemail.  We spoke recently about getting a device to record temperature on my property in Mendocino, where I'm hoping to grow a few grapes.  Had a couple of questions about soil testing.  Could you give me a call when you have a minute at 415.782.7822.  Greatly appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 Quick update to Jim's note:  Still appears that the Assembly only has enough left in it tonite to deal with the budget and then recess; and it is still unclear if they'll get enough Republicans to go along tonite, or be forced to come back tomorrow to try again. If the Legislature does get the budget done and recesses without addressing the energy issues, then decision-making on some key issues---Direct Access in particular---will fall back in the PUC's lap. (The Legislature is scheduled to be out until August 20th.) The PUC has scheduled a vote on whether to suspend DA, the rate agreement with DWR, DWR's rev. req. and other issues on August 23rd. PUC President Loretta Lynch has said that she wants to issue a proposed decision on these issues sometime between now and the first week of August. As Jim points out, we continue to try to hammer out favorable outcomes for Direct Access and cost allocation in both forums----the Legislature and the PUC.  Best, Jeff 
 The Assembly passed the budget late last night. The Assembly recessed without passing out any energy bill. There is some talk of a working group being convened beginning next week comprised of Legislative staff and industry to continue to try to work out a deal. For now, however, the free world is safe from the CA Assembly and the Senate--they've left and all Legislative activity is on hold until the 20th of August, unless leadership, or the Governor tries to bring them back early. The activity now moves to the PUC.  Best, Jeff 
 That's the best and most accurate description I've heard yet. Best, Jeff    Vicki Sharp@EES 07/24/2001 11:15 AM 
 FYI.  Will be in Sacramento for another meeting tomorrow and will go and watch the Lynch and Kahn show at noon. 
 how's tomorrow night?    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 07/24/2001 01:45 PM 
 FYI.  Note toward end of story, mention of email from lawyer in class action suit to Davis advisor asking for help in "getting information out."  Best, Jeff 
 see email re: Walters article in Sac Bee.  Defends Enron's actions is Dunn case.  Best,Jeff 
 My apologies.  I just found this note.  Very kind of you to invite me and I'll plan to attend.  Best, Jeff    Hedy Govenar <hgovenar@govadv.com> 06/07/2001 01:24 PM 
 I'm only attending if I'm exempt from fouls this time.  Best, Jeff    Ginger Dernehl 07/06/2001 03:39 PM 
 FYI.  Many similar stories in the major papers today. Best, Jeff Figures show state lost big on extra power Posted at 9:53 p.m. PDT Monday, July 23, 2001 BY JOHN WOOLFOLK Mercury News State figures show California may have lost about $14 million this month selling surplus electricity for less than it cost. The Mercury News disclosed last week that some power was being sold at a loss. But the new figures provide the first indication of just how much excess power the state bought in its desperate effort to avoid blackouts -- and how cheaply some of that power was sold when it turned out not to be needed. A Republican lawmaker said Monday the loss also shows Democratic Gov. Gray Davis' energy policies are needlessly costing consumers. ``This whole thing is a mess,'' said Assemblyman John Campbell, R-Irvine, who requested details of the state's surplus power sales. ``The government needs to get out of the power business before it costs Californians even more money.'' A state spokesman didn't dispute the $14 million figure outright but said it is an approximation based on average prices and that the actual loss probably is less. ``It's a number I'm sure he likes very much, but it's definitely an estimated number, and it could be far lower,'' said Oscar Hidalgo, spokesman for the state Department of Water Resources. Campbell responded that the loss also could be higher. The state has spent $415 million on power so far this month. State officials last week confirmed that cool weather and consumer conservation have left California holding more power than it needs. The revelation was a stunning turnaround for a state that months ago was paying top dollar for power, expecting shortages this summer. Price that was paid The state bought 3.5 million megawatt-hours of electricity for July at an average price of $118 per megawatt-hour, according to a response Friday by the Department of Water Resources to Campbell's inquiry. The state has sold 178,000 surplus megawatt-hours in July at an average price of $37, the department said. Based on those average prices, the state paid $21 million for the surplus power, which it sold for $6.5 million -- $14.5 million less than it cost. A more precise calculation of the state's loss is difficult because purchased power is acquired at different times and prices and pooled as a ``portfolio.'' Purchases included long-term contracts that averaged $138 per megawatt-hour as well as cheaper spot-market buys. State officials last week said they were selling surplus at $15 to $30 a megawatt-hour, while some traders cited unconfirmed sales as low as $1. Hidalgo noted that the surplus sales represent just 5 percent of California's July purchases, which totaled $415 million. The $6.5 million from sales will help lower the state's power bill, he said, adding that utilities routinely sell some extra electricity. ``Despite the fact that we're in somewhat of a surplus, any power-buying operation in the world is going to have to plan for these types of situations,'' Hidalgo said. ``It's not unique, and in fact it's normal operating procedure for any utility.'' Other Western utilities, including Portland General Electric in Oregon, have said they, too, are selling some surplus power at a loss and describe it as a cost of doing business. The suppliers buying the state's surplus electricity on the cheap include the big out-of-state energy companies that the governor has called price-gouging ``snakes.'' Among them are Duke Energy, Dynegy Power and Marketing, El Paso Power Services, Mirant, Reliant Energy and Williams Energy. `Best bid' taken Hidalgo said the state took the best offers it could find. ``It's only reasonable to get the best bid you can,'' he said. Campbell said the $14 million loss is troubling because ratepayers or taxpayers will have to cover the cost, whereas a private utility could be forced to eat the expense if regulators determined it was unreasonable. State officials say what's more important is that the overall cost of power is dropping, from an average daily tab of $64 million in May to $25 million this month, in part because the state has so much power. Contact John Woolfolk at jwoolfolk@sjmercury.com <mailto:jwoolfolk@sjmercury.com> or (408) 278-3410. 
 Dan Walters: Blame game over California's energy crisis will continue for years (Published July 24, 2001) The wrestling match between politicians and Enron Corp. moved into a more intense arena over the weekend when a state Senate investigating committee sought contempt penalties because the huge energy company has refused to turn over internal documents. Although Houston-based Enron owns no major power plants in California, it has adopted the toughest stance of all energy companies against the multiple investigations of why wholesale energy prices spiked so high. And it has become, in turn, a whipping boy for California politicians. At one point last spring, state Attorney General Bill Lockyer said he wanted criminal charges against Enron and its chairman, Kenneth Lay. "I would love to personally escort Lay to an 8-by-10 cell that he could share with a tattooed dude who says, 'Hi, my name is Spike, honey,' " Lockyer said. With less colorful language, Gov. Gray Davis has often castigated Texas-based companies as price gougers -- even though Texas firms have been fairly minor suppliers to California. Some of it is just buzzword politics. Lockyer and Davis know that Californians dislike anything associated with Texas, and Lay has been one of President Bush's major political supporters. Enron, meanwhile, cites the rhetoric as evidence that Lockyer, Davis and legislative investigators are interested less in finding the truth than in seeking scapegoats. Enron also filed a lawsuit challenging the legality of the Senate's subpoenas of trading data. Most other energy companies have complied with the demands, creating Sacramento repositories of the data under elaborate confidentiality agreements worked out with the special Senate committee headed by Sen. Joseph Dunn, D-Santa Ana. But Enron has refused, and on Saturday, Dunn submitted a report asking the Senate for "an appropriate coercive sanction." Does Enron have something to hide? Or does it sincerely believe that what's happening in California is political scapegoating? Are the companies' fears about the confidentiality of the data sought by the Senate justified? Would data be selectively leaked to show the firms in the worst light? Would data be used by competitors? Or could the information find its way into the hands of class-action attorneys? Dunn, a prominent trial attorney himself, insists that confidentiality will be protected and that the information being sought is only for legislative purposes. But Enron and the other companies have some reason to be wary of turning over confidential information to politicians. Similar information was leaked -- without penalty -- in last year's investigation of former state Insurance Commissioner Chuck Quackenbush. And there are indications that private lawyers are working closely with investigators. Mike Aguirre, the San Diego attorney seeking a "smoking gun" to prove collusion among energy companies, supplied Dunn's committee with a few dissident Duke Energy workers who alleged, in highly publicized hearings, that the firm had manipulated production at its San Diego plant to create artificial shortages and drive up spot market power prices. Duke then refuted the charges by releasing some excerpts from the records of the Independent System Operator, the controller of California's power grid, indicating that ISO had ordered the plant operational changes. Aguirre subsequently asked the governor's office to pressure the ISO -- now under Davis' direct control -- to release all of the Duke-related documents that would show, he says, that the firm actually manipulated the situation. Duke and other companies insist that the ISO-held documents are proprietary. Aguirre pleaded with one Davis adviser in an e-mail that "we need your help in properly getting this information out." But Aguirre, in an interview, said he had not yet obtained cooperation from Davis aides. The political and legal struggle to affix blame for California's energy woes will continue for months, perhaps years. The crisis will cost ratepayers at least $50 billion, and they'll want to know why as they make out their utility bill checks. The Bee's Dan Walters can be reached at (916) 321-1195 or dwalters@sacbee.com <mailto:dwalters@sacbee.com>. 
 I'm on her list.  thanks.    Joseph Alamo 07/24/2001 12:42 PM 
 Well hey there to you!  Man, long time.  I figured you must be married with kids by now.  Well, I can tell you that my summer's probably a whole heckuvalot better since I'm not in the summer class.  I'm assuming that you're doing it in order to get out in 5 semesters?  I decided to do it in 6, but wil only have to take one class the last semester.  Been thinking about you (as I've watched my Sun stock crater).  How's it going?  What the heck you doing there?  I'm surprised that you've lasted that long in the South Bay.  Good luck looking for a place in SF----smart move.  I'm around in August and definitely up for a Happy Hour.  Don't be a Stranger, Stranger.  Best, Jeff    Courtney Abernathy <courtney_abernathy@yahoo.com> 07/23/2001 07:51 PM 
 chk email.  dan walters did story on email to Davis advisor.  great commentary!  jerry taylor's hilarious.  thx.  jeff 
 I'm sending this directly to your mother, Scott.   "When will it end?  Please just let it end!" Pauline Kael, response to watching the film, "Ishtar"    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 11/30/2000 05:47 PM 
 is this on the website? 
 thanks 
 I think that it would be useful for Ken to join the call.  Your thoughts?  Best, Jeff 
 Bizarre as it sounds, we've now heard that they are calling the Assembly members back.  So it appears that the Assembly leadership will at least make a run at this.  We are getting more information and mobilizing industry. Some key considerations:  The Governor is putting immense pressure on the Legislature to get something done. The Legislature is fearful of getting blamed by the Governor for having "done nothing." Becauase the Assembly has thus far "done nothing," the only thing it has in front of it is 78. The Assembly could not agree to the Speaker's bill because it felt the bill was too far to the left; but 78 is even more one-sided. So there's a reasonable likelihood that 78 would have to be amended considerably in order to get the support necessary to get voted out. Once voted out of the Assembly, it would have to go back to the Senate, where the Senate would have to approve it. Again, the Senate has adjourned, so Burton would have to round them up and call them back for a vote, and there's no indication at this time that Burton's inclined to come back. In addition, Burton has said that he's not interested in making any changes to 78, that "it's 78 or nothing."  Consequently, for the Sentate (i.e., Burton) to vote it out, it would first have to agree to the Assembly's amendments.  Thus far, the Assembly and the Senate have not seen eye to eye on the issues. All that said, this Legislature is far from rational, and nothing can be counted out.  We're therefore operating under the assumption that 78 could move. Will report back as information becomes available. Best, Jeff    "Scott Govenar" <sgovenar@govadv.com> 07/24/2001 05:15 PM Please respond to sgovenar 
 Thanks very much, Ken.  This is a helpful start.  Best, Jeff 
 Interesting points.  However, I don't ever recall you agreeing with every Commission decision on disallowances.  And I know you wouldn't establish differing standards for IOUs and state water agencies.  I just hope that this isn't the tip of the iceberg.  You really think that Campbell is a dim bulb?  A Republican, yes, but I haven't heard anyone else describe him as a dim bulb.  Best, Jeff    Mike Florio <mflorio@turn.org> 07/24/2001 05:40 PM 
 The Speaker (Hertzberg) just phoned.  Been asked to attend a meeting in Sacramento at 2 PM today to discuss his latest attempt to craft a compromise solution to the energy mess.  Am leaving for Sacramento now.  Will report back from the meeting.  Best, Jeff 
 yes.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 07/25/2001 05:17 PM 
 Adding to Kristin's update, here's the summary of a meeting that just occured with Assembly leadership staff and industry on the Assembly's latest version of an "Edison MOU":  The Speaker's staffer said that if he had to bet at this time, he would bet that the Assembly would not convene on Friday. He also said that, if it doesn't happen on Friday, nothing will happen until they get back from recess on the 20th of August. The Assembly will let folks know by tonight or first thing tomorrow whether they intend to move forward with a vote on Friday or recess. From the most recent proposal released today by the Assembly leadership, it appears that the centrist Democrats are prevailing.  The proposal: Retains Direct Access (though they said that they are continuing to be pressured by the Treasurer, who wants DA suspended due to the bond issuance) Places 80% of Edison's past debt with large customers (leaving 20% with small customers, which business customers or strenuously opposing). Eliminates all references to any purchase, or option to purchase, Edison's transmission. (They said there simply ain't the votes to buy, or consider buying, Edison's transmission in the Assembly) Maintains the Senate provision, which would pay the banks, pay the QFs, but place with Edison the risk of figuring out how to pay the $1billion owed to suppliers. (Even the munis are begining to complain about those provisions.) Creates a tradeable, renewable portfolio standard (conceptually similar to the one created in Texas). The new bill is created by 1) amending SB78 and 2) gutting a different bill passed from the Senate to the Assembly, SB39, and replacing it with the new version of 82XX.  The two would go together to create the Assembly's newest proposal. If this bill gets voted out of the Assembly, it will likely have a difficult time getting the votes necessary to pass in the Senate, since the Senate has considered and rejected several provisions currently included in the Assembly version. Will report back on whether the Assembly's going forward or adjourning for recess as soon as we hear.  Best, Jeff 
 Folks:  Having printed the paper, I found out that the file received only contains half the paper.  Worse, the authors seemed to have left a page out of the document they distributed.  You currently have the first half.  As soon as we get a complete version of the paper--including the mysterious missing page--we'll distribute.  Jeff 
 plz see email for CA Leg update.  Best, Jeff 
 While Leslie was out I had a brief discussion with Tycholiz, et al.  They're going to pull together an outline of the things they're thinking about and get back to us on it for discussion.  Best, Jeff    Susan M Landwehr/ENRON@enronXgate 07/25/2001 09:57 PM 
 Just got a call from Hertzberg. He pulled the plug last night on trying to get an Edison MOU finished by this weekend. Too complicated; too rushed; he couldn't pull it off, but intends to continue working with folks. He said that likelihood now is that the Assembly will recess, come back on the 20th, and try again. Since the Legislature has adjourned without resolving the Edison/energy issue, the focus will now be at the CPUC, which is scheduled to rule on a rate agreement between DWR and the CPUC, Direct Access suspension, etc. at its August 23rd meeting.  Best, Jeff  Please forward to anyone else who needs to receive this. 
 Go Dick. 
 FYI.  Hertzy called.  He pulled plug.  Assembly's going home.  See email. Best Jeff 
 Greetings: I'm assuming that Washington/Houston has this covered, but if there's=20 anything I can do to assist, don't hesitate. Best, Jeff 
 i think that i can get you something.  how quickly do you need it?  best, jeff    Shelley Corman/ENRON@enronXgate 07/26/2001 12:28 PM 
 can you call?  jeff 415.782.7822.  thanks. 
 Sue: Here's my shot at it.  Please add, subtract, multiply as you see fit. Thanks, Jeff  ****************************************************************************** **************** Got the California PUC to agree 1) not to place rate-cap related surcharges on Direct Access customers in SDG&E's service territory, and 2) not to impose 3 cent rate increase on DA customers in PG&E and Edison service territories. Got the PUC to delay votes threatening to suspend, or end, Direct Access in California. Got Senators Dunn and Burton to agree to postpone vote on Senator Dunn's report recommending that the full Sentate vote to 1) find Enron in contempt and 2) impose steep fines pending compliance by Enron. Got the PUC to postpone a vote which would have 1) amended the way California applies the "PX Credit" and 2) harmed EES' financial position. Provided the California Assembly Speaker with analysis supporting a core/noncore electricity market structure in California, which the Speaker then embraced as his own and established a working group in an attempt to implement the proposal in California. Helped reach an agreement with Edison to delay a PUC proceeding in which the Administrative Law Judge could have forced Enron to submit commercially sensitive information. Helped get California policymakers to agree to 1) raise prices in order to return the IOUs to creditworthiness; 2) establish a "demand buy-down" proposal; 3) focus on the need to expedite plant siting and construction; and 4) enter into long-term contracts to reduce exposure to price volatility. Worked with PR and Ken Lay to persuade California's business leaders to get involved in the effort to resolve California's energy crisis. 
 We'll poke around. 
 FYI.  May be some useful data for folks. 
 i'll be back to switch cars later tonite, but too late for dinner---likely around 8:30.  love to play some 30 handed cribbage!  thanks again for dinner last nite.  it was dee-licious.  best, jeff 
 I was on the list.  thanks. jeez, what next. 
 oops.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 07/26/2001 05:16 PM 
 ouch.  will do.  I'll get you what i can as soon as i can.  best, Jeff    Shelley Corman/ENRON@enronXgate 07/26/2001 12:46 PM 
 Thanks, Hedy:  Not good. John White has a similar view, i.e., Loretta doesn't have many choices given that the Legislature hasn't executed.  John did say, however, that if we can provide the legal analysis to support doing something other than "suspend," Loretta is likely to be amenable.  Seems like it would be useful to try to get the analysis, assuming that  there's legal analysis to support an alternative to "suspend."  Hertzberg and I are trading calls.  Will report back as soon as I hear anything.  Best, Jeff    Hedy Govenar <hgovenar@govadv.com> 07/26/2001 04:02 PM 
 FYI.  Story on the effect of FERC prices on supply in PNW. Best, Jeff  Power-Market Bear Mauls Plans For New Generators In West By Mark Golden Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES  07/26/2001 Dow Jones Energy Service (Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)  NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- The crumbling price of electricity in the western U.S., attributed by many to federal price controls, has forced power plant developers to cancel projects, calling into question whether there will be enough electricity to meet demand in the Northwest this winter. The cancellations of peaking plants and temporary, oil-fired generators - high-cost units that provide power needed only when demand is highest - have cut projected generating capacity in the Northwest by up to 1,000 megawatts, about 3% of the combined peak demand of Washington, Oregon, Idaho and western Montana. "The price caps have added uncertainty," said Scott Simms, spokesman for Enron Corp. (ENE) unit Portland General Electric Co. "If we look forward to this winter and you see a diminished supply scenario, you can see why we have concerns about regional reliability. That could put us in a position of having rotating outages in the region." About two weeks after the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission imposed limits on western power prices on June 19, Portland General halted installation of a new 45-megawatt gas-fired peaking turbine at its existing Boardman power plant. The utility was developing the extra generation both to meet its customers' needs and to sell some output to other Northwest utilities left short of hydroelectric supplies due to this year's drought. A turbine that size could power about 45,000 homes. "You can directly attribute that to FERC price controls," Simms said. After the FERC order, at least two utilities in Washington State ended negotiations with NRG Energy (NRG) for supplies from new plants that NRG was ready to build in time for winter. Both utilities - Tacoma Power and Snohomish County Public Utility District - experienced significant supply shortages in the past 12 months, paid very high prices in the spot market and had to raise customer electric rates by as much as 50%. But both utilities told NRG, and later Dow Jones Newswires, that they had no reason to sign long-term contracts to guarantee new supplies, because the FERC had practically eliminated the financial risk of relying on the spot market. NRG, as a result, scuttled plans to build peaking plants in Washington that could have added 300 megawatts. FERC's price controls, as well as supply-demand fundamentals, have dramatically changed the economics of selling power into the West's open market in the past few months. The current western U.S. electricity price cap of $98 a megawatt-hour covers the costs of generating power from easy-to-install but inefficient peaking turbines, but not the capital costs of buying and installing new peakers. In addition, the current price cap may soon be recalculated to a much lower level. The cap is based largely on natural gas prices, which have been cut in half since the cap was first formulated in June.  Not Everyone Blames FERC  The average monthly price for on-peak hours in the Northwest from August through March is $60 a megawatt-hour - a fraction of what it was three months ago. Many in the western electricity industry think that's because FERC's price controls have kept prices artificially low. A smaller group thinks the market is appropriately signaling that not all the planned gas-fired plants are needed, because some power plants are already under construction and consumers are conserving electricity. Jim Kemp, a senior executive for the Canadian utility TransAlta's (TA.TO) merchant power group, TransAlta (TA.TO), for example, doesn't attribute the cancellation of projects to price controls. "I see it as due to demand-side control and new units," Kemp said. "The market is sending out a signal that we have enough. Maybe this winter we will find that we don't have enough, but that's not the signal the market is sending now." The spot market for power has been far below the federal price cap for two months. Mild weather, a slowing economy and conservation efforts throughout the West have made power from expensive peaking plants unnecessary except for a few hours so far this summer. "Prices started to come down before the FERC mitigation plan started," said Tacoma Power supply analyst David Lucio, who was negotiating with NRG. "The need to try to execute a contract wasn't as great with the prices falling." Lucio said there should be enough capacity to get the Northwest through the winter, barring abnormalities like a long, extended freeze. Construction of dozens of peaking plants in the West is going forward in cases where developers sold supply contracts in advance. TransAlta is continuing construction of a 154-megawatt peaking plant in Washington, because much of the plant's capacity was sold months ago. "The number of announced projects is far and away more than what is needed within the time frame we're talking about," said Dick Watson, a director with the Northwest Power Planning Council. Still, several western utilities have asked the FERC to raise the price cap. Puget Sound Energy (PSD) told the FERC the cap "undercuts the Commission's efforts to ensure adequate supplies of electricity." As previously reported, some small oil-fired generators, which are even more expensive to operate than the permanent, gas-fired peaking plants, have even been taken off line permanently after being installed over the past six months. And orders for new generators have been canceled. -By Mark Golden, Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-4604; mark.golden@dowjones.com  Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 You get this?  Scott said that it bounced back to him the first time.  Best, Jeff 
 TJ:  I'll pick up my ticket on Monday, so please don't give it away!  Thanks.    "Meg St. John" <mstjohn@Haas.Berkeley.EDU> Sent by: owner-eveningmba@Haas.Berkeley.EDU 11/30/2000 06:22 PM Please respond to "Meg St. John" 
 done.    "Scott Govenar" <sgovenar@govadv.com> 07/26/2001 06:29 PM Please respond to sgovenar 
 Attachment? 
 Am on the list.  Thank you.    Joseph Alamo 07/27/2001 12:57 PM 
 God Bless You.      Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 07/27/2001 04:49 PM 
 Unclear at this point.  mon--in office tues--in office wed--portland thur--new york? fri--new york 
 Great. 
 Is this the call to ensure that we're coordinated on the EES-related issues= =20 before the California PUC?  Best, Jeff 
 Consider yourself blessed. 
 Senior Director Enron Corp 
 5 State Energy Advisors Fired Over Conflicts Ethics: The consultants were involved in buying electricity for California from a generator whose stock they owned, setting up a clash of official duties, personal interests. JEFFREY L. RABIN; DARYL KELLEY; RICH CONNELL TIMES STAFF WRITERS  07/28/2001 Los Angeles Times Home Edition A-1 Copyright 2001 / The Times Mirror Company  The Davis administration, stung by charges of excessive secrecy, disclosed late Friday that it has fired five energy consultants because of conflicts of interest involving their official duties and personal finances. A sixth consultant hired to help California purchase electricity has quit, according to state records. All were involved in purchasing electricity for the state from a generator whose stock they owned. In addition, the top lawyer for the agency buying the power was removed from her position because of concern about the way the issue of potential conflicts was handled. Top advisors to Gov. Gray Davis told The Times that they learned of the conflicts in the last week, after belatedly asking the consultants to file required economic disclosure statements. A review of those documents, which included stock holdings, showed that some of the consultants "may have crossed the line," said the governor's senior advisor, Nancy McFadden. State law prohibits officials from participating in decisions involving their personal financial interests. Although portraying himself as seriously concerned that such conflicts could undermine public confidence, the governor has not required some of his most influential private-sector advisors to file the kind of disclosure statements that led to the firings. Among them are two Wall Street veterans who have been most influential in promoting the governor's energy rescue plan, which includes the largest state bond sale in U.S. history. The New York firms that employ executives Joseph Fichera and Michael Hoffman have been paid $275,000 a month to, among other things, help pitch the $12.5-billion bond issue to Wall Street analysts and state lawmakers. The companies stand to make an additional $14 million if the state goes through with the purchase of utility transmission lines. Davis contends that Fichera, Hoffman and their associates fall into a separate category of advisor, beyond the reach of the state's political reform laws. Critics question the distinction. "The governor's approach may be convenient for him," said Jim Knox, executive director of the watchdog group California Common Cause, "but it ignores the law." Disclosure is crucial because the public needs to know that "decisions are not being made by people who have a conflict of interest," Knox said. "Trying to evade the law with a creative use of semantics is not what they ought to be doing." The firings disclosed Friday are unlikely to diminish criticism surrounding the more than 50 consultants and advisors hastily hired by the administration as it rushed into the power trading business this year. More than $25 million is being spent by the state on consultants, according to state records. In the process, seemingly little attention was paid to routine government ethics laws. It took six months for state officials to direct the consultants to file even basic disclosures of their personal finances, including investments. The state Political Reform Act normally requires such forms to be filed publicly within 30 days of starting work for state agencies. Even with the hastily ordered disclosures made public thus far, the circumstances of most of the stock transactions remain a mystery because key information was omitted. Most of the consultants, for example, failed to state when they bought the energy stocks. One of those pressing hardest for an investigation of possible conflict of interest violations and insider trading is Secretary of State Bill Jones, a Republican who hopes to challenge Davis next year. Jones has accused the governor of "a conscious policy of secrecy" in enforcing compliance with public disclosure laws. This week Jones called for a federal Securities and Exchange Commission probe of stock purchases by state energy consultants. 4 Traders Owned Shares of Calpine The four traders removed this week all owned shares of Calpine Corp., a San Jose-based power generator that has landed the largest share of the $43 billion in long-term state power contracts. Their investments ranged from several thousand dollars to more than $100,000, records show. While working for the state Department of Water Resources, officials said they bought undetermined amounts of Calpine power on the state's behalf. More than $14 million worth of electricity was purchased from the state by Calpine in the first quarter of this year, according to the most recent records available. "We did not want them making governmental decisions and holding these stocks," the governor's legal affairs secretary, Barry Goode, said in an interview. The highest-ranking consultant removed, Richard Ferreira, was hired on a $500,000 contract in January to assist in obtaining bids for long-term power and negotiating contracts, records show. A former assistant general manager with the Sacramento Municipal Utility District, Ferreira was paid $200 an hour by the state. After he disclosed owning as much as $10,000 in Calpine stock, officials discovered he had participated in a review of one of the company's contracts. Ferreira could not be reached for comment. The governor's office identified the other four as traders William F. Mead, Herman Leung, Constantine Louie and Peggy Cheng, most of whom could not be reached Friday by The Times. All of them formerly worked as energy schedulers at the Power Exchange, a now-defunct energy market similar to a stock exchange created in the early days of California's electricity deregulation. Hired by the state in February and March, the four signed temporary contracts calling for maximum payments of between $15,000 and $21,000 a month, including living expenses in Sacramento and flights home to Southern California. Mead, 55, a former Edison engineer, said state officials never warned him that owning energy stock was a problem until they demanded that he sell the stock a week ago. He said he bought nearly all of his shares 2 1/2 years ago for $12,000 and saw its value skyrocket as the stock split three times, doubling in value each time. Mead said he was called by the head of the state's energy buying team Thursday and fired. "I asked very directly, 'Is this because of the stock?' and they wouldn't give me an answer," Mead said. "[He] just said your services are terminated. "I came up here, away from home, living in a hotel room, trying to keep the lights on, trying to get the state through a crisis and now I get a finger pointed at me as if I'm some sort of criminal. I guess it's just politics and we're the pawns." Administration officials said they also are examining the actions of other traders, including one who bought Calpine stock just before beginning work for the state. That trader, Elaine Griffin, who also came from the Power Exchange, left the state power buying operation July 14, three days after disclosing her energy industry investment. Griffin, who the governor's office said had obtained another job, could not be reached for comment. Griffin reported purchasing $10,000 to $100,000 of Calpine stock on Feb. 1, in her final days working at the electricity exchange. A few days later, Calpine signed and announced a $4.6-billion, 10-year deal to sell power to the Department of Water Resources. On Feb. 20, Griffin joined the state power buying agency, just as the state and Calpine were finalizing an additional $8.3 billion in power contracts. One of those, a 20-year deal signed Feb. 27, was the longest. The state has awarded Calpine about $13 billion in contracts to supply power for up to 20 years. In addition to the state consultants who bought Calpine stock, two others reported owning stock in Texas-based power marketing giant Enron Corp. And two more bought stock in Southern California Edison, the faltering utility that Davis has committed himself to saving from bankruptcy. Another consultant bought stock in Reliant Energy of Houston, a large power plant operator that bought several California plants from utilities after deregulation. Bernard Barretto, an energy trader, who buys energy on the daily spot market, said in an interview that he bought about $2,000 in Enron stock shortly before he began work for the state Feb. 28. Purchase of Enron Stock Defended "I don't see a conflict," he said. "At the time, we weren't really dealing with Enron. I [still] haven't bought from Enron." Barretto said he never considered his Enron ownership a possible conflict until he received notice July 18 that he had to sell the stocks by noon or lose his job. That notice came from Goode, the governor's lawyer. "We expect and have always expected the state's consultants to uphold the highest ethical standards," he wrote. "That standard is not met by those who hold a financial interest in one or more energy companies while trading on behalf of the state on energy related matters." "Therefore each consultant who holds an interest in an energy company must divest himself or herself of that interest by noon today. If he or she refuses, the state will sever its contract with that person." However, the governor's office has taken a distinctly different stance with his closest financial advisors, Fichera and Hoffman. Davis aides cite an opinion sought last week from attorney Raquelle de la Rocha, a former member of the Los Angeles Ethics Commission and the state Fair Political Practices Commission. She concluded that the advisors do not have to file disclosure statements because they are contractors, not consultants, and will be working for less than a year on a limited range of projects. Fichera is Davis' point man on the governor's energy rescue plan--including the unprecedented bond sale. He has pitched the plan to lawmakers, reporters and the Wall Street financial community. Fichera refused to comment on the record. Fichera and Hoffman's companies, Saber Partners and Blackstone Group, prepared a controversial analysis that helped underpin legislative approval of the bond measure, intended to pay for past and future power buying. Pact Specifies Financial Advice The state's contract with the Fichera and Hoffman firms calls for them to provide "financial advisory services" to the state. The decision not to require public disclosure of their financial holdings stands in sharp contrast to the approach taken with Montague DeRose and Associates. That consulting firm was hired on a $1.8-million contract. Like the other two firms, it too was hired to provide "financial advisory services" to the state. That firm's top advisor, Douglas S. Montague, was required by the administration to fill out a disclosure statement. He reported no power company interests. The governor's legal advisors said the difference is that Montague is on a longer contract.  PHOTO: Barry Goode, above, governor's legal affairs secretary.; Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 Rick:  Can you forward me the presentation that you mentioned when we talked on Friday.  If OK with you, I'would love to crib from it for New York on Friday.  Best, Jeff 
 Jeez, this takes the cake.  Cameron, Perfect may want to get the publication!  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  it's now at 12:30 our time. 
 paid, 343.09, which i believe is the balance due, as we discussed. plz call when you get a chance.  i need to make plane res to new york.  thx, jeff 
 your message, dearie. 
 not a thing...    MBD <MDay@GMSSR.com> 12/01/2000 03:34 PM 
 Thanks Pat.  Do you know who will be in the audience?  And how many folks we are expecting?  Also, if there are specific things that you folks want/don't want me to say, please let me know.  Best, Jeff    Pat Shortridge 07/30/2001 10:42 AM 
 Hi.  Please book me SF/NYC round trip,leaving Tues 8.2.01 at 9:15 am, returning on sunday taking the 4:15 pm from NYC.  Also please book me an additional ticket on the same flight using MY mileage plus miles (number is 369 321 854).  Please book me at the Waldorf (midtown, like 50-ish and Lexington?), because we have an Enron ($280) rate there.  Please book it for 3 nights--thurs/fri/sat.  Thanks a million.  Best, Jeff 
 we have  time yet for tomorrow's meeting re: contempt stuff? 
 wow.  ok.  that works with me.  you read the new, amended complaint?  pretty tough stuff, which is the only option they've left us....    Karen Denne/ENRON@enronXgate 07/30/2001 02:16 PM 
 its a WP doc.   so detach and save first.  then open from the folder where you saved it.  word will then convert it from wp to word and let you open it.  if you have problems, let me know.  best, jeff    Karen Denne/ENRON@enronXgate 07/30/2001 02:26 PM 
 Sure that everyone's seen, but just in case...  Hope everyone's well.  Best, Jeff 
 need to make it a little later, like 10 AM.  will be in portland that day and don't get in till 8:45.  that work?  best, jeff    Karen Denne/ENRON@enronXgate 07/30/2001 02:36 PM 
 In case folks haven't seen them yet, attached are Davis' press release and= =20 the letter he sent to Hoecker today. =20  Best, Jeff 
 literally JUST found out that the meeting's been cancelled.  so may work out just fine. let me get back to you in about 30 minutes.  best, jeff 
 were you going, too?  i hadn't heard a damned thing.  steffes just informed me. 
 tons of fun. 
 Thanks Cynthia.  Could you please try the W (since I know that one) and let me know as soon as possible?  Greatly appreciated.  And I'll go ahead on the frequent flyer miles.  I'm assuming that the ticket you booked for me (is the one that leaves SF on 8/2 at 9:15 AM and returns from NYC on 8/5 at 4:15 EDT)?  Thanks again.  Best, Jeff    Joseph Alamo 07/30/2001 03:36 PM 
 Dandy.  Thanks so much.  What's the address of the W?  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Bev just phoned.  Assuming all goes well---and it should----she'll back on her feet and working next Tuesday.  Best, Jeff 
 thanks to you both very much for your help.  best, jeff    Cynthia Biggs <cynthia.biggs@travelpark.com> 07/30/2001 04:13 PM 
 well, i'm sorry it's been cancelled.  would have been fun.  i'm going to go anyway---get my review from paul and talk to the folks up there.  can we do the call at 10 am PDT?  best, jeff    Karen Denne/ENRON@enronXgate 07/30/2001 03:15 PM 
 yes, please ticket.  thank you.  best, Jeff    Cynthia Biggs <cynthia.biggs@travelpark.com> 07/30/2001 04:13 PM 
 you're a saint.  who won at ping pong last nite? 
 i'm here.  call when you can. best,jeff 415.782.7822 
 Thanks. I'm pretty sure that is the same Ms McFadden.  Might be interesting for you to contact her.  Let's discuss a bit more.  I'll call you tomorrow, if you're around.  Thanks again for the info.  Best, Jeff    Linda Robertson 07/30/2001 11:29 AM 
 Greetings:  With California enjoying a brief respite from Legislative antics, we plan to cancel tomorrow's California call and will reconvene on Thursday.  However, if anyone has pressing matters or information they'd like to discuss tomorrow, we'll go ahead with the call.  Let me know.  If I've missed anyone with this note, please forward along.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 we're always looking for new recruits, eh? 
 Folks,  since many law firms have failed to exit the dark ages, they continue to use wordperfect.  To open this, don't launch.  Instead, "detach."  Then open the file that you've "detached" and it should convert from WP to word and you should be able to open it.  Best, Jeff 
 Thursday evening.  Staying at the W.  When and where would you like to hook up?  Enron have NYC office?  Best Jeff 
 Greetings.  Since I get everything that you forward, you may remove me from you distribution list.  Hope all is well.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings Ms Dotty.  Hope you've managed to stay a night or two in your house recently.  Do you think that it would be OK to call your cousin in Sea Ranch?  I have some carpentry work I'd like done on my property (panel interior of cabin; build deck and gazebo) and thought I might get him, or someone who works for/with him, or someone he could recommend to help me out.  If you think he wouldn't mind having me call, might you have his phone number (and full name)?  As always, greatly appreciated.  FYI:  Just talked to the guy from UC Davis who's in the field for Mendocino County.  He says that by the sound of it, my property just might end up being vine-friendly!  All the best, Jeff 
 Well sometime between 11 PM last night and this morning, my computer died. However, I will nonetheless get a draft of the letter out today for discussion on tomorrow's call.  Given the glitch, it will likely be out by COB today.  Apologies for the delay.  Best, Jeff 
 Who would be attending? 
 FYI.  This is THE story out here today.  Given the repugnant things that Maviglio has said about Enron over the past several months, it will be very interesting to see whether he'll be able to withstand the fact that all the time that he was saying those things, he owned our stock.  Gee, couldn't happen to a nicer guy.  Best, Jeff  In addition, all this buzz about conflicts with traders and Calpine could put in jeopardy the state's contracts with Calpine, which may, in the end, be a very good thing for Direct Access. Davis spokesman under fire for stock By Amy Chance and Dale Kasler Bee Staff Writers (Published July 31, 2001) Davis administration spokesman Steve Maviglio acknowledged Monday that he bought stock in Calpine Corp. in June, at a time when the company was announcing a breakthrough in its bid to build a controversial San Jose power plant. His disclosure came several days after Gov. Gray Davis dismissed five state power purchasers for owning stock in the company and drew new complaints that Davis administration officials may have improperly mixed their private finances and their public roles. Maviglio, now acting as interim communications director for the administration, said he put in an "open" order for Calpine stock May 31, agreeing to buy 300 shares once the stock hit a certain price. He said that threshold was met June 20, the day after an action by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission brought down "all energy stock prices across the board." Maviglio said he bought the stock for his individual retirement account, and it has since declined in value. Under terms of the open order, he said, he had no control over the exact date of purchase. Maviglio touted the company in his role as spokesman to the governor in a story published June 27 in The Bee. He said Monday that he was simply responding to a reporter's question about the company's positive reputation. "They have made a clear commitment to invest in California's future," Maviglio said at the time. "Their pricing has been far more reasonable than any other generator." In the interview, Maviglio also contrasted Calpine and Texas-based generators. He said Calpine "took a different tack from the Joe Bobs of the world," an apparent reference to Joe Bob Perkins, a senior executive with Reliant Energy Inc. of Houston. Maviglio acknowledged the stock ownership several days after the administration ended its relationship with several energy consultants who held stock in energy companies, including Calpine. Under pressure from Secretary of State Bill Jones, a Republican who hopes to challenge Davis for governor next year, the Davis administration has spent several weeks scrambling to answer questions about the stock holdings and potential conflicts of its consultants and energy traders. Jones said Monday that Maviglio should be fired. "These actions are unethical, unconscionable, unacceptable, and heads should roll," he said in a statement. He said the Democratic governor should direct all of his staff to immediately file updated conflict-of-interest statements to reflect current holdings. Jones, who last week asked the Securities and Exchange Commission to investigate administration consultants for insider trading, also said the probe should be expanded "to include all of the governor's staff." Federal law and SEC regulations forbid anyone from trading stocks while possessing "insider information" -- relevant facts not available to the public, according to the SEC. Violations can bring lawsuits and criminal prosecution. Michael Prozan, a Menlo Park lawyer and expert on insider trading, said the prohibition against it originally focused on halting company executives from profiting from news before it was disclosed publicly. But the laws have been broadened to include others besides company employees. Investment bankers, lawyers and journalists have been snared by insider-trading crackdowns. Davis' office was instrumental earlier this year in paving the way for removing barriers to construction of a Calpine plant in San Jose. On May 30, after opposing the project for years, San Jose Mayor Ron Gonzales announced he had negotiated an agreement addressing his concerns and agreed to support construction. His action came after Davis in April endorsed the plant's construction and as the state Energy Commission threatened to approve it over local objections. On June 20, the company announced it had won tentative state approval to build the plant. Maviglio said he buys many stocks and that Enron Corp. and Calpine are the only energy generators among them. He owns 100 shares of Enron stock, which he purchased in 1996. "I deal with hundreds of California companies just about every day, and this was one that I saw that looked like a good investment based on public knowledge," he said. "I read six newspapers a day or more, and I know what's going on in the world. If there's a standard that I can't invest in something that I have general public knowledge of, then I wouldn't have any stocks at all." Maviglio said that the "open" order he placed meant that he could not have used inside information to make his stock purchase. "Had I had specific knowledge about a contract being signed or what actually happened in the office of the mayor of San Jose ... that would have been unrelated," Maviglio said. "There was no timing-based sequence to it." Calpine stock, despite the company's considerable success, has slipped in recent weeks because of general investor anxiety about the California energy crisis. The stock, which trades on the New York Stock Exchange, closed at $49.30 on May 31, the day Maviglio says he placed the purchase order. The order was executed as the stock dipped below $40 on June 20, closing that day at $39.85. The day before, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission announced a price-control plan that investors believed was damaging to generators' profits. On Monday, the stock closed at $37.13. Last week, the Davis administration stopped doing business with five energy traders under contract with the administration after Maviglio said administration lawyers "came to the determination that there are possible violations of the law or close to it." "It's not a crime to own energy stock," Maviglio said Monday. "The difference with these traders is they're making governmental decisions. They're committing the state's resources by spending money to buy power." Jim Knox, director of California Common Cause, said he believes the Governor's Office made critical errors while hiring staff to purchase energy for the state. "Had the Governor's Office gone to the trouble to have these people fill statements of economic interest, as they were required to do by law, they should have known this before they were hired and they shouldn't have been hired," Knox said.   The Bee's Amy Chance can be reached at (916) 326-5535 or achance@sacbee.com <mailto:achance@sacbee.com>. Emily Bazar of The Bee Capitol Bureau contributed to this report. 
 FYI.  David Freeman and DWR....public power working for California. ******************************************************** Power delivery efficiency questioned: Output at low-cost generating plants has been cut while costlier ones continue to operate. By Carrie Peyton Bee Staff Writer (Published July 31, 2001) California is sometimes deliberately cutting output from low-cost power plants while running more expensive ones, utility and grid officials say. The sporadic episodes haven't cost much yet, but they illustrate a potentially troubling disconnect in the system that has quickly grown between two agencies that help deliver electricity to a power-strapped state. "We seem to be building this inefficiency into the system, and it doesn't seem to be getting better," said Mike Florio, a consumer advocate who sits on the governing board of the Independent System Operator. The trouble is that the ISO, created in 1996 to manage the power grid in a deregulated electric market, tries to run the grid by auctions that -- in theory -- provide the cheapest electricity for the state's consumers. Meanwhile, the state Department of Water Resources, which in January stepped in to buy power on behalf of cash-strapped utilities, isn't bidding at some auctions because it believes it can provide cheaper power if it doesn't. "We have an inefficient market and an inept government entity. It's sort of the worst of both worlds," Florio said, criticizing his agency and the DWR. ISO staffers decline to discuss the situation in detail, saying it involves confidential bidding behavior. But Pete Garris, chief of operations for the power-buying arm of the Department of Water Resources, confirmed that the ISO has been asking his agency to take part in more auctions, but the state has declined. The state's role is to buy electricity for customers of utilities whose credit was no longer good enough to buy on their own, he said. "We're not in it to do those kinds of marketing functions," he said. "It's not necessarily a good fit." Some of the ISO auctions are used to lessen congestion on transmission lines. Others are used to stabilize the grid by slightly increasing or decreasing output when demand doesn't match forecasts. Generally, the highest-cost power plants should be the ones cutting back, a process the industry calls "decking." But since May, on ISO orders, Southern California Edison has repeatedly throttled back on the Mohave Generating Station, which produces some of the cheapest power available to California today, costing as little as $10 to $20 a megawatt-hour. Edison, which owns a majority share of Mohave, has cut its output by 5,660 megawatt-hours between May and July, about one-half of 1 percent, at the ISO's behest, according to data Edison provided to The Bee. The ISO could probably have saved the state's consumers $370,000 at one plant if it had asked a higher-cost gas-burning plant to cut back instead of Mohave, a coal-burning workhorse in Laughlin, Nev., Florio said. The amount sounds like "small potatoes," but in some ways it is more alarming than the $14 million the state lost recently by selling excess power for less than it paid, he said. Industry experts agree that such below-cost sales are common in a business where power needs fluctuate dramatically based on the weather. By contrast, "this is a dead weight loss. Higher costs are being incurred for no good reason," Florio said. "The question is, why is the ISO calling on Mohave and not (cheaper) gas plants? The answer is, the gas plants aren't bidding ... probably because they're contracted with DWR," he said. Four Corners, another low-cost coal plant partly owned by Edison, has also been throttled back at ISO request, Edison officials said. In addition, so few bidders have shown up at ISO auctions to ease stress on transmission lines that the system has fallen into disarray, with the ISO instead ordering across-the-board power production cuts that are boosting costs, Florio said. For its part, the ISO will say only that "we are making the most economical decisions we can based on the bids available," said spokeswoman Stephanie McCorkle. DWR's Garris said the state and the ISO have been meeting repeatedly on bidding and other coordination issues, and he hopes to have a smoother-running system in place by next summer.   The Bee's Carrie Peyton can be reached at (916) 321-1086 or cpeyton@sacbee.com <mailto:cpeyton@sacbee.com>. 
 an extremely big one....    Richard Shapiro/ENRON@enronXgate 07/31/2001 08:49 AM 
 Hi.  Me again.  Thanks for all the help with the New York trip.  I have another question.  My family (four people) is going to Boston on September 2, returning to SF on September 9.  I noticed on United's website that they have round trip for about $365 and I was wondering if you folks can better that?  Best, Jeff    Cynthia Biggs <cynthia.biggs@travelpark.com> 07/30/2001 04:12 PM 
 Gouger Gray Davis California's petulant governor ignores reality as he overpays for electricity  LANCE T. IZUMI Mr. Izumi is a senior fellow in California Studies at the San Francisco- based Pacific Research Institute. On the surface, things seem to be going pretty good for Gov. Gray Davis with regard to California's electricity crisis. The governor has scored some nice publicity by switching on some new power plants. The weather has been unseasonably cool. His poll numbers are edging back up. Yet beneath this optimistic picture lie troubling problems. For example, Davis's argument that out-of-state power generators are responsible for the electricity crisis has been falling apart. For months, Davis has been claiming that private generators have overcharged California by $8.9 billion and demanded that this amount be refunded to the state. However, after a two-week mediation between state officials and the generators, Curtis Wagner, the federal government's chief energy regulatory judge, rebuked Davis's claim saying that such a huge overcharge "has not and cannot be substantiated." Further, while the generators may be liable to refund a much smaller amount to the state, perhaps $1 billion, Wagner said that generators are owed more money by the state than they owe the state in refunds: "Can a cash refund be required where a much larger amount is due the seller? The chief judge thinks not." Davis reacted to the judge's ruling by calling it a "raw deal" and by urging the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to ignore the lack of evidence and the judge's conclusions and to "step up and provide the refunds we've asked for." Davis's position, as usual, is motivated purely by politics. Indeed, Dan Walters of the Sacramento Bee says that Davis is operating in a "melodramatic virtual world" de-linked from reality. Davis's blame-the-generators argument took another body blow when newly released documents showed that, on average, major out-of-state power companies such as Enron, Duke, Dynergy and Mirant charged less than the average prices paid by the state during the first three months of the year. California government utilities, on the other hand, such as the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power and the Sacramento Municipal Utility District (SMUD), charged the state much more for electricity than the out-of-state generators. For example, while Texas-based Enron, a favorite Davis whipping boy, charged an average $181 per megawatt hour, SMUD charged an average $330 per megawatt hour. Davis responded to this revelation in typical political fashion. A Davis spokesman said that the governor had expressed his anger at "the generators who wear cowboy hats" and that "just because there are other entities that are charging us more doesn't change the fact that we are getting ripped off by companies from Houston, Tulsa, Atlanta or Charlotte." Yet, for all Davis' feigned indignation about consumers being ripped off, it turns out that he and his regulators are poised to ensure that business consumers are ripped off by state government. Davis has signed $43 billion in ill-advised long-term purchase contracts at rates above-market-price. The state must, therefore, ensure that enough business customers remain in the current state-controlled distribution system to pay for high-priced state power purchases. This is especially important to Davis since the high prices are borne disproportionately by business. Thus, Davis' regulators are set to eliminate "direct access," which allows businesses to shop for cheaper power. Who's the real gouger? No matter how much Davis points the finger, Californians are paying dearly for his political opportunism and bad policies. 
 plz call when u can. thx, jeff 415.782.7822 
 Thanks.  Looks like one thing good has happened for them today.  I don't think Maviglio will be able to stay.  Your thoughts?  I'm glad he made some money off of Enron stock.  (What a jerk.)  Also, we did file the amended complaint yesterday and the motion to quash will be filed today.  Best, Jeff    "Scott Govenar" <sgovenar@govadv.com> 07/31/2001 12:28 PM Please respond to sgovenar 
 You're a doll.  Thanks.  Hope to talk to you soon.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Sue:  I hope the packing and other move-related things are going well---I know that something invariably happens that creates havoc.  Good luck.  I haven't wanted to bug you too much with all that's going on, so I thought I'd give you a quick update:  Scott and Bowen and I talked re: getting authority for EBS to dig dirt and install some facilities in California.  With some effort, we persuaded Scott that having dinner with Loretta Lynch, well, wasn't going to do get the job done (though Scott's not yet completely convinced).  Instead, Scott's going to get from the network folks substantially more detail on precisely what the project entails.  Once we've got that, we can meet with Commission staff and take their temperature on what sort of approval hoops we'd need to jump through in order to get authority to do the project, and what the time frame for approval would look like.  Scott agrees with this approach.  He's going to try to get more info from the network folks in Portland.  We likely will regroup to figure out "next steps" right after the first of the year.  Have any thoughts on this approach? I do plan on coming every Thursday to the group meetings.  However, this Thursday is my girlfriend's birthday, and her parents (who live in the area) have had a little "special  event" planned for the past 6 months. Consequently, I will have to miss the GA Xmas party, which I'm very disappointed about----I really enjoy getting a chance to catch up with everyone.  I'll also therefore have to participate in Thursday's call by phone.  Apologies, but I'm sticking to the tried and true rule:  "Family and relationships first!"  Hope all is well.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI:  Very interesting set of clips today that I thought you folks might be=20 interested in.  Bad day for Davis; bad day for Calpine.  Best, Jeff   Please see the following articles:  Sac Bee, Tues, 7/31: Davis spokesman under fire for stock=20 Sac Bee, Tues, 7/31: Davis energy aide leaves -- without pay=20 Sac Bee, Tues, 7/31: Power delivery efficiency questioned: Output at low-co= st=20 generating plants has been cut while costlier ones continue to operate Sac Bee, Tues, 7/31: Davis: FERC excluding $5 billion of owed refunds=20 Sac Bee, Tues, 7/31: Bill would streamline the path to local power: More=20 cities, including Davis, are taking a look at creating municipal utility=20 districts SD Union, Tues, 7/31: SDG&E denies it deceived ratepayers about debt=20 SD Union, Tues, 7/31: Sempra set to unveil plans for new plant, business pa= rk SD Union, Tues, 7/31: Davis press secretary confirms buying energy company= =20 stock LA Times, Tues, 7/31: Davis' Energy Advisors Draw SEC Attention SF Chron, Tues, 7/31: California governor's press secretary confirms buying= =20 energy company stock=20 SF Chron, Tues, 7/31: PG&E's $500,000,000 second-quarter surprise=20 SF Chron, Tues, 7/31: Power and 'juice'=20 SF Chron, Tues, 7/31: S.F. to vote on electric power to the people=20 Measures would start public utility districts=20 Mercury News, Tues, 7/31: Davis' advisers probed by SEC=20 OC Register, Tues, 7/31: Ethics issue in stock buy?=20 OC Register, Tues, 7/31: Aide denies stock deal was improper=20 OC Register, Tues, 7/31: Power firms amp up lobbying=20 OC Register, Tues, 7/31: Gouger Gray Davis  (Commentary) Energy Insight, Tues, 7/31: Turning coal into a tradable commodity WSJ, Tues, 7/31: Debt Pitch: California's Next Test In Electricity Crisis: Selling Power Bonds LA Times, Tues, 7/31: California ; Op Ed Desk=20 Commentary The State Will Pay for Davis' Panic WSJ, Tues, 7/31: Electrical Switch: Now, Cheaper Power Is Causing Hefty Losses for California=20 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------= --- -------------------------------------------------------------  Davis spokesman under fire for stock=20 By Amy Chance and Dale Kasler Bee Staff Writers (Published July 31, 2001)=20 Davis administration spokesman Steve Maviglio acknowledged Monday that he= =20 bought stock in Calpine Corp. in June, at a time when the company was=20 announcing a breakthrough in its bid to build a controversial San Jose powe= r=20 plant.=20 His disclosure came several days after Gov. Gray Davis dismissed five state= =20 power purchasers for owning stock in the company and drew new complaints th= at=20 Davis administration officials may have improperly mixed their private=20 finances and their public roles.=20 Maviglio, now acting as interim communications director for the=20 administration, said he put in an "open" order for Calpine stock May 31,=20 agreeing to buy 300 shares once the stock hit a certain price.=20 He said that threshold was met June 20, the day after an action by the=20 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission brought down "all energy stock prices= =20 across the board."=20 Maviglio said he bought the stock for his individual retirement account, an= d=20 it has since declined in value. Under terms of the open order, he said, he= =20 had no control over the exact date of purchase.=20 Maviglio touted the company in his role as spokesman to the governor in a= =20 story published June 27 in The Bee. He said Monday that he was simply=20 responding to a reporter's question about the company's positive reputation= .=20 "They have made a clear commitment to invest in California's future,"=20 Maviglio said at the time. "Their pricing has been far more reasonable than= =20 any other generator."=20 In the interview, Maviglio also contrasted Calpine and Texas-based=20 generators. He said Calpine "took a different tack from the Joe Bobs of the= =20 world," an apparent reference to Joe Bob Perkins, a senior executive with= =20 Reliant Energy Inc. of Houston.=20 Maviglio acknowledged the stock ownership several days after the=20 administration ended its relationship with several energy consultants who= =20 held stock in energy companies, including Calpine.=20 Under pressure from Secretary of State Bill Jones, a Republican who hopes t= o=20 challenge Davis for governor next year, the Davis administration has spent= =20 several weeks scrambling to answer questions about the stock holdings and= =20 potential conflicts of its consultants and energy traders.=20 Jones said Monday that Maviglio should be fired.=20 "These actions are unethical, unconscionable, unacceptable, and heads shoul= d=20 roll," he said in a statement. He said the Democratic governor should direc= t=20 all of his staff to immediately file updated conflict-of-interest statement= s=20 to reflect current holdings.=20 Jones, who last week asked the Securities and Exchange Commission to=20 investigate administration consultants for insider trading, also said the= =20 probe should be expanded "to include all of the governor's staff."=20 Federal law and SEC regulations forbid anyone from trading stocks while=20 possessing "insider information" -- relevant facts not available to the=20 public, according to the SEC. Violations can bring lawsuits and criminal=20 prosecution.=20 Michael Prozan, a Menlo Park lawyer and expert on insider trading, said the= =20 prohibition against it originally focused on halting company executives fro= m=20 profiting from news before it was disclosed publicly.=20 But the laws have been broadened to include others besides company employee= s.=20 Investment bankers, lawyers and journalists have been snared by=20 insider-trading crackdowns.=20 Davis' office was instrumental earlier this year in paving the way for=20 removing barriers to construction of a Calpine plant in San Jose. On May 30= ,=20 after opposing the project for years, San Jose Mayor Ron Gonzales announced= =20 he had negotiated an agreement addressing his concerns and agreed to suppor= t=20 construction.=20 His action came after Davis in April endorsed the plant's construction and = as=20 the state Energy Commission threatened to approve it over local objections.= =20 On June 20, the company announced it had won tentative state approval to=20 build the plant.=20 Maviglio said he buys many stocks and that Enron Corp. and Calpine are the= =20 only energy generators among them. He owns 100 shares of Enron stock, which= =20 he purchased in 1996.=20 "I deal with hundreds of California companies just about every day, and thi= s=20 was one that I saw that looked like a good investment based on public=20 knowledge," he said. "I read six newspapers a day or more, and I know what'= s=20 going on in the world. If there's a standard that I can't invest in somethi= ng=20 that I have general public knowledge of, then I wouldn't have any stocks at= =20 all."=20 Maviglio said that the "open" order he placed meant that he could not have= =20 used inside information to make his stock purchase.=20 "Had I had specific knowledge about a contract being signed or what actuall= y=20 happened in the office of the mayor of San Jose ... that would have been=20 unrelated," Maviglio said. "There was no timing-based sequence to it."=20 Calpine stock, despite the company's considerable success, has slipped in= =20 recent weeks because of general investor anxiety about the California energ= y=20 crisis.=20 The stock, which trades on the New York Stock Exchange, closed at $49.30 on= =20 May 31, the day Maviglio says he placed the purchase order. The order was= =20 executed as the stock dipped below $40 on June 20, closing that day at=20 $39.85.=20 The day before, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission announced a=20 price-control plan that investors believed was damaging to generators'=20 profits. On Monday, the stock closed at $37.13.=20 Last week, the Davis administration stopped doing business with five energy= =20 traders under contract with the administration after Maviglio said=20 administration lawyers "came to the determination that there are possible= =20 violations of the law or close to it."=20 "It's not a crime to own energy stock," Maviglio said Monday. "The differen= ce=20 with these traders is they're making governmental decisions. They're=20 committing the state's resources by spending money to buy power."=20 Jim Knox, director of California Common Cause, said he believes the=20 Governor's Office made critical errors while hiring staff to purchase energ= y=20 for the state.=20 "Had the Governor's Office gone to the trouble to have these people fill=20 statements of economic interest, as they were required to do by law, they= =20 should have known this before they were hired and they shouldn't have been= =20 hired," Knox said.=20   The Bee's Amy Chance can be reached at (916) 326-5535 or achance@sacbee.com= =20 <mailto:achance@sacbee.com>.=20 Emily Bazar of The Bee Capitol Bureau contributed to this report.        Davis energy aide leaves -- without pay=20 By Emily Bazar Bee Capitol Bureau (Published July 31, 2001)=20 A high-paid consultant to Gov. Gray Davis who came under fire for his=20 dealings with a California utility has cut ties with the administration and= =20 won't be paid for work already completed.=20 Under terms of a settlement made final Monday, former Clinton damage contro= l=20 specialist Chris Lehane will no longer help shape Davis' public response to= =20 the energy crisis.=20 Neither Lehane nor partner Mark Fabiani -- who were hired by Davis in May o= n=20 a six-month, $30,000-a-month contract -- will receive any money for their= =20 services. Fabiani left last month.=20 Because Lehane and Fabiani each received at least $10,000 under contract wi= th=20 Southern California Edison in the past year, Lewis Uhler, president of the= =20 National Tax Limitation Committee, filed a lawsuit alleging that conflict o= f=20 interest laws had been violated.=20 But Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said Lehane and Fabiani were instrumenta= l=20 in persuading the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to limit the wholesa= le=20 cost of power in the state.=20 "Chris Lehane provided an invaluable service to the people of California in= =20 helping us get action after a yearlong wait from FERC," he said. "It's a=20 shame that politics gets in the way of public service."=20 Uhler, however, said he believes Lehane and Fabiani represent a larger=20 problem in the Davis administration, and he pointed to the recent dismissal= =20 of energy traders who held stock in energy companies.=20 "Doesn't anybody in the Governor's Office understand conflict of interest?"= =20 Uhler asked.=20 "This is really sending a signal that the Governor's Office thinks that it = is=20 somehow above the law."=20   The Bee's Emily Bazar can be reached at (916) 326-5540 or ebazar@sacbee.com= =20 <mailto:ebazar@sacbee.com>.    Power delivery efficiency questioned: Output at low-cost generating plants= =20 has been cut while costlier ones continue to operate. By Carrie Peyton Bee Staff Writer (Published July 31, 2001)=20 California is sometimes deliberately cutting output from low-cost power=20 plants while running more expensive ones, utility and grid officials say.= =20 The sporadic episodes haven't cost much yet, but they illustrate a=20 potentially troubling disconnect in the system that has quickly grown betwe= en=20 two agencies that help deliver electricity to a power-strapped state.=20 "We seem to be building this inefficiency into the system, and it doesn't= =20 seem to be getting better," said Mike Florio, a consumer advocate who sits = on=20 the governing board of the Independent System Operator.=20 The trouble is that the ISO, created in 1996 to manage the power grid in a= =20 deregulated electric market, tries to run the grid by auctions that -- in= =20 theory -- provide the cheapest electricity for the state's consumers.=20 Meanwhile, the state Department of Water Resources, which in January steppe= d=20 in to buy power on behalf of cash-strapped utilities, isn't bidding at some= =20 auctions because it believes it can provide cheaper power if it doesn't.=20 "We have an inefficient market and an inept government entity. It's sort of= =20 the worst of both worlds," Florio said, criticizing his agency and the DWR.= =20 ISO staffers decline to discuss the situation in detail, saying it involves= =20 confidential bidding behavior.=20 But Pete Garris, chief of operations for the power-buying arm of the=20 Department of Water Resources, confirmed that the ISO has been asking his= =20 agency to take part in more auctions, but the state has declined.=20 The state's role is to buy electricity for customers of utilities whose=20 credit was no longer good enough to buy on their own, he said.=20 "We're not in it to do those kinds of marketing functions," he said. "It's= =20 not necessarily a good fit."=20 Some of the ISO auctions are used to lessen congestion on transmission line= s.=20 Others are used to stabilize the grid by slightly increasing or decreasing= =20 output when demand doesn't match forecasts.=20 Generally, the highest-cost power plants should be the ones cutting back, a= =20 process the industry calls "decking."=20 But since May, on ISO orders, Southern California Edison has repeatedly=20 throttled back on the Mohave Generating Station, which produces some of the= =20 cheapest power available to California today, costing as little as $10 to $= 20=20 a megawatt-hour.=20 Edison, which owns a majority share of Mohave, has cut its output by 5,660= =20 megawatt-hours between May and July, about one-half of 1 percent, at the=20 ISO's behest, according to data Edison provided to The Bee.=20 The ISO could probably have saved the state's consumers $370,000 at one pla= nt=20 if it had asked a higher-cost gas-burning plant to cut back instead of=20 Mohave, a coal-burning workhorse in Laughlin, Nev., Florio said.=20 The amount sounds like "small potatoes," but in some ways it is more alarmi= ng=20 than the $14 million the state lost recently by selling excess power for le= ss=20 than it paid, he said.=20 Industry experts agree that such below-cost sales are common in a business= =20 where power needs fluctuate dramatically based on the weather.=20 By contrast, "this is a dead weight loss. Higher costs are being incurred f= or=20 no good reason," Florio said.=20 "The question is, why is the ISO calling on Mohave and not (cheaper) gas=20 plants? The answer is, the gas plants aren't bidding ... probably because= =20 they're contracted with DWR," he said.=20 Four Corners, another low-cost coal plant partly owned by Edison, has also= =20 been throttled back at ISO request, Edison officials said.=20 In addition, so few bidders have shown up at ISO auctions to ease stress on= =20 transmission lines that the system has fallen into disarray, with the ISO= =20 instead ordering across-the-board power production cuts that are boosting= =20 costs, Florio said.=20 For its part, the ISO will say only that "we are making the most economical= =20 decisions we can based on the bids available," said spokeswoman Stephanie= =20 McCorkle.=20 DWR's Garris said the state and the ISO have been meeting repeatedly on=20 bidding and other coordination issues, and he hopes to have a=20 smoother-running system in place by next summer.=20   The Bee's Carrie Peyton can be reached at (916) 321-1086 or=20 cpeyton@sacbee.com <mailto:cpeyton@sacbee.com>.        Davis: FERC excluding $5 billion of owed refunds=20 By Jim Sanders Bee Capitol Bureau (Published July 31, 2001)=20 A ruling by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission last week could cost= =20 Californians $5 billion in energy refunds, according to Gov. Gray Davis, wh= o=20 filed a formal request Monday for a rehearing in the case.=20 Although the commission's order suggested that California is owed refunds= =20 because of exorbitant electricity prices during the recent energy crisis, t= he=20 order's fine print placed severe limits on such refunds, Davis said.=20 "FERC is up to its old tricks again," he said. "They talk about refunds for= =20 California. But in this case, talk really is cheap: The details of its late= st=20 order show it has no intention of making California whole."=20 Tamara Young-Allen, a FERC spokeswoman, declined comment Monday and said th= e=20 agency does not discuss pending cases.=20 California is seeking $8.9 billion in alleged overcharges for electricity= =20 purchased from May 2000 to June 19, when FERC imposed new rules to prevent= =20 price gouging.=20 On Wednesday, FERC ordered hearings to determine precisely how much money= =20 electricity generators would have to pay in refunds to California.=20 At the time, Davis applauded FERC's ruling, saying it validates California'= s=20 claim that "significant refunds are due" and that the agency's action "gets= =20 us closer to realizing that refund."=20 But after poring over details of the 40-page order, state officials said=20 Monday that it excludes from consideration more than half the amount sought= =20 by the state -- leaving $3.9 billion in dispute.=20 Attorney Barry Goode and Nancy McFadden, key members of Davis' energy team,= =20 said the FERC order would not allow refunds:=20 For about $2 billion in alleged overcharges stemming from electricity=20 purchased by Californians between May and October of last year.=20 For electricity bought by the state Department of Water Resources from=20 private companies this year. The state says it is owed about $3 billion fro= m=20 such purchases.=20 The FERC ruling means that only DWR's purchases through the state's=20 now-defunct Power Exchange or through the operator of a statewide electrici= ty=20 transmission grid will be considered for refunds, officials said.=20 Such limitations by the regulatory agency are impractical because the marke= t=20 was dysfunctional, leaving DWR with few options, when the state began buyin= g=20 electricity for debt-strapped private utilities in January, Goode said.=20 "Now FERC says Californians are not entitled to refunds even though they=20 determined the prices were excessively high," Davis said. "It's time for FE= RC=20 to decide who they are working for: the greedy out-of-state generators or t= he=20 people of California."=20 The motion filed Monday sets the stage for a possible lawsuit.=20 "We are calling on FERC to change its order," Davis said. "If it doesn't, w= e=20 will be in court."=20   The Bee's Jim Sanders can be reached at (916) 326-5538 or jsanders@sacbee.c= om=20 <mailto:jsanders@sacbee.com>.         Bill would streamline the path to local power: More cities, including Davis= ,=20 are taking a look at creating municipal utility districts.=20 By Ed Fletcher Bee Capitol Bureau (Published July 31, 2001)=20 With the future of California's investor-owned utilities clouded by the=20 state's energy crisis, more and more cities, including Davis, are looking t= o=20 control their own power destinies.=20 Cities, public-power advocates and state Sen. Nell Soto, D-Pomona, are=20 pushing a bill through the state Legislature that would make it easier to= =20 create municipal utility districts.=20 "My solution to the power crisis is to reassert our interests and declare o= ur=20 independence from out-of-state gougers and in-state irresponsible utility= =20 companies," said Soto, who is carrying the bill, SB 23xx.=20 The Senate approved the bill earlier this month. The Assembly is expected t= o=20 take it up when the Legislature reconvenes in mid-August. The state's three= =20 investor-owned utilities are fighting the proposal.=20 Davis and other cities look longingly at the Sacramento Municipal Utility= =20 District's success in sheltering ratepayers from the brunt of rate increase= s.=20 Given the cloudy financial future of Davis' power provider, Pacific Gas and= =20 Electric Co., public power supporters say it's easy to understand why citie= s=20 want local control. If run well, public power can be cheaper and more stabl= e=20 than that supplied by investor-owned utility companies, they say.=20 "You get to choose the type of energy you want. ... I can't think of a bad= =20 reason" to have public power, said Robert Milbrodt, a Davis resident active= =20 in the drive.=20 After Yolo County officials last year denied an effort to form a public pow= er=20 authority in Davis, the city is ready to take a fresh look. The city, which= =20 did not formally support last year's attempt, this week is expected to name= =20 members to a public power task force. It is also hiring a consultant to hel= p=20 evaluate the pros and cons of a Davis version of SMUD.=20 Soto's bill would create a path to public power that takes county local=20 agency formation commissions out of the process. Under the bill, if all the= =20 cities and counties affected by the proposed municipal utility district sig= n=20 on, the plan bypasses the local LAFCO, goes directly to the California Pubi= c=20 Utilities Commission for analysis and then to the voters of the affected=20 areas.=20 It was the Yolo County Local Agency Formation Commission that turned down t= he=20 Davis request a year ago, saying critical issues were unresolved. Davis=20 public power activists said their plan would have put the basic formation= =20 question before the voters, leaving the details to be worked out later.=20 Public power boosters said lobbying by PG&E doomed their plans.=20 SB 23xx also simplifies the approval process, allowing a simple majority of= =20 voters in the proposed district to create the new power district.=20 Seizing transformers, power lines and other utility company infrastructure= =20 through eminent domain would become much easier for agencies starting=20 municipal utility districts under the bill. A utility company would not be= =20 able to challenge the taking of property based on the merits, but could onl= y=20 fight over price.=20 The utility companies say the provision would take away a key protection=20 against abuse.=20 Surveys show Californians like the idea of local officials controlling thei= r=20 power, in part because they blame investor-owned utilities for the state's= =20 electricity mess.=20 Nearly two-thirds say local governments taking the place of investor-owned= =20 utilities would be a good thing, according to a poll released earlier this= =20 month by the Public Policy Institute of California.=20 There are those that warn, however, that pubic power is not without risk.= =20 "This bill does not address generation," said Dale Hunter, a PG&E lobbyist,= =20 and municipal utility districts that can't generate their own power will be= =20 "exposing ratepayers to the volatility of the (power purchasing) market."= =20 In Los Angeles, the Department of Water and Power has been highly successfu= l=20 because it has surplus power to sell, Hunter said. SMUD has only recently= =20 been forced to raise its rates largely because it generates some of its=20 power, Hunter said.=20 By creating a way around LAFCOs, shifting the Public Utilities Commission t= o=20 an advisory role and stripping the right of utility companies to fight in= =20 court, the bill would be removing important public safeguards, Hunter said.= =20   The Bee's Ed Fletcher can be reached at (916) 326-5548 or=20 efletcher@sacbee.com <mailto:efletcher@sacbee.com>.        SDG&E denies it deceived ratepayers about debt =20   \ objattph=20 Company calls gain on sales, debts 'separate transactions' By Craig D. Rose= =20 UNION-TRIBUNE STAFF WRITER  July 31, 2001  San Diego Gas & Electric yesterd= ay=20 denied allegations that it systematically lied about the debt it racked up= =20 during the power crisis, despite revelations that the company earned hundre= ds=20 of millions from some power sales.  SDG&E and its parent company, Sempra=20 Energy, acknowledged making profits from selling electricity but insisted= =20 those gains have no bearing on the $750 million debt the utility claims to = be=20 owed by customers for power purchases during the energy crisis.  "Those are= =20 completely separate transactions," said Ed Van Herik, a spokesman for SDG&E= .=20 The company's effort to seal a deal with the state to clear the $750 millio= n=20 debt has come under attack by the Utility Consumers' Action Network. The Sa= n=20 Diego-based consumer group says SDG&E's claimed debt is the result of=20 selective bookkeeping, bordering on fraud.  The bottom line, says UCAN, is= =20 that SDG&E engaged in deception and probably owes its customers money. =20 SDG&E, which claimed to have sold customers electricity without markups,=20 actually "was buying electricity at a low price and selling it at a higher= =20 price to us," said Shames. "SDG&E customers have been systematically lied t= o=20 over the past year about this balancing account."  UCAN says that SDG&E=20 earned an estimated $450 million from its power sales to the state, while= =20 publicly declaring that it was posting only losses from buying power.  Sham= es=20 said much of the information leading to UCAN's conclusion came from a=20 detailed analysis of documents made available in recent weeks.  The state= =20 Office of Ratepayer Advocates, meanwhile, yesterday said a new filing by=20 SDG&E that claims its power-sales profits belong to stockholders, not=20 consumers, is "specious" and "without merit."  Van Herik insisted the compa= ny=20 had not been misleading. The spokesman noted that the company earlier was= =20 required to buy electricity from the Power Exchange, a now-defunct=20 marketplace established by the state as part of its deregulation plan.  "Wh= at=20 we said is that we were buying electricity for our customers and passing=20 along the cost without markup," said Van Herik.  What SDG&E failed to=20 publicly announce was that it was simultaneously selling electricity to the= =20 Power Exchange for an apparently healthy profit.  Under certain contracts,= =20 SDG&E had locked in electricity at prices substantially below going rates= =20 during the ongoing power crisis. The company declined yesterday to reveal= =20 terms of the contracts. But UCAN estimates the contracts provided electrici= ty=20 to the utility at no more than 5 cents per kilowatt-hour.  SDG&E then sold= =20 that relatively cheap power to the Power Exchange for a higher price and=20 pocketed the profit, which it also declined to disclose.  As it profited fr= om=20 the power sales, SDG&E bought power at higher prices from the exchange and= =20 billed customers for what it paid.  Whenever SDG&E's costs to buy electrici= ty=20 exceeded what state regulators would allow the utility to charge customers,= =20 it recorded the amounts in balancing accounts. That account grew to $750=20 million.  But SDG&E never offset its losses from electricity purchases with= =20 its profit from sales.  Van Herik said the practice was appropriate because= =20 the lucrative contracts for cheap power were owned by the company's=20 shareholders, not its customers. The practice of keeping profits and losses= =20 entirely separate, he said, was endorsed by a California Public Utilities= =20 Commission audit.  But the first formal ruling on that matter came in June,= =20 when the full commission ruled that all profits from SDG&E's contractual=20 power deals belong to its customers.  SDG&E went to court to overturn the= =20 commission's ruling, but put the legal effort on hold shortly before Sempra= =20 reached a tentative agreement with the state to clear the $750 million debt= .=20 The proposal with the state would reverse the utilities commission ruling a= nd=20 award the company's shareholders ownership of the profits SDG&E made from= =20 selling power.  Van Herik said yesterday that the state made the concession= =20 because it recognized that SDG&E had a strong legal case.  But Shames says= =20 the state had a strong case and noted that the Office of Ratepayer Advocate= s=20 agreed. He is asking the utilities commission to reject the deal.  State Se= n.=20 Steve Peace, D-El Cajon, said he believes that consumer objections to the= =20 balancing account deal are aimed at getting ratepayers a better deal -- and= =20 that's something he supports.  "If Michael Shames can improve on the=20 balancing account deal I'm in full support as long as we don't lose any of= =20 the gains we've already gotten," he said.  A spokesman for Gov. Gray Davis= =20 did not return a telephone call seeking reaction to the UCAN allegations. = =20 Outside UCAN's office in Little Italy yesterday, a group of trade unionists= =20 demonstrated in support of SDG&E's position. Dave Moore, a business manager= =20 for the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local 465, said SDG= &E=20 has handled its power purchases in accordance with utilities commission=20 rulings.  But Shames said the company sought to shield its actions from the= =20 scrutiny of consumer groups and the public.  "They consistently said they= =20 were not making money from this," said the consumer advocate. "For them to= =20 split hairs and say, 'We didn't make money from purchases, we made it from= =20 sales,' is disingenuous."  Staff writer Bill Ainsworth contributed to this= =20 report.=20        Sempra set to unveil plans for new plant, business park =20   \ objattph=20 By Jonathan Heller  UNION-TRIBUNE STAFF WRITER  July 31, 2001  ESCONDIDO --= =20 City officials are expecting to get their first look today at long-awaited= =20 plans to build the largest power plant in North County since the Encina pla= nt=20 came on line more than 30 years ago.  Sempra Energy Resources will file a= =20 200-page application with the city Planning Department for a 550-megawatt,= =20 natural gas-fired power plant and roughly 100-acre business park in southwe= st=20 Escondido, Sempra spokesman Tom Murnane said.  "It (the application) is ver= y=20 detailed," Murnane said. "We have not done an application of this sort=20 before. This is the first time Sempra Energy Resources has been involved in= =20 the development of a business park."  Sempra is building the project in=20 partnership with JRM Real Estate, a Carlsbad-based developer.  The Californ= ia=20 Energy Commission will have final say on the power plant, which could take= =20 three to four years to get on line. The City Council will decide on the=20 industrial park.  City officials have awaited Sempra's bid ever since the= =20 idea was broached in January. The project addresses two needs: The power=20 plant would provide enough energy to power almost a half-million homes, and= =20 the business park would bring higher-paying jobs to a city with the lowest= =20 median income in North County.  "I'm awaiting with great anticipation to se= e=20 what they have planned," said City Councilwoman June Rady. "I have met with= =20 Sempra officials several times in the past and what they have shared with m= e=20 I've been very excited about."  Sempra has promised that its proposed plant= =20 would have lower emission levels than any plant now in the state. The compa= ny=20 also has said the plant would not have a tall smokestack, or a visible vapo= r=20 plume such as the one produced by the city's Iceoplex generating plant.  Th= e=20 plant and park are slated for Quail Hills, the last large parcel of vacant= =20 industrial land in the city. Several previous plans by other developers hav= e=20 failed after they discovered the high costs involved with building on the= =20 hilly terrain.  Neighbors near the area have voiced concerns about noise,= =20 traffic and dust associated with rock crushing, which would be needed to=20 create level foundations for the project.       Davis press secretary confirms buying energy company stock =20   \ objattph=20 ASSOCIATED PRESS  July 31, 2001  SACRAMENTO =01) Gov. Gray Davis' press=20 secretary recently purchased the same energy stock as five consultants the= =20 governor fired last week, he disclosed Monday.  Steve Maviglio confirmed th= at=20 on June 20, he bought 300 shares of stock in Calpine Corp., a San Jose-base= d=20 power generator that has received about $13 billion in state contracts to= =20 supply electricity for up to 20 years.  Maviglio's disclosure comes after= =20 Davis' office hastily ended the contracts of five consultants who helped=20 negotiate state power contracts and held stock in energy companies.  In a= =20 related development, an anonymous source told the Los Angeles Times on Mond= ay=20 that the Securities and Exchange Commission has launched a preliminary=20 inquiry into whether the consultants used inside information to trade the= =20 energy stocks.  About two dozen Davis energy consultants were required to= =20 fill out financial disclosure statements after complaints of conflict of=20 interest by Republicans and consumer groups.  "When we reviewed them, we=20 found possible violations of the law and took swift action," Maviglio said= =20 Monday before Secretary of State Bill Jones issued a press release calling= =20 for his termination.  Jones, a Republican, is a candidate for the GOP=20 nomination to challenge Davis in November 2002.  Maviglio defended his=20 purchase, saying that he "owns several stocks in companies in all fields th= at=20 are growing and are based in California."  Maviglio said Monday that he=20 requested on May 31 to purchase the stock if it dipped to $40 a share, whic= h=20 it did two days after a June 18 ruling by federal energy regulators=20 restricting wholesale electricity prices in California and 10 other states.= =20 Maviglio served as Davis' chief spokesman urging the Federal Energy=20 Regulatory Commission to impose price ceilings on electricity wholesalers. = =20 He also said he owns between $10,000 and $100,000 stock in Houston-based=20 Enron Corp. He said he purchased the stock in 1997 and has reported it on= =20 financial disclosure forms. He said that it is "closer to $10,000." =20 Meanwhile, two energy consultants to Davis have agreed to forgo more than= =20 $50,000 in work they did for the state.  Chris Lehane and Mark Fabiani will= =20 forgo the payments as part of a settlement with a Sacramento-area resident= =20 who filed a lawsuit objecting to their hiring, calling it a conflict of=20 interest.  Fabiani could not be reached for comment Monday. In the=20 settlement, they admitted no wrongdoing.  Lehane issued a statement through= =20 the governor's office, calling it "simply not worth the bother to challenge= =20 the controller in court."  Davis has come under fire for his May hiring of= =20 Lehane, former press secretary for Vice President Al Gore, and Fabiani, a= =20 deputy campaign manager for Gore's presidential run.  They were hired to he= lp=20 shape Davis' response to the energy crisis, and helped craft Davis'=20 aggressive attack on Texas-based energy companies and President Bush.  Both= =20 also have advised Southern California Edison, which is negotiating for stat= e=20 help in avoiding bankruptcy. Financial disclosure forms showed they have ea= ch=20 received at least $10,000 from Edison in the past year.  Davis announced at= =20 the end of June that Fabiani terminated his contract, and Davis scaled back= =20 Lehane's role with the state.  State Controller Kathleen Connell then said= =20 she would not pay Lehane and Fabiani for any of their work and now the two= =20 have agreed they will not fight her decision, Maviglio said.  Lewis K. Uhle= r,=20 the Placer County man who filed the lawsuit, said the settlement=20 "accomplished our objectives."  "We wanted to block the egregious use of=20 taxpayer funds for essentially political spinmeisters," he said. Uhler is= =20 president of the Roseville-based National Tax Limitation Committee.  Mavigl= io=20 said that Fabiani and Lehane "did good work for the state" and helped the= =20 state win victories with federal regulators.=20       THE STATE Davis' Energy Advisors Draw SEC Attention Probe: Under review is the possible use of inside information to buy power= =20 company stocks. GOP rival of governor requested the inquiry. By WALTER HAMILTON JEFFERY L. RABIN and DARYL KELLEY TIMES STAFF WRITERS  July 31 2001  The Securities and Exchange Commission has launched a preliminary inquiry= =20 into whether energy consultants advising Gov. Gray Davis used inside=20 information to trade stocks of power companies doing business with the stat= e,=20 a source with knowledge of the matter said Monday.  The federal agency began its review late last week, the source said, in=20 response to a request from California Secretary of State Bill Jones. A=20 Republican rival of Davis, Jones charged that stock trading by consultants= =20 may have violated federal laws barring buying and selling based on=20 information not available to the public.  On Friday, top aides to the governor disclosed that five consultants had be= en=20 fired for possible conflicts of interest between their official positions a= nd=20 their personal finances. As news of the SEC inquiry spread through the=20 capital Monday, Davis officials were confronted by a flurry of questions=20 about who in the administration owns energy stocks.  Financial disclosure records filed by the governor's spokesman, Steve=20 Maviglio, show that he owns between $10,000 and $100,000 in a Texas company= =20 he and his boss have accused of making "obscene" profits while California h= as=20 been "on its knees." Maviglio said he bought the shares in Houston-based=20 Enron Corp. in 1996.  "It's not a crime to own energy stock," Maviglio said.  He also owns 300 shares of San Jose-based Calpine Corp., which has the=20 largest share of the $43 billion in long-term state power contracts.  Maviglio placed the order for the stock on May 31, one day after San Jose's= =20 mayor dropped his opposition to a controversial Calpine plant favored by th= e=20 governor and others. Under the terms of Maviglio's purchase, the transactio= n=20 was completed about three weeks later when the stock reached $40 a share, a= =20 value of $12,000. It has since fallen in value.  "I viewed it as a good long-term investment," Maviglio said, adding that he= =20 purchased the shares for his retirement account based on publicly available= =20 information.  The Davis administration has spared Calpine the kind of fierce criticisms= =20 that it has leveled at other electricity suppliers, such as Enron. But=20 California's grid operator has identified the company as one of many energy= =20 merchants to overcharge the state millions of dollars.  The fired consultants also owned shares in Calpine, ranging in value from= =20 several thousand dollars to more than $100,000, records show.  Another top Davis administration official, legal affairs secretary Barry=20 Goode, disclosed in his economic interest statement that he recently held= =20 between $100,000 and $1 million in another out-of-state company accused of= =20 multimillion-dollar price gouging.  In a statement, Goode said he sold his stock in Williams Co's. a month afte= r=20 he began working for the governor in February. Goode said the shares were= =20 supposed to be sold before he went on the state payroll, but his broker=20 failed to do so.  In light of the recent disclosures, Secretary of State Jones said the=20 governor must do more to ensure the public that its interest comes first.  "The governor should direct all of his staff to immediately file updated=20 conflict of interest statements that reflect current holdings and any=20 activity since their last statement of economic interest was filed," said= =20 Jones, who is seeking the GOP nomination for governor.  Word of the SEC's entry into California's energy problems comes as the=20 governor faces harsh criticism from lawmakers and others for the quick and= =20 broad hiring of highly paid private consultants to guide him through the=20 crisis.  In his written request to the SEC, Jones said that recently filed disclosur= e=20 documents showed that at least one consultant bought and sold shares of two= =20 energy companies within the same month, raising "a red flag" about the=20 possibility of insider trading.  State law prohibits officials from participating in decisions involving the= ir=20 personal financial interests.  The five consultants fired last week were among 11 named in Jones' letter,= =20 delivered to the San Francisco office of the SEC last Wednesday. It was not= =20 clear which individuals are the focus of the SEC's inquiry, or whether the= =20 agency's review would result in any charges.  Two of the former traders said Monday that they had not been contacted by= =20 federal investigators and knew nothing of an inquiry into possible insider= =20 trading.  But William Mead, fired Thursday, said it is no mystery why so many of his= =20 colleagues owned Calpine stock.  Mead said he bought it 2 1/2 years ago and made so much money he recommende= d=20 it to his colleagues last year, while they all still worked for the=20 now-defunct California Power Exchange in Alhambra. Calpine power was not=20 traded on that exchange, so there was no conflict of interest, he said.  Mead and three other energy traders--hired by the state in February and=20 March--were terminated by the Davis administration for allegedly buying pow= er=20 for the state from Calpine while owning the company's stock. Fired traders= =20 Herman Leung, Peggy Cheng and Constantine Louie did not list the date of=20 their Calpine purchases on financial statements that the state required to = be=20 filed only two weeks ago.  "But I'm sure they bought it while they were still at the power exchange,= =20 because that's when we discussed it," Mead said. "It was kind of like a=20 hobby. I'm sure it wasn't done with the intent to manipulate."  Former trader Elaine Griffin, who also owned Calpine stock and resigned two= =20 weeks ago to take another job, said she didn't know she owned energy=20 securities until she checked with her financial advisor July 13, just befor= e=20 leaving her state job.  Griffin said she and her husband own about $10,000 worth of Calpine stock i= n=20 individual retirement accounts managed by their advisor, who bought the sto= ck=20 Feb. 1 without their knowledge, she said, after research found it to be a= =20 good investment.  "I kind of feel like we've been used for political reasons," Griffin said.= =20 "We would have disclosed anything right at first, but they never asked."  As a trader, Griffin said she occasionally bought Calpine power for the=20 state, but only at market prices.  Meanwhile, two Democratic political consultants, who helped Davis polish hi= s=20 image after the ongoing energy crisis caused his poll numbers to plummet,= =20 have agreed to accept no payment for their work as part of an out-of-court= =20 settlement of a taxpayer lawsuit.  Tom Hiltachk, a lawyer for conservative anti-tax activist Lewis Uhler, said= =20 the settlement was reached last Friday after negotiations with lawyers for= =20 communications consultants Mark Fabiani and Chris Lehane.  "Now they will not receive one red cent," said Hiltachk. "Very simply Mr.= =20 Fabiani and Mr. Lehane have agreed to cease all activities for the governor= ,=20 to accept no payments for their services and to basically get out of the=20 consulting business with the governor."  As his part of the agreement, Hiltachk said, Uhler withdrew his lawsuit=20 Monday morning.  Uhler had filed a lawsuit against the two consultants and Controller Kathle= en=20 Connell in June contending that they should not receive any payments becaus= e=20 of a conflict of interest. The two men also did consulting work for=20 financially troubled Southern California Edison, which was seeking help fro= m=20 Davis and the Legislature.  Connell, a former Los Angeles mayoral candidate who has been at odds with= =20 Davis since he endorsed an opponent, had held up the payments pending the= =20 outcome of the lawsuit.  Under an agreement with Davis, the men were to have been paid $30,000 a mon= th=20 for six months.  Fabiani and Lehane could not be reached for comment.  *  Times staff writers Nancy Vogel and Virginia Ellis in Sacramento and Robert= =20 J. Lopez in Los Angeles contributed to this story.=20 Copyright 2001, Los Angeles Times <http://www.latimes.com>=20        California governor's press secretary confirms buying energy company stock= =20 ALEXA HAUSSLER, Associated Press Writer Tuesday, July 31, 2001=20 ,2001 Associated Press=20 URL: < http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=3D/news/archive/2001/07/31/n= ation al1023EDT0543.DTL> (07-31) 07:23 PDT SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) --=20 Gov. Gray Davis' press secretary says he owns stock in the same energy=20 company as five state consultants who were fired because of possible confli= ct=20 of interest.=20 Steve Maviglio confirmed Monday that on June 20 he bought 300 shares of sto= ck=20 in Calpine Corp., a San Jose-based power generator that has received about= =20 $13 billion in state contracts to supply electricity for up to 20 years.=20 Secretary of State Bill Jones called for Maviglio's termination. Jones is a= =20 candidate for the GOP nomination to challenge Davis in November 2002.=20 The five energy consultants were fired last week because they owned shares = in=20 Calpine and also had helped the state buy electricity from the company. "We= =20 did not want them making governmental decisions and holding these stocks,"= =20 said Barry Goode, the governor's legal affairs secretary.=20 An anonymous source told the Los Angeles Times on Monday that the Securitie= s=20 and Exchange Commission has launched a preliminary inquiry into whether the= =20 consultants used inside information to trade energy stocks.=20 Maviglio defended his investment, saying that he "owns several stocks in=20 companies in all fields that are growing and are based in California."=20 He said he had arranged to buy Calpine stock if it dipped to $40 a share,= =20 which it did two days after a June 18 ruling by federal energy regulators= =20 restricting wholesale electricity prices in California and 10 other states.= =20 Calpine stock closed Monday at $37.13.=20 Maviglio had served as Davis' chief spokesman urging the Federal Energy=20 Regulatory Commission to impose price ceilings on electricity wholesalers.= =20 He also said he owns stock worth $10,000 to $100,000 in Houston-based Enron= =20 Corp., the nation's largest power wholesaler. He said he bought the stock i= n=20 1997 and has reported it on financial disclosure forms. He said his holding= =20 is "closer to $10,000."=20 ,2001 Associated Press=20        PG&E's $500,000,000 second-quarter surprise=20 Verne Kopytoff, Chronicle Staff Writer <mailto:vkopytoff@sfchronicle.com> Tuesday, July 31, 2001=20 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle </chronicle/info/copyright>=20 URL: < http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=3D/chronicle/archive/2001/07= /31/B U213760.DTL> PG&E Corp. said yesterday that it will earn $500 million to $600 million mo= re=20 than anticipated in the second quarter because its bankrupt utility was abl= e=20 to buy cheaper electricity in March as wholesale prices dropped.=20 As a consequence, PG&E reduced the amount of money it says the utility,=20 Pacific Gas and Electric Co., lost during California's energy crisis from= =20 $5.2 billion to between $4.6 billion and $4.7 billion.=20 "Its a good thing for PG&E," said Paul Fremont, an energy industry analyst= =20 with Jefferies & Co., an investment bank in New York. "But it clearly does= =20 not get them to the level where they are able to emerge from bankruptcy and= =20 make all of their creditors whole."=20 The disclosure by PG&E Corp. yesterday adds a modest boost to its quarterly= =20 earnings report, set for tomorrow morning. The company is expected to repor= t=20 an operating profit of 71 cents per share, according to analysts polled by= =20 Thomson Financial/First Call, an investment research firm.=20 PG&E Corp. is the owner of Pacific Gas & Electric Co., which filed for=20 Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in April after electricity prices soared= =20 this year. The utility had previously estimated that it lost $1.1 billion i= n=20 the first quarter and $4.1 billion in the fourth because it was prohibited = by=20 the state Public Utilities Commission from passing higher costs on to=20 consumers.=20 PG&E Corp. also includes a energy producing unit, which generally makes=20 money, and a venture capital arm. Neither of those divisions is affected by= =20 the utility's bankruptcy.=20 The utility said it got a small break in March as the price it was paying t= o=20 the California Independent System Operator for energy declined sharply. The= =20 unanticipated drop was attributed to declining demand because of energy=20 conservation, low tempera-=20 tures and the opening of new power plants in the state.=20 The utility also benefited from the cancellation of power contracts by=20 companies that did not want to do business with a bankrupt partner. Those= =20 contracts were for selling power at below cost.=20 What is the utility's gain, though, may be a negative for PG&E's power-=20 producing division. The lower prices could mean the energy-producing group= =20 will make less money from its sales, analysts said.=20 E-mail Verne Kopytoff at vkopytoff@sfchronicle.com=20 <mailto:vkopytoff@sfchronicle.com>.=20 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle </chronicle/info/copyright> Page E - 1=20        Power and 'juice'=20 <mailto:chronfeedback@sfchronicle.com> Tuesday, July 31, 2001=20 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle </chronicle/info/copyright>=20 URL: < http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=3D/chronicle/archive/2001/07= /31/E D133454.DTL> GOV. GRAY DAVIS seems to have an ethical blind spot when it comes to the=20 hiring of outsiders to help manage California's energy crisis.=20 Throughout the crisis, Davis has been intolerably slow in responding to=20 questions about whether certain members of his inner circle -- drawing big= =20 checks off the public payroll -- might have possible financial conflicts.= =20 As of yesterday, the governor's office still has not required 16 contractor= s=20 to file public disclosure documents that would reveal whether they have any= =20 financial stake in companies affected by policies they help develop.=20 Steve Maviglio, the governor's press secretary, said 42 energy "consultants= "=20 have filed their economic disclosure statements. But he said the other 16= =20 were "contractors" -- without actual decisionmaking authority -- and were= =20 thus not required to fill out the forms.=20 Maviglio's "contractor versus consultant" distinctions are technical and=20 semantic. His spin simply doesn't wash.=20 The bottom line is that "contractors" who are making big decisions involvin= g=20 big dollars for the state are not playing by the same rules as others in th= e=20 public trust.=20 For example, Davis has exempted two Wall Street executives, Joseph Fichera= =20 and Michael Hoffman, who are putting together a rescue plan that involves a= =20 $12.5 billion bond issue. They are getting $275,000 a month for their advic= e.=20 Yet they have not been required to fill out disclosure forms, which would= =20 allow the governor -- and any other Californian -- to assess whether a=20 potential conflict exists.=20 "They told us they don't have any conflicts," said Maviglio, who,=20 incidentally, confirmed yesterday that in June he bought $12,000 worth of= =20 stock in the Calpine Corp., the generating company with the largest chunk o= f=20 state power contracts. On July 2, Davis publicly praised Calpine as "the mo= st=20 responsible of the generators."=20 Davis should have finally learned his lesson last week after having to fire= =20 five consultants -- all involved in energy trading -- when their belatedly= =20 filed disclosure forms showed serious potential conflicts. A sixth consulta= nt=20 quit. Four of those traders owned Calpine shares.=20 A week earlier, the Davis administration was forced to order a group of=20 consultants to hastily unload their power-company holdings or lose their=20 contracts.=20 The governor's office also has been stung by revelations that political=20 consultants Chris Lehane and Mark Fabiani, hired at $30,000 a month to=20 develop energy-related "communications strategies," also had a contract wit= h=20 Southern California Edison.=20 Moreover, some of the disclosure forms that have been filed to date have be= en=20 less than complete, especially regarding the timing of the buying and selli= ng=20 of energy stocks.=20 How many scandals will it take for Davis to insist on full disclosure -- an= d=20 the highest ethical standards -- of everyone who is working for him on the= =20 energy crisis?=20 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle </chronicle/info/copyright> Page A - 16=20        S.F. to vote on electric power to the people=20 Measures would start public utility districts=20 Rachel Gordon, Chronicle Staff Writer <mailto:rgordon@sfchronicle.com> Tuesday, July 31, 2001=20 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle </chronicle/info/copyright>=20 URL: < http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=3D/chronicle/archive/2001/07= /31/M NW145417.DTL> San Francisco -- After decades of trying to persuade San Francisco to take= =20 control of its electrical system, advocates of public power now have the=20 issue before city voters.=20 "The timing couldn't be better," said consumer advocate Medea Benjamin, co-= =20 director of San Francisco's Global Exchange.=20 "It's not just the threat of blackouts or the highest rate hikes in history= .=20 It's the fact that PG&E is in bankruptcy. It's the depletion of the state= =20 budget," she said. "This is a hell of an opportunity."=20 The opportunity she is talking about centers on two November ballot measure= s=20 that would pave the way for creating a public power system and taking Pacif= ic=20 Gas and Electric Co. out of the city's electricity market.=20 Under the proposed measures, an elected board of directors would set the=20 rates and have control over everything from the terms for buying electricit= y=20 to whether to use more renewable energy sources, such as wind, hydroelectri= c=20 and solar power.=20 Public power would base policies "on a more localized basis, where the valu= es=20 of an individual community can be put into practice," said Ed Smeloff, a=20 longtime public power advocate who was recently hired as an assistant gener= al=20 manager at the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission.=20 One proposal, an initiative placed on the ballot by residents, calls for=20 setting up a municipal utility district in San Francisco and neighboring=20 Brisbane. The district would be governed by an elected board of directors.= =20 The other measure, placed on the ballot last week by the Board of=20 Supervisors, would create a municipal water and power agency and would affe= ct=20 only San Francisco.=20 PG&E has mounted a campaign to defeat the measures, so far pumping more tha= n=20 $200,000 into the effort.=20 "We think the (ballot proposals) are a bad idea," said Frank Gallagher,=20 spokesman for the Coalition for Affordable Public Services, the PG&E-financ= ed=20 group fighting the measures. "They're confusing and do nothing to address t= he=20 problem."=20 The company has a history of opposing public power proposals, derailing a= =20 plan in Davis in the 1990s and using a legal challenge to stall the start o= f=20 Sacramento's Municipal Utility District for two decades.=20 For years, private utilities have enjoyed a powerful hold on state and loca= l=20 politicians. But the energy crisis has caused widespread public anger and= =20 concern, forcing city and state officials to take another look at public=20 power.=20 A poll conducted this month by the Public Policy Institute of California, a= =20 nonpartisan think tank in San Francisco, found that nearly two-thirds of=20 Californians support the replacement of private electric companies with=20 municipal power authorities formed by local governments.=20 San Francisco already owns a power system, Hetch Hetchy, which provides pow= er=20 for city departments. PG&E provides power to residents and businesses.=20 The San Francisco Charter amendment placed on the ballot by the supervisors= =20 calls for abolishing the city's existing Public Utilities Commission, which= =20 is run by commissioners and a director appointed by the mayor. The proposed= =20 public power board would have seven elected directors, but the agency still= =20 would retain some ties to City Hall.=20 The supervisors' plan is intended to be used as a backup to the municipal= =20 utility district -- commonly known as a MUD -- which is considered to be mo= re=20 vulnerable to the expected legal challenges from PG&E.=20 "It's a great marriage, and will ensure that we get public power in San=20 Francisco," said Board of Supervisors President Tom Ammiano, chief sponsor = of=20 the board's measure.=20 San Francisco is not alone in looking at public power. San Diego, the first= =20 city to feel the hard pinch of the energy crisis, wants to establish a=20 regional public power system in an attempt to pool resources and bring down= =20 energy costs.=20 The East Bay Municipal Utility District, which provides water and sewer=20 service, is considering expanding its reach to power. In the Bay Area, the= =20 cities of Alameda and Palo Alto already have public power. The two largest= =20 public power agencies in the state serve Los Angeles and Sacramento.=20 In San Francisco, the pro-public power forces are going to tout the promise= d=20 virtues of turning the electric utility over to a public authority that by= =20 law cannot turn a profit. That, they contend, means lower rates.=20 "It's an expectation, but it's also tried and true," said Ross Mirkarimi,= =20 campaign director of MUD Now, the group sponsoring the ballot initiative.= =20 On average, consumers pay 18 percent less for power from public utilities, = he=20 said.=20 Gallagher, spokesman for the opposition campaign, said ratepayers shouldn't= =20 assume that public power means lower energy bills. "There's no way the rate= s=20 are going down," he said.=20 He blamed the energy crisis not on deregulation but on a shortage of=20 electricity, which jacked up prices and undercut reliability.=20 "The measures do nothing about supply," Gallagher said. "All this will do i= s=20 cost people money. You can't just take PG&E's assets. You have to pay for= =20 them."=20 E-mail Rachel Gordon at rgordon@sfchronicle.com=20 <mailto:rgordon@sfchronicle.com>.=20 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle </chronicle/info/copyright> Page A - 11=20       Davis' advisers probed by SEC=20 Published Tuesday, July 31, 2001, in the San Jose Mercury News=20 BY WALTER HAMILTON, JEFFERY L. RABIN AND DARYL KELLEY=20  Los Angeles Times=20   The Securities and Exchange Commission has launched a preliminary inquiry= =20 into whether energy consultants advising California Gov. Gray Davis used=20 inside information to trade stocks of power companies doing business with t= he=20 state, a source with knowledge of the matter said Monday.=20 The federal agency began its review late last week, the source said, in=20 response to a request from California Secretary of State Bill Jones, who is= =20 seeking the GOP nomination for governor. Jones charged that stock trading b= y=20 consultants may have violated federal laws barring buying and selling based= =20 on information not available to the public.=20 On Friday, top aides to the governor disclosed that five consultants had be= en=20 fired for possible conflicts of interest between their official positions a= nd=20 their personal finances.=20 In addition, financial disclosure records filed by the governor's spokesman= ,=20 Steve Maviglio, show that he owns between $10,000 and $100,000 in a Texas= =20 company he and his boss have accused of making ``obscene'' profits while=20 California has been ``on its knees.'' Maviglio said he bought the shares in= =20 Houston-based Enron Corp. in 1996.=20 ``It's not a crime to own energy stock,'' Maviglio said.=20 Calpine purchase=20 He also owns 300 shares of San Jose-based Calpine Corp., which has the=20 largest share of the $43 billion in long-term state power contracts.=20 Maviglio placed an order for the stock with an electronic broker May 31, on= e=20 day after San Jose Mayor Ron Gonzales dropped his opposition to a=20 controversial Calpine plant under pressure from the governor and others.=20 Under the terms of Maviglio's instructions, the stock was automatically=20 purchased on his behalf when Calpine fell to $40 a share, according Hilary= =20 McLean, a spokeswoman for the governor. It has since fallen in value.=20 ``I viewed it as a good long-term investment,'' Maviglio said, adding that = he=20 purchased the shares for his retirement account based on publicly available= =20 information.=20 The Davis administration has spared Calpine the kind of fierce criticisms i= t=20 has leveled at other electricity suppliers, such as Enron. But California's= =20 grid operator has identified the company as one of many energy merchants to= =20 overcharge the state millions of dollars.=20 The fired consultants also owned shares in Calpine, ranging in value from= =20 several thousand dollars to more than $100,000, records show.=20 Another top Davis administration official, legal affairs secretary Barry=20 Goode, disclosed in his economic interest statement that he recently held= =20 between $100,000 and $1 million in another out-of-state company accused of= =20 multimillion-dollar price gouging.=20 In a statement, Goode said he sold his stock in Williams Co's. a month afte= r=20 he began working for the governor in February. Goode said the shares were= =20 supposed to be sold before he went on the state payroll but his broker fail= ed=20 to do so.=20 In light of the recent disclosures, the secretary of state said the governo= r=20 must do more to assure the public that its interest comes first.=20 ``The governor should direct all of his staff to immediately file updated= =20 conflict of interest statements that reflect current holdings and any=20 activity since their last statement of economic interest was filed,'' Jones= =20 said.=20 Word of the SEC's entry into California's energy problems comes as the=20 governor faces harsh criticism from lawmakers and others for the quick and= =20 broad hiring of highly paid private consultants to guide him through the=20 crisis.=20 In his written request to the SEC, Jones said that recently filed disclosur= e=20 documents showed that at least one consultant bought and sold shares of two= =20 energy companies within the same month, raising ``a red flag'' about the=20 possibility of insider trading.=20 State law prohibits officials from participating in decisions involving the= ir=20 personal financial interests.=20 The five consultants fired last week were among 11 named in Jones' letter,= =20 delivered to the San Francisco office of the SEC last Wednesday. It was not= =20 clear which individuals are the focus of the SEC's inquiry, or whether the= =20 agency's review would result in any charges.=20 Two of the former traders said Monday that they had not been contacted by= =20 federal investigators and knew nothing of an inquiry into possible insider= =20 trading.=20 But William Mead, fired Thursday, said it's no mystery why so many of his= =20 colleagues owned Calpine stock.=20 Mead said he bought it 2 1/2 years ago and made so much money he recommende= d=20 it to his colleagues last year, while they all still worked for the=20 now-defunct California Power Exchange in Alhambra. Calpine was not traded o= n=20 that exchange, so there was no conflict of interest, he said.=20 Traders fired=20 Mead and three other energy traders -- hired by the state in February and= =20 March -- were terminated by the Davis administration for allegedly buying= =20 power from Calpine while owning the company's stock. Fired traders Herman= =20 Leung, Peggy Cheng and Constantine Louie did not list the date of their=20 Calpine purchases on financial statements that the state required to be fil= ed=20 only two weeks ago.=20 ``But I'm sure they bought it while they were still at the power exchange,= =20 because that's when we discussed it,'' Mead said. ``It was kind of like a= =20 hobby. I'm sure it wasn't done with the intent to manipulate.''   Mercury News Staff Writer Noam Levey contributed to this report.=20        Ethics issue in stock buy?=20 A top Davis aide bought shares in a power company dealing with the state.= =20 July 31, 2001=20 By JOHN HOWARD The Orange County Register=20 SACRAMENTO A top aide to Gov. Gray Davis bought stock in a power company th= at=20 received a long-term contract with the state, the latest in a series of=20 energy investments that have cast an ethical cloud over the state's=20 electricity purchases.=20 Steven Maviglio, Davis' press secretary and acting communications director,= =20 ordered through his broker 300 shares of San Jose-based Calpine Corp. stock= =20 May 31, to take effect when it dropped to $40 per share. It dropped below= =20 that June 20 and Maviglio purchased $12,000 worth, he said.=20 Two days earlier, federal regulators had placed a cap on what Calpine and= =20 other energy producers could charge for energy -- a cap Maviglio had touted= =20 on behalf of Davis.=20 Monday's disclosure of Maviglio's transaction comes just days after Davis= =20 fired five consultants who were purchasing energy for the state from a=20 company whose stock they owned. At the time, Maviglio said it "appeared to = us=20 there was a possible violation of the law, or very close to it."=20 He said his own situation was different, "because they (the five) were=20 committing state resources and timing their purchases." The disclosure of h= is=20 transaction, he said, was "clearly a political smear by a desperate=20 candidate," referring to Secretary of State Bill Jones, a Republican=20 gubernatorial hopeful and rival of Davis.=20 Jones said Maviglio "should be fired immediately" and that Davis should ord= er=20 all of his staff to immediately file updated conflict-of-interest statement= s=20 to reflect current holdings.=20 Maviglio said he would sell the Calpine stock - which closed at $37.13 a=20 share Monday - if requested by Davis' legal staff. He said he spoke with=20 those lawyers Monday and they had not made that request, nor had he been=20 asked to resign.=20 A Davis aide, Hilary McLean, said, "Absolutely, the governor has confidence= =20 in Steve."        Aide denies stock deal was improper=20 Maviglio says the June 20 purchase, submitted online, was in the hands of= =20 others.=20 July 31, 2001=20 By JOHN HOWARD The Orange County Register=20 SACRAMENTO The governor's chief spokesman denies he committed any improprie= ty=20 by buying Calpine Corp. stock June 20, saying the purchase was actually in= =20 the hands of others.=20 Steven Maviglio said he submitted on May 31 a purchase order through his=20 online brokerage to buy 300 shares of Calpine, a San Jose-based power=20 generator that has a long-term energy contract with the state.=20 "It could have happened an hour after later (after the purchase order), a= =20 month later or five years later," he said. "Or never."=20 But Sherry Bebitch Jeffe, a political scientist at Clare mont Graduate=20 University, questioned the wisdom of Maviglio's stock transaction.=20 "What I find puzzling is that he moved to change the dynamic of his stock i= n=20 the middle of this energy problem, in the middle of the governor's attacks= =20 and the governor's negotiations," she said. "There ought to have been an=20 understanding that even if not illegal, there should have been a perception= =20 that he shouldn't be involved in playing with stocks."=20 The disclosure of the transaction couldn't have come at a worse time for th= e=20 administration, or Maviglio: On Friday, five state energy consultants with= =20 stock-firm stock were summarily fired and a state lawyer was reassigned to= =20 another job. Another consultant with similar investments quit July 14 to ta= ke=20 a private job.=20 All were involved in the energy-purchasing program that was launched under = an=20 emergency order Jan. 17, in which the state began buying power on behalf of= =20 the strapped utilities, which did not credit to purchase power on their own= .=20 Dozens of people were directly involved in the energy purchases.=20 Earlier in the day Monday, in a separate issue, the governor's office=20 disclosed that two key consultants who had been hired to help Davis with hi= s=20 public relations had decided to forgo $50,000 in contract fees as part of a= =20 legal settlement with Davis' critics.=20 The two consultants, Chris Lehane and Mark Fabiani, both veterans of the=20 Clinton-Gore White House and political campaigns, had been hired in May und= er=20 a $30,000-a month state contract.=20 Republicans complained that Davis was using state money to finance politica= l=20 operatives. Fabiani left the payroll earlier under pressure; Lehane left th= is=20 month.        Power firms amp up lobbying=20 Politics: Edison spends $5.5 million to gain support for bailout to prevent= =20 bankruptcy.=20 July 31, 2001=20 By KIMBERLY KINDY and HANH KIM QUACH The Orange County Register=20 SACRAMENTO Edison International has spent more than $5.5 million this year = to=20 enlist residents and stockholders to lobby the Legislature to bail out its= =20 subsidiary Southern California Edison and save it from bankruptcy, reports= =20 released Monday show.=20 The latest financial disclosure statements show that energy companies=20 continue to spend millions of dollars to influence the Legislature. Meals,= =20 campaign contributions and tickets to sporting events continue to flow to= =20 lawmakers and their staffs.=20 Overall, the amount spent on direct lobbying of the Legislature rose slight= ly=20 over last quarter, but gifts and contributions to candidates continued to= =20 fall. The deadline for statements is today, but many companies and candidat= es=20 filed early.=20 Edison's $5.5 million is so far the largest expenditure directed toward an= =20 orchestrated campaign to influence Capitol politicians. Spokesman Brian=20 Bennett said Edison spent the money on television commercials to reach all= =20 Californians and on a telephone appeal directly to stockholders.=20 "This was to educate the public about the dangers of bankruptcy to the=20 state's economy and to solicit their support in conveying a message to the= =20 Legislature that bankruptcy is not an option for the Edison company," Benne= tt=20 said.=20 The telephone work involved telling stockholders that the company's value= =20 would drop if lawmakers did not support a bill to save Edison. Then they=20 offered to directly connect the stockholders to lawmakers' offices, asking= =20 that they tell the lawmakers directly to support the bailout.=20 Consumer advocate Doug Heller said Edison's spending - which totaled $5.7= =20 million for the three-month reporting period and jumped from $318,802 from= =20 the prior quarter - is out of line.=20 "It's amazing that a company teetering on the edge of bankruptcy has millio= ns=20 of dollars to throw around to politicians and to create phony grass-roots= =20 campaigns to influence legislators," said Heller, of the Foundation for=20 Taxpayer and Consumer Rights.=20 Edison said no contributions were made directly to anyone running for offic= e=20 or re-election for this quarter.=20 In all, lawmakers sitting on energy committees and who had reported by Mond= ay=20 night accepted nearly $61,000 from energy-related companies.=20 As of late Monday, Assemblyman Dean Florez, D-Shafter, who sits on the=20 Assembly Energy Committee, had received the largest contribution from energ= y=20 companies this quarter, $21,000.=20 Seven of the largest power producers that sell electricity to the state spe= nt=20 a total of $546,488 on lobbying and other efforts to influence the=20 Legislature.=20 Topping the list was Calpine Corp., which spent $141,204. Duke Energy came = in=20 second at $99,735.44 - a $20,000 leap over the prior quarter. Most of Duke'= s=20 money was spent on consultants who worked overtime building a defense for t= he=20 company against accusations of price gouging made by former employees.=20 "Overall, our consultants spent more time setting the record straight again= st=20 some blatantly false and misleading statements, regarding our rates and pla= nt=20 operations, which the state's own documents proved were false," said Duke= =20 spokesman Pat Mullen. Some lawmakers and energy experts say the state=20 documents do not clear Duke of wrongdoing, and the accusations are still=20 being investigated by a Senate committee.       Gouger Gray Davis=20 California's petulant governor ignores reality as he overpays for electrici= ty  LANCE T. IZUMI Mr. Izumi is a senior fellow in California Studies at the Sa= n=20 Francisco- based Pacific Research Institute. On the surface, things seem to be going pretty good for Gov. Gray Davis wit= h=20 regard to California's electricity crisis. The governor has scored some nic= e=20 publicity by switching on some new power plants. The weather has been=20 unseasonably cool. His poll numbers are edging back up. Yet beneath this=20 optimistic picture lie troubling problems. For example, Davis's argument th= at=20 out-of-state power generators are responsible for the electricity crisis ha= s=20 been falling apart. For months, Davis has been claiming that private=20 generators have overcharged California by $8.9 billion and demanded that th= is=20 amount be refunded to the state. However, after a two-week mediation betwee= n=20 state officials and the generators, Curtis Wagner, the federal government's= =20 chief energy regulatory judge, rebuked Davis's claim saying that such a hug= e=20 overcharge "has not and cannot be substantiated." Further, while the=20 generators may be liable to refund a much smaller amount to the state,=20 perhaps $1 billion, Wagner said that generators are owed more money by the= =20 state than they owe the state in refunds: "Can a cash refund be required=20 where a much larger amount is due the seller? The chief judge thinks not."= =20 Davis reacted to the judge's ruling by calling it a "raw deal" and by urgin= g=20 the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to ignore the lack of evidence and= =20 the judge's conclusions and to "step up and provide the refunds we've asked= =20 for." Davis's position, as usual, is motivated purely by politics. Indeed,= =20 Dan Walters of the Sacramento Bee says that Davis is operating in a=20 "melodramatic virtual world" de-linked from reality.=20 Davis's blame-the-generators argument took another body blow when newly=20 released documents showed that, on average, major out-of-state power=20 companies such as Enron, Duke, Dynergy and Mirant charged less than the=20 average prices paid by the state during the first three months of the year.= =20 California government utilities, on the other hand, such as the Los Angeles= =20 Department of Water and Power and the Sacramento Municipal Utility District= =20 (SMUD), charged the state much more for electricity than the out-of-state= =20 generators. For example, while Texas-based Enron, a favorite Davis whipping= =20 boy, charged an average $181 per megawatt hour, SMUD charged an average $33= 0=20 per megawatt hour.=20 Davis responded to this revelation in typical political fashion. A Davis=20 spokesman said that the governor had expressed his anger at "the generators= =20 who wear cowboy hats" and that "just because there are other entities that= =20 are charging us more doesn't change the fact that we are getting ripped off= =20 by companies from Houston, Tulsa, Atlanta or Charlotte."=20 Yet, for all Davis' feigned indignation about consumers being ripped off, i= t=20 turns out that he and his regulators are poised to ensure that business=20 consumers are ripped off by state government. Davis has signed $43 billion = in=20 ill-advised long-term purchase contracts at rates above-market-price. The= =20 state must, therefore, ensure that enough business customers remain in the= =20 current state-controlled distribution system to pay for high-priced state= =20 power purchases. This is especially important to Davis since the high price= s=20 are borne disproportionately by business. Thus, Davis' regulators are set t= o=20 eliminate "direct access," which allows businesses to shop for cheaper powe= r.=20 Who's the real gouger? No matter how much Davis points the finger,=20 Californians are paying dearly for his political opportunism and bad=20 policies.=20        Turning Coal into a tradable commodity By Rick Stouffer rstouffer@ftenergy.com <mailto:rstouffer@ftenergy.com> With the California power debacle offering a neck-snapping jolt, a number o= f=20 states have determined they must offer more than lip service to ensure that= =20 residents and businesses have enough power to function.  While deregulation's brakes may have been applied in some locales, it doesn= 't=20 mean that development incentives likewise have been scaled back.=20  "There is no question that California was the wake-up call for these states= ,"=20 said Craig Goodman, president of the National Energy Marketers Association.= =20  Midwest a hotbed for incentives Many of the states that have already passed legislation to entice new plant= =20 development are located in the Midwest, an area that, while not yet sufferi= ng=20 from a lack of power, slowly, inexorably is heading in that direction.=20  "Iowa, Illinois and Ohio are located in ECAR (the East Central Area of the= =20 North American Electric Reliability Council, or NERC), which is not yet in = a=20 crisis situation when it comes to sufficient power, but is only a year or t= wo=20 away from that crisis," said Robert Burns, senior research associate with t= he=20 National Regulatory Research Institute at Ohio State University in Columbus= ,=20 Ohio.=20  In its latest self-assessment presented as part of NERC's most recent 10-ye= ar=20 projection, 2000-2009, ECAR said that if 10,400 MW of new capacity is not= =20 added within ECAR as planned, capacity margins within the region will go=20 negative in 2005.=20  PPAs a no-no in Iowa No plant of any significant size has been built in Iowa since 1983, but=20 legislators, during a one-day special session in June, put in place what th= ey=20 hope will spur additional development.=20  The Iowa measure allows utilities to see how their costs will be incorporat= ed=20 into rates prior to plant investment, and also permits municipal systems to= =20 band together to finance new facilities.=20  One item the Iowa legislature could not get past a veto that Gov. Tom Vilsa= ck=20 promised was allowing utilities to purchase power via power purchase=20 contracts from unregulated affiliates.=20  The governor said such a measure would lock in profits for utilities and=20 preclude potential rate cuts. Proponents say the governor effectively locke= d=20 out millions of dollars of investment in Iowa by Madison, Wis.-based Allian= t=20 Energy Corp., which reportedly wanted to build as much as 1,200 MW of=20 capacity in Iowa.=20  Wisconsin Energy likes the tune Northeast of Iowa, Wisconsin appears to be heading off a problem nearly all= =20 power plant developers have these days: a bad case of "not in my backyard."= =20  "Even if a state approves a new power supply, you still have to deal with= =20 local siting officials and NIMBYism," said Goodman.=20  One Wisconsin proposal given serious consideration is to double the impact= =20 plants have on shared revenue payments, to $250 million from $125 million.= =20  Changing shared revenue payments to provide additional compensation to loca= l=20 governments that favor plant construction on existing plant sites also has= =20 been introduced in Wisconsin.=20  Wisconsin Gov. Scott McCallum also has proposed lowering the state's gross= =20 receipts tax on wholesale power to 1.59% from the current 3.19%.  Many of the proposals floating around the Badger State are music to the ear= s=20 of Wisconsin Energy, which is looking to spend some $7 billion over the nex= t=20 decade to construct five new power plants.=20  Not everyone likes the look of incentive legislation in Iowa, Wisconsin and= =20 other states. Many of the new laws are geared toward assisting incumbent=20 utilities=01*effectively snubbing independent power producers, the IPPs say= .=20  "I would not call many of these incentive packages incentives for merchant= =20 power producers," said Samantha Slater, manager of state and regional affai= rs=20 for the Electric Power Supply Association. "Utilities only building new=20 plants definitely is not the way to go."=20  Big doings in Illinois Perhaps the biggest, most all-encompassing incentive package passed by a=20 state in recent memory isn't specifically about promoting plant development= .=20  Illinois Gov. George H. Ryan in late June signed legislation that provides = up=20 to $3.5 billion in incentives designed, industry watchers say, to preserve= =20 and promote the state's $1 billion coal industry=01*and keep 25,000 coal-re= lated=20 jobs intact.  "Illinois in part wanted to protects its coal jobs with this legislation,"= =20 said Paul Cetevich, director of energy services at the Utility Research=20 Center at the University of Florida's Warrington College of Business in=20 Gainesville. "Illinois has been trying to do similar things for a number of= =20 years."=20  The Illinois plan includes sales (6.5%) and utility tax exemptions, along= =20 with an investment tax credit, millions for a financial assistance program= =20 for coal-fired facilities, bond funds set aside to be used for transmission= =20 upgrades and to finance renewable energy projects, even a review by the sta= te=20 Environmental Protection Agency to determine if new regulations concerning= =20 older coal-fired plant emissions are warranted.  Highlights of Illinois energy incentive legislation  Designates new baseloa= d=20 plants, the mines that fuel them or firms that construct new or upgrade=20 existing transmission lines as so-called high-impact businesses. These=20 businesses are provided sales tax exemptions on building materials and=20 equipment, utility tax exemptions and investment tax credits. (Natural=20 gas-fired plants are only eligible for sales tax exemption.)  Creates a $50= 0=20 million financial assistance program for coal-fired plants equal to the=20 amount of general obligation bond funding that can be repaid by coal tax=20 revenues gained on new Illinois coal purchases.  Provides up to $1.7 billio= n=20 in revenue bond authorization to provide financing for electric plants=20 generating Illinois coal mining jobs, including mine-mouth plants and plant= s=20 that use clean-coal technology, repayable by the developers.  Provides up t= o=20 $300 million in revenue bond authorization designed to spur upgrades to the= =20 transmission grid in Illinois, repayable by the wires' owner.  Provides up = to=20 $500 million in revenue bond authorization to finance renewable energy=20 projects, and $500 million for existing coal-fired plants to add scrubbers,= =20 both repayable by the developers.  Mandates a review by the Illinois=20 Environmental Protection Agency of the need for new state regulations=20 governing emissions by older coal-fired plants not subject to stricter air= =20 quality restrictions imposed on new units.  Creation of additional local=20 options for property tax abatement.  In addition, Illinois Gov. George H.= =20 Ryan amended an earlier executive order creating the Governor's Energy=20 Cabinet. Under the revised order, the Energy Cabinet will have responsibili= ty=20 for siting new generation, overseeing implementation of environmental=20 regulations on new plant developers and streamlining the state's permitting= =20 process for new generation.=20  "When the legislative session began in January, you had all the publicity= =20 about California, the price of natural gas had spiked, there was talk of $3= a=20 gallon gasoline, so there were probably three or four versions of coal=20 legislation floating around at one time," said Brian Reardon, a spokesman f= or=20 the Illinois Department of Commerce and Community Affairs.=20  Ryan convened a coal summit in March, took ideas from all invited and put= =20 together what became the state's $3.5 billion incentive package.=20  "I'm very impressed with what Illinois has put in place," the energy=20 marketers' Goodman said. "I'm not aware of any other state with as=20 comprehensive a package."=20  A newly created Governor's Energy Cabinet in Illinois would seem to put=20 NIMBYism to bed, if not totally to rest, by assuming responsibility for=20 siting new generation, overseeing environmental regulation implementation a= nd=20 streamlining state permitting.=20  "We were able to develop a comprehensive strategy that addresses our state'= s=20 energy needs while providing for a long overdue boost to our coal industry,= "=20 Gov. Ryan said in a statement.=20  Looking at the broader picture Illinois is preserving the coal industry, but also looking at the broader= =20 picture, according to the University of Florida's Cetevich. Illinois, and= =20 many other states, have determined that natural gas-fired plants may not be= =20 the saviors the country should rely upon.=20  "I believe the No. 1 overriding factor, while some states are putting=20 incentive packages together, is that the states and public utility=20 commissions have realized that with the numerous natural gas price spikes,= =20 coal is not such a bad option after all."=20  "Having all our eggs in the natural gas basket could be a bad thing," agree= d=20 the National Regulatory Research Institute's Burns. "It cannot have good=20 implications."=20        Debt Pitch: California's Next Test In Electricity Crisis: Selling Power Bonds --- The $12.5 Billion Offering, Crucial to State Finances, Faces Skeptical Investors --- The Risk of Big Budget Cuts=20 By Mitchel Benson and Gregory Zuckerman=20  07/31/2001=20 The Wall Street Journal=20 Page A1=20 (Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)=20 SACRAMENTO, Calif. -- For the past seven months, Gov. Gray Davis has begged= ,=20 cajoled and even threatened legislators and regulators, to lay the groundwo= rk=20 for a $12.5 billion bond issue California needs to cover the cost of keepin= g=20 its lights on.=20 Now comes the tough part: persuading investors that the bond is an attracti= ve=20 investment. On that score, Mr. Davis's team, whose credibility has been=20 battered by California's months-long electricity crisis, is hoping to bounc= e=20 back from a rocky start.=20 This week, a delegation headed by state Treasurer Philip Angelides is=20 scheduled to visit Wall Street to pitch the municipal debt offering, which= =20 would be the largest in U.S. history by a factor of nearly four. To succeed= ,=20 Mr. Angelides will have to allay investors' fears of the kind of political= =20 infighting that already has delayed the issue several times. He will have t= o=20 satisfy bond-rating agencies that the bond is safe enough to merit a top-ti= er=20 investment-grade rating. And he'll have to make investors want to buy it=20 without demanding costly inducements that would give California financial= =20 headaches for decades to come.=20 "This isn't building the Panama Canal. It's not Apollo 11," says Mr.=20 Angelides. But, he concedes, the bond sale will be "uniquely challenging."= =20 That is because this giant bond issue won't be backed by the full faith and= =20 credit of the state or by tax dollars -- the types of guarantees public-deb= t=20 investors often prefer. Instead, the bonds, which will have maturities of a= s=20 long as 15 years, are to be paid off by the state's electricity ratepayers= =20 from their monthly bills, which some view as a riskier source of cash flow.= =20 Moreover, there is still a question as to whether the issue's proceeds will= =20 be adequate to repay the bonds, restore the state's financially troubled=20 private utilities to health and finance future electricity purchases.=20 Despite these hurdles, many analysts predict California will eventually=20 succeed in pulling off the bond deal, though at a cost far higher than=20 originally anticipated. In fact, the apparent easing of the state's energy= =20 crunch may make its marketing job a bit less difficult. A recent drop in th= e=20 price of natural gas, which fuels many California power plants, a mild summ= er=20 in the West and a June decision by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission= =20 to impose electricity price caps in the region have helped avert the rollin= g=20 blackouts that roiled the state earlier this year.=20 Still, the specter of history overhangs the bond offering. Rating agencies= =20 are haunted by having failed to warn investors of such public-finance=20 disasters as the 1983 default of the Washington Public Power Supply System= =20 and the 1994 bankruptcy of Orange County, Calif. Moreover, Moody's Investor= s=20 Service and Standard & Poor's assigned investment-grade ratings as recently= =20 as early January to debt issued by Pacific Gas & Electric Co., just three= =20 months before the California utility sought Chapter 11 bankruptcy-court=20 protection.=20 By the time California hopes to sell its bonds, in October or early Novembe= r,=20 the state's electrical-power purchases are expected to leave it owing a tot= al=20 of about $10 billion to its lenders and its own general fund. If the bond= =20 issue is delayed beyond that, or canceled, or if the offering flops,=20 California could be forced to make billions of dollars in spending cuts,=20 raise taxes or increase electricity rates for the third time in the past ye= ar=20 to pay back what it owes.=20 If the bond sale fails "the state of California will be in deep trouble,"= =20 says Mr. Angelides. "The state general fund must be repaid so money for=20 education, health care and children's services can be safe."=20 California's need for the bonds -- like most of the state's energy woes --= =20 stems from its troubled 1996 electricity-deregulation plan. Under the plan,= =20 the state's investor-owned utilities were obliged to sell many of their pow= er=20 plants to other companies and purchase electricity through a state-sponsore= d=20 power auction. Consumer rates were frozen, but wholesale rates weren't.=20 The system worked fairly well until May 2000, when wholesale rates began=20 soaring amid tight electricity supplies and stronger-than-expected demand.= =20 Last year, the state's cost of wholesale power climbed to $27 billion from = $7=20 billion in 1999. In the first six months of this year, that sum hit $20=20 billion.=20 With retail rates frozen, Pacific Gas & Electric, a unit of PG&E Corp., and= =20 Edison International's Southern California Edison racked up billions of=20 dollars of debts. In January, after power generators stopped doing business= =20 with the utilities, the state began buying power on their behalf. It borrow= ed=20 the money from its general fund, normally used to pay for everything from= =20 public safety and environmental programs to social services and education, = at=20 a pace of more than $1 billion a month.=20 In February, Mr. Davis's allies in the state Legislature helped him pass a= =20 bill authorizing the state to sell bonds to replenish the fund and to=20 continue making power purchases. But legislators cautiously capped the size= =20 of the borrowing, using a complex formula. Under the new law, the formula= =20 would allow only for a bond sale of less than $1 billion.=20 Realizing that wasn't sufficient, the governor and the assembly drafted=20 another bill that scrapped the formula and allowed the state to sell up to= =20 $13.4 billion of bonds. But, in a setback for Mr. Davis, Republican lawmake= rs=20 banded together to deny him the two-thirds majority needed for the bill to= =20 immediately become law. As a result, the law won't take effect until=20 mid-August, when the public-finance market is all but moribund.=20 In the meantime, Mr. Angelides moved to hire underwriters. After receiving= =20 four dozen bids from Wall Street investment bankers in February, he retaine= d=20 a team led by J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. But under pressure to get the financi= ng=20 moving, the treasurer didn't negotiate firm underwriting fees on the deal.= =20 At the time, Mr. Angelides said he expected the underwriters to "skinny dow= n"=20 their fees given the enormous size of the offering. But Morgan, representin= g=20 a team of underwriters that includes Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc., Citgrou= p=20 Inc.'s Salomon Smith Barney unit and Bear, Stearns & Co., says it expects t= o=20 charge standard fees, given the significant challenges presented by the=20 issue's size. In the case of a $12.5 billion sale, that amounts to around $= 56=20 million. J.P. Morgan and the California treasurer's office now say the fees= =20 won't be decided until they determine the bond issue's final size and=20 structure.=20 From the start, relations between California officials and Wall Street seem= ed=20 fraught with miscommunication. In February, Mr. Davis called a meeting to= =20 explain to institutional investors, analysts and rating-agency executives h= is=20 blueprint for getting a grip on California's energy crisis. The session, hi= s=20 only face-to-face meeting with investors to date, was held at Manhattan's= =20 Cornell Club. Attendees say the governor kept them waiting for 20 minutes= =20 before breezing into the room and giving them only a general overview of th= e=20 state's energy plan, which left investors grumbling.=20 During the discussion, Mr. Davis, a Bronx, N.Y., native, made light of a=20 conversation he had had with Richard Cortright Jr., a Standard & Poor's=20 director. "I told him: `You're from Indiana, that explains why you're not= =20 getting it,'" the governor said, according to several people present.=20 "It was intended as a joke, but no one was laughing," says A.J. Sabatelle, = a=20 Moody's vice president. A spokesman for Mr. Davis says the governor doesn't= =20 recall the exchange; Mr. Davis is frequently late for public engagements. A= =20 spokesman for Mr. Cortright wouldn't comment.=20 Then, in March, the governor's office set up a conference call to update=20 investors. Figuring they wouldn't get a big turnout, they used an open-mike= =20 system that allowed each investor's comments to be heard by everyone else.= =20 But with around 100 investors taking part, the presentation by Joseph=20 Fichera, a paid consultant who is one of Mr. Davis's top financial advisers= ,=20 turned into a free-for-all, with one caller cursing Mr. Fichera in response= =20 to one of his answers.=20 Infighting among California politicians hasn't helped. Earlier this year, f= or=20 example, state Controller Kathleen Connell criticized the way her fellow=20 Democrats, Messrs. Davis and Angelides, were handling the bond sale. Unless= =20 it was far bigger, she warned, the state would face a "cash-flow crunch" by= =20 February or March of 2002. The governor's office fired back, calling her=20 claims "completely" political.=20 California policy makers have "spent most of the year bickering and finger= =20 pointing," Standard & Poor's director Peter Rigby said in a recent report,= =20 "and that will raise some uncertainty among lenders." Moreover, investors= =20 know the state needs the money, and so "it's a buyer's market," Mr. Rigby= =20 added.=20 Aware that it needed a financial pro to make its case to Wall Street, the= =20 Davis Administration pushed Mr. Fichera to the forefront. Since May, the=20 former Prudential Securities investment banker has spent hours on conferenc= e=20 calls with Wall Street explaining the state's strategy. That and a sense th= at=20 California has gotten a better grip on its electricity woes indicates that= =20 "the governor's staff is far higher on the learning curve than just a few= =20 months ago," says Paul Patterson, an electric-power analyst at ABN Amro Inc= .=20 Critical barriers remain. The state's Public Utilities Commission has yet t= o=20 make key decisions intended to ensure that there's enough ratepayer revenue= =20 set aside to guarantee that bondholders get paid. On Aug. 23, for example,= =20 the PUC is expected to take up a rate agreement giving the state's power=20 purchaser, the Department of Water Resources, unprecedented authority to=20 raise rates without a public hearing. The commission also is expected to=20 decide how to divvy up current ratepayer revenue among state and private=20 utilities and to take up a measure that would prohibit large industrial=20 consumers from, in effect, bypassing the utilities and buying their juice= =20 directly from generators or traders.=20 But opponents of those controversial measures are expected to put up a figh= t.=20 Businesses and consumer groups are particularly upset that the state might= =20 get carte blanche to raise rates and are threatening to sue to block the PU= C=20 decision before the state Supreme Court.=20 California already has some of the highest electricity rates in the nation.= =20 Residential consumers in San Francisco, for instance, pay around 14 cents p= er=20 kilowatt hour for power, up from about 10 cents in December. That compares= =20 with around seven cents per kilowatt hour in Atlanta and 10 cents in Chicag= o,=20 but it is still lower than the nearly 23 cents charged in New York City.=20 High costs are a big reason businesses think they ought to be free to buy= =20 electricity directly. It's not "in the best interest of consumers to=20 eliminate direct access in order to market bonds that will keep the price o= f=20 electricity in California higher than necessary for at least 10 years," say= s=20 Allan Zaremberg, president of the California Chamber of Commerce.=20 The state's three largest investor-owned utilities, PG&E, SoCalEd and Sempr= a=20 Energy's San Diego Gas & Electric Co., are expected to demand the largest= =20 possible share of the revenues they collect from ratepayers. PG&E, for=20 example, has already asked for a public hearing to examine the state's clai= m=20 that it needs so much money. The pressure to allocate more cash to the=20 utilities could also rise if a state-sponsored bailout plan for SoCalEd fai= ls=20 and the utility joins PG&E in bankruptcy proceedings.=20 Sorting all these issues out before the PUC may lead to legal challenges th= at=20 could delay the bond issuance for months. And potential investors face=20 another nagging concern: Under a $43 billion series of long-term power=20 contracts signed by the state, electricity generators and traders involved= =20 get first call on revenue from ratepayers. Only then would bondholders, who= =20 are accustomed to being first in line, get paid.=20 In fact, some investors who were initially enthusiastic about a bond that i= s=20 expected to pay more than half a percentage point above other municipal=20 issues in the market are starting to have doubts. Marilyn Cohen, president = of=20 Envision Capital in Los Angeles, a firm that manages bond portfolios for=20 individual investors, says she spent several months setting aside money to= =20 participate in the deal. Now, she says, she is starting to look elsewhere. = "I=20 don't have confidence that it will get done," she adds.=20 Many investors are concerned the state hasn't proved it can overcome its=20 energy crisis. "These are the same guys who told us energy prices were goin= g=20 south five years ago, they're trying to gloss over the potential problems,"= =20 says Kelly Mainelli, a portfolio manager at Montgomery Asset Management in= =20 San Francisco, who is considering investing in the bonds. He says he also= =20 worries about a spike in natural gas prices ahead of the offering.=20 To reassure potential investors, the state now is offering to amass a $3=20 billion reserve -- from bond proceeds and ratepayer revenues -- to ensure= =20 that bondholders would get paid in the event of any unforeseen developments= =20 in the power market. In addition, California lawmakers are moving a bill=20 through the Legislature that would set aside a specific portion of revenues= =20 from ratepayers solely to pay bondholders. Such an approach could help the= =20 bond issue "to get a higher rating," says David Hitchcock, director of=20 Standard & Poor's state and local government group.=20 It might not, however. It isn't clear whether bankruptcy courts can overrul= e=20 state government. So, some investors worry that PG&E's bankruptcy judge cou= ld=20 rule that money collected by the utility should go to the company's=20 creditors, and not to paying investors in the coming bond deal, throwing a= =20 wrench into the offering. The same would be true in the case of SoCalEd if = it=20 ended up filing for Chapter 11 protection.=20 Underwriters are moving to broaden the appeal of the planned issue by=20 chopping it into small slices aimed at different types of investors. There= =20 will be taxable, tax-free, variable-interest, fixed-interest, short-term an= d=20 long-term bonds. State Finance Director Tim Gage says the state is assuming= a=20 rating "in the range of single-A" on the power bonds and thus expects to pa= y=20 an average annual interest rate of 5.77% on the tax-exempt issue and 7.77% = on=20 the taxable bonds.=20 Investors and analysts "may think we're crazy," says Guy Phillips, one of t= he=20 state's top legislative aides on energy matters, "But in the end, the=20 decision for them is: `Do we see a path to get our money.'"=20 ---=20 Journal Link: Would you purchase California bonds that are backed by utilit= y=20 payments? Participate in the Question of the Day, in the online Journal at= =20 WSJ.com/Question.=20  (Graph)      California ; Op Ed Desk=20 Commentary The State Will Pay for Davis' Panic KATHLEEN CONNELL; PETER NAVARRO  07/31/2001=20 Los Angeles Times=20 Home Edition=20 Page B-13=20 Copyright 2001 / The Times Mirror Company=20 The five-to-20-year power contracts signed in a panic by the Davis=20 administration have saddled California with billions of dollars of "strande= d=20 costs" that will burden our economy and state budget for years to come.=20 Now, Gov. Gray Davis' spin doctors want us to believe that these $43-billio= n=20 long-term contracts were both necessary and the impetus for a moderating=20 energy market. Here's the real story:=20 Last summer, under a flawed deregulation, a handful of large out-of-state= =20 generators effectively cornered California 's wholesale electricity market.= =20 This "sellers cartel" first drained our electric utilities dry. In November= ,=20 it became the taxpayers' turn to be victimized, when the Davis administrati= on=20 gave carte blanche authority to the Department of Water Resources for energ= y=20 purchases. Between November and July, the department burned through $8=20 billion in short-term energy purchases, devouring almost the entire state= =20 budget surplus. This required the state Public Utilities Commission to pass= =20 the largest rate hike in California history and will require the state to= =20 issue $12.4 billion in bonds this fall to service this debt.=20 In February, with spot market prices at all-time highs and rolling blackout= s=20 rippling through the state, the governor's representatives began to negotia= te=20 long-term contracts with the sellers cartel. This was an ill-advised=20 long-term strategy to fight a short-run crisis. To understand why, look at= =20 the negotiating chessboard from the electricity cartel's perspective. The= =20 cartel's negotiators knew that within 18 to 24 months, there would be a hug= e=20 glut of power on the market as many power plants were already under=20 construction in California and throughout the West. Once the new energy=20 resources were available, the cartel would no longer be able to manipulate= =20 the market. This supply glut would drive prices back to the 1999 range of= =20 three to five cents per kilowatt-hour, far lower than the prices now set in= =20 the long-term energy contracts.=20 To the cartel members, this looming power glut was a recipe for heavy losse= s.=20 Locking the state into long-term contracts at lucrative rates was their=20 redemption. The Davis administration walked into this market inferno,=20 bargaining from extreme weakness at the top of the market, signing contract= s=20 that were too expensive. The administration also capitulated on two highly= =20 objectionable clauses. The first requires the state to absorb all costs of= =20 environmental protection for many of the generators. The second holds the= =20 generators "harmless" for any increase in taxes imposed on the generators b= y=20 the state. This provision essentially freezes taxes on the generators over= =20 the next several years, requiring taxpayers to pick up the tab.=20 Notwithstanding the administration's spin, the current improvement in our= =20 energy situation may be traced to at least four other factors: This summer= =20 has been unusually cool, Californians have increased their conservation,=20 recessionary forces have reduced demand and, most important, the Federal=20 Energy Regulatory Commission finally imposed price caps on the sellers=20 cartel, dampening market manipulation.=20 The bottom line is this: Long after the rolling blackouts stop, California= =20 still will be saddled with billions of dollars of unnecessary electricity= =20 costs and high bond debt. These higher costs will hurt consumers and=20 businesses, put heavy pressure on the state budget for years and inhibit th= e=20 state's economic growth.=20 There are two lessons from this multibillion-dollar mistake. The first is t= o=20 have full public review of major energy decisions. Equally important, the= =20 Public Utilities Commission must be allowed to retain its rate-making=20 authority so that problems are not hidden in a state bureaucracy.      Electrical Switch: Now, Cheaper Power Is Causing Hefty Losses for California=20 By Rebecca Smith  07/31/2001=20 The Wall Street Journal=20 Page A3=20 (Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)=20 Mild weather means that California is escaping blackouts, but it also means= =20 that the state is amassing power-trading losses that are adding to the cost= =20 of an energy mess now in its 15th month.=20 Internal documents show that so far in July, California has resold the=20 equivalent of 8% of the power it bought under short-term and long-term=20 contracts that were designed to reduce the state's reliance on the volatile= =20 and costly spot market. The problem is, the state has had a surfeit of powe= r,=20 and it has been selling the juice into the market at a fraction of the pric= e=20 it paid, leading to losses from July 1 through Thursday of about $30 millio= n=20 to $35 million.=20 The losses illustrate the difficulties dogging the state's new energy czar,= =20 the California Department of Water Resources, despite a softening of=20 electricity prices and demand. The department got into the power-purchasing= =20 business in a big way in January, when the state's biggest investor-owned= =20 utilities quit buying power because they were no longer creditworthy. Since= =20 then, the state has signed $43 billion worth of contracts, one for as much = as=20 20 years, in a bid to tamp down high spot-market prices. Critics now say it= =20 was a mistake to lock in so much power at such a high cost.=20 Power officials say the state has been in the odd position since last month= =20 of having too much power contracted for off-peak hours. "It's something you= 'd=20 expect when you first get into a new business and you'd hope to reduce it,"= =20 said Pete Garris, chief of operations for the power-purchasing agency.=20 Internal numbers from the DWR, which the agency has confirmed, show that on= =20 average the state paid, from July 1 to Thursday, $123 per megawatt hour for= =20 some 1.8 million megawatts of power purchased under long-term contracts, an= d=20 $148 per megawatt hour for some 2.2 million megawatt hours of power purchas= ed=20 under short-term contracts. In the same period, the records show it sold=20 excess power amounting to 320,000 megawatt hours at an average price of $27= =20 per megawatt hour, less than what it costs to fuel many plants. At times, t= he=20 DWR sold the juice for as little as $2 per megawatt hour.=20 This, ironically, has offered an opportunity to power traders that the stat= e=20 was seeking to hem in through its contract program. They have been able at= =20 times to substitute cheap power they buy from the state for the more costly= =20 power they otherwise would have to generate to meet their contract=20 obligations.=20 Despite the agency's power-trading losses, total market costs still are dow= n=20 substantially from previous months, partly due to price limits set June 19 = by=20 the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Slacker demand also has been a=20 factor. In June, Southern California Edison, a unit of Edison International= ,=20 sold 11.8% less electricity to its customers than in June 2000, reflecting= =20 energy conservation and reduced demand for air conditioning.=20 Since January the state has spent $9.5 billion buying power at an average= =20 cost of $237 per megawatt hour, according to internal DWR documents. That i= s=20 more than double the price of wholesale electricity last year, when prices= =20 averaged $114. The state's cash-strapped utilities have reimbursed the agen= cy=20 $1.53 billion of the $9.5 billion it has spent so far. As a result of the= =20 huge shortfall, the state has tapped California 's general fund and now is= =20 pursuing a plan to sell $12.5 billion worth of revenue bonds to replenish i= ts=20 coffers.=20 The state signed dozens of long-term power contracts after January, pushed = by=20 federal energy regulators to protect itself against spot-market volatility.= =20 So far this year, it has spent $851 million under long-term contracts, $2.3= 6=20 billion under short-term arrangements and $5.54 billion on spot-market=20 purchases, according to the DWR documents.=20 But the state's "long" position in July, in which it had too much power, ha= s=20 at times given power-trading companies an arbitrage opportunity. Last=20 Wednesday, for example, the state sold electricity for as little as $2 per= =20 megawatt hour on the same day that it was paying $22 to $75 on the spot=20 market, presumably because its advance purchases did not exactly match the= =20 actual shape of demand.=20 John Stout, senior vice president for Houston-based Reliant Energy Inc., a= =20 big energy supplier to California , said a trader can double or triple his= =20 company's profit by substituting cheap market power from the water-resource= s=20 agency for power the company otherwise would generate. It is also free to= =20 resell the natural gas it might have used to fuel its plants. "That's what= =20 the trader is there to do and not leave money on the table," said Mr. Stout= .=20 (Chart) 
 Greetings:  Sorry to bombard, but there is simply so much in the press today that affec= ts=20 just about everything that this group has been, and will continue to be,=20 struggling with, that I thought it might be useful information for folks to= =20 have.  Note in particular the story about the bonds in today's WSJ.  My=20 apologies if you feel spammed. Feel free to lash out if that's the case.  Best, Jeff  PS  We had not idea that Maviglio owned our stock. =20 ***************************************************************************= *** *************************** Sac Bee, Tues, 7/31: Davis spokesman under fire for stock=20 Sac Bee, Tues, 7/31: Davis energy aide leaves -- without pay=20 Sac Bee, Tues, 7/31: Power delivery efficiency questioned: Output at low-co= st=20 generating plants has been cut while costlier ones continue to operate Sac Bee, Tues, 7/31: Davis: FERC excluding $5 billion of owed refunds=20 Sac Bee, Tues, 7/31: Bill would streamline the path to local power: More=20 cities, including Davis, are taking a look at creating municipal utility=20 districts SD Union, Tues, 7/31: SDG&E denies it deceived ratepayers about debt=20 SD Union, Tues, 7/31: Sempra set to unveil plans for new plant, business pa= rk SD Union, Tues, 7/31: Davis press secretary confirms buying energy company= =20 stock LA Times, Tues, 7/31: Davis' Energy Advisors Draw SEC Attention SF Chron, Tues, 7/31: California governor's press secretary confirms buying= =20 energy company stock=20 SF Chron, Tues, 7/31: PG&E's $500,000,000 second-quarter surprise=20 SF Chron, Tues, 7/31: Power and 'juice'=20 SF Chron, Tues, 7/31: S.F. to vote on electric power to the people=20 Measures would start public utility districts=20 Mercury News, Tues, 7/31: Davis' advisers probed by SEC=20 OC Register, Tues, 7/31: Ethics issue in stock buy?=20 OC Register, Tues, 7/31: Aide denies stock deal was improper=20 OC Register, Tues, 7/31: Power firms amp up lobbying=20 OC Register, Tues, 7/31: Gouger Gray Davis  (Commentary) Energy Insight, Tues, 7/31: Turning coal into a tradable commodity WSJ, Tues, 7/31: Debt Pitch: California's Next Test In Electricity Crisis: Selling Power Bonds LA Times, Tues, 7/31: California ; Op Ed Desk=20 Commentary The State Will Pay for Davis' Panic WSJ, Tues, 7/31: Electrical Switch: Now, Cheaper Power Is Causing Hefty Losses for California=20 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------= --- -------------------------------------------------------------  Davis spokesman under fire for stock=20 By Amy Chance and Dale Kasler Bee Staff Writers (Published July 31, 2001)=20 Davis administration spokesman Steve Maviglio acknowledged Monday that he= =20 bought stock in Calpine Corp. in June, at a time when the company was=20 announcing a breakthrough in its bid to build a controversial San Jose powe= r=20 plant.=20 His disclosure came several days after Gov. Gray Davis dismissed five state= =20 power purchasers for owning stock in the company and drew new complaints th= at=20 Davis administration officials may have improperly mixed their private=20 finances and their public roles.=20 Maviglio, now acting as interim communications director for the=20 administration, said he put in an "open" order for Calpine stock May 31,=20 agreeing to buy 300 shares once the stock hit a certain price.=20 He said that threshold was met June 20, the day after an action by the=20 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission brought down "all energy stock prices= =20 across the board."=20 Maviglio said he bought the stock for his individual retirement account, an= d=20 it has since declined in value. Under terms of the open order, he said, he= =20 had no control over the exact date of purchase.=20 Maviglio touted the company in his role as spokesman to the governor in a= =20 story published June 27 in The Bee. He said Monday that he was simply=20 responding to a reporter's question about the company's positive reputation= .=20 "They have made a clear commitment to invest in California's future,"=20 Maviglio said at the time. "Their pricing has been far more reasonable than= =20 any other generator."=20 In the interview, Maviglio also contrasted Calpine and Texas-based=20 generators. He said Calpine "took a different tack from the Joe Bobs of the= =20 world," an apparent reference to Joe Bob Perkins, a senior executive with= =20 Reliant Energy Inc. of Houston.=20 Maviglio acknowledged the stock ownership several days after the=20 administration ended its relationship with several energy consultants who= =20 held stock in energy companies, including Calpine.=20 Under pressure from Secretary of State Bill Jones, a Republican who hopes t= o=20 challenge Davis for governor next year, the Davis administration has spent= =20 several weeks scrambling to answer questions about the stock holdings and= =20 potential conflicts of its consultants and energy traders.=20 Jones said Monday that Maviglio should be fired.=20 "These actions are unethical, unconscionable, unacceptable, and heads shoul= d=20 roll," he said in a statement. He said the Democratic governor should direc= t=20 all of his staff to immediately file updated conflict-of-interest statement= s=20 to reflect current holdings.=20 Jones, who last week asked the Securities and Exchange Commission to=20 investigate administration consultants for insider trading, also said the= =20 probe should be expanded "to include all of the governor's staff."=20 Federal law and SEC regulations forbid anyone from trading stocks while=20 possessing "insider information" -- relevant facts not available to the=20 public, according to the SEC. Violations can bring lawsuits and criminal=20 prosecution.=20 Michael Prozan, a Menlo Park lawyer and expert on insider trading, said the= =20 prohibition against it originally focused on halting company executives fro= m=20 profiting from news before it was disclosed publicly.=20 But the laws have been broadened to include others besides company employee= s.=20 Investment bankers, lawyers and journalists have been snared by=20 insider-trading crackdowns.=20 Davis' office was instrumental earlier this year in paving the way for=20 removing barriers to construction of a Calpine plant in San Jose. On May 30= ,=20 after opposing the project for years, San Jose Mayor Ron Gonzales announced= =20 he had negotiated an agreement addressing his concerns and agreed to suppor= t=20 construction.=20 His action came after Davis in April endorsed the plant's construction and = as=20 the state Energy Commission threatened to approve it over local objections.= =20 On June 20, the company announced it had won tentative state approval to=20 build the plant.=20 Maviglio said he buys many stocks and that Enron Corp. and Calpine are the= =20 only energy generators among them. He owns 100 shares of Enron stock, which= =20 he purchased in 1996.=20 "I deal with hundreds of California companies just about every day, and thi= s=20 was one that I saw that looked like a good investment based on public=20 knowledge," he said. "I read six newspapers a day or more, and I know what'= s=20 going on in the world. If there's a standard that I can't invest in somethi= ng=20 that I have general public knowledge of, then I wouldn't have any stocks at= =20 all."=20 Maviglio said that the "open" order he placed meant that he could not have= =20 used inside information to make his stock purchase.=20 "Had I had specific knowledge about a contract being signed or what actuall= y=20 happened in the office of the mayor of San Jose ... that would have been=20 unrelated," Maviglio said. "There was no timing-based sequence to it."=20 Calpine stock, despite the company's considerable success, has slipped in= =20 recent weeks because of general investor anxiety about the California energ= y=20 crisis.=20 The stock, which trades on the New York Stock Exchange, closed at $49.30 on= =20 May 31, the day Maviglio says he placed the purchase order. The order was= =20 executed as the stock dipped below $40 on June 20, closing that day at=20 $39.85.=20 The day before, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission announced a=20 price-control plan that investors believed was damaging to generators'=20 profits. On Monday, the stock closed at $37.13.=20 Last week, the Davis administration stopped doing business with five energy= =20 traders under contract with the administration after Maviglio said=20 administration lawyers "came to the determination that there are possible= =20 violations of the law or close to it."=20 "It's not a crime to own energy stock," Maviglio said Monday. "The differen= ce=20 with these traders is they're making governmental decisions. They're=20 committing the state's resources by spending money to buy power."=20 Jim Knox, director of California Common Cause, said he believes the=20 Governor's Office made critical errors while hiring staff to purchase energ= y=20 for the state.=20 "Had the Governor's Office gone to the trouble to have these people fill=20 statements of economic interest, as they were required to do by law, they= =20 should have known this before they were hired and they shouldn't have been= =20 hired," Knox said.=20   The Bee's Amy Chance can be reached at (916) 326-5535 or achance@sacbee.com= =20 <mailto:achance@sacbee.com>.=20 Emily Bazar of The Bee Capitol Bureau contributed to this report.        Davis energy aide leaves -- without pay=20 By Emily Bazar Bee Capitol Bureau (Published July 31, 2001)=20 A high-paid consultant to Gov. Gray Davis who came under fire for his=20 dealings with a California utility has cut ties with the administration and= =20 won't be paid for work already completed.=20 Under terms of a settlement made final Monday, former Clinton damage contro= l=20 specialist Chris Lehane will no longer help shape Davis' public response to= =20 the energy crisis.=20 Neither Lehane nor partner Mark Fabiani -- who were hired by Davis in May o= n=20 a six-month, $30,000-a-month contract -- will receive any money for their= =20 services. Fabiani left last month.=20 Because Lehane and Fabiani each received at least $10,000 under contract wi= th=20 Southern California Edison in the past year, Lewis Uhler, president of the= =20 National Tax Limitation Committee, filed a lawsuit alleging that conflict o= f=20 interest laws had been violated.=20 But Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said Lehane and Fabiani were instrumenta= l=20 in persuading the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to limit the wholesa= le=20 cost of power in the state.=20 "Chris Lehane provided an invaluable service to the people of California in= =20 helping us get action after a yearlong wait from FERC," he said. "It's a=20 shame that politics gets in the way of public service."=20 Uhler, however, said he believes Lehane and Fabiani represent a larger=20 problem in the Davis administration, and he pointed to the recent dismissal= =20 of energy traders who held stock in energy companies.=20 "Doesn't anybody in the Governor's Office understand conflict of interest?"= =20 Uhler asked.=20 "This is really sending a signal that the Governor's Office thinks that it = is=20 somehow above the law."=20   The Bee's Emily Bazar can be reached at (916) 326-5540 or ebazar@sacbee.com= =20 <mailto:ebazar@sacbee.com>.    Power delivery efficiency questioned: Output at low-cost generating plants= =20 has been cut while costlier ones continue to operate. By Carrie Peyton Bee Staff Writer (Published July 31, 2001)=20 California is sometimes deliberately cutting output from low-cost power=20 plants while running more expensive ones, utility and grid officials say.= =20 The sporadic episodes haven't cost much yet, but they illustrate a=20 potentially troubling disconnect in the system that has quickly grown betwe= en=20 two agencies that help deliver electricity to a power-strapped state.=20 "We seem to be building this inefficiency into the system, and it doesn't= =20 seem to be getting better," said Mike Florio, a consumer advocate who sits = on=20 the governing board of the Independent System Operator.=20 The trouble is that the ISO, created in 1996 to manage the power grid in a= =20 deregulated electric market, tries to run the grid by auctions that -- in= =20 theory -- provide the cheapest electricity for the state's consumers.=20 Meanwhile, the state Department of Water Resources, which in January steppe= d=20 in to buy power on behalf of cash-strapped utilities, isn't bidding at some= =20 auctions because it believes it can provide cheaper power if it doesn't.=20 "We have an inefficient market and an inept government entity. It's sort of= =20 the worst of both worlds," Florio said, criticizing his agency and the DWR.= =20 ISO staffers decline to discuss the situation in detail, saying it involves= =20 confidential bidding behavior.=20 But Pete Garris, chief of operations for the power-buying arm of the=20 Department of Water Resources, confirmed that the ISO has been asking his= =20 agency to take part in more auctions, but the state has declined.=20 The state's role is to buy electricity for customers of utilities whose=20 credit was no longer good enough to buy on their own, he said.=20 "We're not in it to do those kinds of marketing functions," he said. "It's= =20 not necessarily a good fit."=20 Some of the ISO auctions are used to lessen congestion on transmission line= s.=20 Others are used to stabilize the grid by slightly increasing or decreasing= =20 output when demand doesn't match forecasts.=20 Generally, the highest-cost power plants should be the ones cutting back, a= =20 process the industry calls "decking."=20 But since May, on ISO orders, Southern California Edison has repeatedly=20 throttled back on the Mohave Generating Station, which produces some of the= =20 cheapest power available to California today, costing as little as $10 to $= 20=20 a megawatt-hour.=20 Edison, which owns a majority share of Mohave, has cut its output by 5,660= =20 megawatt-hours between May and July, about one-half of 1 percent, at the=20 ISO's behest, according to data Edison provided to The Bee.=20 The ISO could probably have saved the state's consumers $370,000 at one pla= nt=20 if it had asked a higher-cost gas-burning plant to cut back instead of=20 Mohave, a coal-burning workhorse in Laughlin, Nev., Florio said.=20 The amount sounds like "small potatoes," but in some ways it is more alarmi= ng=20 than the $14 million the state lost recently by selling excess power for le= ss=20 than it paid, he said.=20 Industry experts agree that such below-cost sales are common in a business= =20 where power needs fluctuate dramatically based on the weather.=20 By contrast, "this is a dead weight loss. Higher costs are being incurred f= or=20 no good reason," Florio said.=20 "The question is, why is the ISO calling on Mohave and not (cheaper) gas=20 plants? The answer is, the gas plants aren't bidding ... probably because= =20 they're contracted with DWR," he said.=20 Four Corners, another low-cost coal plant partly owned by Edison, has also= =20 been throttled back at ISO request, Edison officials said.=20 In addition, so few bidders have shown up at ISO auctions to ease stress on= =20 transmission lines that the system has fallen into disarray, with the ISO= =20 instead ordering across-the-board power production cuts that are boosting= =20 costs, Florio said.=20 For its part, the ISO will say only that "we are making the most economical= =20 decisions we can based on the bids available," said spokeswoman Stephanie= =20 McCorkle.=20 DWR's Garris said the state and the ISO have been meeting repeatedly on=20 bidding and other coordination issues, and he hopes to have a=20 smoother-running system in place by next summer.=20   The Bee's Carrie Peyton can be reached at (916) 321-1086 or=20 cpeyton@sacbee.com <mailto:cpeyton@sacbee.com>.        Davis: FERC excluding $5 billion of owed refunds=20 By Jim Sanders Bee Capitol Bureau (Published July 31, 2001)=20 A ruling by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission last week could cost= =20 Californians $5 billion in energy refunds, according to Gov. Gray Davis, wh= o=20 filed a formal request Monday for a rehearing in the case.=20 Although the commission's order suggested that California is owed refunds= =20 because of exorbitant electricity prices during the recent energy crisis, t= he=20 order's fine print placed severe limits on such refunds, Davis said.=20 "FERC is up to its old tricks again," he said. "They talk about refunds for= =20 California. But in this case, talk really is cheap: The details of its late= st=20 order show it has no intention of making California whole."=20 Tamara Young-Allen, a FERC spokeswoman, declined comment Monday and said th= e=20 agency does not discuss pending cases.=20 California is seeking $8.9 billion in alleged overcharges for electricity= =20 purchased from May 2000 to June 19, when FERC imposed new rules to prevent= =20 price gouging.=20 On Wednesday, FERC ordered hearings to determine precisely how much money= =20 electricity generators would have to pay in refunds to California.=20 At the time, Davis applauded FERC's ruling, saying it validates California'= s=20 claim that "significant refunds are due" and that the agency's action "gets= =20 us closer to realizing that refund."=20 But after poring over details of the 40-page order, state officials said=20 Monday that it excludes from consideration more than half the amount sought= =20 by the state -- leaving $3.9 billion in dispute.=20 Attorney Barry Goode and Nancy McFadden, key members of Davis' energy team,= =20 said the FERC order would not allow refunds:=20 For about $2 billion in alleged overcharges stemming from electricity=20 purchased by Californians between May and October of last year.=20 For electricity bought by the state Department of Water Resources from=20 private companies this year. The state says it is owed about $3 billion fro= m=20 such purchases.=20 The FERC ruling means that only DWR's purchases through the state's=20 now-defunct Power Exchange or through the operator of a statewide electrici= ty=20 transmission grid will be considered for refunds, officials said.=20 Such limitations by the regulatory agency are impractical because the marke= t=20 was dysfunctional, leaving DWR with few options, when the state began buyin= g=20 electricity for debt-strapped private utilities in January, Goode said.=20 "Now FERC says Californians are not entitled to refunds even though they=20 determined the prices were excessively high," Davis said. "It's time for FE= RC=20 to decide who they are working for: the greedy out-of-state generators or t= he=20 people of California."=20 The motion filed Monday sets the stage for a possible lawsuit.=20 "We are calling on FERC to change its order," Davis said. "If it doesn't, w= e=20 will be in court."=20   The Bee's Jim Sanders can be reached at (916) 326-5538 or jsanders@sacbee.c= om=20 <mailto:jsanders@sacbee.com>.         Bill would streamline the path to local power: More cities, including Davis= ,=20 are taking a look at creating municipal utility districts.=20 By Ed Fletcher Bee Capitol Bureau (Published July 31, 2001)=20 With the future of California's investor-owned utilities clouded by the=20 state's energy crisis, more and more cities, including Davis, are looking t= o=20 control their own power destinies.=20 Cities, public-power advocates and state Sen. Nell Soto, D-Pomona, are=20 pushing a bill through the state Legislature that would make it easier to= =20 create municipal utility districts.=20 "My solution to the power crisis is to reassert our interests and declare o= ur=20 independence from out-of-state gougers and in-state irresponsible utility= =20 companies," said Soto, who is carrying the bill, SB 23xx.=20 The Senate approved the bill earlier this month. The Assembly is expected t= o=20 take it up when the Legislature reconvenes in mid-August. The state's three= =20 investor-owned utilities are fighting the proposal.=20 Davis and other cities look longingly at the Sacramento Municipal Utility= =20 District's success in sheltering ratepayers from the brunt of rate increase= s.=20 Given the cloudy financial future of Davis' power provider, Pacific Gas and= =20 Electric Co., public power supporters say it's easy to understand why citie= s=20 want local control. If run well, public power can be cheaper and more stabl= e=20 than that supplied by investor-owned utility companies, they say.=20 "You get to choose the type of energy you want. ... I can't think of a bad= =20 reason" to have public power, said Robert Milbrodt, a Davis resident active= =20 in the drive.=20 After Yolo County officials last year denied an effort to form a public pow= er=20 authority in Davis, the city is ready to take a fresh look. The city, which= =20 did not formally support last year's attempt, this week is expected to name= =20 members to a public power task force. It is also hiring a consultant to hel= p=20 evaluate the pros and cons of a Davis version of SMUD.=20 Soto's bill would create a path to public power that takes county local=20 agency formation commissions out of the process. Under the bill, if all the= =20 cities and counties affected by the proposed municipal utility district sig= n=20 on, the plan bypasses the local LAFCO, goes directly to the California Pubi= c=20 Utilities Commission for analysis and then to the voters of the affected=20 areas.=20 It was the Yolo County Local Agency Formation Commission that turned down t= he=20 Davis request a year ago, saying critical issues were unresolved. Davis=20 public power activists said their plan would have put the basic formation= =20 question before the voters, leaving the details to be worked out later.=20 Public power boosters said lobbying by PG&E doomed their plans.=20 SB 23xx also simplifies the approval process, allowing a simple majority of= =20 voters in the proposed district to create the new power district.=20 Seizing transformers, power lines and other utility company infrastructure= =20 through eminent domain would become much easier for agencies starting=20 municipal utility districts under the bill. A utility company would not be= =20 able to challenge the taking of property based on the merits, but could onl= y=20 fight over price.=20 The utility companies say the provision would take away a key protection=20 against abuse.=20 Surveys show Californians like the idea of local officials controlling thei= r=20 power, in part because they blame investor-owned utilities for the state's= =20 electricity mess.=20 Nearly two-thirds say local governments taking the place of investor-owned= =20 utilities would be a good thing, according to a poll released earlier this= =20 month by the Public Policy Institute of California.=20 There are those that warn, however, that pubic power is not without risk.= =20 "This bill does not address generation," said Dale Hunter, a PG&E lobbyist,= =20 and municipal utility districts that can't generate their own power will be= =20 "exposing ratepayers to the volatility of the (power purchasing) market."= =20 In Los Angeles, the Department of Water and Power has been highly successfu= l=20 because it has surplus power to sell, Hunter said. SMUD has only recently= =20 been forced to raise its rates largely because it generates some of its=20 power, Hunter said.=20 By creating a way around LAFCOs, shifting the Public Utilities Commission t= o=20 an advisory role and stripping the right of utility companies to fight in= =20 court, the bill would be removing important public safeguards, Hunter said.= =20   The Bee's Ed Fletcher can be reached at (916) 326-5548 or=20 efletcher@sacbee.com <mailto:efletcher@sacbee.com>.        SDG&E denies it deceived ratepayers about debt =20   \ objattph=20 Company calls gain on sales, debts 'separate transactions' By Craig D. Rose= =20 UNION-TRIBUNE STAFF WRITER  July 31, 2001  San Diego Gas & Electric yesterd= ay=20 denied allegations that it systematically lied about the debt it racked up= =20 during the power crisis, despite revelations that the company earned hundre= ds=20 of millions from some power sales.  SDG&E and its parent company, Sempra=20 Energy, acknowledged making profits from selling electricity but insisted= =20 those gains have no bearing on the $750 million debt the utility claims to = be=20 owed by customers for power purchases during the energy crisis.  "Those are= =20 completely separate transactions," said Ed Van Herik, a spokesman for SDG&E= .=20 The company's effort to seal a deal with the state to clear the $750 millio= n=20 debt has come under attack by the Utility Consumers' Action Network. The Sa= n=20 Diego-based consumer group says SDG&E's claimed debt is the result of=20 selective bookkeeping, bordering on fraud.  The bottom line, says UCAN, is= =20 that SDG&E engaged in deception and probably owes its customers money. =20 SDG&E, which claimed to have sold customers electricity without markups,=20 actually "was buying electricity at a low price and selling it at a higher= =20 price to us," said Shames. "SDG&E customers have been systematically lied t= o=20 over the past year about this balancing account."  UCAN says that SDG&E=20 earned an estimated $450 million from its power sales to the state, while= =20 publicly declaring that it was posting only losses from buying power.  Sham= es=20 said much of the information leading to UCAN's conclusion came from a=20 detailed analysis of documents made available in recent weeks.  The state= =20 Office of Ratepayer Advocates, meanwhile, yesterday said a new filing by=20 SDG&E that claims its power-sales profits belong to stockholders, not=20 consumers, is "specious" and "without merit."  Van Herik insisted the compa= ny=20 had not been misleading. The spokesman noted that the company earlier was= =20 required to buy electricity from the Power Exchange, a now-defunct=20 marketplace established by the state as part of its deregulation plan.  "Wh= at=20 we said is that we were buying electricity for our customers and passing=20 along the cost without markup," said Van Herik.  What SDG&E failed to=20 publicly announce was that it was simultaneously selling electricity to the= =20 Power Exchange for an apparently healthy profit.  Under certain contracts,= =20 SDG&E had locked in electricity at prices substantially below going rates= =20 during the ongoing power crisis. The company declined yesterday to reveal= =20 terms of the contracts. But UCAN estimates the contracts provided electrici= ty=20 to the utility at no more than 5 cents per kilowatt-hour.  SDG&E then sold= =20 that relatively cheap power to the Power Exchange for a higher price and=20 pocketed the profit, which it also declined to disclose.  As it profited fr= om=20 the power sales, SDG&E bought power at higher prices from the exchange and= =20 billed customers for what it paid.  Whenever SDG&E's costs to buy electrici= ty=20 exceeded what state regulators would allow the utility to charge customers,= =20 it recorded the amounts in balancing accounts. That account grew to $750=20 million.  But SDG&E never offset its losses from electricity purchases with= =20 its profit from sales.  Van Herik said the practice was appropriate because= =20 the lucrative contracts for cheap power were owned by the company's=20 shareholders, not its customers. The practice of keeping profits and losses= =20 entirely separate, he said, was endorsed by a California Public Utilities= =20 Commission audit.  But the first formal ruling on that matter came in June,= =20 when the full commission ruled that all profits from SDG&E's contractual=20 power deals belong to its customers.  SDG&E went to court to overturn the= =20 commission's ruling, but put the legal effort on hold shortly before Sempra= =20 reached a tentative agreement with the state to clear the $750 million debt= .=20 The proposal with the state would reverse the utilities commission ruling a= nd=20 award the company's shareholders ownership of the profits SDG&E made from= =20 selling power.  Van Herik said yesterday that the state made the concession= =20 because it recognized that SDG&E had a strong legal case.  But Shames says= =20 the state had a strong case and noted that the Office of Ratepayer Advocate= s=20 agreed. He is asking the utilities commission to reject the deal.  State Se= n.=20 Steve Peace, D-El Cajon, said he believes that consumer objections to the= =20 balancing account deal are aimed at getting ratepayers a better deal -- and= =20 that's something he supports.  "If Michael Shames can improve on the=20 balancing account deal I'm in full support as long as we don't lose any of= =20 the gains we've already gotten," he said.  A spokesman for Gov. Gray Davis= =20 did not return a telephone call seeking reaction to the UCAN allegations. = =20 Outside UCAN's office in Little Italy yesterday, a group of trade unionists= =20 demonstrated in support of SDG&E's position. Dave Moore, a business manager= =20 for the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local 465, said SDG= &E=20 has handled its power purchases in accordance with utilities commission=20 rulings.  But Shames said the company sought to shield its actions from the= =20 scrutiny of consumer groups and the public.  "They consistently said they= =20 were not making money from this," said the consumer advocate. "For them to= =20 split hairs and say, 'We didn't make money from purchases, we made it from= =20 sales,' is disingenuous."  Staff writer Bill Ainsworth contributed to this= =20 report.=20        Sempra set to unveil plans for new plant, business park =20   \ objattph=20 By Jonathan Heller  UNION-TRIBUNE STAFF WRITER  July 31, 2001  ESCONDIDO --= =20 City officials are expecting to get their first look today at long-awaited= =20 plans to build the largest power plant in North County since the Encina pla= nt=20 came on line more than 30 years ago.  Sempra Energy Resources will file a= =20 200-page application with the city Planning Department for a 550-megawatt,= =20 natural gas-fired power plant and roughly 100-acre business park in southwe= st=20 Escondido, Sempra spokesman Tom Murnane said.  "It (the application) is ver= y=20 detailed," Murnane said. "We have not done an application of this sort=20 before. This is the first time Sempra Energy Resources has been involved in= =20 the development of a business park."  Sempra is building the project in=20 partnership with JRM Real Estate, a Carlsbad-based developer.  The Californ= ia=20 Energy Commission will have final say on the power plant, which could take= =20 three to four years to get on line. The City Council will decide on the=20 industrial park.  City officials have awaited Sempra's bid ever since the= =20 idea was broached in January. The project addresses two needs: The power=20 plant would provide enough energy to power almost a half-million homes, and= =20 the business park would bring higher-paying jobs to a city with the lowest= =20 median income in North County.  "I'm awaiting with great anticipation to se= e=20 what they have planned," said City Councilwoman June Rady. "I have met with= =20 Sempra officials several times in the past and what they have shared with m= e=20 I've been very excited about."  Sempra has promised that its proposed plant= =20 would have lower emission levels than any plant now in the state. The compa= ny=20 also has said the plant would not have a tall smokestack, or a visible vapo= r=20 plume such as the one produced by the city's Iceoplex generating plant.  Th= e=20 plant and park are slated for Quail Hills, the last large parcel of vacant= =20 industrial land in the city. Several previous plans by other developers hav= e=20 failed after they discovered the high costs involved with building on the= =20 hilly terrain.  Neighbors near the area have voiced concerns about noise,= =20 traffic and dust associated with rock crushing, which would be needed to=20 create level foundations for the project.       Davis press secretary confirms buying energy company stock =20   \ objattph=20 ASSOCIATED PRESS  July 31, 2001  SACRAMENTO =01) Gov. Gray Davis' press=20 secretary recently purchased the same energy stock as five consultants the= =20 governor fired last week, he disclosed Monday.  Steve Maviglio confirmed th= at=20 on June 20, he bought 300 shares of stock in Calpine Corp., a San Jose-base= d=20 power generator that has received about $13 billion in state contracts to= =20 supply electricity for up to 20 years.  Maviglio's disclosure comes after= =20 Davis' office hastily ended the contracts of five consultants who helped=20 negotiate state power contracts and held stock in energy companies.  In a= =20 related development, an anonymous source told the Los Angeles Times on Mond= ay=20 that the Securities and Exchange Commission has launched a preliminary=20 inquiry into whether the consultants used inside information to trade the= =20 energy stocks.  About two dozen Davis energy consultants were required to= =20 fill out financial disclosure statements after complaints of conflict of=20 interest by Republicans and consumer groups.  "When we reviewed them, we=20 found possible violations of the law and took swift action," Maviglio said= =20 Monday before Secretary of State Bill Jones issued a press release calling= =20 for his termination.  Jones, a Republican, is a candidate for the GOP=20 nomination to challenge Davis in November 2002.  Maviglio defended his=20 purchase, saying that he "owns several stocks in companies in all fields th= at=20 are growing and are based in California."  Maviglio said Monday that he=20 requested on May 31 to purchase the stock if it dipped to $40 a share, whic= h=20 it did two days after a June 18 ruling by federal energy regulators=20 restricting wholesale electricity prices in California and 10 other states.= =20 Maviglio served as Davis' chief spokesman urging the Federal Energy=20 Regulatory Commission to impose price ceilings on electricity wholesalers. = =20 He also said he owns between $10,000 and $100,000 stock in Houston-based=20 Enron Corp. He said he purchased the stock in 1997 and has reported it on= =20 financial disclosure forms. He said that it is "closer to $10,000." =20 Meanwhile, two energy consultants to Davis have agreed to forgo more than= =20 $50,000 in work they did for the state.  Chris Lehane and Mark Fabiani will= =20 forgo the payments as part of a settlement with a Sacramento-area resident= =20 who filed a lawsuit objecting to their hiring, calling it a conflict of=20 interest.  Fabiani could not be reached for comment Monday. In the=20 settlement, they admitted no wrongdoing.  Lehane issued a statement through= =20 the governor's office, calling it "simply not worth the bother to challenge= =20 the controller in court."  Davis has come under fire for his May hiring of= =20 Lehane, former press secretary for Vice President Al Gore, and Fabiani, a= =20 deputy campaign manager for Gore's presidential run.  They were hired to he= lp=20 shape Davis' response to the energy crisis, and helped craft Davis'=20 aggressive attack on Texas-based energy companies and President Bush.  Both= =20 also have advised Southern California Edison, which is negotiating for stat= e=20 help in avoiding bankruptcy. Financial disclosure forms showed they have ea= ch=20 received at least $10,000 from Edison in the past year.  Davis announced at= =20 the end of June that Fabiani terminated his contract, and Davis scaled back= =20 Lehane's role with the state.  State Controller Kathleen Connell then said= =20 she would not pay Lehane and Fabiani for any of their work and now the two= =20 have agreed they will not fight her decision, Maviglio said.  Lewis K. Uhle= r,=20 the Placer County man who filed the lawsuit, said the settlement=20 "accomplished our objectives."  "We wanted to block the egregious use of=20 taxpayer funds for essentially political spinmeisters," he said. Uhler is= =20 president of the Roseville-based National Tax Limitation Committee.  Mavigl= io=20 said that Fabiani and Lehane "did good work for the state" and helped the= =20 state win victories with federal regulators.=20       THE STATE Davis' Energy Advisors Draw SEC Attention Probe: Under review is the possible use of inside information to buy power= =20 company stocks. GOP rival of governor requested the inquiry. By WALTER HAMILTON JEFFERY L. RABIN and DARYL KELLEY TIMES STAFF WRITERS  July 31 2001  The Securities and Exchange Commission has launched a preliminary inquiry= =20 into whether energy consultants advising Gov. Gray Davis used inside=20 information to trade stocks of power companies doing business with the stat= e,=20 a source with knowledge of the matter said Monday.  The federal agency began its review late last week, the source said, in=20 response to a request from California Secretary of State Bill Jones. A=20 Republican rival of Davis, Jones charged that stock trading by consultants= =20 may have violated federal laws barring buying and selling based on=20 information not available to the public.  On Friday, top aides to the governor disclosed that five consultants had be= en=20 fired for possible conflicts of interest between their official positions a= nd=20 their personal finances. As news of the SEC inquiry spread through the=20 capital Monday, Davis officials were confronted by a flurry of questions=20 about who in the administration owns energy stocks.  Financial disclosure records filed by the governor's spokesman, Steve=20 Maviglio, show that he owns between $10,000 and $100,000 in a Texas company= =20 he and his boss have accused of making "obscene" profits while California h= as=20 been "on its knees." Maviglio said he bought the shares in Houston-based=20 Enron Corp. in 1996.  "It's not a crime to own energy stock," Maviglio said.  He also owns 300 shares of San Jose-based Calpine Corp., which has the=20 largest share of the $43 billion in long-term state power contracts.  Maviglio placed the order for the stock on May 31, one day after San Jose's= =20 mayor dropped his opposition to a controversial Calpine plant favored by th= e=20 governor and others. Under the terms of Maviglio's purchase, the transactio= n=20 was completed about three weeks later when the stock reached $40 a share, a= =20 value of $12,000. It has since fallen in value.  "I viewed it as a good long-term investment," Maviglio said, adding that he= =20 purchased the shares for his retirement account based on publicly available= =20 information.  The Davis administration has spared Calpine the kind of fierce criticisms= =20 that it has leveled at other electricity suppliers, such as Enron. But=20 California's grid operator has identified the company as one of many energy= =20 merchants to overcharge the state millions of dollars.  The fired consultants also owned shares in Calpine, ranging in value from= =20 several thousand dollars to more than $100,000, records show.  Another top Davis administration official, legal affairs secretary Barry=20 Goode, disclosed in his economic interest statement that he recently held= =20 between $100,000 and $1 million in another out-of-state company accused of= =20 multimillion-dollar price gouging.  In a statement, Goode said he sold his stock in Williams Co's. a month afte= r=20 he began working for the governor in February. Goode said the shares were= =20 supposed to be sold before he went on the state payroll, but his broker=20 failed to do so.  In light of the recent disclosures, Secretary of State Jones said the=20 governor must do more to ensure the public that its interest comes first.  "The governor should direct all of his staff to immediately file updated=20 conflict of interest statements that reflect current holdings and any=20 activity since their last statement of economic interest was filed," said= =20 Jones, who is seeking the GOP nomination for governor.  Word of the SEC's entry into California's energy problems comes as the=20 governor faces harsh criticism from lawmakers and others for the quick and= =20 broad hiring of highly paid private consultants to guide him through the=20 crisis.  In his written request to the SEC, Jones said that recently filed disclosur= e=20 documents showed that at least one consultant bought and sold shares of two= =20 energy companies within the same month, raising "a red flag" about the=20 possibility of insider trading.  State law prohibits officials from participating in decisions involving the= ir=20 personal financial interests.  The five consultants fired last week were among 11 named in Jones' letter,= =20 delivered to the San Francisco office of the SEC last Wednesday. It was not= =20 clear which individuals are the focus of the SEC's inquiry, or whether the= =20 agency's review would result in any charges.  Two of the former traders said Monday that they had not been contacted by= =20 federal investigators and knew nothing of an inquiry into possible insider= =20 trading.  But William Mead, fired Thursday, said it is no mystery why so many of his= =20 colleagues owned Calpine stock.  Mead said he bought it 2 1/2 years ago and made so much money he recommende= d=20 it to his colleagues last year, while they all still worked for the=20 now-defunct California Power Exchange in Alhambra. Calpine power was not=20 traded on that exchange, so there was no conflict of interest, he said.  Mead and three other energy traders--hired by the state in February and=20 March--were terminated by the Davis administration for allegedly buying pow= er=20 for the state from Calpine while owning the company's stock. Fired traders= =20 Herman Leung, Peggy Cheng and Constantine Louie did not list the date of=20 their Calpine purchases on financial statements that the state required to = be=20 filed only two weeks ago.  "But I'm sure they bought it while they were still at the power exchange,= =20 because that's when we discussed it," Mead said. "It was kind of like a=20 hobby. I'm sure it wasn't done with the intent to manipulate."  Former trader Elaine Griffin, who also owned Calpine stock and resigned two= =20 weeks ago to take another job, said she didn't know she owned energy=20 securities until she checked with her financial advisor July 13, just befor= e=20 leaving her state job.  Griffin said she and her husband own about $10,000 worth of Calpine stock i= n=20 individual retirement accounts managed by their advisor, who bought the sto= ck=20 Feb. 1 without their knowledge, she said, after research found it to be a= =20 good investment.  "I kind of feel like we've been used for political reasons," Griffin said.= =20 "We would have disclosed anything right at first, but they never asked."  As a trader, Griffin said she occasionally bought Calpine power for the=20 state, but only at market prices.  Meanwhile, two Democratic political consultants, who helped Davis polish hi= s=20 image after the ongoing energy crisis caused his poll numbers to plummet,= =20 have agreed to accept no payment for their work as part of an out-of-court= =20 settlement of a taxpayer lawsuit.  Tom Hiltachk, a lawyer for conservative anti-tax activist Lewis Uhler, said= =20 the settlement was reached last Friday after negotiations with lawyers for= =20 communications consultants Mark Fabiani and Chris Lehane.  "Now they will not receive one red cent," said Hiltachk. "Very simply Mr.= =20 Fabiani and Mr. Lehane have agreed to cease all activities for the governor= ,=20 to accept no payments for their services and to basically get out of the=20 consulting business with the governor."  As his part of the agreement, Hiltachk said, Uhler withdrew his lawsuit=20 Monday morning.  Uhler had filed a lawsuit against the two consultants and Controller Kathle= en=20 Connell in June contending that they should not receive any payments becaus= e=20 of a conflict of interest. The two men also did consulting work for=20 financially troubled Southern California Edison, which was seeking help fro= m=20 Davis and the Legislature.  Connell, a former Los Angeles mayoral candidate who has been at odds with= =20 Davis since he endorsed an opponent, had held up the payments pending the= =20 outcome of the lawsuit.  Under an agreement with Davis, the men were to have been paid $30,000 a mon= th=20 for six months.  Fabiani and Lehane could not be reached for comment.  *  Times staff writers Nancy Vogel and Virginia Ellis in Sacramento and Robert= =20 J. Lopez in Los Angeles contributed to this story.=20 Copyright 2001, Los Angeles Times <http://www.latimes.com>=20        California governor's press secretary confirms buying energy company stock= =20 ALEXA HAUSSLER, Associated Press Writer Tuesday, July 31, 2001=20 ,2001 Associated Press=20 URL: < http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=3D/news/archive/2001/07/31/n= ation al1023EDT0543.DTL> (07-31) 07:23 PDT SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) --=20 Gov. Gray Davis' press secretary says he owns stock in the same energy=20 company as five state consultants who were fired because of possible confli= ct=20 of interest.=20 Steve Maviglio confirmed Monday that on June 20 he bought 300 shares of sto= ck=20 in Calpine Corp., a San Jose-based power generator that has received about= =20 $13 billion in state contracts to supply electricity for up to 20 years.=20 Secretary of State Bill Jones called for Maviglio's termination. Jones is a= =20 candidate for the GOP nomination to challenge Davis in November 2002.=20 The five energy consultants were fired last week because they owned shares = in=20 Calpine and also had helped the state buy electricity from the company. "We= =20 did not want them making governmental decisions and holding these stocks,"= =20 said Barry Goode, the governor's legal affairs secretary.=20 An anonymous source told the Los Angeles Times on Monday that the Securitie= s=20 and Exchange Commission has launched a preliminary inquiry into whether the= =20 consultants used inside information to trade energy stocks.=20 Maviglio defended his investment, saying that he "owns several stocks in=20 companies in all fields that are growing and are based in California."=20 He said he had arranged to buy Calpine stock if it dipped to $40 a share,= =20 which it did two days after a June 18 ruling by federal energy regulators= =20 restricting wholesale electricity prices in California and 10 other states.= =20 Calpine stock closed Monday at $37.13.=20 Maviglio had served as Davis' chief spokesman urging the Federal Energy=20 Regulatory Commission to impose price ceilings on electricity wholesalers.= =20 He also said he owns stock worth $10,000 to $100,000 in Houston-based Enron= =20 Corp., the nation's largest power wholesaler. He said he bought the stock i= n=20 1997 and has reported it on financial disclosure forms. He said his holding= =20 is "closer to $10,000."=20 ,2001 Associated Press=20        PG&E's $500,000,000 second-quarter surprise=20 Verne Kopytoff, Chronicle Staff Writer <mailto:vkopytoff@sfchronicle.com> Tuesday, July 31, 2001=20 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle </chronicle/info/copyright>=20 URL: < http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=3D/chronicle/archive/2001/07= /31/B U213760.DTL> PG&E Corp. said yesterday that it will earn $500 million to $600 million mo= re=20 than anticipated in the second quarter because its bankrupt utility was abl= e=20 to buy cheaper electricity in March as wholesale prices dropped.=20 As a consequence, PG&E reduced the amount of money it says the utility,=20 Pacific Gas and Electric Co., lost during California's energy crisis from= =20 $5.2 billion to between $4.6 billion and $4.7 billion.=20 "Its a good thing for PG&E," said Paul Fremont, an energy industry analyst= =20 with Jefferies & Co., an investment bank in New York. "But it clearly does= =20 not get them to the level where they are able to emerge from bankruptcy and= =20 make all of their creditors whole."=20 The disclosure by PG&E Corp. yesterday adds a modest boost to its quarterly= =20 earnings report, set for tomorrow morning. The company is expected to repor= t=20 an operating profit of 71 cents per share, according to analysts polled by= =20 Thomson Financial/First Call, an investment research firm.=20 PG&E Corp. is the owner of Pacific Gas & Electric Co., which filed for=20 Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in April after electricity prices soared= =20 this year. The utility had previously estimated that it lost $1.1 billion i= n=20 the first quarter and $4.1 billion in the fourth because it was prohibited = by=20 the state Public Utilities Commission from passing higher costs on to=20 consumers.=20 PG&E Corp. also includes a energy producing unit, which generally makes=20 money, and a venture capital arm. Neither of those divisions is affected by= =20 the utility's bankruptcy.=20 The utility said it got a small break in March as the price it was paying t= o=20 the California Independent System Operator for energy declined sharply. The= =20 unanticipated drop was attributed to declining demand because of energy=20 conservation, low tempera-=20 tures and the opening of new power plants in the state.=20 The utility also benefited from the cancellation of power contracts by=20 companies that did not want to do business with a bankrupt partner. Those= =20 contracts were for selling power at below cost.=20 What is the utility's gain, though, may be a negative for PG&E's power-=20 producing division. The lower prices could mean the energy-producing group= =20 will make less money from its sales, analysts said.=20 E-mail Verne Kopytoff at vkopytoff@sfchronicle.com=20 <mailto:vkopytoff@sfchronicle.com>.=20 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle </chronicle/info/copyright> Page E - 1=20        Power and 'juice'=20 <mailto:chronfeedback@sfchronicle.com> Tuesday, July 31, 2001=20 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle </chronicle/info/copyright>=20 URL: < http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=3D/chronicle/archive/2001/07= /31/E D133454.DTL> GOV. GRAY DAVIS seems to have an ethical blind spot when it comes to the=20 hiring of outsiders to help manage California's energy crisis.=20 Throughout the crisis, Davis has been intolerably slow in responding to=20 questions about whether certain members of his inner circle -- drawing big= =20 checks off the public payroll -- might have possible financial conflicts.= =20 As of yesterday, the governor's office still has not required 16 contractor= s=20 to file public disclosure documents that would reveal whether they have any= =20 financial stake in companies affected by policies they help develop.=20 Steve Maviglio, the governor's press secretary, said 42 energy "consultants= "=20 have filed their economic disclosure statements. But he said the other 16= =20 were "contractors" -- without actual decisionmaking authority -- and were= =20 thus not required to fill out the forms.=20 Maviglio's "contractor versus consultant" distinctions are technical and=20 semantic. His spin simply doesn't wash.=20 The bottom line is that "contractors" who are making big decisions involvin= g=20 big dollars for the state are not playing by the same rules as others in th= e=20 public trust.=20 For example, Davis has exempted two Wall Street executives, Joseph Fichera= =20 and Michael Hoffman, who are putting together a rescue plan that involves a= =20 $12.5 billion bond issue. They are getting $275,000 a month for their advic= e.=20 Yet they have not been required to fill out disclosure forms, which would= =20 allow the governor -- and any other Californian -- to assess whether a=20 potential conflict exists.=20 "They told us they don't have any conflicts," said Maviglio, who,=20 incidentally, confirmed yesterday that in June he bought $12,000 worth of= =20 stock in the Calpine Corp., the generating company with the largest chunk o= f=20 state power contracts. On July 2, Davis publicly praised Calpine as "the mo= st=20 responsible of the generators."=20 Davis should have finally learned his lesson last week after having to fire= =20 five consultants -- all involved in energy trading -- when their belatedly= =20 filed disclosure forms showed serious potential conflicts. A sixth consulta= nt=20 quit. Four of those traders owned Calpine shares.=20 A week earlier, the Davis administration was forced to order a group of=20 consultants to hastily unload their power-company holdings or lose their=20 contracts.=20 The governor's office also has been stung by revelations that political=20 consultants Chris Lehane and Mark Fabiani, hired at $30,000 a month to=20 develop energy-related "communications strategies," also had a contract wit= h=20 Southern California Edison.=20 Moreover, some of the disclosure forms that have been filed to date have be= en=20 less than complete, especially regarding the timing of the buying and selli= ng=20 of energy stocks.=20 How many scandals will it take for Davis to insist on full disclosure -- an= d=20 the highest ethical standards -- of everyone who is working for him on the= =20 energy crisis?=20 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle </chronicle/info/copyright> Page A - 16=20        S.F. to vote on electric power to the people=20 Measures would start public utility districts=20 Rachel Gordon, Chronicle Staff Writer <mailto:rgordon@sfchronicle.com> Tuesday, July 31, 2001=20 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle </chronicle/info/copyright>=20 URL: < http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=3D/chronicle/archive/2001/07= /31/M NW145417.DTL> San Francisco -- After decades of trying to persuade San Francisco to take= =20 control of its electrical system, advocates of public power now have the=20 issue before city voters.=20 "The timing couldn't be better," said consumer advocate Medea Benjamin, co-= =20 director of San Francisco's Global Exchange.=20 "It's not just the threat of blackouts or the highest rate hikes in history= .=20 It's the fact that PG&E is in bankruptcy. It's the depletion of the state= =20 budget," she said. "This is a hell of an opportunity."=20 The opportunity she is talking about centers on two November ballot measure= s=20 that would pave the way for creating a public power system and taking Pacif= ic=20 Gas and Electric Co. out of the city's electricity market.=20 Under the proposed measures, an elected board of directors would set the=20 rates and have control over everything from the terms for buying electricit= y=20 to whether to use more renewable energy sources, such as wind, hydroelectri= c=20 and solar power.=20 Public power would base policies "on a more localized basis, where the valu= es=20 of an individual community can be put into practice," said Ed Smeloff, a=20 longtime public power advocate who was recently hired as an assistant gener= al=20 manager at the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission.=20 One proposal, an initiative placed on the ballot by residents, calls for=20 setting up a municipal utility district in San Francisco and neighboring=20 Brisbane. The district would be governed by an elected board of directors.= =20 The other measure, placed on the ballot last week by the Board of=20 Supervisors, would create a municipal water and power agency and would affe= ct=20 only San Francisco.=20 PG&E has mounted a campaign to defeat the measures, so far pumping more tha= n=20 $200,000 into the effort.=20 "We think the (ballot proposals) are a bad idea," said Frank Gallagher,=20 spokesman for the Coalition for Affordable Public Services, the PG&E-financ= ed=20 group fighting the measures. "They're confusing and do nothing to address t= he=20 problem."=20 The company has a history of opposing public power proposals, derailing a= =20 plan in Davis in the 1990s and using a legal challenge to stall the start o= f=20 Sacramento's Municipal Utility District for two decades.=20 For years, private utilities have enjoyed a powerful hold on state and loca= l=20 politicians. But the energy crisis has caused widespread public anger and= =20 concern, forcing city and state officials to take another look at public=20 power.=20 A poll conducted this month by the Public Policy Institute of California, a= =20 nonpartisan think tank in San Francisco, found that nearly two-thirds of=20 Californians support the replacement of private electric companies with=20 municipal power authorities formed by local governments.=20 San Francisco already owns a power system, Hetch Hetchy, which provides pow= er=20 for city departments. PG&E provides power to residents and businesses.=20 The San Francisco Charter amendment placed on the ballot by the supervisors= =20 calls for abolishing the city's existing Public Utilities Commission, which= =20 is run by commissioners and a director appointed by the mayor. The proposed= =20 public power board would have seven elected directors, but the agency still= =20 would retain some ties to City Hall.=20 The supervisors' plan is intended to be used as a backup to the municipal= =20 utility district -- commonly known as a MUD -- which is considered to be mo= re=20 vulnerable to the expected legal challenges from PG&E.=20 "It's a great marriage, and will ensure that we get public power in San=20 Francisco," said Board of Supervisors President Tom Ammiano, chief sponsor = of=20 the board's measure.=20 San Francisco is not alone in looking at public power. San Diego, the first= =20 city to feel the hard pinch of the energy crisis, wants to establish a=20 regional public power system in an attempt to pool resources and bring down= =20 energy costs.=20 The East Bay Municipal Utility District, which provides water and sewer=20 service, is considering expanding its reach to power. In the Bay Area, the= =20 cities of Alameda and Palo Alto already have public power. The two largest= =20 public power agencies in the state serve Los Angeles and Sacramento.=20 In San Francisco, the pro-public power forces are going to tout the promise= d=20 virtues of turning the electric utility over to a public authority that by= =20 law cannot turn a profit. That, they contend, means lower rates.=20 "It's an expectation, but it's also tried and true," said Ross Mirkarimi,= =20 campaign director of MUD Now, the group sponsoring the ballot initiative.= =20 On average, consumers pay 18 percent less for power from public utilities, = he=20 said.=20 Gallagher, spokesman for the opposition campaign, said ratepayers shouldn't= =20 assume that public power means lower energy bills. "There's no way the rate= s=20 are going down," he said.=20 He blamed the energy crisis not on deregulation but on a shortage of=20 electricity, which jacked up prices and undercut reliability.=20 "The measures do nothing about supply," Gallagher said. "All this will do i= s=20 cost people money. You can't just take PG&E's assets. You have to pay for= =20 them."=20 E-mail Rachel Gordon at rgordon@sfchronicle.com=20 <mailto:rgordon@sfchronicle.com>.=20 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle </chronicle/info/copyright> Page A - 11=20       Davis' advisers probed by SEC=20 Published Tuesday, July 31, 2001, in the San Jose Mercury News=20 BY WALTER HAMILTON, JEFFERY L. RABIN AND DARYL KELLEY=20  Los Angeles Times=20   The Securities and Exchange Commission has launched a preliminary inquiry= =20 into whether energy consultants advising California Gov. Gray Davis used=20 inside information to trade stocks of power companies doing business with t= he=20 state, a source with knowledge of the matter said Monday.=20 The federal agency began its review late last week, the source said, in=20 response to a request from California Secretary of State Bill Jones, who is= =20 seeking the GOP nomination for governor. Jones charged that stock trading b= y=20 consultants may have violated federal laws barring buying and selling based= =20 on information not available to the public.=20 On Friday, top aides to the governor disclosed that five consultants had be= en=20 fired for possible conflicts of interest between their official positions a= nd=20 their personal finances.=20 In addition, financial disclosure records filed by the governor's spokesman= ,=20 Steve Maviglio, show that he owns between $10,000 and $100,000 in a Texas= =20 company he and his boss have accused of making ``obscene'' profits while=20 California has been ``on its knees.'' Maviglio said he bought the shares in= =20 Houston-based Enron Corp. in 1996.=20 ``It's not a crime to own energy stock,'' Maviglio said.=20 Calpine purchase=20 He also owns 300 shares of San Jose-based Calpine Corp., which has the=20 largest share of the $43 billion in long-term state power contracts.=20 Maviglio placed an order for the stock with an electronic broker May 31, on= e=20 day after San Jose Mayor Ron Gonzales dropped his opposition to a=20 controversial Calpine plant under pressure from the governor and others.=20 Under the terms of Maviglio's instructions, the stock was automatically=20 purchased on his behalf when Calpine fell to $40 a share, according Hilary= =20 McLean, a spokeswoman for the governor. It has since fallen in value.=20 ``I viewed it as a good long-term investment,'' Maviglio said, adding that = he=20 purchased the shares for his retirement account based on publicly available= =20 information.=20 The Davis administration has spared Calpine the kind of fierce criticisms i= t=20 has leveled at other electricity suppliers, such as Enron. But California's= =20 grid operator has identified the company as one of many energy merchants to= =20 overcharge the state millions of dollars.=20 The fired consultants also owned shares in Calpine, ranging in value from= =20 several thousand dollars to more than $100,000, records show.=20 Another top Davis administration official, legal affairs secretary Barry=20 Goode, disclosed in his economic interest statement that he recently held= =20 between $100,000 and $1 million in another out-of-state company accused of= =20 multimillion-dollar price gouging.=20 In a statement, Goode said he sold his stock in Williams Co's. a month afte= r=20 he began working for the governor in February. Goode said the shares were= =20 supposed to be sold before he went on the state payroll but his broker fail= ed=20 to do so.=20 In light of the recent disclosures, the secretary of state said the governo= r=20 must do more to assure the public that its interest comes first.=20 ``The governor should direct all of his staff to immediately file updated= =20 conflict of interest statements that reflect current holdings and any=20 activity since their last statement of economic interest was filed,'' Jones= =20 said.=20 Word of the SEC's entry into California's energy problems comes as the=20 governor faces harsh criticism from lawmakers and others for the quick and= =20 broad hiring of highly paid private consultants to guide him through the=20 crisis.=20 In his written request to the SEC, Jones said that recently filed disclosur= e=20 documents showed that at least one consultant bought and sold shares of two= =20 energy companies within the same month, raising ``a red flag'' about the=20 possibility of insider trading.=20 State law prohibits officials from participating in decisions involving the= ir=20 personal financial interests.=20 The five consultants fired last week were among 11 named in Jones' letter,= =20 delivered to the San Francisco office of the SEC last Wednesday. It was not= =20 clear which individuals are the focus of the SEC's inquiry, or whether the= =20 agency's review would result in any charges.=20 Two of the former traders said Monday that they had not been contacted by= =20 federal investigators and knew nothing of an inquiry into possible insider= =20 trading.=20 But William Mead, fired Thursday, said it's no mystery why so many of his= =20 colleagues owned Calpine stock.=20 Mead said he bought it 2 1/2 years ago and made so much money he recommende= d=20 it to his colleagues last year, while they all still worked for the=20 now-defunct California Power Exchange in Alhambra. Calpine was not traded o= n=20 that exchange, so there was no conflict of interest, he said.=20 Traders fired=20 Mead and three other energy traders -- hired by the state in February and= =20 March -- were terminated by the Davis administration for allegedly buying= =20 power from Calpine while owning the company's stock. Fired traders Herman= =20 Leung, Peggy Cheng and Constantine Louie did not list the date of their=20 Calpine purchases on financial statements that the state required to be fil= ed=20 only two weeks ago.=20 ``But I'm sure they bought it while they were still at the power exchange,= =20 because that's when we discussed it,'' Mead said. ``It was kind of like a= =20 hobby. I'm sure it wasn't done with the intent to manipulate.''   Mercury News Staff Writer Noam Levey contributed to this report.=20        Ethics issue in stock buy?=20 A top Davis aide bought shares in a power company dealing with the state.= =20 July 31, 2001=20 By JOHN HOWARD The Orange County Register=20 SACRAMENTO A top aide to Gov. Gray Davis bought stock in a power company th= at=20 received a long-term contract with the state, the latest in a series of=20 energy investments that have cast an ethical cloud over the state's=20 electricity purchases.=20 Steven Maviglio, Davis' press secretary and acting communications director,= =20 ordered through his broker 300 shares of San Jose-based Calpine Corp. stock= =20 May 31, to take effect when it dropped to $40 per share. It dropped below= =20 that June 20 and Maviglio purchased $12,000 worth, he said.=20 Two days earlier, federal regulators had placed a cap on what Calpine and= =20 other energy producers could charge for energy -- a cap Maviglio had touted= =20 on behalf of Davis.=20 Monday's disclosure of Maviglio's transaction comes just days after Davis= =20 fired five consultants who were purchasing energy for the state from a=20 company whose stock they owned. At the time, Maviglio said it "appeared to = us=20 there was a possible violation of the law, or very close to it."=20 He said his own situation was different, "because they (the five) were=20 committing state resources and timing their purchases." The disclosure of h= is=20 transaction, he said, was "clearly a political smear by a desperate=20 candidate," referring to Secretary of State Bill Jones, a Republican=20 gubernatorial hopeful and rival of Davis.=20 Jones said Maviglio "should be fired immediately" and that Davis should ord= er=20 all of his staff to immediately file updated conflict-of-interest statement= s=20 to reflect current holdings.=20 Maviglio said he would sell the Calpine stock - which closed at $37.13 a=20 share Monday - if requested by Davis' legal staff. He said he spoke with=20 those lawyers Monday and they had not made that request, nor had he been=20 asked to resign.=20 A Davis aide, Hilary McLean, said, "Absolutely, the governor has confidence= =20 in Steve."        Aide denies stock deal was improper=20 Maviglio says the June 20 purchase, submitted online, was in the hands of= =20 others.=20 July 31, 2001=20 By JOHN HOWARD The Orange County Register=20 SACRAMENTO The governor's chief spokesman denies he committed any improprie= ty=20 by buying Calpine Corp. stock June 20, saying the purchase was actually in= =20 the hands of others.=20 Steven Maviglio said he submitted on May 31 a purchase order through his=20 online brokerage to buy 300 shares of Calpine, a San Jose-based power=20 generator that has a long-term energy contract with the state.=20 "It could have happened an hour after later (after the purchase order), a= =20 month later or five years later," he said. "Or never."=20 But Sherry Bebitch Jeffe, a political scientist at Clare mont Graduate=20 University, questioned the wisdom of Maviglio's stock transaction.=20 "What I find puzzling is that he moved to change the dynamic of his stock i= n=20 the middle of this energy problem, in the middle of the governor's attacks= =20 and the governor's negotiations," she said. "There ought to have been an=20 understanding that even if not illegal, there should have been a perception= =20 that he shouldn't be involved in playing with stocks."=20 The disclosure of the transaction couldn't have come at a worse time for th= e=20 administration, or Maviglio: On Friday, five state energy consultants with= =20 stock-firm stock were summarily fired and a state lawyer was reassigned to= =20 another job. Another consultant with similar investments quit July 14 to ta= ke=20 a private job.=20 All were involved in the energy-purchasing program that was launched under = an=20 emergency order Jan. 17, in which the state began buying power on behalf of= =20 the strapped utilities, which did not credit to purchase power on their own= .=20 Dozens of people were directly involved in the energy purchases.=20 Earlier in the day Monday, in a separate issue, the governor's office=20 disclosed that two key consultants who had been hired to help Davis with hi= s=20 public relations had decided to forgo $50,000 in contract fees as part of a= =20 legal settlement with Davis' critics.=20 The two consultants, Chris Lehane and Mark Fabiani, both veterans of the=20 Clinton-Gore White House and political campaigns, had been hired in May und= er=20 a $30,000-a month state contract.=20 Republicans complained that Davis was using state money to finance politica= l=20 operatives. Fabiani left the payroll earlier under pressure; Lehane left th= is=20 month.        Power firms amp up lobbying=20 Politics: Edison spends $5.5 million to gain support for bailout to prevent= =20 bankruptcy.=20 July 31, 2001=20 By KIMBERLY KINDY and HANH KIM QUACH The Orange County Register=20 SACRAMENTO Edison International has spent more than $5.5 million this year = to=20 enlist residents and stockholders to lobby the Legislature to bail out its= =20 subsidiary Southern California Edison and save it from bankruptcy, reports= =20 released Monday show.=20 The latest financial disclosure statements show that energy companies=20 continue to spend millions of dollars to influence the Legislature. Meals,= =20 campaign contributions and tickets to sporting events continue to flow to= =20 lawmakers and their staffs.=20 Overall, the amount spent on direct lobbying of the Legislature rose slight= ly=20 over last quarter, but gifts and contributions to candidates continued to= =20 fall. The deadline for statements is today, but many companies and candidat= es=20 filed early.=20 Edison's $5.5 million is so far the largest expenditure directed toward an= =20 orchestrated campaign to influence Capitol politicians. Spokesman Brian=20 Bennett said Edison spent the money on television commercials to reach all= =20 Californians and on a telephone appeal directly to stockholders.=20 "This was to educate the public about the dangers of bankruptcy to the=20 state's economy and to solicit their support in conveying a message to the= =20 Legislature that bankruptcy is not an option for the Edison company," Benne= tt=20 said.=20 The telephone work involved telling stockholders that the company's value= =20 would drop if lawmakers did not support a bill to save Edison. Then they=20 offered to directly connect the stockholders to lawmakers' offices, asking= =20 that they tell the lawmakers directly to support the bailout.=20 Consumer advocate Doug Heller said Edison's spending - which totaled $5.7= =20 million for the three-month reporting period and jumped from $318,802 from= =20 the prior quarter - is out of line.=20 "It's amazing that a company teetering on the edge of bankruptcy has millio= ns=20 of dollars to throw around to politicians and to create phony grass-roots= =20 campaigns to influence legislators," said Heller, of the Foundation for=20 Taxpayer and Consumer Rights.=20 Edison said no contributions were made directly to anyone running for offic= e=20 or re-election for this quarter.=20 In all, lawmakers sitting on energy committees and who had reported by Mond= ay=20 night accepted nearly $61,000 from energy-related companies.=20 As of late Monday, Assemblyman Dean Florez, D-Shafter, who sits on the=20 Assembly Energy Committee, had received the largest contribution from energ= y=20 companies this quarter, $21,000.=20 Seven of the largest power producers that sell electricity to the state spe= nt=20 a total of $546,488 on lobbying and other efforts to influence the=20 Legislature.=20 Topping the list was Calpine Corp., which spent $141,204. Duke Energy came = in=20 second at $99,735.44 - a $20,000 leap over the prior quarter. Most of Duke'= s=20 money was spent on consultants who worked overtime building a defense for t= he=20 company against accusations of price gouging made by former employees.=20 "Overall, our consultants spent more time setting the record straight again= st=20 some blatantly false and misleading statements, regarding our rates and pla= nt=20 operations, which the state's own documents proved were false," said Duke= =20 spokesman Pat Mullen. Some lawmakers and energy experts say the state=20 documents do not clear Duke of wrongdoing, and the accusations are still=20 being investigated by a Senate committee.       Gouger Gray Davis=20 California's petulant governor ignores reality as he overpays for electrici= ty  LANCE T. IZUMI Mr. Izumi is a senior fellow in California Studies at the Sa= n=20 Francisco- based Pacific Research Institute. On the surface, things seem to be going pretty good for Gov. Gray Davis wit= h=20 regard to California's electricity crisis. The governor has scored some nic= e=20 publicity by switching on some new power plants. The weather has been=20 unseasonably cool. His poll numbers are edging back up. Yet beneath this=20 optimistic picture lie troubling problems. For example, Davis's argument th= at=20 out-of-state power generators are responsible for the electricity crisis ha= s=20 been falling apart. For months, Davis has been claiming that private=20 generators have overcharged California by $8.9 billion and demanded that th= is=20 amount be refunded to the state. However, after a two-week mediation betwee= n=20 state officials and the generators, Curtis Wagner, the federal government's= =20 chief energy regulatory judge, rebuked Davis's claim saying that such a hug= e=20 overcharge "has not and cannot be substantiated." Further, while the=20 generators may be liable to refund a much smaller amount to the state,=20 perhaps $1 billion, Wagner said that generators are owed more money by the= =20 state than they owe the state in refunds: "Can a cash refund be required=20 where a much larger amount is due the seller? The chief judge thinks not."= =20 Davis reacted to the judge's ruling by calling it a "raw deal" and by urgin= g=20 the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to ignore the lack of evidence and= =20 the judge's conclusions and to "step up and provide the refunds we've asked= =20 for." Davis's position, as usual, is motivated purely by politics. Indeed,= =20 Dan Walters of the Sacramento Bee says that Davis is operating in a=20 "melodramatic virtual world" de-linked from reality.=20 Davis's blame-the-generators argument took another body blow when newly=20 released documents showed that, on average, major out-of-state power=20 companies such as Enron, Duke, Dynergy and Mirant charged less than the=20 average prices paid by the state during the first three months of the year.= =20 California government utilities, on the other hand, such as the Los Angeles= =20 Department of Water and Power and the Sacramento Municipal Utility District= =20 (SMUD), charged the state much more for electricity than the out-of-state= =20 generators. For example, while Texas-based Enron, a favorite Davis whipping= =20 boy, charged an average $181 per megawatt hour, SMUD charged an average $33= 0=20 per megawatt hour.=20 Davis responded to this revelation in typical political fashion. A Davis=20 spokesman said that the governor had expressed his anger at "the generators= =20 who wear cowboy hats" and that "just because there are other entities that= =20 are charging us more doesn't change the fact that we are getting ripped off= =20 by companies from Houston, Tulsa, Atlanta or Charlotte."=20 Yet, for all Davis' feigned indignation about consumers being ripped off, i= t=20 turns out that he and his regulators are poised to ensure that business=20 consumers are ripped off by state government. Davis has signed $43 billion = in=20 ill-advised long-term purchase contracts at rates above-market-price. The= =20 state must, therefore, ensure that enough business customers remain in the= =20 current state-controlled distribution system to pay for high-priced state= =20 power purchases. This is especially important to Davis since the high price= s=20 are borne disproportionately by business. Thus, Davis' regulators are set t= o=20 eliminate "direct access," which allows businesses to shop for cheaper powe= r.=20 Who's the real gouger? No matter how much Davis points the finger,=20 Californians are paying dearly for his political opportunism and bad=20 policies.=20        Turning Coal into a tradable commodity By Rick Stouffer rstouffer@ftenergy.com <mailto:rstouffer@ftenergy.com> With the California power debacle offering a neck-snapping jolt, a number o= f=20 states have determined they must offer more than lip service to ensure that= =20 residents and businesses have enough power to function.  While deregulation's brakes may have been applied in some locales, it doesn= 't=20 mean that development incentives likewise have been scaled back.=20  "There is no question that California was the wake-up call for these states= ,"=20 said Craig Goodman, president of the National Energy Marketers Association.= =20  Midwest a hotbed for incentives Many of the states that have already passed legislation to entice new plant= =20 development are located in the Midwest, an area that, while not yet sufferi= ng=20 from a lack of power, slowly, inexorably is heading in that direction.=20  "Iowa, Illinois and Ohio are located in ECAR (the East Central Area of the= =20 North American Electric Reliability Council, or NERC), which is not yet in = a=20 crisis situation when it comes to sufficient power, but is only a year or t= wo=20 away from that crisis," said Robert Burns, senior research associate with t= he=20 National Regulatory Research Institute at Ohio State University in Columbus= ,=20 Ohio.=20  In its latest self-assessment presented as part of NERC's most recent 10-ye= ar=20 projection, 2000-2009, ECAR said that if 10,400 MW of new capacity is not= =20 added within ECAR as planned, capacity margins within the region will go=20 negative in 2005.=20  PPAs a no-no in Iowa No plant of any significant size has been built in Iowa since 1983, but=20 legislators, during a one-day special session in June, put in place what th= ey=20 hope will spur additional development.=20  The Iowa measure allows utilities to see how their costs will be incorporat= ed=20 into rates prior to plant investment, and also permits municipal systems to= =20 band together to finance new facilities.=20  One item the Iowa legislature could not get past a veto that Gov. Tom Vilsa= ck=20 promised was allowing utilities to purchase power via power purchase=20 contracts from unregulated affiliates.=20  The governor said such a measure would lock in profits for utilities and=20 preclude potential rate cuts. Proponents say the governor effectively locke= d=20 out millions of dollars of investment in Iowa by Madison, Wis.-based Allian= t=20 Energy Corp., which reportedly wanted to build as much as 1,200 MW of=20 capacity in Iowa.=20  Wisconsin Energy likes the tune Northeast of Iowa, Wisconsin appears to be heading off a problem nearly all= =20 power plant developers have these days: a bad case of "not in my backyard."= =20  "Even if a state approves a new power supply, you still have to deal with= =20 local siting officials and NIMBYism," said Goodman.=20  One Wisconsin proposal given serious consideration is to double the impact= =20 plants have on shared revenue payments, to $250 million from $125 million.= =20  Changing shared revenue payments to provide additional compensation to loca= l=20 governments that favor plant construction on existing plant sites also has= =20 been introduced in Wisconsin.=20  Wisconsin Gov. Scott McCallum also has proposed lowering the state's gross= =20 receipts tax on wholesale power to 1.59% from the current 3.19%.  Many of the proposals floating around the Badger State are music to the ear= s=20 of Wisconsin Energy, which is looking to spend some $7 billion over the nex= t=20 decade to construct five new power plants.=20  Not everyone likes the look of incentive legislation in Iowa, Wisconsin and= =20 other states. Many of the new laws are geared toward assisting incumbent=20 utilities=01*effectively snubbing independent power producers, the IPPs say= .=20  "I would not call many of these incentive packages incentives for merchant= =20 power producers," said Samantha Slater, manager of state and regional affai= rs=20 for the Electric Power Supply Association. "Utilities only building new=20 plants definitely is not the way to go."=20  Big doings in Illinois Perhaps the biggest, most all-encompassing incentive package passed by a=20 state in recent memory isn't specifically about promoting plant development= .=20  Illinois Gov. George H. Ryan in late June signed legislation that provides = up=20 to $3.5 billion in incentives designed, industry watchers say, to preserve= =20 and promote the state's $1 billion coal industry=01*and keep 25,000 coal-re= lated=20 jobs intact.  "Illinois in part wanted to protects its coal jobs with this legislation,"= =20 said Paul Cetevich, director of energy services at the Utility Research=20 Center at the University of Florida's Warrington College of Business in=20 Gainesville. "Illinois has been trying to do similar things for a number of= =20 years."=20  The Illinois plan includes sales (6.5%) and utility tax exemptions, along= =20 with an investment tax credit, millions for a financial assistance program= =20 for coal-fired facilities, bond funds set aside to be used for transmission= =20 upgrades and to finance renewable energy projects, even a review by the sta= te=20 Environmental Protection Agency to determine if new regulations concerning= =20 older coal-fired plant emissions are warranted.  Highlights of Illinois energy incentive legislation  Designates new baseloa= d=20 plants, the mines that fuel them or firms that construct new or upgrade=20 existing transmission lines as so-called high-impact businesses. These=20 businesses are provided sales tax exemptions on building materials and=20 equipment, utility tax exemptions and investment tax credits. (Natural=20 gas-fired plants are only eligible for sales tax exemption.)  Creates a $50= 0=20 million financial assistance program for coal-fired plants equal to the=20 amount of general obligation bond funding that can be repaid by coal tax=20 revenues gained on new Illinois coal purchases.  Provides up to $1.7 billio= n=20 in revenue bond authorization to provide financing for electric plants=20 generating Illinois coal mining jobs, including mine-mouth plants and plant= s=20 that use clean-coal technology, repayable by the developers.  Provides up t= o=20 $300 million in revenue bond authorization designed to spur upgrades to the= =20 transmission grid in Illinois, repayable by the wires' owner.  Provides up = to=20 $500 million in revenue bond authorization to finance renewable energy=20 projects, and $500 million for existing coal-fired plants to add scrubbers,= =20 both repayable by the developers.  Mandates a review by the Illinois=20 Environmental Protection Agency of the need for new state regulations=20 governing emissions by older coal-fired plants not subject to stricter air= =20 quality restrictions imposed on new units.  Creation of additional local=20 options for property tax abatement.  In addition, Illinois Gov. George H.= =20 Ryan amended an earlier executive order creating the Governor's Energy=20 Cabinet. Under the revised order, the Energy Cabinet will have responsibili= ty=20 for siting new generation, overseeing implementation of environmental=20 regulations on new plant developers and streamlining the state's permitting= =20 process for new generation.=20  "When the legislative session began in January, you had all the publicity= =20 about California, the price of natural gas had spiked, there was talk of $3= a=20 gallon gasoline, so there were probably three or four versions of coal=20 legislation floating around at one time," said Brian Reardon, a spokesman f= or=20 the Illinois Department of Commerce and Community Affairs.=20  Ryan convened a coal summit in March, took ideas from all invited and put= =20 together what became the state's $3.5 billion incentive package.=20  "I'm very impressed with what Illinois has put in place," the energy=20 marketers' Goodman said. "I'm not aware of any other state with as=20 comprehensive a package."=20  A newly created Governor's Energy Cabinet in Illinois would seem to put=20 NIMBYism to bed, if not totally to rest, by assuming responsibility for=20 siting new generation, overseeing environmental regulation implementation a= nd=20 streamlining state permitting.=20  "We were able to develop a comprehensive strategy that addresses our state'= s=20 energy needs while providing for a long overdue boost to our coal industry,= "=20 Gov. Ryan said in a statement.=20  Looking at the broader picture Illinois is preserving the coal industry, but also looking at the broader= =20 picture, according to the University of Florida's Cetevich. Illinois, and= =20 many other states, have determined that natural gas-fired plants may not be= =20 the saviors the country should rely upon.=20  "I believe the No. 1 overriding factor, while some states are putting=20 incentive packages together, is that the states and public utility=20 commissions have realized that with the numerous natural gas price spikes,= =20 coal is not such a bad option after all."=20  "Having all our eggs in the natural gas basket could be a bad thing," agree= d=20 the National Regulatory Research Institute's Burns. "It cannot have good=20 implications."=20        Debt Pitch: California's Next Test In Electricity Crisis: Selling Power Bonds --- The $12.5 Billion Offering, Crucial to State Finances, Faces Skeptical Investors --- The Risk of Big Budget Cuts=20 By Mitchel Benson and Gregory Zuckerman=20  07/31/2001=20 The Wall Street Journal=20 Page A1=20 (Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)=20 SACRAMENTO, Calif. -- For the past seven months, Gov. Gray Davis has begged= ,=20 cajoled and even threatened legislators and regulators, to lay the groundwo= rk=20 for a $12.5 billion bond issue California needs to cover the cost of keepin= g=20 its lights on.=20 Now comes the tough part: persuading investors that the bond is an attracti= ve=20 investment. On that score, Mr. Davis's team, whose credibility has been=20 battered by California's months-long electricity crisis, is hoping to bounc= e=20 back from a rocky start.=20 This week, a delegation headed by state Treasurer Philip Angelides is=20 scheduled to visit Wall Street to pitch the municipal debt offering, which= =20 would be the largest in U.S. history by a factor of nearly four. To succeed= ,=20 Mr. Angelides will have to allay investors' fears of the kind of political= =20 infighting that already has delayed the issue several times. He will have t= o=20 satisfy bond-rating agencies that the bond is safe enough to merit a top-ti= er=20 investment-grade rating. And he'll have to make investors want to buy it=20 without demanding costly inducements that would give California financial= =20 headaches for decades to come.=20 "This isn't building the Panama Canal. It's not Apollo 11," says Mr.=20 Angelides. But, he concedes, the bond sale will be "uniquely challenging."= =20 That is because this giant bond issue won't be backed by the full faith and= =20 credit of the state or by tax dollars -- the types of guarantees public-deb= t=20 investors often prefer. Instead, the bonds, which will have maturities of a= s=20 long as 15 years, are to be paid off by the state's electricity ratepayers= =20 from their monthly bills, which some view as a riskier source of cash flow.= =20 Moreover, there is still a question as to whether the issue's proceeds will= =20 be adequate to repay the bonds, restore the state's financially troubled=20 private utilities to health and finance future electricity purchases.=20 Despite these hurdles, many analysts predict California will eventually=20 succeed in pulling off the bond deal, though at a cost far higher than=20 originally anticipated. In fact, the apparent easing of the state's energy= =20 crunch may make its marketing job a bit less difficult. A recent drop in th= e=20 price of natural gas, which fuels many California power plants, a mild summ= er=20 in the West and a June decision by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission= =20 to impose electricity price caps in the region have helped avert the rollin= g=20 blackouts that roiled the state earlier this year.=20 Still, the specter of history overhangs the bond offering. Rating agencies= =20 are haunted by having failed to warn investors of such public-finance=20 disasters as the 1983 default of the Washington Public Power Supply System= =20 and the 1994 bankruptcy of Orange County, Calif. Moreover, Moody's Investor= s=20 Service and Standard & Poor's assigned investment-grade ratings as recently= =20 as early January to debt issued by Pacific Gas & Electric Co., just three= =20 months before the California utility sought Chapter 11 bankruptcy-court=20 protection.=20 By the time California hopes to sell its bonds, in October or early Novembe= r,=20 the state's electrical-power purchases are expected to leave it owing a tot= al=20 of about $10 billion to its lenders and its own general fund. If the bond= =20 issue is delayed beyond that, or canceled, or if the offering flops,=20 California could be forced to make billions of dollars in spending cuts,=20 raise taxes or increase electricity rates for the third time in the past ye= ar=20 to pay back what it owes.=20 If the bond sale fails "the state of California will be in deep trouble,"= =20 says Mr. Angelides. "The state general fund must be repaid so money for=20 education, health care and children's services can be safe."=20 California's need for the bonds -- like most of the state's energy woes --= =20 stems from its troubled 1996 electricity-deregulation plan. Under the plan,= =20 the state's investor-owned utilities were obliged to sell many of their pow= er=20 plants to other companies and purchase electricity through a state-sponsore= d=20 power auction. Consumer rates were frozen, but wholesale rates weren't.=20 The system worked fairly well until May 2000, when wholesale rates began=20 soaring amid tight electricity supplies and stronger-than-expected demand.= =20 Last year, the state's cost of wholesale power climbed to $27 billion from = $7=20 billion in 1999. In the first six months of this year, that sum hit $20=20 billion.=20 With retail rates frozen, Pacific Gas & Electric, a unit of PG&E Corp., and= =20 Edison International's Southern California Edison racked up billions of=20 dollars of debts. In January, after power generators stopped doing business= =20 with the utilities, the state began buying power on their behalf. It borrow= ed=20 the money from its general fund, normally used to pay for everything from= =20 public safety and environmental programs to social services and education, = at=20 a pace of more than $1 billion a month.=20 In February, Mr. Davis's allies in the state Legislature helped him pass a= =20 bill authorizing the state to sell bonds to replenish the fund and to=20 continue making power purchases. But legislators cautiously capped the size= =20 of the borrowing, using a complex formula. Under the new law, the formula= =20 would allow only for a bond sale of less than $1 billion.=20 Realizing that wasn't sufficient, the governor and the assembly drafted=20 another bill that scrapped the formula and allowed the state to sell up to= =20 $13.4 billion of bonds. But, in a setback for Mr. Davis, Republican lawmake= rs=20 banded together to deny him the two-thirds majority needed for the bill to= =20 immediately become law. As a result, the law won't take effect until=20 mid-August, when the public-finance market is all but moribund.=20 In the meantime, Mr. Angelides moved to hire underwriters. After receiving= =20 four dozen bids from Wall Street investment bankers in February, he retaine= d=20 a team led by J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. But under pressure to get the financi= ng=20 moving, the treasurer didn't negotiate firm underwriting fees on the deal.= =20 At the time, Mr. Angelides said he expected the underwriters to "skinny dow= n"=20 their fees given the enormous size of the offering. But Morgan, representin= g=20 a team of underwriters that includes Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc., Citgrou= p=20 Inc.'s Salomon Smith Barney unit and Bear, Stearns & Co., says it expects t= o=20 charge standard fees, given the significant challenges presented by the=20 issue's size. In the case of a $12.5 billion sale, that amounts to around $= 56=20 million. J.P. Morgan and the California treasurer's office now say the fees= =20 won't be decided until they determine the bond issue's final size and=20 structure.=20 From the start, relations between California officials and Wall Street seem= ed=20 fraught with miscommunication. In February, Mr. Davis called a meeting to= =20 explain to institutional investors, analysts and rating-agency executives h= is=20 blueprint for getting a grip on California's energy crisis. The session, hi= s=20 only face-to-face meeting with investors to date, was held at Manhattan's= =20 Cornell Club. Attendees say the governor kept them waiting for 20 minutes= =20 before breezing into the room and giving them only a general overview of th= e=20 state's energy plan, which left investors grumbling.=20 During the discussion, Mr. Davis, a Bronx, N.Y., native, made light of a=20 conversation he had had with Richard Cortright Jr., a Standard & Poor's=20 director. "I told him: `You're from Indiana, that explains why you're not= =20 getting it,'" the governor said, according to several people present.=20 "It was intended as a joke, but no one was laughing," says A.J. Sabatelle, = a=20 Moody's vice president. A spokesman for Mr. Davis says the governor doesn't= =20 recall the exchange; Mr. Davis is frequently late for public engagements. A= =20 spokesman for Mr. Cortright wouldn't comment.=20 Then, in March, the governor's office set up a conference call to update=20 investors. Figuring they wouldn't get a big turnout, they used an open-mike= =20 system that allowed each investor's comments to be heard by everyone else.= =20 But with around 100 investors taking part, the presentation by Joseph=20 Fichera, a paid consultant who is one of Mr. Davis's top financial advisers= ,=20 turned into a free-for-all, with one caller cursing Mr. Fichera in response= =20 to one of his answers.=20 Infighting among California politicians hasn't helped. Earlier this year, f= or=20 example, state Controller Kathleen Connell criticized the way her fellow=20 Democrats, Messrs. Davis and Angelides, were handling the bond sale. Unless= =20 it was far bigger, she warned, the state would face a "cash-flow crunch" by= =20 February or March of 2002. The governor's office fired back, calling her=20 claims "completely" political.=20 California policy makers have "spent most of the year bickering and finger= =20 pointing," Standard & Poor's director Peter Rigby said in a recent report,= =20 "and that will raise some uncertainty among lenders." Moreover, investors= =20 know the state needs the money, and so "it's a buyer's market," Mr. Rigby= =20 added.=20 Aware that it needed a financial pro to make its case to Wall Street, the= =20 Davis Administration pushed Mr. Fichera to the forefront. Since May, the=20 former Prudential Securities investment banker has spent hours on conferenc= e=20 calls with Wall Street explaining the state's strategy. That and a sense th= at=20 California has gotten a better grip on its electricity woes indicates that= =20 "the governor's staff is far higher on the learning curve than just a few= =20 months ago," says Paul Patterson, an electric-power analyst at ABN Amro Inc= .=20 Critical barriers remain. The state's Public Utilities Commission has yet t= o=20 make key decisions intended to ensure that there's enough ratepayer revenue= =20 set aside to guarantee that bondholders get paid. On Aug. 23, for example,= =20 the PUC is expected to take up a rate agreement giving the state's power=20 purchaser, the Department of Water Resources, unprecedented authority to=20 raise rates without a public hearing. The commission also is expected to=20 decide how to divvy up current ratepayer revenue among state and private=20 utilities and to take up a measure that would prohibit large industrial=20 consumers from, in effect, bypassing the utilities and buying their juice= =20 directly from generators or traders.=20 But opponents of those controversial measures are expected to put up a figh= t.=20 Businesses and consumer groups are particularly upset that the state might= =20 get carte blanche to raise rates and are threatening to sue to block the PU= C=20 decision before the state Supreme Court.=20 California already has some of the highest electricity rates in the nation.= =20 Residential consumers in San Francisco, for instance, pay around 14 cents p= er=20 kilowatt hour for power, up from about 10 cents in December. That compares= =20 with around seven cents per kilowatt hour in Atlanta and 10 cents in Chicag= o,=20 but it is still lower than the nearly 23 cents charged in New York City.=20 High costs are a big reason businesses think they ought to be free to buy= =20 electricity directly. It's not "in the best interest of consumers to=20 eliminate direct access in order to market bonds that will keep the price o= f=20 electricity in California higher than necessary for at least 10 years," say= s=20 Allan Zaremberg, president of the California Chamber of Commerce.=20 The state's three largest investor-owned utilities, PG&E, SoCalEd and Sempr= a=20 Energy's San Diego Gas & Electric Co., are expected to demand the largest= =20 possible share of the revenues they collect from ratepayers. PG&E, for=20 example, has already asked for a public hearing to examine the state's clai= m=20 that it needs so much money. The pressure to allocate more cash to the=20 utilities could also rise if a state-sponsored bailout plan for SoCalEd fai= ls=20 and the utility joins PG&E in bankruptcy proceedings.=20 Sorting all these issues out before the PUC may lead to legal challenges th= at=20 could delay the bond issuance for months. And potential investors face=20 another nagging concern: Under a $43 billion series of long-term power=20 contracts signed by the state, electricity generators and traders involved= =20 get first call on revenue from ratepayers. Only then would bondholders, who= =20 are accustomed to being first in line, get paid.=20 In fact, some investors who were initially enthusiastic about a bond that i= s=20 expected to pay more than half a percentage point above other municipal=20 issues in the market are starting to have doubts. Marilyn Cohen, president = of=20 Envision Capital in Los Angeles, a firm that manages bond portfolios for=20 individual investors, says she spent several months setting aside money to= =20 participate in the deal. Now, she says, she is starting to look elsewhere. = "I=20 don't have confidence that it will get done," she adds.=20 Many investors are concerned the state hasn't proved it can overcome its=20 energy crisis. "These are the same guys who told us energy prices were goin= g=20 south five years ago, they're trying to gloss over the potential problems,"= =20 says Kelly Mainelli, a portfolio manager at Montgomery Asset Management in= =20 San Francisco, who is considering investing in the bonds. He says he also= =20 worries about a spike in natural gas prices ahead of the offering.=20 To reassure potential investors, the state now is offering to amass a $3=20 billion reserve -- from bond proceeds and ratepayer revenues -- to ensure= =20 that bondholders would get paid in the event of any unforeseen developments= =20 in the power market. In addition, California lawmakers are moving a bill=20 through the Legislature that would set aside a specific portion of revenues= =20 from ratepayers solely to pay bondholders. Such an approach could help the= =20 bond issue "to get a higher rating," says David Hitchcock, director of=20 Standard & Poor's state and local government group.=20 It might not, however. It isn't clear whether bankruptcy courts can overrul= e=20 state government. So, some investors worry that PG&E's bankruptcy judge cou= ld=20 rule that money collected by the utility should go to the company's=20 creditors, and not to paying investors in the coming bond deal, throwing a= =20 wrench into the offering. The same would be true in the case of SoCalEd if = it=20 ended up filing for Chapter 11 protection.=20 Underwriters are moving to broaden the appeal of the planned issue by=20 chopping it into small slices aimed at different types of investors. There= =20 will be taxable, tax-free, variable-interest, fixed-interest, short-term an= d=20 long-term bonds. State Finance Director Tim Gage says the state is assuming= a=20 rating "in the range of single-A" on the power bonds and thus expects to pa= y=20 an average annual interest rate of 5.77% on the tax-exempt issue and 7.77% = on=20 the taxable bonds.=20 Investors and analysts "may think we're crazy," says Guy Phillips, one of t= he=20 state's top legislative aides on energy matters, "But in the end, the=20 decision for them is: `Do we see a path to get our money.'"=20 ---=20 Journal Link: Would you purchase California bonds that are backed by utilit= y=20 payments? Participate in the Question of the Day, in the online Journal at= =20 WSJ.com/Question.=20  (Graph)      California ; Op Ed Desk=20 Commentary The State Will Pay for Davis' Panic KATHLEEN CONNELL; PETER NAVARRO  07/31/2001=20 Los Angeles Times=20 Home Edition=20 Page B-13=20 Copyright 2001 / The Times Mirror Company=20 The five-to-20-year power contracts signed in a panic by the Davis=20 administration have saddled California with billions of dollars of "strande= d=20 costs" that will burden our economy and state budget for years to come.=20 Now, Gov. Gray Davis' spin doctors want us to believe that these $43-billio= n=20 long-term contracts were both necessary and the impetus for a moderating=20 energy market. Here's the real story:=20 Last summer, under a flawed deregulation, a handful of large out-of-state= =20 generators effectively cornered California 's wholesale electricity market.= =20 This "sellers cartel" first drained our electric utilities dry. In November= ,=20 it became the taxpayers' turn to be victimized, when the Davis administrati= on=20 gave carte blanche authority to the Department of Water Resources for energ= y=20 purchases. Between November and July, the department burned through $8=20 billion in short-term energy purchases, devouring almost the entire state= =20 budget surplus. This required the state Public Utilities Commission to pass= =20 the largest rate hike in California history and will require the state to= =20 issue $12.4 billion in bonds this fall to service this debt.=20 In February, with spot market prices at all-time highs and rolling blackout= s=20 rippling through the state, the governor's representatives began to negotia= te=20 long-term contracts with the sellers cartel. This was an ill-advised=20 long-term strategy to fight a short-run crisis. To understand why, look at= =20 the negotiating chessboard from the electricity cartel's perspective. The= =20 cartel's negotiators knew that within 18 to 24 months, there would be a hug= e=20 glut of power on the market as many power plants were already under=20 construction in California and throughout the West. Once the new energy=20 resources were available, the cartel would no longer be able to manipulate= =20 the market. This supply glut would drive prices back to the 1999 range of= =20 three to five cents per kilowatt-hour, far lower than the prices now set in= =20 the long-term energy contracts.=20 To the cartel members, this looming power glut was a recipe for heavy losse= s.=20 Locking the state into long-term contracts at lucrative rates was their=20 redemption. The Davis administration walked into this market inferno,=20 bargaining from extreme weakness at the top of the market, signing contract= s=20 that were too expensive. The administration also capitulated on two highly= =20 objectionable clauses. The first requires the state to absorb all costs of= =20 environmental protection for many of the generators. The second holds the= =20 generators "harmless" for any increase in taxes imposed on the generators b= y=20 the state. This provision essentially freezes taxes on the generators over= =20 the next several years, requiring taxpayers to pick up the tab.=20 Notwithstanding the administration's spin, the current improvement in our= =20 energy situation may be traced to at least four other factors: This summer= =20 has been unusually cool, Californians have increased their conservation,=20 recessionary forces have reduced demand and, most important, the Federal=20 Energy Regulatory Commission finally imposed price caps on the sellers=20 cartel, dampening market manipulation.=20 The bottom line is this: Long after the rolling blackouts stop, California= =20 still will be saddled with billions of dollars of unnecessary electricity= =20 costs and high bond debt. These higher costs will hurt consumers and=20 businesses, put heavy pressure on the state budget for years and inhibit th= e=20 state's economic growth.=20 There are two lessons from this multibillion-dollar mistake. The first is t= o=20 have full public review of major energy decisions. Equally important, the= =20 Public Utilities Commission must be allowed to retain its rate-making=20 authority so that problems are not hidden in a state bureaucracy.      Electrical Switch: Now, Cheaper Power Is Causing Hefty Losses for California=20 By Rebecca Smith  07/31/2001=20 The Wall Street Journal=20 Page A3=20 (Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)=20 Mild weather means that California is escaping blackouts, but it also means= =20 that the state is amassing power-trading losses that are adding to the cost= =20 of an energy mess now in its 15th month.=20 Internal documents show that so far in July, California has resold the=20 equivalent of 8% of the power it bought under short-term and long-term=20 contracts that were designed to reduce the state's reliance on the volatile= =20 and costly spot market. The problem is, the state has had a surfeit of powe= r,=20 and it has been selling the juice into the market at a fraction of the pric= e=20 it paid, leading to losses from July 1 through Thursday of about $30 millio= n=20 to $35 million.=20 The losses illustrate the difficulties dogging the state's new energy czar,= =20 the California Department of Water Resources, despite a softening of=20 electricity prices and demand. The department got into the power-purchasing= =20 business in a big way in January, when the state's biggest investor-owned= =20 utilities quit buying power because they were no longer creditworthy. Since= =20 then, the state has signed $43 billion worth of contracts, one for as much = as=20 20 years, in a bid to tamp down high spot-market prices. Critics now say it= =20 was a mistake to lock in so much power at such a high cost.=20 Power officials say the state has been in the odd position since last month= =20 of having too much power contracted for off-peak hours. "It's something you= 'd=20 expect when you first get into a new business and you'd hope to reduce it,"= =20 said Pete Garris, chief of operations for the power-purchasing agency.=20 Internal numbers from the DWR, which the agency has confirmed, show that on= =20 average the state paid, from July 1 to Thursday, $123 per megawatt hour for= =20 some 1.8 million megawatts of power purchased under long-term contracts, an= d=20 $148 per megawatt hour for some 2.2 million megawatt hours of power purchas= ed=20 under short-term contracts. In the same period, the records show it sold=20 excess power amounting to 320,000 megawatt hours at an average price of $27= =20 per megawatt hour, less than what it costs to fuel many plants. At times, t= he=20 DWR sold the juice for as little as $2 per megawatt hour.=20 This, ironically, has offered an opportunity to power traders that the stat= e=20 was seeking to hem in through its contract program. They have been able at= =20 times to substitute cheap power they buy from the state for the more costly= =20 power they otherwise would have to generate to meet their contract=20 obligations.=20 Despite the agency's power-trading losses, total market costs still are dow= n=20 substantially from previous months, partly due to price limits set June 19 = by=20 the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Slacker demand also has been a=20 factor. In June, Southern California Edison, a unit of Edison International= ,=20 sold 11.8% less electricity to its customers than in June 2000, reflecting= =20 energy conservation and reduced demand for air conditioning.=20 Since January the state has spent $9.5 billion buying power at an average= =20 cost of $237 per megawatt hour, according to internal DWR documents. That i= s=20 more than double the price of wholesale electricity last year, when prices= =20 averaged $114. The state's cash-strapped utilities have reimbursed the agen= cy=20 $1.53 billion of the $9.5 billion it has spent so far. As a result of the= =20 huge shortfall, the state has tapped California 's general fund and now is= =20 pursuing a plan to sell $12.5 billion worth of revenue bonds to replenish i= ts=20 coffers.=20 The state signed dozens of long-term power contracts after January, pushed = by=20 federal energy regulators to protect itself against spot-market volatility.= =20 So far this year, it has spent $851 million under long-term contracts, $2.3= 6=20 billion under short-term arrangements and $5.54 billion on spot-market=20 purchases, according to the DWR documents.=20 But the state's "long" position in July, in which it had too much power, ha= s=20 at times given power-trading companies an arbitrage opportunity. Last=20 Wednesday, for example, the state sold electricity for as little as $2 per= =20 megawatt hour on the same day that it was paying $22 to $75 on the spot=20 market, presumably because its advance purchases did not exactly match the= =20 actual shape of demand.=20 John Stout, senior vice president for Houston-based Reliant Energy Inc., a= =20 big energy supplier to California , said a trader can double or triple his= =20 company's profit by substituting cheap market power from the water-resource= s=20 agency for power the company otherwise would generate. It is also free to= =20 resell the natural gas it might have used to fuel its plants. "That's what= =20 the trader is there to do and not leave money on the table," said Mr. Stout= .=20 (Chart) 
 Really appreciate it.  Thanks so much. 
 dunno.  didn't say in the clips that miyung sent around.    Karen Denne/ENRON@enronXgate 07/31/2001 02:44 PM 
 Thanks.  Looks like I'm going nonetheless---things I can do up there.    Joseph Alamo 07/31/2001 03:28 PM 
 Hi Mike: Parquet found me to talk about the QF ideas that you guys are bouncing around.  I'll be in Portland tomorrow.  You have some time to sit and discuss a bit?  Best, Jeff 
 thanks lara. 
 thanks lara.    Lara Leibman/ENRON@enronXgate 07/31/2001 03:58 PM 
 Thanks, Sue.  Thanks, Lara.    Sue Nord/ENRON@enronXgate 07/31/2001 03:59 PM 
 PS--I'm trying hard (but failing) to shift the blame for our stock drop away from the bozos running California to the wacky broadband market.  Any help you two can provide would be greatly appreciated.  PPS---It's Ms Mona's birthday today.  Hope to see you both real soon.  Best, Jeff 
 Today Mona and I attended a meeting of the "California Energy Solutions Group" (formerly the AB 1890 Implementation Group).  But for the issues discussed below, there's not much else to report from the meeting other than folks engaged in a good deal of posturing.  At our urging, the group decided to form a "subcommittee" comprised of a subset of the group.  The group will work quickly to develop a "strawperson" proposal to present to the larger group for consideration.  The goal is to quickly arrive at a "settlement"---ideally by year end, or sooner---that everyone can agree to and offer up to Davis, legislators, etc.  Our "reward" for coming up with the idea is the requirement that we serve on the "committee."  In addition to us, the other people on the committee are:  Eve Elsesser will chair the committee---Cogen types John Fielder---Edison Mike Florio--TURN Bill Booth---CLECA Carolyn McIntyre---Sempra Smutney--Generators Aaron Thomas--AES (retail) Tony Braun--Munis Ralph Cavanagh--NRDC John Flory--CALPX  It is clear that one of the key issues is devising the "benchmark" that the CPUC can use to judge the reasonableness of utility purchases---similar to the model used for utility procurement on the gas side.  Chris Calger is in the office working on the power plant deals and I briefly discussed with him ways of devising a politically palatable, commercially defensible benchmark. We came up with some ideas that he suggested I pursue further with Bob Badeer, Chris Foster and Tim Belden, which I'll do on Monday.   The first meeting of the subcommittee is on Tuesday.  If possible, I'd like to add the "benchmark" and "committee" issues to our agenda for Tuesday's meeting.  Best, Jeff 
 Howzabout 11 AM?    Michael Etringer/ENRON@enronXgate 07/31/2001 03:58 PM 
 Sounds good.  See you at 11.  Best, Jeff    Michael Etringer/ENRON@enronXgate 07/31/2001 04:26 PM 
 Bear with me.  I want to work on it through the evening.  Will make sure that it's out tonite, well in advance of tomorrow's 1 PM PDT conference call.  Best, Jeff 
 please print out as overheads:  pages 1 (cover page), 5, and 6.  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 Got 'em.  Thanks a million.    Karen Denne/ENRON@enronXgate 07/31/2001 05:25 PM 
 I've just been informed that I'm being switched to Outlook tonite, which means, I've been told, that I may not have access to my email later this evening.  If that holds, I'll email the draft to everyone first thing in the morning (hopefully by 8 AM Houston) time.  Otherwise, it'll land in your email later tonite.  My apologies for all the machinations.  Best, Jeff 
 Man, there must be a lot of bad hair out your way with that kind of heat. 
 Thanks, Mike.  I prefer the $15,000/clean slate option.  For comments on the proposed decision and lobbying on this specific case, I'm willing to go straight hourly basis, but I will continue to request fixed prices going foward.  And worry not, it's not a Rick, Paul, Steffes issue.  I'm the headache.  All this said, and budget haggling aside, I'm sure you're aware that it's my view that 1) you do fantastic work and 2) it's great to work with you.  Best, Jeff    MBD <MDay@GMSSR.com> 10/10/2000 12:14 PM 
 i have a finance midterm and will be at your place around 10 or 10:15, most likely.  be happy to chat.  i can't believe those fins.    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 10/24/2000 11:47 AM 
 Greetings:  We are getting considerable traction with the idea of using a "benchmark" to judge utility purchases, similar in concept to what's in place on the gas side.  To oversimplify it:  1) set the benchmark 2) the utility buys for consumers and tries to beat the benchmark 3) if (at the end of the year) the utility has beat the benchmark, it shares the profits with consumers; if the benchmark wins, the utility shares the losses with consumers 4) the PUC performs no "after-the-fact" reasonableness; no "second-guessing"  California likes the idea and is now looking to Enron to come up with what the benchmark ought to be.  I talked to Calger a bit about it today and he suggested that I get together with you guys.  As always, time's short. Are you available on Monday?  Thanks, Jeff 
 She was at attention, throughout the meeting..... 
 Thanks very much, Doug. 
 Apologies.  I've had to focus a bit on the finance project (and slogging through the case has been long and painful).  I'll have my responses to 1-3 to Kim later this afternoon. 
 I didn't get an email on German GAAP from the professor. 
 Here's the exec sum draft that distributed hard copies of today.  it's going to change quite a bit based on today's work.  i'll try to turn it around by tomorrow for folks to look at. 
 well? 
 Ditto, Christine:  I've proposed some edits (for what they're worth) to Christine's fine work.  Kim, this case has left me brain dead ("compare the differences between the US Consitutation and the Magna Carta"---give me a break), so you may want to make sure that I haven't made any outrageous typos.  Best, Jeff      Kimberly Kupiecki <kkupiecki@arpartners.com> 12/03/2000 10:37 PM 
 Greetings.  I have a conflict in the morning, but could join by conference calling beginning at 2 pm.  Is that possible.  If not, no big deal.  I, like Ralph, will catch up at the next meeting, and submit our ideas to Eve between now and then.  Let me know.  And I agree with Ralph re: staying focused on the most urgent issues.  Best, Jeff    RCavanagh@nrdc.org (Ralph Cavanagh) 12/03/2000 07:30 PM 
 Very glad to here that things have gone well thus far.  I'm keeping my fingers crossed that the good luck continues!  If we don't talk between now and Thursday, we'll talk then.  Best, Jeff 
 Not sure that you were on the email list for this.  Who's "Chris Fair?"  I don't think that's you. 
 Great.  How's 2 PM today? 
 T&J:  I think at this point, any more changes, and we're going to blow our collective brains out.  But here's a question.  What interest rate did we use to calculate the interest the County receives on its "ending balance?"  Ted, you likely have a much better feel for this, but should it be something like the 3-month commercial paper rate, or something?  Did we use the 20-year treasury?  Again, I think we likely ought leave the thing along at this point, but thought I'd throw it out there.  Tell me that it doesn't matter, please.  And Ted, I thought we agreed that the interest rate was 5.720928373983039 (kidding).  Jackie:  Good luck with Schwab.  I'll keep my fingers and toes crossed.  Best, Jeff 
 I agree.  My expectations for the new "California Energy Solutions Group" are low, but willing to give it a go.  I'm planning on having the piece done by lunch---working on it now.  Attached is the first message;  there are 3 more messages, or so, which will only be (no more than) one more page. 
 New Yorker reviews Henry Moss in this week's issue.  Haven't read it yet. Did you guys like it?  Cameron, what's the name of the bandwidth exchange firm that you guys did your deal with?  Bandwidth Exchange?  (I"m brain dead.) 
 Got your message re: reverse auction all of the utility's demand.  Getting (interestingly complicated), though.  Now, the utilities want to create a "core/noncore" split in electricity, like in gas  (where large gas customers can't take commodity from the utility).  With a core/noncore split, Edison claims that QF contracts, nukes and other existing generation that it still holds is sufficient to meet "core" needs and it therefore may not need "contracts."  As you can imagine, large customers ain't clamoring to get thrown into the market as "noncore" customers right about now.  But they may find themselves without a choice.  I talked to Calger on Friday about reverse auction versus benchmark and I'll be talking to the traders about it this afternoon, and we'll be discussing further when Rick, Steffes et al are here tomorrow.  Will let you know where it goes.  Best, Jeff 
 Talk to you then. 
 Sorry to bring it up again, but did we finally give up on UC/CSU?  Jessie Knight called me.  He's now the CEO of the Chamber of Commerce is S.D.  They plan to launch a campaign next week telling businesses in S.D. that the best thing to leave Sempra and switch to another provider.  ("Do you want the Legislature to manage your energy costs, or do you want to manage them yourself?")  They want to give illustrative examples of folks who've switched and how well they're doing.  Ray McNally's sister is an extremely enthusiastic Enron customer and is going to contact the Chamber.  Be useful to have a business or two, or, UC/CSU.  Know it's a long shot, but figured it don't hurt to try. 
 Hi Michelle:  Guess who?  Just went into Ehronline and noticed that under vacation it sez that I'm entitled to 75 hours of vacation, and that I've used 48 hours, leaving 27.  I think that I'm actually entitled to more than 75 hours. Please tell me that I am.  Thanks very much.  Signed, Desperately in need of vacation  Also, I clicked on deferral enrollment, and by-golly if I couldn't find the election form to download.  Am I just clueless, or is there another place that I need to look for it?  Thanks a million. 
 Sounds good.    Paul Kaufman@ECT 12/04/2000 12:57 PM 
 thanks.  we should talk more about the perfect deal----if it's still something that you think is worth pursuing.  you didn't think henry moss was the cat's meow, did you? 
 I think that you're wondering is right on target.    "Pocta, Robert M." <rmp@cpuc.ca.gov> 12/04/2000 02:14 PM 
 Hi:  Though I'll miss the meeting (if it's over by 2 PM), I'll be able to give you our ideas on the agenda items tomorrow.  If there's anything else, just let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Please keep this confidential at this point.  It's the agenda for the California "subcommittee" meeting on Tuesday that I mentioned in an earlier note.  They were unable to reschedule the meeting, which starts at 10 AM tomorrow, but we're on the subcommitte and  will have very good access to the final product, so I'm not too concerned about missing the "kickoff" meeting. Folks in California are really looking to us to help figure out item #2 "forward contracting."  It would be very useful to discuss this outline tomorrow while we're all together.  Best, Jeff 
 good point.  if you'd like to include it in this draft, i'm fine with that---we certainly have been very vocal about the need to reform it. alternatively, we could discuss with the larger group tomorrow whether we weigh in heavily and if so what our exact message ought to be.  either way works for me, just let me know. 
 thanks.  my assumption is that, with respect to power plant siting and what we ought to do, you'll take the lead tomorrow.  does it make sense for now to leave a "placeholder' under that one and we can discuss further tomorrow, or would you prefer to put a specific item in there now, like "Legislature should revisit last session's streamlining bill?"    Sandra McCubbin 12/04/2000 03:15 PM 
 you're cash flow spreadsheet is freakin' awesome.  nice job. 
 plz call 415.782.7822.  jeff 
 can you please call me?  i'm trying to input the numbers from the spreadsheet into the exec sum, and have a question.  thanks.  415.782.7822. 
 Thank you so much.  Really sorry to bother you so much.    Michelle Hargrave@ECT 12/04/2000 04:19 PM 
 Just had a long internal meeting.  Over the next 24 hours, we're going to try to simulate on California a potential solution we devised in the meeting.  No sense in offering something up if we don't know what the numbers look like, at least in a "ball park" sense.   I should be able to get you something fairly concrete by end of day tomorrow or first thing Wednesday.  That work? Have fun tomorrow.  Best, Jeff 
 That sounds like a very reasonable way to proceed.    Evelyn Kahl Elsesser <eke@aelaw.com> 12/04/2000 05:39 PM 
 Attached is a very rough draft of solutions/messages for discussion at tomorrow's meeting.  I'll bring hard copies to the meeting. 
 Ok.  Here they are.  On exhibit A, I didn't touch numbers are exhibit #s. Also, I deleted CAPM, since we ain't got anything yet.  And I deleted the part that said "ticket sales taxes don't matter much," because now that we have the numbers they could matter, cuz it's really tight between bond payments and tax revs.  Anyway, that's it.  I checked and doubled checked the numbers and exihibit #s in the exec sum, but you may want to give one last peek.  Thanks SO much for pulling it together.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Mary: Well, the problem is likely just that I'm dense.  I log in, click on deferral and find a description of what one needs to do (i.e., fill out the form), but I've surfed around the site a bit and can't seem to find the form.  Am I (probably) missing something?  Thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff 
 many thanks, mary.  and michelle, i'm indebted, as always.  if you don't hear from me, that means all went well. 
 Available Wednesday but not Tuesday.  Happy holiday to all. 
 I'm on your man.  What do you need? 
 11 AM PST.  I'll try to be on but can't promise.    Karen Denne 12/07/2000 09:37 AM 
 Can we have a quick call (i.e., no more than 30 minutes) at 9 AM (PST) on Monday to discuss?    Alan Comnes@ECT 12/07/2000 03:07 AM 
 you getting this stuff? 
 will be at both meetings and will have detailed proposals beforehand.  we continue to work on procurement piece and have reached teh same conclusion as you in your note---need something to implement now, as well as a "longer" term solution to IOU procurement.  you'll be hearing from me.    Evelyn Kahl Elsesser <eke@aelaw.com> 12/06/2000 03:44 PM 
 yes, thank you.  see you tonite! 
 Folks:  The "subcommittee" I've referenced that's trying to come up with a solution to California's train wreck is moving very quickly.  The group's shooting to have a first cut at a "straw person" proposal sketched out by end of next week.  The group's meeting on Tuesday to continue to bounce around ideas.  I'd like to try to have an internal call on Monday at either 10 AM (PST) or 3  PM (PST) to pin down at least a vaguely detailed conceptual framework that I can propose to the subcommittee on Tuesday.  The agenda items for the internal meeting are:  Finalize proposal for benchmark(s) for utility procurement. Goal: increase utility willingness to enter into forward contracts by replacing PUC after-the-fact "reasonableness" review with a benchmark. (Been working the Portland desk on a "portfolio benchmark" concept.)  Determine our view of how to treat term contracts w.r.t. the PX credit, i.e., should those contracts be disclosed to the market, or should PUC keep them confidential, calculate the PX credit behind closed doors, and publish the credit ex poste?  The PX credit depends on the overall utility portfolio, not just the PX price.  Let me know if 10 AM or 3 PM (PST) works better.  Harry:  I'll assume that you'll contact the folks from EES that need to participate.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Gavin:  Could you do me a favor (know you're busy).  Someone told me that there's an article in last Thursday's? NYT blaming the California fiasco on former California Commissioner Dan Fessler, who was responsible (a few years back) for putting in place the structure we have here.  Have you seen it?  If so could you forward?  If not, could you try and find it and forward.  Very much appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 Mark: I don't know how any "concerns" I may have raised reached you, but rest assured that there are no worries from my end.  I saw the piece on the local news.  Vacar's on a one-person crusade to kill capitalism, that's certain.  It was very clear that you were taken horribly out of context, and they did you a great disservice.  Just between us chickens, it did come up as if you were implying that there's some reasonable likelihood that manipulation's the culprit.  You can imagine just how sensitive we are to that issue.  But I don't think that you should sweat it.  In a very brief conversation with Mike Day I mentioned the piece and that they got you responding to manipulation (i.e., "when'd you stop beating your wife) on camera.  So agitated was I that I didn't even bother to bring it up with Herr Fawcett.  So again, thanks much for the note, but no big deal.  Now for my two cents:  Question:  "what's the problem?"  answer:  "very bad state energy policy---and here are the five big regulatory problems standing in the way of a solution for California....."  "market manipulation?  well, those charges are raised in every industry, whenever prices spike.  the lion's share of the time, it turns out to be market fundamentals."  Appreciate your note.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 perhaps you were a little strong in relaying my concerns to someone? 
 congratulations?  condolences?  anyway, let's talk.  today's bad.  you in tomorrow? 
 Thanks very much Dave.  We've got the proposal (and we've got a few issues with it).  Rog: I know that you're swamped managing EES' book, etc.  So I'd be happy to fill Dave in on EES' view of CLECA's proposal, the negotiations that are underway generally, and what we're cooking up to try to help the negotitations along. Just let me know.  Also, Dave, be happy to talk to Hanson, and fill them in one what's going on out there if that would be useful.  Jeff    David Parquet@ECT 12/07/2000 03:32 PM 
 sorry for the delay.  be great to catch up, but with all this energy mess, i've had to cancel going, unfortunately.  hope you're well.  Best, Jeff 
 fyi.  most responses back have been for 3 pm (from the traders).  also, give dennis a call.  he's polling folks to get views on what ferc's going to do on the 13th.  best, jeff 
 you bet.  i'm at 415.782.7822. 
 Thank you very much for the info.    Anita Taff-Rice <anitatr@earthlink.net> 12/07/2000 07:11 PM 
 Here's an attempt at being frank about the legislation without jeopardizing our relationships or commercial prospects.  Overall, we respect the effort, but California failed to get the ball over the goal line:  On Siting Intentionally or not, California has designed power plant siting laws that make it excruciatingly difficult to construct power plants in the state. Folks seem to have lost sight of the need to balance growth and environmental quality in California. That's why nothing's been built in the state for a decade and developers are going outside the state to build power plants. Tinkering around the edges won't help; and (with all due respect) the legislation passed yesterday tinkers. Real reform is required if California hopes to build the supply necessary to keep pace with Silicon Valley and a high tech culture and tame the price spikes. If developers continue to have to navigate through a maze of a half a dozen--or more--state and local agencies, California's supply problems will continue, or worsen. California needs real, one-stop shopping and it needs it now.  On the retail price cap They don't work (we've already developed all the arguments, so I won't repeat them hear) The press has already reported that the measure the Legislature passed simply puts off the day of reckoning. It's like using your credit card--eventually they're going to knock on your door to collect. Now, families and businesses will have a hard time managing their budgets because they can't gauge the size of the balloon payment they'll face a couple of years down the road. So San Diegans who continue to take service from SDG&E will pay the same amount, but the cap will remove the powerful incentive prices create to use electricity wisely. There's a better answer: Instead of urging consumers not to switch, encourage customers to sign with another retail provider. Clearly, the biggest mistake California made was The press and decision makers should spend more time talking to folks who signed fixed price deals with companies like Enron.  But for the press reports, they hardly know there's a crisis. 
 FYI.  Per my voice message to you yesterday. 
 Distributed Power: The Next Big Investment?  With today's electricity demand expanding beyond the reach of available supply, and nationwide electric deregulation efforts providing inconsistent results, distributed power just may be the next big thing, according to Bear Stearns analyst Robert Winters.  With technology-laden, electricity-hungry companies popping up every time you turn around, and blackouts and brownouts occurring more frequently as large power grids are becoming less reliable, the analyst points towards distributed energy services as a possible solution, and maybe the "next big investment opportunity for the coming decade." In Winters' 250 page report, "Distributed Energy Services-The World's Power and Transportation Industries: Set for a Revolution-Part 2," he examines technologies and companies within the distributed energy services sector that might be able to take advantage of the current situation.  "Thanks to major technological advances and energy deregulation, a wave of new investment in the power industry has just begun. We believe that this coming era in the power industry could resemble the wave of investments which flooded into the telecommunications industry following the breakup of AT&T in the early 1980's," said Winters.  "Companies and municipalities need to find ways to ensure the availability of high quality, reliable power," added Winters. According to his research, microturbines are the best positioned of the "new" technologies that would be able to have an immediate impact on electric generation.  He based his recommendation on the fact that microturbines are small, quiet, efficient and very versatile. "They can be used as a main power source, a back-up power source or as an alternative when there is a spike in traditional energy prices," the analyst said. "Microturbines can also be used in remote locations, including developing countries, that do not have access to electricity." Another attractive feature of microturbines is their fuel requirements. The units often use natural gas, but can also use several other fuels as well.  In the study, the analyst also examined fuel cells, flywheel technology, and existing reciprocating engines technologies such as diesel engines and Stirling engines, which he noted are enjoying a comeback.  In addition to the report, Winters initiated coverage on two distributed energy companies. He labeled Active Power, a company that is pioneering flywheel technology, as a "buy" and Capstone Turbine Corp., a leading manufacturer of microturbines, as "attractive." The companies are in addition to two fuel cell companies he currently follows. Ballard Power is currently a buy, and Plug Power is rated neutral. 
 Thanks very much for the info, Hedy. 
 Folks:  As you recall from out meeting on Tuesday, we decided that I'd pull together a brief description of our key priorities and the actions underway to achieve them.  The status report will be updated weekly.  We'll use the weekly update as an important internal communication tool to keep folks abreast of activities and developments in CA.  It will also serve as a a tool to help identify the need to modify our priorities and/or actions in light of ever-changing circumstances.  We were going to try to get the first report out this week, but with the meeting in Houston, Sue's doctor appt and Karen's meetings with Marathon, we'll get the first one out Monday.  My notes suggest that (today's) key priorities---understanding that everything's subject to change on a daily basis---are: 1. ENA No refunds End wholesale price caps as soon as possible Get forward markets working in CA Expedite plant siting  2. EES No early roll of/maintain the rate freeze (till ~01/02) Maintain current PX credit framework (till ~01/02)  Please forward to me the actions underway and planned in the area for which you've been designated "lead."  Given how fluid things are, It seems prudent to limit "planned" items to those we've got planned for the next 2-4 weeks.  I'll compile for distribution by COB Monday.    My notes show the following leads:  Legislative--Sandi PR--Karen FERC-Sue PUC--Jeff/Sue Miscellaneous (e.g., AB 1890 "subcommittee)--Jeff  Also please let me know if my notes w.r.t. leads is consistent with yours.  Thanks very much and have a great weekend.  Best, Jeff 
 Rick, Jim, Harry:  You will have the first status report for California by COB on Monday.  We will update that report weekly. If there's anything you need between now and Monday, please let me know.  Have a good weekend.  Best, Jeff  FYI:  Yesterday, the California PUC rejected the utilities request to, among other things, raise rates and end the rate freeze.  The status quo prevails, at least for now. 
 Well, you two really raised the bar with that celebration.  It was just fantastic.  Prentice said it's the best birthday she's ever had.  Thanks so much for everything.  It was really neat. 
 The votes have been counted (kidding), and the call will take place today at 3 PM PST.  Call-in number to follow. 
 Could you please set up a call and distribute to this list?  Topic:  utility forward contracting proposal.  Time 3-4:30 pm PST.  Thanks very much. 
 Sounds very good.  Might be useful to get a "reputable" economist to write a paper that 1) describes traditional means for defining, identifying and mitigating market power, 2) compares those with the "new" means folks are coming up with these days,  and 3) comments on the "split" in the academic community over the issues.  When Steve Kean and I discussed the notion initially, thought it might be a good idea to gently "pile on" to the public discussion with the goal of making clear 1) just how complex this issue is and 2) how important it will be to have a thorough analysis (say, about 12+ months worth?) before rushing to judgment on anything Joskow might allege in his paper.  Thoughts?  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 12/11/2000 10:02 AM 
 I believe that on Thursday/Friday? you sent a note with some suggestions on proposed solutions.  Darned if I can find it.  Could you resend it?  Or, in the flurry of activity, am I mistaken, and the last dispatch I got from you was the note you sent on the 6th?  Apologies, Jeff 
 I've been buried.  What did we hear from FERC last week?  Was that from Larcamp's their visit to Houston? 
 I ain't forgot.  Your proposal is a "touchy" one, and let's just say that it's required some nimble dancing in the attempt to gauge where folks sit, if you get my drift.  I'm still on the case, however. 
 who's on so far? 
 Mon-Thurs:  SF Fri--Sacramento 
 Mike:  Please forward the letter to Jeff.  Jeff, we'll be signing the letter.  Look like something TW can sign.  Give me a ring when you get a chance to look at it.  Best, Jeff 
 Given the messy spot that SDG&E in particular and SoCalGas find themselves in due to what's happened to gas prices at the Cal border, it might not be a bad time to check in with our friend Neil Schmally (sp?) at Sempra to see how Enron might help? 
 In case folks haven't already heard through other sources, a reliable person told me that PG&E is hedged for core gas requirements:  financial--for 45% of core volumes at prices "in the single digits/decatherm" physical--for 15% of core volumes (via storage) at prices "less than the financial hedge"  SDG&E is naked.  SoCalGas is likely in the same boat as SDG&E, or worse, since they optioned core's storage gas to noncore customers, and, those customers are exercising. 
 You're a star.  I owe ya.  Next time you're in town, let me know in advance. Maybe we can have lunch or something.  Hope all is well.  Best, Jeff 
 OK. You and I are the last ones to get the info....Here it is. 
 Tim/Bob:  Attached is the letter that we sent to Lynch explaining the info we thought ought to be made publicly available.  We're discussing how we can ensure that the market has access to any and all information that FERC might use in its "investigation" so that independent analyses might be undertaken.  Is there anything in addition to the information we included in the letter to Lynch (or that is already be publicly available) that FERC might use in its investigation and that we ought to target for public release?  Thanks alot.  Best, Jeff 
 Some thoughts on the conference.  Best, Jeff 
 Good luck. 
 Only if it's not a bother.  You're very sweet to forward along.  You must feel GREAT being done! 
 can't wait.    Kathleen E Magruder@EES 12/11/2000 02:22 PM 
 Talked to Eric.  He'll give Kari a ring and pass along message.  Best, Jeff 
 Paul:  Here's additional info for the "curtailment" data that we're pulling together.  Utility Pricing for Core Gas Customers  Prior to the month in question, the utility forecasts gas prices based on NYMEX monthly prices.  So for example, based on November's forecast, the utility sets prices to be charged to core consumers in December.  When December's over, the utility compares forecast prices with actual prices.  If the forecast was too low, and there's an undercollection, the utility will increase January's price forecast by "just enough" to make up for the December undercollection.  If prices were too high and there's an overcollection, the utility will reduce January price forecast by just enough to refund the overcollection.  If the overcollection/undercollection is very large, the utilities have generally spread out the "true-up" over several months to avoid "rate shock" one way or the other.  However, under the current circumstances, the utilities may be less willing to spread it out, and may wish to recover the entire undercollection in the following month.  In short, there's at least a one-month lag in customer prices to account for differences in forecasts versus actual. 
 Refer such calls to Karen Denne in Houston.  Thanks.    George Waidelich@EES 12/11/2000 04:57 PM 
 I don't want to create an hassles. Don't feel like you have to get the thing all fixed up by Friday if it not's a cake walk.    "Eldon Sellers" <eldon@interx.net> 12/11/2000 05:32 PM Please respond to eldon 
 If all goes well, I'll have some info to distribute before the meeting regarding forward purchases.  I'll be ready to discuss it at the meeting, too. 
 Professor Berk:  Very interesting to hear the perspectives of a South African ex-pat last evening.  Today's been very hectic, but I'll get back to you on the possibility of having Enron sponsor internships for the financial engineering program. Until we've had a chance to talk, could you wait before forwarding my name along to anyone else in the fin eng group?  Much appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 Editorial/Opinion  Making it hot for deregulation Gregory Palast The New York Times  08/29/2000 The News & Observer Raleigh, NC  Final A11 (Copyright 2000)    PECONIC, N.Y. -- While reporters ogled celebrities at Barbra Streisand's bungalow during the Democratic Convention in Los Angeles, something important was being debated 100 miles to the south in San Diego, where there was a real display of populism. There politicians have enrolled 2 million citizens in a scary economic experiment. This year, San Diego became the first city in California to experience the end of state regulation of electricity prices. When California's lawmakers voted to bring the miracle of market competition to electricity, they wrote into the law that homeowners' bills would fall "by at least 20 percent." In fact, bills jumped 124 percent this August over last. Rather than repudiate this mad market experiment, the federal government and 24 other states have rushed to imitate California's lead.  Actually, Californians were lucky. Every hour of every day, San Diego Gas and Electric, the local utility, must now buy its electricity at a state auction known as a power pool. On the first hot day this summer, during the noonday heat, the companies that produce the power, newly deregulated, cranked up their bids to $9,999 per megawatt hour. That's about 5,000 percent more than the once- controlled price of $20, but it could have been worse. According to those inside the secretive auction agency, sellers assumed the pool's computers could handle only four-digit bids. In fact, the computers could have accepted bids for seven figures and bankrupted a chunk of the state in a day. One can trace California's electricity market plague largely to a single source, Daniel Fessler. In the early 1990s, Fessler, then president of the state's Public Utilities Commission, developed an infatuation with one of Margaret Thatcher's free-market ventures: the troubled England-Wales Power Pool. How strange. Britons pay about 70 percent more for electricity than Americans. That's hardly a surprise, as each day around tea time, when England's usage peaks, a small clique of power plant owners take over the electricity auction, bidding up prices by 200 percent to 2,000 percent. In the United States, utilities vowed they would play no such tricks if California removed the limits on profits that have been at the core of regulation policy for the past 100 years. The promise lasted several months, during which time five giant international electricity sellers - all new to California - imported the techniques they'd learned in Britain that were designed to manipulate the bidding process and in a single month produce profits once permitted for an entire year. The deregulation bug is now winging eastward. New York City, for example, has reportedly succumbed to 43 percent increases in Con Edison bills. But in San Diego, something extraordinary happened. This month, thousands joined an unprecedented consumers' boycott. The power companies can send out their bloated bills, but the tanned masses won't pay. Refuseniks include the Council of Churches, the school district and - without a hint of shame - Steve Peace, the state senator who sponsored the deregulation law. * * * The electricity fiasco should be a godsend for Al Gore's campaign. After all, it was Fessler and his fellow Republicans who threw California's consumers to the meager mercies of the marketplace. And Gov. George W. Bush pushed through deregulation in Texas, which is widely expected produce hefty returns for a former business partner, Sam Wyly, owner of the GreenMountain, a power seller. But while Gore spoke out in Los Angeles against "powerful forces," on this subject he's mum. No wonder: the Clinton-Gore administration still promotes California-style deregulation as a model for the nation. But someone's ready to feel California's pain, and it's not good news for Gore. During the Democrats' big show, Ralph Nader went to San Diego to remind boycotters that he was founding father of the Utility Consumer Action Network, the 46,000-member local group leading the anti-corporate uprising. Electricity is the first big U.S. industry formerly under the tight control of states to be opened up to international operators and their free market rules. For the first time, Americans feel the bite of real globalization, and we don't like it one bit. 
 Thanks---couldn't agree more on the "crisis here"/"need education" assessment.  The more we educate folks, the more they agree with our views and positions.    Karen Denne 12/11/2000 01:18 PM 
 bed situation is as follows:  everyone will be naked and in the same bed; your parents may excuse themselves if they wish.  i'll be there round 7:30. 
 That would work for me.  And presumably Rory and Co. could come then, too?    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 12/12/2000 10:06 AM 
 Can the deal bench presentation be distributed publicly?  I'd like to use it in the "subcommittee" meetings I mentioned last week as a means to a solution for California's reasonableness review morass.  Left a message with Kahn late last evening.  Haven't heard back yet.  Will let you know.  Best, Jeff 
 Frank's number at Luntz Research Companies is 703.358.0080.  For video info, ask Steve Kean.    Karen Denne 12/12/2000 10:52 AM 
 Will do. 
 did they bite (i.e., commerce one)?  i'm very excited.  you hear about the announcement this AM re: Ariba/IBM hooking up with Microsoft to create B2B software? 
 But Rory (who by the way is responsible for this mess!) now has decided that he'd like to do a Xmas "make up" on the 29th, which is smack dab in the middle of when we'll be up at the dome (tween xmas and new year's--hopefully you and eldon will join us so we can kick yer butts in spades).  so the 29th is very bad, as you can imagine.  if we could do the 24th, that would be great.  when's your plane leave on the 24th? 
 do surf shops rent wet suits?  you think i can rent one from live water? 
 yes.  do we have a call-in number yet? 
 Jennifer:  I got a call from Chris Bailey (sp?) needing a summary of California dereg for a presentation(s) that Harold's assembling.  Attached is summary that Mona pulled together for Harold a couple of months ago.  I don't have Chris' email address (I've left him a message).  Could you forward this along to him?  Thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff 
 yep.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 12/12/2000 11:52 AM 
 Sean:  305.5160 
 naked, all in one bed.  star doesn't need a bed.  prentice and i will need a bed (hey, it's her birthday!)  tom & karen are very iffy, but if they show, and stay overnight (iffy times two), then they'll need a bed.  that work? 
 For today's noon call.  when you open, answer "disable macros" to first prompt, and "no" to question about links.  there are three portfolio scenarios that i'd be happy to discuss very quickly during the call. 
 FYI.  As you know, we're attempting to find a solution to the "reasonable review" morrass that's impeding utility forward contracting.  For that effort, we've worked with the Portland desk to pull together some educational materials to use with a subset of California stakeholders that's trying to devise a solution to California's melt down.  The attached graphs show 3 scenarios for the state as a whole. 1) "do nothing" 2) for 60% of IOU short position, split the amount 50-50 and 1cover half the amount with 10-year  fixed priced power and the other half with 5-year fixed priced power. 3) create a portfolio with a) 25% of short position covered by 10-year fixed priced power, b) 20% of short position covered by 5-year fixed price power, c) 15% covered by 1-year fixed price power, d) 20% covered by May-Sept fixed-price power, and e) 15% from the PX.  The term of each scenario is 5 years.  Because each is priced off our our curves, the average price is roughly equivalent for each of the three portfolios.  However, the graph shows (as one would expect) that exposure to price volatility is significantly higher under scenario 1 compared to 2 and 3.  The goal is to use the illustrative scenarios to persuade the industry that in the short run (i.e., immediately) the utilities should be permitted to buy a modest amount of power under 5 and 10 terms, and those purchases (if undertaken using a "DealBench-like" tool) ought to be "per se" reasonable.  If anyone has questions about it, or would like to discuss further, give a call at 415.782.7822.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm faxing the final to you. 
 Agree that Enron shouldn't be the lead.  An economist should be the lead with a broad group of folks funding.  Seems funny that EPSA wouldn't have an interest in the debate over how market power is assessed and addressed.    James D Steffes 12/11/2000 10:27 PM 
 oh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  In the "big" house, sleeps 10---3 kings and 2 twins!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  In the "little" house, sleeps 6--2 queens and 1 trundle!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  anything else!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 12/12/2000 01:18 PM 
 Hi.  Got your message.  As you know, it's complete meltdown here, so I apologize for not having got back to you sooner.  I'll read and get back to you.  Deadline? 
 Leslie:  Looks good.  Just a couple of comments:  1. General May want to point out that the roots of California's current gas woes are the same ones causing the electric problem---combined effect of California's "import-based" energy policy and the state's failure to invest in in-state infrastructure.  California imports about 25% of its electricity, but about 80-90 percent of its gas supply.  California has failed to invest in the in-state infrastructure necessary to support increased gas demand over the last decade.  So we've got an interstate pipeline superhighway to the border and a dirt road of in-state transportation once you get into California. The last bullet seems to suggest that manipulation may be taking place.  Can we support that suggestion, and is it one that we want to make necessarily? If we do suggest that manipulation may in part explain current prices, do we need to propose ways to eliminate it?  Otherwise, seems that we may be giving FERC ammunition to take action without trying to "steer" that action in the right direction.  Maybe I'm reading too much into the bullet.  2. Specific Competition for gas coming to California has increased significantly.  The midwest (via Alliance) is competing away Canadian gas.  The Southwest (Nevada, Arizona) is competing away supply from the Southwest before it hits the California border.  Mary Hain@ECT 12/12/2000 11:58 AM 
 But if they kept Grace, they might have a winning season, and lord knows nobody wants that....    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 12/12/2000 03:32 PM 
 Thanks a bunch.  So how in the world did you find yourself standing in front of this tornado? 
 FYI.  EPSA and IEP will have a joint PR call tomorrow in case anyone would like to listen in. 
 He just can't help himself. 
 thanks very much. 
 math error.  big sleeps 8. little sleeps.  can you explain the panic about sleeping arrangements, and could you fill me in on what those arrangements are prior to sending the email out?    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 12/12/2000 03:52 PM 
 Could you please set up a conference call and send the information to the list below?  Please set it up for tomorrow, Wednesday, at 9 AM PDT, for one hour.  Thank you very much.  Jeff Dasovich/SFO/EES@EES, Steven J Kean/NA/Enron@Enron, James D Steffes/HOU/EES@EES, Rob Bradley/Corp/Enron@ENRON, mpalmer@enron.com, Karen Denne/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Mona L Petrochko/SFO/EES@EES, Susan J Mara/SFO/EES@EES, Paul Kaufman/PDX/ECT@ECT Dave Parquet, Samuel Wehn/HOU/ECT@ECT, Tim Belden/HOU/ECT@ECT, Sandra McCubbin/SFO/EES@EES 
 Looks fine to me to send around.  You want to send it?  Give a call when you get a chance to discuss. 
 That's the information that they sent me, copied from what they sent me. 
 8 (big) 6 (little). i assume "trundle" sleeps two.    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 12/12/2000 04:33 PM 
 Just met with the industry group trying to come up with a solution for California.  The group liked our portfolio approach. In sum:  A portfolio approach is the right long-term solution. In the short run, our illustrative portfolios show that the utilities ought to immediately fill a modest portion of their requirements via fixed-price, long term contracts, and those contracts should be found reasonable, up front, so long as the utility uses a competitive auction.  To stimulate discussion we proposed that the utility fill 5% of its net short position with 5-year, fixed-price contracts and 5% from 10-year, fixed-price contracts.  Everyone on the call liked the proposal.  After some discussion about whether 5%-5% was the right one, Edison agreed to come to Friday's meeting with its proposal for price/term/quantity that it ought to contract for immediately. (Edison may want the number to be higher, and the baskets to be different.)  Anything can happen between now and Friday, but thus far looks positive. Thanks to everyone for the help in getting the proposal together, Steve Swain in particular.  (Steve:  We may get asked to run a few more illustrative portfolios for the group.)  I'll report back on what happens at the meeting on Friday.  If there are any questions, etc., just let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 NRDC--Ralph CLECA--Barkovich/Booth CMA--McCrae PX--Flory Eve Elsesser Edison--Fielder Sempra Turn--Florio AES--Aaron Thomas (retail) Munis Smutney-IEP  Munis and Florio were not on the call today, but I suspect both will be OK with our proposal. 
 As we discussed, attached is a brief description of ENA's and EES' key goals in California and the actions underway to achieve them.  We'll update the status report weekly.  We hope that the weekly update will serve as a useful internal communication tool to keep folks abreast of activities and developments in CA.  It can also serve as a tool to help identify the need to modify our goals and/or actions as circumstances change.  Comments on the form and/or substance of the document and how we can make it more useful are welcome.  Best, Jeff 
 Joseph will set up the call and distribute to the list.    Rebecca W Cantrell@ECT 12/12/2000 06:56 PM 
 paul.  please leave the number on paul's voicemail since he's traveling. thanks a billion. 
 NRDC, TURN, Edison, Sempra, CLECA (large industrial), AES (formerly NEV), Munis, PX, CMA, Enron.  Though TURN and Munis, while not opposed, are posturing at this point as "noncommittal." 
 Apologies.  Forgot the subject of the meeting.  It's "Strategy for California." 
 Hmmmm.  The world is no longer safe, not even for we relics.  Well, I'l glad to know that at least one adult is involved. 
 yes, and we can discuss storage further if you like. 
 Being a true blue American, I support expansion.  If you get a free minute, can you give me a call to discuss.  My short answer is--no problem, looks good. 
 nada. 
 I'll get you my comments ASAP.  Has Shelley Corman seen it? 
 Kahn's secretary has left messages that he's "very tied up" and continues to try to contact me.  Suggests to me that they may be planning something and he's reluctant to contact folks.  I'll poke around. I thought our stock would go UP when an announcement about Skilling was made. I guess this means you'll be going to D.C. with Lay. 
 I was thinking that you might be able to bring a modicum of legitimacy to it....    Richard Shapiro 12/13/2000 10:49 AM 
 I was thinking that I should probably get another case of coastal.  1) What do you think?  2) Could you have one delivered?  I could pick it up. 
 Going to be an ugly four years.... 
 FYI.  I'm editing now and have several proposed edits.  Should be to you within 20 minutes. 
 I'm available. 
 I'm thinking we need two cases. 
 you got it. 
 My pleasure.  Thanks for the opportunity.  Good luck.  Between the US Supreme Court and the energy crisis, D.C. must be very interesting right about now. 
 Word on the street is that Davis, Hoecker and Richardson are meeting in D.C. today.  That consistent with what your hearing? 
 I'm on the EPSA/IEP call but doing a million things simultaneously.  Lynn's taking a big role on the call.  I think that you should check in with her afterwards to get a briefing since I'll be getting off for another call in the next 5 minutes. 
 please send the call-in number around for 1:30 call when you get.  kaufman's going to be on the call.  thanks, buddy. 
 Mark:  Did you have wind of Jason's story on Edison calling for an end to AB 1890?  His spin on the story was good one---Edison got everything it wanted (out of 1890) and now it wants out of the contract.  The story seems worthy of a response, particularly since Jason's the reporter.  Even the Chair of FERC recognizes that going backwards is not the answer.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks for keeping us in the loop.  Good luck. 
 I'm available at 8 am (do while you're driving?) and will make my schedule flexible in the afternoon. 
 That was painful. 
 I feel so useless.  Thanks so much for taking charge of this and doing such a fantastic job.  Are you in close contact with Martin and Doug? 
 Jeannie:  Apologies.  Though I'm sure it doesn't seem like it, I'm on the job.  I'll try to get the numbers and I'll read the piece now.  Best, Jeff 
 I was told that Lynch and Duque released press releases today saying that the Commission does not intend to let the utilities to go bankrupt.  Haven't been able to find any press releases on the CPUC website, however. 
 Professor Aceves:  Attached are a word and an excel file.  Both are formatted for easy print out.  Note that the excel file has two work sheets:  "balance sheet" and "income statement."  I'd be happy to provide you with a hard copy, too, if you would prefer a hard copy.  Just let me know.  Thanks for a great course.  All the best, Jeff 
 dome was cool.  studied, got some shit cleaned up (cut up logs, torn down deck, etc.), picked lots of apples from my trees!  they're so good.  made to apple pies with your folks last nite.  one's at your house--apples, too. picked some killer huckles--gave them to your mom.  dove for abalone---water was HORRIBLE, though.  ate it last nite.  one in your refrigerator.  got killed in the pool.  annie ate rat poison, had to drive to S.R. sunday nite; got back about midnight.  you know, same ol' shit.  you? 
 Mary:  FYI.  Ms Mara's back.  Please include her on everything, too.  Thanks a million.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi.  I'm hear in Houston---currently at Elizabeth's desk.  Do we have a number for Sue Nord and Scott to call into?  Or are we just going to call them from the conference room?  I'll come look for you later.  Best,' Jeff 
 You're welcome.  When would you like to talk re: Mr. Bray?  And please give me your number again---I've switched computers and gone to Windows 2000. What a bloody mess.  Best, Jeff 
 Here it is.  And I have JUST been informed that I have to be on a conference call tomorrow from 1-2.  Could we do our call at noon or 2 pm California time?  Sorry for the inconvenience.  Best, Jeff 
 You're a gem. 
 jackasses?  that might not be a word we'd want to use in emails that might, shall we say, get into unfriendly hands.... 
 Given that the hearing is Friday, we'll need to decide pretty quickly. Might be useful to discuss on a call first thing tomorrow AM?  We'll want to assure that our message is tracks consistently with message J. Skilling will be delivering this week and with other messages we'llbe delivering (e.g., FERC inquiry).  Also, attached are some messages that Jim distributed following a focus group conducted in Orange County. 
 Greetings:  As part of our final tariff filing, we need to submit "sample" forms for things like a Disconnect Notice, Sample Bill and New Service Orders.? Do we have any?  Have we had to file any elsewhere?  If not, do we want Bowen & Co. to "create" some for us to review, or do we prefer to find the right folks internal to EBS and create them internally?  Make sense to arrange a 15-30 minute call to discuss how to execute?  All opinions, views, etc. are encouraged and welcome.  Best, Jeff 
 Ain't seen the joint resolution, thought my in-box is a mess.  Did you send that around? 
 Could you please see if you can get a copy (electronic) preferably of this? Greatly appreciated. 
 done at 9:30.  can you pick me up.  i'd love it.  check your voicemail, too. i left a message there. 
 Jeff/Drew:  Been out all day.  Will get a copy.  I believe that Jeff's suspicions are dead on.  Given all the investigations regarding electricity "price spikes" in California, seems very likely that Edison feels the timing is right to push the gas issue.  Will confirm that it is targeted solely at El Paso and get back to you either way.  If there's anything else, just holler. Will keep you apprised of events as they occur.  Best, Jeff 
 I can wait a little bit.  But let's coordinate, OK? 
 glad to hear that you're back, generalissimo.  we will follow you up the hill.  seriously, though, you will start seeing/hearing from us quite soon., e.g., skilling's at the national press club this thursday. 
 Hi Darlin':  Thanks again for everything last night.  All kidding aside, I wish you all the best with your procedure tomorrow.  I'll be sending lots of positives vibes your way all day, and I'm sure we'll be up to see you this weekend.  Best, Jeff 
 No duplication.  With both of us trying to dig up a copy, we're sure to find one!  Best, Jeff 
 sorry, your mom kept the huckles. 
 Will do.    Drew Fossum@ENRON 09/05/2000 03:58 PM 
 I will check.  Good chance that I will be there, too.    Allison Navin@ENRON 09/05/2000 03:53 PM 
 call me at 415.505.6633.  thx, jeff d. 
 Jessie:  Steve Kean and I need to be at the following address on the 11th:  County Adminstration Center Building, 1600 Pacific Highway in San Diego.  Can you recommend a hotel that's near by and tolerable.  Much appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 My pleasure. Sounds like he's got a big job---glad that Enron can help.... 
 OK. 
 Getting you the info by the end of the week, or sooner, will not be a problem.    Michael Etringer@ECT  09/05/2000 03:37 PM 
 you might want to try using a landline phone, sweetie.  only 35 cents.  works great. 
 did you burn the man?  are we having lunch?  are you famous now? 
 i love you very much and miss you. 
 tomorrow is absolutely horrible for me.  let's talk in the am.  perhaps you and mona, sue and sandi can cover sans moi. 
 Haven't had a chance to read yet, but wanted to get to folks ASAP. - motion.doc 
 Everyone, meet everyone else's email address.  Thanks to one and all for the taking the time to discuss the issues.  Seems that the conensus is that the meeting was useful.  Have a great weekend.  Best, Jeff 
 don't apologize.  more interesting when your blood boils. 
 Jessie Knight, the CEO of the S.D. Chamber of Commerce recommends:  Stay at the hotel right here where the Chamber is located.  It is one of the best and a 5 minute taxi away for you.  It is called the Whyndham (on Broadway).    Allison Navin@ENRON 09/05/2000 03:53 PM 
 I'm on the phone with Jim now.  If you want to contact him, I'd wait 5-10 minutes and give him a call on his cell phone. 
 floated idea.  people like.  but.....(hate to sound like a broken record) the whole ball of wax from Enron's view regarding sponsorship, streaming, etc., will depend on the agenda/participants).  looking forward to the call.  i'll only have 60 minutes max, however, so counting on you to facilitate forcefully. 
 Lara:  I have rather hastily put this list together.  For that I apologize. Hope it is helpful.  The things on the list are ones that you've likely already considered.  Nevertheless, some of the issues we face in California include:  1. POWER PLANTS The utilities' subs are building power plants; competitors (like Enron) are also trying to develop plants to sell power into both wholesale and retail markets. The utilities control the interconnection of plants to the grid. The interconnection rules are currently so vague and ambiguous, that the utility could quite easily favor its generation sub over competitors. This would have an effect on prices at both the wholesale and retail level (i.e., how do we know we've gotten the best generation deal if the utility can favor its subs plants via interconnection?).  2. DISTRIBUTED GENERATION And the same goes for DG:  in California many are pointing to DG as a viable solution to the price spikes. If the utility loses sales because a customer has installed DG on her premises as a hedge against price spikes, the utility will have an incentive to thwart interconnection of the DG unit.  (Recall that in many places, recovery of distribution costs is derived from kwh sales; and if sales go down, so can recovery of the utilities' distribution-related costs). In addition, if someone attempts to install DG at the grid level (as opposed to on-site DG) and sell the DG power in wholesale and retail markets, the utility has the ability to frustrate the DG project via interconnection. This permits the utility to retain bundled service customers.  Utility control of DG Interconnection can also permit the utility to favor its DG subs.  3. INTERCONNECTION/VOLTAGE BUY-UP And the same goes for the retail level---remember how SDG&E used interconnection to thwart our deal with South West Marine in San Diego. (Obviously, we're not doing these deals any more, but the interconnection caused us ultimately to lose the commodity deal, too.)  4. TRADING PG&E and Sempra have developed significant trading units. Now that the utilities have been granted authority to buy outside the PX, the trading subs are getting more aggressive and vocal about the opportunity to sell the utility power via short and long term power contracts. Again, any sort of favoritism could do considerable harm to consumers and competition (through the shareholders of the utilities' parent would surely profit).  5. DISTRIBUTION In general, the utilities control over distribution is complete and it's a problem (see DG, above, for example). Shouldn't state and federal policy makers at least consider doing the equivalent of FERC Order 888 (i.e., open access) at the distribution level? Right now, distribution is a real black box.  6. RETAIL In California, the utility effectively controls customer sign-up, switching, information, and turn back.  The problems have been significant.  7. MARKET INSTITUTIONS Finally, a big mistake in California was to replace one monopoly--the utility--with another--the PX. Because the utility has been forced to buy from the PX, and because the market structure in California gives customers no incentive to switch, the utility continues to control the overwhelming majority of the load in California. This gives the utilities monopsony power.  With that power, they can influence PX prices. Solution:  1) Don't make the PX a monopoly. 2) Create a system that provides customers with the incentive to switch.  If you have any questions, or if there's anything else I can do to help, don't hesitate.  Best, Jeff 
 Plz see email.  Sent you info for u & Rick.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Kevin:  Got your message.  I will be at the FERC hearing on Tuesday.  You like me to fill you in on what transpires?  Best, Jeff 
 in conf. call hell.  can i fax for your review? 
 on its way.  plz review and call.  best, jeff 
 i expected as much.  and lunch? 
 off that call and on another.  will call your cell soon as this one's done. 
 will that's some good news.  thanks. 
 Sue Mara called from the ISO:  The Market Issues Committee rejected lowering the price cap from $250. The Market Issues Committe of the Board voted to extend the ISO price cap authority beyond October 15th, with no end date. ISO Board will vote on these issues tomorrow. 75% chance that the ISO Board will adopt the Issues Committe's recommendations. 
 pleasure's all mine.  anything else i can do, just holler. 
 EBS Update FERC Update (w/Sue) Congressional and FERC hearings in S.D. next week Gas Update     Joseph Alamo 09/06/2000 07:02 PM 
 As you know, I have great interest.  However, I've checked flight schedules to come out Tuesday night, and to put it mildly, it's very ugly.  Seems like alot to arrive in D.C. around 3 AM only to turn around and head back to the left coast the next day at 3-4 PM.  But I think the meeting should go ahead and take place anyway.  Is there any chance that Lisa could get a phone in your meeting room so that I could participate by conference call?  Sorry for the headache.  Let me know.  Thanks again for the chat this PM.  Best, Jeff 
 Great food for thought.  Thanks.  My only concern is timing.  Likely to be spending the balance of the week (tomorrow and Friday) on prep for the FERC/House subcomittee hearings. We can discuss further on the staff meeting call tomorrow. 
 FYI.  Under the settlement with SoCal, PG&E and countless others, Altra was going to provide the platform for the (unregulated) secondary markets in intrastate storage, capacity and imbalance trading rights.  Altra declined and SoCal and PG&E will now look for someone else to provide the service. 
 Thanks again. 
 Dear Ms Leisure:  If you're still tanning, and still up for lunch, I'm game.  Besides, I owe you a beer.  Let me know.  Don't work too hard,  Best, Jeff 
 ferget it.  i'm just as swamped.  i don't care if you've got a goddamed boyfriend and a busy job.  friday we're having coffee.  for 30 rotten minutes.  you name the place and the time.  hugs and kisses, jeff 
 Thanks, Sue.  Agreed.  Also, I met today with Bowen & Co. re: interconnection.  We have some decisions to make on that front, too, which will also require a bit of discussion.  Tracy, I'm sure that Scott's in Istanbul and Donald's in Marrakesh.  Could you try to track those two broadband cowboys down and see if we can set up a conference call for next Wedneday (hopefully, that's ample lead time)?  Finally, the draft final tariff (in strike-out-underline form) will be ready for review by COB Friday.  I'll email it around.  Hope all is well with all.  Best, Jeff 
 Please keep the following confidential.  Jessie Knight called.  Here's the latest.  Seems the Chamber of Commerce is going to launch a campaign with the following messages:  1) Deregulation must go forward, not back.  2) The transition will continue to be a bit bumpy.  3) The best option businesses and families have is to switch to an alternative service provider.  The Chamber has cut deals with ESPs (I didn't get all the details, but sounds like an exclusive) according to which the Chamber will aggregate customers and deliver them to the ESPs.  I believe that The New Power Company will be one of those ESPs.  Ray McNally's sister, who is one of our very satisfied rez customers in S.D., will appear at the press conference with the Chamber to announce the program.  They are attempting to launch the program and have the press conference this week.  The Chamber is also launching a program to educate S.D. politicians and business leaders on the benefits of retail choice and how to benefit from it.  The Chamber is still looking for a business customer to appear with them at the press conference. 
 just goe your email.  all go well?  415.782.7822. 
 Thanks.  We're on the same page.  Already notified folks.  But given the witch hunt, figured we'd sit back and let things run their course.     MBD <MDay@GMSSR.com> on 09/07/2000 12:03:27 PM 
 can you give me a call when you get a minute---415.782.7822.  Thanks a bunch. 
 Paul and Lysa:  I want to apologize in advance.  It now seems that FERC has realized that it has a biz meeting in D.C. on the 13th, which makes having a meeting in San Diego on the 12th somewhat difficult.  So, if FERC changes the date (again) and pushes the meeting back, I'll go to S.D. on the 11th to see Steve Kean testify and fly to D.C. on the evening of the 11th or morning of the 12th and attend Paul's meeting in person.  If they don't change the date and it stays on the 12th, I won't go to D.C. and will participate in Paul's meeting on the 12th in D.C. by phone.  I'll let you know what FERC decides, when it decides it.  Exasperatedly yours, Jeff 
 Looks good.  I vote yes. 
 Mona suggested that it would be a good idea to try to schedule a separate meeting to discuss rather than attempt to do it during our weekly staff meeting.  Let me know if this date works. 
 FYI. 
 would seem useful if we all contribute in some manner, but i'm open to suggestions.  perhaps we could divvy up the questions. 
 I'll be in S.D. on Monday to watch.  What time do you go on? 
 Ariba Hits Some Speed Bumps on the Fast-Growth Highway By Joe Bousquin Staff Reporter 9/7/00 3:21 PM ET URL: http://www.thestreet.com/tech/internet/1070107.html  SAN FRANCISCO -- In a sign that the business-to-business software game is tough even when you're on top, Ariba (ARBA:Nasdaq) has been running into problems this summer, both at home and abroad. Ariba told analysts and investors at a private breakout session here Tuesday at the Robertson Stephens Internet Conference that its business in Europe this summer has been "soft," according to Eric Upin, an analyst at the firm. And at home, analysts are starting to talk about problems the company has had integrating its Tradex software into its own and customers' systems. An Ariba spokeswoman didn't immediately return a call seeking a comment. The challenges Ariba is facing illustrate how difficult it can be to stay ahead of the game in an emerging industry, even for one of its most aggressive leaders. And they come at a time when its main competitor, Commerce One (CMRC:Nasdaq), is gaining momentum in key markets -- including Europe -- through its partnership with German software maker SAP (SAP:NYSE ADR). Upin, who rates Ariba a buy and lists the company as one of his top B2B picks, says the new concerns have to be taken in context. (His firm hasn't performed underwriting for the company.) "Ariba's just getting ramped up in Europe, and Europe's slow during the summer. It's a tiny part of their business," Upin said. "But there was concern because Ariba was saying that business was soft [in Europe] in August." That concern has been reflected in Ariba's stock, which is trading just under $162, off from its Sept. 1 close of $166.25. It fell 6.1% Wednesday after the breakout session, though it's up about 3% Thursday. With the stock trading at more than 70 times next year's projected sales, it's priced to perfection. Ariba's softness in Europe comes at a time when Commerce One has been making strides there. Its partnership with SAP has resulted in six new customers so far. Commerce One also announced a joint marketing and sales alliance with Intershop, another German software maker, on Thursday. At home, Ariba has been encountering problems in integrating its Tradex software, which enables users to participate in auctions over the Internet, into its customers' systems, as well as into its own software platform. Ian Toll, an analyst at Credit Suisse First Boston, says those problems shouldn't be viewed as too much of an impediment for Ariba. But they do illustrate the complexities of building software that is designed to do everything from manage back-office accounting systems to trade real-time with outside partners. "Implementation has certainly been a concern with Tradex," Toll said. "Certain Tradex customers have highlighted what appear to be longer time lines than they had hoped for. But I think that's true across competing vendors as well." (Toll rates Ariba a buy, and his firm hasn't done underwriting for the company.) While Ariba issued a news release Thursday crowing about how drugstore operator CVS (CVS:NYSE) recently went live on its Ariba Buyer software in just 60 days, observers say that getting Tradex installed and working is taking closer to six months. In the hard-charging world of B2B, that's an eternity. Ariba completed its acquisition of Tradex in March. Ariba has hailed the acquisition as one that gives it best-of-breed auction capability, which it would integrate into its own suite of software products. But competitors, most notably Oracle (ORCL:Nasdaq), pooh-poohed the deal, saying that stringing together complex technologies through acquisitions is easier said than done. And in its most recent quarterly results release, when it reported record revenue of $80.7 million that was backed up by $153 million in deferred revenue, the company cautioned that integration of Tradex could be a stumbling point. In the release's boilerplate section that noted that actual results could differ from projections, Ariba said those differences could result from, among other things, "difficulties in assimilating companies recently acquired, including Tradex." Despite the problems, though, analysts are still positive on the company. "Ariba could be the next Oracle," Robbie Stephens' Upin said. "And there were quarters when Oracle promised and didn't deliver or it missed altogether. But even for an Ariba, there will be those bumps along the road." But as competition increases in the B2B sector, those bumps are getting more pronounced. 
 Looks like I won't be going to Washington, but I will participate in the strategy meeting by phone on the 12th.     "Mary Hain" <Mary.Hain@enron.com> on 09/07/2000 07:15:55 PM 
 Folks:  My apologies in advance if I vent somewhat.  Briefly, some of you know that I attended Berkeley's Policy School.  I have been very closely involved with the conference Severin describes in his note to Littlechild.  I have been working to try to establish a joint venture between the policy and business schools at Berkeley to hold an "energy summit," where national and international energy leaders would converge on California (under the auspices of UC Berkeley) to talk energy policy.  Jim Steffes has helped a lot in brainstorming the idea.  In short,, our goal was to have a group of prominent folks squarely refute the extremely retrograde notions of "turn the clock back" that the Governor of California's two most recent appointees have been articulating at every opportunity over the past several months, and re-seize the agenda in California. The "energy heads of state" at the summit would come up with solutions for going forward.  The concept (and invitees) that Severin describes is loosely based on proposals I have made to the "steering committee."  However, for reasons I won't bore you with in this note, the effort has frankly turned into a fiasco.  I notified the group this week that Enron would not be participating, that they should go forward with the conference without us, and that I would help somewhat (contacts, etc.) when (and if) they ever came to agreement on the agenda and particpants.  From my perspective, the effort turned out to be a rather big disappointment.  I urge us not to get involved or contribute $$s.  At this juncture I would recommend against having Ken Lay participate.  Depending on how the thing shapes up, we may  or may not want to have someone at a substantially lower level participate, but I'm pessimistic at this point.  If anyone would like to discuss my reasons in more detail, I'd be happy to discuss.  I still think the idea of an energy summit is very promising.  But the forum that these folks are creating ain't the right one.  Best, Jeff 
 Rick:  Thanks very much. 
 Thanks very much. 
 Thanks, Cynthia.  Extreme rhetoric likely from Ms Lynch, CPUC Prez, UCAN and Sempra chief (Steve Baum).  Rest of panel looking pretty good.  Might be useful to let Smutney do at least the lion's share of the "responding" to Ms Lynch's and Mr. Baum's rabid attacks on generators.  Smutney's had a lot of practice in the last couple of months and he's close to the issue.  But, of course, a few well placed jabs, couldn't hurt....    Cynthia Sandherr@ENRON 09/08/2000 12:23 PM 
 I do plan on accompanying Steve.  Steve, you want me to bring the copies.  Be glad to.  What time does the party start?    Cynthia Sandherr@ENRON 09/08/2000 12:38 PM 
 Attached are the draft message points.  As always, all comments, suggestions, etc. are encouraged and welcome.  I have five minutes.  Consequently, based on what other panelists say, and general tenor of the hearing, may end up emphasizing some points more and others less in opening, and use any Q & A to round things out.  Joe/Mary:  any final word on format/participants?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Do we know what time the party starts? 
 i'll call my folks right now. 
 just remembered that my folks are in connecticutt.  if you want to go to the game, i'll go with you.  can you call me (from a land line phone)? 
 John/Gia:  You asked that we attempt to evaluate our activities.  Working with TW, I've valued this one.  The California Commission ruled that the "Hector Road" natural gas recent point in California ought to be made a primary receipt point.  This would have had the effect of TW losing access right to 200 MMcf/d of capacity at SoCalGas' Needles receipt point.  Best case scenario:  Under SFV rates, loss to TW is commodity rates (wash) and the fuel margin.  TW calculates the fuel margin to be $5.8MM/yr.  Bad case:  If shippers on TW try to make the case that TW is at fault for losing the primary access rights, then TW is at risk for the demand component of the contracts associated with the 200 MMcf/d.  TW calculates the demand charges loss to be $16.5 MM/yr.  Worse case:  In addition to actual damages listed above, shippers face performance penalties and other contractual damages (from their customers) and they try to pass those costs on to TW.  I discussions with TW, we concluded that the most likely case fell between "best" and "bad," somewhere in the $12-15MM/yr range.  TW believes that without the assistance of CA Gov't Affairs in the case, the $12-15 MM/yr would have been lost.  Be happy to discuss with you further.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm working on my assistant's computer, who has sharing rights to my email. How's it going? 
 arrive S.D. Sunday nite.  staying at wyndahm on Broadway.  Breakfast? 
 Hey, sounds like life in Bay Watch is treating you well.  Glad to hear you've got some classes--8 units?  You really are a bit of a Type A+.  Week after next would be best for lunch.  Next week is completely nuts.  I may miss both Monday and Tuesday.  Happy hour is a great idea.  I think it's your turn to organize.  Have a super weekend  (I've caught a cold, and haven't cracked a book since school started, so looks like I'll be buried in books all weekend).  Best, Jeff  P.S.  "Sent by Joseph Alamo" because my computer has completely died, and I'm using my assistant's computer. 
 Hi.  I'm going to forward you a bunch of stuff, starting with this.  Hope you and yours are doing well.  Best, Jeff 
 Monday--S.D. at congressional hearing w/S. Kean Tuesday--S.D. appearing at FERC hearing Wed--In office Thur--In office--Meeting with LECG re: study on competition v. command and control Frid--In office 
 Greetings folks.  We should decide how we want to handle.  One thing I'm not clear on and that I couldn't find in the syllabus is, what's the format for the write up?  If we're called on to discuss, do we simply discuss orally, some sort of simplistic PP slides, spreadsheets, other?  Anyway to discuss between now and Monday, or do we want to just take Dylan up on his offer?  Best, Jeff 
 If there's other stuff you need, or if you'd like to discuss, don't hesitate.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings.  Kim's stuff looks pretty good to me.  There's a pretty high likelihood though that I won't be in class Monday or Tuesday either.  That means I can't turn in whatever it is we're turning in tomorrow (if I sound clueless, it might be because he ran out of handouts in the first class describing how the cases would work, and there's nothing posted on the site--apologies).  I can do the write-up for next week. 
 Thanks, Dylan.  In the event I can't make to either class, I'm available Wed and Thur evening to discuss the next case.  And as I mentioned, I'd be happy to write that one up.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks very much.  Now I just need to get the workspace view I had before you had to re-install notes.  Best, Jeff 
 I think the answer to #1 is:  as much as possible, but I'm not altogether certain--pretty sure that our preference would be to use our own internal construction folks as much as possible.  Answer to #2 would be very interesting; I don't know the answer, but I'm sure that it's tightly linked to the answer to #1.  I think you might want to start with Shelly Corman to find the right contact for the pipeline constructions.  I leave for S.D. tonite.  I'll give you updates as the day transpires tomorrow.  Best, Jeff 
 Didn't receive your attachements.  Only got the ones Kim had already sent. Did you just modify those, or create a new document? 
 I'd say, "What next?", but I'm afraid to ask.... Regarding our California strategy, preventing the merger would seem to be right up there with "end the price caps" in our list of priorities.  At today's FERC hearing, a hair-brained consumer advocate called for merging the PX and the ISO.  During the panel I was on, I made the point that a merger would make California's problems worse than they are today.  The FERC Commissioners seemed somewhat responsive to my concerns. P.S. After the panel, Heber lobbied me hard to support transcos. DJ Freeman Sees Cal/ISO, PX Merger, Lower Price Cap Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.  By Jason Leopold Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES SAN DIEGO (Dow Jones) -- David Freeman, seen a likely replacement for Marcie Edwards on the board of governors of the California Independent System Operator, said his first order of business would be to try and merge the ISO and the California Power Exchange. Edwards resigned her post on the ISO Thursday. An informal consensus among the board has already approved his membership. Freeman told Dow Jones Newswires that the $250 per megawatthour wholesale power price cap in California is too high, and that he would like to see it reduced below $100/MWh. "I think my role (on the board) will help the state solve it's serious generation shortage problem," Freeman said. Some market participants said Freeman is expected to run for chair of the ISO's board of governors, a seat currently held by Jan Smutny-Jones. The Los Angeles Department of Water and Power has this summer been able to sell the ISO power in the real time market, and make a great profit for itself in return. By Jason Leopold (323)658-3874. 
 Apologies.  I invariably leave someone of the damned list. 
 Jim:  After today's hearing, I think you're note is dead on.  Let's talk. I'm in the office tomorrow.  Miss seeing you all in D.C.  Best, Jeff 
 Hey darlin'.  How are you?  Bet NYC is mighty nice this time of year.  Hope to get there real soon.  Best to you and your better half, Jeff 
 Can we talk before you bring it up with SoCal?  Very interesting about Herr Cherry.  Hadn't heard.  I'm coming out soon to see you guys. 
 It would be great to get Bryson. 
 sit tight.     MBD <MDay@GMSSR.com> on 09/12/2000 02:03:16 PM 
 I don't have the name of the CFO at Sempra, though I'm sure he's on their website.  If not, let me know. 
 Thanks, Jim.  We'll monitor.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, Ron.  Greatly appreciated.  For my part, please feel free to forward along any articles.  Best, Jeff 
 I can be on the call.  Please let me know if you get this, since I've been having severe email problems.  Thanks.   Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Kahn's heading up the "power plant streamlining" task force.  At yesterday's FERC hearing, Mike was put in the position of reading word for word a statement by the governor (even had to read it in the first person). Awkward to say the least.  And Mike wasn't prepared at all to answer the questions he got on the statement from the FERC commissioners, particularly from Heber.  "I don't know" came up a lot. 
 Never mentioned the CFO.  Let's discuss further.  I can get you in. 
 FYI.  Please take a look.  I would not be inclined to sign the letter. Thoughts?  Best, Jeff 
 See page 46 of the PDF file, Article 10 "nonutility power providers."  that's where sec. 390 is. 
 Not a problem, Jimmie.  About this week's case.  Been travelling.  I'm back. Kim:  in your absence on Monday, we talked a little about how to proceed on the next case.  How's this sound:  everyone takes a question.  If the answer to one question depends on the answer to another, the folks doing those questions should get together and discuss.  Everyone should distribute to the team a draft of the answer to the question by tomorrow (Thursday) night. Then folks could look at the responses, make suggestions, comments, etc. and distribute via email by Noon on Saturday.  I'll then compile in a form that we can submit on Monday.  Thoughts?  I have randomly selected questions:  here are the results.  Jeff--#3; Jimmie--#1; Kim--#2; Dylan--#4.  If folks are comfortable with this distribution, let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Looks good.  Couple of proposed edits. 
 Covisint Running Out of Excuses to Deliver on Its B2B Promise By Joe Bousquin Staff Reporter 9/13/00 9:09 AM ET URL: http://www.thestreet.com/tech/internet/1076377.html Uh-oh. Covisint can't blame it on the government anymore. When word came Monday that the Federal Trade Commission had green-lighted the Big Three automakers' Internet exchange, the business-to-business world breathed a collective sigh of relief. That huge cloud of uncertainty, known as government intervention, had been lifted. Which means Covisint can't blame its state of disarray on the policy wonks anymore. Instead, the company will have to execute on its B2B promise -- soon -- for positive momentum to continue in the B2B sector. The influence of the mega exchange, in which Ford (F:NYSE), General Motors (GM:NYSE) and DaimlerChrysler (DCX:NYSE) plan to buy materials and supplies on the Internet, has already affected the performance of business-to-business stocks. Just look at Commerce One (CMRC:Nasdaq) on Monday, when Covisint's FTC clearance was made public. It shot up $3.75, or 5.3%, to close at $75.13, though it had traded as high as $78.13. But Tuesday, after the initial impact of Covisint's clearance had waned, so did Commerce One's stock price. It closed down $6, or 8%, at $69.12. Similarly, when the antitrust issues started creeping onto the B2B scene, and the government made known that it was looking at the exchange over antitrust concerns, B2B stocks swooned. Now, going forward, how Covisint executes on making B2B a reality, and not just the substance of a press release, will surely play itself out on B2B stocks. Right now, though, the company's prospect for swift and flawless execution of its vision doesn't look good. It hasn't named a CEO. It hasn't finalized yet where its headquarters will be. And perhaps most important, it has yet to hammer out exactly what technology it will run on. "Covisint doesn't have a crutch or an excuse anymore," says Scott Crompton, vice president for global automotive practices at consultant SeraNova. "Before, they could lean on the FTC as to why they weren't going forward, but now, they're going to have to show some meaningful progress." To date, there has been anything but. In its first few months, the company stumbled about nameless, until Covisint was decided upon. That moniker, which is meant to evoke the ideals of communication, vision and integration, instead elicited visions of corporate wonks sitting around a triangular table white-boarding their separate goals. All the while, the company had four interim co-CEOs and two competing technologies to run on. Because Oracle (ORCL:Nasdaq) had worked with Ford and Commerce One with GM before Covisint was announced, the two software firms were both brought into the deal. But ever since then, speculation has run rampant over whether one firm would push the other out of the picture. On Monday, Commerce One's CEO told TheStreet.com that the technology question still hadn't been settled, even if the FTC's antitrust ones had. Combine all those things and what you've got is the picture of a joint venture between three highly competitive companies that's going nowhere fast. Or, as Crompton puts it, Covisint is "three different companies, two different technologies and everyone talking about whether there's a lot of arguing and infighting." But Covisint's already come up with someone else to blame. Now that the FTC has passed, the company says that it's waiting for approval from the Bundeskartellamt, or the German equivalent to the FTC. Covisint insists it can't even begin operations in the U.S. until it gets the go-ahead from that agency. "If you were a supplier and I was a manufacturer, both located in San Francisco, we could not do business because the Bundeskartellamt still holds this control over Covisint," says Thomas Hill, a Covisint spokesman. "Everyone at Covisint is anxious to start this business. Once the Bundeskartellamt gives its blessing, we expect to see Covisint up and running in 30 days." Hill concedes that might sound like another excuse for justifying its lack of actual operations. "Sure, that might seem like another convenient excuse to delay a launch," Hill said. "I would say if people could work 25 hours a day to get this done, they would. ... Everyone at Covisint is focused on launching in a really timely fashion." The company hasn't settled on a headquarters, in part, because it expects its yet-to-be-named CEO to have some input into that decision. And as far as that CEO goes, Covisint is still looking for one. Again, Hill said it was hard to fill the spot when the FTC was probing the endeavor because of the uncertainty that it brought with it. "If you're a CEO, why would you leave your current job and take the Covisint job before the FTC approved it?" Hill offered. "And on the other hand, if you're the FTC and you see the company you're reviewing hiring people, that might make you look a little more closely at what they're doing." Both good points. But the fact remains that Covisint still has a lot more work to do to get up and running, and these kinds of challenges tend to take more time than expected, not less. And if those challenges become problems for the company, the company could become a problem for the entire B2B sector, as investors realize all over again how hard it will be to make B2B work. So the FTC's approval, while good for the ideal of B2B in general, might have come a bit early for Covisint and the public B2B companies now trying to show real results going forward. "My perspective is that this approval from the FTC is very important for the industry as a whole, but it shouldn't be a suggestion that Covisint has anything wonderful in the works," says Ben Smith, a consultant with A.T. Kearney. (His firm is a subsidiary of EDS, which formerly was a part of General Motors.) "Now we can move on to execution. But this doesn't suggest that Covisint has moved to that stage." Which means investors in B2B should watch the performance of this exchange closely. 
 Forgive the length, but it was a long couple of days.  Apologies in advance, since I'm sure I've missed something.  Hopefully, it hits the highlights and gives a good flavor.  Please foreward to anyone I've inadvertently missed. Don't hesitate to contact me if you have any questions.  Best, Jeff 
 monday--in office tuesday--in office wednesday--in office thurs--vacation fri.--vacation     Joseph Alamo 08/25/2000 12:25 PM 
 Thanks for the update.  Just want to add that 1) if we're uneasy about wearing the full requirements risk, then focusing on offering a purely wholesale deal can still be very attractive, given SDG&E's blunders w.r.t. procurment wholesale power on behalf of its customers.  And 2) the CPUC has been beat up pretty well for tying the IOUs hands in attempting to hedge, so they'll be subject to a considerable amount of pressure to pre-approve if a deal is offered that can be show to shield San Diegans from volatility and that looks"attractive."  Appreciate being kept in the loop on the details.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks. 
 plz call when you can.  thanks, jeff  415.782.7822. 
 The CPUC can do it it it wants---it's a decision about risk and reward.  If the CPUC wants to set up a mechanism by which pre-approval is permitted, it can do so.  Here's the catch, pre-approval means that the IOU has to be willing (generally) to accept a bit more risk.  They don't like that.  The CPUC has to be willing to relinquish a bit of control---this Commission definitely doesn't like that idea.  So often, the utility puts up a proposal that the Commission says places to much risk with granny.  The CPUC often issues a decision in response that the utility claims leaves to much control (read "second-guessing") with the Commission (and therefore leaves to much risk with the utility).  In the end, the utility often "declines" the Commission's offer.  However, it can be done.  For example, under California's restructuring law, the utility's purchases from the PX are just and reasonable, period.   (Of course, we see where the incentive built into that mechanism got us--a debacle.)  Do you have PG&E's and Edison's proposals filed regarding bilaterals some weeks ago, in which they propose certain pre-approval mechanisms?  The Commission didn't adopt them wholesale, and the decision has made PG&E and Edison reticent to sign any such as a result---witness the unfruitful RFPs.  This at all helpful? 
 Honey, I really want to come, but my homework is due to my group tonite and I haven't even started it.  I love you tons and hope you understand.  Please call your mom.  She was a pain on the phone today, saying there's no need to remove the stumps at the dome.  Jeff's willing to do ALL THREE for $350.  It's just ridiculous and I am having a hard time haggling anymore.  I love you tons.  And if you want to talk more about dinner, please call me.  I'm sorry, but there's just too darned much to do.  (I think my cold's getting worse, not better.  :(   xoxoxoxoxox 
 thanks very much for the info.  certainly makes it interesting.  how's things?  P.S. do you know that edison at the FERC hearing said that it hedged $30MM and made a whopping $415 MM!!!  Are they gouging San Diegans?  Are they "gaming" the system?  Inquiring minds want to know.  You may want to check in with Smutney when Edison made the statement.  There may be nothing to it, but it might be interesting to check into.  Is Edison one of those "profiteers" who ought to give San Diegans a refund? 
 10 AM works for me. 
 Needs to know before your parents leave for Mexico, which is tomorrow, unfortunately.  I guess I'll be at my house.  You want to stay there, or you want to stay at your place?  Either way's OK with me. 
 FYI.  In case you're interested. 
 Thanks very much to all for your assistance.  Is it possible to get some idea of exactly what the amount to be refunded is?  Thanks so much again for your help.  Best, Jeff 
 Who are John and Kittina?  Who are the others you've invited?  What's the occasion?  When's your anniversary?  Why is there a foie gras shortage? 
 Good points, Chris, and well taken.  The PUC Commisisoners took some heat for their heavy-handed approach at hearings held by Congress on Monday and FERC on Tuesday.  I think those hearings may have loosened things the Commission up at least somewhat, though finding a balance between Commission willingness to grant pre-approval and utility willingness to wear some risk in exchange won't be a cakewalk.  We need to remind the Commission that they gave 100 % pre-approved reasonableness for purchases from the PX, and that pre-approval for other purchases is necessary.  That said, I concur that it ain't a gimmee.  Best, Jeff 
 Not a problem.  the schedule was only a suggestion.  work it in when you can.  and if you get totally fried, just say so, and we can take on the question. 
 3 words:  steffes, steffes, steffes 
 i love you.  thanks for being so sweet. 
 Recognizing the time constraints you face, I've tried to 1) clear up a few inaccuracies and 2) massage some of the sharper language without taking a chainsaw to the otherwise good job. 
 How long you going for?  I'm jealous. 
 Might have perhaps been simpler if Bill "Al Haig" Richardson had announced at the press conference yesterday that he was ordering his energy company, BPA, to stop "withholding" and send power to California.    Cynthia Sandherr 12/14/2000 10:37 AM 
 Can you believe this? 
 Ralph:  No one else had any problems with it.  It's a simply Excel file that should show graphs with 3 "portfolio scenarios."  Would you like me to fax to you, or bring copies to tomorrow's meeting? 
 Sue, Sandi, Paul:  Let's try to discuss and collect any comments we have this afternoon at our weekly staff meeting. 
 Thanks.  The hearings were tiresome, but hanging out with you and Steve was a real treat.  Hope to do it again soon.  You probably noticed that, in my summary, I made no mention of the shoes that I was wearing.....  Best, Jeff 
 apologies.  could you resend me the id and password to get into EOL.  thanks a bunch. 
 Professor Aceves:  Could you let me know that you received the final exam files that I sent last nite?  I'll sleep easier knowing that you've received them and that they're not floating around somewhere in cyberspace.  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 Sorry.  Been a bit crazy around here.  Thanks for the note, and thank you for doing such a good job at driving this process.  My thoughts on your proposal (and these are very preliminary):  1) politicians may not be willing to go as high as 25% for fear of being accused of a "utility bailout"--maybe 10-15%? though utility solvency may force their hands.  2) TURN will go ape-#%#$ if we make the "roll off" retroactive to October.  3) I'm willing to allow utilities to collect TRA undercollections, but feel that customers and utilities (not me) need to figure out precisely what that number is.  Look forward to getting closure tomorrow, though I'm very concerned that we've lost Edison, given Bryson's public calls to return to 1950.  Best, Jeff    Evelyn Kahl Elsesser <eke@aelaw.com> 12/12/2000 06:57 PM 
 Actually, please keep doing this, but send them only to Miyung Buster and ask that they be included in the group of articles sent out to everyone twice a day.  Miyung's in charge of compiling and distributing such articles on a twice-a-day basis.  Thanks a bunch. 
 Glad to hear that you're on the distribution.  I think it's vital that you attend.  It's a centrist group that's making a lot of progress.  But chances for success will be greatly diminished without PG&E's participation.  Best, Jeff 
 P.S. If you're responsible for getting Dan there, you're a genius.  I've written Dan a note telling him that it's absolutely critical that he be there.  Maybe you could ask the other folks on the distribution to urge Dan to come, too.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Kari:  I know that you and I are both swamped, so I'm writing very briefly to give you a brief update.  But first, thank you very much again for meeting last week.  Greatly appreciated, and look forward to working together to help in any way I can to find solution that is acceptable to all. Here's the update:  Our "subcommitte" is meeting tomorrow to try to close the deal on a proposed solution.  It focuses on 3 key areas:  Using the utilities retained assets to moderate prices. Designing a framework for forward contracting that strikes a much more appropriate balance in CA between state oversight and the need for utility flexibility. Rate stabilization/Undercollections (utility solvency)  I will update you tomorrow on the group's progress.  If thing's go according to plan, we may be in a position to submit something to you a early as Monday.  If there's a deadline from your end that I ought to be aware of, let me know and I'll incorporate it into the subcommittee's work plan.  In the meantime, if there is anything at all that I can do to help, please don't hesitiate to contact me.  Thanks again and all the best, Jeff 
 who the hell is this bozo? 
 you forward this to wolfe, belden & co.? 
 now i'm really jealous.  let me see what i can muster up for you on tuscany. o, jealous am I. 
 I think we need to be careful about broadcasting every rumor floating around to an email list of this size.  Just a thought.    Mary Hain@ECT 12/14/2000 02:51 PM 
 no problem.  we're cancelling the meeting.    Sandra McCubbin 12/14/2000 02:51 PM 
 FYI.  Here's the release that I referenced yesterday evening. ?          CONTACT:  Armando Rend?n December 13, 2000 CPUC: 103 ? 415-703-1366  abr@cpuc.ca.gov ?  CPUC PRESIDENT LYNCH AND COMMISSIONER DUQUE STATEMENT California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) President Loretta Lynch and Commissioner Henry Duque today issued a statement regarding revisions to item 8 on the Commissioner agenda of December 21, 2000: We note certain revisions to the Commission's published agenda for December 21st. Item 8 has been revised to reflect the scope of options available to the Commission in addressing current financial conditions facing Pacific Gas and Electric and Southern California Edison. The financial problems faced by California's utilities are the result of the failure of the wholesale electric market to ensure just and reasonable prices for this necessity. The Commission need not act on this agenda item on December 21st, but the fact that it is on our agenda allows the Commission to act if necessary. The financial stability of California's utilities is of paramount importance to California, and to this Commission. The CPUC stands ready to act to protect the financial viability of California utilities. The exorbitant and unjustified prices now being charged in California's electricity market demonstrate the necessity for the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) to intervene and control the opportunism of the electricity sellers. FERC must act to solve the underlying market failure so that all energy consumers are assured of reliable delivery of power and protected from exorbitant energy costs. We urge FERC to act immediately. For information on this item, please contact Harriett Burt, Deputy Chief of Staff for Loretta Lynch at 415-703- 2444, Mary Lou Tousey, 415-703-2593, or Commissioner Carl Wood, 415-703- 2440. ### 
 you will be on call, correct? 
 Since I'm in S.F., I assume that I'll be able to call in by phone? 
 Jeannie:  there are currently  8,300 MWs worth of applications submitted and awaiting approval for construction from the CEC. 
 get rid of him. 
 And the same to you.  Sorry you didn't make to have a beer after the final. See you at MPAR in January.  Have fun catching up on your sleep and laying around a little bit.  Best, Jeff 
 Only the presidential election was more bizarre!  I have my fingers crossed that a Republican administration will help.  In any case, it's a welcome change of pace.  Hope you're well out there.  Best, Jeff 
 Here are some suggestions for the op-ed piece.  One general comment:  It may be a bit lengthy at this point.  Also, have we decided whether it would be our op-ed piece?  And one key point that is very commercially sensitive:  The term "end the rate freeze" has very ominous implications for EES's book, depending on the timing of any such "end" in California.  Thus my heavy-handed edits on that portion.  Nice job, Jeannie.  Best, Jeff 
 can you talk to sandi?  she's on vacation beginning on monday.  the idea wa= s=20 that she and i should get together before she left (based on the call we ha= d=20 where Rick and Paul put the ball in my and sandi's court to coordinate the= =20 strategy).  she suggested that it would also be a good idea to grab whoever= =20 was here tomorrow, too.  it's really just a prelim meeting to discuss the= =20 note that sandi sent around and for me to bounce a few ideas off of her. = =20 we'll be having many, many more, and nothing discussed in tomorrow's "kick= =20 off" will set anything in stone.  that said, if you prefer that we wait,=20 that's ok with me. 
 Attached is a letter that we worked on today and that will be sent to the Governor, CA's US Senators (Boxer/Feinstein), congressional folks, and key Cal state legislators.  It's going out first thing tomorrow AM.  It builds on many of the things we've discussed over the past several months, so there shouldn't be any surprises.  If you've got any concerns please give Paul a call at home or page me at 888.916.7184.  Jeff 
 Thank you.  Have a nice holiday.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Please keep this internal and confidential.  Here's where the group I mentioned left off last Friday.  It will be useful for our discussion this afternoon.  You'll note from the comments that it's anything but a done deal.  I'll forward the SF press mentioned in the note.  Best, Jeff 
 Can we try to set up a quick call to discuss?    Thane Twiggs@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 12/18/2000 09:40 AM 
 1) Is it your sense that the deal is done and that it will be announced at the PUC meeting on Thursday? 2) Would the PUC be required to provide 30 days comment, or could it be effective immediately?  Best, Jeff 
 Bad.  Let's talk. 
 Yes. 
 need to be 12:30    Lysa Akin@ECT 12/18/2000 12:56 PM 
 Mike: Can't thank you guys enough for coming.  It was a great time, and Prentice was really happy that you made it.  Hope you didn't get too much of a headache listening to me play (?) the bass.  Please pass along thanks to Lisa, and no reciprocation needed.  Great to have you.  Happy holidays.  Best, Jeff    Mike Herring <mherring@myfamilyinc.com> 12/18/2000 12:12 PM 
 likely a mistake.  send the sender an email and ask? 
 thanks. 
 800.713.8600 code: 80435 
 Jennifer:  With respect to FERC's ruling from Friday, I'll forward to you what's been forwarded to me.  With respect to the governorn's plan, the one that you forwarded along from EES' customer is definitely one of the more extreme scenarios we've been hearing, but with Davis, I wouldn't rule anything out. If I hear anything, I'll report back.  Best, Jeff    Jennifer Rudolph@EES 12/18/2000 05:03 PM 
 The haircut notion, I believe, arises from Edison's claim that the PX price includes a capacity payment, particularly when demand (i.e., the price) is higher.  I think there's discussion of it in the proposed decision that came out some time ago and which sits in "hold" limbo on the Commission's agenda. I've attached it.  Alan could you see if it's included in the decision?  If not, I can poke around more.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff     Alan Comnes@ECT 12/18/2000 03:59 PM 
 Steve:  Here's the info for tomorrow's call.  Thanks for making the time.  Talk to you then.  Best, Jeff  12:00 CDT Call with Dick Anderson (EBS Tax), Steve Bowen and Dan Clearfield re:  using a c-corp vs. an LLC for   our CLEC  1-888-311-9051  passcode:  60396 
 FYI.  Just learned that California's key small consumer group, TURN, will be sending a letter to the PUC saying that it would be a violation of due process to issue on Thursday the sorts of orders the PUC is comtemplating without first giving folks a chance to comment. 
 Just got off the call with the California stakeholders. The group's trying to come up with a solution and today's call was a challenge.  Edison threw new demands on the table that effectively ended any chance for a deal today.  Appears that at this point that anything more than a 10% rate increase is out of the question politically for the Governor, and the utilities are very unhappy about it.  Consumer groups are already balking publicly at the 10% increase reported in the press.  The meeting effectively ended when Edison announced that, in response to New West turning back their customers, Edison plans to file a proposal with the Commission this week that would require all returning customers to pay the spot price for energy.  The large customer groups blew their tops and that pretty much ended the call.  The group agreed to meet again on Friday, after the PUC business meeting on Thursday.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks for the effort.  Not looking so great.  We should keep plugging away, however.  Trucks with bullhorns?  Best, Jeff 
 don't even worry about it.  i didn't feel jumped on at all.  the debate has turned about 100% political with very little rational economic thought present, unfortunately. 
 Thanks.  These are the portions of the deal that I've been highlighting as problematic for us with the settlement group for  the past few weeks.  The group knows that unless there's some compromise on these points in a way that directly addresses our concerns, we won't be signing anything.  After yesterday's call, at which Edison blew the meeting up, there's no deal in sight in the immediate term.    Scott Stoness@EES 12/19/2000 08:47 AM 
 plz call--415.782.7822.  Jeff 
 PG&E's $2 Billion Power Grab We've been gulled by our greedy utility Ken Garcia Thursday,?September 14, 2000 ,2000 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2000/09/14/T Z110687.DTL SAN FRANCISC -- The executives at Pacific Gas and Electric Co. sure try hard to live up to their name, because I can't think of any company that has been more adept at giving consumers a jolt. The doyens of greed that rule over the California utility giant recently revealed that they hope to pass on to customers more than $2 billion in expenses -- ``unforeseen costs'' in the euphemistic view of the power company, but unjustifiable rate increases to those of us residing in real world. The consumer-soaking surge is apparently based on PG&E's inability to predict a rise in wholesale electricity prices, which is costing the company about $700 million a month. Yet, as usual, the utility giant wants us to forget all past promises and obligations, a favorite technique of energy merchants who see rate increases as something that can be turned on with the flick of a switch. Lest anyone forget, a utility rate increase is exactly what California's customers were told they would not get as a result of a deregulated power market, which was supposed to lower -- not raise -- energy bills because of an expected increase in competition. It shouldn't come as a surprise that our friends at PG&E were among the prime architects of the state's deregulation policy, which they now want to bend in their financial favor. This is known as having your cake and (billing) Edith too, because certainly she and her fellow customers wouldn't want the utility company's stock to fall. Now, I realize PG&E has been prone to blackouts over the years, but just because it doesn't like the deal it forged and signed a few years back, doesn't mean that its customers should be forced to pay for its lapses in judgment. If you want to dance, you have to pay the fiddler -- even if it turns out to be Nero and the electrical lines are burning. ``It should be PG&E that eats the costs because they made the initial promise that rates would go down,'' Dan Jacobson of the California Public Interest Research Group told The Chronicle the other day. And he's right, even if the state Public Utilities Commission once again buckles under and decides to give PG&E a break it doesn't deserve. While PG&E CEO Robert Glynn was trying to assuage analysts on Wall Street this week that the soaring electricity rates would indeed be passed on to customers, The Chronicle revealed that the state Board of Equalization has quietly been granting utilities and giant corporations billions of dollars in tax breaks. Despite a booming economy, the state agency has inexplicably reduced the property tax assessments of PG&E, Pacific Bell and others to the tune of $5.3 billion in the past year alone. That's a lot of lost kilowatts and phone calls that could be used by California residents. But in the world of utilities, it's always best to leave the consumer in the dark. In effect, the equalization board is improperly granting huge tax breaks to companies worth billions, at the same time its assessments on homes and small commercial properties are skyrocketing. And if you think something smells a little rotten here -- well, it may just be the smoke rising from a lot of consumers' ears. You don't have to look far to see why officials at PG&E are feeling a little desperate in their attempts to pass along their rising costs to consumers as quickly as possible. Because the faster they can do it, the faster customers might forget that PG&E had asked the PUC for an $800 million rate increase earlier this year to help keep the lights in the corporate tower burning. The utility was granted a $450 million increase, even though an administrative law judge found that the company needed only half that amount to meet its expenses. But what's a few hundred million between friends? Yet the funny part is, PG&E officials said that rate increase would actually lower our gas and electric bills, an event that happens on our shores about as often as a tsunami. This energy-defying trick, which I first questioned in February, would take place, we were told, because of cost savings within the utility giant's other divisions. Yet if they were making more money, why did PG&E need the PUC to give it close to a half billion in bill increases? Well, the answer is that it would appear there are quite a few dim bulbs making decisions about California's energy market, and Gov. Gray Davis hasn't seen fit to replace them. So don't be shocked if PG&E again gets its way, and once again customers are ``serviced'' by state regulators to the tune of hundreds of millions in rate increases, no matter how unfair or undeserved. PG&E said it would foot the bill when it pushed for deregulation, and now that it's taking a huge hit for past decisions, it wants to pass the buck. It takes time to build up a reputation for Power, Greed & Excess. Energy companies, after all, are anything but utilitarian. You can reach Ken Garcia at (415) 777-7152, fax him at (415) 896-1107, or send him an e-mail note at kgarcia@sfchronicle.com. ,2000 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A17 
 No thanks necessary.  My pleasure.  I'll report back with what happens this afternoon.  Best, Jeff  P.S.  You run a damned good meeting. 
 FYI.  This article tracks well with the information we've thus far received and that I passed along on the call this morning. 
 Bob:  I want to let you know that I stand in awe of someone who has the balls to open for someone as talented as Dan B.  It demonstrates that you're one talented guy yourself.  Congratulations.  Your show was great, and it was good to see you.   Best of luck on the rest of the tour.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks a million for the summary.  In the flurry, I accidentally deleted it. Could you re-send.  It's STILL a jungle out there.  Best, Jeff 
 I've been notified that the California Commissioner has cancelled the meeting with stakeholders that had been scheduled for this afternoon.  He'd scheduled it to discuss what the order the Commission intends to issue on Thursday might look like.  It signals, at this point, that the utilities continue to have a difficult time reaching agreement with the administration.  Will get back with more as it develops.  Jeff 
 Dude, you may have taken her charger cord!  She can't find hers.  Do you have two now?  Ditto on your comment re: the man versus him music.  The personality is way, way out front. 
 you bet.  Helps a lot having you identify the interests.  So please continue doing that.  I'll keep you up on what's happening as it happens.    Scott Stoness@EES 12/19/2000 04:29 PM 
 Heres' the file.  Again, we used it, in the end, to justify having the utilities go out, now, and fill 10-15% of their net short position with 5 and 10 years deals.  The group agreed, though there's still discussions about the percentage (higher?) and the mix (5 and 10 year deals?; 3, 5, 10 year deals?)--you get the picture.  The guy from Edison who's been participating in the talks and agreed with our approach (understanding that the percentage and baskets are still negotiable) is John Fielder, SVP of regulatory affairs.  Good luck.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 January 5th, not December 5th.  I'm glad to see that someone besides me writes down the wrong date once in a while.    Lysa Akin@ECT 12/19/2000 06:31 PM 
 I paged you yesterday with the info on size, construction start and in-service dates. You get it?    James D Steffes 12/19/2000 04:58 PM 
 Couple of very minor suggestions, and I filled in the online date for Pastoria. 
 I don't have it.  do you need it soon? 
 sounds like you'll be getting a subpoena!  you co-conspirator you. 
 Charry?  email is:  charryl@pacbell.net 
 FYI. 
 I'll be out the week between Xmas and the New Year.    Lysa Akin@ECT 12/19/2000 03:02 PM 
 thank you.  that's it! 
 Sorry about that.  I don't think that I'm in on the 1 pm conference call.  Best, Jeff 
 Mark: Here's the info  Size = 500 MW Purchase price = $42 MM (sold to Calpine) Permit  status at time of sale = all permits had been obtained  One note:  while we had gas and electric interconnection agreements ready to execute, Calpine told us not to and they arranged those for themselves.  If there's anything else that you need don't hesitate.  Happy holidays.  Best, Jeff 
 Status report:  Utility solvency Status report:  EBS in California 
 Paul Kaufman phoned with the following brief report from the Western Governor's Association  "Energy Summit" that took place today.  Paul will follow up with more detail when he gets back to a computer. The governors issued the following recommendations:  California should immediately implement FERC's order issued last Friday and aggressively pursue all available DSM and conservation opportunties. The Western region should likewise be much more aggressive in identifying and implementing DSM and efficiency opportunities. Increase supply as soon as possible. FERC should do an investigation into the potentially negative effects that price caps can cause in the industry. FERC should add to its investigations an investigation into what caused the price spikes in the first week of December. Work with the Bush transition team to make sure that someone from the new administration is focused on the issue.  Hoecker said that he is not inclined to impose a region-wide cap until California takes the actions it needs to take to help alleviate the situation (e.g., reforming regs governing utility forward contracts).  Jeff 
 FYI, I'm having gall bladder surgery from January 1 to February 1. 
 Very interesting.  Quick questions:  1) $100MM come out of our pockets?  2) Could we "guarantee" 500 MWs?  3) Would we identify and implement DSM at our customers' sites?  Jeff    Scott Stoness@EES 12/20/2000 04:11 PM 
 Attached is the URL to get to what should be a real audio broadcast of tomorrow's PUC business meeting.  The meeting starts at 10 AM PST.  Many who have tried to use the link in the past have been unable to connect, but the PUC may have since worked the kinks out.  I will be at the meeting and will report back via email.  Best, Jeff  http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/webcast/realaudio.htm 
 Toes, too. 
 Number 5 under 'A flawed retail market"  should read "...a power INcentive" not DISincentive. 
 will do. 
 for dow jones direct:  logon:  bgaillar password: Ene498834 
 We will set up a call-in number to relay to folks any actions the Commission takes tomorrow.  The Commission meeting starts at 10 AM PST, but it's unclear when they will take up our issue.  Since the press will likely have the place surrounded, they may decide to do that item first.  We'll send out a notice with a call-in # and time as soon as we have the information.  Best, Jeff 
 Will do.    Lisa Yoho 12/21/2000 09:31 AM 
 These folks will need to be added to the distribution list.  Lysa/Joseph: it's going to be a bit wacky, because, as the note indicates, I'm not sure what time the call will be.  Anywhere from about 11 AM to 2 PM PST.  We'll need to keep the number of ports as unlimited as possible, because I have a feeling that the note indicating that there be a meeting will get around, perhaps globally.  As soon as I know what time I'll want to have the call, I will notify Joseph, who will need to set up the call and distribute the info to the original list I sent around plus the names below.  If you two have suggestions on how you'd like to handle, like Ross Perot, I'm all ears. Thanks so much for your help.  Also, please make sure to add Vicki Sharpe and Michael Smith of EES on the list, too.  Jeff 
 S&P threatened publicly yesterday that unless the PUC acts decisively today to fix the utilities' cash flow issue, they will significantly downgrade California's IOUs.  I assume that's in the WSJ article Rick referenced.  As Rick said, more info to come in a few hours.    Mark Schroeder@ECT 12/21/2000 08:31 AM 
 From the most recent information we have, the most likely outcome appears to be the following:  As we've discussed this week, the administration and the utilities continue to have a very difficult time reaching agreement on 1) how much of the undercollection the IOUs should absorb and how much consumers should absorb and 2) how big the rate increase should be to manage the IOUs cash flow/credit  problems (governor wants 10%, IOUs want at least 20%). It remains likely that the Commission will rule today on relaxing regulations to make it easier for the IOUs to enter into longer-term contracts w/out getting 2nd and 3rd guessed by the Commission. It is likely that the Commission will signal strongly that it will not let the IOUs go bankrupt but will only go so far as to outline its plan for considering and implementing a "rate stabilization" plan in Q1 2001.  That said, the stakes are very high and things could change dramatically between now and 2 PM PST.  Just talked to two SVPs with PG&E and Edison and they said that they don't know what the Commission will do at 2.  Jeff    Joseph Alamo 12/21/2000 12:30 PM 
 will do.    Vicki Sharp@EES 12/21/2000 01:01 PM 
 Steffes' call is FERC related.  This one's CA PUC related.    Joseph Alamo 12/21/2000 01:53 PM 
 don't know.  check out the website, which is where registration is.  there's lots on B2B, e.g., biz models/technologies.  i registered.  if i win the lottery you can likely persuade me to give you my ticket, or i can try to get one from someone who wins but can't go, or hopefully you can register and win one for yourself.  check out the site. 
 Mike (Smith): Since things will move pretty quickly from this point forward, we want to have a quick meeting to explore our legal options and how best to preserve them.  We'd like to have a kickoff call after the daily 10 AM (CST ) call that Wanda Curry handles.  Are you available after Wanda's call?  Say 11 AM CST?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Hotel res works for us.    "Eldon Sellers" <eldon@interx.net> 12/21/2000 05:10 PM Please respond to eldon 
 I'm going to try to attend.  Thanks a bunch for setting it up. 
 we'll get tuxes.  however, folks won't be going leaving at the same time, so going to the airport together seems unlikely. and it being new year's eve, i would strongly suggest taking a cab from the airport to the hotel---gonna be a zoo.  but, on the other hand, if scott and cameron are in for picking folks up, god love 'em.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 12/22/2000 10:09 AM 
 Looks like scott and cameron are indeed game.  sounds like we should rent a big car--lincoln town or something.    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 12/22/2000 11:08 AM 
 Edison doesn't want to play? 
 Very unnecessary.  Very kind.  Very much appreciated.  Thank you. 
 Dasovich numbers: home: 415.621.8317 pager: 888.916.7184 cell: 415.505.6633    Scott Stoness@EES 12/22/2000 05:56 PM 
 Note that this communication is confidential, covered by CA's settlement rules. 
 Greetings Judge Minkin:  This is to inform that a representative of Enron Corp would like to address the Commission on the issue of utility rate stabilization plans at the Commission's hearings scheduled for December 27th and 28th.  Thank you.  Sincerely, Jeffrey Dasovich Director, Enron Corp 
 Attached is a draft of the talking points for the Commission's hearings.  Few points: Our time is likely to be limited to 5-10 minutes. Mike Day, our outside counsel, will make the presentation on our behalf. Mike Day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today. Comments can be forwarded to me via email, pager (888.916.7184), voicemail (415.782.7822), or home (415.621.8317). We will finalize the message points on tomorrow's daily call (10 AM CST). The call in number is 800.713.8600.  Code is 80435. The Commission's hearings begin tomorrow at 10 AM (PST). 
 Nice job.  Going to be a wild ride. 
 That's a very good point.  I'll make the change.  Best, Jeff    Harry Kingerski 12/26/2000 03:33 PM 
 We're in the process of developing a strategy to take us through the next few months.  But while the (otherwise perishable) thoughts are still fresh in my mind from the hearings on Monday and Tuesday, I wanted to throw out some observations for discussion in the days/weeks ahead.  OBSERVATION--The pressure to finger somebody for "price gouging" is increasing.  The administration is hell bent on finding a "fall guy."  The price spikes pose real political risks for Davis and he and his folks need and want an easy way out.   His press release following the hearing renewed the call for "refunds."  On my panel, Loretta Lynch asked Reliant and Duke to supply her with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to marketers.  And Carl Wood's remarks were extreme. At the Barton hearing, a liberal democrat (Filner) and a conservative Republican (Hunter) locked arms in calling for refunds. Bilbray joined the "gouging" band wagon. The utilities repeatedly called on FERC to do a "real" investigation, with hearings, testimony, data discovery---the works. On the positive side, the FERC commissioners lauded Wolak, his analysis, and his remarks on the panel.  Wolak said somewhat emphatically that the nature of California's market structure makes it impossible to single out a single participant as the culprit.  He also stated that just everyone's just acting in their own self-interest, responding to the screwed incentives embedded in the structure.  IMPLICATION--It seems prudent for Enron to understand better its risks of getting fingered.  In the best case, the clamoring for a "refund" subsides.  In which case, the only cost to Enron is the internal cost incurred to understand better the risks of getting fingered. In the medium case, investigations find that Enron (like others) "played by the rules," but the rules stunk, and Enron profited at the expense of California consumers. 
 You're right, Sue.  Rates can't go up w/out declaring the rate freeze over in some fashion---trying to finesse it.  Thanks very much for the comments. Harry also had a good comment---don't specify the amount of rate increase in our comments; rather note that the rate increase needs to be well-reasoned and based on facts and evidence.  Will make that change.    Susan J Mara 12/26/2000 06:43 PM 
 you were on the original.  did you not get it? 
 Thanks.  Good points.  Will make sure that we have "bad guys" issued covered.  You have a great holiday with your family and a safe and happy New Year.  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 12/27/2000 09:29 AM 
 Thanks Roger.  Here are the highlights of today's hearings:  Common themes--many tracked ours pretty closely Not a question of whether rates need to rise, but by how much. Though some oppose any and all rate increases, the lion's share acknowledged that the utilities have a cash flow problem and the a rate increase is necessary. Due process matters. If the Commission is thinking about going as far as ending rate freezes and increasing rates, it better provide for ample due process, or countless law suits will ensue. Don't jump the gun. A rate increase is likely, but only the utilities benefit from adoption of the utilities' proposals. The Commission needs to carefully scrutinize the utilities' claims and take a careful look at the level of increase required to maintain access to capital markets.  However, as expected, the utilities implored the Commission to jump the gun immediately.  The utilities want the Commission to declare an end to the rate freeze and raise rates on Jan.4. No more divestiture. The utility should keep the generating assets it retained, but the Commission should ensure that the assets' benefits are allocated equally among all customers.  One legislator recommended that the State buy the utilities' hydro assets, which would give the utilities the cash they need and give the state control over some generation. Treat all customers equally and fairly. The Commission should not create two classes of customers (e.g., large v. small; direct access v. bundled).  No customer group should be sacrificied to save another. Be as narrow as possible/do as little harm as possible The immediate problem is the utility's cash/credit crunch.  As such, the Commission should do only enough to solve this very specific, immediate problem.  A modest rate increase is all that's required and the Commission should do no more.  At the beginning and the end of the hearing, the President of the Commission asked parties to be prepared (at tomorrow's hearing) to discuss whether the Commission could legally use its other, broad powers to raise rates without declaring an end to the rate freeze.  It seems that she seems some benefit in raising rates, but leaving AB 1890 otherwise intact untill the Commission can  Marketers and generators are to blame for the problem Though not universally embraced, the theme came up repeatedly.  A few parties (e.g., the Unions, low income consumer groups, one PUC commissioner) called for complete re-regulation of the industry, returning the utilities to vertically integrated monopolies.  But they were the exception rather than the rule at today's hearing.  2. Next steps There hearings were scheduled to end on Thursay, but now will continue through Friday. Tomorrow, lawyers will provide "oral" arguments on whether the Commission must end the rate freeze in order to increase rates.  We will argue that it does not have to, and should not, go through the complex and controversial exercise of determing whether the rate freeze is over between now and 01.04.01.  We will argue that the Commission has the authority to raise rates without ending the rate freeze, and if it decides to raise rates, it should do so while keeping AB 1890's basic structure in place until a full and fair hearing of the issues is completed.   We are talking to other stakeholders to persuade them to take the same approach.  In terms of legal arguments, this is clearly a long shot, but one that seems worth taking. After the oral argument, the utilities will present their rate proposals and "all interested persons" will have the opportunity to cross-examine the utilities (in short, tomorrow will also be a zoo). When asked what the process will be for issuing a proposed decision and providing comments, the President of the Commission responded "we don't know, it's evolving."  In other words, the Commission is doing a poor job of ensuring that their Jan 4 decision is "appeal-proof." Keep in mind that the situation remains extremely fluid and the trend is still toward ending the rate freeze on Jan. 4th.  We continue to aggressively offer alternatives to that possibility and continue to try to bring other stakeholders to our side. We're doing everything necessary to preserve our appeal rights.  We can discuss further on the 10 AM (CST) call tomorrow.  Best, Jeff    Roger Yang@EES 12/27/2000 05:43 PM 
 Here is some info in advance of tomorrow's call. 
 will do.    Jeremy Blachman@EES 12/28/2000 08:09 AM 
 will do.    Dan Leff@EES 12/27/2000 11:02 PM 
 Needless to say, given the Governor's press release, I'm a little concerned about what he might want.  Carl Wood and Loretta Lynch were truly abominable at the FERC hearing.  Fortunately, FERC (all 4 Commissioners) really beat up on the them.  I'm convinced that FERC feels that they must do something between now and November and that if we ever had a chance to get them to be bold (understanding that "bold" ain't exactly in Hoecker's play book), now's the chance.  Thanks for the giving Heber the straight dope.  He was very gracious throughout, but after the panel he (very jokingly) ribbed me pretty well, saying, "Jeff, I let you off the hook.  I was going to ask you how in the hell you ever let California turn into such a mess."  I told him that we were exercising Herculean restraint in not making lengthy "I told you so" statements.  Best, Jeff 
 I haven't received anything.    Susan J Mara 12/28/2000 02:49 PM 
 ah jeez, i guess this means that you made it back safely from s.d? 
 Today's hearing was dominated by : 1) many lawyers arguing over whether the Commission must declare that the "rate freeze" is over before raising rates, or whether the Commission can rely on its general constitutional and statutory authority to raise rates on an interim basis, without addressing the issue of the rate freeze, and, 1) an appearance by Ralph Nader.  The Legal Issue In general, our proposal seems to have gotten some traction.  Whether it sticks remains to be seen, however.  We proposed that:  The Commission has the authority to raise rates without addressing the rate freeze issue. The Commission will not have the facts it needs, and it won't have  provided the due process necessary by Jan 4th, to address all the complex issues tied to the rate freeze.  And if it tries, it's likely to face a flurry of law suits, which is in no one's best interest. For it's Jan 4th decision, the Commission should confine itself to determining whether, and if so by how much, to raise rates to maintain the utilities' access to capital markets. (We've taken no position on whether there's a need to raise rates.) setting a hearing schedule to examine the "rate freeze" and all related issues thoroughly and methodically.  The utilities argued that the Commission must declare an end to the rate freeze; otherwise any Commission decision to raise rates would be easy to attack in the courts.  (In reality, the utilities want the Commission to end the rate freeze in order to assure lenders that the Commission will permit the utilities to recover going-forward procurement costs.  Under the rate freeze, the utility is at risk for procurement costs that exceed the rate freeze.)  In his presentation, our outside counsel offered numerous citations to past Commission decision and court cases supporting the Commission's ability to raise rates if it found it necessary to do so.  Many other parties agreed with our position.  A few parties said that the issue was too murky to make a call.  During questioning, both the President of the Commission (Loretta Lynch) and the presiding judge seemed to indicate that they believe the Commission has ample authority to raise rates without having to address the rate freeze issues.  The Ralph Factor Apparently, having lost the Presidential election, Ralph Nader's still looking for work.  He showed up at the hearings today and held a very lengthy news conference.  From what I could hear, he targeted all of his criticism at the utilities for being greedy, and at the Governor for being too ready and willing to bail the utilities out.  Even when thrown some soft balls about "out of state generators," Nader stuck to bashing the Governor and the utilities.  But I couldn't hear the entire press conference, so he may have said things that I missed.  The Next Steps The hearings that were scheduled to end today will now go into next week. Tomorrow, the utilities are scheduled to make their case for financial hardship.  Customers intend to question the utilities very aggressively (as does the PUC).  The utilities will also have the chance to question the consumer representatives who filed their own proposals and analysis with the Commission. On Tuesday, the Commission is likely to take up the issue of how big any rate increase needs to be and how much of the increase each customer group should shoulder.  More tomorrow on the call.  Best, Jeff    Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 12/27/2000 08:57 PM 
 All:  Please see attached materials from Steve Kean.  Ken Lay and Steve Kean met yesterday with the Governor of California and his policy director to discuss solutions to California's energy problems. The meeting was very constructive.  Ken Lay and Steve offered some of Enron's proposed solutions and the Governor discussed the options he's considering.  We've been asked to provide--by Tuesday--feedback on his proposals.  The turn-around time is tight, particularly in light of the holiday.  We'll need your feedback by COB Monday.  If at all possible, if folks can group their feedback, comments and suggestions and foward them along to me, that would be very helpful.  If there is anyone else that you think ought to receive this information, please forward along.  Thanks very much for you help.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.    Frank W Vickers@ECT 12/29/2000 12:46 PM 
 The Hearings The hearings have transitioned to the more traditional, courtroom-like environment, with lawyers engaged in detailed cross-examination of utility witnesses. The hearing focused solely on the utility claims of financial hardship. The hearings went from 9AM-5PM and only managed to make it through two PG&E witnesses--extensive, detailed questions on PG&E's cash management practices since restructuring started in 1998. Questions to witnesses focused in particular on PG&E's use of cash for investment and financing activities over the past 2-3 years (e.g., dividend/stock repurchase activities, transfer of cash from IOU to parent and parent's use of that cash for investment activities). Questions also focused on options other than rate increases available to the utility (e.g., liquidate certain assets of unregulated biz units, loans from parent, bankruptcy). The commissioners and the ALJ have reacted in extremely hostile manner toward PG&E's repeated attempts to amend and add to their proposal as the hearings progress. Questioning of PG&E witnesses will continue at 10 AM on Tuesday, followed by Edison witness. Unclear when the hearings will end, though the Commission is scheduled to issue its decision on Thursday. At this point, it seems very unlikely that the Commission will have developed the record necessary to do anything other than raise rates under its general ratemaking authority.  Outside the Hearing Intense negotiations between Governor's office and utility management continue. Seems that the Commission/Administration is beating up on the utilities inside the hearing room in an attempt to soften the utilities up and gain some leverage in the negotiations taking place outside the hearing room. Governor continues to try to bring consumer groups into the negotiations with utilities, but consumer groups continue to resist and continue to oppose any rate increases. Governor seems to be attempting to set up a situation where the Commission absorbs the political heat for raising rates on the 4th, and the Governor follows-up with a more comprehensive set of proposals as part of his state of the state speech on the 8th. 
 Thanks for the articles.  Well, not quite in PJs, but yes, working from home, which is some consolation.  PG&E has said that a signficant share of gas suppliers have stopped transacting with PG&E due to credit risk.  Our exposure to PG&E is huge (both EES and ENA), so I wouldn't be surprised if we've stopped transacting with them until the Commission comes out with its decision on the 4th and we see how the ratings agencies respond.  I can find out first thing Tuesday morning.  And a very happy and safe new year to you, too.  Best, Jeff    Karen Denne 12/30/2000 04:34 PM 
 Well, I was clearly too ambitious in setting out the schedule.  My apologies.  I managed to trudge through the reading and the document last night, but didn't not get to answering the question.  I appears that this will be a busy weekend.  I've a feeling that I won't get my proposed answer to folks until Saturday afternoon for your review.  If that poses a problem for anyone, please let me know.  I still intend to be the compiler of wisdom, so folks should feel free to distribute when they've got something drafted.  Best, Jeff 
 Steve:  I'm going to give you a call.  Few things: Got your message.  As you'll see from the document, I likely spent too much time over the weekend on the "what's in it for consumers" messages.  Since it was one of the the "to do" items, I figured that it should get some emphasis, but sounds like that may not be the case. I've proposed a template for how to provide feedback on the Gov's specific proposals, using direct investment in power plants by the state as the illustrative example.  Let me know if you think it works.  I have ideas on each, but thought it better to await feedback from the commercial folks before filling out our comments in each area. I'm finishing up a bit more detailed proposal for how the Gov might use "energy gurus" to help on the portfolio/procurment issues, and am also offering additional detail on the need for a "rate summit." Got messages in to Schroeder re: Nordpool--expect to hear back from him today at some point and I can drop that info into the document soon as I get it. Will talk to EES at 10 AM CST to discuss their proposals.  If you'd like to join that call, let me know and I'll forward along the call-in number, which I think you may already have in your email. Have received a few comments from ENA that I'll incorporate.  Best, Jeff 
 Yes, have talked to both Stoness and Sunde about it.  Thanks.    Steven J Kean 01/02/2001 07:15 AM 
 Another Utility Bailout Should Leave Us Cold George Miller Sunday, December 31, 2000 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2000/12/31/E D134916.DTL OUR CURRENT energy problems are urgent and serious. But before the governor and the Public Utilities Commission cut yet another deal costing consumers billions of dollars, perhaps they should pause to ask the public what kind of system it wants and what it will end up with after investing billions more. Failure of energy deregulation could speed real deregulation that might benefit consumers with real capacity and real competition. But this will not happen if the focus is only on California utilities and their shareholders. The original deregulation deal was designed, as I see it, to keep competition out of California -- and to maximize the rates consumers would pay for every bad past business decision by PG&E and other California utilities. Similarly, current bailout discussions are about forcing California ratepayers to pay for the failed deregulation plan designed by the utilities themselves. Once again, the companies seek to maximize profits and socialize the losses. Following on the heels of California's deregulation, the state's utilities came to the congressional delegation and urged us to protect the plan from federal deregulation efforts. They argued that the deal they cut was good for all parties. Their executives repeated time and again that they might benefit from the plan's cap on consumer prices -- and that there was a risk to them if wholesale prices were to go up. This, they told us, is the marketplace. They were willing to absorb the risk. This was the brave new world of free markets. But markets are never free. From the beginning, this deregulation plan was designed to buy the California utilities time and advantage. Initially, consumers saw lower rates, but not as low as real competition might have provided when compared to the heavily sheltered market of the past five years. Now, because this rigged marketplace has failed, the utilities want again to put their hands into the ratepayers' pockets. At first, PG&E and Southern California Edison asked the Public Utilities Commission to have California consumers pay the entire cost of deregulation's risks. Their idea did not pass the smell or the laugh test. Now the utilities look for a way to repackage their old proposal, including a substantial rate increase. The rationale is that the utilities may collapse financially. This threat is supposed to inspire Gov. Gray Davis and the PUC to quickly put the ratepayer on the hook for the utilities' failures. During the past year, dozens of utilities have merged all across America. PG&E, for example, may not be worth much to its shareholders, but like AT&T, it may be worth something to its competitors. This is the genius of the American marketplace. PG&E shareholders bought the stock, assuming the risk. Why should the ratepayers be asked to insulate them from that risk? During this past year, tens of billions of dollars of market capitalization were lost by various Silicon Valley high-tech firms. Their shareholders do not get the benefit of going to the PUC and getting a taxpayer bailout. The ratepayer has already paid for this energy under a contract that utilities struck with the people of the state of California. Any additional payment by the ratepayer is a financial bailout. Any prudent investor would ask what the return will be before handing over billions of dollars. The ratepayer deserves an answer, as well as some equity or other consideration. George Miller is a Democratic congressman from Martinez. 
 Thanks.  I was literally just about to call the Portland desk.  You saved me the trouble.  Did they say whether they have any plans to cut PG&E off (from gas sales) in the near future?    Karen Denne 01/02/2001 11:26 AM 
 Thanks.  Was aware of the power/gas split, but FYI, Chris Foster on the Portland desk is a great source of information--Midmarket electricity trader and a very straightforward guy.    Karen Denne 01/02/2001 11:40 AM 
 It could certainly use some doctoring, but it's getting there. I'm now shifting my focus to the "informal advisory group" on procurement. 
 In office all week. 
 My apologies, but as you can imagine, California's little crisis has me a bit preoccupied.  Would love to know what comes out of the meeting, though.  Best, Jeff 
 Lamentably, I worked all week--no vacation time.  Thanks.    Joseph Alamo 01/02/2001 01:41 PM 
 Thanks again for a truly fun New Year's.  I had a great time, and it was fun spending it with you two.  When I think of all that talent, together in one house---astounding!  Really fun.  Thanks. 
 you're a regular laugh riot 
 Greetings:  Attached is the draft.  I've attempted to capture everyone's comments.  The only piece that is not likely to go this evening is the piece providing comments on the Governor's specific proposals.  That will likely go first thing tomorrow morning.  You'll note that only one of the Governor's proposals currently has any comments attached to it.  Comments on the Governor's proposals are appreciated.  The remainder of the materials will go to the Governor's staff later this evening; so any and all comments on those portions are welcomed and appreciated.  Thanks to all for the assistance, particularly in light of the holiday.  Best, Jeff 
 muchos gracias 
 are you not getting the stuff.  is there another paul smith? 
 I haven't forgotten the QF issues.  Going to weave them into our comments on the Governor's proposals. 
 Thanks for the input. 
 Scott: Thanks very much for the comments.  On the demand buy-down, I should have mentioned that I got a late call from the Gov's office asking for more detail on that proposal, which we'll likely forward along tomorrow morning, with the comments on the Gov's proposals.  Will try to work the other comments in. Thanks again.  Best, Jeff    Scott Stoness@EES 01/02/2001 06:30 PM 
 Likewise.  Hope I'm not being to much of a pain on the calls.   Just that Enron---I'm quite certain---won't lend it's name to anything that's less than stellar.  And I'm sure GSPP would like for the conference to be all that it can be, too.  How'd things go in Portland?  Best, Jeff 
 I understand that we may have no choice in the matter, but  having wtinessed Loretta Lynch's inability to define market power when asked to do so by Joe Barton last Monday, and, having heard Carl Wood declare war on capitalism at FERC's hearing on Tuesday, and, knowing that the likes of Harvey Morse (PUC FERC attorney), who has never come down on the side of "no market power here" in any analysis, is "heading up" the PUC investigation, and seeing Gov Davis' press releases demanding refunds from the faceless, out-of-state suppliers  I'm, well, maybe a little nervous about them getting their paws on our data.  Jeff 
 let me know if you get it this time. 
 Thanks.  I think it makes sense to take out the reference to 15%.  It think the rest of it passes the "front page of the New York Times test," as the PR folks say.  Thanks again for your help on this.  Best, Jeff    kcsmith <kcsmith@gateway.net> 01/02/2001 07:32 PM 
 Greetings Kari:  Attached is follow-up information from the meeting that the Governor and you had with Ken Lay and Steve Kean last Thursday.  Tomorrow morning I will email three additional pieces of information:  Our specific comments on the proposals that the Governor raised at the meeting. More details on the "demand buy-down" concept. Information on Norway's version of the ISO, "Nord Pool."  If there's anything you need, don't hesitate to contact me at 415.782.7822.  Happy New Year.  Best, Jeff 
 At least there's some consistency in the world.....    Susan J Mara 01/02/2001 11:04 PM 
 puh-leeze....    Susan J Mara 01/02/2001 10:32 PM 
 how's the memo coming?    Jeremy Meier <jermeier@earthlink.net> 01/02/2001 11:56 AM 
 This is material that I received re: Nord Pool from Davies (one of Schroeder's guys).  If you want to take a wack at putting together a few bullets on what Nord Pool is, how it differs from Cal model and why it's preferable, that would help me immensely and free me up to focus on 1) comments to Gov's proposal and 2) more detail on demand buy-down.  That possible?  Let me know.  Greatly appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 Joseph: please forward this to Scott Govenar and let him know that it's confidential and that some additional information will be going to the Govenor this morning, which I'll forward along when it's ready.  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 The Commission closed the hearings last night at 7 PM. The Commission refused all attempts by the utilities'--and there were several--to get information on "ending the rate freeze" into the hearing record. The Commission is attempting to get a draft decision out at 10 AM today (PST). If it gets out, there will be oral argument at 12:30 today (PST), with final decision issued tomorrow at the Commission's regularly scheduled business meeting. If it does not get out, there will be no oral argument, and the Commission will issue its final decision tomorrow at its regularly scheduled business meeting. Anything could happen but it appears at this point that the decision will only address the need for a rate increase (rumors flyling furiously regarding how high the increase will be), with "rate freeze" issues put off for another day in the near future. Yesterday, the Governor of California joined Edison's suit against FERC calling for region-wide, hard price caps. 
 Thanks for the offer Ms Kupiecki, but since you carried so much of the weight last case, I feel obliged to compile this time round. 
  FYI:  From PUC Website:    The California Public Utilities Commission intends to issue a proposed decision in A.00-11-038/A.00-11-056/A.00-10-028? by 11:00 AM (PST) today. The Proposed Decision will be e-mailed to the service list and published on the Commission's website (http://www.cpuc.ca.gov) simultaneously. 
 Here they are.  Please review and provide comments quickly.  I'd like to get this off to Kari ASAP.  Thanks.  Jeff 
    Final oral argument in A.00-11-038/A.00-11-056/A.00-10-028 is scheduled for 1:00 - 3:30 this afternoon in the Commission's auditorium at 505 Van Ness Avenue, San Francisco. ? The Commission will broadcast the final oral argument via phone bridge at 877-918-3008, password is 92105. 
 I've had to spend a little time negotiating this AM with ENA and EES, but I'm confident that they'll be OK with this version. 
 Shooting to get you the balance of the info by noon.  Glad to hear it's useful.  Hang in there.  Best, Jeff    Kari Dohn <Kari.Dohn@GOV.CA.GOV> 01/03/2001 12:43 PM 
 Copy of order to follow.  Here's a quick summary.  Does not look great for the utilities.  More to follow.  one cent/kwh charge for all customers--equals 9% for rez, 7% for small biz, 12% for med commercial, 15% for large commercial and industrial only in place for 90 days Adopts TURN proposal for netting undercollection (from rate freeze) against overcollection (for CTC) Hearings begin next Wednesday (01.10.01) to begin address all remaining issues (including whether rate freeze has ended and when) and to set up a timetable to examine the results of the auditor's report 
 Here's a copy of the draft.  - CPUC01-#86861-v1-A0011038_et_al__Minkin_Agenda_Dec___.doc 
 It works! 
 Thanks.  Kari just wrote me an email expressing great appreciation for the materials.  I told her that the rest will follow in the next hour.  You're about to get from me the details on the buy-down proposal.  I don't think that the bankers or the capital markets are going to swallow what Loretta Lynch issued today. 
 Will do.  That glitch in his email address has truly been my nemesis throughout. 
 I apologize. I thought that had been taken care of.  I'll take care of it. 
 If it's any indication, Edison was down 2.75 today.  Not pretty. 
 you get the 5-year block numbers from Bob? 
 Hi Sue:  A very happy new year to you.  Mr Kean has had me underwater since last Thursday night, but I'll resurface tomorrow, at which time we can catch up on a number of things, including bills.  But I wanted to forward along Steve's memo that we discussed just prior to Xmas.  Hope you had a great holiday and that all is well.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings Kari:  Forgive the delay.  Much going on today, PUC draft decision in particular. The draft does not look promising for the utilities' financial position.  Attached are our comments on the Governor's Proposals and some more detail on the demand-reduction proposal.  We continue to work on the Nord Pool research for you and will turn that around as quickly as we can.  Again, don't hesitate to contact me if there's anything else I can help with, or if there's anything else that you need. (415.782.7822)  Best, Jeff 
 California Electricity Update 
 in office mon, tues, wed.  perhaps houston thur/fri. 
 two questions: 1) are we having a staff meeting tomorrow? 2) why the heck aren't you in the bonus meeting? 
 I forwarded this to you so that you could have a chance to take a peek at it before forwarding along to the rest of the group.  If you'd like me to forward it along to the larger group, just let me know.  Jeff 
 It's hard to disagree with the fact that 1) the utilities are the ones that cut the deal they're living with and 2) they took all of the "stranded cost" money that consumers paid them and invested it in other states and countries.  But you can only buy for 10 cents and sell for 5 cents for so long before creditors turn off the spigot.  Difficult to see how the spigot stays on with the draft decision issued today.  (See story attached, below.)  With bankruptcy, the only one making any decisions is the judge, and while some see benefits to that, seems to us that from a political, financial and commercial perspective, bankruptcy creates many more problems than it solves.  That said, we're extremely sensitive to the politics of rate increases.  But if the increases are subject to refund, then decision makers can buy themselves some time by erring just slightly to the high side of a rate increase, which could fend off the ratings agencies and provide additional opportunity over the next 90 days or so to scrutinize the utilities claims and come up with comprehensive solutions to the bigger problems.  Well, you got my two cents.  Sorry about that.  Best, Jeff ****************************************************************************** ********************  Late afternoon 1/3/01 news:   USA: Calif utility ratings may fall too far on 7-15 pct hike. By Jonathan Stempel  01/03/2001 Reuters English News Service (C) Reuters Limited 2001.  NEW YORK, Jan 3 (Reuters) - Bankruptcy may loom and the credit ratings of the two largest California electric utilities will likely fall too far if that state's Public Utilities Commission awards them an interim rate hike of 7 to 15 percent, analysts said Wednesday.  In a draft decision on Wednesday, the CPUC proposed an immediate hike of 9 percent for residential customers of Pacific Gas & Electric Co. and Southern California Edison, and hikes of seven to 15 percent for various business customers.  The CPUC commission is expected to issue a final decision on Thursday.  "It forces the utilities and their creditors to be limbo dancers, and skilled limbo dancers at that," said Shawn Burke, head of U.S. investment-grade research at Barclays Capital.  PG&E and SCE had requested respective rate increases of 26 percent and 30 percent, a hike that would help them avoid imminent bankruptcy.  The utilities have also asked the regulators to remove a freeze on retail rates imposed under California's 1996 law that deregulated the state's electricity market.  On a day when most stocks roared ahead after the Federal Reserve announced surprise interest rate cuts, investors beat down the stocks of Pacific G&E's parent, San Francisco-based PG&E Corp. , and SoCal Edison's parent, Edison International .  PG&E shares closed Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange at $17, down $2-9/16, or 13.1 percent, while Edison International shares closed at $12-1/4, down $2-3/4, or 18.3 percent, on the Big Board.  Bond quotations were not immediately available for the utilities' bonds, which in recent weeks have traded like junk.  Pacific G&E and SoCal Edison were banking on a big rate hike to allow them to pass on some of their soaring wholesale power costs to consumers.  The utilities, which operate under a rate freeze, have accumulated more than $8 billion in unrecovered costs since wholesale power prices started skyrocketing last summer amid a worsening electricity shortage in the state. They claim they are running out of money due to the price freeze, and have billions of dollars of bills coming due in the next six weeks.  Central to their concerns is whether credit rating agencies Moody's Investors Service and Standard & Poor's will cut their medium investment grades to junk status.  "No one knows for sure, but if we consider the average rate hike is only about 10 percent, it will be difficult for the companies to maintain investment-grade ratings," said Dorothea Matthews, a fixed-income electric utilities analyst for Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown.  The utilities have already been unable to tap short-term capital markets because of their precarious financial state.  Downgrades to junk, which the agencies have already threatened, would cement the door shut to these markets, and cause the utilities to default on some of their loans.  Late Wednesday, PG&E Chief Executive Gordon Smith said the commission's proposed hikes could jeopardize his utility's future loans.  Even a downgrade to the lowest investment grades - "Baa3" for long-term debt and "Prime-3" for short-term debt from Moody's, and "BBB-minus" and "A3" from S&P - would make the going very difficult for the utilities. The reason: short-term debt markets are often closed to companies with those ratings.  "Unless this process allows the rating agencies to keep 'A2/P2' ratings on the short-term debt of both companies, then this process has largely been a waste of everyone's time," said Burke.  Still, he said, "there is a reasonable chance, despite today's weak recommendation, that the situation can be salvaged with mid-'triple-B' ratings, which would allow a lifeline to conventional sources of liquidity."  Moody's and S&P were not available for comment.      Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved    Kari Dohn <Kari.Dohn@GOV.CA.GOV> 01/03/2001 06:30 PM 
 Late afternoon 1/3/01 news:   USA: Calif utility ratings may fall too far on 7-15 pct hike. By Jonathan Stempel  01/03/2001 Reuters English News Service (C) Reuters Limited 2001.  NEW YORK, Jan 3 (Reuters) - Bankruptcy may loom and the credit ratings of the two largest California electric utilities will likely fall too far if that state's Public Utilities Commission awards them an interim rate hike of 7 to 15 percent, analysts said Wednesday.  In a draft decision on Wednesday, the CPUC proposed an immediate hike of 9 percent for residential customers of Pacific Gas & Electric Co. and Southern California Edison, and hikes of seven to 15 percent for various business customers.  The CPUC commission is expected to issue a final decision on Thursday.  "It forces the utilities and their creditors to be limbo dancers, and skilled limbo dancers at that," said Shawn Burke, head of U.S. investment-grade research at Barclays Capital.  PG&E and SCE had requested respective rate increases of 26 percent and 30 percent, a hike that would help them avoid imminent bankruptcy.  The utilities have also asked the regulators to remove a freeze on retail rates imposed under California's 1996 law that deregulated the state's electricity market.  On a day when most stocks roared ahead after the Federal Reserve announced surprise interest rate cuts, investors beat down the stocks of Pacific G&E's parent, San Francisco-based PG&E Corp. , and SoCal Edison's parent, Edison International .  PG&E shares closed Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange at $17, down $2-9/16, or 13.1 percent, while Edison International shares closed at $12-1/4, down $2-3/4, or 18.3 percent, on the Big Board.  Bond quotations were not immediately available for the utilities' bonds, which in recent weeks have traded like junk.  Pacific G&E and SoCal Edison were banking on a big rate hike to allow them to pass on some of their soaring wholesale power costs to consumers.  The utilities, which operate under a rate freeze, have accumulated more than $8 billion in unrecovered costs since wholesale power prices started skyrocketing last summer amid a worsening electricity shortage in the state. They claim they are running out of money due to the price freeze, and have billions of dollars of bills coming due in the next six weeks.  Central to their concerns is whether credit rating agencies Moody's Investors Service and Standard & Poor's will cut their medium investment grades to junk status.  "No one knows for sure, but if we consider the average rate hike is only about 10 percent, it will be difficult for the companies to maintain investment-grade ratings," said Dorothea Matthews, a fixed-income electric utilities analyst for Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown.  The utilities have already been unable to tap short-term capital markets because of their precarious financial state.  Downgrades to junk, which the agencies have already threatened, would cement the door shut to these markets, and cause the utilities to default on some of their loans.  Late Wednesday, PG&E Chief Executive Gordon Smith said the commission's proposed hikes could jeopardize his utility's future loans.  Even a downgrade to the lowest investment grades - "Baa3" for long-term debt and "Prime-3" for short-term debt from Moody's, and "BBB-minus" and "A3" from S&P - would make the going very difficult for the utilities. The reason: short-term debt markets are often closed to companies with those ratings.  "Unless this process allows the rating agencies to keep 'A2/P2' ratings on the short-term debt of both companies, then this process has largely been a waste of everyone's time," said Burke.  Still, he said, "there is a reasonable chance, despite today's weak recommendation, that the situation can be salvaged with mid-'triple-B' ratings, which would allow a lifeline to conventional sources of liquidity."  Moody's and S&P were not available for comment.      Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 FYI.  When I sent Kari Dohn some additional materials today, I mentioned in passing that I thought the Commission's draft decision fell short.  She responded by asking why.  Attached is my response, and hers.  Perhaps there's a glimmer of hope for the IOUs between now and tomorrow.  Best, Jeff 
 Here's what we've delivered to Davis: Message points on the "big picture" Reasons that the Governor needs to broaden his information network (i.e., get better advice) and a proposal for how to do it Comments on the Governor's proposals Detail on how to execute the "buy-down" proposal 7X24, Peak and Off peak prices for 5-year blocks of power  The only thing left to send is the Nord Pool material, which Jim Steffes is help me to gather for delivery tomorrow.  Best, Jeff 
 Best of luck.  You've got a tough job.  Guess you'll be working that much harder now that John Stevens is on his way to San Francisco.  At last week's meeting, a request was made for peak and off peak prices. I've attached prices that we filed yesterday at FERC as part of its on-going proceeding of forward contracts.  Few comments:  We'd appreciate it if you could keep the information confidential, particularly since the information is covered by FERC's confidentiality provisions.  Since we are not a "generator," we buy and sell in the market, which as you know is currently very volatile. Consequently, the quotes that we provide customers change daily to reflect changing market prices.  These prices were put together and filed yesterday, but you may have heard that prices were down today.  So quotes we made today were lower.   And quotes we makes tomorrow will reflect tomorrow's market conditions and will likely be different from today's.  Because these quotes were assembled yesterday, they are only "indicative." That is, if someone wanted to buy these products today, we'd have to recalculate prices, because the quotes established yesterday are no longer valid (for the reasons I mentioned above).  Hope this helps.  If you have any questions, let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Attached are the final versions of confidential materials provided to the Governor's office.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Sue:  Hope all is well in the land of forward contracts.  Do we know who the speakers are?  Is Dave Parquet attending for us?  Thanks. Jeff 
 Greetings:  Well, hope your holiday was great, because I'm back with more questions.  To change my direct deposit account, can I do that on line, or do I need to do it by other means?  Thanks, as always, and I hope you have a great 2001.  Best, Jeff 
 Sorry.  They're on their way.  (P.S. It's Kean, not Kane.)  And I like to discuss further the points you were making on the call.  They were good ones.  I just didn't want to get hung up on them during that conference call.  Best, Jeff 
 As you can imagine, the distribution list has almost reached the size of the entire company.  If you folks could distribute materials to those in your group that need it, that would really help out a lot. Let me know if that works.  Best, Jeff 
 This touches the issues you and I discussed yesterday.  Seems important to have this sort of information flowing well in advance of the activity.  Have you or anyone else had a chance to peek at what Sam intends to present to legislators?  The more the right is aware of the left hand, and vice versa, seems the better off we'll be.  No big deal, but if we get our internal process in order at the outset, likely make it easier when the missiles really start flying.  Your pal, Jeff    Sandra McCubbin 01/04/2001 10:16 AM 
 EES' receivables related to PX-credit payments that PG&E continues to withhold has grown dramatically EES is going to meet internally to re-visit the issue of putting customers back on utility service (but honoring the financial terms of our contracts) They will try to convene a meeting, as early as Tuesday to discuss the switch-back issue w/Steve, Mark, Blachman, Sunde, etc., similar to the meeting held a couple of weeks ago Given the market's negative response to the Commission's decision, EES will immediately try to tie up bankruptcy counsel in anticipation of the fact that the utilities may be forced to file, which EES estimates will occur by end of next week, if it happens 
 Jennifer:  I will unfortunately not be able to make the call because I have to be at the California PUC for the decision that they're issuing today. Harry Kingerski, in Houston, might be able to join, though.    Jennifer Rudolph@EES 01/04/2001 09:46 AM 
 The Commission voted out the order 5-0, essentially as it appeared yesterday.  Three key changes: They clarified that the surcharge applies to Direct Access customers (but the entire "rate freeze" structure remains intact for now). The Commission reversed itself and chose not to adopt TURN's "netting out" of gen revenues and CTC collections, and said instead that the Commission will consider it as an option in the next phase (a move likely made in order to lower chances of a successful utility appeal). The Commission added to the decision language saying that it will study the pros/cons of securitizating the utilities' power purchase costs.  They will submit a report on the issue to the Governor and Legislature. On this last point, wire reports are rampant about the possibility that legislation will be introduced as early as today proposing to securitize the utilties' power purchase costs.  This action has reportedly been the result of discussions that occured through the night between the governor's office, the utilities and the ratings agencies in reponse to the fact that the decision issued by the PUC falls well short of what's needed to keep the IOUs credit worthy and solvent.  As a result of those wires stories, the utilities' stock has come back (Edison was down as low as 6.25 and is currently at 10 7/8; PG&E was at 8 7/8 and is currently at 11 7/8).  We're working with Sandi McCubbin, who heads-up our legislative activities in California, to get more info and will report back. The hearing was dominated by highly charged anti-generator, anti-marketer rhetoric, which is likely to play a prominent role in the press accounts. Only FERC was demonized more. Each of the Commissioners, including the most recent "interim" appointee, made strong statements regarding the undesirability of utility bankruptcy. The Commission left open the possibility of "doing more" at their next meeting (two weeks from today), which means the negotiations with the utilities and ratings agencies are likely to continue. And if an agreement is reached, it could end up on the next agenda. 
 Yes, I'll get to Mike Day. 
 Vicki Sharp@EES 01/04/2001 04:32 PM 
 1) Since I'm coming, I'll likely stay a couple of days, if there's still an open seat available on the floor. 2) I can get a plane that arrives at Intercontinental at 12:20.  Can I catch a cab and get to the Woodlands by 1?  Otherwise, I'll come out the night before.  Best, Jeff 
 Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 01/04/2001 04:39 PM 
 you're a goddess.  thank you. 
 Vicki:  Do we need to add the PX letter to the agenda for tomorrow's 10 AM call?  If so, make sense to have Bracewell (Ron Carroll?) and Mike Day on as well?  Jeff 
 Ron Carrol works at Bracewell and he handles a lot of our FERC-related PX and ISO activity, including tariff activity.  Ron works for Dan Watkiss, who also handles a lot of that work for us . 
 Man, you ain't kiddin'.  Jeez..... 
 Greetings, Kari. =20  Today's installment includes:  Background on Nord Pool Information on the status of de-regulation in Pennsylvania.  The rumors regarding securitization of utilities' power purchase costs had = a=20 very positive effect on the utilities' stock today.  Congratulations.  Ther= e=20 is conflicting information floating around, though. =20  Some wires stories say that a state senator will sponsor a securitization= =20 bill.  Others say that it will be the Governor's bill.  Is securitization= =20 legislation something that the Governor intends to sponsor/support?=20  Though there are clearly some challenges to securitization, we think it=20 offers a promising option.  Hope the information is useful.  Best, Jeff 
 I sent Kari Dohn some more information today--thanks, Jim, for the Pennsylvania info.  In the note, I asked her if the rumors about securitization are true, and whether the Governor, indeed, intends to push it actively.  I also mentioned that we viewed it as a very promising option, particularly if accompanied by significant concessions by the utilities.  The response from Kari is very encouraging, and will hopefully help the utilities' credit position, though I heard PG&E was downgraded to junk by at least one credit agency today, but haven't confirmed it.  Think it's prudent to keep Kari's info very close to the vest--here's Kari'her response:  Jeff -- thank you so much for the information!  Re:  securitization, I don't think the exact form has been decided in terms of legislation, but its fair to say there are very active discussions at the highest level regarding the best way to do this (with good support, between us, it appears).  All major parties will need to be supportive. 
 I hear you.  Feels like I haven't slept for about a week.  Congratulations--securitization would be an extremely constructive outcome. If there's anything at all that we can do to help, please don't hesitate to ask.  (Since folks view us as, well, somewhat controversial, we continue to try to do productive things away from the spot light.)  Talk to you soon.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks. See you then.  Hope it turns out that your guts are in good order. I'm feeling like I could use a transplant myself.  Best, Jeff 
 Hmmm, sounds like the pressure's getting to Mike a bit.  A vacation might help.  I think you're entitled to continue on, if that's your decision.  You may not have the attendance you prefer, but I don't oppose moving the Gas Accord talks forward.  Jeff    Mike Florio <mflorio@turn.org> 01/04/2001 07:58 PM 
 Greetings: Thanks for all the help with information.  Here's what we've sent to the Governor. Best, Jeff 
 You ain't kiddin'.    "Lindh, Frank (Law)" <FRL3@pge.com> 01/05/2001 10:30 AM 
 Mike:  This should offer a guide to developing legislation that narrows PUC review of utility purchases to approval of the competitive solicitation used by the utility to procure the contracts.  We have consistently argued against being prescriptive (i.e., the contracts should be of 3 years long, less than $60/MWH, etc.) 
 Thanks.  I'll touch base withJulee at IEP. 
 Thanks, Harry.  I want to re-enforce the switching issue, since EES is likely to be very focused on moving customers back to the utility on Tuesday. Switching would certainly reduce EES' going-forward exposure to 1) growing "credit receivables" that the utilities refuse to pay and 2) the risk that the Commission will end the rate freeze altogether---and the PX credit with it--as part of the hearing process that commences with the pre-hearing conference on Wednesday.  Reducing that exposure is clealry important to EES.  But the utilities' ability to resist taking back customers is likely to be significant, particularly since 90% of the volumes that we serve are on Enron meters.  Imagine the road blocks that the utility can/will construct over the "complex process"  of changing-out the meters.  In addition, when CA border gas prices spiked several weeks ago, many large gas customers tried to switch from noncore to core service on SoCalGas' system.  SoCalGas submitted an emergency motion at the Commission to prevent the switching and the Commission granted it in the wink of an eye.  It will be important for EES to drill down fairly deeply in its analysis of all the ways that the utility can frustrate any switching.  Otherwise, we may find ourselves confronting a lot of negative PR without having reduced any of EES' exposure.  Customers who have been unwillingly switched back to the utility have become very vocal about their displeasure and have turned negative on ESPs as a result.  Best, Jeff    Harry Kingerski 01/07/2001 11:21 AM 
 Greetings and Happy New Year to you both.  Eve:  Has the sub-group met since things were put on hold a few weeks ago? If so, I'm very interested in hearing about what's going on.  If the group is going to meet between now and the 16th, I'm also very interested in participating in those meetings.  Delaney, I'll be attending the meeting on the 16th.  The Angelides proposal has certainly spiced things up--just what we need, more David Freeman.......  Best to you and yours in the New Year. Jeff    "Delaney Hunter" <dhunter@smithandkempton.com> 01/05/2001 06:19 PM Please respond to dhunter 
 Sounds like a good idea.    Vicki Sharp@EES 01/07/2001 12:12 PM 
 you STILL there?! 
 It might be a good idea to have a conference call to discuss the state treasurer's proposal released last Friday.  A summary is attached.  If folks agree that a call would be useful, does Noon PST (on Monday) work?  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  More info to follow.  I'll give you a ring (tomorrow).  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks again.  Apologies for bothering you over the weekend.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  It's been reported that the legislative committee intends to subpoena generators and marketers to testify before the committe, though nothing in this press release mentions any subpoenas.  Jeff 
 Attached are my updates to Steve's backgrounder and solutions documents. I've also attached (for Rick) the summary of the CA State Treasurer's proposal.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  See comments on keeping the utilities out of bankruptcy and timing.  Jeff 
 You've got my vote. 
 FYI.  Today Craig Barrett, CEO of Intel, publicly opposed the "state takeover" plan released by California's Treasurer last Friday, saying,  "I'm not a great fan of government getting involved in the private sector, especially delivering a key commodity to the private sector." (SF Chronicle, 01.09.01)  Might be a good opportunity to try in earnest to enlist Silicon Valley in our efforts to get California moving in the right direction, despite itself.  Barrett said the answer is easing siting rules in order to get more power on line sooner and blamed officials who've opposed power plants for seriously exacerbating the problems in California.  Because of CA' power woes, Barrett said that he'd build new facilities anywhere but in California.  Jeff    Karen Denne 01/09/2001 03:02 PM 
 Mike: Here's the memo on PX-based pricing for QFs that we discussed.  If you have any questions, don't hestitate to get in touch.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, Ginger.  I'll be on the call.  Rick, if your schedule permits, could you participate in the first five-ten minutes of the daily EES call (10 AM CST) to give those folks a brief snapshot of what happened?  If so the call-in number is 800.713.8600, code = 80435#.  Alternatively, since I'll be on the call anyway, you can leave me a voicemail, or call me at 707.884.4608, and I can relay those points that you feel are most important to communicate.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, Sandi.  Are the R's generally on-board with Davis' approach, or do they intend to offer their own proposals (understanding that they are greatly outnumbered in both houses).  I'm hearing that it's a mixed bag.  Best, Jeff    Sandra McCubbin 01/09/2001 07:48 PM 
 I'll do my darnedest.  Is Jan handling this poorly or well? 
 Thanks, Mike. About the best we can hope for at this point and consistent with our approach.  Would be very beneficial if we could ride as much as possible in TURN's public wake, and continue to "advise" them and work with others behind the scenes. 
 Hey buddy.  I know that you're up in Sacramento and have a much better lay of the land than I, but this looks a like a sure fire set up for "the man for all seasons" to make an appearance before the legislature.  I have deep concerns about us sticking our necks out at these hearings.  Again, have much better info, but by all accounts, "witch hunt" seems to be the operative term for the hearings.  We are doing very well for ourselves working behind the scenes and the risks to us of having someone at a public leg hearing, with all the cameras, and all the politicians feeling the primordial urge to grandstand are very high.  Let's please discuss this one long and hard before making an decision.  I'll be in Sac on the 16th for an AB 1890 Group meeting and plan to attend the hearing.  Your pal, Jeff    Scott Govenar <sgovenar@govadv.com> 01/09/2001 05:15 PM 
 Thanks, Julee.  Sounds like a good idea.  Could you please forward me the call-in for the call?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  Any way to observe remotely?  CSPAN?  Telephone?  Internet?  From a cafe in Paris?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Harry, I'll be on the call and I'll call you beforehand.  Mike Day has every financial incentive for us to have a witness, and I'm still struggling to find the value.  As for the "save the planet" crew....I'm as concerned as you are.  I'll try to make sure that Kaufman's on (who's a lawyer and is considerably more to our thinking than to Mike's, Roger's or Stoness'.  Best, Jeff    Harry Kingerski 01/09/2001 04:18 PM 
 Sorry to hear that it was cancelled.  Thank you for keeping me in the loop. Quite a way to start the new year....  Best, Jeff 
 PG&E is saying publicly (and the news is reporting) that PG&E has $500 million in cash, and it's payables are $583 M.    "Ronald Carroll" <rcarroll@bracepatt.com> 01/11/2001 09:05 AM 
 Run!  While there's still time.  And get on the call with Paul.  It starts in 1 minute. 
 Don't mean to keep the chain of emails going, but given the cameras and the grand-standing politicians (who seem to have an abundance of rhetoric and capacity for scape-goating, and a paucity of constructive solutions or the will necessary to do what needs to be done), seems worth considering the pros and cons of throwing anyone in front of any legislative committees.  We may decide that the pros outweigh the cons and that there's discernable value having our outside counsel speak to the issues of supply and demand in California and the West, but seems worth spending 5 or 10 minutes on.  Best, Jeff    Paul Kaufman@ECT 01/11/2001 01:30 AM 
 Scott:  Could you please see that Sandi gets this?  Thanks.  If folks would like to get Sandi information (e.g., the load curtailment proposal discussed by Gary yesterday), please send to Scott, who's with our lobbying firm in Sacramento.  Sandi, Scott (Stoness) would like to discuss this proposal on tomorrow's (Friday's) 8:00 AM conference call.  Thank you.  Best, Jeff    Scott Stoness@EES 01/11/2001 08:26 AM 
 Thanks, Karen.  And please thank Marathon for the info.  If this holds true, sounds like Burton plans to make things pretty messy.    Karen Denne 01/10/2001 09:31 PM 
 also, diablo is also running (reportedly) at about 10% of capacity due to rough seas and difficulties that causes for cooling. 
 Not the retained assets case---Wood wants to cap prices to QFs.  Jeanne, could you try to get any information you can from PUC staff on how they intend to handle PG&E's advice letter  re: "we've stopped selling power from out retained assets into the PX?"  (I'm assuming that the PUC would be sympathetic, since it should immediately lower the utility's bill for power?)  Thanks very much, Jeff 
 You know, generally, when I'm up in the morning, hanging around, getting=20 ready to start the day, I can't see any reason to put clothes on.  I am muc= h=20 more comfortable that way.  Always been that way.  Good goal.  It would be easiest for me to have the meeting in SF.  Next=20 week's fine for me.  Monday's a day off for me.  You?  Or we could set=20 something up in the morning next week.  Just let me know. 
 P.S.  Nice use of "birthday" as the segue to the deal. =20  Speaking of birthdays, Prentice has informed me that, despite my=20 protestations (being a very low-key sort of guy), there "must" be some part= y=20 for my birthday this year (which I'm still opposed to--and I may be in=20 Houston that MONTH anyway). =20  I was thinking (cuz I hate spotlights), that it might be fun and interestin= g,=20 since your Dad and I are both hitting interesting birthdays this year, if w= e=20 had a joint party---double the people, double the fun.  (I don't know if he= 'd=20 rather have a solo party for his, though.)  And since my dad's met your dad= ,=20 but our mom's ain't been in the mix,  I though it might be a good (and=20 hopefully safe) atmosphere to get them together in. =20  Am I smoking crack on the whole idea? 
 The playboy mansion?    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 01/11/2001 02:22 PM 
 Greetings Mark:  Any interest?  Best, Jeff    "Daniel Douglass" <Douglass@ArterHadden.com> 01/11/2001 03:18 PM 
 Yes, the utilities can pass through the gas costs. They face an "incentive ratemaking mechanism" that includes a "market benchmarket" that they must meet or beat.  The benchmark's a composite of spot indeces.  So as long as they buy spot, they can meet the benchmark and pass everything through. (Ill-conceived procurement incentive, particularly in these days when prices are going north, but at least there's no price cap creating gas undercollections like there is on the electric side.)  If you need anything else, just holler.  Jeff    James D Steffes 01/11/2001 06:25 PM 
 FYI. 
 Hi.  How's things?  Long time no see. 
 Sort of a single-minded focus. 
 Harry: Tamara Johnson left me a voicemail stating that 1) she phoned Bob Weisenmiller requesting that he be our witness 2) there was disagreement internally about whether Enron should have testimony 3) she nonetheless wanted to try to make sure Bob was available and 4) she would call Bob back to discuss further on Tuesday.  Not sure that this is the best way to run a railroad. As you mentioned, it's quite inefficient to have EES folks contacting our lawyers and reg consultants directly.  I did not respond to Tamara's message--thought it would be better to pass along info to you.  We can discuss further on Tuesday.  Best, Jeff    JMB <JBennett@GMSSR.com> 01/12/2001 04:33 PM 
 FYI.  Report from California's IPP trade association. 
 Of course, I'd love to hear that I made if off the waiting list.  Could it be true?  Could you let me know.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff    IzioSystem@convene.com 01/15/2001 06:55 PM 
 Mike:  Could you please forward a copy of the document listed below to Ms Cantrell?  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff    Rebecca W Cantrell@ECT 01/16/2001 09:25 AM 
 Greetings:  See attached "meeting notice."  This could be a good opportunity to get our demand-side proposal on the table.  Dennis:  If we could get some power point slides together, we could present our ideas to this group and the leg aides mentioned.  Let me know your thoughts.  Also attached is a summary of the bill that the CA Assembly passed today. Please pass this along to others who might be interested. Thanks.  Jeff 
 likely to go up, but whether it goes up by enough is unclear.  They've got a very long way to go if they hope to keep the IOUs from filing Chapter 11. 
 i'll give you a call today. 
 you're alive.  thank god.  i was wondering.  be great if you would call some time so that we could guffaw about all of this.  it is rich.  very rich. 415.782.7822.  hope that you and yours are well.  that should have listened to us.  (hee hee)  best, jeff 
 I agree with Harry.  In particular, we'll need to make Richard Sanders and ENA's outside counsel are aware.  I have been concerned, and continued to be concerned about, the implications of being in the case, understanding that our interests--and the stakes--are very high.  Continues to seem important that we be in, but we'll need to discuss further, and make sure that Jim and ENA's attorney's are in the loop.  Best, Jeff    Harry Kingerski 01/18/2001 08:46 AM 
 JWM <JMcTarnaghan@GMSSR.COM> 01/18/2001 11:59 AM 
 Was that you?  I looked at it and thought, "oh, well, they fucked up." That's hilarious.  Were you at Tom's?  Dude, I'm very sorry about the check for the banjo. I spaced it.   I'll have it to you as soon as I get back into town.  Apologies.    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 01/18/2001 04:04 PM 
 Someone from Parquet's group is very likely to be there.  Government Affairs hadn't planned to intend. I can give Parquet a call and find out and make sure that there's good coordination with Transwestern.  Or TW can call him directly.  Just let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 yes, too busy.  very disappointed that i didn't get to see everyone.  hope all is well.    Xi Xi@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS  09/15/2000 06:02 PM 
 Dean Tyson:  It was a pleasure to see you again today. Phil, it was a pleasure to meet y= ou=20 and I look forward to working together.  Since time is of the essence, I=20 wanted to summarize where we left off at today=01,s meeting regarding Calif= ornia=01, s energy crisis.  That summary is attached.  I've also attached three=20 articles from the business section of today's Chronicle that arguably bolst= er=20 our arguments for adopting the approach that we discussed at today's meetin= g.  Given the fact that the legislative process is moving rapidly, bankruptcy = is=20 a daily threat, and Dean Tyson will be attending the meetings in Davos, it= =20 appears that our window of opportunity is very small.  It seems that succes= s=20 requires a meeting of the principals by the end of the week, if not sooner.= =20 The chances of success are obviously limited, but I think that we agreed th= at=20 all concerned have nothing to lose and everything to gain by taking a shot.= =20 Your offer to help in the effort obviously increases the likelihood of=20 success and is greatly appreciated. =20  My apologies in advance if I have mischaracterized any of the points made a= t=20 the meeting.  It represents a =01&first cut,=018 it will undoubtedly change= as the=20 details get worked out, and I=01,m sure I=01,ve missed something.  So pleas= e don=01,t=20 hesitate to edit the draft.  Please keep in mind that I have not had a chance to discuss this proposal= =20 internally.  As such, I can=01,t yet commit Enron to the specifics of the= =20 proposal.  But I=01,m confident that the company can support something akin= to=20 this structure and can let you and Phil know first thing Monday.  In addition, given the political environment in California, Enron has playe= d=20 a constructive role by providing low-key, behind the scenes advice and=20 analysis to policy makers.  That approach seems preferable in this effort a= s=20 well.  Finally, Dean Tyson, I mentioned that Linda Robertson heads-up our Washingt= on=20 D.C. office.  If she can help in any way, please don=01,t hesitate to let m= e=20 know.  Both of you should feel free to call me at home over the weekend to= =20 discuss things further.  My home phone is 415.621.8317.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm greatly indebted.  Thank you.    Teresa Janus <tj@Haas.Berkeley.EDU> 01/19/2001 06:53 PM 
 Thanks.  Was in Sacramento all week watching the machinations.  I'll give you a call this week.  Best to you and yours.  Jeff    "McNally Temple Associates, Inc." <rmcnally@cwo.com> 01/19/2001 03:55 PM 
 Thanks so much for the info.  This is very useful.  I will try to make the next meeting.  Hopefully the crisis out here will be over by then.  How would you structure it differently next time?  Best, Jeff    Enron Energy Services 
 Yes, we can.  Others are considering doing the same.  Let's discuss on Monday.    Leslie Lawner 01/18/2001 01:18 PM 
 will do.    Steven J Kean 01/21/2001 03:49 PM 
 Leslie, if it's at all possible for you to assist by coordinating with Mike Day and his office, that would be immensely helpful.  If not, no worries. Just let me know.  Best, Jeff    Leslie Lawner 01/22/2001 11:17 AM 
 Thoughts? 
 I really apologize, but is there any way you could talk to Keith? 
 Ain't talked to him.  His number is 415.765.8408.  Thanks so much. 
 Dean Tyson: Attached is the proposal.  Your comments are welcome and appreciated.  I'd be happy to input any that you might have prior to forwading to Secretary Summers.  Phil and I will have a list of potential contacts from the business community to review in the next couple of hours.  If you need anything, don't hesitate to contact me.  Perhaps you and Phil and I could touch base later today or this evening to talk about next steps.  Thanks again for your efforts.  Best, Jeff    415.782.7822 pager: 888.916.7184 
 Few things: Linda:  Thanks very much for the call and the help.Tyson is calling John Doer (sp?) to try to get him in the loop. And she agreed to send the proposal to Summers today.  Proposal to follow. I'm working with a guy named Phil Verleger (MIT economist type who worked in Ford and Carter), who I met at the meeting on Saturday, to come up with a list of individuals with Democratic, contributor, business community credientials that can be contacted to seek support for the proposal.  Any suggested contacts that folks have would be helpful. John Nesslage (who works for Jim) is running some numbers to get an idea of the size of rate increases required to pay back the loans under a 10-year term structure The UC  Berkeley econ/biz school faculty members I met with on Saturday want to issue a press release stating there view on "what not to do" (i.e., don't have the state take over anything, period).  They want to give us a copy to review for comments/edits before they issue it.  I should be getting tonite or first thing in the AM tomorrow.  May not go anywhere, but I told them that I'd be happy to review it.  Jeff 
 Congratulation, Pat. And the very best of luck.  See you soon.  Best, Jeff 
 you alive? 
 In office all week.    Joseph Alamo 01/22/2001 07:53 PM 
 go ahead and copy from this and give it a go.  you will get a few returns, but the rest should go.  if it completely crashes on you, let me know.  and thanks for the summaries and updates.  please keep them coming.  what's your cell phone #?best, jeff 
 what time? 
 David: Great start.  My biggest comment: needs to be shorter (thank the attention span of the press and the political process for that).  I talked to Phil. He's got an editor that he works with who can help.  I recommend that we have the editor try to boil it down to an "editorial" size piece.  Thoughts?  Best, Jeff 
 Tyson has gotten a call-back from the governor's office.  She's going to call him back shortly to try to sell him on the plan (i.e., private sector to the rescue) and ensure that he'll come to the party.  She'll call me back as soon as she talks to him.  Curious--do we have any sense of whether there's much activity within the adminstration on this, or can we expect the wait and see approach to continue? Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  FYI:  Tyson will also be at Davos.  Suggested list of business leaders to try to bring on board to follow.    Linda Robertson 01/23/2001 03:16 PM 
 Though I didn't have a problem with the course agenda, I'm comfortable with the alternative. 
 great idea. 
 give a call. 415.782.7822. 
 Leslie:  Jeff and Susan might be able to help with the pipeline charges. Susan:  I'm not ignoring you.  Of course I'll come.  Give me a call and let's figure out a date for me to address your illustrious group.  Jeff:  How's married life treating you.  Leslie:  Sorry for all the extraneous babbling.  Best, Jeff    Leslie Lawner 01/23/2001 03:20 PM 
 Greetings Chris and Jeff: I'd love to, but unfortunately I'll be in New York from Sunday through Tuesday.  Sue, can you handle? Best, Jeff    Chris Holmes@EES 01/23/2001 04:07 PM 
 the 14th and the 14th (seriously, sorry---that work)!    Susan Scott 01/23/2001 04:20 PM 
 Is there any migration risk, i.e., can customers choose in Connecticutt? That will be one of the first questions. 
 I forgot Bank of America:  Hugh L. McColl, Jr., Chairman and CEO 
 John Nesslage have any luck coming up with what sort of $/kwh we'd be looking at with a private sector bailout? 
 Here's the suggested list of business leaders to try to bring into the deal. All comments are welcome and appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 Here's the list.  Comments? 
 I'm going to go ahead and send it to her. 
 Michael Tribolet:  In response to your question, yes, Edison did file in federal district court in L.A.  The filing asks the judge to force the CPUC to 1) declare that the rate free is over and 2) raise rates to compensate Edison for its undercollections.  (Recall that this filing comes on the heels of the court agreeing to hear Edison's case asserting that the CPUC must let Edison pass through the power purchase costs to customers.)  The filing is apparently very large.  The lawyers at the CPUC have a copy but said that it's much too large to make a copy and aren't willing to give it to us to make a copy for ourselves.  Question to the lawyers:  Do we have contacts in L.A. that can go to the courthouse and get a copy of the filing for us?  Probably a good idea to have that filing passed around to this distribution list.  Best, Jeff 
 Mary Beth: Thanks very much for passing these along to Laura Tyson.  There are two documents.  One is a word file with a suggested list of business leaders that we might bring into the discussions.  Please let the Dean know that it's a first cut and that all comments, suggestions, edits, etc. to the document are welcome and appreciated.  The second is a pdf file from Credit Suisse First Boston giving CSFB's analysis of what's going on in California.  I think it provides further proof that California is still looking for, and ought to be very receptive to, a proposal like the one that we're working on.  Could you let me know that you've received this?  Thanks again.  Best, Jeff  - powerpolitics012301.pdf 
 Mary Beth: Thanks very much for passing these along to Laura Tyson.  There are two documents.  One is a word file with a suggested list of business leaders that we might bring into the discussions.  Please let the Dean know that it's a first cut and that all comments, suggestions, edits, etc. to the document are welcome and appreciated.  The second is a pdf file from Credit Suisse First Boston giving CSFB's analysis of what's going on in California.  I think it provides further proof that California is still looking for, and ought to be very receptive to, a proposal like the one that we're working on.  Could you let me know that you've received this?  Thanks again.  Best, Jeff  - powerpolitics012301.pdf 
 This looks like a job for Dave and/or Sam.    "Katie Kaplan" <kaplan@iepa.com> 01/23/2001 07:29 PM Please respond to kaplan 
 You're a star.  I'll let you know.  Best, Jeff    Karen Denne 01/23/2001 08:51 PM 
 P.S.  Please let Marathon know that the information they're providing is both greatly appreciated and highly valued and we hope that they can continue to poke around and fill us in on what they hear.  Great having multiple data points.  Best, Jeff    Karen Denne 01/23/2001 08:51 PM 
 Dear Gang: I don't know about you folks, but I woke up to over 100 emails from Telecom Reports today.  It seems to border on spam at this point.  Is anyone else having this experience?  The info is very valuable, but I'm wondering if there's a way to get, say, 3 emails a day rather than the 50 or more I'm currently receiving.  Wondering if the lights will stay on today, Jeff    Margo Reyna 01/24/2001 09:20 AM 
 Are we talking 10 hours worth of work for this pleading?  If so, then $2500 seems good. 
 Got it.  Thanks.  I'll be sending mine around later this afternoon.  Best, Jeff 
 in the attempt to delete the millions of emails i've received from Telecom Reports, i deleted your Western Gov update before reading it.  could you resend?  your pal, jeff 
 will do.  thought that you were already on. 
 It's fun and games every day (can't wait to catch up---you will howl (or cry, not sure which)).  Miss you guys terribly.  Don't throw me out of the club for being AWOL, please.  Hope to see you soon.  Best, Jeff    Sue Nord 01/24/2001 10:19 AM 
 most indebted.    Tracy Cooper@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 01/24/2001 10:25 AM 
 let's talk about these notes prior to your drafting.  please give me a call. 
 Mary Beth:  For what it's worth, I've read this, and if Laura Tyson or Larry Summers sign it, I have serious concerns about the effect it would have on their ability to play the role that we envision in moving our proposal forward (understanding that our odds of success are somewhat meager).  While I don't disagree with the language, it is strong and therefore very likely to make the Governor and his staff very uncomfortable.  I would recommend that they do not sign.  Best, Jeff 
 I don't envy your position.  At some point, the document must be finished and folks need to determine whether they'll sign or not.  I greatly admire Rich Gilbert, but his comments (re: regulatory intervention is a good thing, and now this one) will surely create considerably controversy and could greatly upset the apple cart altogether.  Best of luck, Jeff  Talked to Tyson.  She's really working it, which is great, and I continue to focus my efforts there.  My company is squarely behind her efforts.  Thanks again for organizing the meeting last weekend.    "Richard J. Gilbert" <gilbert@econ.Berkeley.EDU> 01/24/2001 01:03 PM 
 Greetings.  Looks like our questions (2&3) are linked.  You around to chat for a couple of minutes?  I'll likely eyeball the numbers to see what cash gives in order to answer #3.  Let me know.  Hope all's well.  Best, Jeff 
 Haven't received anything.  Sounds like we all agree that it would be a good idea to do it.  I'll write the prof an email and ask him to email us the file.  My preference (in order to actually learn something--i'm sort of thick) is to work on these jointly rather than have one person do it each week, but i'm willing to discuss.  others have views on how we ought to write 'em up?  Best, Jeff    "Mark Guinney" <Mark_Guinney@watsonwyatt.com> 01/24/2001 09:06 AM 
 Prof. Bajaj.  Our understanding is that we'll need the electronic file you talked about on Monday in order to do the first (optional) case (re: helpful questions and spreadsheets).  But we haven't received the file yet.  Could you possibly forward it to us?  We're leaning strongly toward writing the first case up and turning it in and are anxious to get started.  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 Tyson has had conversations with the Governor's office. The Governor's office wants more information about what the meeting would "look like"/attendees, and has said that the idea sounds like one worth pursuing (but as we know, talk is very cheap with this Governor). In response, Tyson and her very able helper are taking the 1.5-pager that I sent around and modifying it to describe the meeting optics/logistics/attendee attributes, etc. They will forward it to me as soon as they've got it drafted. Tyson hopes the document will seal the deal on the Governor's participation. In the meantime, Tyson is trading calls with Doer and trying to line up other business face cards to assist in getting the business community to the table.  Any help/suggestions we can offer gathering up business folks would be useful, but seems that Tyson's going to have to carry that water. Tyson said based on her conversations with Summers, he's squarely on board. 
 The way we handled it last time was 1) have a quick chat about it, 2) split up the pieces, 3) once written, pass around the pieces to see if anyone has any strong feelings about what folks had pulled together, and then, for each case, 4) designate one person as the "assembler" of the pieces.  (We designated who would be responsible for which cases at the beginning of the semester.)  And yes, all by email (save for, say, the preliminary chat).  It worked well.  But I'm flexible, if folks want to try another angle.  Best, Jeff    "Mark Guinney" <Mark_Guinney@watsonwyatt.com> 01/24/2001 12:19 PM 
 Took Kahn's place, who's now on the ISO Governing Board. 
 - powerpolitics012301.pdf 
 OK, i'm trying this again.  Jim, please let me know if you receive this.  I'm attaching the previous notes. 
 FYI. 
 one other thing.  what's your home number? 
 couldn't get thru on Hoffman's cell #.  Left voice mail for Thomas.  will let you know as soon as anything happens. 
 Nice job.  Thanks.    "Philip K. Verleger" <PVerleger@compuserve.com> 01/24/2001 04:32 PM 
 Greetings Mary Beth:  I'm touching base to see how progress is coming on the document that's being prepared for the Governor's office.  Best, Jeff 
 Sorry to hear that.  I'll give you a call in the morning.  Best, Jeff    Marybeth Schubert <schub@socrates.berkeley.edu> 01/24/2001 08:57 PM 
 Scott:  Thanks.  These summaries are extremely well done and highly valued within the company.  Thanks for the great work.  Best, Jeff    Scott Govenar <sgovenar@govadv.com> 01/24/2001 05:52 PM 
 we know anything about this?    Chris Hendrix@EES 01/25/2001 09:34 AM 
 Hi Cindy:  Mark asked me to give you these to fax to Mark at the Four Seasons.  Three things:  Berkeley Academics "Manifesto"--very confidential My preliminary doodlings for a talk I'm giving at an EXNET conference in New York on Monday A one page "backgrounder" that Jim and I put together for the Bush transition team.  Thanks a million.  Jeff  - Manifesto-final version_with modifications1.doc 
 Here's my cut at #3.  I haven't had the benefit of Kim's answer, but made some assumptions and took a shot.  Likely to doctor it up a bit, but wanted to find out if folks are in agreement or if you think I've lost my mind.  Let me know.  #3 is somewhat at the heart of the questions, so I want to make sure that I get your feedback.  And my apologies for not having gotten you something sooner.  Be on the look out, there is a cold going around that really kicked my butt over the last week.  Best, Jeff 
 Yes.  Mike Day:  please make sure that Mike and Bob are in the loop on any and all filings.  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff    Mike D Smith@EES 01/25/2001 01:28 PM 
 could you please fax this text to steve and mark?  thanks a million.  jeff 
 The speaker introduced a bill that would:  Order the CA PUC to establish a "rate component" to permit the utilities to recover its "net undercollected amount" over a period of ten years.  (Sounds like there may be a haircut in there somewhere.) Authorize the State Water Dept. to purchase power on behalf of utilities and munis. Order the CA PUC to create a separate rate component to cover the Dept.'s cost of purchasing the power. Authorize the Treasurer to issue debt, backed by ratepayers, to cover any difference between the price the Water Dept. buys the power for and the price that can be collected from ratepayers under the rate freeze. Authorizes the State Director of Finance to "accept on behalf of the state any tangible asset of an electrical corporation."  (Presumably the state is looking to get something from the IOUs (say, the hydro assets) in exchange for giving the utility it's "net undercollected amount."  The bill is long and haven't yet had a chance to review it in detail.  We're faxing the bill.  The bill will be controversial and it is unclear who in the Legislature has bought into it, though the Governor signaled his general support for this sort of approach in a press conference last night announcing the results of the power auction.  The Assembly is scheduled to have a hearing on the bill later today.  Will pass on more info as we get it.  Jeff 
 Could you please make sure that everyone in the office has this call-in number.  It's a daily call to discuss California's electricity crisis.  Thanks very much.  call-in: 800.998.2462 code: 4912753 
 steelers = 6 bucs = 9 eagles = 5 rams = 15 (last man standing) bills = 4 panthers = 13 jags = 14 chiefs = 10 raiders = 2 giants = 7 pats = 3 seahawks = 11 ravens = 8 skins = 12 
 I'll be in NY/D.C.  I'm willing to do by phone.  Thanks. 
 We'll have an internal call to discuss this prior to launching any missiles. Jeanne, please have Mike give me a call to discuss.  Thanks.  Jeff    JMB <JBennett@GMSSR.com> 01/25/2001 05:34 PM 
 yep. 
 Joseph:  Please contact these folks and remind them that 1) i'm not a lobbyist, 2) i'm not registered as a lobbyist, and 3) i don't qualify as a lobbyist.  thanks a million.  Jeff 
 David:  Accusing market participants of "gaming," "strategic behavoir," "market manipulation," and the like will be extremely controversial, and, I believe, unconstructive.  As you may or may not know, much of the criticism was placed on the utilities strategic bidding on the demand side, which many "economists" and "consultants" seem quite willing and able to conveniently ignore.  Jeff 
 yes. 
 I'll put my mind to it (what's left of it). 
 Tomorrow morning (Saturday), I'll take a whack at building on what Mark's done and distribute to everyone.  FYI,  I'm in New York on Monday so won't be in class.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings.  Here's the case with 1,3 and 4 compiled.  I took some editorial license with 1 and 4--hope I didn't butcher what you were conveying Jimmie and Dylan.  Check it out.  Still need to determine if folks are comfortable with my conclusion in #3, i.e., look, the biz model and the info provided in the 10K may be crap, but from a strictly technical perspective, Patten's justified in using the sales as opposed to the installment method.  Let me know.  Kim's up and running on #2.  Best, Jeff 
 I've still got considerable work to do, but wanted to make sure all had a chance to review and comment well in advance of finalizing.  I'm giving a talk at Exnet on Monday about California.  Attached is a draft of the slides.  All comments welcome and appreciated.  I'm continuing to work on it.  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 One of the things that came out of the meeting I was at on Saturday with the UC economists (including Tyson and Yellen) was a "manifesto" that they published today (I'll have the final to distribute soon).  They're having a press conference in about 10 minutes at Berkeley.  In anticipation, they're quoted in a story in today's LA Times (that features Greenspan's comments) and they focus their quotes on the need to raise rates.  Most of these folks in the group, lamentably, earn their living by consulting for incumbents, but there message here should be helpful, and there are a few "right-minded" economists in the bunch.  (I managed to get Dr. Michaels in the group, who was a great voice of reason in the debate over what to say in the manifesto.) It wasn't appropriate for me to play a visible role in the design of the manifesto, though I attempted to offer some behind the scenes suggestions.  Jeff 
 Apologies.  I can't keep track of all the distribution lists.  Please let me know if you think that this will be helpful in your neck of the woods.  Rick relayed Summers comments re: Tyson.  Best, Jeff  P.S. I'm forwarding to David Lugar 
 FYI.  Please let me know if you receive. 
 Dan:  How's things?  Happy New Year.  Hope all's well with you and yours.  Could you please copy us on the UI details?  They will be very useful in what we're up to out here in electricity Disneyland.  Thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff    Elizabeth Linnell 01/26/2001 12:24 PM 
 Oh, please do fax.  415.782.7854.  And we need some more details (in addition to what Jim did) if possible.  thanks. 
 i'll be there. 
 check it out.  i've taken a stab at compiling 1, 3 and 4.  folks comfortable with my conclusion regarding sales v. installment method?  best, Jeff 
 Thank you SO much.  Have a great weekend. 
 FYI. 
 One note: recall that with respect to market manipulation, one of the most common accusations focused on the problems caused by the PX manipulation the utilities engaged in thanks to their monopsony (demand-side bidding) market power.  Jeff    Elizabeth Linnell 01/26/2001 12:24 PM 
 please send me my login and password so that i can get into the system. also, please be sure that my account includes E234 and E222.  Thank you.  jeff 
 I'm taking Dylan's and Mark's stuff, adding a bit, and putting it into memo format.  As I recall in class, he doesn't expect or want us to turn in answers to questions, per se, just a 4-page (or so) memo.  I have that right?  I'll circulate the memo later today, or first thing tomorrow in the AM.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, Sandi.  This tracks very well with my chat with Barbara.  Barbara's charcterization of "irrelevant" arguably makes sense from a customer's perspective, but it's very relevant to us, though I didn't give Barbara the details of why it's so important for us---just explained that some of our customers, given their contracts with us, would get hurt.  Seems that the important take away is that 1) they are actively negotiating the "end" of the rate freeze, 2) customers get hurt from a retroactive "end" and 3) one "freeze" will the replaced with another, that is, prices will continue to be capped going forward (despite the "end" of the rate freeze).  Seems that the critical issue is whether the rate freeze "ends" next month, or next year, which is something that we're going to want to follow very closely.  Do we have any information on where the negotiations between customers and the utilities ended up this weekend?  Best, Jeff    Sandra McCubbin 01/27/2001 08:01 PM 
 OK.  Jimmie and I duplicated effort just a bit.  Attached is the memo and the spreadsheet.  Note that in the memo, we have a dispute about whether $750k is adequate.  Therefore, I've left questions 4 and 5 attached to the memo for you folks to reconcile (if they take advantage of discounts and get A/R and inventory rates back in line with '93 rates, is $750 enough?).  Also, I've included a common-size income statement in exhibit 1, a cash flow statement in exhibit 2, and I, too, completed exhibit 3.  We may want to clean up some of the calculations in the spreadsheet, given that we'll likely need to turn them in as attachments.  Hope this helps.  I'd do more, but I'm off for the airport and New York--won't be in class tomorrow.  Best, Jeff     JcjCal02@aol.com 01/28/2001 01:01 AM 
 Thanks.  Talk to you on the 8:30 call tomorrow.  Best, Jeff 
 i'm in mendocino:  number's 707.884.4608 if you need to chat.  best, jeff 
 i'll give you a call.  i'm in new york today.  best, jeff 
 Sorry.  I figured Sandi would have included it.  Why would I have figured that? 
 Greetings Professor.  Regrettably, I'm on travel in New York City today and can't make it to class this evening.  I don't anticipate having to miss any other classes this semester.  Regards, Jeff 
 I've left messages describing our idea with TURN and the large cogenerators/marketers/producers, and I've spoken with the Farm Bureau and the California Manufacturers Association.  The Bureau and CMA agree with our idea and I've asked them to "pass the word along" to other customer groups and to try to ensure that its an integral part of the negotiations.  I'll be calling other customer groups and will report back on those conversations.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  No apologies necessary.  I'm in NYC, but will try to call you to= =20 catch up.  When does the Dean get back from Davos?  Have you heard any=20 fallout from the "manifesto?"  I'm conerned that Davis & Co. will be agitat= ed=20 by it.  Thanks a million for all your efforts.  Best, Jeff 
 Those arrangements have been made.  Thank you and see you next week.  Best, Jeff    Mukesh_Bajaj@LECG.com 01/29/2001 12:38 PM 
 FYI.  Teece is the economist at Berkeley who acted as the ringleader for the "manifesto." 
 Hey, nice spreadsheet.  Two minor questions:  1) Isn't the provision for taxes on the income statement actually the taxes on the 'income' they made from using the sales method (equal to 46%), rather than what they pay will actually pay the IRS under the installment method?  I think the notes show how instead of paying the 4.1$ based on their recognized income, they pay some itty bitty amount based on installment.  If so, I think they actually get a 46%  tax break on the 1 million and change that they lose using a cash basis.  Still a loss, just not so big.  Anyway, I'm not sure if I'm thinking straight on this, but that's how I read the numbers.  2) Does the balance sheet have to change a little?  For example, does shareholder equity change since the income that goes to retained earnings is now a loss, rather than a gain?  Also, if revenue is recognized on a cash basis and is now much smaller, there needs to be another liability to equal out the decrease in revenues with the still large notes receivables on the asset side (as you note in the answer the notes recievables stays the same). Seems like they might need a liability like "deferred profits" or some such thing, such that the ["deferred profits" +  revenues (recognized on cash basis)] = notes receivables.  Anyway, I may not have this right, but thought I'd bring it up to see what you think.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm fine and agree that it's more about the reasoning than the right answer. I don't feel strongly about the recommendation, just wanted to throw out something for folks to shoot at and to highlight that A/R and inventory turnover is big problem.  (Though without A/R and inventory turnover convenants, I don't know if I'd do the deal.)  Thanks for doing the finishing touches.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings:  I'm in the group (and traveling on the East Coast, returning late tonite).  I can do a conference all today if folks would like.  Otherwise, I'll be working on it on the plane back tonite and will distribute when I get home or first thing in the AM.  Best, Jeff    "Sama, Anil" <anil.sama@intel.com> 01/30/2001 11:35 PM 
 Congratulations.  Glad to hear all went well (save the emergency C-section). See you soon.  Best, Jeff 
 will do.    Steven J Kean 01/31/2001 05:50 PM 
 "Sama, Anil" <anil.sama@intel.com> 02/01/2001 01:02 AM 
 No, I don't think I'd make a better accountant.  But I did ask a few questions of my accountant brother-in-law.  You did a great job.  I don't know how much time I'll have, but I'll see if I can throw in a bit of text and raise the issues.  See you tonite. 
 YES!    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 02/01/2001 03:04 PM 
 My proposed edits to Harry's excellent first cut.  They're quick and dirty. My apologies.  Best, Jeff 
 looks like email address for you was wrong.  got returned. 
 PLEASE DO NOT DISTRIBUTE.  I haven't read this yet, so I don't know if it's good bad or indifferent.  McFadden is one of the Manifesto signers and a Nobel Laureate.  If folks have comments, please forward them along and I will get them into the mix.  Thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks very much, Jeanne. 
 Yes, but there's a commitment to reverse it in another bill (AB 27X) that= =20 Debra Bowen is carrying.  There is a helluvalot of uproar about that langua= ge=20 in the bill and just about everyone is united to fix it.  Keep your fingers= =20 crossed, and we'll keep you posted.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi: Hope you had a nice weekend.  Sorry I missed you all in Washington.  Rick's asked me to attend the meeting at the Woodlands tomorrow.  Do we have a list of attendants/agenda?  No big deal, but would help me in preparing for the meeting.  I'm assuming that the meeting takes place tomorrow only?  I'm staying through Wednesday, nonetheless, and have booked a room at the Lancaster.  But if the meeting's going to continue through Wed, I was wondering if I should be staying at the Woodlands.  Thanks (as always) for you help.  Signed, Clueless 
 On Friday, I attended a meeting with Ken Lay and Karen Denne that Mike Peev= ey=20 and David Freeman requested.  Mike Peevey was President of Southern=20 California Edison before founding NEV (which he eventually sold to AES). = =20 Freeman is General Manager of LADWP. =20  The Governor hired Peevey to be his chief energy advisor.  Freeman is the= =20 Governor=01,s chief negotiator responsible for signing power contracts on b= ehalf=20 of DWR now that the Legislature has passed AB1X and the Governor has signed= =20 it.  John Burton, the leader of the State Senate, is responsible for gettin= g=20 the Freeman the job of chief negotiator, but Peevey was clearly in charge. = =20  Also at the meeting was Vikram Budraja, former SVP of power systems and=20 planning for Edison.  He=01,s now a private consultant that Freeman hired t= o=20 help him with the contract negotiations.  Peevey asked for the meeting to urge Enron to respond to DWR=01,s RFP issue= d on=20 Friday.  Peevey/Freeman want to announce a package of deals on Tuesday.  Th= ey=20 implied that they=01,ve already got some deals done and expect to have 8+ d= eals=20 to announce on Tuesday, though they gave no details other than to say that= =20 they=01,ve got a deal with Calpine (as reported in the press).  Their plan = is to=20 announce on Tuesday the names of the suppliers they=01,ve signed with, the = total=20 number of megawatts signed, and the average price per MW.  They are concern= ed=20 that the media will want them to make public the details of each individual= =20 deal, which for obvious reasons they don=01,t want to do.  Peevey and Freeman also said that they don=01,t want to sign too many long-= term=20 contracts though they recognize that there=01,s a trade-off between term an= d=20 price.  Ken Lay told them that Enron would respond.  ENA is preparing a response.  = He=20 also told them that EES was working on a plan to reduce demand at our=20 customers=01, facilities and that the plan would be completed and ready for= =20 implementation very soon.  I=01,ve summarized the points that Ken Lay made and the responses from Peev= ey=20 and Freeman:  It would be difficult to enter into contracts without some assurance that D= WR=20 is creditworthy.  Response from Peevey/Freeman: AB1X provides DWR the funds necessary=01*beginning on Friday, Feb 1st=01*to= =20 purchase the power necessary to fill the utilities=01, short position.  Ken= Lay=20 pressed them on this point and Peevey insisted that AB1X provides the funds= =20 needed to pay suppliers.  The RFP should give suppliers maximum flexibility in coming up with proposa= ls.  Response from Peevey/Freeman: Be as creative as possible.  All offers will be considered (despite the=20 language contained in the RFP).  The only customers who have been protected from California=01,s failed=20 restructuring law are customers who chose another provider under Direct=20 Access.  In addition, one of the quickest ways to help solve California=01,= s=20 shortage is to work with customers to reduce demand and develop on-site=20 generation.  Taking away Direct Access and access to customers generally=01= *as=20 AB1X does=01*is therefore a dumb idea and must be reversed.  Response from Peevey: He agreed but said that it was impossible to remove it from the bill.  He= =20 affirmed what we already know=01*that the head of the Senate oversight comm= ittee=01* Debra Bowen=01*is working on a =01&clean-up=018 bill to remove the prohibit= ion.  In=20 response to Ken Lay=01,s points that California needed to make sure that ut= ility=20 interconnection and stand-by rates didn=01,t continue to impede on-site=20 generation, Peevey and Freeman said that the Governor understood the proble= m=20 and was prepared to fix it.  Siting laws have got to be streamlined and California (i.e., the Governor)= =20 has got to credibly commit to the swift development of new power plants in= =20 order to push the forward curve down.  Response from Peevey/Freeman: The Governor is scheduled to offer a plan this week that is targeted at=20 expediting siting and development.  DWR should accept demand reduction bids at the same time that it accepts=20 supply-side bids.  Response from Peevey/Freeman: They agreed but said that there is extreme political pressure to announce t= he=20 signing of some supply deals on Tuesday in order to prove to legislators th= at=20 DWR will be able to keep the lights on, and at a =01&reasonable=018 price. = They=20 also need to sign some deals in light of the fact that the feds are very=20 unlikely to extend the DOE order forcing suppliers to sell to the IOUs.  On= ce=20 they=01,ve shown that they can manage the supply side, Peevey and Freeman s= aid=20 they want to quickly turn their attention to demand-side bidding.  These are the highlights.  I=01,d be happy to give more details on the Mond= ay=20 morning \call.  Best, Jeff 
 Jim: Got your message.  Be happy to be on a call today to discuss California's gas structure.  Just let me know when.  Best to all, Jeff    Steve Montovano 02/05/2001 09:12 AM 
 will do.  sorry for the mix-up. 
 Thursday, usual time? 
 We haven't been to the PUC about re-sourcing our customers.  Sue mentioned that this morning.  Good idea to get over there.  Mike's going to the PUC tomorrow to make the rounds.  Is there legislation on DSM and expedited siting?  I haven't seen anything we've provided on DSM or expedited siting-related legislation.    Sandra McCubbin 02/05/2001 05:30 PM 
 Found 'em. 
 My understanding is that PG&E is in active talks to cut a deal with legislators and the Governor, but I have no details.  Mona, does it make sense to have S. Govenor poke around is Sacramento to see what he can find out? 
 Hi.  Apologies.  Things have just been nuts.  I will get you that access code to EnronOnline just as soon as I can.  Hopefully today.  Hope all is well.  Best, Jeff    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 02/05/2001 07:17 PM 
 415.782.7822.  Best, Jeff    Kimberly Parrish@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 02/05/2001 05:39 PM 
 Hey darlin'.  Long time, no see.  How are ya?  What's the price per magnum? How many am I allowed to get?  And what are the dates for Mazatlan?  Hope to see you guys soon.  Best, Jeff 
 I've heard nothing about any relief granted.  I will check and get back to you.    Nancy Hetrick 02/06/2001 06:55 AM 
 Mike, Jeanne: Have you heard anything about any relief on penalties that the PUC might have recently granted interruptible customers?  (Recall that Loretta has refused to allow folks on interruptible to get off those contracts.)  Could you let me know as soon as you find something out?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 we can all use the tax break that bush wants to give us and give to NPR! 
 We should be able to pull it together.  Mike, I don't have any information about siting or DSM bills.  Could you please add some very brief bullets to your original ones (factual ones rather than advocacy ones) that describe 1) what siting reform bills are out there, what they say, what the chances are for passing, and what the timing for passage seems to be at this point, and 2) same info for DSM.  Thanks a bunch.  Jeff    Sandra McCubbin 02/06/2001 10:15 AM 
 I'll put my suggested edits directly into the document and send to you for review.  Jeff 
 don't remind me.  i'll go ballistic.    Susan J Mara 02/06/2001 12:25 PM 
 Immensely helpful.  Thanks so much.  That's all I'll need.  FYI.  My plane lands at 12:20 and I'll be going directly to the Woodlands.  Oh, one thing. If you could get info to Joseph on where the Woodlands is and where I need to go once I arrive there, I'd be eternally indebted.  Best, Jeff 
 you're welcome.    Susan J Mara 02/06/2001 12:28 PM 
 Apologies. It's quick and dirty.  Jeff 
 Karen Denne has asked me to go along to the meetings tomorrow, which I've agreed to do, but wanted to run it by you two first.  Thoughts?  Best, Jeff 
 Here are my (very minor) suggestions.  I understand that the plan is to have the letter come from Ken Lay.  Given the current tone and structure of the letter, might be more appropriate to come from Chris, as originally drafted, but I've modified so that it comes from Ken Lay.  Best, Jeff 
 Be happy to talk tonite about how to pull this together.  Can't do it until 8:30-9PM tonite, though.  That too late?  And, if that's not enough, I don't have conferencing capability from home.  Suggestions?  Best, Jeff    "Mark Guinney" <Mark_Guinney@watsonwyatt.com> 02/06/2001 10:22 AM 
 Just to add:  Evie represents (largely) the oil companies.  She represented that the suppliers that she represents are negotiating the terms of the agreement with PG&E. She finished by saying that she was fairly confident that those negotiations would result in the gas suppliers that she represents signing PG&E's agreement and supplying gas under those agreements.  Best, Jeff    Susan J Mara 02/06/2001 02:13 PM 
 Thanks, Carolyn.  I can take a crack at the expansion questions, though someone else may want to also take a look at it, just to keep me honest. I'll try to distribute first thing in the AM tomorrow.  Best, Jeff    "Vavrek, Carolyn (US - San Francisco)" <cvavrek@deloitte.com> 02/06/2001 02:01 PM 
 I'd be honored.    Janel Guerrero 02/06/2001 03:43 PM 
 Rick called and asked me to sit in on a meeting on enegy issues that he's having tomorrow in Houston.  Wants me to bring to the table information on gas issues, particularly in light of the SoCalGas settlement here in California.  I'll be leaving at the crack of dawn tomorrow monring and will be in Houston on Tuesday/Wednesday and back in the office on Thursday. 
 No comments.  Chris, I'll have the summary to you shortly.  Jeff 
 Hi Rosalee: Attached is a summary of the proposal that ENA filed today in response to the RFP for power and gas issued by California's DWR.  Also attached is a copy of the complete proposal.  Steve Kean asked that I forward it along to you. Could you please print out a copy and forward it along to Ken Lay prior to his departure for Washington D.C.?  Thanks very much.  All the best, Jeff 
 Told him the proposal is on his fax machine.  He thanked me and said he'd get back to us. He was in a meeting.  That was the sum total of the call.  Thanks for all your help.  Real cat-herding exercise.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks TJ.  Unfortunately, I presumed that I wouldn't get in, so didn't attend.  No problem, though, since the two classes that I did get into are great.  Thanks again.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi folks:  Since we have only one page, the write up for number 4 will have to be very= =20 brief.  Before writing it, though, I wanted to offer a few bullets regardin= g=20 what angle we might take, and let folks respond, comment, counter, etc.=20 before writing it up.  I'll clean and beef up once we've agreed to the=20 approach we'd like to take to question #4.  Finally, I can work from my=20 office on this this evening, which means that I can use the conference call= =20 capability of my office phone to patch everyone in if we'd like to do a=20 conference call. If that's what folks would like to do, I'd prefer to do th= e=20 call at around 7 PM.  Just let me know. =20  Best, Jeff  The question for #4 is:  Stock price is down 23%, significant debt has already been tapped to suppor= t=20 massive growth and covenants on that debt restrict taking on a lot more=20 debt. =20  What should HD do w.r.t. current operations and future growth strategy? In the near term focus less on growth and more on getting margins and EBIT= =20 growth back in line with results from previous years.  (Management=01,s Let= ter=20 to Shareholders alludes to this, but it=01,s difficult to determine whether= =20 management is just paying lip service to the need to capitalize on the grow= th=20 spurt and grown earnings, or continue on the growth effort.)  With respect to funding future (more moderate growth), the company does ha= ve=20 some room to increase long-term debt (e.g., current ratio for 1986 =3D 2.26= ). =20 It seems that HD would get better terms and have increased flexibility by= =20 issuing additional debt rather than relying on lines of credit.  As such, H= D=20 ought to look those sources of funding and fill in any =01&funding gaps=018= with=20 funds from the line of credit.  Given the significant drop in stock price, HD is likely better off in the= =20 near term 1) moderating growth, 2) improving performance to generate cash= =20 internally, and 3) using long-term debt issuance to provide the funds=20 needed.  Once performance and stock price improves, then HD should consider= a=20 stock issuance.  How can company improve operating performance? Reduce selling, store operating expenses and pre-opening expenses Improve receivables turnover Improve inventory turnover Improve per store/sales Consider closing poor-performing stores All of which will improve margins =20 Should company change its strategy?  If so how? Shift from meteoric growth to moderate, targeted growth, and focus on=20 generating positive cash flow from operations Focus on improving performance at existing stores; specifically focus on=20 controlling costs and asset turnover and productivity Consider another debt issuance rather than rely extensively on credit line = in=20 order to decrease cost of funds and increase flexibility 
 Agreed 100%--call me an engineer. 
 Here is the gas settlement from California that we discussed on the conference call yesterday.  Best, Jeff 
 Ok, we're on for 7 pm. i've got carolyn's and Mark's #s please pass along others and i'll originate the call from here. mark, all of your points are good one's, less discuss them on teh call. best, jeff    "Vavrek, Carolyn (US - San Francisco)" <cvavrek@deloitte.com> 02/07/2001 12:25 PM 
 u see my previous note?  sorry, i've been out of the office all day and just got in. 
 Just wanted to send a note to say that I'm very sorry that I couldn't make it to the meeting, miss catching up with folks, and hope that all's going well. Hope to see you very soon.  Best, Jeff 
 check it out.  see george w. and al rap.  very funny, indeed. 
 whaddya mean?  you mean software? 
 Our signature should not be on the letter.  I'll check and see.  I didn't hear back from anyone but you. 
 Gang: Quick question.  Does the lease-buy-back free up $50M of funds for 1987? Mark, is that captured in the 1987 cash flows?  Don't think that should change our recommendation, but ran across it in the case and was wondering if we captured it.  Best, Jeff 
 Yeah, but my name's not in it. 
 I haven't heard  that, but I was running around quite a bit yesterday. Governor Backbone has however been recently attempting to appeal to the Nader (noisy) wing of the party, so it wouldn't be altogether surprising.  We can poke around.  Best, Jeff    Susan J Mara 02/08/2001 10:15 AM 
 I was thinking that it gives them $50M up front (the sale), and then they'll only have to make installment payments for the leases. 
 Sounds great.  When do we sign up?  Best, Jeff 
 "In addition, we are pursuing sale-and-leaseback negotitations for an aggregate of approximately $50 million for ten of our stores.  These sources of additional funds, along with internally generated cash flow (what internally generated cash flow???), will provide us with an ample financial foundation to continue to underwrite our growth over the next several years."  Exhibit 4, "A Letter to Our Shareholders."  Top of second column of page.  Best, Jeff    "Mark Guinney" <Mark_Guinney@watsonwyatt.com> 02/08/2001 09:51 AM 
 No apologies needed.  Thanks so much for doing so much.  Also, heads up. Mark and I are having a teensy discussion about a possible $50 in additional cash we may need to consider (see letter to shareholders, exhibit 4, top of second column).  Best, Jeff 
 I am SO excited about going up and about seeing you guys.  We're going to try (fingers crossed) to leave tomorrow afternoon.  Can you guys bring Annie? (please?). 
 Will do. 
 hi.  how's things.  my cars getting fixed as we speak!  it'll be ready next tues/wed.  I'm very excited about going to the dome this weekend and looking forward to seeing you guys.  can you please bring annie with you?  one small request:  i'm pretty frazzled with work, school, etc. and am looking forward to relaxing and hanging out with you guys.  it would be great to talk about anything other than 1) the electricity crisis and 2) george w. bush.  i figure we can talk for hours about how to get the railing done on the deck!  best, jeff 
 should we point out in memo?  think it's too late to revise? 
 hi jean:  incidentally, you're coverage of the mess via email, etc. has been unequaled.  can't thank you enough.  were there any materials giving more specifics of what the governor proposed today?  thanks very much.  Best, Jeff    Jean Munoz <jmunoz@mcnallytemple.com> 02/08/2001 03:09 PM 
 It is EXTREMELY useful.  Please continue.  And on behalf of freedom-loving people everywhere, thank you, jean.  Best, Jeff 
 Vikram Budraja cell 818.414.5998  S. David Freeman cell 213.792.4900  L.A. Office 213.897.0006 
 FYI.  Calger is in active talks with Freeman and DWR lawyers about the offer letter we submitted on Tuesday.  Freeman's very anxious to do a deal for 200 MWs from the West Desk and then start talking about a deal for power from Parquet's Pastoria plant.  Credit is of course the issue and Calger's told them that unless the credit issue is bulletproof it's not going to work.  See Chris' comments below.  It looks like progress is being made, but the details will make it or break it.  Any thoughts?  Might make sense to discuss on the call.  Please forward along to others.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm holding up just fine.  Thanks a bunch for caring.  Have a great time in the Virgin Islands!  Is it a Survivor gig?    Susan M Landwehr 02/08/2001 07:52 PM 
 Sandi's on vacation this week.  There are rumors that PG&E's actively seeking a negotiated solution with legislators and the Governor, but I can't verify and don't have details on what the negotiated agreement might look like. While's Sandi's away, have asked Mona to check in with our Sacramento lobbyists to poke around for information.  Will report back soon as we get more info. 
 Neat.    Susan M Landwehr 02/09/2001 06:38 AM 
 Thanks very much.    Robert Neustaedter@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 02/09/2001 09:39 AM 
 My techie pals showed me the feature on Enron in the most recent version of eCompany.  What a great feature.  Congratulations.  Best, Jeff    Karen Denne 02/09/2001 09:12 AM 
 FYI.  Note that TURN sez that the Commission should use the enactment date of AB1X as the date that the rate freeze ended. 
 Here is the very quick and dirty that I did on the fly for Justin yesterday. You should feel free to edit away!  Best, Jeff 
 Mike:  Please call me ASAP on this issue on my cell phone 415.505.6633. Got an idea.  Appreciate it.  Best, Jeff 
 Karen:  Harry's done some more recent work on the numbers we need to fill in, so he'll fill them in.  Harry:  the numbers we've thrown around over the last couple of months are:  From 1996 to 1999, peak demand increased by 5,522 megawatts, but only 672 megawatts of new capacity was added.  Meanwhile, electricity is growing over 5% per year. 
 I'll be on the call as will Mike Day, out outside counsel who's been helping us negotiate a fix to the DA prohibition in AB 1X.  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you very much. 
 Hey gang: I think that we should do the case.  I'm willing to help draft, and willing to take a first crack at putting some bullets together about the direction I think the memo ought to take and distribute that by about 5 PM tomorrow. Though it would be good for other folks to do same and then we could compare notes.  Makes sense?  Thoughts?  Suggestions?  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  From my "buddy" Verleger. 
 No problem.  Just wanted to throw some thoughts into the hopper. If you've gotten them from Vicky and Tom, then we're set.  Good luck. Best, Jeff 
 Just wanted to let you know that I'll be out of the office beginning at 1PM but will be checking voicemail and will be available by cell phone and pager.  Best, Jeff  PS  I'm listening to the leg hearings by phone.  Legislators are making Bryson and Mission head Al Fohr (Steve, he was the guy at the meeting we had with the Governor's staff) explain in excruciating detail all of the transactions that have taken place since AB 1890 passed (e.g., midwest power plants buys, New Zealand disco buy).  Also interrogating Harold Ray explain Edison's purchasing practices over the past couple of years (i.e., staying short in the market).  Edison's not coming off looking great.  Bryson's trying to do some major triage---and blaming Loretta for keeping Edison short. 
 Hi: Hope you're well.  Based on your note, I faxed my Direct Deposit change to Renee Kelso a week or so ago and wanted to check with her to see that she'd received it and that it was in process, but I can't find her name in email. Any suggestions on how I can check in and see how progress is going?  As always, thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Justin:  As we discussed, this is the most recent version of the proposed "fix" to the Direct Access prohibition included in AB1X that the coalition of customer groups have been working on.  They intend to give it to Debra Bowen first thing next week.  Take a look at it and if you have any questions, please let me know and I can explain the concept and how it is intended to work.  I have notified the coalition that it would be a good thing to include you on their distribution list, but I didn't want to do that until I checked with you. Let me know if that's something that you would like to do.  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you.  For what it's worth, this tracks well with what I'm hearing. Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 02/09/2001 02:19 PM 
 Thanks a million.  Please keep me posted.  See you next week!  Best, Jeff 
 Holy moly and hee haw, how the heck are ya, and what are you up to? 
 OK, it's settled.  We will NOT turn in the case this Monday.  Good call, Dylan.  Best, Jeff    Dylan Windham <dwindham@uclink4.berkeley.edu> 02/10/2001 02:53 PM 
 This appears to be a note that was sent a very long time ago and just showed up in your in-box.  I'm thinking it was the decision to raise rates that happened beginning of January.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings: My apologies.  I was out of town over the weekend and while I thought I'd have network access, I didn't.  Here's the presentation from the talk I gave in New York on 01.29.01.  I'll be updating it, but will work from these slides (as notes--no formal presentation).  If you have any questions, just give a holler.  415.782.7822.  Look forward to meeting on Wednesday.  Best, Jeff 
 Yes, please ticket. 
 Great to see you guys, and despite all the excitement, it was alot of fun. Hope that you made it back safely.  Couple of things:  I'd like to talk to several vineyard consultants, so if it ain't too much trouble, and you've got a name, I'd love to check around. Can I order two cases of coastal zin? What about the champagne?  How much per magnum is it?  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks again for your help, advice and Cristina's phone #.  We'll see where it goes from here.  But I'm shocked.  I called Cristina, and NO answering machine.  I didn't think that happened anymore.  Any way of leaving her a message?  Thanks again.  Best, Jeff 
 On the various matters currently before the California PUC: The Commission order stating that the utilities should absorb any difference between DWR's cost of power and the retail rate freeze is still technically in effect.  (The order only applies, however, to the power purchased under the Governor's emergency order giving the State the authority to buy power.) The utilities have petitioned to modify the decision telling the Commission that the easiest way to remedy the problem would be to vacate the order altogether, but if the Commission didn't want to vacate the order, it would need to change the decision so that the IOUs don't eat any shortfalls. The Commission can act on the petition to modify whenever it chooses.  In addition, it has a continuation meeting scheduled for this Thursday and a regularly scheduled business meeting next week.  So the opportunity to act and fix the Order is there if the Commission wants to take it. With respect to the cost of utility generation (i.e., retained generating assets and QF contracts), the Commission has a set up a schedule that foresses a Commission decision adopting an "interim" procurement charge on March 27th.  There is another "workshop" scheduled for tomorrow to discuss the utilities' proposals, after which the utilities will be required to file formal "advice  letters" with the Commission.  Those advice letters will form the basis of the process that the Commission will use to ultimately arrive at a decision on the 27th. Everyone participating in the workshops takes the view that  customers will see a separate line item on their bills to cover the going forward costs that DWR incurs to buy power.  Everyone participating in the workshops also takes the view that customers will be on the hook for DWR's costs and the Commission will, if necessary, raise rates to ensure that DWR is made whole. (Unfortunately, the Commission is not currently sending signals to show that it concurs with the folks participating in the workshops.  And until there is clarity on whether the Commission will agree to "pass through" those costs, Enron and others will continue to have problems with DWR's credit as it applies to the RFP that we and others responded to last week.) Next week begins the hearings to address the issues that Commission started to examine began in the emergency hearings held over the holidays, i.e., the utilities financial position, TURN's proposal to "net out" the utilitities' generation-related revenues with the undercollection caused by the rate cap, the date on which the rate has (or will) end, etc.    Recently, TURN modified its testimony in response to the passage of AB1X.  TURN's new position is that the Commission should find that the rate freeze ended on February 1st, the effective date of AB1X.   EES will need to quickly determine how and if it wants to respond to TURN's latest stance on the end of the rate freeze. We continue to try to persuade stakeholders and the Commission that DA customers must be compensated for the fact that they paid for the utilities' stranded generating assets.  That compensation could come in one of two forms:  1) access to a proportionate share of the utilities' retained, cost-based generating assets, or 2) a credit representing the difference between the "market" value of the retained generating assets and the book value of those assets.  We are not getting much traction thus far. The Commission is scheduled to issue a separate decision addressing the rate freeze issue, the issue of whether to net out generating-related revenues against the undercollection, etc. on March 27.  So both sets of issues (the procurement charges and the "end of the rate freeze) are scheduled to be "finalized" on March 27, albeit in separate orders. With respect to the Block Foward issue, our lawyers had a pretty good meeting on Friday with the DWR general counsel and other DWR lawyers.  However, it has become clear that despite those efforts, FERC's decision on "charge backs" will have a significant effect on the resolution of the Block Forward issue.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Tom:  From our contact with the Governor's office, seems that Kari Dohn, formerly in the Governor's office, and recently appointed Chair of the Electricity Oversight Board, would be the hands-down best candidate.  Best, Jeff    Tom Riley/Western Region/The Bentley Company@Exchange 02/12/2001 01:02 PM 
 1)  In Nancy's absence, I'd thought I'd keep the interesting-quotes-sharing-practice alive.  This one's from John Waters in the NYT:  "Show me a kid who's not sneaking into R-rated movies and I'll show you a failure.  All the future CEO's of this country are sneaking into R-rated movies."   2) Cameron, you are a football pool GENIUS! 
 No problem.  My pleasure.  Best, Jeff 
 George: If you get a minute, could you call to de-brief on the meeting we had the Gruma?  Just want to touch base in the event that there's any follow up. Hope that it was helpful.  Best, Jeff    George Tocquigny@EES 02/11/2001 10:15 AM 
 Don't even worry about it.  Thanks for being sensitive to the issue. Good to see you guys this weekend, despite all the excitement.  Best, Jeff    "Eldon Sellers" <eldon@interx.net> 02/12/2001 12:24 PM Please respond to eldon 
 you ain't kidding.    Evelyn Kahl Elsesser <eke@aelaw.com> 02/12/2001 12:26 PM 
 I think that it would be best for the Chancellor's office to make the contact/request, but if you need us to help, then Steve Kean, Rick Shapiro or I can make a go of it; but again, I think that it would best for the Chancellor's office to make the invite.  Best, Jeff    Tom Riley/Western Region/The Bentley Company@Exchange 02/12/2001 02:58 PM 
 Thanks.  I'll take 12 magnums.  And please order 2 cases of Coastal zin.  I think that we'll likely come by either before or after the dome trip this weekend.  I can pay you then.  I'm not looking to make money on the grapes.  Just looking for someone to finance the development of my land.  And I'd have a vineyard to look at all the time!  That'd be enough for me.  Thanks for all your help.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 02/12/2001 02:47 PM 
 On the 21st, Tauzin and Barton are holding separate meetings with executives from the respective stakeholder groups in Southern California to have "frank" discussions about California.  Steve Kean will attend for Enron.  At Steve's meetings will be other gas and electric marketers, and generators.  Linda Robertson would like to talk with us tomorrow about getting Steve prep-ed for the meeting.  She'd like to have the call at 3 PM California time.  Her assistant will be sending details very soon.  Best, Jeff 
 you're a doll.  thanks. on this one, feel free to control!  even if Cameron doesn't go up, prentice and i likely will, which means that we'll be stopping by napa (if you guys don't mind). 
 Kari Dohn.  916.324.3501.    Tom Riley/Western Region/The Bentley Company@Exchange 02/12/2001 04:02 PM 
 Oops.  I forgot to plug your phone back in after I used my computer this morning.  Sorry.  Could you call me when you get a chance? 
 I'm glad that Enron is in such stellar company.  We did not get out early last night.  See you soon.    "Kelly, Jacqueline" <Jacqueline.Kelly@schwab.com> 02/12/2001 04:54 PM 
 Here are some minor edits.  What's the timing of the release? I can work on it a bit more tomorrow on the plane to Houston if that would be useful.  Best, Jeff    Leslie Lawner 02/12/2001 03:20 PM 
 Thanks. See you tonite.  Looking forward to it.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Best, Jeff 
 Bill: Yes, I can be available to do the call.  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you very much for your help.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Laura: I'll be forwarding you additional information per your phone call with Steve.  You can expect it either later this evening or first thing in the morning.  And please feel free to contact me at the following numbers:  direct dial: 415.782.7822 pager:  888.916.7184 cell phone: 415.505.6633  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Leslie:  The proposal that ENA submitted to Peevey/Freeman includes a proposal to reduce demand by 400 MWs if the state implements financial incentives for such reductions (i.e., if the state is willing to pay, say, 7 cents/kwh to "produce," it ought to willing to pay 7 cents to "reduce.")  That proposal was distributed to the usual, company wide email distribution list last week when it was submitted.  We can discuss further on the phone call this morning.  Best, Jeff    Leslie Lawner 02/13/2001 06:53 PM 
 Some EES folks just popped into my office and asked me to pop into their meeting, which starts at noon.  I'm not sure precisely what the meeting's about, but Mona I noticed you've got it on your weekly schedule.  How do you want to handle?  I'd be happy to pop in at noon for the meet and greet part, but likely need to leave in order to work on the draft strategy---Paul wants me to distribute whatever I've got done by COB today, which I think is a good idea. 
 One thing:  remember we are "cautiously" optimistic.  That qualifier is extremely important, given the lunacy that's underway in California.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  From yesterday's editorial page in the WSJ. McFadden's one of the folks that signed the "manifesto."  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, but for some reason they didn't come across.  Could you resend? Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm on 47.  Please call at 415.505.6633.  Thanks. 
 thanks.  got it. 
 Hi sorry to bother you, but could you please print this out for me?  Thanks a bunch.  Jeff 
 Hi Laura:  I've attached three things, but first wanted to give you a bit of an update on events transpiring in Sacramento and at the Public Utilities Commission.  Move to Prohibit Customer Choice As you may know, AB1X, the bill that the Legislature recently passed and the Governor signed, gives the California Department of Water Resources the authority to buy power on behalf of the utilities.  Included in that bill, however, is a provision that prohibits "Direct Access,"  California's term for customer choice.  In sum, the bill, in its current form, prohibits businesses and consumers from chosing an alternative energy service provider, like Enron.  Our understanding is that the Department of Finance called for the prohibition. Their reasoning is that they need a "captive" customer base to pay for the bonds that the State will issue in order to finance DWR's power purchases.  Customer choice was of course the foundation of California's restructuring law, AB 1890, and is arguably the only bright spot in an otherwise fatally flawed plan.  For example, the only businesses and consumers that were protected in San Diego when rates were deregulated last year were those businesses and consumers that had signed fixed price power deals with competitive service providers.  Ironically, the recently passed legislation takes choices away from consumers and diminishes their ability to manage their energy costs.  Before AB 1890, consumers and businesses had one choice--the monopoly  utility.  With the passage of AB 1X, they again will have one choice. But this time their only choice will be to buy from a government agency DWR.  A broad coalition of consumer groups has expressed its opposition to the prohibition and Senator Debra Bowen (a key player on the Senate side), and Fred Keeley (a key player on the Assembly side), have promised to "fix" the prohibition in another bill "SB27X."  I'll forward in another email the language that the coalition has drafted and hopes Bowen and Keeley will carry.  Unfortunately, we are now hearing rumors that the Governor intends to direct the California Public Utilities to immediately implement the provisions of AB1X prohibiting Direct Access, despite the fact that a large coalition of consumers and service providers are actively working with Bown and Keeley to amend the prohibition language.  It would be extremely useful if the folks participating in the meeting on Thursday with the Governor let him know that taking choices away from businesses and customers is the wrong way to go and that he and the legislative leaders need to work with the coalition to fix it.  You'll note in the language developed by the coalition that the proposal strikes a reasonable balance between the Dept of Finance's concerns about recouping DWR's costs of buying power, and the need to give consumers and businesses maximum flexible in managing their energy costs.  Move to Have the State Take Over the Electric Industry in California  John Burton, the Democratic leader of the Senate, insists that, "if California is going to 'bail out' the utilities, the State needs to get something in return."  Burton wants the state to buy and operate PG&E's and Edison's transmission system and create a state power authority that would get in the business of (among other things) developing, financing, constructing and operating power plants and natural gas pipelines.  Burton got both of these bills designed to take over the industry passd out of his committee yesterday (SB6X and SB33X).  It is unclear how much support he has in the full Senate or in the Assembly, but the possibility of passage is certainly greater than zero at this juncture.  Others experts are offering a better alternative.  When the federal government helped Chrysler out of its financial difficulties 20 years ago, the federal government received stock warrants in return.  Until recently, the Governor favored warrants, but more recently he has waivered in his statements regarding a state take over.  Burton appears to have negotiating leverage with the Governor and appears to be using it.  Again, it would be extremely useful for folks to let the Govenor know in the meetings on Thursday that a State take over of the industry is an extreme move and bad public policy.  I will forward to you in a separate email letters that we sent to Burton expressing our opposition to his bills and the reasons for our opposition.  In brief, there is no shortage of private capital ready and willing to invest in California's energy infrastructure (i.e., power plants, electric transmission lines, gas pipelines).  All California needs to do is create the investment climate necessary to attract the capital.  In addition, history shows that the State is extremely ill-equipped to become California's mega-utility.  Here are the attachments:  A demand buy-down proposal.  We made this proposal to the Governor (and continue to propose it to policymakers in Sacramento, Washington D.C. and just about everywhere else).  In short, the notion is that, if the market is willing to pay power producers, say, 7 cents/kwh to "produce" power, then the market ought to be willing to pay businesses and consumers 7 cents/kwh to "reduce" power consumption.  This approach is critical for two reasons:  first, it provides businesses and consumers the financial incentives necessary (and that California currently lacks) to conserve energy and use energy more efficiently.  Second, because California delayed identifying and implementing a solution to California's energy crisis, its options for addressing the severe shortages that are likely occur this summer are very limited.  Reducing demand represents one of the few options that can help to immediately reduce the gap between supply and demand.  Putting financial incentives in place now to reduce demand and "free up" electrons is an investment with significant payback.  A "manifesto" recently released by a group of Berkeley and Stanford economists and industry experts urging the Govenor to pursue a "market-oriented" solution to California's energy crisis.  An editorial in yesterday's Wall Street Journal by Dan McFadden, a nobel prize-winning economist from Berkeley echoing the proposal advanced in the "manifesto."  McFadden was one of the manifesto's signatories.  Finally, we are working on "model Legislation" proposing a market-based solution that we will share with you soon and that we hope the business community--and the Valley in particular--can embrace and advocate.  I realize that this is a lot of information and I apologize for the length of this note, but I wanted to try to make sure that you're up-to-date.  Please don't hesitate to give me a call if you'd like to discuss further.  Best, Jeff   - Manifesto-final version.doc 
 Hey, groom-to-be, what happened?  So sorry I missed you.  The buzz about B. Cherry going to PG&E is starting to get louder. Hope all's well. Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  This was floating around yesterday.  Best, Jeff  What happened to the Governor's "commitment?" 
 - Manifesto-final version.doc 
 Laura: Attached are the letters that I referenced in the previous email.  The letters:  oppose SBX33--Burton (state takeover of the private electric utilities' transmission lines) oppose  SBX6--Burton (state takes significant position in generation, gas & electric transmission, energy conservation, renewable resources, real-time meters support SBX5--Sher (increase funding for energy efficiency)   Again, if you have any questions don't hesitate to contact me at 415.782.7822.  Best, Jeff    - sbx 33 oppose letter revised.doc - sbx5 support letter.doc - sbx 6 oppose letter 
 Greetings!  Couple of things.  1) From the notes flying around, it looks like the "word-smithing" of the letter to the Governor continues.  We think you folks are doing exactly the right thing in sending a letter.  We intend to play an energetic and constructive role in the months ahead to help California come up with solutions that make competition work for everyone.  But for a variety of reasons I won't bore you with in this email, we're going to decline signing the letter.  If you'd like to discuss, feel free to give me a call at 415.782.7822.  2) When's the next meeting, and when's the "annual retreat?"  All the best, Jeff 
 yes.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 02/14/2001 04:04 PM 
 Wow.  This guy sounds impressive!  I agree with Prentice's assessment (of course, I always agree with Prentice's assessment).  Best, Jeff  Happy Valentine's Day to all.    Prentice Sellers <psellers@Haas.Berkeley.EDU> 02/14/2001 01:59 PM 
 Bill:  Here's the coalition's proposed language to "fix" the Direct Access problem.  Best, Jeff 
 Yes.  I'll be on the call.  FYI:  I'm here in Houston!  Best,Jeff    Jennifer Rudolph@EES 02/14/2001 02:59 PM 
 Thanks a million.  You're very kind.  Whatever happens, happens, but it sure will be fun and exciting exploring the vine possibilities!  Happy Valentine's Day.  All the best, Jeff    "Dotty Hopkins" <dottyhop@napanet.net> 02/12/2001 04:58 PM 
 sure.  what's the price tag?    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 02/14/2001 07:02 PM 
 Sorry, but could you please print these out for me?  If the "eei.doc" is too long, please just print out the other two.  Thanks a million.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Vicki: I'll try to track it down. Jeff 
 I'm told that APS filed against PG&E and "APEC"? also filed against PG&E.  Best, Jeff    Vicki Sharp@EES 02/14/2001 07:17 PM 
 OK, the powers that be have phoned.  I am to be there tomorrow and Wed. Tomorrow I'm huddle at the Woodlands all day.  But Wednesday I'll be in the office.  Perhaps coffee or lunch?  Could you forward to the lovely Ms Scott, since every time I type her name in, I get someone from ECT.  Can't wait to hear more about Herr Cherr-y.  Best, Jeff 
 will do.  thanks.    "Dotty Hopkins" <dottyhop@napanet.net> 02/14/2001 07:18 PM 
 you done good, fella.  how's life at 50 treating you?  it was great to see= =20 you, and between you and me, i don't think that anyone would come close to= =20 guessing that you're fifty.  i want you to know that i'm constantly trying = to=20 figure out how i can get down to s.d. to spend some time together. it's=20 something that i very much look forward to, but i gotta tell you, man,=20 working for enron and attending UC's evening mba program is kicking my butt= ! =20  the good news is that enron has seen fit to promote me (senior director---o= ne=20 notch below v.p.), and i didn't even have to move to houston....and cross= =20 your fingers---if things work out i may sign a contract with a winemaker to= =20 buy grapes from 10 acres of vines on the land that i bought on the=20 sonoma/mendocino coast (vines ain't planted yet; way it works is you get th= e=20 contract from the winemaker and use the contract to finance the development= =20 of the vines).  anything but a slam dunk, but i'm going to work hard (and= =20 have fun) trying to make it happen.  it was great to see you in Oakland and thanks very much for the kind note. = =20 you will always be an very dear friend and you can count on me showing up o= n=20 your doorstep soon.  give jessica a hug and a kiss.  all the best, jeff  p.s. confidentially, and i know you'd never take it, but ken lay's been=20 throwing your name around quite a bit as the "top choice" for a FERC=20 position.  also, (and i'll tell you more when we get together), i was on a= =20 panel in new york with dan fessler!  he was the same, though arguably a=20 beaten, dejected man, based on what he did to California. 
 Bill:  Here's some more info re: the direct access coalition.  Also, the contact information for our lobbyist in Sacramento is:  Scott Govenar Governmental Advocates 916.448.8240  Best, Jeff 
 Yes, I'll put it on my calendar.  Can you come to SF? 
 FYI. 
 Laura: Attached is a 1 1/2 pager that gives 1) the extensive list of folks who are in the coalition and 2) the message points that they'll be using in a meeting that will take place today with Senator Bowen and other stakeholders to discuss "fixing" AB 1X's prohibition on Direct Access.  Best, Jeff ---   - dacoalition.summary.doc 
 thanks.  are you getting just opus, or overture and opus? 
 Very sweet.  Thank you very much. 
 we likely come by friday nite to pick up annie to go to the dome, and then we can come back early on monday to pick up wine and kick your butts at spades?    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 02/14/2001 11:53 AM 
 I don't know if they have the authority, and I could be wrong, but this looks like an obvious set up by the administration.  Hold up a report from your auditor that sez, "it makes now sense to have the two separate, Poolco is the only way to go, and they must be merged."  Then legislation is launched, on the basis of the auditor's recommendation, to merge the PX and the ISO in California.  Looks like an audit whose message we'll want to pre-empt well in advance of the report going public. 
 I'd send to Leff for distribution.    Karen Denne 02/12/2001 03:52 PM 
 My apologies.  I'm going to send you a few things that I need to print out. Thanks a bunch. Jeff 
 sue nord's place.  sort of kitty-korner to you. 
 Greetings folks: I have a meeting from 9-1 tomorrow that I must attend.  Any chance of doing at 8 am.  Apologies for the conflict. Jeff    Julie Armstrong 02/15/2001 08:55 AM 
 I'd vote for 8.    Julie Armstrong 02/15/2001 09:20 AM 
 As he said in the note, we can wait on the tile.  We'll contact our pal karen, the tiling queen, and report back.  sound reasonable?    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 02/15/2001 10:14 AM 
 It's rough, but Paul and I concluded that, since I'll be in Houston, best that I send out whatever I have by COB today.  I will be working on this more on the plane on my way to Houston.  Now we have Sandi's, Paul's and this, all of which I think are headed in the same direction and complement one another.  We'll need to meld them.  Please look at all 3 at the same time. Might be useful to begin an email conversation now with folks comments.  I'm reachable and will be back in the office on Thursday.  Best, Jeff 
 no information is yet public.  you may want to see if they have a website and if there's any information there.  best, jeff 
 Chris/Christian:  Here's a quick and dirty summary.  Apologies that it ain't proofed.  Please provide any edits that you deem necessary to make it accurate and cogent. Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks for the congratulations.  What is Stormin' Norman asking for? 
 Good luck.  If it's not too much trouble, an email summarizing the day's festivities would be helpful. Parquet ever get in touch with you? 
 Got your message.  Just as soon as we get out from under the deliverables Lay needs for Brulte, I'll turn to figuring how to get Delaney hooked up with decision makers that can make a difference in California.  Is next week too late for meetings?  Best, Jeff 
 Please forward my apologies for missing the call.  I ended up receiving a "fire-drill" assignment that needs to get done in the next couple of hours. I'll try to loop back toward the end of the day and update you on what's going on.  Very sorry about that.  Best, Jeff 
 Key Barriers to Distributed Generation  Excessive and Unnecessary Utility Stand-by Charges Solution: The executive orders issued by the Governor on February 14th took= a=20 step in the right direction.  Utility stand-by charges have always been=20 designed by the utilities to protect their monopoly position, extract=20 monopoly prices from customers, or both.  But there is no reason to limit t= he=20 elimination of these charges to generation facilities that are less than=20 1MW.  These limits will only lengthen unnecessarily the time it takes for= =20 California to close the significant gap between supply and demand and reduc= e=20 the risk of black outs.  We would propose lifting the cap through amendment= s=20 to SB27X, which is designed to facilitate development of distributed=20 generation. =20 Excessive delays and costs related to interconnecting facilities with=20 investor-owned and municipal utilities Solution:   The Governor=01,s executive order regarding interconnection is = a=20 step in the right direction=01*D-D-26-01 requires utilities to complete=20 interconnection studies within 7 days.)  However, the financial conflicts t= he=20 utilities face in interconnecting facilities are simply too powerful to=20 overcome through executive orders or other regulations.  The only effective= ,=20 sustainable solution is to shift all control over interconnection away from= =20 the utility and place that control with the California ISO.  This could be= =20 accomplished through amendments to SB 27X.  Permitting and Air Quality Issues Developers of distributed (i.e., =01&on-site=018) generation that is 50 MWs= or=20 greater must receive certification from the California Energy Commission an= d=20 therefore faces all of the impediments to development that large-scale=20 generation faces. =20  Solution: California should ensure that the executive orders (D-22-01 thru= =20 D-26-01) issued by the Governor to expedite plant siting and maximize plant= =20 output apply equally to smaller scale, =01&distributed generation=018 facil= ities.=20 In addition, distributed generation that is less than 50 MWs continues to= =20 face local opposition.  The State should ensure that local, parochial=20 interests cannot block otherwise beneficial distributed generation projects= . =20 These could be accomplished through amendments to SB27X. 
 Hi: you taking the afternoon off?  If so, have a great afternoon!  Best, Jeff 
 Happy holiday to you, too.  Is it too late to request that tonite's class (Tasker--Financial Information Analysis) get taped?  Best, Jeff 
 Jim: It was a pleasure speaking with you yesterday.  Based on our conversation,= =20 this email includes the following:  An Enron contact to discuss developing small-scale, distributed generation = on=20 Tribal lands.  Our views on the impediments to small scale, distributed generation and=20 suggestions on how to remove those impediments.  A description of the credit issues that continue to impede DWR=01,s ability= to=20 sign contracts with power suppliers, and options to resolve them. Two=20 possible options for addressing the credit issue are 1) a California PUC=20 order clarifying that DWR will recover its power purchase costs through=20 rates, and 2) an amendment to AB1X designed to accomplish the same goal.  I= =20 have attached talking points regarding the California PUC order and propose= d=20 amendments to AB1X.  We believe that an amendment to AB1X is the preferable= =20 option.  Our assessment of the supply/demand picture in California and the West.  Our suggestions for a legislative package designed to solve both the near-= =20 and long-term electricity crisis in California.  We will deliver to your=20 office tomorrow detailed legislative language.  In those materials we will= =20 also identify existing bills that we believe can easily accommodate our=20 proposed language.  I hope that the information is useful.  Please do not hesitate to contact m= e=20 if you would like to discuss these materials further, or if there is anythi= ng=20 else that I can do to assist you.  Regards, Ken    1. Contact Information to Discuss Interest Expressed by Native American=20 Tribes in Installing Small-scale Generation on  Tribal Lands  David Parquet, Vice-President Enron North America 101 California Street, Suite 1950 San Francisco, CA 94111 Phone: 415.782.7822   2. Key Barriers to Distributed Generation  Excessive and Unnecessary Utility Stand-by Charges Solution: The executive orders issued by the Governor on February 14th took= a=20 step in the right direction.  Utility stand-by charges have always been=20 designed by the utilities to protect their monopoly position, extract=20 monopoly prices from customers, or both.  But there is no reason to limit t= he=20 elimination of these charges to generation facilities that are less than=20 1MW.  These limits will only lengthen unnecessarily the time it takes for= =20 California to close the significant gap between supply and demand and reduc= e=20 the risk of black outs.  We would propose lifting the cap through amendment= s=20 to SB27X, which is designed to facilitate development of distributed=20 generation. =20 Excessive delays and costs related to interconnecting facilities with=20 investor-owned and municipal utilities Solution:   The Governor=01,s executive order regarding interconnection is = a=20 step in the right direction=01*D-D-26-01 requires utilities to complete=20 interconnection studies within 7 days.  California should ensure that this= =20 requirement applies to all generation facilities, including distributed=20 generation.  In addition, the financial conflicts the utilities face when= =20 interconnecting generation facilities are simply too powerful to overcome= =20 through executive orders or other regulations.  To the greatest extent=20 possible, California should shift control over interconnection away from th= e=20 utility and place that control with the California ISO.  This could be=20 accomplished through amendments to SB 27X.  Permitting and Air Quality Issues Developers of distributed (i.e., =01&on-site=018) generation that is 50 MWs= or=20 greater must receive certification from the California Energy Commission an= d=20 therefore faces all of the impediments to development that large-scale=20 generation faces. =20  Solution: California should ensure that the executive orders (D-22-01 thru= =20 D-26-01) issued by the Governor to expedite plant siting and maximize plant= =20 output apply equally to smaller scale, =01&distributed generation=018 facil= ities.=20 In addition, distributed generation that is less than 50 MWs continues to= =20 face local opposition.  The State should ensure that local, parochial=20 interests cannot block otherwise beneficial distributed generation projects= . =20 These objectives could be accomplished through amendments to SB27X.  3. Credit Concerns Regarding Authority Granted to DWR in AB1X to Purchase= =20 Electricity on Behalf of the Utilities=20  Enron responded to the RFP issued by DWR to enter into power contracts with= =20 suppliers. Enron is in active discussions with DWR to establish contract terms with th= e=20 goal of entering into a power purchase agreement as soon as possible. However, ambiguities contained in AB1X have created significant credit risk= =20 concerns that need to be resolved in order to finalize contract terms. We understand that the lion=01,s share of counterparties share Enron=01,s c= redit=20 risk concerns. Enron has proposed several options for resolving the credit risk issues and= =20 is working with DWR to arrive at a solution that is mutually agreeable to= =20 both sides and that might serve as a template for power purchase agreements= =20 going forward.  Summary of the Source of the Credit Risk Issue  Ambiguous Ratemaking Authority The language in AB1X leaves ambiguous whether DWR has any authority to char= ge=20 California ratepayers for the costs of purchasing power.  From our analysis= =20 of the bill, the language in AB1X appears to leave intact the California PU= C=01, s exclusive jurisdiction over ratemaking in California.  As such, suppliers= =20 have no assurance that the PUC will agree to include in rates adequate=20 charges to cover DWR=01,s costs of power purchases.  Ambiguous Regulatory Authority Regarding Contract =01&Prudence=018 The language in AB1X leaves open the possibility that the California Public= =20 Utilities Commission could determine that power purchases made by DWR are= =20 =01&imprudent.=018  On the basis of such a finding, the CPUC could then ref= use to=20 allow DWR to collect from ratepayers the costs associated with its power=20 purchases.  Consequently, suppliers have no assurance that the PUC will agr= ee=20 to include in rates the charges to cover the costs of power contracts that= =20 DWR has entered into with suppliers. =20 Ambiguous Language Regarding the Ratemaking Mechanism that Will Be Used to= =20 Recover DWR=01,s Costs of Power Purchases In addition to the ambiguity regarding ratemaking and regulatory authority= =20 noted above, the language in the bill is equally ambiguous with respect to= =20 the specific ratemaking =01&mechanics=018 that AB1X directs the PUC to empl= oy to=20 permit DWR to recover its power purchase costs. Based on our analysis, it i= s=20 extremely difficult to determine how the PUC would design the rates to ensu= re=20 DWR recovers its power purchase costs.  Moreover, as currently drafted, it = is=20 difficult to determine whether AB1X would even permit the PUC to include in= =20 rates all of the charges necessary to fully recover DWR=01,s power purchase= =20 costs.  Again, this ambiguity raises significant credit risk concerns since= =20 suppliers have little assurance that DWR will have the ability to recover= =20 from ratepayers the costs of purchasing power.  Options to Resolve Concerns Regarding Credit Risk=20  We have been working diligently with DWR officials to resolve the credit ri= sk=20 issues.  We have identified three options:  Amend AB1X The amendments, which are attached to this email, would clarify that a) the= =20 PUC would accept as =01&prudent and reasonable=018 all purchase costs incur= red by=20 DWR, and b) the PUC is obligated to include in rates the charges necessary = to=20 ensure that DWR fully recovers its costs of power purchases.  This is the= =20 preferred option, though we understand that the there may be some political= =20 challenges standing in the way of amending AB1X.  (See attached file=20 entitled, =01&XXXX=018.)  Clarify the Ambiguities in AB1X through an Order Issued by the PUC, and=20 through Contract Language This is the option that we are currently working with DWR officials to=20 implement.  However, it is more complicated and could take significantly mo= re=20 time to implement than the "legislative" fix.  We have attached electronic= =20 copies of the talking points related to the order that the California PUC= =20 would need to issue under this option.  (See attached file entitled, =01&XX= XX.=018)  Make Use of Other Instruments Designed to Address Credit Risk As indicated in our letter responding to DWR=01,s RFP, we are willing to ac= cept=20 other forms of credit from DWR.  Those options include a letter of credit,= =20 cash prepayment, or an acceptable form of collateral.  DWR officials have= =20 indicated to us that it prefers to pursue the second options, that is,=20 clarifying the ambiguities in AB1X through a PUC order and through contract= =20 amendments.  4. California=01,s Supply-demand Picture Heading into Summer 2001  Both the California Energy Commission and Cambridge Energy Research=20 Associates, a private sector energy think tank, have issued reports showing= =20 that California faces a severe supply-demand imbalance.  They differ only o= n=20 how much and how soon additional supply will be made available.  All credib= le=20 sources agree supply supply will be very tight throughout the Summer of=20 2001. =20  CEC and CERA both forecast that California will be this summer short by=20 approximately 5,000 MW.   These numbers are in line with our estimates. =20 California=01,s supply base currently has a 6% capacity margin, well below = the=20 average 15-20% which is recommended for reliable system operation in the=20 West.  Since the West relies more heavily upon hydroelectric power than oth= er=20 regions, reserves are particularly important, owing to the unpredictability= =20 of the weather and the dry year the West has had thus far.  In the event of a low rain and snow period, the system must possess the=20 flexibility to respond to the reduced availability of power supply. =20 California=01,s very low reserve margin makes it especially susceptible to= =20 this.  Other reasons for reduced supply for the Summer of 2001 include the= =20 early draw down of reservoirs close the supply-demand gas this summer,=20 emissions restrictions on existing plants, and a reduced number of customer= s=20 who can be curtailed.  Cambridge Energy Research Associates asserts that at= =20 the current pace of siting, permitting and construction, adequate supplies= =20 will not be added to correct the market imbalance until 2003 at the earlies= t.  CERA predicts that California is likely to face approximately 20 hours of= =20 rolling black outs this summer.  The CEC paints a considerably more=20 optomistic scenario, banking that California will bring an additional 5,000= =20 MWs on line to meet peaking summer demand.  It is our view that the=20 California should view the CEC's predictions regarding increased supply wit= h=20 considerably skepticism.  5. Suggested Package of Legislative Proposals Designed to Solve California= =01,s=20 Electricity Crisis  This email offers an overview of our proposed legislative solution.  We wil= l=20 deliver to your office tomorrow specific legislative language and existing= =20 bills that we believe can accommodate our proposals.  As we have suggested throughout the crisis, any solution to California cris= is=20 must focus on four issues:  Increase supply Decrease demand Establish a truly competitive retail electricity market Return California=01,s Investor-owned utilities to solvency  Increase supply--Legislative vehicle: SB28X (Sher) To site and construct a power plant in Texas takes approximately 2 years. = =20 Enron and others have completed the entire process in other states in less= =20 than a year.  In California, complex and costly air quality regulations=20 exacerbate California=01,s inability to site power plants. =20  The Governor=01,s executive orders and Senator Sher=01,s siting reform legi= slation=20 are steps in the right direction.  Our suggested amendments can improve tho= se=20 efforts by:  Decrease demand=01*Legislative Vehicle:   AB31X Because of the delay in implementing a solution to California=01,s electric= ity=20 crisis, closing the supply-demand gap through energy conservation and=20 efficiency offers the best chance of avoiding blackouts this summer.  This= =20 can be accomplished most effectively and quickly in two ways:  Buy-down demand California is tapping into an enormous amount of money from the General Fun= d=20 to finance DWR=01,s power purchases.  California could likely reduce demand= more=20 cheaply by running an auction to determine the payments businesses would be= =20 willing to receive to reduce demand for a sustained period (e.g., through t= he=20 summer months).  DWR could very easily run an on-line auction to determine= =20 the best price it could pay for these demand reductions.  To participate,= =20 businesses would be required to have the metering equipment necessary to=20 monitor and verify that they are actually achieving the reductions.  Enron= =20 has developed an on-line auction software package, =01&Dealbench,=018 that = it would=20 be willing to contribute to the effort.  Use Price Signals to Incent Voluntary Curtailment  To work, customers need access to the following key elements:  An internet based hour-ahead price posting system to track the market price= =20 for hour-ahead power in real time.=20 Real-time metering systems for baseline demand and voluntarily curtailment= =20 verification. Settlement process that allows for market clearing prices of energy to be= =20 paid for load reduction (=01&Negawatts=018).  The potential benefits of an effective demand response program would includ= e:  =01&creation=018 of additional summer peaking capacity in California, parti= cularly=20 in the short term, without requiring construction of additional generation= =20 resources. reduction of  peak or super-peak load on the over-stressed California=20 electric system, thus potentially reducing the overall cost of electricity = in=20 the state. fostering of demand elasticity without subjecting customers to the full ris= k=20 of hourly market price volatility by passing market price signals to=20 customers and allowing them to voluntarily shed load and be compensated for= =20 responding.=20  We estimate that we could generate a summer 2001 on-peak demand response in= =20 excess of 400 MW during certain high cost hours, and a demand response for= =20 summer 2002 on-peak hours that could exceed 1000 MW.  We further estimate= =20 that the market response to this program from all ESPs who would also pay= =20 Access Fees could be 2 to 3 times that amount.  We recommend that the State= =20 of California provide rebates directly to customers to fund the installatio= n=20 of advanced metering and control systems that would support load curtailmen= t=20 implementation.  Establish a truly competitive retail electricity market=01*Legislative vehi= cle:=20 SB27X The only customers who were protected from price volatility in San Diego we= re=20 customers who chose Direct Access and signed fixed price deals with energy= =20 service providers.  Ironically, AB1X takes that important option away from= =20 customers and businesses.  It is critical that AB1X be amended to remove th= e=20 prohibition against Direct Access.  In addition, California will only achieve a competitive retail market when= =20 the utility is removed completely from the procurement function.  Procureme= nt=20 is not a utility core competency, as evidenced by the dire financial=20 condition in which the utilities now find themselves.  California should=20 therefore begin now to gradually phase the utility out of the procurement= =20 function entirely, with the goal having all customers served by a non-utili= ty=20 provider within 36 months.  To execute the transition, California should ho= ld=20 a competitive solicitation in which competing service providers would bid f= or=20 the right to serve segments, or =01&tranches,=018 of utility load.  Return California=01,s Investor-owned utilities to solvency=01*Legislative = vehicle:=20 AB18X Utility bankruptcy will not increase supply and it will not decrease demand= . =20 In short, bankruptcy does nothing to solve California=01,s supply-demand=20 imbalance.  In addition, bankruptcy increases the likelihood that consumers= =20 and businesses will bear the significant financial risks of having Californ= ia=20 State government assume the role of =01&electricity buyer=018 for an extend= ed=20 period of time.  California can return the utilities to financial solvency by implementing a= =20 series of staged rate increases.  California should design those rate=20 increases with the dual goal of returning the utilities to solvency without= =20 =01&shocking=018 the economy or consumers=01, wallets (e.g., amortize the r= ecovery of=20 the utilities=01, debt over a 5-10 year period). The magnitude of the rate= =20 increase can be reduced in two ways: First, the utilities could absorb some= =20 portion of their existing debt in recognition of the risk they accepted whe= n=20 they agreed to the structure of AB 1890.  Second, California can =01&net=01= 8 the=20 revenues the utilities have received from selling electricity into the Powe= r=20 Exchange against the debts they have accrued due to the retail price cap. 
 Thanks, Christian.  We're including it in the package to Brulte and will let you know how it proceeds.  Best, Jeff 
 Steve: Here's a substantially more cleaned-version, with attachments.  There's a= =20 hard copy on your chair.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 Hi Rosalee: Steve asked that I forward this to you.  I believe that Steve left you a=20 voicemail describing the nature of the email.  All the best, Jeff 
 Greetings All:  First, I am apologizing in advance for any typos in this email.  Schedule i= s=20 very tight, but I wanted to make sure that everyone had it first thing this= =20 morning, with some back-up info that I've included below.  Attached is the email that was sent to Ken Lay's office yesterday evening f= or=20 delivery to Sen. Brulte.  It's of course confidential.  Few points:  I don't have Bev's email, so if you could please forward to her, that would= =20 be appreciated. As we discussed (Jim, Mike, Bev, Scott, Hedy) on our lengthy call on=20 Wednesday, I'm assuming that the plan is still to "wallpaper" Sacramento wi= th=20 our proposed legislation. This email does not contain the legislation.  Mike sent the "final" version= s=20 of our legislation out yesterday, except for the siting piece, which I=20 believe Brian Cragg of Mike's office is finalizing today. You'll note that we promise Senator Brulte in the email that we'll deliver = to=20 his office today the proposed legislation.  Again, based on our call on=20 Wednesday, I'm assuming that we would simultaneously release the proposed= =20 legislation to the rest of the world at the same time. When we spoke on Wednesday, we decided that the Sacramento team would=20 determine to whom we would circulate the proposed legislation at the same= =20 time that we deliver the Senator Brulte. I'm assuming that you folks will= =20 handle that end of things.  Please let us know at your convenience to whom= =20 you've decided to circulate. This email does, however, include a "summary" of our proposed legislation. = =20 But I'm not certain that the summary included in this email is the=20 appropriate language to distribute "to the world," or if we'll need instead= =20 to tailor some new language.  I think we all agreed that we need a "one=20 pager" to accompany the legislative package so that we can communicate the= =20 package effectively. We also discussed the need to quickly develop a coalition to support our=20 proposals.  We didn't finalize that plan.  Perhaps the Sacramento team coul= d=20 propose a plan to do that.  Perhaps we could start with our friends in the= =20 Direct Access coalition? We also talked about the need at this point to engage in PR and to get the = PR=20 machinery activated, also with the goal of effectively communicating our=20 legislative package/message.  We're in a meeting with folks today where we= =20 can discuss getting that side of things going and Karen Denne has contacted= =20 Marathon and they're pondering some things that we can do in the near term. You'll note that there's a considerable amount of information about the DWR= =20 credit issue.  As I recollect, we discussed the issue in depth on the call.= =20 You note that attached to the email is a "legislative fix" to AB1X that cou= ld=20 solve the credit issue and an attached set of "taking points" related to a= =20 second alternative to solving the credit issue:  a PUC order clarifying tha= t=20 DWR will get its money for power purchase costs. Note also that Steve Kean reminded me that we've got to continue to push to= =20 get the utilities out of the merchant function.  Accordingly, I've put a=20 brief paragraph on that issue in the note to Brulte in the last section=20 (legislative solution) under the topic "create a real competitive retail=20 market in California."  To the best of my knowledge, we don't have=20 legislative language on that piece yet, and it seems that we'll need to=20 discuss it in considerably more depth before doing so.   If you have any questions about any of the materials in the email, please= =20 don't hesitate to contact me or Jim or Sandi to discuss.  I can be best=20 reached to day by pager at 888.916.7184. =20  Thanks to all for helping pull this together.  Best, Jeff 
 Looks like we'll be staying the night and leaving in the AM. 
 was travelling all week.  would be happy to discuss this weekend, but i'd need to be by phone, since i'll be in mendocino.  are the handouts from thursday that i need to get?  Best, Jeff    Anil Sama <asama@yahoo.com> 02/16/2001 12:55 PM 
 This is Kathy Franz w/Win2K Desktop Support.  I have copied the names and journal.nsf files for Jeff Dasovich to the appropriate locations on the server. They are ready to be copied up to EESHOU-LN1.  Thanks,  Kathy Franz 713-327-4709 (pager)  P.S. Please do this ASAP as customer is scheduled to leave at 4pm today. 
 will do.  thanks.    Ginger Dernehl 02/16/2001 01:38 PM 
 Scott Govenar, our outside lobbyist,  (916.448.8240) and Mike Day, our outside counsel, might also be useful resources for you, John.  Best, Jeff    John Neslage@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 02/16/2001 03:44 PM 
 Thanks a million, Jean. 
 Thanks very much.  Let's keep trying.  And congratulations on a great find in Roger.  Best, Jeff    "Robert Weisenmiller" <rbw@mrwassoc.com> 02/16/2001 03:54 PM 
 We'll need to discuss further internally, but they may be correct in their assessment.  Best, Jeff    Tom Riley/Western Region/The Bentley Company@Exchange 02/16/2001 07:03 PM 
 I apologize, but I won't be in SF Monday evening, and this week coming up will be a grinder.  I have a lot of time to work on it over the weekend, though. I can provide a fax number tomorrow where the materials can be sent to me.  And I assume that they are on the Izio site, too.  I'm going to go there now.  Tomorrow, I'll try to crunch some numbers and outline the one-pager and distribute to folks by the end of the day.  Then perhaps we can email each other on Monday and try to make some progress on the memo by the end of the day.  That should put us in pretty good shape to finish it up Tuesday and Wednesday.  If I can't get the materials off of Izio, I'll let you know.  I'll report back in the AM tomorrow with a proposed game plan, once I've collected all the materials and pondered things a bit.  Sound reasonable? Thoughts?  Just let me know.  Mark, I hope that if you're in Denver, that means you're skiing.  Best, Jeff    "Mark Guinney" <Mark_Guinney@watsonwyatt.com> 02/17/2001 12:04 PM 
 Connection-specific DNS Suffix  . : corp.enron.com IP Address. . . . . . . . . . . . : 172.28.228.37 Subnet Mask . . . . . . . . . . . : 255.255.254.0 Default Gateway . . . . . . . . . : 172.28.228.1 
 Got everything off of Izio.  I'll start messing with it and report back tomorrow.  If others want to do the same, have at it, and we can compare notes.  Best, Jeff    "Vavrek, Carolyn (US - San Francisco)" <cvavrek@deloitte.com> 02/16/2001 10:21 PM 
 Looks fine to me.  What's your expectations re: Freeman paying us what he owes us?  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  I told Chris that it looks fine with me.  Seems like a useful tactic, i.e., maybe if you pay me what you owe for power already delivered, I might consider doing a deal for power going forward....  Best, Jeff 
 Fax number (in LA) is 213.897.9560.  I don't have the address.  Did we use the LA address on the original response letter delivered on 2.6.01?  I can't recall.  Let me know.  I can call and get the address if necessary.  Best, Jeff 
 Chris/Christian:  FYI.  Here's the version that Kean and I sent to Ken Lay's office for=20 transmittal to Brulte.  Ken Lay may have chaged it a bit.  I'll find out an= d=20 let you know, but wanted you to have what we forwarded to him.  Thanks agai= n=20 for all the help.  Best, Jeff 
 I took a stab at drafting the memo.  I pooped out on the last question, however and was only able to jot down some thoughts.  Caution:  The memo ain't been proofed.  I did it as a memo to the CEO of Timberland, but we don't need to do it that way.  Also attaching files (one each for each of the scenarios asked for, so that folks could see what I did).  Have not constructed the "one-page attachment, however.  Let me know what you think.  Best, Jeff      "Mark Guinney" <Mark_Guinney@watsonwyatt.com> 02/18/2001 02:31 PM 
 Since it seems like folks may have only been sporadically receiving my emails, please let me know if you receive the memos and accompanying spreadsheets that I just sent.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Wow, thanks Dylan.  I thought that I was on the hook for this one.  Let me know what I can do to help.  I've read it and will look at what Mark's done and throw my 2 cents in. I'll be working on it tomorrow morning.  Best, jeff    Dylan Windham <dwindham@uclink4.berkeley.edu> 02/18/2001 08:37 PM 
 I'm on the case.  I'll look at what you folks did and take a crack at writing the memo.  I'll shoot for writing and sending around at some point today. Otherwise, it'll be tomorrow.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings.  I have left two messages on the voice mail authorizing the help desk to delete everything in my haas account.  That should help.  Please consider this email authorization to delete everything in the account. Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 you never need to ask.  you can always use me as a reference.  what's it for?    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 09/20/2000 02:44 PM 
 I can' t thank you enough for organizing my business cards.  I know it's a pain and I really appreciate it.  Thank you so much.  Also, I've got an entry in my bank account (EDI payment) for abou $5700.  Do you have the paper for that?  Do I have any other expense thing-ees coming?  Thanks, Jeff 
 thanks so much for dinner.  it was really, really good.  and SO sorry for beating the pants off of you in spades (tee hee).  and i JUST put your check for the wine in the mail!  have a great week.  Best, Jeff 
 yes.  check for 576.29 is in the mail!  thanks so much for getting the coastal, and the champagne, and the opus!  can't thank you enough.  i've also mailed you a new bottle of oyster sauce.  jeff 
 Please turn comments around as quickly as possible.  The folks in Sacramento need them by 1 PM CST.  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff    Scott Govenar <sgovenar@govadv.com> 02/20/2001 07:11 AM 
 In all week, except tomorrow, when I'll be in Pasadena with Steve Kean at a meeting of Republican Congressional folks to discuss CA's electricity mess.    Joseph Alamo 02/20/2001 12:18 PM 
 Linda: I will have the California update done for Steve today.  Maureen, could I possibly get the fax # where Steve will be staying this evening in the event that I need to fax it to him directly?  What time will he be leaving for LA? Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Well, this would seem to indicate one of two things: either Hertzberg's is now an absolute lost cause, or it's more urgent than ever to have Ken Lay talk to him.  Given the situation, it would still seem prudent to have Ken Lay talk to the Speaker.  Best, Jeff    Scott Govenar <sgovenar@govadv.com> 02/20/2001 09:12 AM 
 plx check fax (646.8160).  Leg is out.  give a call.  Jeff 
 Be happy to discuss.  My preference would be to have a brief call to discuss, since Mr. Filner is on a mission to tan a few hides over the price spikes in S.D.  At congressional and FERC hearings in S.D. last week, Mr. Filner called generators and marketers quite a few ugly names, fingered them as the cause for the high prices, and demanded that Congress and FERC make them give all the money back to S.D. consumers.  Fairly sensitive item, to put it mildly. I'm at 415.782.7822.  Best, Jeff  Michael Kenneally@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 09/21/2000 10:47 AM 
 Carolyn, you're a star.  Thanks for the input , Anil.  For what it's worth, I'll take a final looksee this evening and tie up any loose ends (though I doubt that there will be any).  I'll send around to all for one last peek in the morning, and I'll bring a copy to turn in.  Sound reasonable?  Let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you.  I'll be picking Steve up at the hotel and 9:30 am tomorrow morning.  And thank you very much for paging him for me.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Rosalee: Steve Kean asked that I send you this note for transmittal to Ken Lay.  Mr.= =20 Lay may receive a call from David Freeman regarding on-going power=20 negotiations between the California Department of Water and Enron, but it i= s=20 not certain that he will call.  In the event that he does phone, we would= =20 like to make sure that Mr. Lay gets this information prior returning the=20 call.  Thanks very much for your help.  All the best, Jeff  Mr. Lay:  As you know we've been working very hard with David Freeman trying to hamme= r=20 out a power deal with CDWR.  The big issue getting in the way of the deal= =20 continues to be credit. I've attached the summary of the credit issues and= =20 possible solutions to the problem that was included in the email to Senator= =20 Brulte last week.  As part of the ongoing efforts to resolve the credit=20 issues, Chris Calger of the Portland office sent a letter to David Freeman= =20 yesterday.  That letter is also attached.  In sum, the letter:  expresses our commitment to continue working together to resolve the credit= =20 issues,and, requests payment for power previously delivered to CDWR and pre-payment for= =20 any new deliveries.  In response, David Freeman phoned Chris Calger expressing dissappointment= =20 that 1) we had yet to sign a power deal with DWR, despite your meeting with= =20 Dave Freeman and Mike Peevey a couple of weeks ago, and 2) we would make a= =20 power deal contingent upon a) payment for power previously delivered to DWR= =20 and b) pre-payment for any future deliveries.  Freeman suggested that we=20 could sign the deal for 200 MWs of power now, but then back out of the deal= =20 if CDWR fails to get adequate credit provisions in place within the next fe= w=20 weeks.  Given the political climate in California, we are of course not=20 anxious to sign a deal today that carries significant credit risk and=20 announce later that we are backing out of the deal, since doing so would=20 place the Company in a very uncomfortable political position.  Instead, we= =20 continue to suggest that it's best for all parties to have the credit issue= s=20 resolved up front.  You may receive a call from David Freeman seeking to discuss these issues= =20 further.  As you know, the credit issues are significant and we are working= =20 hard to overcome those issues.  But in the current climate, where the=20 Governor and the Legislature are actively discussing a complete takeover of= =20 the electric industry in California, getting the contract issues right is= =20 critical.  Regards, Jeff Dasovich   SUMMARY OF CREDIT ISSUES FROM BRULTE EMAIL  Credit Concerns Regarding Authority Granted to DWR in AB1X to Purchase=20 Electricity on Behalf of the Utilities=20  Enron responded to the RFP issued by DWR to enter into power contracts with= =20 suppliers. Enron is in active discussions with DWR to establish contract terms with th= e=20 goal of entering into a power purchase agreement as soon as possible. However, ambiguities contained in AB1X have created significant credit risk= =20 concerns that need to be resolved in order to finalize contract terms. We understand that the lion=01,s share of counterparties share Enron=01,s c= redit=20 risk concerns. Enron has proposed several options for resolving the credit risk issues and= =20 is working with DWR to arrive at a solution that is mutually agreeable to= =20 both sides and that might serve as a template for power purchase agreements= =20 going forward.  Summary of the Source of the Credit Risk Issue  Ambiguous Ratemaking Authority The language in AB1X is ambiguous as to whether DWR has any authority to=20 charge California ratepayers for the costs of purchasing power.  From our= =20 analysis of the bill, the language in AB1X appears to leave intact the=20 California PUC=01,s exclusive jurisdiction over ratemaking in California.  = As=20 such, suppliers have no assurance that the PUC will agree to include in rat= es=20 adequate charges to cover DWR=01,s costs of power purchases.  Ambiguous Regulatory Authority Regarding Contract =01&Prudence=018 The language in AB1X leaves open the possibility that the California Public= =20 Utilities Commission could determine that power purchases made by DWR are= =20 =01&imprudent.=018  On the basis of such a finding, the CPUC could then ref= use to=20 allow DWR to collect from ratepayers the costs associated with its power=20 purchases.  Consequently, suppliers have no assurance that the PUC will agr= ee=20 to include in rates the charges to cover the costs of power contracts that= =20 DWR has entered into with suppliers. =20 Ambiguous Language Regarding the Ratemaking Mechanism that Will Be Used to= =20 Recover DWR=01,s Costs of Power Purchases In addition to the ambiguity regarding ratemaking and regulatory authority= =20 noted above, the language in the bill is equally ambiguous with respect to= =20 the specific ratemaking =01&mechanics=018 that AB1X directs the PUC to empl= oy to=20 permit DWR to recover its power purchase costs. Based on our analysis, it i= s=20 extremely difficult to determine how the PUC would design the rates to ensu= re=20 DWR recovers its power purchase costs.  Moreover, as currently drafted, it = is=20 difficult to determine whether AB1X would even permit the PUC to include in= =20 rates all of the charges necessary to fully recover DWR=01,s power purchase= =20 costs.  Again, this ambiguity raises significant credit risk concerns since= =20 suppliers have little assurance that DWR will have the ability to recover= =20 from ratepayers the costs of purchasing power.  Options to Resolve Concerns Regarding Credit Risk=20  We have been working diligently with DWR officials to resolve the credit ri= sk=20 issues.  We have identified three options:  Amend AB1X The amendments, which are attached to this email, would clarify that a) the= =20 PUC would accept as =01&prudent and reasonable=018 all purchase costs incur= red by=20 DWR, and b) the PUC is obligated to include in rates the charges necessary = to=20 ensure that DWR fully recovers its costs of power purchases.  This is the= =20 preferred option, though we understand that the there may be some political= =20 challenges standing in the way of amending AB1X.  (See attached file=20 entitled, =01&AmendAB1X.doc=018.)  Clarify the Ambiguities in AB1X through an Order Issued by the PUC, and=20 through Contract Language This is the option that we are currently working with DWR officials to=20 implement.  However, it is more complicated and could take significantly mo= re=20 time to implement than the "legislative" fix.  We have attached electronic= =20 copies of the talking points related to the order that the California PUC= =20 would need to issue under this option.  (See attached file entitled,=20 =01&cpuctalkingpoints.doc.=018)  Make Use of Other Instruments Designed to Address Credit Risk As indicated in our letter responding to DWR=01,s RFP, we are willing to ac= cept=20 other forms of credit from DWR.  Those options include a letter of credit,= =20 cash prepayment, or an acceptable form of collateral.  DWR officials have= =20 indicated to us that DWR prefers to pursue the second options. That is, DWR= =20 prefers to clarify the ambiguities in AB1X through a PUC order and through= =20 contract amendments.  LETTER FROM CHRIS CALGER TO DAVID FREEMAN  February 19, 2001   S. David Freeman, Advisor to the Governor California Department of Water Resources 1416 =01) 9th Street Sacramento, California 95814  FAX# (213) 897-9560  Re: Proposed Short-Term CAISO Firm Energy Sale  Dear Mr. Freeman,  As we described in our Response to Notice and Invitation to Bid dated=20 February 6, 2001, Enron Power Marketing Inc. (=01&EPMI=018) and its affilia= tes are=20 prepared to provide California Department of Water Resources (=01&CDWR=018)= various=20 power and power-related products.  At this time, however, EPMI and CDWR are= =20 not in agreement with respect to the form of contract and the credit suppor= t=20 required to enter into long-term transactions.  In response to your request= =20 of February 14, 2001, EPMI proposes that CDWR consider a short-term firm=20 energy transaction. =20  EPMI is prepared to offer to CDWR CAISO Firm Energy under the attached EEI= =20 Agreement and Confirmation Letter subject to (i) the payment in full by CDW= R=20 to EPMI on or before February 21, 2001 for deliveries of power already made= =20 by EPMI to CDWR; (ii) confirmation that CDWR will pay EPMI in full for the= =20 new power deliveries according to the schedule described in the attached=20 Confirmation Letter; and (iii) CDWR will in good faith consider the followi= ng=20 proposals described in our Response To Notice and Invitation to Bid dated= =20 February 6, 2001:  a) Unit Contingent Power supply from Pastoria Energy Facility b) Firm Power Supply from Market Sources c) Hourly Demand Response Program  The amounts due from CDWR to EPMI are described below:  DATE  DESCRIPTION   NET SALES JAN  CDWR    $578,870.00 JAN  CDWR    $4,913,100.00 FEB  CERS    $6,014,000.00 FEB1-17 Block Forward    $2,502,000.00 Total:  $14,007,970.00  The above amount can be wire transferred to:  BNK:  Bank of America For: Enron Power Marketing, Inc. ABA:  Routing # 111000012 ACCT:  #375 046 9312 Confirmation: Enron Power Marketing, Inc. Credit and Collections (713) 853-5667  If we find that payment has been made, we will be able to offer a firm pric= e,=20 and if we are in agreement at that time, we will sign and forward the=20 attached documents.  On Friday, February 16, 2001, the price for the power= =20 described in the attached Confirmation Letter was $270 per MWh.  The price = is=20 subject to change based on market conditions and will need to be revised an= d=20 confirmed prior to execution of the attached Confirmation Letter. =20  EPMI is available to discuss this proposal at your convenience and we will = be=20 available on Tuesday, February 20, 2001 to discuss the amounts payable=20 described above.   We are prepared to continue working with you and your te= am=20 to establish a Master Agreement with sufficient credit support to enable us= =20 to enter into other agreements that best meet your power purchase needs.   = I=20 can be reached at (503) 464-3735.  Yours Truly,  ENRON POWER MARKETING, INC.   Christopher F. Calger Managing Director 
 Sorry, Mike.  Just got this.  Will try to turn it around pronto.  Our guy John Neslage is trying to pull together exactly what you're requesting. He'll get it to you as soon as we've got it pulled together.  Best, Jeff    Mike D Smith@EES 02/20/2001 10:53 AM 
 Thanks very much, Rosalee.  Have a nice evening.  Best, Jeff 
 Man, you're quick.  Thanks very much.  This is really starting to get wierd. Makes Cuba look capitalist.  Best, Jeff 
 Joe/Sue:  We'll need to brief Steve on the fed/state issues tied to the state buying the TX systems of PG&E and Edison prior to his meeting with the Congressional Republicans tomorrow.  I'll be driving with Steve from  LA to Pasadena (where the meeting is) tomorrow beginning at about 9:30 AM PST (the meeting's at 10:30 AM PST).  Could we put together a call-in number at 9:45 or 10 AM PST so you could quickly/briefly brief Steve on the issues prior to the 10:30 AM meeting?  Let me know if this works, or if there's a better way to get him up to speed on the issues before the meeting.  Thanks very much for helping to pull this together on such short notice.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  We should discuss on tomorrow's call.  Best, Jeff 
 Dudes: My other team has now finished the case that's due on Thursday (in another class), so I will spend this evening turning what's been passed around into memo format and distribute for review and comment by (what will likely be late) this evening.  I'm travelling tomorrow--back late afternoon--and can work on it more tomorrow night.  Best Jeff 
 Shmuel: Flattered that you would ask.  I should be able to participate.  Let's discuss further.  Give me a call.  415.782.7822.  Best, Jeff    "Shmuel Oren" <oren@ieor.berkeley.edu> 02/19/2001 11:36 AM 
 Message Points  Recent legislative proposals designed to have the state play a dominant rol= e=20 in developing, owning and operating power plants in California (SB6X--Burto= n)=20 and buy PG&E and Edison's electric transmission assets (SB33X--Burton) are= =20 taking California in the wrong direction and won't solve the State's=20 electricity crisis. Two new bills are equally disturbing:  AB60X (Hertzerg) would make plant=20 certification contigent upon the developer agreeing to sell the power to th= e=20 state at "just and reasonable, cost based rates."  SB39X (Spier) would make= =20 power plant owners public utilities The proposals represent a political solution, not a commercial, financial,= =20 economic or technical solution. =20 As a political solution, these bills will not increase supply, decrease=20 demand, or get the utilities back on their financial feet. In fact, it's worse than that.  These bills will exacerbate California's=20 problems: The transaction contemplated in SB33X is extremely complex, requiring=20 approval by state and federal authorities, bondholders, creditors and=20 others.  California will be forced to spend an enormous amount of time and= =20 resources trying to achieve the deal, with no certainty of success,=20 particularly in view of PG&E's public opposition.  In the meantime, summer= =20 approaches, and the gap between supply and demand remains staggering.  This= =20 complex, costly and litigious alternative will not lessen the serious threa= t=20 of blackouts that California faces this summer. SB6X would have the state finance, develop, own and/or operate power plants= =20 in the state.    ? Unfortunately, the proposal being offered will not solve the problem;=20 rather, it=01,s a significant step backward that will make matters worse in= =20 California.  ? The reason?  Rather than remove California=01,s roadblocks to increased= =20 generation and transmission investment, this proposal requires California t= o=20 use taxpayer dollars to get into the business of financing, owning and=20 operating power plants and transmission.  ? The best solution =01) recognized across the country and around the world= =01) is=20 for the state to allow private companies to site new generation immediately= .  ? Once built, California could easily enter into contracts with private pow= er=20 plant developers and avoid using taxpayers=01, dollars.  ? Given government=01,s other failed experiments in other large scale=20 participation into public power, like TVA, BPA, NYPA, it is highly unlikely= =20 that a California state agency will succeed in doing something that private= =20 capital is better equipped and willing to do.  ? In the short, the proposal is neither in the public interest nor rational= .  ? Issuing debt to build power plants and take over transmission systems cos= ts=20 consumers money and takes money away from investments in schools and other= =20 important priorities.  ? We would be willing to work with the Legislature to help craft a bill tha= t=20 gets more supply in California quickly, efficiently, and in an=20 environmentally sound manner, but this draft achieves only one goal: =20 creating more bureaucracy. 
 Three articles that folks might find of particular interest written in the past couple of days.  Best, Jeff 
 Fellows: OK, here's the beginning of the memo.  I'm still working on it, but work cratered on me and I have to switch back to that now.  I'll have a draft finished by tomorrow night and I'll redistribute.  Couple things.  Check the DuPont.  Asset turn needed to be changed, because the pro form calcs hadn't taken the cash out of the assets.  That bumps the ROE up some. See my attached file, I decompose ROE using an alternative method (Mark, the one Tasker used in class) just to do a check, and the numbers turn out the same.  I also ran some turnover ratios for AHP and Warner (understanding the limitations of one year's numbers.)  Questions: Don't we have to assume that covenants will force AHP to dump its divident payout?  Folks likely to get unhappy about that?  Should we care, or should we just expect a rotation out of the stock by dividend-loving investors and rotation in by capital-gains loving investors?  Could we persuade the new management to lever up with an argument that with all that cash on the books, AHP is ripe for takeover?  Anyway just some thoughts.  I'll finish it up tomorrow and re-distribute.  Herr Jackson:  I haven't had a chance to review your comments, but I'll incorporate those in tomorrow as well.  Best, Jeff 
 ah jeez, nobody tell timi and rory.... 
 Sue: Could you use your contacts with Edelman to get on the phone with Scott, Mark and Karen to jump start this thing?  Best, Jeff    Scott Govenar <sgovenar@govadv.com> 02/21/2001 08:26 AM 
 talked to mike h.  problem solved.  disregard franctic voicemail.  best,jeff 
 Any intelligence from "closed door" meeting? 
 nice smushing. 
 OK, last call for comments.  Need them by noon.  I'll bring copies to class for everyone, including Ms Tasker.  Best, Jeff 
 Hey folks.  Mr. Jackson makes some very good points, which I'd like to include.  However, before I work them in, wanns make sure that everyone agrees with his comments, since including some of his will require some modifications to the direction that the memo takes.  We could discuss in a brief conference call if folks wish.  Also, please review what I've done--not major edits, but edits (with some questions and additions) nonetheless.  Best, Jeff 
 Sorry, to fill your in-boxes, but wanted to make sure that you folks have the comments that are getting filed. Best, Jeff 
 Dude.  You rock.  A hearty, hearty congratulations.  Wish you all the best and great success in your new role.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks very much, John.  When this is complete, I'd like to send to the larger distribution list.  In fact, if you concur, I'd like to send this around to the rest of the group right now.  Let me know. 
 You're very sweet.  Thank you very much.  However, I still am counting the days, and looking forward to, working with you folks.  Best, Jeff 
 To say that you are a treasure is apt, though understates the incredible job that you do and the wonderful person that you are to work with. Congratulations and all the very best.  Best, Jeff 
 thank you, cindy. 
 Thank you very much for the kind thoughts.  All the best and I hope that all is well in your neck of the woods, Best, Jeff    Ricardo Charvel 02/22/2001 12:19 PM 
 Here they are.  Best, Jeff  - dacoalition.summary.doc - subscription.protocols revised     Tom Riley/Western Region/The Bentley Company@Exchange 02/22/2001 11:47 AM 
 A very, very hearty congratulations on your promotion, Ms Leibman.  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you very much for including me on this. Really great to see you last week.  Hope to see you again soon.  And thanks very much for a great dinner.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  How quaint.    Paul Kaufman@ECT 02/22/2001 09:26 AM 
 I think that this is what Sandi was referring to.  If not, please let me kn= ow.  Best, Jeff 
 Sue:  The way that I understood what Loretta said, the utilities will not be forced to absorb the shortfall between the price cap and DWR's cost of power. Instead, she said that DWR will be responsible for those costs.  (That ought to make DWR an even less creditworthy entity.)  I'll check in with Mike Day's folks to make sure that I heard correctly and get more details.  Will report back just as soon as we get more information.  Best, Jeff   ****************************************************************************** *************************************** Susan J Mara 02/22/2001 12:36 PM 
 Carol: Steve should double check.  As I understand it, they did vote out the decision implementing AB1X, however, the decision removed the language prohibiting direct access and made DWR, not the utility, "responsible" for any shortfalls caused by the difference between the price cap and DWR's cost of buying power.  Best, Jeff    "Carol Hudson" <carol@iepa.com> 02/22/2001 01:10 PM Please respond to carol 
 Davis Signals Utility's Grid Could Be Seized Power: Governor says eminent domain is a possible last resort against PG&E, which is balking in state sales negotiations. By DAN MORAIN and NANCY RIVERA BROOKS, Times Staff Writers On the eve of a new round of rescue negotiations with a reluctant Pacific Gas & Electric Co., Gov. Gray Davis suggested Wednesday that as a last resort the state could seize the utility's prized electrical transmission system through eminent domain. That saber-rattling cut against the grain of some rare good news in the state's continuing electricity crisis. The energy supply crunch eased slightly as grid operators pumped up the cushion between supply and demand, and for the first time in more than five weeks the statewide power grid was operating under a relatively mild Stage 1 emergency. Negotiations with the state's two other big utilities--Southern California Edison and San Diego Gas & Electric--were described by a Davis aide as going "very well." But the governor, responding to a reporter's question, would not rule out the idea of taking over transmission assets through eminent domain, a legal proceeding by which government can take over private property, at a price determined by a court. His aides downplayed the possibility, and Davis said he intends to continue talking with utility executives in an effort to resolve the weighty questions. "My strong preference is to do this through [a] cooperative negotiation process rather than just seize it," Davis said at a brief news conference at an elementary school south of Sacramento. Davis is insisting that the utilities give up control of the massive system of high-voltage transmission lines in exchange for an infusion of state money that would allow Southern California Edison and Pacific Gas & Electric to restructure their multibillion-dollar debts. While Edison and San Diego Gas & Electric executives have said they are willing to discuss the sale of their portion of the 32,000-mile statewide grid, PG&E, the state's largest utility, is balking. "The governor would like to solve this thing in one fell swoop, but if PG&E is sitting up there being obdurate, then this thing is severable," Davis political advisor Garry South said in Los Angeles. The utilities need the state's help to buy electricity, as wholesale prices have soared since May and supplies have been stretched to the limit. Under the state's limited deregulation plan, the companies were forced to buy wholesale power at market prices but were not allowed to pass along increased costs to customers. Internal administration documents circulated in the Capitol last week show that the state was considering paying 2.3 times the grid's "book value," or about $7.3 billion, for the grid serving all three companies. A top utility source, requesting anonymity, said the figure was in the "ballpark" of what was being discussed. Talks will continue today with all three utilities. Davis had not decided whether he would join the talks directly, or leave that task to his aides, San Francisco attorney Michael Kahn and former Southern California Edison executive Michael Peevey. "We're still hopeful for an announcement by Friday," Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said Wednesday night.  Transmission Grid the Key Davis insisted that the transmission grid is key to any deal. The utilities would use cash from the purchase to restructure debt and the state would use its ability to raise money through bond sales to revamp the aging system, which is said to need $1 billion in improvements. "That will be part of the solution," Davis said. "I will not sign off on a resolution of this [without the transmission grid]." South, the governor's chief political advisor, acknowledged that PG&E is in more difficult financial straits than Edison, largely because the PG&E electricity rate structure set by the Public Utilities Commission is lower. But he added that Edison has shown more good faith and interest coming into the negotiations, which began Tuesday in San Francisco. "Edison's been coming into these meetings with 50-page binder books with various specific proposals," South said. "PG&E comes in with a handwritten piece of paper and a big huff of arrogance. They act like they are in control when they are in serious soup." A spokesman for PG&E declined to comment on South's remarks. The utility has maintained a policy of not discussing the negotiations. PG&E's parent company, PG&E Corp., announced Wednesday that it would not be paying its regular dividend of 30 cents per share on common stock for the first quarter of 2001. PG&E said it would not resume paying common stock dividends until it "determines that the financial health of the company will support such action." The company has come under intense criticism that it is maintaining a business-as-usual approach while its utility subsidiary was teetering toward bankruptcy. While the negotiations with PG&E threatened to prolong the political crisis, the state was emerging from 39 straight days of moderate-to-critical power supply emergencies, having been lifted into the relative calm of a low-level alert by warmer weather, improved electricity reserves and a decrease in the number of power plant shutdowns. "We should probably be making a big deal about this, but we just don't have time," said Stephanie McCorkle, a spokeswoman for the California Independent System Operator, which balances supply and demand on the electricity grid serving about 75% of the state. The grid controllers have been operating in full crisis mode for months now, using everything short of the Energizer bunny to keep electricity flowing while state leaders looked for solutions to the power market meltdown.  Economic Uncertainty For more than a month, the state's transmission grid has been operating under either a Stage 2 or Stage 3 emergency, indicating extremely tight reserves. At noon Wednesday, the grid bumped down to Stage 1--indicating that the state was maintaining reserves at a relatively cushy 7%. That is still below what grid operators consider prudent, but no one was complaining. The full effect of the electricity crisis on the state's economy is not yet clear, and independent Legislative Analyst Elizabeth Hill urged state lawmakers Wednesday to take a "wait-and-see" approach as they craft a new budget. Still, she left no doubt that she believes the power problems could seriously crimp California's economic outlook. Hill said she believes it is safe to assume that electricity costs will rise because of the gap between wholesale prices and regulated rates. If wholesale prices were to stay as high as they are now, she estimated, the state's wholesale electricity costs would climb to $40 billion this year, up from $25 billion in 1999. Hill made no prediction about whether that would happen. Indeed, Brad Williams, a senior economist in Hill's office, said he thought it likely that prices would decline and that legislation would shield consumers from the full effect of the inflated electricity market.  30-Day Supply Agreement Also Wednesday, Reliant Energy of Houston, which has balked at being forced to provide electricity to California when payment for that power is uncertain, said it had reached a 30-day agreement with the state under which the company will continue to provide emergency electricity supplies. As a result, a federal judge in Sacramento delayed ruling on a lawsuit filed by state grid operators against Reliant. Instead, U.S. District Judge Frank C. Damrell Jr. extended until Friday afternoon an order forcing Reliant and several other energy suppliers to keep selling to the California grid operators. In Huntington Beach, city officials delivered a blow to Davis' plan to accelerate power plant projects, filing an appeal with the California Energy Commission to fight the speedy reactivation of two old gas-fired generators. If they exhaust that process without stopping the plan, they promised to go to court. Regardless of whether the appeals succeed, they are likely to tie up the approval process, and in that sense strike against the heart of the governor's plan to expedite power plant projects to meet the energy shortfall expected this summer. The AES units--with a combined output of 450 megawatts, enough to serve 450,000 typical homes--represent about 10% of the 5,000 megawatts that Davis assured power-starved Californians would be available in time for the summer peak. --- Times staff writers Mitchell Landsberg in Los Angeles, Richard Simon in Washington, Julie Tamaki and Rone Tempest in Sacramento and Christine Hanley in Orange County contributed to this story. 
 Ginger:  Could you please forward this along to the Quinn-Gillespie folks---David Lugar in particular?  Thanks very much.  Others: Attached are excerpts from the California Leg Analyst's Report--an "independent" institution in Sacramento--on the electricity crisis, the plan thus far to address it, and the effect that the solution might have on the State's financial position.  Also have attached URL to full report. http://www.lao.ca.gov/analysis_2001/2001_pandi/pandi_toc_anl2001.html  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Never heard back from Kevin.    Allison Navin@ENRON 09/18/2000 05:17 PM 
 Greetings.  Thanks for the help yesterday.  I may have missed it, but could you forward me the memo describing the 203 stuff?  Greatly appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 Joe:  My apologies.  It was buried deep in this thing that I used to call an in-box.  Found it shortly after I wrote the note.  Thanks again.  Best, Jeff 
 WHAT?!!? 
 Here's the piece put out by the academics.  Best, Jeff 
 thank you.  got message that call is now at 11:30 am. 
 Davis' deadlines on energy much easier set than met By Emily Bazar Bee Staff Writer (Published Feb. 23, 2001) Exactly one week ago, Gov. Gray Davis sounded hopeful, optimistic even, when he predicted that the state and its debt-ridden utilities would forge an agreement by today on a plan to save the companies from financial doom. Problem is, it won't work out that way. Negotiations between state officials and the investor-owned utilities have produced no comprehensive agreement to announce today. Davis' predictions during the energy crisis have been wrong before. For weeks, he has set deadlines for agreements and legislative action that haven't been met. On deadline days, even when there's little substantive progress to report, Davis often holds news conferences anyway -- many of them on Friday afternoons after financial markets close. The Democratic governor's office scheduled an "announcement" for today in Los Angeles, even though one utility representative said agreement is far away. Davis' actions have fueled speculation that he's trying to force consensus by setting artificial deadlines and putting a spin on the news, and tarnishing the state's credibility in the process. "I can't see how you would negotiate such a complex deal, like the purchase of the transmission grid, in such a short period of time. It doesn't seem realistic," said Gary Ackerman of the Western Power Trading Forum, an association of wholesale generators. "I guess the people I represent have turned it off. They have stopped listening. They hear it and say, 'OK, sure. Here's another photo op.' " Last Friday, Davis told a gathering of reporters that state officials and the utilities would agree by today on a rescue plan for the utilities. "I believe we'll have agreement before next week is out, on exactly what should go in a piece of legislation," he said at the time. "And hopefully, that legislation will be passed by the end of the following week." Legislative veterans said his comments were ill-advised and unrealistic. Davis met into the night Thursday with top officials of Pacific Gas and Electric Co., but no agrement was reached. "These are complicated problems that will not be solved overnight," said PG&E spokesman Ron Low. "On some issues, we are very far away from agreement." Sources said PG&E has been unwilling to negotiate sale of its transmission lines, which Davis has said is a necessary component of a deal. More progress was reported with the two other near-bankrupt companies -- San Diego Gas and Electric Co. and Southern California Edison -- although sources said talks with them were far from concluded. Davis has been setting specific deadlines for himself and the Legislature for months: In November, the governor promised to present a comprehensive "plan" by Dec. 1 to stave off a full-blown energy crisis, but ended up offering only a modest slate of proposals. Davis called Feb. 12 a "drop dead" date by which he hoped to cement a deal between lawmakers and the utilities. There's no deal yet. Davis told reporters that he and the state's legislative leaders would reach a "consensus agreement" on the proposal to take to utilities by last Friday. It didn't happen; he made the announcement alone. Leon Panetta, a White House chief of staff under former President Clinton, said it's important that the governor set deadlines because the nature of politics is to delay. However, he cautioned against missing deadlines. "You have to be careful that you keep the deadlines you establish, because the more that you establish and not meet, the more that begins to lose its value as a political tool," Panetta said. The governor can't continue to indefinitely set deadlines without facing consequences, cautioned Steven Fetter, managing director of the Global Power Group at Fitch, a credit-rating agency based in New York. At some point, he warned, creditors and power suppliers may push the utilities into involuntary bankruptcy, which would trigger an official deadline that can't be ignored. The dispute would be tied up in court at a judge's discretion. "Eventually, there is going to be a real deadline," Fetter said. "The problem is it's probably not a deadline that will be set by Gov. Davis. It's a deadline that will be set by the banks and the (electricity) suppliers." In several cases when deadlines haven't been met, Davis has held a news conference regardless, unveiling little new information and scant detail. On Jan. 26, for instance, the governor promoted the broad framework of a plan to save the utilities rather than a detailed plan that had been anticipated. One prong of the plan: "Aggressively promote energy efficiency, conservation and demand reduction among consumers, businesses and public entities." Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said that the governor continues to set deadlines because it's important to show that the state is making progress, particularly to Wall Street. He added that it's not the governor's fault the deadlines have been missed. "Many of the dates have been blown away by factors no one has been able to foresee or have control over: court decisions, actions by creditors, weather, you name it," Maviglio said. "The governor sets deadlines that continue to move the ball forward and he has been successful at doing that." Many of these announcements came after 2 p.m. on Fridays, triggering suggestions that the governor has attempted to spin the facts and manipulate the markets. Timing announcements after the close of East Coast financial markets is commonly used by politicians who don't want to send stocks soaring or tumbling by making an announcement, Panetta said. "You want people to evaluate what's happening so there isn't a panic reaction to a news flash going over the wire," he said. But market analysts say that ever since PG&E and Edison stocks plummeted in early January, the governor's statements haven't significantly affected their performance. "There has been so much news that has been so negative for the companies that I don't think it makes much of a difference," said Ed Schuller, a senior vice president for the full-service brokerage firm Sutro & Co. "It's beyond that point now." 
 FYI.  Mirant announced a 750MW deal with DWR, but story only said "for March" so unclear what term is. 
 let's talk about it tonite. 
 Please keep confidential (for now), and please forward to Bev.  Thanks. Best, Jeff 
 Greetings Sally: My name is Jeff Dasovich.  The Greens have been helping me develop 40 acres of land that I bought just north of Anchor Bay (a couple of miles up the hill from Highway One, about 1200 ft or so up) and they suggested that I contact you.  The property is right in the heart of the Banana Belt and my property faces south, is protected, and a such is very hot and sunny from late spring through later summer/early fall.  The property has an abundance of water on it.  Of course, the possibility of evening fog raises some tricky issues, and I haven't done soil tests.  In short, while I think there are some challenges, I'm convinced that there is at least the strong possibility that I could grow grapes--around 10 acres or so.  I'm sure that you're extremely busy, but I'd be very interested in talking to you at your convenience to discuss the viability of growing grapes on my property.  I look forward to talking further about the possibilities.  All the best, Jeff 
 Hi darlin'.  I'm here, been spending a lot of time on an EES crisis (surprise?).  can i call you in about 15-30 minutes? 
 biz cards. 
 Thanks.  You do the same.  Best, Jeff    Scott Govenar <sgovenar@govadv.com> 02/23/2001 11:20 AM 
 thanks.  sorry about that.  please apologize to hedy.  Best, Jeff 
 Yes, that's my sister.  She graduated (undergrad) in 1979 (don't tell her that I told you, but I think that she was first in her class).  Married to a very nice guy (Mike Bentivoglio)--also Haas '79.  He's now the head of corporate planning at Schwab.  Have a great weekend.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks again, John. Best, Jeff 
 Thank a lot. 
 Dollar amount: $7,500. Project:  Retain MRW & Associates to assist in developing a rate structure for California that solves the utilities' financial solvency issues without applying "rate shock" to the state's economy, businesses or consumers.  Use the rate plan to develop an alternative to Governor Davis' proposal to nationalize the state's electric industry. Subject: California Electricity Crisis 
 Congratulations.  Freeman is such a reasonable guy....  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 Greetings.  If you have a minute, can you give me a call?  I'd like to get you up-to-date on what's going on in this crazy electricity industry.  Best, Jeff  415.782.7822 
 The guy negotiating the bill on behalf of IEP told me that there's a 35-40% chance that it will make it out of the Senate by the end of next week, which means that it still has quite a ways to go.  Best, Jeff    Michael Etringer@ECT 02/23/2001 04:39 PM 
 Dude:  got your message last nite--just missed it.  called you on your cell, but no answer. very sorry to have missed your birthday.  glad you like the presents.  we'd definitely like to get together with you guys.  hope to see ya soon.  best, jeff  yes, we are evil.    Sean Maloney <skmaloney@yahoo.com> 02/22/2001 06:43 PM 
 Greetings: I'm going to finish this up in the next few hours and send out.  Dylan, go ahead and calculate using operating cash rather than income and send along and I'll incorporate.  I'll try to work Jimmy's stuff in a bit, too.  Best, Jeff    Dylan Windham <dwindham@uclink4.berkeley.edu> 02/22/2001 11:48 PM 
 Gents: Here it is.  Please insert directly any proposed edits using strike-out-underline.  Need them no later than 10 AM tomorrow in order to have incorporated and ready to go for class tomorrow.  Dylan, just go ahead and put your operating cash flow nos. in (and any other changes you have) and send on back.  All:  recall that we are limited to 4 pages of text.  Best, Jeff      Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 02/25/2001 11:57 AM 
 Thanks so much.  Hope that all is well with you and yours.  All the best, Jeff 
 Test 
 In all week, save Wednesday for AB1890 meeting in Sacramento. 
 FYI.  Best, Jeff 
 haven't heard.  i'll check in today.    Elizabeth Linnell 02/26/2001 08:13 AM 
 We should cast a little broader net on this internally--Yoder, Calger, Belden, Foster, Sanders, etc.--but seems that, given the Governor's actions as of late, the likelihood of nonpayment might even be a bit higher than 25%.  Best, Jeff    Harry Kingerski 02/25/2001 08:54 PM 
 Greetings: Best info to date on TX deal is today's Wall Street Journal.  Best, Jeff 
 RE:  the tx buyout announced on Friday.  the best info available is the story in today's WSJ.  that help?  Best, Jeff 
 OK, here's what I propose.  Dylan:  Galant and much appreciated effort to quantify the value of the tax shield.  However, my day's completely out of control and resolving now may be more than we can manage.  I propose that I simply delete the one sentence quantifying the value of the shield and leave it as a qualitative statement.  If you folks would like to mess with with it some more, that's great with me, it's just that--and I apologize--I just won't be able to work on it today.  If you decide to do some more with it, go ahead and please bring copies to class.  Otherwise, I'll just delete the sentence referenced above, print out, and bring to class.  Just let me know.  And Dylan, from someone whose surname gets butchered all the time, my apologies for having done the same to yours in the memo.  Best, Jeff 
 This case is killing me!  1) I had to get before 10 AM today.  2) So much for that leisurely 2-hour coffee and morning paper at the neighborhood cafe---not today, thank you!  3) My nap!  Fahgetaboutit.  I'm going to be a wreck tonite.  Best, Jeff 
 Cameron:  Thanks for a dee-licious dinner.  (I did steal a couple pieces of duck---curiosity killed the cat---and it was dee-lectible.)  Couple things:  Very, very nice to go through all that to get reservations at La Folie and I of course love the place, but I was thinking that maybe we ought to go somewhere that's a tad less expensive.  I'm thinking that Sean ain't even a big food person, that he's not working, that Molly to bring down a king's ransom in her biz, and Tom and Karen are, after all, vegetarians. Anywho,  it's really kind of you guys to want to go there, but I'm just throwing out the notion that maybe we should go to another place that's just a wee bit less dear.  Maybe that other French place that's just one room that we went to out in the Avenues.  Just a thought.  Whatever you guys want to do is fine with me.  Also, I'm happy to do a "whole family" thing----well, maybe "happy's to strong" (we kid!).  I was actually trying to pull it together last Xmas, but found out that my sister and her hubbie only do their big xmas party once a year, so had to scratch it.  I ain't necessarily all that keen, though, on having all get together--particularly for the first time--with the focus being my birthday.  So maybe we can have another event sometime soon where we can bring the thundering hoards together at one place----Lord help us.  Finally, what's the plan for your dad?  I just found out that I'm supposed to be in Houston for an "all hands" meeting on--you guessed it--March 9th, but if there's something planned for that evening, I intend to tell my buddies at Enron that I can't make the meeting.  Please let me know so that I can cancel Houston in advance.  Finally, and MOST important.  Today is the Man in Black's birthday.  God bless the real king, Johnny Cash.  Best, Jeff 
 When you moving to S.F.?  You excited about the change?  What will you be focused on?  Congratulations.  Sounds like a great opportunity. 
 ON THE GRID OR OFF THE GRID Bigger Is Better An interstate electricity highway could leverage economies of scale to keep the lights on Burton A. Weisbrod, Glen E. Weisbrod Sunday,?February 25, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/02/25/S C177059.DTL WE COULD HAVE left it to the states. When the Interstate Highway System was proposed nearly 50 years ago, we could have said, "Leave it to each state to decide on its roads and to pay for them, or leave it to private enterprise to build toll roads wherever it is profitable." Fortunately, we didn't. Today, vehicles can travel throughout the country on a system of integrated high-capacity roads that crisscross the nation. There are many differences between the flow of cars or trucks and the flow of electricity. But just as the Interstate Highway System ushered in a new era of easier movement of people and goods across the states, allowing enormous economic and social gains, so, too, do we now need to overcome the obstacles to the easy flow of power across state lines. Many forces are at work contributing to California's electricity crises, and power shortages in other parts of the country also are quite possible. The growth of population and industry in California has expanded demand for electricity. Legislative constraints, reflecting environmental protection and other concerns, have discouraged construction of electricity-generating plants. Periodic shutdowns of generation plants for maintenance have caused short- term power shortages. And, in an oddity of California law, the prices that power producers can charge distributors are deregulated, while the prices that those distributors can charge consumers are regulated and restricted. But largely missing from the debate of what can be done to balance supply and demand is discussion of an effective national power grid that would permit substantial amounts of electricity to flow, as highway traffic does, from one state to another. Interstate transmission connections do exist now, but are limited in capacity. They were primarily designed to meet temporary needs associated with local power emergencies, not for sustained use. If those interstate lines were upgraded to greater capacity, then we could move toward actually creating a national power grid. An effective national power grid could result in far more competition among producers of electric power across the nation, and far more options to meet demand in any local area. No state or region would need to depend simply on a small number of generating producers within its borders, and the increased number of interstate competitors would bring greater assurance of supply and lower prices. The underlying problem is basically one of incentives. With the maze of state, and federal regulations on the production, distribution and pricing of electricity, there is great risk and little incentive for private construction of costly transmission lines that cross multiple state borders. Imagine a power plant in state A, but near state B, with that plant occasionally having excess production capacity. There is no market for the power in state B, but there is demand for it in state C, which is adjacent to it. In a smoothly functioning, efficient, power transmission system, power would move from the generating plant in state A, across the border for use in state B, thereby permitting deals so that power produced in that area could be sent to state C. Through such a domino-like process, power available in one region effectively can help alleviate a shortage in another area - with only a series of relatively short-distance transmissions. Development of such an integrated electricity transmission network is what the federal government can and should foster. It would strengthen the nation; it would expand options for users; it would increase competition among suppliers, to the benefit of consumers; it would overcome the multiplicity of state regulations that have the effect of restricting incentives for profitable interstate power transmission. The Interstate Highway System did not solve all the problems of the nation's escalating population of cars, and it was not cheap. But, designed to maximize interconnections between metropolitan areas, with ample systemwide capacity to spare, it did transform the country, binding the 48 contiguous states into an integrated whole. The effect: reduced costs and increased "exports" of California fruits and vegetables to the Midwest, and reduced costs, along with increased exports of Midwest manufactured products to the West. Just as it does not make sense for every state to act like a separate country, building roads just for its own residents, or growing all of its own food supply, it is equally inefficient for each state to independently develop its own power supply. It is foolish to find electricity producers in one state claiming that they should not "help out" consumers in another state. A nationwide system would take better advantage of differential electricity demand in various parts of the country, seasonally and even in the course of a day. To consumers and industrial users in California, the effects of a national electricity transmission grid would be real and enduring, but not spectacular. It would, however, go far to achieving the quiet result that every consumer seeks - lower prices, more reliable electric power supplies. There is no single solution to California's energy crisis, but developing a national interstate electricity highway system would go far toward addressing it. Local power distribution within a state would remain a matter of state control. The federal government's role would be largely to provide financial incentives for constructing additional interstate transmission capacity, and to establish standards for its design and utilization - just as is the case with the Interstate Highway System. A survey of history and government professors conducted by the Brookings Institution last year identified the Interstate Highway System as one of the Top Seven governmental achievements of the last 50 years - along with rebuilding Europe after World War II and expanding the right to vote. An interstate electricity highway system could well be among the top achievements of government in the next half-century. MACRO POWER TRANSMISSION WE HAVE AN ELECTRIC power crisis in California. In fact, we have two problems: a short-term problem and a long-term problem. Short term, the problem, from the consumer perspective, is: -- Soaring electricity bills. -- Fear of paying the mounting debts being incurred by electricity distributors such as Pacific Gas and Electric Co. either in rate increases or higher taxes. -- The threat, and to some users the reality, of no lights, no refrigeration, no heat. These concerns are real and severe. But they are merely symptoms of a serious long-term crisis: Incentives to the power industry are wrong! As Adam Smith reminded us over two centuries ago, we do not look to the good intentions of sellers to get them to serve the public interest; we look to their self interest. Then, as today, wise public policy calls for aligning the two, by providing incentives for the development of an electricity system that provides power that is dependable, is produced efficiently and is distributed competitively, so that prices are low. This long-term problem will not be solved by the series of Band-Aids that governmental officials and power producers and distributors are skirmishing over. Now is the time to develop a long-term plan. Two elements of a long-term plan for efficient and reliable electricity are clear: -- Electricity self-sufficiency for each state is bad policy. It is easy to think that dependency on power imports from other states is a root problem. It is not. Trade and competition mean access to more producers, and that can bring efficiency in electricity no less than in food, electronics or autos, as low-cost sources are utilized. (Promoting more interstate options does not preclude building more local generation, and small, "micro" electricity generating units do have a role as part of an overall electricity policy. However, the advantage of their flexibility must be balanced against their generally higher cost for meeting predictable long-term demand.) -- Incentives are needed to encourage investment in electricity transmission. It does no good to have low-cost power production unless the power can reach users. This is why the federal government has such an important role to play in financially encouraging and supporting a national interstate power highway system. --Burton A. Weisbrod and Glen E. Weisbrod Burton Weisbrod is John Evans Professor of Economics and Fellow, Institute for Policy Research, Northwestern University, and a former senior staff economist on the Council of Economic Advisers to Presidents Kennedy and Johnson. Glen Weisbrod, his son, is president of Economic Development Research Group Inc. in Boston. Burton Weisbrod is John Evans Professor of Economics and Fellow, Institute for Policy Research, Northwestern University, and a former senior staff economist on the Council of Economic Advisers to Presidents Kennedy and Johnson. Glen Weisbrod, his son, is ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?WB1  Governor Calls for 10% Cut In Usage On national TV, Davis increases goal on energy Tanya Schevitz, Chronicle Staff Writer Monday,?February 26, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/02/26/M N44189.DTL Signaling a greater urgency in California's power crisis, Gov. Gray Davis said yesterday that keeping the lights and air conditioners running this summer will require every Californian to reduce electricity usage by about 10 percent. In addition, he said, the state must get more electrical power online by then. His call for a 10 percent cut is a significant jump from the 7 percent he was asking for during his State of the State speech last month, and it may be a difficult stretch for consumers. Davis made his remarks on NBC's news show "Meet the Press." State Sen. Don Perata, D-Oakland, praised the governor's statement on national television. "The most important thing right now is that the governor said that, because there has been general skepticism statewide, reflected both in anecdotes and public opinion polls, that we are in fact facing a crisis," Perata said. "If you don't believe, you won't conform, you won't respond." But, he said, Davis will not get the conservation he wants unless consumers are given financial incentives. Perata said he will propose legislation today to give $1 billion to customers who cut down on their electricity use during the summer months. Severin Borenstein, director of the Energy Institute at the University of California at Berkeley, said if temperatures soar this summer, it will take a "huge effort" to keep the state at safe electricity levels. NEED FOR CONSERVATION "We are in big trouble," Borenstein said. "That doesn't mean we can't avoid blackouts -- that means we will have to take serious measures." The needed steps include instituting variable prices for commercial and industrial users that reflect the supply and demand at any given hour and hooking up air conditioners to cycling systems, he said. For residential users, he said, it will mean increases for use above a certain level. Forecasters predict a shortfall of at least 5,000 megawatts this summer, but the state got some good news Thursday when the California Independent System Operator, which coordinates the flow of electricity through the state's power grid, removed all power alerts for the first time in more than a month. Lorie O'Donley, a spokeswoman for the California ISO, said that she does not expect any changes today but that it is too early to make any predictions about the summer power situation. "We still need to check the snowpack and the hills and the hydro situation in the state," O'Donley said. "Conservation is a big part of it, and whatever people can do to step up their conservation efforts will be a huge factor in avoiding blackouts." GOVERNOR DODGES BLAME Davis appeared on "Meet the Press" while visiting Washington, D.C., for a meeting of the National Governors Association and a concurrent meeting of the Democratic Governors Association, which he chairs. With him on the program were Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass., Sen. Pete Domenici, R-N.M., and Republican Gov. Mike Huckabee of Arkansas. Davis took the opportunity of the high-profile television show to tell East Coast decisionmakers and Wall Street analysts that the blame for the state's energy crisis does not lie with him and to reassure them that he is taking solid steps to resolve the problem. "Both President Bush and I inherited California, a flawed deregulation system," he said during the broadcast. "Secondly, no major plant has been built in California prior to my governorship for 12 years." He outlined some solutions, including the approval of nine new power plants, with six under construction and three expected to be online this summer, and 14 more in the pipeline. In a slip of the tongue, Davis said on yesterday morning's broadcast that consumers would need to cut electricity use to only 10 percent of last year. "It will require every Californian using about 10 percent of the electricity than they did the year before and a little luck in getting some extra megawatts on line this summer," Davis said. What he meant, a spokesman said, was they had to cut use by 10 percent. Still, that will require significant sacrifice. In addition, Davis has said that he wants to add 5,000 megawatts of power -- enough for 5 million homes -- by summer. He has promised to speed up the approval process and provide bonuses to builders who finish before July. The state also established an $800 million conservation program this year. But Borenstein said that many of the ideas floating around for spending the conservation money are for efforts that would not help for about another three years. ON NATIONAL MATTERS During yesterday's show, Davis also weighed in on President Bush's tax-cut proposal and former President Bill Clinton's controversial last-minute pardons. The administration should wait for a tax cut until the money is available, he said. "All of us who have been in government for a while have seen the roller- coaster ride of surpluses and then shortages and surpluses and shortages," he said. "Clearly, people need tax relief, but it should be moderated to the point where we don't kill the golden goose, which is a strong, growing economy. " Although he received a significant campaign donation from the father of Carlos Vignali, the Los Angeles drug kingpin, Davis told show host Tim Russert that he never spoke with the family about the presidential pardon Vignali received on Clinton's last day in office. Davis said he did not have enough information to know whether the pardon was a mistake, but, he said, "there's something about them in general that doesn't ring right." "However," he said, "people expect us to focus on things that matter to them, and they really want to see progress on education, the environment, tax relief, health care." Asked by Russert whether he is going to run for president in 2004, Davis did not rule it out but said that only re-election to the governorship in 2002 is on his horizon. "I'm focused on keeping the lights on and making our schools better," he said. E-mail Tanya Schevitz at tschevitz@sfchronicle.com. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A1 
 FYI.  Per our call today, some press from Saturday referencing PG&E's opposition to having Comrade Davis buy its Tx assets.   Power-Lines Deal Davis, Edison come to terms but PG&E remains a balky holdout Lynda Gledhill, Chronicle Sacramento Bureau Saturday,?February 24, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/02/24/M N184206.DTL Gov. Gray Davis said yesterday he had reached an agreement with Southern California Edison to put the state's financially ailing utilities back on their feet - but Pacific Gas and Electric Co., crucial to any deal, remained a holdout. The key to the deal is state purchase of utility transmission lines, which would help the companies pay off debt they piled up selling electricity for less than it cost them. Edison will part with its lines for $2.76 billion, Davis said. But PG&E is reluctant to sell, and the governor said no deal will work without PG&E. In addition to agreeing to sell its transmission lines, Edison said it would produce inexpensive power to sell to the state for the next 10 years. At a news conference in Los Angeles, Davis said the agreement in principle with Edison "provides value to both sides. The utility gets the financial wherewithal to go back into business and keep our lights on. We get commensurate value in specific benefits, which provide us long-term power at very cheap rates." Davis' framework for righting California's wobbly energy market, however, hinges on a similar agreement with PG&E. Those familiar with the talks involving the utility, based in San Francisco, said discussions are moving "very, very slowly." "They are adamantly resistant to selling their transmission facilities," said Assemblyman Fred Keeley, D-Boulder Creek. Ron Low, a spokesman for PG&E, did not comment on Keeley's statement, but after talks concluded Thursday, Low said the two sides were "very far apart" on some issues. In a statement yesterday, PG&E Corporate Chairman Robert Glynn said the "discussions were an important milestone in the resolution of California's energy crisis." "Each utility's issues and opportunities in this crisis are different, and we believe that PG&E has proposed a detailed solution that balances ratepayer and shareholder interests," Glynn said. "We are confident that continued discussions can achieve a resolution for our company." Davis said he made "good" progress with Sempra Energy, the parent company of San Diego Gas & Electric, but only "some" progress with PG&E. Davis ruled out a deal that does not include PG&E. "I don't believe we can make a satisfactory arrangement without acquiring 60 percent of the transmission lines. That, in turn, requires us to have an arrangement with PG&E," he said. The other 40 percent of the grid is owned by municipal utilities. Keeley said Davis is right to insist that PG&E be part of any deal. "I think the deal announced is a good first step, and will hopefully put pressure on the other companies," Keeley said. CRITICS CALL DEAL BAILOUT The purchase price set for Edison's transmission lines is 2.3 times the system's book value. Although critics argue that represents a bailout, supporters of the plan say the lines are worth far more than book value. For example, the cost to replace all the utilities' transmission lines -- a figure that probably would come into play during a possible bankruptcy -- is estimated at $20 billion. If the state pays 2.3 times the book value for all three utilities' systems, it will pay $7.2 billion total. The agreement with Edison follows a framework Davis announced last week. In exchange for the purchase of the lines, Edison also agreed to return $420 million that the utility had sent to its parent company, establish conservation easements on 20,000 acres of watershed for 99 years and drop all litigation against the state demanding the ability to immediately raise rates. Edison also agreed to continue to sell the power it produces to the state at cost for another 10 years. Edison said it still believed that it would have won its lawsuit to recover costs through a rate increase. But Edison International Chairman John Bryson said, "This agreement is far preferable to perhaps years of protracted litigation." NO RATE INCREASE Davis continued to insist that the deal would not require a rate increase, although he has indicated that the rate increase adopted by the state Public Utilities Commission last month -- which was supposed to last 90 days -- would stay in place. Davis has been under pressure to meet deadlines he has imposed himself for making progress in the energy crisis, which he said were designed to reassure Wall Street. However, he also had a personal stake in making yesterday's announcement, as he left immediately for a five-day trip to the East Coast. Davis will spend four days at the National Governors Association in Washington, D.C., and a concurrent meeting of the Democratic Governors Association, which he chairs. Much of his time will be spent reassuring his fellow governors that the crisis is under control, as well as meeting with President Bush and Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham. DAVIS ON 'MEET THE PRESS' Davis also will use the time to make national media appearances, including one on "Meet the Press" tomorrow. Garry South, Davis' political strategist, said the appearances will allow Davis to address some East Coast media accounts of the energy crisis. "A lot of misconceptions and myths have crept in," South said. "It's not helpful to California; it's not accurate on how the crisis came about and how we're trying to solve it." After he leaves Washington, Davis will spend a day in New York to meet with Wall Street analysts. Yesterday, he suggested that he would be asking for their support in California's quest for revenue bonds to help pay for power purchases. California will have spent $2.8 billion on power by next month, and its credit ratings have been downgraded by some analysts. Consumer advocates reacted with skepticism to Davis' tentative deal with Edison. Nettie Hoge, executive director of TURN, The Utility Reform Network, said she was displeased with the governor's plan because it commits ratepayers to paying off an unidentified portion of utility debt. "Nothing says what the final price tag is," she said. Dealing for Power -- Power lines: The state would buy Southern California Edison's transmission lines for about $2.7 billion, 2.3 times their estimated book value, to help bail out the financially strapped utility. -- Helping out: Edison parent Edison International would pay the utility about $420 million. -- Payback: Edison would drop its lawsuit seeking higher electricity rates and would to continue to sell the state cheap power for another 10 years. -- The other shoe: ''Some progress'' reported in talks over a similar deal with PG&E, which is reluctant to sell its lines. Source: Associated Press Other Developments ENERGY FORECAST California enjoyed its second straight day without a power alert. Lori O'Donley, spokeswoman for the California Independent System Operator said continued warm weather around the West and completion of maintenance on some power plants that had been out of operation kept the state above the percent reserve mark. O'Donley said the state should remain out of the danger zone during the weekend. MORE MEGAWATTS COMING Mirant Corp., announced that it signed a contract to provide 750 megawatts of power to the state during the month of March. "We became more confident in our ability to enter such a contract after we received full payment from the Department of Water Resources for a bill due Feb. 20," said Randy Harrison, executive director of the company's western operations. INDEPENDENT SYSTEM OPERATOR SETTLEMENT Three generators reached a settlement with the California Independent System Operator to continue to supply emergency power to California until March 18 even though it is unclear who will pay for much of that power. Reliant Energy Inc., Williams Cos. and Dynegy Inc. signed an agreement that effectively extended a U.S. District Court judge's temporary restraining order that had required the generators to supply power to the power grid operators. In the meantime, the three generators, along with Duke Energy Corp. and Mirant Corp., have asked the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for an emergency order forcing the Independent System Operator to provide a creditworthy buyer for their power. The federal commission on Feb. 14 told the system operator that it could not force generators to take on "unacceptable financial risks" by selling without a reasonable expectation of being paid. CONSERVATION REWARD State Sen. Don Perata, D-Oakland, said he will propose legislation to give $1 billion to customers who conserve on their electricity bills during the summer months. Perata claims that his bill, which would pay consumers a $10 refund for every megawatt hour saved, would reduce the amount of money that the state would have to spend buying power on the expensive spot market. Source: Chronicle staff report Chronicle staff writer Patrick Hoge contributed to this report. / E-mail Lynda Gledhill at lgledhill@sfchronicle.com. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A1 
 Sending again.  Prentice said that she didn't get it, so just wanted to make sure that it wasn't lost in cyberspace somewhere.  Jeff 
 Thanks very much.  Very interesting.  We'll be a lot more aligned once they've paid us...  Best, Jeff 
 I'm getting him deck railing, a new pump, a new fire place, new skylights, a new roof, and a new car.    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 02/26/2001 04:39 PM 
 Greetings:  Please review the attached.  It's a summary I've put together of a very=20 lengthy analysis MRW did for us over the weekend.  I've also attached the= =20 considerably lengthier MRW memo for those who'd like to see it.  The tables= =20 included in the summary are pulled directly from the MRW memo.  The analysi= s=20 only addresses the utilities undercollection (i.e., solvency) and doesn't= =20 address any additional increases that might result from DWR's buying=20 activities.  The Bottom Line =06=15 By raising average rates 10% over a 10-year period, California could= 1)=20 return the utilities to solvency, and 2) help close the  supply-demand gap = by=20 providing customers with better price signals. =06=15 California could achieve these goals under this new rate structure a= nd at=20 the same time exclude one-third of residential  customers from any increase= s.=20 If California chose not to exclude any customers from the new rate structur= e,=20 California  would only need to raise average rates by about 8.8%. =06=15 This level of increase is in line with increases enacted in other st= ates=20 (e.g., Washington: 28-34%; Montana: 4.5-32%; Idaho:  6.0-24%; Nevada:=20 7-12.5%; New Mexico 12%).  We'll need to look at it critically and try to shoot holes in it before goi= ng=20 public with the numbers as part of our broader effort, but it offers a=20 reasonable benchmark against which to judge alternatives (like spending the= =20 kids lunch money on crumbling, broken down transmission systems).  Please provide feedback as soon as possible, and perhaps, Paul we conclude= =20 the MRW work on the agenda for discussion on tomorrow's daily conference ca= ll.  Best, Jeff  - Undercollection assessment final.doc 
 Agree.  Sounds like a very reasonable way to proceed, and consistent with what we've said all along, non?  Thanks, Harry.  Jeanne, while your at it, could you get us a new Governor?  Thanks so much.  Best, Jeff    Harry Kingerski 02/26/2001 04:59 PM 
 Please don't be insulted, but this will provide a useful tool internally. Thanks again for a great job.  Best, Jeff 
 Hey, how's things? Long time not chat.  What's up?  Anywho, you seem like the right person to respond to this email.  (And I have no idea.)  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 Glad to hear it went well.  Debra never called. 
 Hi Dana:  Please accept my apologies for not having responded sooner.  Things, as you know, are, well, a little nuts.  It was great to meet you and I would be happy to discuss opportunities.  I need to be in S.D. in the next few weeks. Perhaps we could have lunch, or something, and you could fill me in on what you folks do.  Best, Jeff    Dana Perino <dana@gablegroup.com> 09/14/2000 06:40 PM 
 FYI.  Chris:  Any progress with Freeman on creditworthiness issues?  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings Sally: My name is Jeff Dasovich.  The Greens have been helping me develop 40 acres of land that I bought just north of Anchor Bay (a couple of miles up the hill from Highway One, about 1200 ft or so up) and they suggested that I contact you.  The property is right in the heart of the Banana Belt and my property faces south, is protected, and a such is very hot and sunny from late spring through later summer/early fall.  The property has an abundance of water on it.  Of course, the possibility of evening fog raises some tricky issues, and I haven't done soil tests.  In short, while I think there are some challenges, I'm convinced that there is at least the strong possibility that I could grow grapes--around 10 acres or so.  I'm sure that you're extremely busy, but I'd be very interested in talking  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, Jeanne:  Couple of thoughts.  1) If California wants to get out of this crisis, it's critical that DWR be creditworthy.  Bilas' proposal helps in that regard.  We've been thinking pretty hard about the issue and working with DWR to try to fix creditworthiness concerns.  Christian, it might make sense to put together some comments supporting Bilas' approach and perhaps give him some additional recommendations about what the PUC needs to do to get DWR creditworthy? If so, (see note below), we have an opportunity to provide those comments to the PUC by this Friday.  2) Scott Govenar--on the direct access piece.  Seems like it would be very useful to get the DA coalition we're working with in Sacramento to jointly file some comments on Friday in response to the Bilas proposal supporting a ban on any PUC action on the DA prohibition since the Legislature is still working on it.  What are your thoughts?  And if you and the rest of the Sacramento team agree, can we work with Jeanne to get some (brief) language put together and work to get the rest of the coalition to sign on. Alternatively, we could work to get the other folks file individually.  Your thoughts on both approaches is appreciated.  Best, Jeff    JMB <JBennett@GMSSR.com> 02/27/2001 10:04 AM 
 got sent back the first time. 
 I'll forward this along.  Thanks.    Scott Govenar <sgovenar@govadv.com> 02/27/2001 10:56 AM 
 FYI.  Not sure 1) who the right person is to forward this along to, or 2) if it's something that folks want to follow up on.  Anyway, here's the dope---Scott is an Enron outside lobbyist located in Sacramento.  Best, Jeff 
 Have these letters been sent?  If so, Linda, would it be possible to have overnighted to me "official versions" of the letters?  Greatly appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks a million, buddy.  Very useful. 
 Thanks.  What's your fax number?  I'll get a copy of the Bilas alternate decision to you as soon as I can.  Best, Jeff    Christian Yoder@ECT 02/27/2001 01:17 PM 
 Well, looks like it's that time again.  There only 2 questions.  Howzabout if the S.F. contingent takes #1 and the East Bay Gang takes #2 and we distribute around over the weekend?  Thoughts? 
 Dude:  Could you please fax to me ASAP a copy of the Bilas alternative (415.782.7854)?  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 Pact With PG&E Eluding Governor Power: Davis says obstacles include a debt that is double Edison's. Others cite an aggressive corporate culture as an impediment to state purchase of grid. By DAN MORAIN, NANCY RIVERA BROOKS, Times Staff Writers   ?????WASHINGTON--As he attempts to finalize a settlement with Southern California Edison, Gov. Gray Davis said Monday that his effort to rescue a more recalcitrant Pacific Gas & Electric has been short-circuited by issues far more difficult than those raised by the state's other two ailing utilities. ?????PG&E's debt could be as much as $8 billion, Davis indicated--twice the red ink of Edison, which Friday reached a preliminary agreement to sell its transmission lines to the state for $2.76 billion to pay off some of its staggering debt. Davis acknowledged that the Edison deal would mean nothing unless he was able to reach a twin pact with PG&E. ?????Seasoned utility watchers see PG&E's stubborn negotiating posture as partly a bargaining ploy and partly the result of underlying business issues at the San Francisco company. ?????Some cite a more aggressive corporate culture at PG&E than at Edison that has left PG&E alone on a precarious pinnacle, with bankruptcy on one side and partial dismembering by the state on the other. ?????Brian Youngberg, senior utility analyst with the Edward Jones investment firm in St. Louis, said PG&E "has historically pushed the envelope more in certain situations and that probably reflects their corporate culture. They're just sticking to their guns." ?????While Edison appears to have rejected bankruptcy law protection as an option, PG&E has not. ?????Although Davis did not specify the size of PG&E's debt, he said it is "more than twice the size of Southern California Edison's." As part of the deal between Davis and Edison, both sides agreed that the utility's debt is about $4 billion, sources close to the talks have said. ?????"We are making progress" with PG&E, said Davis, attending the annual National Governors Assn. conference in Washington, D.C. "I want people to understand it is a far more complicated transaction. . . . It is just going to take a little longer." ?????Officials at PG&E and its parent, PG&E Corp., declined to publicly discuss the company's stance, citing the sensitivity of the negotiations. Company spokesman Ron Low said only that "we expect to meet again this week. There was no time or date set yet." ?????San Francisco lawyer Michael Kahn, one of Davis' energy advisors, said the parties "had contact over the weekend" but he declined to elaborate. ?????"We in the governor's office would very much like to reach arrangements with them and don't want to say anything in public that spoils the negotiations," he said. ?????PG&E's hard-nosed bargaining stance is no surprise to Wall Street analysts and consumer advocates who have watched the utility's aggressive moves to shed its hydroelectric system, now blocked by state law, and to recoup past electricity and other costs. ?????"It could be a negotiating tactic," said Lori Woodland, an analyst with Fitch Inc., the credit-rating firm that was the first to drop PG&E and Edison's debt to junk bond status. ?????"PG&E has the largest piece of the pie" in terms of uncollected electricity costs, Woodland said. "It could also be just the thought of having to sacrifice their assets to pay for what ended up being flawed public policy." ?????Consumer advocate Michael Shames contends that PG&E might believe that a bankruptcy judge would allow the utility to sell some assets and restructure its debt in ways that would be preferable to anything the state is offering. ?????"On the other hand, if Edison and [San Diego Gas & Electric] do sign on, then PG&E almost has to or risk the wrath of the governor and the Public Utilities Commission for the next seven years," said Shames, executive director of the Utility Consumers' Action Network in San Diego. ?????Edison is more comfortable in the role of regulated utility than is PG&E, said Mike Florio, a lawyer with the Utility Reform Network in San Francisco. ?????"PG&E really seems to hate PUC regulation and wants to get as far away from it as it can, even if it means taking the company into the tank," said Florio, who is on the governing board of the California Independent System Operator, which runs the transmission grid owned by the three utilities. ?????The utilities have amassed more than $12 billion in debt as they paid record sums for wholesale power last year, but were barred by state regulators from passing those costs on to California consumers of electricity. ?????The level of debt is a fundamental part of the negotiations between the Davis administration and the three private utilities. At least part of that debt ultimately will be passed on to consumers. While Davis says he opposes rate hikes, his plan would restructure the rate system by propping up rates in the coming years, even as electricity costs may fall. ?????Davis on Friday announced the outlines of an accord in which the state would buy Edison's share of the transmission grid for $2.76 billion. He said he hopes to make the deal final by week's end with Edison and Sempra, the parent company of San Diego Gas & Electric. ?????Davis, meanwhile, is scheduled to meet today with U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham to outline his plan to take over the transmission grid. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission must approve the state takeover of the grid, and FERC Chairman Kurt Hebert has been quoted recently as being skeptical of the plan. ?????"Some people in Washington see this as more of an ideological statement," Davis said. "As a governor, I see it as a practical solution. . . . Clearly, we have to persuade lots of people in Washington that what we're doing is the right thing." ?????Davis expressed optimism that the Bush administration would approve the transfer. Davis and other governors attending the conference met with the president for about 45 minutes at the White House on Monday. ?????In his opening remarks, Bush repeated his desire to give the states more authority, saying "real change comes from the states up." ?????Davis noted that he and other Western governors are hoping for federal aid to overhaul the transmission and distribution systems for electricity and natural gas system. ?????"If we're going to have a strong economy," Davis said, "we have to have the electricity to power it." ?????Davis, chairman of the Democratic Governors Assn., was scheduled to attend a $5.5-million fund-raiser Monday night for the Democratic governors in Washington. He will then leave for New York, where he will hold personal fund-raisers and confer with Wall Street analysts Wednesday about the state's energy situation. ?????Meanwhile, Duke Energy North America on Monday suspended a lawsuit it had filed against Davis. The company said it reached an "interim settlement" to sell power to the state at the same below-market prices that it originally had agreed to supply to Edison and PG&E under long-term contracts. ?????Duke sued the governor after he used emergency authority to seize the Duke contracts and similar contracts signed by other energy companies with the two utilities. Davis' action prevented the Power Exchange, the state's now defunct electricity market, from liquidating the contracts after Edison and PG&E defaulted on multimillion-dollar payments. ?????The agreement reached Monday between Duke and the state expires April 30, a Duke spokesman said, which should give the parties enough time to reach a more formal settlement. ?????Power Exchange officials, however, are pressing ahead with their $1-billion claim against the state. Under California law, the state must pay reasonable value for private property seized under the governor's emergency authority. * * * ?????Morain reported from Washington, Rivera Brooks from Los Angeles. Times staff writers Tim Reiterman in San Francisco and Nancy Vogel in Sacramento contributed to this story. Copyright 2001 Los Angeles Times   ? ?? ? 
 Just faxed it to you. 
 Greetings Catherine and Roger:  A PUC staffer has called our outside lawyer saying that a high school in Ontario, CA called to complain that we're turning back the school for credit issues.  The staffer says that "a hospital might also be involved."   Can you provide any more information?  The PUC staffer does not seem to have much information, but has nonetheless seems inclined to write us a letter asking us to explain.  Sort of ironic:  PUC Commissioner Woods states that his goal is to drive all ESPs from the state, the Legislature passes and the Governor signs a bill prohibiting Direct Access, and now the PUC is concerned that California might actually be succeeding in its efforts to kill choice.  (The PUC is particularly concerned since they recently passed an order prohibiting gas customers from returning to the LDC---ironic indeed)  Any information that you folks can provide as soon as possible would be greatly appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, Mike.  Given time constraints, might be more efficient if we agree internally prior to sending out to the coalition.  Could folks please provide any comments to Mike Day pronto so that Scott Govenar can start immediately to get the DA coalition on board?  Scott, could you hold off until Mike gets and incorporates any internal comments?  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff    MDay <MDay@GMSSR.com> 02/27/2001 03:24 PM 
 Thanks, Catherine.  We've had a conversation with the PUC staffer and she's pretty ill-informed.  We told her that we need specific details.  I'll get back to you just as soon as (and if) I get them.  Best, Jeff    Catherine Woods@EES 02/27/2001 03:30 PM 
 Catherine/Roger:  Here are some more details forwarded by our outside counsel.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings Jess: I work in Government Affairs in San Francisco.  I would like to discuss internally and think hard about this before we give any response to the staffer at the CPUC---not because we have any reason not to respond, but because this a problem created almost exclusively by the PUC, and I don't want to give the PUC the opportunity to shift bad decision making and actions onto us.  There's a very easy fix to the situation.  The Commission can reverse the bad decision it made a month or so ago, and permit customers to return to utility service.  I've forwarded all of the information to Catherine Woods and Roger Ponce. Let's discuss more internally when we've gathered up all the facts and then decide whether and how we choose to respond to the staffer at the PUC.  My number's 415.782.7822.   Feel free to give me a ring.  Thanks very much Mike for helping to track down the info.    MDay <MDay@GMSSR.com> 02/27/2001 06:16 PM 
 Too hot a market: How energy producers manipulate California   (Published Sept. 22, 2000) The priciest place to shop this August in California was in Pasadena. There at the California Power Exchange, where much of the state's electricity is bought and sold, prices that utilities paid for power (an average $166 per megawatt) were up fivefold from the previous August ($32). What is happening? Among other things, too much power on hot days is being purchased in the near-panic environment that develops in the hours before a possible crisis. Too little is being purchased as it should be -- days, or even months, in advance. How was this new market-based system of buying electricity supposed to work? Much of the action was supposed to take place at the Power Exchange. There vibrant trading was supposed to exist in a variety of markets. Some utilities would be busy shopping for electricity the next day. Others, depending on their needs, would be squirreling away supply a month, even a year, in advance. Selling this power are private companies that have been busy purchasing fossil-fuel burning generators from the state's investor-owned utilities. Under the state's restructuring of electricity, these utilities were obligated to sell their fossil-fuel burning plants, but not necessarily their nuclear or hydroelectric generators. On any given day, up to 95 percent of the power needed to fuel California was supposed to be already purchased. The idea was to leave just a little bit for the last minute. Headquartered in Folsom, the state's entire grid is managed by an agency known as the Independent System Operator. The ISO's job is to buy whatever extra power is necessary to keep the lights on. With literally only hours to work with, the ISO is ill-suited to drive hard bargains. The ISO pays up to $250 per megawatt. The problem is that the ISO's spot market is way too big, and too pricey. It is buying up to 30 percent of California's power on some days, particularly hot ones. This August, less power is being purchased in those struggling futures market down in Pasadena. More was being bought in Folsom. This is a telltale sign that California's electricity market is working for those who own power plants, not those who pay the bills that are poised to rise. 
 Hey Buddy:  See cover email to the Brulte letter that was sent to the Sacramento Team= =20 couple of weeks ago when I was in Houston.  Might be a good place to start= =20 w.r.t. getting our "constructive" message out, though I'm sure that there's= =20 plenty of other things that needed to be added.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings, kiddo.  How's it going with this stuff.  Seems a wee bit like "stop and start, repeat."  Hang in there.  You're doing a fantastic job.  Best, Jeff 
 Ken:  could you call me at 415.782.7822 re: Loretta's talk tomorrow (I'll be in Sacramento).  Thanks, Jeff    "Ken Smith" <ken@kdscommunications.com> 02/27/2001 06:58 PM Please respond to "Ken Smith" 
 You are so sweet.  Thanks so much.  What's new?  What are we doing on the Friday of Eldon's b-day?    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 02/27/2001 07:06 PM 
 Greetings.  How's things? 
 You get this?  Someone that I know forwarded it along to me.  Know anything about it?  Best, Jeff   - Capacity Forum.doc 
 I'm scheduled to meet with Kari at 3:30 PST tomorrow, ostensibly to talk about demand buy-down.  Also presume to message the letter from Steve Kean to the Senators and our solution (perhaps in advance of meetings, phone calls that might take place later in the week with legislative leaders).  But would like to add to agenda for discussion on tomorrow's daily call in the event folks have additional suggestions.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks very much, Scott.  Shouldn't be a big problem.  Our buy-down auction would require the customer to commit to a fixed reduction over an extended period (for a price), and the reduction would have to be verifiable, i.e., the customer would need to have the equipment necessary to verify (which isn't a problem for large customers).  Sounds like a misunderstanding on the part of the legislator and something that we should be able to talk through. I'll be there tomorrow.  If it makes sense for me to meet with them, just let me know.  Who's the legislator  in charge of demand buy-down?  Best, Jeff    Scott Govenar <sgovenar@govadv.com> 02/27/2001 07:58 PM 
 Thanks, Roger.  We'll need to determine whether we've turned the customer back.  Any help that you and Catherine can give in that regard is appreciated.  Then we can decide if, and how, we choose to respond to the PUC staffer.  Thanks very much for your help.  Best, Jeff    Roger O Ponce@EES 02/27/2001 07:27 PM 
 will call shortly. 
 It's always darkest before the light (though it may not get light in our lifetimes).  Looks great.  Couple of points:  1) Despite promises to the contrary--common theme in this exercise--Burton (as I understand) did not remove the condemnation (expropriation?) language from ABx6, i.e., the state can just take your power plant (or anything else, it seems), if it has the inkling.  That's an egregious provision in ABx6.  2) I don't recall trying to amend ABx18 to say, "pay them their PX credits." I understood the tactic to be--get a prospective, date certain end to the freeze in the bill, which then gives us very firm legal ground on which to seek and get the money owed to us.  We could seek the additional language, but if putting date certain does the same thing without attracting a lot of attention, may be a preferable path.  3) Forgive me if I've just overlooked it, but I got wind of a bill by Ms Migden (ABx8?)  that gives one whole heckuvalot of new power--power usually left to FERC--to the CA Electricity Oversight Board.  Anyone know about it? We may want to get details for inclusion in the discussion with Delainey.  Best, Jeff 
 To Jim's last point.  I understand that the good 'ol utility system was often operated with little regard for basic economic principles, but there's something in this that seems very odd and difficult to assess, and it seems to always be tied to this notion that "California is a net importer, even in the winter."  I'm going to start with the economics and then let folks describe why it seemingly doesn't apply in Western electricity markets.  Just about every theory of economics and trade would lead to one conclusion: If California closes it's doors the other Western states will pay higher prices for power and/or face increased threats to reliability.  I'm struggling to try to determine why these basic principles aren't applicable to Western power markets.  I understand that the PNW is a very complex place and that the reasons could be embedded in the arcane structure that has developed over the years.  To keep it simple (though not necessarily accurate), I've confined the analysis to a world in which only the PNW and California exist.  The basic situation: The PNW peaks in the winter; California peaks in the summer.  Let's take two scenarios:  1)  The West, less California, is so awash in electricity that even in its peak--the Winter--it still has power to send to California, i.e., it has so overbuilt it's system that it has persistent surpluses to sell to California.  Irrespective, there have (to my limited knowledge) always been sales from CA to the PNW during the winter, when the PNW is peaking. The only conclusion that one can make, assuming that the PNW is awash in electricity, is that the PNW takes the power in California because it makes economic sense to do so. That is, during the winter peaking months, it must be cheaper on the margin for the PNW to buy from California rather than produce itself.  Otherwise, it's difficult to understand why it would buy from California during this month, particularly if they're long.  As such, at a minimum, the PNW's electric bill will necessarily increase if California closes its doors.  2) Neither the PNW , nor California, has indigenous capacity to meet peaking load.  Therefore, the PNW must buy California's power during its peaking summer period, and California must buy power during it's summer peaking period.  In this case, not only will the PNW's bill go up if California closes its doors, the lights are likely to go because they'll be short power.  I realize that this is a simplistic model, and that there could be other legitimate economic factors driving the flows out of California to the PNW (e.g., transmission costs).  And again, I also realize that economics may not have traditionally been a driver in the industry.  But I thought it might be useful to get a common framework in place as a starting point for the question that Jim asks.  With that, I'll pose the question (understanding the simplicity of the model set forth above):  Given that California sends power north--even if the PNW is long---how can California closing it doors not increase the PNW's cost of power?  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 02/28/2001 08:05 AM 
 Christian:  Could you let me know as soon as possible if 1) the proposed decision that I faxed you yesterday is go to go, i.e., adequately addresses our concerns regarding creditworthiness or if 2) we want to recommend some additional provisions?  If we want to recommend additional provisions, could you let me know what those are?  I want to make a run at getting this deal done at the CPUC ASAP,and would like to push Peevey to get Davis to have the PUC pass it out at their next meeting. But need to know if it's good as is or needs some tweeking.  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks very much for getting back to us.  So if I understand the bottom line:  1) the customer was mistakenly put back to SoCal (due to the dual service territory character of the customer's facilities), 2) the customer will be returned to our service, 3) the customer's contract with us expires on 5/31, and 4) the customer will have the option of re-signing with us, or returning to SoCalGas when the contracts ends on 5/31?  If I've confused anything, please let me know.  And thanks again for helping track down the info.  Best, Jeff    James D Foster@EES 02/28/2001 12:56 PM 
 har-dee-har-har.  I mean, will we be celebrating in some fashion.  I'm scheduled to go to Houston--I'm not kidding--but if there's something planned, which I assume there is, then I'm going to cancel my trip to Houston, like pronto.  Ironically, Jeff    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 02/27/2001 07:09 PM 
 Eldon said that you were making dinner on Friday, the 9th, and that he was flying a plane to pick up Cameron and Rory in Carmel.  Have you guys spoken in the last few months!?!?!?  (kidding.)  And don't worry about my birthday--that's not the issue.  It's Eldon's 80th--that's huge.  Friday is the 9th.  So I'm just checking in to see what's up.  My very strong inclination--for a variety of reasons, but Eldon's b-day is the biggest one--is to cancel.  Signed, confused    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 02/28/2001 01:10 PM 
 Thanks.  It would of course be easiest to make the calls and say "pass it out now, as is,"  but if more is needed to fix the credit issue, want to be prepared to tell them how the decision needs to be modified.  If it's fine as is, all the better.  Best, Jeff    Christian Yoder@ECT 02/28/2001 12:59 PM 
 Thanks again.    James D Foster@EES 02/28/2001 01:09 PM 
 Mike, Here's the answer.  Please call me when you get a chance to discuss a response (if any).  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you.  FYI.  Seems that the problem was that the last letter in my IZIO login (that comes up automatically when pulling up the page) was being truncated (which may result from my regular work login pre-empting the IZIO login--the two are exactly the same, except that my work login truncates the last letter of my name).  Thanks very much for your help.    Izio InfoPier <InfoPier@izio.com> 09/22/2000 03:10 PM 
 I understand that there may be a need to give no quarter on this, but given the circumstances--i.e., we talk every day and time and resources are extremely tight--is it reasonable to temporarily suspend filling this thing out for the next 60-90 days?  Lemme know.  My sister just called and said that the earthquake in Seattle was 7.0. That's big.  Best, Jeff    Lysa Akin@ECT 02/28/2001 09:57 AM 
 Sandi:  Apologies.  I meant and forgot to mention on the 11:30 call that the pipeline group is having their annual customer meeting (VPs of large energy companies throughout the West and Midwest) at the Santa Barbara Biltmore on April 12th and 13th.  They would very much like to get Bill Keese to speak (preferably on the morning of the 13th, but the morning of the 12th would work as well).  They'd like Bill to discuss the energy situation in California.  They can cover however much of Bill's costs--if any--that the State of California allows to be covered.  The folks at the pipeline group asked if we could make the contact with Bill and see if he's available and willing.  Given your relationship, thought you might be able to check.  They're anxious to get someone lined up as soon as possible.  Feel free to contact Laura Lantefield directly at 402.398.7080. Thanks very much for the help.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi.  I was trying to get a fix on whether there's something going on on the Friday of your Dad's b-day to see if I need to cancel the Houston trip.  What do you think?  xoxoxxo 
 Apologies.  The first version incorrectly left in some DWR credit issues and had a couple of other goofs.  Please discard and review and comment on this one.  But if you've already reviewed the other, no worries, since the attached is extremely similar (less the couple of goofs).  Thanks. 
 Lad can play both roles pretty effectively.    Drew Fossum 02/28/2001 01:57 PM 
 Pat/Christian: I'm assuming that the IOUs wouldn't be dumb enough to recommend something that would have an adverse effect on DWR's creditworthiness, but wanted to make sure you had a chance to review--just in case they're not as smart as I assume.  Thanks.  Jeff    "Daniel Douglass" <Douglass@ArterHadden.com> 02/28/2001 04:44 PM 
 The author is a very well-know Republican, Dan Schnur.  Needed - Star to Guide Us As Gov. Gray Davis gets the state deeper into the energy business, PUC chair is no bright light Dan Schnur Wednesday, February 28, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/02/28/E D102858.DTL IN A DEAL that serves mainly to malign the good name of white elephants, Gray Davis last week proposed to solve California's energy crisis by spending several billion dollars of taxpayer money to purchase more than 30,000 miles of transmission lines from the state's utilities. In addition to offering to pay the privately owned utilities more than twice the book value, Davis will put the state on the hook for more than a billion dollars in desperately needed repairs to the transmission system. None of which will do anything to keep the lights on this summer when temperatures start to rise and the state's lack of power capacity leads to regular rolling blackouts. Davis' proposal also raises the question of which state employees will take on this highly complex and technical challenge. Since assuming control of the purchase of electricity from the utilities last month, state bureaucrats have been folded, spindled and mutilated in their efforts to negotiate prices with seasoned private sector professionals. California is currently paying more than $50 million per day for electricity, running up a bill that will exceed $2 billion by the end of February. Not reassuring is the prospect of the same negotiators being entrusted with the operation and upkeep of the power lines. Facing re-election next year, Davis knows that any rate increase would be political hemlock. So the governor's other primary objective would seem to be identifying other words to describe the rate increases Californians will soon pay. Doing great damage to Capitol thesauruses, Davis has announced something he calls a "dedicated rate component." The practical effect will be the expiration of the temporary 10 percent rate reduction and a permanent 9 percent rate increase. Translated into English from the original Davis-ese, the solution means most Californians will soon pay almost 20 percent more for their electricity. The billions of dollars in revenue bonds that Davis will issue have already been double-promised, both to pay back state coffers for the electricity currently being purchased and to subsidize the future cost of keeping the utilities solvent. It's a good bet that the 20 percent increase is just the beginning. Unfortunately, Davis' twin goals of spending billions of dollars to bail out the utilities and avoiding rate hikes are mutually and utterly contradictory. The reason that the utilities need saving in the first place is because the state has forbidden them from charging market prices for electricity. And the only way that the state can continue to offer artificially low rates is to either raise taxes, eliminate other spending programs, or pretend to subsidize the cost with the same bonds that have already been double-committed. Knowing that there's not nearly enough money available to allow Davis to keep all of his promises, the utilities themselves have done an admirable job of restraining their enthusiasm for the governor's proposal. Southern California Edison's leaders, recognizing a gun to their head when they saw it, signed onto the deal. PG&E seems ready to fight on, but they're not bargaining from a position of great strength. Public opinion is already solidly against the utilities, and it's not like they can start supplying power to Arizona if they can't come to terms with Davis. If the state is going to involve itself so deeply in the energy business, Davis needs to find some qualified assistance. Unfortunately, he has instead entrusted California's electricity future to a Democratic Party campaign worker with virtually no experience in energy or power-related issues. Just over a year ago, Davis appointed Loretta Lynch, a San Francisco trial lawyer and longtime Democratic campaign aide, to fill a vacancy on the state Public Utilities Commission. Less than 60 days after Lynch joined the commission, Davis promoted her to the chairmanship. Lynch prepared for her responsibilities through several years in state Democratic politics, including stints as assistant campaign manager for state Attorney General John Van de Kamp's unsuccessful campaign for governor in 1990, as deputy campaign manager for Dianne Feinstein's successful U.S. Senate campaign in 1992 and as campaign manager for Delaine Eastin's 1994 race for state superintendent of public instruction. For good measure, Lynch worked with aides to then-Gov. Bill Clinton in 1992 to squelch media investigations into the earliest reports of the emerging Whitewater scandal. This is the resume of someone whose only previous experience with electricity had been turning on and off the lights at state Democratic Party headquarters. Lynch's lack of experience and knowledge about energy has undoubtedly helped turn a significant problem into a full-fledged disaster. California's utilities spent months begging for permission and guidelines to sign long-term agreements with suppliers that would have greatly reduced electricity prices. Both the utilities and their suppliers say that Lynch and her fellow commissioners turned a deaf ear. As late as December, Lynch was still telling the news media that no emergency existed and that California had all the electricity it needed. All things considered, Davis might as well have named James Carville as commander of the California National Guard. More than 20 years ago, then-California Gov. Jerry Brown appointed another young campaign worker to a critically important position in his administration. Rose Bird, whose only prior legal experience was as a deputy public defender in Santa Clara County, was named as Chief Justice of the state's Supreme Court. By the time California voters made her the first Supreme Court justice in the state's history to be recalled from the bench, she had managed to overturn more than 60 death sentences. Until her death in 1999, Bird helped define an entire generation of California politics and public safety debate. Ironically, one of the keys to Davis' election as governor was his ability to distance himself from the legacy of both Brown and Bird. But Davis may have repeated his former boss's worst mistake when he named an equally inexperienced campaign staffer to lead the state agency that is tasked with the responsibility for solving California's electricity crisis. There is still time for Davis to avoid punchline status. But he must immediately replace Lynch with someone who possesses the experience and expertise to help lead California through this critical time. Davis, who is the most politically calibrated of governors, may already be heading in this direction. Polls show that Californians disapprove of the job the state PUC is doing by overwhelming margins. By the time voters learn that it's the governor's job to oversee the PUC, Davis may decide that keeping a political crony in such an important position is a luxury he can't afford. Because the last thing he wants is to head into a re-election campaign being forced to defend the Rose Bird of electricity. Dan Schnur, longtime veteran of California politics, was communications director for Republican presidential candidate John McCain and for former Gov. Pete Wilson. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle   Page A21 
 I'd LOVE to.  Have class from 6:30 to 9:30......    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 02/28/2001 05:23 PM 
 Minor edit.  No big deal. Check it out. 
 Thanks so much for responding, Sally.  Very interested in exploring the possibilities with you.  Greatly appreciated.  Wow, that's the only other Jeff Dasovich I've ever heard of.  No kidding. Referred to you by Lee Green. Don't yet have soil test or temp profiles, but am in the process of figuring out how to get them done.  Any suggestions are welcome and appreciated.  I'll be around the weekend of March 10th.  If that works for you, great; otherwise, we can try another date.  Again, can't thank you enough for responding.  I don't know where it'll lead, but I've got a hunch that it just might work out.  Enjoy drinking your wine (had the syrah recently) and very much look forward to meeting you.  All the best, Jeff    Sally Ottoson <pacstar@mcn.org> 02/28/2001 05:05 PM Please respond to pacstar 
 Funny thing.  Right after we'd discussed my company's mark to market accounting in class on Monday, this article showed up on Wednesday.  Thought you might be interested.  TEXAS JOURNAL --- Energy Traders Cite Gains, But Some Math Is Missing ---- By Jonathan Weil Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal  Volatile prices for natural gas and electricity are creating high-voltage earnings growth at some companies with large energy-trading units. But investors counting on these gains could be in for a jolt down the road.  Shares of these companies have been on a tear lately. And some of the biggest players are in Houston, the center of the energy-trading industry. Dynegy Inc.'s stock is up more than fourfold so far this year at $53.438, and now trades for 41 times what analysts project the company's 2000 earnings will be, according to First Call/Thomson Financial. Shares of Enron Corp., the largest trader of gas and electricity in North America, have nearly doubled this year to $84.875, or 60 times earnings. Meanwhile, El Paso Energy Corp.'s stock has jumped 61% this year to $62.375, or 24 times earnings.  Traders at these and other companies are capitalizing on the wild price swings and supply fluctuations that have accompanied deregulation in some regional markets. Natural-gas prices have more than doubled in the past year, while supplies have tightened. And the rapid price fluctuations for electricity have prompted many large businesses to seek price protection through hedging or fixed-price contracts, generating large premiums for traders.  But what many investors may not realize is that much of these companies' recent profits constitute unrealized, noncash gains. Frequently, these profits depend on assumptions and estimates about future market factors, the details of which the companies do not provide, and which time may prove wrong. And because of minimal disclosure standards in these kinds of cases, it's difficult for investors to assess whose assumptions might be too aggressive, or what market changes might invalidate the assumptions -- and force earnings revisions.  "There could be a quality-of-earnings issue," says Tom Linsmeier, an associate professor of accounting at Michigan State University, who co-authored the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's rules on market-risk disclosures for financial instruments. "There certainly might be great volatility that could cause what now looks like a winning, locked-in gain to not arise sometime in the future."  The companies reject any suggestion that there may be quality problems with their earnings.  But at the heart of the situation is an accounting technique that allows companies to include as current earnings those profits they expect to realize from energy-related contracts and other derivative instruments in future periods, sometimes stretching over more than 20 years.  So-called mark-to-market accounting is mandated by accounting-rule makers when companies have outstanding energy-related contracts on their books at the end of a quarter, such as agreements to sell electricity or buy natural gas over a period of time at certain prices. Under those rules, companies estimate the fair market values of those contracts on their balance sheets each quarter as assets or liabilities. Changes in the value of a contract from quarter to quarter then are either added to or subtracted from net earnings.  If, for instance, the market price for natural gas rises above the price specified in a company's contract to buy gas, generally the company will record an unrealized gain. That gain is recognized as income and recorded as an asset on the company's balance sheet. At the end of each quarter, the contract is revalued. The value of the previously recorded asset is increased, and any increase in unrealized gain is recorded as additional income. Conversely, if the market value for gas falls, and the value of the contract has declined, any change in the contract's value is recorded on the company's balance sheet, and a loss is recorded on its income statement. e  Yet in their financial reports, the companies only vaguely describe the methods they use to come up with fair-value estimates on the contracts. Increasingly, quoted market prices offering independent guidance are becoming readily available for several years into the future. However, with some long-term derivative instruments, particularly electricity contracts, future market prices don't extend far enough to cover the full life of those contracts. And in those cases, companies are allowed to base valuations on their own undisclosed estimates, assumptions and pricing models.  "Ultimately they're telling you what they think the answer is, but they're not telling you how they got to that answer," says Stephen Campbell, an analyst at Business Valuation Services in Dallas. "That is essentially saying `trust me.'"  Accounting-rule makers at the Financial Accounting Standards Board have debated the subject of how to value energy-related contracts extensively in recent months. "Two companies in similar circumstances might apply different methods to estimate the fair value of their energy-related contracts and may arrive at widely different values," an FASB task force studying the issue wrote in a June report. "Those differences lead to the question of whether some of the methods in practice yield estimated amounts that are not representative of fair value."  Despite this concern, FASB isn't inclined to offer any explicit guidance for how such contracts should be valued. "There are just too many models and too many different types of instruments for us to have a one-size-fits-all type of model," explains Timothy Lucas, FASB's director of research in Norwalk, Conn.  One way to determine the size of a company's unrealized gains is to compare the change in the values of net assets from risk-management activities from quarter to quarter. Some companies also disclose how much they're adjusting their cash-flow statements to reflect unrealized gains that have been booked as earnings. That's how one can determine the size of the unrealized gains at Dynegy and Enron, for example, the two companies confirm.  A reporter's examination of Dynegy's financial filings shows the company's earnings are highly dependent on unrealized gains from risk-management activities. For its most recent quarter, ended June 30, Dynegy reported earnings of 38 cents a diluted share -- 71% of which came from unrealized gains, the company confirms. (The company's per-share earnings would have been 20 cents higher if not for a one-time stock dividend.) For all of 1999, Dynegy recorded $115 million in unrealized gains, accounting for 51% of its earnings.  Enron confirms it booked $747 million in unrealized gains from risk-management activities during the second quarter, more than the company's total $609 million in earnings before interest and taxes. Absent unrealized gains, the company would have reported a quarterly loss. For the quarter, the company reported earnings of 34 cents a diluted share, up 26% from a year earlier.  But not all companies disclose enough information for investors to calculate how large their unrealized gains are. El Paso says that's the case with its own quarterly reports, which disclose short-term assets and liabilities from risk-management activities -- but not long-term risk-management assets and liabilities.  For the second quarter, El Paso reported that its energy marketing and trading unit earned $152 million before interest and taxes, 24 times what it earned a year earlier. In an interview, El Paso's chief financial officer, Brent Austin, says unrealized gains represented about a third of that total. He says most of the cash from those gains will materialize within a year.  In its financial reports, Dynegy highlights the uncertainties with some contract valuations. It explains that with some long-term contracts for which market-price quotes aren't available, "the lack of long-term pricing liquidity requires the use of mathematical models to value these commitments . . . [using] historical market data to forecast future elongated pricing curves." Dynegy cautions that actual cash returns may "vary, either positively or negatively, from the results estimated."  But like Enron, El Paso and others, Dynegy provides scant details about its mathematical models -- such as the assumptions they use for market volatility and long-term price forecasts for natural gas and electricity. Nor is the company required to disclose more.  "The disclosure mentions risks," says John Cassidy, an analyst who tracks Dynegy for Moody's Investors Service in New York. "But I don't know that the disclosure offers enough detail for you to be able to quantify how much risk there is."  El Paso's filings warn that "because the valuation of these financial instruments can involve estimates, changes in the assumptions underlying these estimates can occur, changing our valuation and potentially resulting in financial losses." Enron cautions that the values it assigns to various transactions are based on "management's best estimate."  The companies are required to disclose what they think their maximum potential single-day risk-management losses might be, figures that also are based on various undisclosed market assumptions. But energy traders cite competitive reasons for not disclosing more.  "You don't necessarily want to tip off everyone to what you're doing," says John Harrison, chief financial officer for El Paso's merchant-energy unit.  Echoing remarks by executives at other energy traders, Enron's executive vice president and chief accounting officer, Richard Causey, says Enron runs a relatively balanced portfolio and that the estimates factored into his company's valuations are conservative. In large part, he says, those estimates are based on quoted market prices where available. Where they're not available, Mr. Causey says Enron bases its estimates in part on long-term pricing trends, as well as the company's own trading experience, which dates to 1990.  Further, Mr. Causey says, Enron's unrealized gains don't depend heavily on gains from long-term contracts that extend beyond the periods for which market quotes are available, reducing the potential for significant earnings revisions. The average length of Enron's risk-management contracts is just two years, he says. To be sure, though, some of Enron's electricity contracts extend for 25 years.  "We're getting the cash in quicker than you might think," Mr. Causey says. "They don't stay unrealized very long."  El Paso says its contracts have an average life of six years, with some running as long as 20 years. Dynegy says the longest risk-management contracts for which it uses mark-to-market accounting are 10 years, though it doesn't disclose an average length. Dynegy's chief financial officer, Robert Doty, says 96% of the company's gas contracts close out by 2002, while 75% of its power contracts expire by 2003. "The cash will come in," he says.  As for why the company doesn't disclose the extent of any bias, bullish or bearish, it has in the market, Dynegy executives say that information, like the estimates behind its mathematical models, is proprietary. Such disclosures may be outdated anyway by the time they could be included in public financial filings, says Michael Mott, a Dynegy vice president. Mr. Mott further explains that Dynegy could be realizing more cash earnings now if it wanted to. But "we don't see that would be in the best interests of shareholders," Mr. Mott says, because the company figures it can earn more later by leaving much of its gains unrealized for now.  Mr. Linsmeier of Michigan State compares the current situation for energy traders with the accounting controversies that engulfed subprime automobile and residential lenders during the late 1990s, though he emphasizes it's too far early to tell whether the consequences will be similar. Using so-called gain-on-sale accounting (a form of mark-to-market accounting), those lenders booked earnings from loans as soon as they were made, rather than having to wait for them to be paid off, as banks typically do.  But as interest rates fell in 1998, many customers paid off their loans earlier than expected, slashing lenders' profit margins. Compounding matters, the market for mortgage-backed securities dried up in the wake of financial chaos in Russia and other foreign markets, leaving lenders to bear the higher risks of many new loans.  Many investors complained they were blindsided, in part because these lenders generally hadn't disclosed their assumptions about prepayment rates and other variables. After the crash, subprime lenders routinely began disclosing the key assumptions used to value their mortgage portfolios.  At New York University, accounting professor Baruch Lev says investors would be better served if energy traders' financial filings explained the effects of hypothetical commodity-price movements on the values of their risk-management assets, and disclosed the basic assumptions about future commodity-price movements ingrained in their mathematical models. Says Mr. Lev, "I would like to see much more disclosure, particularly given that this is now becoming a significant component of their earnings."   - - - - - - - - - - - -  Document Released on 2000-09-20 02:20:08.0 EST - - - - - - - - - - - - 
 FYI.  Well if she ain't sweet.... 
 FYI.  Looks like what we suspected is about to launch, i.e., an orchestrated effort by Davis to go after the suppliers.  Just found out the following from Sue Mara, who attended the ISO board meeting today:  The ISO is scheduled to release a "report" today claiming that suppliers are price gouging. The California AG has subpoena-ed generator-members of the WPTF---very extensive questions asking for just about everything under the sun.  Likely that we can expect a loud call for regional price caps very soon.  Best, Jeff    Karen Denne 02/28/2001 06:25 PM 
 What kind of contract?    William Gang@EES 02/28/2001 06:32 PM 
 Laura: Thanks so much for including me on the list.  Quick question:  Which committe is this and who's on the committe?  Is there an agenda for the meeting on the 5th?  Thanks again. Best, Jeff 
 Yes, I would like to attend if that would be possible.  Thanks very much for the info.  I assume that the folks on the committe are the energy managers of the companies (like K.C. Mares, who I met when I met with Justin a few weeks ago)?  Jeff    "Laura Goldseth" <lgoldseth@svmg.org> 02/28/2001 07:30 PM 
 Here is the final version.  I'll bring copies with me tomorrow to Sacramento and can drop them off at Hedy's office.  I meet with Kari Dohn at 10 AM and will be attending the AB 1890 Implementation Group meeting at 1:30.  I can drop off copies before I head out for the Dohn meeting.  If there's anything else, just let me know.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 In that case, definitely baloney. 
 Thanks, Steve. That helps clear things up enormously (at least in my little mind).  Best, Jeff    Steve Walton@ECT 02/28/2001 09:27 PM 
 Thanks.  Got if fixed. 
 Bill:  In order to assess, I need to understand the structure.  What's the contract structure look like now?  What are we proposed to change, including counterparties?  What part of the existing contract required any PUC approval and why?  What is Edison saying needs to happen at the PUC?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff    William Gang@EES 03/01/2001 10:48 AM 
 Greetings Justin and Laura: As we discussed there is a significant coalition of folks working at the Legislature to try to remove the prohibition on Direct Access included in Hertzberg's AB1X and recently signed by the Governor.  Simply put, it is clear that the prohibition will only be removed if the business community communicates clearly  and unequivocally and vociferously to the Legislature that Direct Access is a priority for business, and that the Legislature must amend AB1X to permit Direct Access.  I've attached the media plan developed by the PR firm that's working with ARM (Alliance for Retail Markets) to increase the focus on the need to re-instate Direct Access.  The ARM coalition of energy service providers has been the focal point of the ever-growing coalition that has developed (and continues to develop) around the Direct Access issue.  In order to succeed, it is critical to get as many members of the Silicon Valley Manufactures' Group to join in the effort and participate actively, particularly in the media effort.  My colleague Sue Mara has been a key player in the ARM coalition and in the development of the medial effort.  She can provide you with any information and/or assistance that you need and can also get you in contact with Edelman, the PR firm directing the media effort.  Sue's number is 415.782.7802.  Her email is smara@enron.com.  And, as always, you can contact me at any time (415.782.7822).  Looking forward to any participation that you folks can offer.  All the best, Jeff 
 whaddya mean?    Susan J Mara 03/02/2001 01:36 PM 
 FYI. 
 You're very sweet.  Thank you so much. 
 Do we want to position this as "let the market do it, cuz it can do it better than Socalgas; but the market ain't going to do anything if you don't create an hospitable investment climate?" 
 Hi Laura:  Thanks very much.  If it works for you, I'd be happy to come to your office on either day to meet and catch up.  Just let me know.  I can be flexible. Have fun in DC.  Best, Jeff    Laura Ipsen <lipsen@cisco.com> 03/02/2001 02:34 AM 
 Folks:  Here's a catalogue of issues that Sue, Mona and I put together using Paul's outline as a guide.  Just a start (but a pretty good one), with lots more to do, but it should provide a solid platform to get the strategy completed in short order.  Best, Jeff 
 Laura:  FYI  Jeff 
 Dude:  Thanks very much.  Looking forward to tonite.  You won't believe this--this morning, I heard on the radio that today--that's right, today--is Doc Watson's birthday.  Killer...  Best, Jeff 
 Just talked to Peevey.  He told me that he and Freeman personally worked with Bilas on Bilas' draft decision--the decision designed to make CDWR creditworthy and keep the PUC from touching Direct Access until the Legislature has a chance to fix the AB1X prohibition.  I made the pitch re: decision does what it takes to fix the creditworthy issue and the Commission needs to vote it out immediately.  He said he agreed but expressed his general frustration with the decision making process generally, and said that he is not certain right now if the decision is greased to get voted out at the next Commission meeting.  He said that he's going to be talking to the Governor this afternoon and will push the issue with him.  I asked him to keep me updated.  He said that he would.  I told him that it wasn't helpful that the Governor named names in New York regarding alleged agreements about "haircuts," particularly when folks are trying to negotiate deals with DWR. He wasn't aware of that and asked me to fax him the Merril press, which I did.  I'll also fax him our letter supporting the Bilas decision.  Best, Jeff 
 zeigheil (sp?), dude. 
 Thanks very much, Laura.  If it's appropriate, I would like to attend?  Just let me know.  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 i send her just about everything.  if she wasn't on distribution list, it was an oversight that i'll correct, fellow "responder" on the upcoming panel in houston.  best, jeff 
 Thank you very much for the tech data.  Margaret, is there data out there regarding the California utilities performance (i.e., how many rolling blackouts, etc. v. national average)?  Thanks again. 
 Sandi: Apologies.  Inadvertently didn't include you on first distribution. Best, Jeff 
 in office mon-wed travel to houston on thurs in houston on friday    Joseph Alamo 03/02/2001 07:41 PM 
 Yes, I'll be in Houston this week.  We could discuss there. But might be useful to discuss tomorrow when you return.  I'm available.  Seems useful to try to get a start on it tomorrow.  You available for a quick call?  My schedule's pretty flexible.  Best, Jeff 
 Apologies.  At a loss to figure out how in the heck your name disappeared from this mega-list. 
 Mike (Day): As you know from the work with the DA coalition, UC/CSU is extremely interested in ensuring that the prohibition on DA included in AB1X gets "fixed" in SB27X.  Of couse we'd ideally like to make sure that the language providing the "fix" makes it crystal clear that customers retain the right going forward.  There's some concern that the "fix" language that's been floating around thus far needs some tightening to wring out the ambiguities. In that regard, Mike Smith is going to try to craft some language and forward it to you.  We'll need to try to get Mike (Smith's) language into the draft that you're putting together based on last Friday's meeting, preferably before  you circulate the next draft to the DA coalition.  Mike Smith, I'll assume that you'll contact Mike Day directly, but Mike (Day), if there's any questions, don't hesitate to contact me.  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 Brilliance begets brilliance. 
 you still at school?  call me at work. 
 thanks for a great dinner and a fun time.  eldon, thanks for slaughtering me at three--count 'em, three--games of cowboy. 
 thanks.  who's jeff shields?    Paul Kaufman@ECT 03/05/2001 01:29 PM 
 Thanks.  All comments/edits welcome and appreciated.  Best, Jeff    "Ken Smith" <ken@kdscommunications.com> 03/05/2001 11:50 AM Please respond to "Ken Smith" 
 FYI. *********************************************************************** UC Pioneers Conservation Two decades of innovations prepared campuses for energy price crunch When the state's energy crisis hit, the University of California was not caught with its fans running full blast. Across the nine-campus UC system, $65 million has been spent over two decades on energy-saving devices, including new lighting, variable speed fans, even a system to harness waste gas from landfills to run boilers. So, with Gov. Gray Davis calling for every California household and business to cut electricity use by 10 percent, UC offers a good model of conservation. Despite rapid growth in the 178,000-student system in recent years, most campuses have held electricity consumption steady, and the university will net about $75 million in savings from the projects. "We are fortunate to have on the campuses people with the religion. They have been working on this agenda since the oil embargo," said Gary Matteson, UC director of energy and utilities planning. But UC will need to do more. Facing a 146 percent increase in the cost of natural gas -- which powers the co-generators that produce electricity -- the university is now asking the state for $217 million to fund additional conservation efforts. That way, UC could offset the increase in natural gas prices. As a state institution, UC has to reduce its electricity consumption by 8 percent of its base load -- which is 334 megawatts at peak -- and by 20 percent during Stage 2 alerts, when state electricity reserves fall below 5 percent. UC has already exceeded the 8 percent reduction and Matteson said he expects the system to be ready to meet the 20 percent goal by June 1, before the summer peak hits. Like little cities, the campuses run around the clock, but laboratory lights that used to blaze continuously are now going dark when not needed, those in hallways have been dimmed or shut off when possible and the thermostats have been lowered. "I almost stumble through some of the hallways, it is so dark," said Keith Roberts, energy engineer at UC Davis. "There are a lot of people who really want to help out. We are trying to do what we can without impacting the mission of the campus." At many campuses, daily e-mail alerts remind students, as well as employees, to open their window shades to light and warm their rooms and offices during the day, and to shut off computers and lights when they are not in use. At UC Berkeley, freshman Jon Clingan, 18, said signs have been posted in the hallways and bathrooms of the residence halls, imploring students to save electricity in their rooms and even to cut short their showers. "I try to keep my light off as long as possible until it is just not possible to do work," Clingan said. In addition to conserving energy, UC protected itself against skyrocketing electricity prices by signing a four-year contract in 1998 -- along with the California State University system -- with Enron Corp to buy electricity at the 1996 rate minus 5 percent. In 1986, systemwide co-generation plants were installed to produce sufficient energy for most university buildings and to pump an additional 20 megawatts into the state's electricity grid. That approach saved most of the UC campuses from falling victim during the state's rolling blackouts -- although UC Santa Cruz went dark one day in January because its co-generation plant was out. MARKET PRICES AHEAD Still, UC officials are asking the Legislature for extra money, warning that a systemwide natural gas bill is expected to rocket from $26 million last year to a projected $64 million this year. A contract for low-priced gas is expiring and UC will soon find itself paying market prices. That means UC will face having to raise dormitory fees, cut back on night and weekend classes and turn down the air conditioners in the summer, leaving classrooms sweltering. Saying that that would be unacceptable, Assemblywoman Elaine Alquist, D- Santa Clara, chair of the Assembly Higher Education Committee, called a hearing on the issue last month. "I really wanted to hear how they were going to cope with the crisis," she said. UC is already negotiating with the State Department of Finance to get about $217 million for an additional list of energy efficiency and conservation projects that could save 149 megawatts within three years. Reducing electricity means reducing reliance on natural gas. John Baca, manager of the policy and strategic planning program for the Office of Energy Assessments at the state Department of General Services, said higher education facilities tend to consume a lot of energy. "They have experiments that just can't go off and they have a lot of flue hoods, and things like that," Baca said. "They have to have power for a lot of different things all the time, so there is still a lot of potential at the higher education level. But I think UC has done a really fantastic job." SYSTEMWIDE CHANGES The efforts have been made across the system. UC Santa Cruz undertook an extensive conservation project that reduced electricity consumption in academic and administrative buildings by 6 percent. UC Davis has spent about $15 million on conservation renovations during the past 10 years, saving at least $3 million a year. At UC Berkeley, more than $6 million has been spent since 1986 to improve energy efficiency on the campus by modifying and reducing light fixtures in older buildings, installing centrally located automated controls that can run heating and cooling equipment on a flexible schedule, and improving efficiency around heating pipes. "Our usage is only 3 percent above what it was in 1972-73," said Paul Black, a senior engineer in the UC Berkeley physical plant department. "And if you think of all the computers added and also the air conditioners we have added to cool computer rooms and labs, that is good." E-mail Tanya Schevitz at tschevitz@sfchronicle.com. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle   Page A - 3 
 can you send the ackerman email around?  calger wasn't there; left him a voice mail. expect to hear back shortly.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI--Davis includes us as one of the companies he signed up. I'm only aware of a 30-day deal with an option to extend for 5 years (option ends toward the end of the month, as I understand it). Not aware of any other deals we've done with DWR at this time, though others are on the table----DWR's creditworthiness remains an issue. Best, Jeff  Davis announces first round of long-term power contracts DON THOMPSON, Associated Press Writer Monday, March 5, 2001 ,2001 Associated Press (03-05) 12:31 PST SACRAMENTO (AP) -- The state has reached 40 long-sought long-term contracts and other agreements to keep power flowing to customers of two financially ailing utilities, Gov. Gray Davis announced Monday. The deals will supply an average of nearly 8,900 megawatts per year for Southern California Edison and Pacific Gas and Electric Co. customers over the next 10 years and let the state buy power for far less than it has been paying on the costly spot market, Davis said in a written statement. One megawatt is enough power for about 1,000 households. For the first five years, the contracts provide power at an average price of $79 per megawatt hour, about 75 percent below recent costs on the spot electricity market, Davis said. The price drops to an average of $61 per megawatt hour, about 80 percent below spot prices, he said. ``These agreements are the bedrock of a long-term energy solution,'' Davis said in remarks prepared for delivery Monday afternoon in Los Angeles. ``The provide reliability at a reasonable price.'' Some of the contract negotiations will result in accelerated power plant construction, adding an estimated 5,000 megawatts to the state grid within the next two years, some by this summer, Davis said. The contracts amount to 75 percent of the long-term deals the Davis administration has sought under a new law that lets the state spend an estimated $10 billion over a decade to buy power for Edison and PG&E customers. Davis has pitched such contracts as one way to lift California out of its energy crisis. Negotiations have taken longer than expected, however, as his administration and power providers haggled over how much the state should pay. The Davis administration wants to stop paying for power on the expensive spot market, where desperation to keep the lights on leads to inflated prices. On Friday, the state released another $500 million to continue making such purchases on behalf of the state's two big cash-strapped utilities, bringing its spending so far to some $3.2 billion since early January. The agreements announced Monday include more than 20 power suppliers, including electricity giants Duke Energy, Calpine, Dynegy, Enron and Reliant. Davis declined to release details on individual contracts. Duke Energy said it has reached a $4 billion, nine-year agreement to sell electricity to the state. The memorandum of understanding calls for Duke to provide 550 megawatts starting next Jan. 1. That's enough power for roughly 550,000 households. That amount would rise to 800 megawatts Jan. 1, 2003, enough electricity for the equivalent of 800,000 households. The contract would continue through 2010. ``We believe long-term contracts provide the critical underpinning for a stable electricity market and are happy the state is moving in that direction,'' Bill Hall, head of Duke's California operations, said in a written statement. The state is buying about one-third of the power used by the customers of Edison and PG&E. Both have been denied credit by suppliers who fear the financially troubled utilities won't pay for the power. California plans to recover those costs by issuing $10 billion in revenue bonds in May, with the rest of that money going to finance the cheaper, long-term power contracts. In addition to the long-term contracts, the Department of Water Resources has reached 11 agreements letting it buy a substantial amount of power on the day-ahead market, cutting the state's payment of premium prices on the real-time market, Davis said. A Stage 1 power alert was called Monday morning with reserves threatening to drop to 7 percent due to power plant maintenance and low electricity imports, said Patrick Dorinson, spokesman for the Independent System Operator. The ISO manages the state's power grid. 
 I'm worried about the commercial guys---they're in a "rock no boats" mode in anticipation of perhaps signing the 5-year deal.  I'll let you know what Calger sez soon as he gets back to me.  He's in a meeting.  Best, Jeff    Karen Denne 03/05/2001 04:34 PM 
 FYI. As if we weren't having enough fun with electricity.... Note last paragraph of press release calling on government to "get out of t= he=20 way" and "let the private sector solve the problems in the gas market."  Jeff    FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE   CONTACT: James Fisfis March 5, 2001        (916) 319-2071  GOP MOVES NATURAL GAS TO FRONT BURNER Assembly Republicans join together once again to request Davis to call=20 special session.  (SACRAMENTO) =01) Assembly Republicans united Monday in asking Governor Gra= y=20 Davis to call a special session of the California legislature to deal with= =20 skyrocketing natural gas prices.  =01&Families and businesses are reeling every month from extraordinary gas= =20 prices.  Pardon the expression, but the natural gas crisis no longer belong= s=20 on California=01,s back burner,=018 said Assembly Republican leader Bill Ca= mpbell=20 (R =01) Villa Park).  Assembly Republicans unanimously signed a letter to Governor Gray Davis=20 asking for him to convene a special session of the legislature to deal with= =20 California=01,s skyrocketing natural gas bills.  Republicans delivered the= =20 letter to Davis this morning.  =01&A special session is both a symbolic and a practical necessity.  It tel= ls=20 Californians that we care about their skyrocketing gas bills.  It tells=20 businesses everywhere that California is going to provide for its future=20 energy needs,=018 said Campbell.  =01&Practically speaking, a special sessi= on also=20 allow us to pass legislation which can take effect immediately.=018  Republicans believe the electricity and natural gas crises are inextricably= =20 linked.  =01&California=01,s natural gas crisis is completely intertwined with its= =20 electricity crisis,=018 said Campbell.  =01&Any plan to deal with our elect= ricity=20 crisis must have a natural gas component or Californians are going to pay= =20 unacceptably high prices for both.=018  Assembly Republicans believe the natural gas crisis has many fronts, all of= =20 which could be addressed comprehensively by a special session.  =01&Natural gas issues include pipeline capacity, storage, exploration,=20 alternative fuels and conservation,=018 said Campbell.  =01&A special sessi= on lets=20 us put together a comprehensive solution.=018  =01&The private sector has the expertise and the capital to deal with these= =20 issues if government would just get out of the way.  Republicans believe th= at=20 a legislative solution to the natural gas crisis should leave the resources= =20 and primary decision-making to the private sector,=018 said Campbell.  # # # 
 been on vacation.  i'm back.  would you like me to call? 
 I'll be in town, though i'm going to the "leading edge" deal at haas on sat. morning.  home number is 415.621.8317. 
 -- FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE   CONTACT: James Fisfis March 5, 2001        (916) 319-2071  GOP MOVES NATURAL GAS TO FRONT BURNER Assembly Republicans join together once again to request Davis to call=20 special session.  (SACRAMENTO) =01) Assembly Republicans united Monday in asking Governor Gra= y=20 Davis to call a special session of the California legislature to deal with= =20 skyrocketing natural gas prices.  =01&Families and businesses are reeling every month from extraordinary gas= =20 prices.  Pardon the expression, but the natural gas crisis no longer belong= s=20 on California=01,s back burner,=018 said Assembly Republican leader Bill Ca= mpbell=20 (R =01) Villa Park).  Assembly Republicans unanimously signed a letter to Governor Gray Davis=20 asking for him to convene a special session of the legislature to deal with= =20 California=01,s skyrocketing natural gas bills.  Republicans delivered the= =20 letter to Davis this morning.  =01&A special session is both a symbolic and a practical necessity.  It tel= ls=20 Californians that we care about their skyrocketing gas bills.  It tells=20 businesses everywhere that California is going to provide for its future=20 energy needs,=018 said Campbell.  =01&Practically speaking, a special sessi= on also=20 allow us to pass legislation which can take effect immediately.=018  Republicans believe the electricity and natural gas crises are inextricably= =20 linked.  =01&California=01,s natural gas crisis is completely intertwined with its= =20 electricity crisis,=018 said Campbell.  =01&Any plan to deal with our elect= ricity=20 crisis must have a natural gas component or Californians are going to pay= =20 unacceptably high prices for both.=018  Assembly Republicans believe the natural gas crisis has many fronts, all of= =20 which could be addressed comprehensively by a special session.  =01&Natural gas issues include pipeline capacity, storage, exploration,=20 alternative fuels and conservation,=018 said Campbell.  =01&A special sessi= on lets=20 us put together a comprehensive solution.=018  =01&The private sector has the expertise and the capital to deal with these= =20 issues if government would just get out of the way.  Republicans believe th= at=20 a legislative solution to the natural gas crisis should leave the resources= =20 and primary decision-making to the private sector,=018 said Campbell.  # # # 
 Yes.    Mike D Smith@EES 03/05/2001 06:02 PM 
 Principles with edits received thus far.  Best, Jeff 
 hi!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  gigi, o, gigi, you won't believe this.  i gave a talk on california at the plaza hotel in nyc about a month or so ago and guess who spoke on the panel before me?!?!?  you guessed it.  daniel william hissself. can't wait to tell you about it.  i, too, want to catch up.  how's coffee early tomorrow morning---like 8:30 am work for you.  otherwise, i'm in heewwwston for the rest of the week.  hey, we each had big birthdays--congratulations.  another decade well lived.  look forward to seeing you real soon.  best, jeff 
 Concur with Harry, i.e., continue to take the position that the program should be available to all.  When I was in Sacramento last week at a meeting of all the players, the utilities argument against including DA customers was based on "double dipping," i.e., payments to customers/ESPs for curtailment, plus payments to customers/ESPs for the re-sale of power to the ISO resulting from the curtailment.  The utilities "double dipping" argument is off base.  As important, the state is facing the threat of frequent and severe supply disruptions this summer and it needs to take each and every step necessary to try to avoid them.  The utility position (apart from being incorrect) seems pretty short-sighted given the dire circumstances.  So seems clear that California should include both DA and bundled customers in the program.  Best, Jeff       Harry Kingerski 03/06/2001 09:02 AM 
 No rush, but thought I'd throw this out there just ot get the ball rolling:  Looks at this point like any of the presentation dates work for me, so I don't necessarily have a preference. Options for project (and I'm really just throwing stuff out there to stimulate thought): Analyze AOL/Time Warner merger My company, Enron, is accused by some analysts of being nothing more than a Merrill-Lynch, or a Morgan-Stanley, or a Goldman-Sachs, etc.  These analysts claim that we should therefore trade at multiples that are in line with the investment houses.  We differ in that view (for a lot of reasons that I won't go into here).  Might be interesting to analyze strategies, differences, etc.  Anyway, just some thoughts to get the ball rolling.  I'm open to just about anything.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, Steve:  Alan and Jim might want to join in the fun.  Does 1PM west coast time work for folks to have a brief kick-off discussion of how we might assess the costs of a "California for Californians" energy policy?  Best, Jeff    Steve Walton@ECT 03/06/2001 11:27 AM 
 It's a little far off into the future, but NARUC will be in San Diego on Nov. 12-15 (odd coincidence?).  Might be a good place to do some messaging. 
 Just let me know when you'd like to chat.  Best, Jeff    Lara Leibman 03/06/2001 11:29 AM 
 tomorrow at 9 it is.  the place on either battery or sansome at California, right?  can't wait.  see you then.  jeff    "Gigi Coe" <gcoe@firstworld.net> 03/06/2001 12:46 PM 
 FYI. 
 FYI.  Appears that all went well, even though our communications remain a wee bit bumpy.  Sometimes outcome is the most important thing.  Signed, Cuddles 
 Glad to hear that it all worked out.  Have a great conference. Best, Jeff    Laura Lantefield/ENRON@enronXgate 03/06/2001 02:58 PM 
 This is separate from our 2 PM UC/CSU meeting right?  Apologies.  Difficult to keep it al straight these days.  Best, Jeff    Leasa Lopez@EES 03/06/2001 02:14 PM 
 No need to apologize.  Thanks for bio.  Sorry about the long-winded voice mail.  Look forward to call from McKinsey.  If there's anything I can do, don't hesitate.  Best, Jeff    Kari Dohn <Kari.Dohn@GOV.CA.GOV> 03/06/2001 02:01 PM 
 Lisa: Here's the information regarding Edison's SO2 credits before the PUC.  Fax to follow.  If you need anything else, just let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Let's try this.  Neither of us will say one critical thing of the other.  I won't say anything, in jest, or otherwise, and you do the same.  And if someone does, the other needs to bring it up. But Prentice, if I say, "that's critical" and then I have to have a long argument about the fact that I think it is, and you think it isn't, that isn't going to work.  So I'm willing to have a complete moratorium, if that's something that you're willing to try, too.  I hope you'll going sailing today.  Did I leave my sunglasses in your car?  I also left my gym bag in your bathroom, which has my sailing shoes in it.  I'm at work.  You can call me here.    Prentice Sellers <psellers@pacbell.net> 09/24/2000 03:31 AM 
    - Kari's bio.doc 
 Funny.  I sent it before you sent your note, I think.  You will have a very difficult time touching base with her.   Good luck.  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you.  I'm not getting it.  Please continue sending if you can.  Thanks very much.  Jeff    James D Steffes 03/06/2001 04:42 PM 
 Please distribute to rest of Sac team.  Thanks, Jeff 
 Also might add that it conflicts directly with and is likely to thwart Gov's efforts to dramatically reduce demand this summer and avoid rolling black outs.  Seems like legislators would benefit from more information, along the lines of the points that Harry makes, to better understand that this bill would only add to the problems.  Best, Jeff    Harry Kingerski 03/06/2001 05:00 PM 
 Yes, I will be joining folks for dinner. 
 FYI.  xoxoxoxoxo 
 Note size of folks participanting as reflected in email distribution list. See attachment, which shows "official" list of coalition members and bullet points they're passing along to legislators.  Note UC is on the list.  Mike:  UC's participation in this coalition can be fairly characterized as "very active."  Best, Jeff 
 Kim:  Been having horrible computer problems.  (Just got switched over to Windows 2000---I hate Microsoft; break it up into a million itty bitty pieces.)  Haven't had a chance to read what you wrote.  Attaching what I cobbled together yesterday.  Will also take a look at what Mr. Jackson put together. You should feel free to go ahead and meld mine and yours, etc.  I'm at work. Will be here until  about 11-11:30.  After that, if you need me, page me at 888.916.7184.  And thanks a million for pulling it together.  Best, Jeff 
 well, wouldn't you know it.  i now have a 9 am meeting.  but i've opened up for lunch.  any chance of doing lunch?  i could also do coffee in the afternoon.  (i don't leave for hewwston now until Thursday at noon).  My apologies.  Hope one of these other times work?  your pal, jeff    "Gigi Coe" <gcoe@firstworld.net> 03/06/2001 01:21 PM 
 DA coalition's leg language.  Letter supporting Bilas from subset of coalition.  Coalition list to follow. 
 howzabout 11 or 11:15 at the coffee place?    "Gigi Coe" <gcoe@firstworld.net> 03/06/2001 10:31 PM 
 I think we may have decided to start at 11 AM?  I have a 1 PM meeting. Possible to start at 11?  Best, Jeff    Marcia A Linton 03/07/2001 08:22 AM 
 I'll be in air (to Houston) at that time tomorrow.  Harry can you attend EES (San Diego team call)? Best, Jeff 
 Sue Mara was correct on the call yesterday.  While the PUC meets regularly on Thursdays, it appears they are having a meeting today at which the "Bilas Alternative" is up for a vote.  Our information is that there is some likelihood that the decision will be approved----but please don't hold your breath.  We'll disseminate information just as soon as we get it.  Best, Jeff 
 The notion that it would have to be a monthly analysis sounds like pure Roger, and could likely be correct.  But we need to determine whether we can get what we need by doing a "less precise" annual versus a "monthly."  Seems that once we've made that call, we direct the scenario and they do it. Thoughts?  Best, Jeff    Robert Neustaedter@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 03/07/2001 09:36 AM 
 Attached is a rough draft of some scenario development around the PX credit and rate issues.  Few points:  Apologies in advance for any errors and inaccuracies. Given time crunch, the model developed is quite crude and will need refinement (to be sure). The bankruptcy scenario is included (scenario 4), but (again, given the time crunch) has not been analyzed to the same extent as the other scenarios. Tribolet should be able to provide good insights there, however. The exposure has not been calculated since GA does not have the numbers, but EES should be able---once there's agreement on scenarios and probabilities---to run the numbers very quickly. I've assigned my view of what the probabilities are.  These are key inputs and the team will need to scrub them thoroughly. For ease of use by all, and given time considerations, I've done the conceptual model in word format, rather than excel.  It will be simple to translate this conceptual model to a spreadsheet model (in excel).  Best, Jeff     Marcia A Linton 03/07/2001 08:22 AM 
 great.  see you there.    "Gigi Coe" <gcoe@firstworld.net> 03/07/2001 12:15 PM 
 Forgot to attach the file.  Here it is.    Jeff Dasovich 09/24/2000 12:53 PM 
 of course.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 03/07/2001 03:14 PM 
 The Commission just voted out one half of the "Bilas Alternate."  The decision that got voted out included Bilas' DWR-based language stating that the PUC 1) would not second-guess DWR purchases and 2) would pass through DWR costs to customers. However, in a move led by Commissioner Carl Wood, the decision removed the Bilas language on Direct Access.  The decision therefore did NOT include the Bilas language staying any Commission action on implementing the Direct Access prohibition.  Carl Wood called including Direct Access "the height of arrogance." The decision was voted out 3-2, with the 2 remaining Republicans dissenting. That said, the Commission has no proposal before it implementing the prohibition, and there was no talk at the meeting of implementing the prohibition any time soon.  Best, Jeff 
 Tell me it ain't so, Bob.  Hostile would be a gross understatement.  If you would like to chat further let me know.  Best, Jeff    Robert C Williams/ENRON@enronXgate 03/07/2001 05:11 PM 
 FYI.  I've notified Bob and Mike about Carl Wood's proclivities.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm in SF.  I'll be here.    Robert C Williams/ENRON@enronXgate 03/07/2001 05:27 PM 
 It continues to be fun, fun, fun out here.  Give a call and I can explain--415.782.7822.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 This version includes Jim's and Ken's suggestions.  Best, Jeff 
 This copy should correct all of the the typos identified on the call this morning.  Apologies if I've missed any.  Best, Jeff 
 If there is any possibility of doing it on Wednesday and Thursday, that would work much better with my schedule, but I can be flexible if necessary. Thanks very much for coordinating.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, Steve.  Alan, any word from Tim re: resource availability?  See you all in Houston. Best, Jeff 
 No.  The decision would have prevented the Commission from implementing the legislation that prohibits direct access, at least during the time that Legislature and the direct access coalition work together to try to come up with a compromise to continue to allow direct access.  So all this means is that the prohibition still has not been implemented and there currently is nothing before the commission to implement.  Sure would have been nice if the commission had passed it, though.  Also, did I tell you that i'm in a meeting all day tomorrow in houston and therefore can't do an update call with edward's?  i can, however, do it on monday.  best, jeff    William Gang@EES 03/07/2001 08:28 PM 
 i won't be in class tonite.  i'm open, too, but to tell you the truth, mark, the thought of comparing us and european accounting standards/practices makes me break out in a rash.  if there's any way that we can focus on strategy, valuation, or other sorts of financial analyses that we've focused on in the course, that would be preferable from my perspective.  best, Jeff    "Vavrek, Carolyn (US - San Francisco)" <cvavrek@deloitte.com> 03/07/2001 08:13 PM 
 Wow.  Have a great trip.  I'll anxiously await your return.  Best, Jeff    "Gigi Coe" <gcoe@firstworld.net> 03/07/2001 10:59 PM 
 Thank you.    Vicki Sharp@EES 03/08/2001 08:23 AM 
 This, my friends, sounds ominous.....    Linda Robertson Sent by: Lora Sullivan 03/08/2001 10:31 AM 
 FYI.  Appears that the Davis administration has thrown down the gauntlet, looking to position itself in a way that will allow it to blame the FERC/Bush administration for California's electricity crisis, unless FERC agrees to the ISO's price cap plan.  Best, Jeff 
 Katie: Thanks so much for the info.  Do you have the call-in number for the ISO call today?  Best, Jeff 
 State's Outlays for Electricity May Be Hard to Recover Without a Rate Hike By REBECCA SMITH, MITCHEL BENSON and JOHN R. EMSHWILLER Staff Reporters of THE WALL STREET JOURNAL SACRAMENTO, Calif. -- Earlier this year, Gov. Gray Davis made what may be the biggest bet in the history of the nation's biggest state: that he could tame an out-of-control electricity market and avoid devastating blackouts without busting the state's budget, antagonizing its consumers or derailing his own political career.  His wager is still on the table, but the assumptions that underlie it are looking increasingly shaky these days. The governor has already spent around $2 billion of public money buying hugely expensive wholesale power, taking over the role formerly played by the state's near-bankrupt electric utilities. And California will probably be obliged to spend billions more before its electricity market stabilizes and those utilities are restored to some semblance of financial health. Under the governor's plan, California aims to recoup the money it is using to buy electricity by issuing $10 billion in bonds. That way it would still have a healthy budget surplus to finance new spending on roads, schools and other public services. But there's a potentially big obstacle to this plan. The state Legislature, worried about racking up billions in new debt, has put limits on the size of any bond offering. In broad terms, the Legislature's action would allow the state to borrow only four times as much as it can recover annually from utility customers. Right now that doesn't appear to be much. Under the current rate structure, essentially set in place by California's flawed 1996 electricity-deregulation plan, consumers pay far less for power than the cost of acquiring it on the wholesale market. Preliminary estimates submitted by utilities last month to the California Public Utilities Commission show the state's share of the proceeds from electricity sales this year could be as little as $241 million -- not enough to support even $1 billion in bond sales under the Legislature's formula.  That would leave the state on the hook for much of the money it has already paid for power -- not to mention the billions more Gov. Davis will need to spend. That, in turn, raises the prospect that California's economy and its credit rating both could deteriorate significantly. But state finance officials say that, based on their own projections, they will be able to extract enough money to support a $10 billion bond issue. Walking a careful line between fiscal prudence and political survival, Mr. Davis and others in his administration are scrambling to come up with ways to get around the legislative restrictions without raising rates for consumers. "If I wanted to raise rates, I could solve this problem in 20 minutes," Mr. Davis says. The governor says he believes that the state can obtain enough affordable power through long-term power-supply contracts to avoid the need for a big rate increase. The billions of dollars the state hopes to borrow would be used to help pay for power until electricity prices drop, as they are expected to do when new power plants come online over the next few years. The Davis administration fears that what may be its only other option -- a big increase in retail electric rates -- could prompt angry consumer groups to seek new electricity laws through a statewide ballot initiative during next year's election. That's when Mr. Davis is expected to run for a second term as governor. But trying to save California without rate increases is forcing Mr. Davis to make some colossal gambles with the state's money. State officials estimate that in the next several months, California will need to spend as much as $6 billion on power purchases -- equivalent to the state's entire fiscal surplus. Mr. Davis is also looking to spend several billion more to buy the transmission assets of three investor-owned utilities in order to restore two of them to credit-worthiness. He also has announced plans to spend several hundred million dollars more on conservation programs designed to reduce demand while new power plants are being built in the state. In order to limit the state's financial exposure in the meantime, the governor and his aides have, in some cases, ignored state law. They have threatened appointed officials who have stood in the way. And they have sharply restricted the flow of information to the public. None of those steps is expected to do much to reduce state spending on power in the coming months. In a few weeks, power usage is expected to begin a sharp seasonal rise as Californians switch on their air conditioners with the coming of warmer weather. By various estimates, demand during peak periods this summer could outstrip supply by 10%, or several thousand megawatts. That could produce more rolling blackouts like the ones that hit Northern California earlier this year. It is also likely to put strong upward pressure on wholesale electricity prices. Steven Zimmerman, managing director of Standard & Poor's Corp., says Mr. Davis and his aides don't "have a lot of time" to put a cap on the state's financial exposure to the crisis. The credit-rating agency has put the state on credit watch for a possible downgrade, which would affect the value of all of California's outstanding public debt. Moody's Investor Service Inc. is also concerned. It said in a recent report that the power crisis could soon "seriously threaten the health" of the state's economy. Mr. Davis, a Democrat and career politician, was dealt a bad hand when he took office in 1999. The deregulation plan that sparked the state's electricity crisis was enacted under his predecessor, Republican Pete Wilson. But Mr. Davis was slow to react to early signs of trouble this past summer and alarms sounded by members of the state Legislature. By the time Mr. Davis finally sprang into action earlier this year, a troublesome power-supply squeeze had escalated into a crisis. In a Jan. 17 declaration of emergency, the governor designated the state Department of Water Resources to take the utilities' place as the daily buyer of huge quantities of electricity. His hope: that by making the state the dominant player in California's power sector, he would ease electricity producers' concerns about getting paid and give the state enough clout to negotiate lower long-term power prices. Squeaky Summer Earlier this week, Mr. Davis announced final or tentative agreements with 20 power suppliers to furnish the state with a total of 8,900 megawatts for periods of as long as 20 years. But the supply situation remains extremely uncertain for this summer, when demand probably will top 45,000 megawatts. If the state can secure enough power under contract and push down demand through aggressive conservation, it might be able to squeak through the summer season. If not, it will be forced to keep buying huge amounts of costly power in the cash market. Under deregulation, retail electric rates were frozen for several years, while wholesale-power costs were free to fluctuate. When the plan was conceived, wholesale prices were low and expected to go lower. However, a combination of unexpected growth in power demand and a lack of new generating capacity helped produce a supply squeeze. Average wholesale prices more than tripled last year from 1999. And in January those prices were up 10-fold from a year earlier. By then, California's two biggest investor-owned utilities -- the Pacific Gas & Electric unit of PG&E Corp. and the Southern California Edison subsidiary of Edison International -- faced imminent financial collapse. They had racked up billions of dollars in wholesale power bills they couldn't afford to pay. As generators began shying away from selling to the two utilities, the Clinton administration forced them to sell power into the California market, an order left in place during the first weeks of the Bush administration. Still, northern California was hit by rolling blackouts on several days in early January. Learning by Doing Since then, the DWR, which does some electricity trading as an adjunct to its main mission of managing the state's giant system of aqueducts and reservoirs, has had to learn the ins and outs of power markets on the run. It hasn't been easy. David Mills, trading-floor manager for the federal Bonneville Power Administration, says the water agency has at times offered to pay $50 to $100 per megawatt hour more than the available market price. "They agree to prices that make you wonder," says Mr. Mills, whose organization markets electricity from federal dams in the Pacific Northwest. "You'd at least think they'd check to see what the prevailing price is before throwing out their offer." Mr. Mills says that "to cut California some slack," he occasionally has instructed his traders to sell at prices lower than the DWR had offered to pay. Ray Hart, the water agency deputy director responsible for the power purchasing, says he isn't aware of any cases in which the DWR has overpaid. He says his team has been "extremely successful by all measures." Ultimately, the DWR's trading acumen is far less important than the overall arithmetic of power supply and demand in California. With the price of natural gas that feeds many of the region's generating plants at near record levels and some suppliers reluctant to sell into the troubled California market, wholesale electric prices remain stubbornly high and, in recent days, have again been rising. The Legislature has advanced the DWR about $3 billion from the state's general fund for power purchases. Under emergency legislation passed by the Legislature and signed by Mr. Davis on Feb. 1, the general fund is to be reimbursed from a planned bond sale later this year. But under terms of the emergency law, the water agency would have to wrest $2.5 billion a year in revenue from retail electricity rates in order to sell the $10 billion worth of bonds sought by Mr. Davis. Assembly Speaker Robert Hertzberg, a Southern California Democrat, says the formula was created to ensure that there would be a way to repay the bonds without draining the state's coffers. "We didn't want to just open our wallets," he says. According to the language of the Feb. 1 law, the water agency gets what's left of revenue collected from ratepayers after the utilities pay certain of their own power-supply bills and other expenses. And, in their filings with the PUC last month, the utilities reckoned, under their worst-case scenarios, that there would be only $241 million available to the DWR this year. Changing the Formula State officials are quietly pushing the PUC to rejigger the formula so that the water department gets more money -- even though that would clash with terms of the Feb. 1 law. Robert Miyashiro, deputy director of the Department of Finance, says the emergency law was "drafted poorly" and has led people to believe the DWR "only gets the leftover money." He predicts there will be "cleanup legislation." At the request of the Davis administration, the PUC is considering a plan to use a different revenue-sharing formula than the one in the state law. The proposed new formula was written "in close consultation" with Mr. Davis's Finance Department, says PUC President Loretta Lynch, who supports the initiative and is hoping to rush it through. The effort has drawn some opposition. Commissioner Richard Bilas at a recent PUC meeting questioned the legality of the commission attempting to change a formula set by the Legislature. PG&E is even more emphatic, since the DWR's extra money could come at the utility's expense. The formula "threatens to undo the very financial protections for the utilities that [the new law] attempted to provide," the utility said in a recent filing with the PUC. Balking at Buying As politicians and regulators wrestle with that issue, the Davis administration has taken a step to reduce the outflow of state cash that also seems to conflict with the Feb. 1 law. It was widely assumed that the law required the DWR to buy any electricity the state needed to keep its lights on. However, on many occasions, the DWR has refused to buy power on the grounds that it was too expensive, citing a portion of the new law that urges the agency to hold down costs. The task of covering any remaining shortfall has passed to the California Independent System Operator, which manages the state's energy grid and is charged with buying power when necessary to avert shortages. However, the ISO doesn't have any power-purchasing money of its own, and the major parties it would normally bill are PG&E and Edison, whose inability to pay their power bills was the reason the state started buying electricity in the first place. Amid criticism of its stance from generators, utilities and Wall Street, the DWR says it has started covering more of the utilities' electricity costs. The water agency is now buying 95% to 99% of what California needs in a given day, says the agency's Mr. Hart. But increased buying only adds to the uncertainty about the eventual tab. The state's legislative analyst, Elizabeth Hill, recently recommended that lawmakers hold off considering more than $2 billion in state spending on items ranging from college construction to beach cleanups because of continuing questions about the financial impact of the electricity crisis. Like others, Ms. Hill complains that the governor's office and state agencies haven't been forthcoming with information. Indeed, the DWR refuses to say precisely how much power it is purchasing and at what prices, though it has on several occasions gone back to the Legislature for more money. State officials say that data on its purchasing activities would give suppliers an advantage in continuing electricity-supply contract talks. State Controller Kathleen Connell, who is running for mayor of Los Angeles in an April election, recently announced plans to post state power-spending information on her department's Web site. But within 24 hours, Ms. Connell suspended that plan after discussions with senior Davis administration officials. "I feel very strongly that this information should be publicly released," says Ms. Connell. "I just don't want to do anything that would weaken the state's effectiveness in negotiating." In an effort to more tightly control events, the governor obtained legislative approval to abolish the 26-member ISO board, which was made up of everyone from utility executives to representatives of consumer groups. He then appointed a new five-member board. To ensure a quick transition, the California attorney general threatened the old board members with fines of as much as $5,000 each if they didn't immediately relinquish their positions. All did. "I was offended" at the "heavy-handed" treatment, says Karen Johanson, a former ISO board member. One of the first acts of the ISO's new board was to close a meeting about the electricity crisis. The former ISO board routinely held such meetings in public. ISO attorneys say the meeting was largely designed as a private briefing for new board members and that the organization is committed to keeping its deliberations as open as possible. The Wall Street Journal and other news organizations have unsuccessfully challenged the closure in Sacramento state court. Write to Rebecca Smith at rebecca.smith@wsj.com, Mitchel Benson at mitchel.benson@wsj.com and John R. Emshwiller at john.emshwiller@wsj.com 
 Yes, agree that another call to weave in the comments we received from the biz units would be useful.  Can we shoot for Wednesday, when Mr. Kaufman will be here in the SF office?    Harry Kingerski 09/25/2000 08:58 AM 
 Scott/Hedy/Mike: What's the status of the DG bill?  As I recall, Burton amended the bill in a way that explicitly prohibit diesel DG units from helping California avoid rolling black outs this summer. I believe the exclusion was made on grounds that running diesel would be too environmentally damaging?  Could you provide a brief update?  Is there anything in the bills that addresses the restrictions on the number of hours that these units are permitted to run? Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 yes, monday works. 
 FYI. 
 Hi. I'm ready to go postal with all the computer problems I'm having.  Did you get the document I sent yesterday morning? 
 Bill: As ususal, there's another crisis today.  I'll be able to do the call, but we need to keep it brief.  Apologies.  What's the cal-in number?  Thanks. Best, Jeff    William Gang@EES 03/09/2001 11:50 AM 
 FYI.  Should be of interest. Best, Jeff 
 Janel & Co.: This is a group that we should try to tie into our PR efforts.  Best, Jeff 
 Could you check on this.  It should not apply to me. Thanks very much. Jeff 
 Soaring Electric Use More Fiction Than Fact Chronicle investigation finds power companies manipulate data to excuse their towering rates Christian Berthelsen, Scott Winokur, Chronicle Staff Writers Sunday, March 11, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/03/11/M N213155.DTL  Power companies say it so often, and with such certainty, that it has become a virtual mantra: "Skyrocketing" energy use by Californians is a root cause of the state's power crisis, and justification for surging electricity prices. But a computer analysis of electricity usage data by The Chronicle reveals that the mantra is a myth -- that overall growth in electricity demand hasn't been nearly as great as the industry portrays it. The industry has painted the summer of 2000 as the equivalent of a 100-year storm in meteorology -- an event so powerful and unexpected that the existing infrastructure was devastated by its force. The statistics show that 2000, taken in total, was nothing of the sort. Moreover, two independent state agencies' assessments of California's power plant capacity appear to show that the growth should have been easily accommodated. The companies have defended their practice of increasingly taking power- generation plants out of service by arguing that heavy demand and consequent plant usage necessitated major, time-consuming repairs. "The claims that demand growth is rampant and that it was totally unexpected and due to the Internet economy, to Silicon Valley, or server farms, or people recharging cell phones -- that's bogus," said Tom Kelly, assistant executive director of the California Energy Commission. "About as bogus as you can get." The Chronicle's findings are based on data collected by the California Independent System Operator, a manager of the state's electricity grid. They show: -- Total electricity consumption in California increased only 4.75 percent in 2000 from 1999, a sharp contrast to claims of industry representatives, who have repeatedly relied on isolated, loose or selective comparisons that make growth appear as high as 20 percent. In fact, the single greatest hour of electricity usage in 2000 was actually lower than any peak demand period in 1999 or 1998. -- Average peak demand -- the average of the highest hour of electricity usage for each day -- increased only 4.79 percent from 1999 to 2000. Even during the months of May to September in 2000, when the greatest spikes in electricity usage occur, demand growth was only 8.31 percent higher than the same period the year before. -- More than 30 days of critical power shortage warnings, so-called Stage 3 emergencies, and two days of blackouts this year occurred at times of moderate energy use -- levels often below those at which neither warnings nor blackouts have occurred in the past. The findings appear to buttress suspicions that the "skyrocketing demand" explanation for rising energy prices is a cover for what is really happening -- that power companies have simply started charging more for an essential commodity, regardless of whether it is in short supply. Presented with The Chronicle's findings, Gary Ackerman, a representative for the Western Power Trading Forum, a trade group representing power companies, said the calculations support the industry position that electricity demand is growing strong. "That's pretty healthy growth for California as opposed to the long-term historical average, which is close to 2 percent," he said. "To me, that's really strong growth." Energy demand is certainly on the rise in California -- growth of more than 4 percent is still double what was projected -- and the state has obviously fallen behind in building power plants. Even though a recent study found California ranked 47th out of the 50 states in per-capita energy consumption, the surging demand explanation has become so accepted that leading officials accept it as gospel. Gov. Gray Davis has made energy conservation -- 10 percent, at that -- a centerpiece of his efforts to solve the crisis. "Energy use is growing," said state Sen. John Burton, D-San Francisco, citing the growth of Silicon Valley and high-tech operations statewide. "There's been tremendous growth, whether manufacturing or high tech -- cell phones, faxes, whatever. The stuff is growing." Yet the energy industry has been steadfast in its insistence that the consumer is largely to blame. In testimony and submissions to government bodies considering prescriptions for the crisis, energy demand growth has consistently been overstated. Joe Bob Perkins, the chief operating officer of Houston-based Reliant Energy Inc., told the U.S. Senate in January that California's growing economy and high summer temperatures caused electricity use to "surge dramatically" -- a demand growth of 13 percent. Richard Wheatley, a spokesman for Reliant, said Perkins' testimony was based on estimates by the federal Energy Information Administration of monthly retail electricity sales. "We do stand by that," Wheatley said. "Unfortunately, it does not track with ISO data." The industry-backed Edison Electric Institute said in a report that electricity demand grew by anywhere from 5 percent to 21 percent during the spring of 2000, compared with the same period a year earlier. Russell Tucker, an economist for the institute, said the group's figures were derived by identifying the single highest hour of electricity demand for each spring month of 1999 and 2000 and comparing them, finding the May peak rose 21 percent. Granted, the state Energy Commission uses the same model to determine whether California has enough plant capacity to meet demand. But the presentation makes it appear that overall demand, not just the absolute peak, is growing by 21 percent. When the peak of each day is averaged and compared from year to year, May's figure was much lower: 12.79 percent. Also, nowhere did Edison's report note that the peak hour of 2000, a load of 43,784 megawatts on Aug. 16, was actually lower than the peak hours of either of the previous two years -- 45,884 on July 12, 1999, or 44,406 on Sept. 1, 1998. The Chronicle analysis of average peak demand showed that no month last year grew more than June's 15.34 percent, though no blackouts occurred in that month. May and June were the only months when demand growth exceeded 10 percent, the analysis showed. Most months recorded 4 percent or 5 percent, and some -- such as September -- were less than 3 percent. Two months, October and December, had demand levels lower than the year before -- 4.22 percent less for October, 1.46 percent lower for December. Mike Florio, a consumer lawyer and board member of the ISO, said that even growth of less than 5 percent from 1999 to 2000 would seem overstated, since 1999 was a relatively mild weather year and 2000 was a much hotter one. "You are quite right," Florio said. " 'Skyrocketing' demand is a myth." MARKET MANIPULATION? Consumer representatives and some politicians have long suspected that, rather than dire imbalances between supply and demand, market manipulation is behind the crisis. Generators and power marketers adamantly deny this, saying they have done everything they could to keep the lights on. They say they ran aging, decrepit plants at higher-than-normal levels last summer to accommodate what they described as unprecedented demand. They also say that, at great expense, they delayed much-needed maintenance in order to keep the power flowing. Their claims have received some support from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, which said in a report last month that it found no evidence power companies were using maintenance schedules to manipulate supply. The report, however, was heavily qualified by the FERC, which said it did not investigate other forms of manipulation. Moreover, the agency acknowledged that the bulk of its investigation was conducted by simply calling power plants and questioning them over the telephone. The supply side of the energy equation is harder to penetrate, in part because supply data are confidential. Thus, the question of how blackouts could have occurred at such low levels of demand in January is hard to answer. What is clear is that, at times, during the crisis this year, as much as 12, 000 megawatts of electricity supply have been unavailable for use, mostly because of unplanned plant outages -- about four times the level anticipated by the ISO. Power companies say the old plants they bought were not capable of producing to the levels sketched out by the ISO and the Energy Commission, and that everything from low water conditions, emissions limitations and high temperatures last year caused less energy to be available than was anticipated. But others suggest that what began as a shortage caused by a withholding of supply to drive up price has turned into one caused by withholdings out of fear of not being paid. What did go up, unquestionably, were wholesale electricity prices. While average electricity usage during the heaviest hours last year increased by less than 5 percent, prices charged by power companies to the utilities that deliver juice to consumers increased more than 289 percent. In June, the cost of a megawatt hour increased more than fivefold, going from the 1999 level of $30.53 to $170.60. In October, prices doubled over the same period a year earlier, going from $53.47 to $111.04. And in December -- despite a 1.46 percent decline in electricity usage from the previous December -- peak wholesale electricity prices hit $425.59. They'd been $31.88 one year before. Then the pace of price increases began to accelerate within the last six months of 2000. Overall, average peak usage during December was about 31,200 megawatts, about a fifth lower than it was in August. Average prices in December? They just about doubled, to $425 a megawatt hour. The companies' explanation for rising prices despite falling demand was that more and more plants had to be taken offline for repairs, decreasing supply. Even given the high number of inoperable plants, questions remain about why the existing supply could not cover demand. On the blackout days of Jan. 17 and 18 fewer plants were offline -- and more electricity was available -- than on days when the state managed to squeeze by without turning out the lights. Even today, with Stage 3 alerts having faded away, at least temporarily, demand levels remain more or less the same as when California was in a constant state of emergency. Moreover, the lists of offline plants are as long as ever. AMPLE POWER SHOULD EXIST The Energy Commission and the ISO have concluded that California's power plants are capable of generating more than 45,000 megawatts of electricity. That means that even with plant repair outages, low water levels decreasing hydraulic generation, air-pollution rules and other environmental constraints, the power companies should be able to accommodate all but the most extreme spikes in demand. According to industry data obtained by The Chronicle, the Western Systems Coordinating Council, a government-backed trade group in Salt Lake City, concluded California would have considerable surpluses throughout 2000, including margins as high as 39 percent in December, based on data provided to it by the ISO. Even under low water conditions, the ISO reported, the state would have total power resources of 47,532 megawatts in that month. Yet unplanned outages were far higher, and the system began to crash that month and into this year, at far lower levels of demand. "Clearly," Florio said, "we should not be having a shortage at 2 a.m. on Christmas Eve, when the only person awake is Santa Claus." Chronicle Database Editor Erin McCormick assisted in data analysis for this report. Chronicle editorial assistant Claire Smith assisted in data collection for this report. / E-mail Christian Berthelsen at cberthelsen@sfchronicle.com and Scott Winokur at s ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 1 
 Greetings (or Hola!):  Talked to Jeff Green.  He said he'd do the road, but can't do it with the wood that's in the driveway.  Eldon, are you and Bob planning to go up this week?  If so, any chance of getting the wood moved?  Otherwise, going to be tough to do the road.  Jeff starts on my road on Wednesday and I'll be going up this weekend to monitor (and start organizing some of the chopped up wood that's lying around the yard at the dome.  Welcome back.  Hope you had a good time in Mexico.  Best, Jeff 
 State PUC Takes On High Cost Of Energy Regulators foresee more rate increases Robert Salladay, Lynda Gledhill, Chronicle Sacramento Bureau Monday, March 12, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/03/12/M N227831.DTL Sacramento -- Starting this week, state regulators will begin debating how much is enough when it comes to asking Californians to shoulder the electricity crisis by paying higher utility rates. Right now, there doesn't appear to be enough money to go around. The state government and the utilities have racked up monumental bills because of California's flawed deregulation system. And even with recent rate increases, not enough cash is coming in to pay off the debts and buy power. Over the next three weeks, deciding how that money gets divvied up to pay the state's debt will be one of the toughest jobs of the year. State Treasurer Philip Angelides said the state Public Utilities Commission would be essentially filling a shoe box with debts and commitments during a series of meetings and workshops this month, and it's going to be a tight fit without raising power bills even more. "The rubber hits the road in the next few weeks at the PUC," Angelides said. "There is a box that has to be filled up, and a no-rate-increase scenario is putting all of these things into this box. It'll be tough work." Under the law, the PUC has the power to essentially determine how much profit the utilities can make. It's a set formula, designed to give the power companies a comfortable margin and to keep power bills reasonable for consumers. But with the 1996 deregulation an utter failure in California, there are many more demands on that money. The utilities claim to be $14 billion in debt. The state of California is spending $45 million a day to buy power. Taxpayers have spent $3.2 billion so far, and the PUC recently said utility customers would be required to pay that money back. Then there is the $10 billion in bonds the state is selling to buy long- term contracts for power. Angelides said the PUC also must guarantee him an estimated $1.3 billion a year from consumers to pay off the bonds, which his office expects to begin selling by the end of May. That money could end up running out by September, or June 2002 under the most optimistic prediction, Angelides said. That could mean California would have to borrow even more money beyond the $10 billion -- money that consumers will most likely have to pay back through their bills. Gov. Gray Davis has said repeatedly that it is his "hope and expectation" that rates will not increase. But he has been criticized for seeming to say that a temporary rate increase approved in January will be made permanent and that a 10 percent rate decrease imposed when deregulation was implemented will be lifted next year. "If I wanted to raise rates, I could have solved this in 20 minutes," Davis said last month. But others are convinced now that rates will go up even more than the 19 percent. And PUC Commissioner Richard Bilas said he thinks the rates should go up before the summer to encourage conservation. 'FUNDAMENTALS DON'T CHANGE' "It doesn't matter what is done in terms of rhetoric, legislation, ideas or proposals at the commission -- the fundamentals don't change," said Bilas, a Republican. "There is not enough supply and too much demand. The only function on the demand side is a rate increase. Otherwise, people won't stop using electricity." Since the state is buying roughly 30 percent of the power used by the utilities -- and at the highest prices so far -- the state should be entitled to an equivalent share of the money coming in from consumers. "If we're going to issue bonds, we must have first (crack at) that money," Angelides said. His office believes that "a failure to (issue bonds) in the appropriate manner will directly and negatively impact consumer rates." Angelides also needs a commitment from the PUC over how the state will get repaid for the money it's spending to buy emergency power the utilities cannot afford to purchase. Bilas said the PUC, which will take up some of these issues at their meeting on Thursday, would have to face reality soon. 'IT'S A BAND-AID' "It's the direction we have been moving in," he said. "We're having to face up to fact that there needs to be rate increase. What is being done isn't a solution to the problem -- it's a Band-Aid." The utilities, among others, are eyeing the money as well for their significant costs. They have accumulated massive debts that need to be repaid, and have investors to satisfy. Also looking for a slice of the pie are the alternative energy producers -- including wind and solar producers -- who depend on payments from the utilities to buy the natural gas they need to operate. These facilities account for nearly a third of the energy produced in California, and any scenario that has the state getting through the summer without significant blackouts requires full operation. "What everybody has told me is this summer is going to be murder, because we don't have enough," state Senate President pro tem John Burton, D-San Francisco, said recently. Three things are occurring that are designed to make sure the money going out to pay for debts and power is slightly less than the money coming in from consumers: Small alternative energy providers are expected to start getting lower payments. Utilities, as part of a state rescue plan still being negotiated, will be required to sell the electricity they generate themselves at cost. The state is signing long-term contracts for its share of power, which reduces demands on ratepayers. The idea is to leave enough headroom that will pay back the state for what it is spending over a long period of time. Angelides said the difference -- that headroom -- should be returned to the state to pay off the debts it incurred from the long-term contracts financed with the bond money and to buy emergency power. STATE WANTS ITS SHARE "We stepped into the breach here," Angelides said. "We're entitled to a fair slice of the pie." Angelides said the new rate schedule, which the PUC is determining this month, should not be used to pay back utilities for any of their debts from before Jan. 17. That's when the state started buying power for the utilities. So far, the utilities are not asking for their past debts to be repaid. Some other financing for those must be developed, such as selling thousands of miles of electrical transmission lines to raise billions of dollars. But there may not be much headroom left to pay off all the other debts. Chris Danforth with the Office of Ratepayer Advocates, which is designed to make sure consumers get a good deal out of the PUC, said the future payments to the alternative facilities and contracts signed by the state were going to cost more than originally planned. That eats up some of the headroom and "is indicative of a rate increase," Danforth said. Paying the Bill Most of what PG&E customers pay for electricity is spoken for but the demands are about to get a lot bigger. . Breakdown of contributors to electricity production PG&E generated power -- What the utility produces at its own plants. Alternative energy -- Electricity generated by solar, wind and biomass companies. Independent generators -- Power produced at non-PG&E plants in California and elsewhere. . PG&E customers currently pay 6.5 cents per kilowatt hour Combined sources of electricity cost 6.134 cents per kilowatt hour This portion represents 0.366 cents of leftover money . Claims on leftover money -- Money owed to the Independent System Operator, which has been forced to buy electricity at very high prices in recent months. -- Money owed to the alternative energy providers. Many of these small units have stopped operating because they have not been paid. -- Emergency power purchases likely to be necessary this summer, since the state has not secured enough long-term contracts to provide all the power it needs. That could drain either the state's coffers, or be paid for by consumers. . Source: Chronicle research Chronicle Graphic E-mail the reporters at rsalladay@sfchronicle.com and lgledhill@sfchronicle.com. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 1 
 Feds Hint at Power Bill Refunds Firms ordered to justify high rates David Lazarus and Lynda Gledhill, Chronicle Staff Writers Saturday, March 10, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/03/10/M N144141.DTL Federal regulators warned power companies yesterday that they may have to refund $69 million to California ratepayers for charging unreasonable prices during recent electricity shortages. However, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission left the door wide open for the unnamed 13 generators to avoid refund payments if they could offer "further justification" for why their rates should be considered fair. Consumer activists were quick to note that the commission's order was significant. "They have acknowledged for the first time that there has been abuse of the marketplace," said Doug Heller, assistant organizing director for the Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights in Santa Monica. "It's an acknowledgment that the power companies have been ripping us off." However, consumer groups also pointed out that the order -- issued late in the day -- was partly a political ploy intended to make the Bush administration look more sympathetic to California's plight. The proposed $69 million refund also represents only a fraction of the billions of dollars that utilities have had to pay due to rising electricity rates. The commission set narrow parameters for power charges in January that may be considered unreasonable. It is only considering charges above $273 per megawatt hour during the series of Stage 3 energy emergencies that threatened statewide blackouts. William Massey, the lone commissioner who voted against the order, noted that of 70,300 power transactions in January above $150 per megawatt hour, only about 13,000 fall within the regulatory commission's parameters for potential refunds. "This order is arbitrary, capricious and unlawful," he said. "Eighty percent of the transactions have been excluded from refunds." But commission Chairman Curt Hebert characterized the order as an aggressive effort to safeguard California consumers. "Today's refund order demonstrates the commission's commitment to ensure appropriate and reasonable prices in the wholesale electricity market given the supply and demand imbalance in California," he said in a statement. POWER COMPANIES NOT WORRIED Gary Ackerman, executive director of the Western Power Trading Forum, an energy-industry association in Menlo Park, said power companies are not worried about the prospect of having to pay out millions of dollars in refunds. "The people I've talked to said they can justify the costs for a majority of hours where FERC said there may have been overcharges," he said. "We will be supplying supporting data to FERC," said Richard Wheatley, a spokesman for Reliant Energy in Houston. "We commend them for doing this review. We believe this can be resolved and we can all move on." Jan Smutny-Jones, president of the Independent Energy Producers, a trade group representing out-of-state generators, said the commission's order shows that the system is working. "In my opinion, what has been identified is talking about potential refunds, " he said. "The generators will have a chance to justify their rates. I'm not terribly troubled by that." The California Independent System Operator, which oversees the state's power grid, welcomed the order, although it said $69 million is lower than its own estimates of potential overcharges. The ISO had asked the commission earlier this month to review $350 million in January power charges that exceeded the regulatory commission's "soft cap" of $150 per megawatt hour. A soft cap means the price can exceed the prescribed amount as long as a supplier can justify the charge. REFUND ORDERS ARE RARE "The granting of refunds by FERC is not a common occurrence," said Charles Robinson, the ISO's general counsel. "We're treading new ground." Considering the potential ramifications of the order, the commission was oddly furtive in issuing its press release at the very end of the business week. The commission's press office already was closed by the time of the announcement, and the commissioners had left for the day. Reached at his home, Massey acknowledged that the commission was all but inviting power companies to bury the commission in paperwork to support their wholesale rates. "Welcome to the Hebert chairmanship," he said. Hebert was appointed head of the commission last month by President Bush. Since then, the regulatory commission and the Bush administration have maintained a largely hands-off approach to California's energy crisis. "We have said from the beginning that obviously the state of California has to address these problems and these challenges," U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said this week. E-mail David Lazarus at dlazarus@sfchronicle.com and Lynda Gledhill at lgledhill@sfchronicle.com. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 1 
 Quick question to Joe and/or Christian, John and Mary:  I'm assuming that any deal we sign with DWR that falls below the $150/MWH soft cap is free and clear of the order FERC issued on Friday as well as any other refund risk associated with FERC's December order.  Is that correct? Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 PUC SET TO MAKE KEY RULING ON UTILITY BILLS;  ELECTRICITY: REGULATORS ARE ABOUT TO DECIDE HOW TO SPLIT PAYMENTS BETWEEN THE STATE AND UTILITIES. THE FORMULA COULD AFFECT FURTHER RATE HIKES.  BYLINE: RONE TEMPEST, TIMES SACRAMENTO BUREAU CHIEF    DATELINE: SACRAMENTO  BODY:   ??How much of utility customers' monthly bills will be used to pay for California's multibillion-dollar entry into the power market?  ??That's the question as regulators set out in coming days to determine how to split ratepayers' bills between the state, which has been buying electricity at the rate of $ 45 million a day since late January, and the debt-laden utilities, which continue to deliver that power and collect customers' payments.  ??The issue has moved center stage as Gov. Gray Davis continues to negotiate a rescue of the near-bankrupt Pacific Gas & Electric Co. and Southern California Edison. The resolution is crucial to Davis' complex plan to pull California out of its costly energy crisis.  ??When the Legislature put the state in the power-buying business, it needed to ensure eventual reimbursement for its purchases. The result was the CPA, for California Procurement Adjustment, essentially the portion of customers' bills left over after the utilities subtract their cost of operations.  ??After weeks of wrangling in Sacramento, the front lines in the utility debate will now shift for a time to San Francisco, where the California Public Utilities Commission will determine the size of the CPA and the way it is to be divvied up.  ??How the commission rules will be the main factor in determining if customers of the three big investor-owned utilities--PG&E, Edison and San Diego Gas & Electric--will face rate hikes above the 19% already set in motion. It also will have a direct bearing on the state's ability to sell the $ 10 billion in bonds it needs to finance its long-term power buys without having to commit taxpayer money.  ??"What happens at the PUC is fundamental, in terms of our ability to issue bonds with investment-grade ratings," state Treasurer Phil Angelides said. "How they allocate moneys between the state and utilities will be fundamentally important to how far our $ 10 billion will go. And it will be fundamentally important if it is not done in the right way, because it will have a direct and negative impact on consumer rates."  ??Utility executives disagree with the state on how to allocate the CPA but agree on its importance.  ??"One issue is: How do you divide the pie? And an important and related issue is: Is the pie big enough?" said Ted Craver, chief financial officer of utility parent Edison International, during a conference call Friday with debt holders.  ??Before skyrocketing wholesale electricity prices turned PG&E and Edison into financial basket cases, the money left over after subtracting their costs of delivering power to customers was called "headroom," and that was where the utilities paid off past investments, retired debt and took their profits.  ??Under Davis' plan, most such money would be reserved by the state to pay off the $ 10 billion in bonds to buy electricity and reimburse the treasury for the billions the state has already spent to buy power.  ??Some consider this a gamble and wonder if there will be enough money available without either dipping into the state general fund or, more likely, raising customer rates even further.  ??Under the January law, AB 1X,