 The "silent one" speaks. 
 Yes, yes.  Sorry for not replying.  I'm good for two. 
 Thank you very much for your help. 
 Amy,  Hi.  This is Richard's, and now Erin's, friend Clint.  I know that she spoke with you about me, and I wanted to see if you might be interested in getting together sometime.  You probably want to know a little about me.  I work at Enron as an electricity trader, and I've lived in Houston for about three years.  I've known Richard 9 years from our fraternity days together.  I'm 27 and I graduated from UT 4 1/2 years ago.  Of course, I would be interested in hearing something about you as well. Erin just told me that she had a good friend in Houston that she thought I should meet.  Let me know what you think, and we can go from there.  Clint 
 Wow, I almost forgot.  Thank you.  I will contact her soon. 
 Thanks Amy- Monday Feb 4th  Craig 
 Thank you for the contest, although I am not sure of the amount I've won...I would be happy to receive you payment  Craig 
 Hey Carl,  I hope you got my info out to Oliver.  I'd like to hear from him.  I'm still "working" for Enron.  Actually we are just sitting around according to our shift schedule and answering any calls that might come in cuz' there ain't no more tradin' goin' on...  I got an offer to play baseball in Germany this spring/summer.  I think I'm going to do it.  Ich spreche wenig Deutsch, aber mehr Ubungen huete.  (I speak little German, but I practice today)  I plan on sticking around here until 1) they no longer pay me 2) they ask me to leave or 3) all of the above  Hope all is well, Deano 
 Cara,  Alicia @ Dynegy ultimately decided to cut this schedule as per my call with her at 16:54 PPT I notified Karen of this cut at 16:55 and Steve @PPM @ 17:21, (because he called me)  Karen maintains that stateline energy is delivered to Grant's Interconnect and not to a valid Mid C delivery point. I gave Alicia BPA (T) and WWP (T) as valid wheels to deliver, but she had already decided to cut and L & D upstream (ulitmately PSCO)   I had a long conversation w/ Matt (Pacificorp) Steve (PPM) and Karen (Chelan) -We talked mainly about the reliability of the energy and the details of the path, but nobody offered a viable solution.  I pointed out the two wheels that could be purchased real time, but this is not there obligation.  Note: Steve (PPM) asked me @ 17:21 if Chelan still wants the energy ( I didn't know and Karen is gone at this time)  Call me with any question, Craig 503.880.5303 
  Craig Dean 
 I'll call you after the holidays.  I'd like to know which company and what your doing. I'm staying at Brett's this weekend...even though he is Maryland.  Parents are building a home and moved into a Cracker Jack house for the next few months.  Deano 
 Yeah, I'm alive and still w/Enron...but oh the details...I'll call you soon. Dean  PS.  Never thought Oliver was into that "Party with all your Frat brother's at your wedding" sort of deal. Deano 
 Paco- Hey I thought about our conversation last night and I think we should cover the start and stop times to your season and some other details that might be important.  This is my work e-mail...my home is cdean12@earthlink.net.  I'll write you again from home.  Deano 
 Amy, I am writing in regards to myself, Craig Dean as well as Geir Solberg (out of office) in response to Tim Belden's E-mail on  2/4.  I would appreciate the consideration for the position of Assistant Trader, Cash or Term,  with UBSW Energy and will be available for interview upon request.  You are welcome to reach me at the number listed below or via e-mail.  Regards,  Craig Dean  	(503) 880.5303 Geir Solberg	(503) 772.0515 
 Thinking about both nights...but I do work day shifts those days...for sure on the 15th Deano 
 We have PGE parking to fill HE 23-24 25mw at MIDC.  See the schedule for details and call PGE RT with the source.  Dean 
 Are you married yet? 
 Amy, Thank you for my birthday card.  I really appreciate it.  I'm sorry, but I've been meaning to call you.  I just haven't been able to make the time.  I was in Austin this past weekend for the UT football game, and I stayed with Bryan and Monica.  We went out on the lake on Sunday, and I went skiing.  It was fun.  I'm going to a Halloween party at my manager's house this Saturday.  Also, I've been dating as many girls as possible.  Ah, the single life.  Clint 
 Jennifer, I enjoyed meeting you last week.  Too bad we didn't get to meet up the second night.  I definitely had a good time.  Did you go out again on Wednesday?  I tried to call you at your hotel, but I guess I missed you.  Talk to you soon.  Clint 
 http://www.ercot.com/mkt_part_apps/LaaRRegistrationForm.xls 
 I promised I looked for you that night.  Did you go to the APB party at Grasshopper?  Last of four nights, huh?  I remember those days about 3 years ago.  So that probably means you have a three day weekend, and are back on for days Monday.  That's just my guess.  As for the band I was playing, I really don't remember which CD I had in there, but it was probably Dexter Freebish or Vallejo.  They are both from Austin.  You need to call me when you get back on days.  I'm going to a Halloween party this weekend at my manager's house.  It should be fun.  Are you planning any more trips back to Houston?  Clint 
 As of October 1 we need to be especially careful in using non-firm transmission right only.  Make sure to repeat transmission requests with the BPA as "non-firm on Enron all the way".  Mistakes may cost as much as  $1200/mw if you agree to use Enron's firm rights.  Also note that some of BPA's network transmission fees have increased by $2.  C Dean 
 Mike, We need to know the volumes of their load and how it is broken down.  This would include location (by zone), ramp rates, and load factors.  Also, we need to know how fast the load can react to instructions, and how flexible the load is, i.e. can the load be moved up and down on an interval basis without causing problems?  We would also need to know their load forecast.  For example, when is the load available to be reduced, summers, on-peak, etc.?  Obviously if this is limited, we would want to value it accordingly.  Thanks, Clint 
 Joelle, Hey, I just wanted to say that if I came on too strong or did anything out of line, I'm sorry.  Obviously, I don't know you very well, so I wanted to make sure you knew that.  I would enjoy seeing you again, but its up to you.  Just let me know what you think.  Clint 
 What's up with your schedule?  You always seem to be working nights.  Things around here have been better.  We aren't very happy with what has happened to this co. over the past couple of months.  At least the rumors have s