 Jeff:  Thanks for the raise!  No telling how long HR will take!  Stacy    Jeffrey T Hodge 02/16/01 03:05 PM 
 Thank you for your timely response.  I will call you in the morning per your voice mail.    Russell Diamond/ENRON@enronXgate 03/12/01 04:45 PM 
 Per our numerous conversations, please do not release any payments to B & J until I let you know it is o.k. to make payment.  Call me if you have any questions. 
 Good job 
 Thanks. 
 Rae,  I am not sure if Jeff Hodge has already volunteered me.  If he has not, I would like to volunteer to be on the drafting committee.  I am not available May 29th through June 1st.  Otherwise, I can make myself available whenever the drafting committee meets.  Thank you,  Stacy Dickson 
 I am working on getting the Bowie contract.  Meanwhile, I spoke to the B & J attorney.  He asked if Enron wanted to continue to buy the gas.  I told him that his client should contact you directly so that you guys could discuss price.  Stacy    James T Javins@EES 04/23/2001 08:15 AM 
 I am fine with the changes. 
 David,  Attached is a draft of the services agreement with Garden State Paper. Please do not forward this to them.  We need to discuss a couple of things after you have read the agreement.  I also need to add a little bit more legal boilerplate.  Please call me so that we may discuss.  Stacy 
 Jim,  I did not get the e-mail that you referred to.  Stacy 
 Please review and give me your comments.  Thanks,  Stacy 
 Per the request of Sylvia Pollan, attached please find Enron North America Corp.'s draft GISB agreement for Potlatch Corp.  Should you have any questions, feel free to contact me at (713) 853-5705.  Sincerely,  Stacy Dickson 
 Attached is the confirmation for Tomahawk Energy, Inc. and the general terms and conditions.  Please review and give your comments to Bob.  I will be out of the office this afternoon.  Stacy 
 My fax # is (713) 646-3490 
 Attached is the latest draft.  Please give me your comments.  Stacy 
 I am open this afternoon.  Let me know what works best for you. 
 Monique,  Attached please find a red-lined and  a clean version of the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement which reflect all of the changes that we discussed. Please review and call me if I have missed anything.  I will send Mike Palmer the Transaction Agreements this afternoon.  Stacy 
 Mike,  Attached are red-lined versions of the two Transaction Agreements for the transaction between Coral Energy Resources and enovate which includes the changes that we discussed.  Please call me at (713) 853-5705 with your comments.  Stacy 
 Susan,  I need to see the contract to figure out what is going on.  Do you know which attorney initialed it?  I can get a copy from him.  Stacy    Susan Elledge@ENRON 04/30/2001 03:50 PM 
 Debra,  Do you have  a copy of this contract that I can look at?  Stacy 
 I was very much looking forward to reviewing the protocol but to my disappointment it was not attached! 
 Russell,  Because it covers swaps, a financial lawyer needs to look at it.  Even when the primary exposure is physical.  Stacy    Russell Diamond/ENRON@enronXgate 05/01/2001 07:46 AM 
 Daniel,  I do remember working on an assignment agreement regarding the assignment of the Columbia Energy contracts with MSCGI  to Enron North America Corp.  I will need to find the document.  It is my understanding that, with the exception of one deal, all the deals between ENA and MSCGI are firm deals of greater than one month duration.  ENA uses the GISB for month or less firm deals and interruptible deals of any length as recommended by the Gas Industry Standards Board.  For firm deals that are longer than one month, ENA uses a master firm agreement if one exists.  If there is no master firm agreement, we send out our General Terms and Conditions with our confirmation.  That answers your question of why Ellen sent our GTC when there is a GISB in place.  It appears to me that you and I need to work on getting a master firm agreement in place.  Please let me know your thoughts.  Stacy    Daniel Garcia <Daniel.Garcia@msdw.com> 03/13/2001 01:54 PM Please respond to Daniel.Garcia 
 Mark,  The traders at enovate in the Chicago office would like to be able to use the ICE system.  I understand that you are the person who should review these agreements.  If you are not the right person, please let me know.  I am sending a second e-mail that goes with this one.  Feel free to call me for any additional information that you might need.  Stacy 
 Mark,  Per my previous e-mail.  Stacy 
 Chris,  I am sending Kevin a memo today with the new language.  Stacy 
 FYI 
 Hi Monique,  Good catch.  I made the two changes.  Attached is a new red-lined version.  I am couriering over execution copies today.  Please call me if you have any questions.  Stacy 
 Attached please find the amendment to the enovate/Allegheny Energy Master Firm Agreement covering the credit provisions.  Please review and give me your comments.  Stacy 
 Gregg, The changes look fine.  I found one more typo.  Please see the attached document.  Stacy       Gregg Penman@ENRON 05/03/2001 01:28 PM 
 Obviously, this is not final.  But it does have the letterhead. 
 Eric,  Attached is a sample of the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement that Enron North America uses for long term, firm deals. 
 The letter looks fine.    Gregg Penman@ENRON 05/07/2001 11:23 AM 
 Jeff, The GISB drafting meetings are going to be at Williams' offices in the Galleria.  They will be on the afternoon of Monday, May 21st, all day Tues May 22 and the morning of Wed May 23 .  I will give you more details when I get them.  Stacy 
 FYI.  I just sent the agreements to Rain. 
 Gregg,  The changes look fine.  I thought I had already made them in the draft I sent to Coral the other day.  I guess I am losing my mind!  Stacy    Gregg Penman@ENRON 05/03/2001 01:06 PM 
 I will send them to Mike right now. 
 Mike,  Attached are the latest versions of the Transaction Agreements which include the most recent changes.  If they are acceptable, please have them signed and sent to me for further handling.  Please call me if you have any questions at (713) 853-5705.  Stacy 
 Christi,  I am working on getting the number.  It may take me a little while.  Stacy 
 Gregg,  Friday works for me.  I am open all day.  Stacy 
 Susan,  I am out of the office today.  I willl have an answer for you first thing in the morning.  Stacy 
 Gregg,  I am at home with a sick baby.  (Lots of fun!)  I will call you about this tomorrow.  Stacy 
 That was funny! 
 Bobbie,  Here are the enovate confirms that we discussed.    Dan did a confirm for Oneok which I do not have.  Stacy 
 Chris,  I sent Kevin proposed language on May 1st.  I have not heard anything from him.  Stacy 
 Michelle,  Per our conversation, attached is a draft of an amendment to the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement between IDACORP Energy Solutions, Inc. and Enron North America Corp.  which changes the confirming party to ENA.  Please call me at (713) 853-5705 or e-mail me with your comments.  Stacy Dickson 
 Kim,  I am sorry I have not called to see how you are doing.  How are you? How is Olivia and the rest of the family?  How is the house coming along?  We are doing fine.  Meredith is sitting and eating some solid foods.  She is at a very fun age.  I am going to Chicago tomorrow on business.  I am going to have dinner with Esther on Thursday night.  Talk to you soon.  Stacy 
 Michelle:  Attached is an executable version of the amendment that includes the changes that you requested.  Please secure execution on behalf of IDACORP Energy and return to my attention at 1400 Smith Street, Hosuton, Texas 77002.  I will forward you an original for your files upon execution by ENA.  Thank you for your quick response.  Stacy Dickson        "Catherine, Michelle" <MCatherine@idahopower.com> 05/15/2001 02:37 PM 
 Jim's phone number is (614) 791-6107 
 Renee,  How are things going?  I ran into Jennifer Minnis at a GISB meeting.  She said that you are not doing Broadband anymore.  What are you doing?  When she told me that, it was apparent to me that I have not talked to you in a while.  Stacy 
 Chris,  I don't think so.  Stacy 
 Gregg,  Here is how to get a hold of me next week.  Cell phone (713) 269-4114 Grandparents' phone (870) 247-1352  Grandparents' address 403 White Hall Avenue Pine Bluff, AR 71602  I do not think that my pager works in Arkansas.  It did not work in San Antonio.  I will find a fax number in Arkansas and give it to you. Do not hestiate to call me.  Stacy 
 Does this make sense to you? 
 Where do we stand on this? 
 I am negotiating the master.  Do you have the credit info for me to tuck in from Rudwell? 
 Congratulations on the new job and promotion.  I did not respond to you sooner because I was on vacation in Arkansas last week .  I will try to call you soon.  Can you do lunch now that you have a new job?    rmorgan@reliant.com 05/29/2001 01:12 PM 
 Melba,  I am fine with the change.  Stacy 
 David,  Please review and let me know what you think.  I would run this by Harry also.  Stacy 
 Chris,  I am fine with this product.  Stacy 
 Does this help?  I have approved this product. 
 David,  Here is the latest agreement.  I have incorporated the definition of Strike Price.  Stacy 
 I have asked Pat Radford to put the enovate Master Firm and the enovate GISB in Attorney's Forms.  Until she is able to do that, you can find these forms as follows:  1) The Master Firm is at o/common/legal/sdickso/enovate/enovate master firm.doc 2) The GISB is at o/common/legal/sdickso/enovate/enovateGISB.doc  Please let me know if you have any problems locating these documents.  Stacy 
 True. 
 I am fine with this amendment to the Transaction Agreement. 
 I would assume so. 
 Gregg,  I had a couple of minor changes to the Reimbursement Agreement.  Attached is a redlined version which shows my changes.  Stacy 
 Melba,  We will be making changes to the Spot GTC as well.  I will get the new versions to you first thing in the morning.  Stacy 
 Gregg,  Here is the master as I think it stands.  There is some language added that Rudwell requested.  I am not clear on whether Randy O has seen the credit lanugage.  Let me know what you think and I will send it to Randy O.  Stacy 
 Melba,  Per my e-mail, attached please find the new versions of the natural gas Spot GTC - on with and one without credit.  Also attached is a new version of the Firm GTC without credit.  There was a typo in the one I sent yesterday.  The Firm GTC with credit that I sent yesterday does not have the typo.  Stacy 
 I just caught a typo in the Spot version with credit.  Attached is a corrected version. 
 Randy,  Attached is a clean version and a redlined version of the above-referenced document which incorporates the changes that we discussed with the exception of the end of Section 4.2, Section 4.5 and Section 4.6.  That language was added based on what our credit department wants.  Please review and call me with any comments (713) 853-5705.  Thanks,  Stacy 
 Gregg,  I have a conference call from 2-4 tomorrow and I have a lunch meeting.  Other than that I am open.  Stacy 
 Sounds good.  I will wait for your call. 
 Let's try this again! 
 My 2-4 conference call tomorrow just got canceled. 
 Thank you. 
 Attached is a redlined version of the Spot GTC (without credit) that shows the changes that were made.  The same changes were made to all of the other GTCs.  Hope this helps.  Stacy 
 http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/blackout/ 
 I found the correct version.  Here it is.  Stacy 
 New version with straight quotes and other changes. 
 Stacey,  I was in the MSN DSL pilot.  As you know MSN is no longer providing DSL through Northpoint.  You told me that Enron would not subsidize SWB DSL service which is what MSN suggested I sign up for.  What did Enron decide to do about DSL?  I could not tell from the ClickAtHome intranet.  Stacy 
 Nothing would make me happier than reviewing this guaranty for you!    Russell Diamond/ENRON@enronXgate 03/14/2001 11:40 AM 
 Do you know the answer to this? 
 I am not aware of any restrictions concerning physical trading with coops.    Darren Vanek/ENRON@enronXgate 06/08/2001 12:58 PM 
 What is a "gaurn"?      Mark Breese/ENRON@enronXgate 06/08/2001 04:07 PM 
 Per you request, attached is our standard form of incoming and outgoing guaranty.  Stacy 
 http://www.cap4pets.org/dog--adopt_p1.html 
 http://www.cap4pets.org/dog--adopt_p1a.html 
 Those are wild.  Where did you get them? 
 Melba,  Here is the sentence that we discussed.  "Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the General Terms and Conditions, if applicable, this Transaction is between Counterparty and Enron North America Corp."  Please call me if you have any questions.  Stacy    Melba Lozano/ENRON@enronXgate 06/11/2001 09:56 AM 
 Mr Porter:  Per the request of Cary Carrabine, attached please find my review of the credit that you proposed to add to the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement. Please call me with your comments at (713) 853-5705.  Sincerely,  Stacy Dickson 
 Heather,  I am glad to hear you (and your car) are o.k.  We did not have any problems. Those pictures are amazing!  The video of I-10 was unbelievable.  Dan and Marianne went to I-10 and saw the flooding in person.  He said the video on tv did not really show how bad it was.  Is there an estimate on when B  & P will be back in their offices?  It would be nice for you to have a couple of days off.  Stacy  P.S. I heard that Monica Jordan Richards left Enron and went to Entergy. 
 Gregg,  As we discussed... I would add the following provision at the end of the second sentence in Section VIII A. (3):  ;provided however, in the event that Seller's invoice to Buyer is delayed due to Buyer not providing Seller the ANR information in the time period specified in Section V (2), the due date for payment of the Demand Charge shall be the twenty fifth (25th) day following the service month.   Stacy 
 Susan,  I just returned from a four month maternity leave.  I have not seen executed documents.  Attached are the final version of the documents on the system.  I will track down the signed versions (if they were returned by EOTT during my absence) and send you copies.  Stacy 
 Cary,  Jeff gave me the Conoco agreements to work on.  Unfortunately, I do not remember what he says needs to be done.  Do you recall where we stand with them?  Stacy 
 Ellen,  I did not do this deal.  Stacy 
 Do you still need me to modify the PG&E amendment?  If so, please forward it to me.  Stacy 
 Mr. Porter:  Per the request of Cary Carrabine, attached please find an executable version of the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement between enovate, L.L.C. and Hess Energy Services, L.L.C.  Also attached is a redlined version of the Agreement which shows your changes that I have incorporated.  If everything is satisfactory, please print two copies of the executable agreement and secure signature on behalf of Hess Energy Services.  Please fax a copy of the partially-executed agreement to Cary and mail the originals to him.  We will send you a fully-ex