 In the morning could you please call to Omaha and ask who could print out enough copies of the attached presentation for the attendees of the 9:00 meeting and forward this to them?  Thanks Audrey! 
 I believe what Lisa (Sawyer?) was referring to is the termination of TW's shared cost surcharge effective October 31, 2001.  I don't think there would be any system changes required.  Typically, TW's rates are entered with a start and end date and (if this is correct) the surcharge should have an end date of 10/31/2001 and there wouldn't be anything else to do.  If it's not entered that way, an end date could be entered now (whether at the surcharge level or at the contract level - the surcharge applies to just 14 firm contracts) and that should take care of it.  Elizabeth,  Is this correct?  I know you're on a project, please let me know if you can check this or who can.  Thank you! Lindy 
 The note "need to verify" appears on this slide, after the bullet "110,000 MMcfd annual average increase".  I calculated this average annual amount from the first bullet "CA's natural gas use will increase from 6,400 MMcfd in 2000 to 7,500 MMcfd in 2010".  The first bullet and the third bullet are from the same source as the graph, The California Energy Commission.  Specifically, it's from their "California Natural Gas Analysis and Issues" Staff Report, dated November 2000.  The CEC's more current report from October, 2001, did not include specific long-term demand projections (it is focused on infrastructure issues).  That's the source of the numbers on this slide. 
 You are correct.  I've got my units confused - the amount on slide #11 should be 110 MMcfd.  On the San Juan slide #14, I've left out a phrase from the report.  The report reads " total basin wellhead production peaked in 1999 at 4.3 Bcf/cd and is expected to decline almost 22%,  about 2.4% per year, to 3.4 Bcf/cd by 2010".  In the tabular information of the study, 1999 begins with 4,306 MMcf/d and 2010 ends with 3,351 MMcf/d. 
 I talked with Steve about this bullet.  Let's insert the phrase "...due to capitalizing on market volatility." 
 On slide # 17, as we discussed yesterday, I think we'll have to do without the 2001 throughput numbers because the FERC Form 2's aren't published yet for 2001.  We could update the presentation when the numbers are published.  On slide # 28, there's a note at the bottom "% of Revenue".  What do we need here?  Do I need to get you a number(s)? 
 I would recommend the following assumptions for capacity resubscription fro= m now through Q3 2006:  The historical average rates should be assumed for the resubscription of Ea= st and Ignacio to Blanco capacity rolling-off during this time period.  The= forward curves that have been discussed represent the value of capacity to= California, not East to East or Ignacio to Blanco capacity.  I don't think= that max rates for the capacity represented in these groups is appropriate= .  The max rate at $.1020 is appropriate for the San Juan group.  The appropriate max rate for the West group is $.2868.  The volume of Ignacio to Blanco capacity available for resubscription shoul= d be reduced.  Today, we have contracts from Ignacio to the Blanco Hub that= then continue on Transwestern on another contract.  (These contracts exist= ed before Transwestern owned this line and were assigned to Transwestern wh= en we purchased the facilities from NWPL.)  Because of this "artificial bre= ak" in the contracts, Transwestern is collecting the San Juan lateral rate = once on a contract from Ignacio to Blanco and then again on another contrac= t from Blanco to Thoreau (or to the CA border).  In the future, when this c= apacity is resubscribed, the contracts will most likely not be split at the= Blanco Hub and Transwestern will only extract the San Juan lateral rate on= ce from Ignacio to Thoreau (or to the CA border).  Jan and I will look at t= he Ignacio capacity that has historically continued on Transwestern south o= f the Blanco Hub (vs. delivering to El Paso at Blanco).  We will come up wi= th a % to be applied to the Ignacio to Blanco capacity that should be resub= scribed at a zero rate (or the capacity to be resubscribed can be reduced -= whichever is easier to put in the model). 
 Attached is the spreadsheet updated for the I to I deals.  Please see the first tab for summarized info. 
 I took vacation (8) on February 1st. 
 It's showing the percentage of capacity subscribed vs. total capacity. 
 The fuel assumptions to be backed-out of the spread should be:  2002 - 2006	San Juan to CA		4.75% 2002 - 2006	Permian to CA		5.00% 2007 - on	San Juan to CA		2.50% 2007 - on	Permian to CA		2.50%  Kevin, Tracy, Steve, Paul - Let me know if you think these are not the right assumptions. 
 This morning in our meeting, we discussed 3 cases to be run in the TW 2010 model.  I've summarized them in the attached spreadsheet so we can keep track of our variables.  I will be sending you additional info for the various cases.  Please call to discuss.  Thanks, Lindy 36007 
 Thanks Mary Kay! 
 Here's the spreadsheet with numbers for the 3 cases.  Please refer to the Assumptions tab (updated numbers in the Summary, Fuel Price & Rates tabs). 
 Yipee! 
 What is the status of the draft from Gina Taylor's group?  Will they be sending it to me for review? 
 The revenue impact of the in-service delay of the Red Rock Expansion is as follows:  Volume			Plan		Revenue	Month  trsp	13,300/d	44 days		$  .05		$ 30,000	(June & July) fuel	    341/d	30 days		$2.57		$ 26,000	(June) fuel	    341/d	14 days		$2.64		$ 13,000	(July)  trsp/fuel	40,000/d	30 days		    0		      0		(June - made no subscription assumption in Plan) trsp	40,000/d	14 days		$ .38		$213,000	(July) fuel	  1,026/d	14 days		$2.64		$ 38,000	(July) ________ Total							$320,000  (Fuel calculated at 2.5% upside) 
 I didn't get a response from Tracy yesterday, so I'll ask you.  Is Gina Taylor's group working on a draft of the Business Plan?  I understood from Tracy in our meeting with Steve last Friday that someone in Gina's group would be working on a draft of the text version of the presentation.  Do you know if that's happening? 
 I've attached Michael's most recent version (from Friday) of the PowerPoint presentation I put together and I've incorporated Tracy's comments (from yesterday).  Ron Matthews had drafted a history for Tracy - it appears on a slide in the presentation.  This is all we have as far as a basic overview and history. 
 Attached is redlined draft.  Plese see changes to the History and Customers & Contracts sections requested. 
 Here is the summary of the expansions currently included in the 10 year projection.I received from James. 
 Please sign me up for the Monday March 18th session at 1:30.  Will you be sending the location? 
 What is the question? 
 I think Rich has told you that I spoke with him yesterday and would like to discuss what it would take to get a new IOS system up and running for TW.  Please give me a call or e:mail me to schedule a meeting to discuss.  I'm at 36007.  Thanks, Lindy 
 Sorry, I didn't see the questions below.  We were using historical rates (no fuel adjustment because we collect it in fuel sales) through 2006.  After 2006, I calculated an adjustment to add to the historical rates (assuming that we would recapture some of the value of the spread in the rate) and it made the rate greater than the max tariff rate.  Davis and I discussed that we didn't think we should assume anything in the models over max rate, so Davis said he would use the max rate after 2006.  (All of this is just pertaining to the West rates.)  The historical average West rate is $.2565.  The historical West rate with fuel adjustment added is $.3404.  The max rate is $.2868.  It's the same thing someone commented below (in blue) in response to the question - "if we are at average rates we would be able to get it  back (fuel over-retention) up to the max rate number." 
 It's just one slide.  The 2nd bullet is true in the recent past, but not necessarily going forward.  I'd have to check with Jan tomorrow if the 4th bullet is in the ballpark.  Neither of these bullets represent a timeframe - Gina said this is very high level.  I guess the last bullet kind of sums up our caveat.  Let me know if you have comments.  Gina said she had been running this all past Rod. 
 Tracy had suggested that we leave the Marketing Strategy to the end after we put together the 10 year plan so that we could address how we plan to meet it.  I had included in my drafts to Kevin the Mktg Strategy slides (2) from our 2002 stuff, but we probably need to expand that to address expansions etc, but I was waiting until we finalized what we were going to project in the 10 year plan.  The strategy should be the same for the Rating Agency slide bullets as for the Business Plan Text. 
 Did you have any comments?  Want anything changed/added/deleted? 
 Jan, I had a number from you for one of the presentations we put together, but I wasn't sure if it was the final, actuals for 2001.  What was TW's total actual throughput for 2001? 
 Jan, What percentage of our revenues from from demand charges in 2001?  Gina has a bullet here that says "over 90%".  Is this in the ballpark? 
 I have 1.8 Bcf/d for annual daily average for total system in 2001 on TW. 
 That's what I was asking Jan previously - does the 1.8 Bcf/d include any estimates or is that an actual number?  Gina, I am waiting for Steve to respond to two e:mails I've sent him requesting comments on the slide.  He is in Dallas today. 
 No problem! 
 Thank you! 
 Ava has received several RSVP's for the meeting, but the hotel has not received many calls for rooms.  Ava is trying to determine if the rooms still need to be blocked-out.  She will call the customers for us if we would provide the phone #'s to her.  Could you please fill in the phone #'s for your accounts and forward to Ava Garcia?  Thanks! 
 Effective March 1, 2002, I will not be working the 9/80 schedule anymore.  Please let me know if you need anything else from me.  Thanks, Lindy 
 Yes, I'll be working a regular 5x8 schedule.  What voicemail?  Are you thinking of someone else? 
 Sorry!  Here are the bullets: - 2,500 mile pipeline extending from west Texas to the California border with 1.7 Bcf/day of peak capacity - Maximum Rate Environment Due to Increased California Demand - Bi-Directional Flow Capabilities Provides Flexibility to Rapidly Adapt Regional Demand - Over 90% of Revenues From Demand Charges - Western Deliveries Fully Subscribed Through Dec 2005, Eastern Deliveries Fully Subscribed Through Dec 2002; Well-Positioned for Recontracting - No New Rate Case Until November 2006 - Overbuilding into Cal. can compromise resubscription of contracts (not unique to TW)  The slide includes these bullets, a map of TW and a barchart with 1999-2001 throughput.  I asked Gina to change the 90% to 80% in 4th bullet.  How do you feel about the "Maximum Rate Environment ..." bullet? 
 I am planning to take take vacation days on March 8 & 11 and on March 29 & April 1.  Please let me know if there are any scheduling conflicts.  Thanks, Lindy 
 Hello!  I was asleep at the wheel there.  I'll have Gina change that to 85% subscribed on average through 2005.  There is not time period referenced on the max rate statement. 
 Gina needed to finalize, so we deleted the "max rate environment" bullet. 
 This is my understanding too.  We can discount GRI away and we only have to pay the Gas Research Institute what we collect.  We have to pay the ACA, if we discount it away.  One more check would be Jeanette Doll.  Jeanette? 
 I tried to find the original spreadsheet that I'm sure you sent me where you calculated these quarterly rates, but I can't find it.  Do you recall these rates?  My question is, I think we used just demand dollars (so I don't think commodity is in here) - how is it that the San Juan rates are above the maximum $.1020?  There really aren't any surcharges for San Juan to Thoreau transactions.  Can you try to look at this to see why the rate might be averaging greater than max?  Thanks!!    1Qtr	2Qtr	3Qtr	4Qtr	Annual West	$0.2577	$0.2557	$0.2626	$0.2499	$0.2565 East	$0.0777	$0.0535	$0.0517	$0.0537	$0.0591 Ignacio	$0.0443	$0.0445	$0.0433	$0.0392	$0.0428 San Juan	$0.1042	$0.1042	$0.1050	$0.1039	$0.1043 
 Thank you! 
 President's Day Holiday on 2/18 and my last Friday off on 2/22.  Thanks Audrey! 
 I am here.  Let me know when you have time to meet today.  So far I'm open. 
 How does this look?  The first slide is the flyer to be distributed to the parents in the kids' bags.  The second slide I'll print to put on a large manila envelope for the each classroom door.  Did I forget any info?  Does it sound voluntary enough?  Let me know your comments and I'll run it past someone in the office this evening or on Monday and try to have the envelopes out on Monday.  I'll collect the checks each evening when I pick-up Sam.  Thanks, Lindy 
 Okay.  I've already drafted some Marketing Strategy stuff that Steve's reviewing.  Let me know when you want to get together to discuss. 
 Here's a simple first draft.  I didn't know how much detail we should get into.  Ramona, am I using the correct terminology?  They are not going to confirm in Cycle 1.  They are just going to let us fill-in where El Paso filled-up all the capacity downstream.    Let me know your comments.  Thanks! 
 That's probably a good idea.  I'll wait until I get our comments. 
 I'm asking Ramona a question - it would probably be good if I had her on the address list =)  Also, Terry & Shelley - any comments?  We were discussing this in a meeting Friday afternoon and after I incorporate all of our comments, we're going to run it past SoCal as well.  This change is pursuant to a conversation Steve had with Ladd Lorenz last week. 
 Can you help me with addressing some of these issues?  Let's talk after Staff Mtg.  Thanks! 
 FYI, Looks like we have a few adm things to get in place before we can implement. 
 Yes Dad, you did it right!  Hope ya'll are okay.  I'll call you tonight PaPaFlo.  Love You! Lindy 
   Thanks again Jan! 
 I'll have to research the contract.  I'll try to get back with you today. 
 I think we can get with Ramona and Mary Draemer to discuss.  They may just be able to work it through their contacts at SoCal.  I do think we will want to run the posting past SoCal before we put it out there. 
 I had been meaning to reply to your message you sent to Tony & me a few weeks ago, after you showed us the houses on Winter Wheat.  I saw this morning that 66 Winter Wheat had an option pending =(   I love that house!  But, we are not in a position yet to make a decision about moving, so I guess it wasn't meant to be.  I just wanted to let you know that we appreciated you coming out to show us some homes the other weekend and following-up so promptly with your e:mail on other houses.  If we do decide that we're coming to the Woodlands, we will be calling you to look for a house.  We really enjoyed meeting you and think that it would be great to work with you to look for a home.  Thank you! Lindy 
 It is my understanding (from Kevin Hyatt) that its like Arizona's PUC. 
 Good Luck! 
 I wasn't at this meeting (I was out yesterday). 
 Lorraine, This is Southern's Gallup contract.  I've looked at our yellow file we keep down here and the original agreement only allowed alt RP's & DP's within the path, in the direction of flow, at the discounted rate.  Then, I see an amendment to allow them alternate DP's at the CA Border.  I don't see anything else here.  Are you aware of any deals that allowed them to use alt RP's in East of Thoreau?  Ramona, Can you ask Dennis to look in Envision &/or pull the official contract file for you and check to see if there are any other amendments?  Thanks, Lindy 
 Tuesday at 2:00 is good for me! 
 Just wanted to let you know I had a phone message from Nancy Mallard(sp?) today.  Her daughter is a bunny.  She had a suggestion for the basket.  The James Avery catalog has some sterling silver charms (for a bracelet or a necklace) that are bugs.  A dragon fly ($17.50), a honey bee ($12.50) and a lady bug ($15).  I left her a message and told her I thought it sounded like a great idea.  I told her we would get back with her after next week (& collecting donations) to see if she would like to purchase one to donate for the basket or if she could provide us with the catalog (because I don't receive that one).  I've already looked on the internet to see if I could get a look.  Apparently, there's not a website.  FYI, we'll touch-base later.  Lindy 
 I can be there. 
   Jan, Thank you for all of your help!! Lindy 
 Here is the projected subscribed capacity and revenue through 2010.  This was updated in February, 2002.  Please review it to determine all of this info is appropriate to be provided to the rating agencies.  Most (if not all) of TW's contracts have confidentiality provisions concerning the rates.  I'm assuming we have Confidentiality Agreements with the rating agencies. 
 2 vacation days - March 8 & 11 1 sick day - March 6 
 Looks good to me.  Should John Duschinske and Greg Porter be listed on the officers for Transwestern? 
 I got your message.  They just got my phone and computer hooked-up (I'm on 39 now).  Can you get together tomorrow?  How about 10:00?  Let me know.  Thanks, Lindy 
 Well, I can't meet at 10:00.  Steve just asked me to attend a "Stan restructuring" meeting for him at 10:00 (Steve's on vacation).  I'd say let's reschedule for this afternoon, but I want to wait to see if there's anything we have to do ASAP from this meeting this afternoon.  Let me get back with you. 
 We have collected $85 so far.  Yipee!! 
 I see at the bottom of the Business Plan where Tracy has asked for written assumptions for the forecast from you.  Has this been completed?  Steve would like to see this by sometime tomorrow morning for his review before our 2:00 meeting.  When will we have this? 
 Currently, Transwestern is considering the TransPecos project, a joint venture where Transwestern would own a 50% undivided interest in a new pipeline with capacity of 311 MMcf/d accessing Mexican markets near the El Paso/Juarez area. 
 Sounds like it's more than just us! 
 Shellley would like to meet at 9:30 on Monday in her office to discuss Transwestern customer accounts.  Please let me know if you have a conflict with this time.  Thanks, Lindy 
 I'm sorry I will be not be in the office Friday. 
 FYI.  Have we got anything set-up with James & Gabriel yet?  We won't meet with Dave until we've had a chance to discuss among ourselves and see what opportunities we've identified. 
 FYI.  Dave's proposal to Steve. 
 Let me know if you have any questions or need anything changed.  Thanks, Lindy X36007 
 I don't know if Perry has responded to your request yet concerning what contracts are expiring with WTX Pool capacity and about that Duke contract you mentioned in our Staff Mtg yesterday, but I looked at my notes and this is what I come up with.  The Duke contract that expires 7/31/2002 without ROFR is already taken into consideration as expired in the November, 2002 capacity of 17,300/d we derived last week (which we've already sold 20,000/d to Calpine & PPL).  Other contracts expiring in 2002 & early 2003 from the WTX Pool are:  25841	PG&E	17,200/d	10/31/2002	(ROFR trigger 10/31/01) 26511	PG&E	  8,165/d	10/31/2002	(ROFR trigger 10/31/01) Total		25,365/d  26683	APS	8,000/d		3/31/2003	(subject to ROFR)  Otherwise, we have WTX Pool capacity every Apr-Oct of 14,000/d (opposite of SWG's seasonal ctrc).  The other issue we could take into consideration here is displacement.  For the month of November, 2002 (for example) we have 22,000/d of capacity we are including in our WT-1 total that is made up of southward paths (20,000/d for USGT & 2,000/d for Astra with receipts north of WT-1 for delivery to WTX delivery points south of WT-2).  This is the most conservative capacity reservation policy.  In the event not enought physical receipts were nominated south of WT-1 to fulfill all physical deliveries nominated south of WT-1, we would need to compress gas south through WT-1 to make deliveries for these two contracts.  We may want to reassess this. 
 I took a day of vacation (8 hour day) on Tuesday, 11/16.  I had two sick days on 11/17 & 18. 
 Yes, Shelley & I discussed this on Monday.  Isn't that interesting?  I wish we could slip this into some data request or something. 
 We held a meeting to discuss the status of TW's 637 Imbalance filing.  Our current position (after discussions about a month ago) has been that we are concerned about filing anything in the 637 docket because it would stir-up segmentation and for now we want to let that sleeping dog lie.  We discussed again the possibility of making a separate tariff filing to pursue our OBA "wish list" outside the 637 arena and decided again that this type of filing would just get consolidated with our pending 637 filing.  After further discussion we decided that the one thing, most narrowly defined, that would really help us out with our imbalances is mandatory cash-out in constrained areas.  If defined this narrowly, this is something for which we can clearly demonstrate an operational need based upon historical allocation and imbalance data.  We think that we could make a 30 day tariff filing for this one change and have minimum risk of entanglement with the overall 637 filing.  Glen & Mary are going to discuss with MKM and Teb with Rob.  Lyn & Terry are going to pull together the last 12 months of data for constrained areas on our pipe (Ignacio to Blanco, Blanco to Thoreau, Thoreau to the border & check with Darrell for any other areas that should be included) and increased imbalance levels.  We plan to get together next week to discuss further.  Concerning the rest of our OBA "wish list", we are discussing whether to hold meetings with individual protestors to discuss only the Imbalance issues of the filing and work toward a "settlement" position on those issues to have ready in the event of Commission action in this docket. 
 Thanks! 
 Here's the ROFR spreadsheet.  The last time I updated it was 9/17/01.  I just had Dennis run a report out of CBS yesterday so that I could sync-up the ROFR spreadsheet for any long-term contracts, but I haven't had a chance to do it yet. 
 Dear Ahmed,  Thank you so much for sharing!  I can't tell you what a sweet boy he is!! I have the picture of him today (with his eyes open) as my screen saver.  Everyone in my office is in love with Khalid! Well, I hope you are okay and have maybe caught up on some sleep.  Hopefully, Khalid will be a good sleeper.  I told Amy that this was enough to make me want to get on a plane.  Maybe Tony, Sam & I will be able to come visit soon.  I'm so excited that Sam will have a cousin near his age.  He has Riley (turned 2 yrs. on Oct 4th) and Peyton (was 3 yrs. in June) who are brothers and live in San Antonio (Tony's brother Larry's boys).  But we are thinking that we've never been to Memphis and it would be a great place to visit! Sam is doing wonderfully.  As everyone will tell you, they grow up so fast.  Just enjoy every moment - these boys are little miracles!  Sam has started saying alot of words (moon, house, ball, cookie, crackers, buckle) and he is going to be a lion for halloween - he's been practicing his roar.  What will Khalid be?  Sam is also trying to put on his shoes and socks.  He is fascinated with buckles - he can buckle, but not unbuckle yet.  He is almost riding his tricycle. Everything else is good here.  My mom and Charlie have started driving here today.  They will get to Houston tomorrow night.  Tony is driving the Corvair in a parade Saturday and then, of course, we are watching the Baylor game. I'm so glad to hear your mom and dad are coming this weekend.  I bet they cannot wait.  I hope they are able to visit often.  It is so important to me that Sam knows my mom, Charlie, my dad & Flo.  I was so lucky to get to grow-up with my grandparents in town and I wish that Sam will have the same. Have fun with sweet Khalid and take care of Amy.  It sounds like you all are doing great!  Love, Lindy 
 Oooh!  He is soo sweet!  Thanks for the pic's.  We'll have to get our act in gear here with our digital so we can be hi-tech too.  He is darling!!  XOXO to Khalid (& you guys too).  Love, Lindy 
 Dave, How are you?  I hope all is going well with your new job.  I'm sorry we won't be able to meet this Friday.  Can I call or e:mail you to set-up another time?  I'll look forward to seeing you soon.  Thanks, Lindy 
 I have provided to TW's Gas Logistics Group copies of the following facility related agreements:  La Plata Facilities Ownership & Operating Agreement between TWPL & Northwest Pipeline dated November 3, 1995. WT-1 Compressor Station Electric Agreements between TWPL & Southwestern Public Service: Electric Service Agreement dated March 8, 1996 Amendment effective June 1, 2000 Agreement dated October 27, 1999 Bisti Compressor Station Electric Agreements between TWPL & Enron Compression Services: Compression Services Agreement dated March 31, 1999 Amendment effective June 18, 1999 Letter Agreement dated June 18, 1999 Letter Agreement dated June 30, 1999 Operations & Maintenance Agreement dated September 9, 1996 (I don't have a copy of this.  I just have a copy of the Amendment.) Amendment dated June 18, 1999 Gallup Compressor Station Electric Agreements between TWPL & Enron Compression Services: Compression Services Agreement dated October 18, 1999 Gas Conversion Agreement October 18, 1999 Letter Agreement dated February 23, 2000 Amendment dated March 24, 2000 Operations & Maintenance Agreement dated October 18, 1999 Operational Control Agreement dated February 11, 2000 Gas Logistics (Christine McEvoy) already had copies of the Blanco Hub Agreements.  I don't have copies of the March 31, 1999 Bloomfield Compression Services Agreement or the September 9, 1996 Bloomfield Operations & Maintenance Agreement  (referenced in the Bisti Agreements).  James, do you have copies?  Who else would have a copies? 
 Lee Huber has located copies of the Bloomfield O&M & Compression Services Agreements and a copy of the Bisti O&M Agreement.  She is giving these copies to Bill Brown. 
 How does this look? 
 Rich, Give me a call when you have a chance to discuss. Thanks, Lindy 
   James, please find the file attached with the SoCal amounts in dispute as we discussed.  Let me know if you need any further assistance.  Richard, We are meeting tomorrow afternoon (internally) to discuss a possible SoCal settlement position.  Could you verify the amounts from March, 2001 through September, 2001 by lunch time tomorrow?  (I was using a combination of a spreadsheet Linda Ward had provided to me a couple months ago and inquiring in the CBS invoice system.  I want to make sure I have the most current information.)  If not, let me know your timing.  Also, have we been billing interest on the disputed amounts?  I don't see anything in the invoice system.  Please let me know.  Thanks, Lindy 
 Attached is a spreadsheet where James has calculated the interest owed by SoCal.  The interest totals about $0.5 MM.  We have not been billing interest.  The system does not generate an interest invoice until the disputed amount is paid.  Then, based upon when it's paid, the interest is calculated. 
 The last slide I'm working on is the "Detail of Market Value" slide.  I have a draft completed, but Steve has not been able to review it.  As long as I can get time with him in the morning and the changes aren't significant I should be able to have the presentation to you. 
   Could all y'all check my work =) before I send this out to everyone?  (Scroll-down to the highlighted areas.)  Thank you! 
   Kim asked me to send the attached spreadsheet to you.  It's my listing of TW's firm contracts where I track ROFR.  This is a complete list as of 9-17-01 of all long-term contracts (seasonal or longer).  Any monthly deals may not be included.  Dennis Lee has a report he runs from CBS of all currently effective contracts and contracts with future effective dates for me to cross-check that I have everything.  The first tab "ROFR Criteria" is a complete list of currently effective contracts including (at the bottom) contracts with future effective dates and the Red Rock Expansion contracts.  The receipt and delivery areas are noted.  The tabs following show the subscribed capacity for certain segments of TW's pipe (West of Thoreau, Blanco to Thoreau & Ignacio to Blanco) by month through 2006. 
   Replace slide # 4 ("Reconciliation of 2001 Plan to 2001 3CE") Replace slide # 5 ("Reconciliation of 2001 3CE to 2002 Plan") Insert new slide	# 6 ("Net Commercial Contribution Accountability") Replace slide # 15 ( "Fuel Revenues 2001 vs. 2002", was slide # 14) Insert new slide # 18 ("2002 Strategy") 
 Thanks Mary Kay! 
 How's this? 
 Please print a few copies of this spreadsheet and take them to Tracy in her meeting this morning.  Thanks, Lindy 
 I faxed it to you, but I think I know why it wouldn't print.  Go to Sheet 1(2) - Sorry, it's the revised one. 
 Attached is a revised offer per our conference call yesterday.  The 1st tab is the summary.  The 2nd tab has the calculations (as well as for the other alternatives we discussed). 
 Oh!  Doesn't he just steal your heart?  Thank you for the pictures.  I have the 3rd one on my screen background.  What an angel!  I'm glad you liked everything and it fits.  I hope you can find a tiny little picture of his sweet little face to put in his blue bejeweled frame.  Isn't our Sam a handsome boy!  He says pickle, boat, nose, eyes, daddy's car, grandma (this is wh