 Tom,  Here is the report I prepared on the methods and types of grpahs for this work request. As examples I used the May 2002 graphs, including the Paretos for the Pitch and overspeed faults. If you need additional clarification, or have questions let me know.  Mark 
 Joe,  Attached is the Curtail200206.db file. I have a question about a sequence of events. For turbine 840006029 on June 19th the turbine is "Energy curtailed" (Index = 10843), THEN it has the message "Turbine Com Established" (Index = 10855). Then there are no other messages (for that turbine) until a "Energy curtailed" message (Index = 11134).  Is there anything I can assume about the time between the curtailment messages? For example, was the turbine uncurtailed when the com established message was recorded? Or are did the turbine become uncurtailed and no message was recorded?  Thanks, Mark 
 Andre,  Here is a short subset of 10-minute records containing the extreme temperature event (approximately 3 hours of before/after data). The turbine was #105 at Desert Sky on May 1st. Times are in UTC. The values are 10-minute averages.  If you have additional questions let me know.  Mark 
 Tom,  The graphs attached are formatted the same as the sample set I sent you earlier. As of today, Desert Sky 10-minute data has not been uploaded for June 2002 yet, and the data for Jan is nonexistant, so the graphs go from Feb to May 2002.  If you have questions or comments let me know.  Mark 
 Tom,  Here is a sample of the output for this request. For this I have only used May 2002. I for the boxplots one has had records removed when the ambient and gearbox temp is less than 0 (I can provide turbines and times if needed). There were many records where this occured. There were also 5 records where the Gearbox temp was over 100 and these were also removed. All of these over 100 records occured on turbine 105 on May 1st between 1640 and 1740 (UTC). Temperatures were as high as 366.  If this format is acceptable let me know and I will generate graphs for the data we have (Jan - "current" 2002).  Mark 
 I think I have the formulas fixed in this one. 
 Denise,  A couple of questions about software.  I have used and would like to continue to use MiKTeX (A windows version of TeX, the technical typesetting program). I find it is useful for automatically formatting reports in fact I have designed the automated summary report for the turbine SPC report using this program. This is freeware. (The TeX users group http://www.tug.org/ has information of TeX implementations. MiKTeX is probably the best, but PCTeX by Personal TeX is a good non-free version). Please let me know what will need to be done so that I can continue to use this software.  I was also planning to start Syncing my PDA with Outlook (as soon as Outlook is configured for use). So can I install the "Palm" software for this purpose?  Mark Fisher 
 Tom,  I have energy estimates for May 2002 attached. Graph 1 is site totals, graph 2 is (total lost)/(total actual production) where total actual production is taken from the kWh reported in the owner report, and graph 3 is the by turbine distribution (using box plots) of energy lost.  The energy lost estimation method I employed is susceptible to problems with data recovery (10-minute data), which in May 2002 was especially poor at Klondike and Fenner, so those number are not as informative as those for the other sites.  If these graphs provide you the information you need, I will continue with the remaining months (Jan - Apr). Otherwise let me know and we'll refine this process to get you what you need.  Mark 
 Tom,  From the stage I was at on the duration and energy it was just as easy to do all 7 sites as the 3 you specifically requested. If you do not want the additional graphs let me know and I'll pull them out of the Acrobat file.  Mark 
 Jeff,  The files are in DesertSkyCurtail in your transfer dirtectory. Check the sums of the KWH.LOST columns with the values you were provided. These all seem to have been created the same day.  Mark 
 Tom,  Here are the fault paretos of fault counts for all sites for May 2002 (may2002paretos_faults.pdf). For readability only the top 30 faults for each site are displayed. Both Texas sites had VERY high numbers of "wind deviation" faults.  I am also attaching a file (from a different work request) that has a pareto (by site) of the mean number of faults per turbine (may2002mean_faults.pdf), which shows that the Texas sites have the highest mean faults per turbine. This also has boxplots of the number of faults by site to show the outliers.  I will do the June data, if still desired, when the data upload is completed.  As always, if you have questions or comments let me know.  Mark 
 Tom,  Here are the new graphs with totals (bar charts) and distributions (boxplots) for all seven sites through May 2002.  I believe that I have come up with a method of providing you with the ESTIMATED energy lost. Since it requires using two data sets (faults and 10-minute data) it will be take a bit longer to run. However I hope to have that result to you next week.  Mark 
 Tom,  Maybe I mis-interpreted again, but here are the graphs for site total (the boxplots are still by turbine). This is for May. I will wait to see if this is more like what you need before continuing with the earlier months.  Mark 
 They are both: doomat!1 
 Jeff,  Mar - May 2002 have been recalculated and spreadsheets created. Mar & Apr wend down slightly due to the "extra" turbines. May has gone up, possibly due to some data filling in holes from before, data recovery does appear to be better this time. The spreadsheets are sorted and totaled by Bus.ID. The "extras" are at the bottom with 0 production.   Mark 
 Tim,  In Oct 2001 I produced the attached reports for Michael Paine. I hope these are helpful.  Mark 
 Fault Pareto Work Request From Tom Nemila 
 On a per turbine basis he would be expecting some to have big drops. However for the entire site, the amount we were talking about would be about .5% (for 1 month). Though I don't know if he expected individual turbines to have more impact on the site average than they do . For 10 turbines having one drop 5% only lowers the site by .5%. 
 Tom,  Attached are the graphs for energy lost due to the pitch and overspeed faults you listed. As I mentioned before the methodology requires decent data recovery for the 10-minute data. The data recovery was poor for several sites in January, and for Fenner and Klondike in May.  I will be compiling a report on this request, summarizing the graph types and some explanation of the methods used to produce them. I hope to have that completed within the next couple of days.  If you see deficiencies or suggested modifications let me know.  Mark 
 Leesa,  I just found out that I had volunteered to buy a table for the SPA luncheon on Thursday, October 11th so I am trying to fill it up with people.  Would you be interested in attending a luncheon at the Houston Country Club on October 11th?  Susan Murray will be there.  Pamela and Jaye will not be able to attend because they are going to be out of town.  Let me know.  Mary 
 If I can fit into it, I plan to wear one of my really nice suits.  This is the ladies who lunch crowd so you will see everything.  I'm so glad that you can go. 
 Works for me. 
 Finished review of EES state tax returns.  Made sure that OTP entries were made.  Meet with previous preparer and current preparer on cummulative build transition. 
 Becky,  I just found out that I bought a table for the Society for the Performing Arts luncheon on October 11th at the Houston Country Club and I am desparately trying to fill it.  I was wondering if you would be interested in going as my guest?  Susan will be there as well as Lessa White.  Let me know if you are interested?  Mary 
 Amanda,  My guests for the fall luncheon will be: Mary Fischer Carol Sapp Christina Topol Patty Lee Rhonda Ryan Carol Kenny Becky Rush Susan Murray Leesa White TBD  I left a check and a Enron matching form for the luncheon on your chair on Monday.  If you need anything let me know by e-mail since I will be out of the office on Friday and Monday, but I will be checking in by email.  Thanks for all your help.  Mary S. Fischer 
 Selma,  I think that I was scheduled for a vaction day on Monday but I don't know because I've screwed up my vaction schedule, but I will be taking a day of vacation Monday so I can get my slate floors resealed.  If you or anyone needs me on Friday or Monday please give me a call at home.  I should be there both days and I'm only 15 minutes away.  I have nothing pending that is pressing. 
  Debroah,  My guests for the fall luncheon will be: Mary Fischer Carol Sapp Christina Topol Patty Lee Rhonda Ryan Carol Kenny Becky Rush Susan Murray Leesa White Sue Knight    Thanks for all your help.  Mary S. Fischer 
 Lynda,  I've researched the Arkansas request for an intial business registration booklet.  This is a new requirement and it needs to be included with the Annual Report.  If you have any questions please let me know.  Mary 
 Anissa,  I can't thank you enough for the quick response.   We needed to get the Massachusett's return out this week.  Thanks again.  Mary 
 I hope that this helps. 
 Rick,  I think that this company falls into your group now.  Sorry about passing the buck.  Would the tax department be responsible for registering a company to do business in a state?  Wouldn't corporate secretary be responsible for registering a company in a state?  Let me know how this turns out for future questions.  Mary 
 I sent you and Sean an invitation to a party for Carl who is turning 60 on October 28th.  (I married a very very old man!)  I was hoping that you and Sean could stop by so I would have a familiar face there and since you live in the neighborhood.  The other guests are buddies of Carl, went to school with Carl, play tennis with Carl or worked at Pennzoil with Carl.  We have only been married seven years and I don't know these people that he has me inviting.   How are you doing?  Mary 
 Leesa,  I wanted to confirm that I will be walking in the Heart walk on November 3rd.  I'm working on collecting those pledges.  I hoping that it is kosher to hit up family members for pledges.  Mary 
 I don't know if Carl is going to walk in American Heart Walk becuase of his knee problems, heaven forbid that walking would injure his knee so he couldn't play tennis.  You could probably talk him into walking, because he won't do it for me after seven years of marriage I have lost my influence/I'm officially taken for granted.  I will be walking this Saturday so lets meet at my house and drive over together. 
 I just checked the SAP reports on Harrier I LLC, Grizzly I LLC, Pronghorn I LLC, Roadrunner I LLC that the total losses of $710,594,336 have not been booked in SAP for September. 
 Per my conversation with Eloise Williams the proceeds of $138,475,829 were never recorded on 33R but were recorded on 33Q.  Since this is a sale of inventory I'm assuming that the gain will be ordinary and should be reduced by the tax basis in the credits of $104.8 million. 
 No, sorry about that. 
 GOOD JOB!!!!! 
 FYI 
 6:15 works for me.  The best way to get to my house from your house is go down Shepherd past 59 and make a right on Sunset Blvd and keep on going past Kirby and Buffalo Speedway and a couple of stop signs.  My house is on the right.  It has a witch out in the front.  The address is 3726 Sunset Blvd.  Are you still on for tomorrow? 
 Started reviewing cummulative build files.  Reviewed companies for 3rd quarter close. 
 How about I swing by and get you at 11, Patty Lee, Rhonda Ryan, and Vickie Gross will be coming with us.  Mary 
 Dana,  I was suppose to do this a week ago.  Daisy is a friend of mine and she couldn't beleive that out of all the people at Enron I knew who you were.  She wanted me to ask you for your address so that she and Kim (who used to work for you but I can't remember her last name) could invite your wife to Accessory Cafe party that they are having at Kim's house.  Daisy said that they tried to send an invitation to Accessory Cafe party that was held at Daisy's house but the invitation was returned.  They had some nice things so I recommend it.  If you want to call Daisy directly her number is:  713-975-0250.  Its a small world.  Mary F. 
 RK,  I am so sorry to hear about your dad.  I know how hard it is to lose a parent.  Please remember that you are in my thoughts.  Mary 
 I would like to make an appointment to get the flu shot.  Thanks, Mary Fischer #35449 
 Nicole,  After thinking about our conversation this morning I don't think that we are on the same page.  I am looking for a sale of S02 credits that were sold by 33R but were held in inventory on 33Q.  Eloise Williams sent an e-mail to Jeff Herrold saying that an entry was made to the following accounts on 33Q:  Debit to 1999995 	Cash				$138,475,829.50 Credit to 4500000	Other Commodity - Third Party	$138,475,829.50  My question is was the sale reclassed to 30R by the following entry: 33Q	Debit to 450160000	Financial Settlements - Intercompany 	$151,404,038.50 Credit to 20023000	Accts Rec/Payable Non Trade - Interco	$151,404,038.50  33R	Debit to 20023000	Accts Rec/Payable Non Trade - Interco	$151,404,038.50 Credit to 450160000	Financial Settlements - Intercompany	$151,404,038.50  If so what else makes up the $151,404,038.50?  My next question is what is the cost of  the inventory that went to cost of sales for the sale of $138,475,829.50 S02 credits?  What was the entry that recorded the amount into cost of sales?  If you could get back to me as soon as possible, I would greatly appreciate it.  Mary 
 Ruby,  This week has gotten shot to hell.  My mom is in the hospital (no big deal, just an inconvenience).  Are you free next week for lunch?  Name the day.   Let me know.  Mary 
 Can't make it - I am registered for the Basics of Risk Management that day. 
 Wednesday works for me!!!! 
 Sunday would not be a good day - How about Tuesday or Thursday? 
 Works for me.  Lets  go someplace special since it is your birthday. 
 Only comment that I have is good luck! 
 I've got to got to a meeting and won't be back til after lunch and then I will search for those e-mails and forward them to you.  I just want to let you know so you won't think that I forgot.  Mary  Good Luck! 
 Leesa,  I would like an extra large t-shirt.  Mary Fischer 
 I want you to know that I really enjoyed sleeping in especially when I heard the rain.  I kept thinking I could be out there but I'm so happy I'm not. 
 I can't get access to my lotus notes but IT support is working on it. 
 You and Facundo are finished; I'm not sure about anybody else. 
 Reviewed ES payments for Michigan. Started review of the cummulative build. Meet with accounting about the basis of inventory on SO2 credits. 1st Hyperion close for October. 
 Thanks for letting me know. 
 Your calculation looks correct to me.  The deferred tax variance is because current month's income has not been tax effected and has not been recorded in your deferred tax liability balance.  There was a big flucuation in mark to market income for Pronghorn in September. 
 I will be taking a day of vacation on Monday but if you need anything, have any questions or need me to come in please give me a call at home or e-mail me.  I will be checking the phone and my e-mail.  Mary 
 I would like to attend.  Thanks, Mary Fischer 
 How was the 15th?  Was it crazy?  Did any last minute clients come in begging to have their returns filed?  Enron is still operating eventhough the President quit and they had to bring back Ken Lay.  Ken gave a speech this morning telling employees yes the stock has gone down but he predicts that it will go back up.  I hope that it does.  I'm planning to be at Debbie's party.  It sounds like it will be alot of fun. 
 I hope that you are coming back out to Enron.  Nothing much happening here except the stock price is sinking like a rock.  Ken Lay spoke to the employees this morning trying to raise the spirit.  He said don't panic, it will get better.  Let me know if you are going to be out here and lets do lunch. 
 Worked on refining the 2000 RTA.  Worked on the deferred taxes for the TNPC warrants.  Continued working on the cummulative build for highly ranked companies. 
 Todd Richards probably has the file since he has been the one that has been closing the company. 
 I think that this is for you since I don't know any of these people. 
 How do you feel about taking on another company? 
 No problem about moving Company 1691 over 
 Those dates work for me. 
 Yes; I think orginally Patty thought that the permanent differences per the return would all be considered timing differences, but after discussion with accounting the amount of permanent differences that could be recatorgized to timing was a net change of (14,000,034).  Thanks for catching my huge blunder.  Mary 
 Michelle, Facundo is going to need his companies unlocked because an OTP was not created for any of the companies that he is now responsible for.  Thanks, Mary 
 Robert,  Were you able to get the report that you need for Beth Apke, if not let me know and I'll see what I can do.  Mary 
 I think I have the formulas fixed in this one. 
 Tom,  Here is a sample of the output for this request. For this I have only used May 2002. I for the boxplots one has had records removed when the ambient and gearbox temp is less than 0 (I can provide turbines and times if needed). There were many records where this occured. There were also 5 records where the Gearbox temp was over 100 and these were also removed. All of these over 100 records occured on turbine 105 on May 1st between 1640 and 1740 (UTC). Temperatures were as high as 366.  If this format is acceptable let me know and I will generate graphs for the data we have (Jan - "current" 2002).  Mark 
 Tom,  The graphs attached are formatted the same as the sample set I sent you earlier. As of today, Desert Sky 10-minute data has not been uploaded for June 2002 yet, and the data for Jan is nonexistant, so the graphs go from Feb to May 2002.  If you have questions or comments let me know.  Mark 
 Andre,  Here is a short subset of 10-minute records containing the extreme temperature event (approximately 3 hours of before/after data). The turbine was #105 at Desert Sky on May 1st. Times are in UTC. The values are 10-minute averages.  If you have additional questions let me know.  Mark 
 Joe,  Attached is the Curtail200206.db file. I have a question about a sequence of events. For turbine 840006029 on June 19th the turbine is "Energy curtailed" (Index = 10843), THEN it has the message "Turbine Com Established" (Index = 10855). Then there are no other messages (for that turbine) until a "Energy curtailed" message (Index = 11134).  Is there anything I can assume about the time between the curtailment messages? For example, was the turbine uncurtailed when the com established message was recorded? Or are did the turbine become uncurtailed and no message was recorded?  Thanks, Mark 
 Tom,  Attached are the graphs for energy lost due to the pitch and overspeed faults you listed. As I mentioned before the methodology requires decent data recovery for the 10-minute data. The data recovery was poor for several sites in January, and for Fenner and Klondike in May.  I will be compiling a report on this request, summarizing the graph types and some explanation of the methods used to produce them. I hope to have that completed within the next couple of days.  If you see deficiencies or suggested modifications let me know.  Mark 
 On a per turbine basis he would be expecting some to have big drops. However for the entire site, the amount we were talking about would be about .5% (for 1 month). Though I don't know if he expected individual turbines to have more impact on the site average than they do . For 10 turbines having one drop 5% only lowers the site by .5%. 
 Fault Pareto Work Request From Tom Nemila 
 They are both: doomat!1 
 Tim,  In Oct 2001 I produced the attached reports for Michael Paine. I hope these are helpful.  Mark 
 Jeff,  Mar - May 2002 have been recalculated and spreadsheets created. Mar & Apr wend down slightly due to the "extra" turbines. May has gone up, possibly due to some data filling in holes from before, data recovery does appear to be better this time. The spreadsheets are sorted and totaled by Bus.ID. The "extras" are at the bottom with 0 production.   Mark 
 Tom,  Here are the fault paretos of fault counts for all sites for May 2002 (may2002paretos_faults.pdf). For readability only the top 30 faults for each site are displayed. Both Texas sites had VERY high numbers of "wind deviation" faults.  I am also attaching a file (from a different work request) that has a pareto (by site) of the mean number of faults per turbine (may2002mean_faults.pdf), which shows that the Texas sites have the highest mean faults per turbine. This also has boxplots of the number of faults by site to show the outliers.  I will do the June data, if still desired, when the data upload is completed.  As always, if you have questions or comments let me know.  Mark 
 Tom,  Here is the report I prepared on the methods and types of grpahs for this work request. As examples I used the May 2002 graphs, including the Paretos for the Pitch and overspeed faults. If you need additional clarification, or have questions let me know.  Mark 
 Tom,  Maybe I mis-interpreted again, but here are the graphs for site total (the boxplots are still by turbine). This is for May. I 