 Hello,  George. 1.   The actual shift change occurs at 6 am until further,  however,  I expect traders to arrive at least 20 minutes before shift change. 2  the September work schedule is attached 3.  I understand that most park in daily fee, "outside" lots.   Thanks, JMF 
  Kim, I had mentioned that I had not completed submitting my expense for temporary housing,  etc.    I mistakenly thought that the deadline was one year. Can I still get this in?   I think I have everything in order.  Thanks, JMF 
 Any luck with the changes we have requested? JMF 
 kim, thanks so much for checking into this for me.   sorry for the delay in submitting.  JMF 
 So,  you waited until the weather became bearable before coming to Houston?   Good call there. I travelled to Portland a week ago to visit friends.    Deb and I had a great time and the flight was so cheap,  $165.       The weather was awesome and the wine was good (  as far as I can remember ). Anyway,  it was good to see Stewie, Tim and even Richter.  What are you working on here,  is it classified?  JMF 
 yep,  coffee is a good idea.  jmf 
  Hey,  melon-boy -  Who would I talk to about the residential customers.    I received a call from a load aggregating company that specializes in residential sign ups. This sounds like a good idea, provided that our strategy hasnt changed.  Whatup?  JMF 
 What about New Power,  should we refer this deal to them?   It looks pretty good.  fornicatio 
  Joe, Do you have any record of this deal?   I should that you worked this day. If this exists in your personal trade log,  then we need to Enpower this.  Let me know what you find. 
  Alex, Could you check your trade log for this?   I show that you were on this day.    If this trade is good,  we need to Enpower. Let me know what you find.  JMF 
  Joe, Here's another.   Please check this out and let me know what's going on.  Thanks, JMF 
   Boy:  the deal number for the coa option for tomorrow is 765595.1.  do you need this????   JMF 
   Due to Oklaunion being down  for maintenance,    we are being cut again on offpeak schedule #570719.     This 25 mw purchase from Tenaska needs to be replaced for hour ending 23 and 24 today.     Buy the power tonight  and enter deal under Ercot Mgmt book, as this is Doug's power. I have already made the cuts in Enpower for both hours ending 23,24 and tomorrow.  For tomorrow,  I have purchased energy for this schedule,  so we dont have to worry about it on a real time basis.  If you have questions,  let me know.  Thanks, JMF 
   Alex, You have been somehow  entering deals under South America - Brazil region,   rather than South 2001.   Risk has been having a problem with this. This has also affected the Brazil trading desk. Double check your deal entry desks and zones.     I intended to mention this last week and I forgot.   It came up again today,  per risk.  Also, on the hour ending 6 deal today;   you should have entered a sale to Frontera in Enpower, rather than Mirant. This is a bit confusing,  but here goes:  Frontera had sold Mirant this option,  not Enron.     Frontera tells me daily what Mirant is calling for.   I replace this power,  or Frontera generates the schedule. If I (or you)  replace,  then we do enter a schedule of a sale to Mirant in the Portal.   But,  we dont sell to Mirant in Enpower, as this is not our deal.  Instead,   the sale goes to Frontera.   They pay us to reimburse us for buying LCRA on their behalf.  Does that help?  JMF 
 Kim, Cammi Mursch has asked for an e-mail from Enron authorizing an extension. Can we do this?  Thanks, JMF 
  Linus, can you give me the info for a New Power contact?  jmf 
   Anoush, I have talked with John Phillips with Cinergy Worldwide.    His company is an experienced residential load aggregator in the Northeast.  They are not related to the Cinergy utility.      They are interested in a partnership with Enron/New Power where Cinergy would market directly to individuals using our paper/ terms in return for a negotiated fee. He is interested in entering the Texas Choice arena.     They claim to be capable of size in signups.  I thought that this may be a good fit for NewP. The number for  John Phillips is :   410-365-5613   Let me know what your thoughts are.   John Forney Ercot Trading 853-7160 
   The Oklaunion plant is offline until midnight Friday.    I have replaced the power for this deal in the cash market. No replacement is needed. Also; You will notice that from peak on through 24, the pool has been strong.     Generators are taking their units offline for offpeak and are running short until peak the next day. You can recognize this in the ACE display on the monitor.   Notice hour ending 3,4,5.   Theyre draggin. Prices still havent done much in the offpeak,even with this going on.  JMF 
   Mr. Hinson, Sorry I missed your call.      The Frontera Plant is composed of 2 CT's and and steamer.      Three units in total,  however,   the steamer cannot operate independently of the ct's.    I say this because the Ercot protocols allow dispatching each of these units independently and Ercot exercises this right while punishing us financially for non compliance.  There is no way under the Resource Plan from the protocols to express which combinations must be considered.       These units are behind a common point,  so the rules as they were written dont consider us.  I know that this is more than you asked for,  but for whatever it's worth........   Thanks and give me a call if you need more info,  JForney Enron Ercot Region 
   Hourly Ercot is long 65 mw's for hour ending 6.    We have this routed to North Zone load.   If prices appear to be heading negative,  then export or sell outright.  Please review all positions in the system for tomorrow so that you can transact if necessary.  Thanks, JMF 
 Kim, Here is the e-mail address for Cammi.  Thanks, JMF 
   Madhup, We have been having alot of trouble with one of the big screens that is fed by the portal server.      It is the display over Doug's head.    This shows ACE and load forecast.  Doug is very excited about this,  as we have had a daily problem   It works temporarily ,  but goes down daily.  Is Sasha the guy to talk to on this?  JMF 
 best wishes to you and your daughter. jmf 
  The updated help desk numbers for 24 hour call are as follows:  phone - 713-553-3758 page - 713-327-4523  These have changed, so update your phone list accordingly.   Thanks,  JMF 
  The Hourly Ercot book is long 30 mw's  at $13.25 for hour ending 23 and 24 on Friday.    This is currently scheduled into the North Zone load. When you sell this,   cut the load and replace with the appropriate QSE trade.  The purchase is in Enpower as #825387.  The sale to Ercot Imbal is under #825406.        Cut the enpower sale and replace with appropiate sale counterparty. Everything should be entered under the Hourly Ercot desk.  Let me know how it goes.  JMF 
 Adrianne, I was not able to participate in a phone screen for any of the applicants below,  due to business travel. What is the latest on this? JMForney 
  Tom, The Frontera file has, in the first tab,   their calculation for their daily costing. Ken gave me this and asked me what I think.    It would probably be best if we talk some more about it,  rather than sending it to Jerry Brown,  etc.  What do you think?  JMF 
   The ST ercot book is long 30 mw's in the offpeak hours for Monday.    We would like to sell these mw's at a reasonable price that is left to your judgement. If prices look to be potentially negative,  of course,  sell the mw's.  Give me a call if you have questions, preferrably before 10 pm.   Thanks, JMF 
 Give me a call  jmf 
 The Resolution desk has given me the password.   However,  George was not set up in deal blotter under North America,  East Region.   I have since submitted another E-request for George.   The reason is,   he cannot log onto blotter or create deals under his name. Can you watch out for this?  JMF 
 What again is the $ impact and the days involved that we are discussing. 
 William,   things look better  but,    George does not have access to the EPMI Hourly Ercot book.       This is the book that he trades primarily. He also needs EPMI Ercot Asset.  Thanks, JMF 
   Frontera will be running short for the schedule listed below.      I have sold them this imbalance for $28.57.    Any imbalance charges billed to them should be allocated to me listed on the schedule below.  hour ending 7 - 320 he 8 -320 he 9 - 320 he 10 - 215 he 11 - 150 he 12 - 50  The total is 1375.   This is the equivalent of a financial swap,  but the settlement will remain intact.  Thanks, JMF 
  Ken, Take a look at this.   We will sell an additional 85mw's for hour ending 2300 tomorrow.    This is not on the sheet, obviously.  Thanks, JMF 
   Frontera has scheduled the following for tomorrow:  he 7-11,   350 mw's he 12-22,  400 mw's he 23, 50 mw's   We will be required to sell an additional 85 mw's tomorrow for hour ending 23 in order to get up to the minimum run of 135mw's. If Frontera has problems coming up tomorrow,  there may be an ACE issue.  We will advise.  JMF 
   I have sold Frontera a financial swap for $28.50 for hours ending 7-12.    The first 3 hours are for size (300 mw's). I would buy hours 7-9 tomorrow for up to $20.      I could buy up to the 300 mw's.     Schedule this to load in the North. I could also use 200 mw's for he 10 and 150 mw's for he 11.  Calpine has had an offer recently for hours ending 7-9.  If you have questions,  please give me a call,  as this is a very important issue.  Words of advice:  Dont go into the market with a $20 bid for 300 mw's.   Quietly accumulate these mw's if possible.     Do not tip your hand on this deal,  as that would contribute to spiking RT prices.  Thanks, JMF 
 Karen, I have spoken with Adrianne yesterday concerning the status of this process.    At that time,   I had left messages with all three candidates,  but was unable to reach them. Late yesterday afternoon,  I received a call from Nicholas Watson. I was impressed with his previous experience in trading and his educational background.    He also had shown some innovation related to some projects that he worked on at JP Morgan Chase & Co.  I would recommend scheduling Nicholas for an interview.   I did relay to him that we would contact him within a week.  I will again call the other candidates.  JMF 
   John, The outage requested for Friday has been approved by Kevin Presto.      I am glad to hear that the demin tank situation has been resolved. The meeting that I attended was helpful in understanding your level of frustration.  If you have further questions,  please let me know.  John Forney 
  Greetings:  For tonight,   Frontera is long 85mw's hour ending 2300.    We need to sell this under the Teco Services book.   For tomorrow Frontera needs to sell:  hour ending  4 - 30 mw's hour ending 5 -30 mw's Enter a purchase from Frontera (Teco services book) enter the same price as you sold for. Enter the sale (Teco Services).  I am also selling Frontera 200 mw's for hour ending 7 and 50 mw's hour ending 8. I am selling this position for $26.04.       I will be short the Imbalance price during this time. If you can buy below $26.04 for this time period,  do so and schedule to load  in the South.  I am long into the North Zone as follows : he 1-6,    40 mw's he 23&24,   55mw's  I am long under deal #834600 If prices appear to weaken,  sell these mw's for 1-6 and cut this Ercot Imbalance deal by same.    This deals should be listed under Ercot Asset.   Thanks, JMF 
   I have sold Frontera the following:  he 7 - 200 mw for $26.04 he 8 - 50 mw for $26.04   Please transfer this imbalance amount to me.    See deal no's   835119 & 835120.   Thanks, JMF 
  TJ: Can we create an inbox folder for Joe?   I need to leave something for him tonight and I promised that it would be in his inbox (which he doesnt have)  Thanks,  JMF 
 Yes, I would like that very much.   Please give me a call at 3-7160 JMF 
   I have spoken with Ruben this morning.    He is currently working in Structuring for Sempra,  focusing on the Ercot retail market.    Additionally,  he has worked for the California PX.    This and his educational background would have me recommend scheduling an interview with this applicant.   JFORNEY 
 thanks,   tell these guys to trade it up! 
    http://mospublic.ercot.com/ercot/jsp/balancing_services_mcp.jsp   This is the public Ercot ISO site.    You can query for prices.    We have an internal site,  the East Power Portal site,  which has a section for Price and Load. This scrapes info from the Ercot website.   I would think that you need special access to use the link below.   http://eastpower.test.corp.enron.com/portal/basic_page.aspx?mod=35&url=/portal/modules/regions/ercot/priceload.aspx   JMF 
 A reminder,   I am 55 mws long for hours 23 & 24 today.   This has been scheduled into the North Zone.    If you sell make sure that you cut the Enpower deal and make the appropriate entries in the Portal.   Enpwr deal   834600   is the sale to North Zone.   The Ercot Asset desk is long 5 mw's  for the offpeak hours at $9.20.   The  Enpwr deal number is #836534 If you sell hours 1-6,  cut this sale to Ercot Imbal and replace with the appropriate counterparty under Hourly Ercot book.    We will leave   Additionally,   Frontera needs to sell the following:  hour ending 4 - 30 mw's he 5 - 30 mws he 6 - 85 mw's Put these purchases/ sales in the Teco Services book.  I have sold them the power swap where I sell them 100 mw for 7&8 ($25).    I then pay the pool price.    If prices somehow appear that they will be greater than $25 for these hours,  please cover and schedule to the South Zone    The Swap went very well today,  since we had a physical position:  Although the physical may lose $1500,  the financial swap will make $17,000.  Here's how it works: When you buy balday,   you buy fixed ($30) and sell floating (Ercot Pool) Today I sold fixed ( $37) and bought floating.  The floating components cancel and we are left with a $7 margin.   Call if you have questions. JMF 
 i have zeroed this price out.   thanks  jmf 
   Save the file attached below to your desktop.    You can just click and drag.  You can view the data by interval or by hourly average.     Make sure that the dates are in the following: 10/25/01 10/26/01  To view today (10/25) make sure the ending date is tomorrow to pull in he 2400.   The purpose of this toy is to paint certain blocks,  ie 14-22 and get an average in the excel format.   I have found this to be a quick and easy to use tool. I used a similar tool in the California pool.    For example,  take yesterday and compare to today, same period.   Factor in weather,  unit outages, etc.  This should give you a general idea of where prices should be for these hours.  Let me know your feedback.  JMF 
 I am discussing this with Cara at Tenaska.   She is going to send more support for this. JMF 
   Sell hour ending 6 only- 30 mw's for Frontera tomorrow.   DO NOT GO TO THE POOL . If you cannot sell the mw's for a reasonable price ($0 or greater) and the pool appears to be going to a negative,   call Jerry and wake him up.   Have him ramp up starting he 7. Try to sell tonite if possible,  so we wont have to wake them up.  I have sold the swap to Frontera for tomorrow.  They will be short the following hours:  he 7 - 370 he 8 - 265 he 9 - 200 he 10 - 50  I have sold the swap to them at $24.50.   I sell fixed and buy floating.       If you think that the pool will be high,  then you buy fixed and take to the pool. You will buy fixed and sell floating.    Net,  we are left with two fixed prices.  Very cool.  Ercot will be calling due to the ACE issue.   The plant will be coming up slowly.  Call if you have questions,  JMF 
   Frontera is scheduled to generate a total of 400 mw's onpeak.    There may be an ace issue for hours ending 7-10.   We suspect that Ercot will want us to stay down due to price/lack of load. Check with Real Time trader.  Thanks,.  JForney 
 Please note that when we will receive a unit specific instruction,   we will also receive a category one deployment. The unit specific instruction tells us the level that they want the unit to produce.    The category one is just a summary of how much we need to move to achieve the unit specific level.   These should not be combined .  Also,  when you receive a category 2, 3 or 4 we are essentially receiving an OOM type instruction that is settled under the OOM provisions.  JMF 
 Yes,  Joe Capasso does report to me.  Thanks, JMF 
   Thanks for the info for the additional load.      As I understand it,  we now have approximately 20 mw's in the South.  This is great!! Each day I review balancing energy prices vs.  daily prices and the choice is extremely simple:    We allow the pool to fill this load.  I would recommend against buying any hedges against this power until further.     There is a good chance that prices occasionally go negative for offpeak/weekends and we want to take full advantage.  Do we need to discuss this further?   I just want to be on the same page. Let me know what you think.  JMF 
 I will be attending a funeral tomorrow,  but I am available to meet on Tuesday.    Thank you for checking back with me.  JMF 
 it's a power thang.....  JMF 
 Kim, I need to speak with you at your earliest convenience.    Please call me at 3-7160.   Thanks, JMF 
 Jim Flores - did he also work in Finance?   I dont remember him...  JMF 
 Stewie, How is it going with baby Wolf?   I want to make sure everything is ok before I call him.        Done any good deals lately? At least tell me about hiking.  JMF 
 Thanks for handling this!  JMF 
   Jerry,  please see the attached:  JMF 
 I have relocated from the West Desk in Portland Oregon and have been advised by our Legal Dept.   that I should not delete any e-mails until further notice.  Please advise.  JMForney 
 Kim, I'm sorry I did not get to come to your open house.    I got the message on the day of the party and I forgot to RSVP that I couldnt attend. I am a jackass,  but you knew that already...................... Hope all went well.    How's the new job?  JMF 
 Frank, I am interested in speaking with you further concerning investment opportunities.     Although you mentioned that  the $1,800  (the amount in my account) is a small sum,  I have been reluctant to invest more money with your firm,   given to performance of the suggestions provided previously. I have been a market maker in the electricity business and I realize that no one is right all of the time;    I dont expect this.      However,   I do expect some consistent contact from a broker  who has been successful in his own trading, not just success in brokering trades.      My view will be that the more success we have,  the more money I will be willing to invest.  I am interested in discussing my specific financial situation with you  and learning more about you, your track record and your abilities. I do wish to talk about covered calls on specific options that I have expiring in January.    I would also like to discuss any other profitable ideas that fit my profile.  I will not use your suggestions to trade at  discount brokerage or otherwise abuse our potential relationship.   I look forward to hearing from you.  John M Forney 713-853-7160 
 Thanks for listening  on last week's phone call.       I have been asked to help Doug Gilbert-Smith get Ercot off of the ground as far as Services and Hourly trading is concerned.     If you have not  heard,   the Entergy and TVA cash trading positions will now be manned by one trader who will also trade the term markets.        This will give the traders the leverage needed to create value in these  respective regions.      My inexperience in the term  is the reason given for my implied demotion,   although these moves opened up cash trading opportunities for  other players.          This had been the first month that I've had  access to the prompt month and I am up nearly $500k;     there is no doubt in my mind that I was going to beat this region into a profitable proposition.  I have notified Presto that I would be joining Doug in Ercot,   but would be considering other options in Houston,  or even Portland.     I mentioned that I might call you and he has no problem with that.         The job in Houston may be a good opportunity,  however,   the environment here is not compatible with my personal and professional  goals.  I am looking for other opportunities,  preferably within the company.     If there are areas that you think might be a good match for my skill set,  let me know -   I would appreciate your consideration or suggestions.       You certainly are under no obligation to do this,   but I am confident that my track record will generate some interest within the company,   possibly on the retail side.  Thanks for your time,  J Forney 
 i have notified Presto that I will be looking internally.    i am talking to portland,   as they want me back.      i have been moved to the Texas region to supply the Texas Choice and EES customers on an hourly basis.     I would manage this desk and, once again ,   have an hourly crew,  much the same as I did in California.      That is not the job I signed up for when I moved 3,000 miles to Houston.      I have already been there,  done that and I am not  pleased about it so far,   but it will be allright.      If I did this job,   it would become a big success and then I would have to hear about how lucky I was.  I'll keep you posted......it's shit like this that keeps work interesting.  JMF 
 Thanks for checking -  very unhappy with the situation here.    Very unprofessional and juvenile atmosphere.     Looking to leave the company if something doesnt open up internally.  JMF 
 Joan, I left a message for you today concerning your e-mail.      Do you still need someone?     I would like to ask you some specific questions again,  so give me a call.      I am at 3-7160.  Thanks, JMF 
 Elizabeth, My name is John Forney and I am the new Electricity  Cash trader in the Entergy region,  reporting to Kevin Presto.         I received a letter agreement from Entergy that seeks to clarify the Entergy  "Into"  definition.   Rogers Herndon has relayed that we have tried to get them to transact under an EEI agreement,  where they have been willing to only operate under WSPP.    They are trying to get us to agree to use the WSPP contract with EEI  liquidated damages language. I need to meet with you on this issue.   Rogers is available to anwer questions on the background of this ,   if necessary.   Thanks, JMF 3-7160 
 I am interested in obtaining parking in the new Enron  parking garage.    I am currently in the Kellogg building.  Thanks,  John Forney Director,  East Power Trading 3-7160 
 Bryan, please give me a call at 3-7160 to arrange meeting. 
   Please see the revised game plan for Monday.   Notice that hour ending 6 has been revised upward.  Thanks,  JMF 
 Things are going pretty well -  balance of month trading $43.75 in Entergy and it is going to be 90 degrees all of next week! I heard that PV is down and its 1,000 degrees in the desert -  you guys must be busy. Dave Ryan called for mild in the Northeast next week when Earthsat was preaching hot ........   did really well on that deal as I was short balmo  the Cinergy. He's the man (this week).  I saw Swerzbee and Motley at the K-derby.    That was a good time,  but it was bright sun and hot,  while we were wearing the traditional suit and tie. There was a trader at the party that weighed about 320.   He was wearing a black wool sportcoat and a khaki colored shirt.    He tried to take his coat off but strangers were dogging him about his sweat rings,  so he put it back on..........poor bastard.  Louisville Slugger factory and museum kicked ass.    They had all the original bats from Ty Cobb,  Babe Ruth, etc to current players. The have been custom making bats since like 1847.    Good trip -  see you there next year!  JMF 
 Chuck, Lee Dean with Primrose Oil called our West Desk to inquire about electricity service to their field in Texas.         His number is 940-322-1077. If you could pass this along to the appropriate salesperson,  I would appreciate it.    Thanks, JMF 
 Thanks for asking -   things are still pretty tough here, but  I determined to make it work.         I am a Director now - would your management be concerned about that?-  just curious.  JMF 
 Bill, I talked with Hans at the Autohaus and he relayed that the car was in good shape,  but did probably need a valve adjustment,  as you relayed.   Maybe also an oil leak fixed.     Also,   I asked him about the oil light and he seemed to think that the oil sensor needed replacing. The Porsche certainly requires more attention than most cars,  the clutch being a common and costly repair.  The exterior of the car is in fair condition.     Maybe a detail shop could tell me whether some of the scratches could be buffed out. I'm not sure if you have checked into painting while you had the car,  but you cant get it done inexpensively.  I am still interested in the car and I would like my wife to be able to take a look at it.     However,   I am leaving town tomorrow and wont be back until   Sunday.    Maybe we can meet then. If our discussions progress and you havent already sold or traded in the car,   I would like to have it checked out mechanically (at my cost)  and would like a detail shop to give me an assessment of what they could do with the finish. I realize the car is not perfect and it is eleven years old,  but it is a large investment.....  Thanks,  Bill for your time. My cell number is 713-412-7529.   JForney 
 Thanks for keeping me updated,  jackie! Seriously,   how are things going in the homeland?   Are you glad to be back?   Let me know what 's happening. I havent talked to brother Jimmy lately.   He is not answering his phone here. Say hello to the wife -  we never hear from anyone in Portland.  Knock em dead in your new job!  JMF 
 Bobby - How's it going in PDX?     Things very different here in this "market."    It is difficult to trade against monopoly power.      Book currently melting down,  however,  things are turning around.       Here;   nuke goes down,  very hot weather............. prices tank.     The transmission is controlled by utility rednecks who load up the capacity,   driving up prices,  and they release the capacity in mid trading,  crushing the dailies.    We cant buy transmission and hold it in this manner.       Pig forkers! Anyway,  I havent been accepted into the bubba club yet,   but I'm still trying.    Presto and the other traders call my region "Jimmy land,"  as most of the players are rednecks named Jimmy.  Hope the wife and Floyd are doing well.     Lot's of bad golf being played here!  Let me know when you are coming down - we will drink tequila at the Cadillac Bar.  JMF 
 John - How is business?   Things not as fun here as PDX. I am still in the market for a car and I have a strong candidate:    1990 Carrera 2 cabriolet.    It has 64k and the interior is flawless. The exterior has a couple of dings and some rock chips,  etc in the front.    The paint has some waterspots on the hood as well. The guy that owns it is a geek and never has waxed the car.     It may be possible to get these out by a detail shop.  Heres the kicker:   the guy is asking $27,500 negotiable.     I think I can get this for $24,500 or 25k.         It needs tires and one of the headlight lenses has a rock chip.   The car drives great.  Do you know of anything that I need to look out for with this particular model?   The engine is a 3.6 litre and it runs great.    Can a detail shop get out smudges and waterspots?   The blue book trade in on this vehicle in good condition is $24,000.   The retail is supposedly $33k. What am I missing here?  Thanks, JMF 
 Mikey, Please see the attached and tell me if I am smoking crack.      This calc would show me eating the difference between the purchase and sale prices,  although I have no position on this day.    You can go into the tab marked "May1."  Thanks, JMF 
 TJ, I need tickets to an Astros game  on May 18th.     We will be entertaining 7 people from Entergy and approx.   5 Enron people. Is there access to a box or,  at least,  blocks of seats together?  Thanks, JMF 
 I have purchased from Duke   100 mw's at $51  for flow into Entergy (see deal#591863) .       Duke is  transmitting this power through their capacity through SOCO.     In the event of TLR's,   we have the option of cutting this supply,   without booking out (deal was negotiated with Amar). If this happens,  of course  you need to fill the demand side and cut the purchase from Duke in enpower - see deal no. above.   The purchases  go in the ST SPP book.  Once again,  If RT has to intervene,  please make sure that Enpower is balanced with respect to ST SPP.     Also,   let me know immediately if there are problems with this or any other schedule that I have.  You guys are doing a good job.  JMF 
   We have purchased 65 mw's from Teco for hour ending 6 on Monday for $5.    This is scheduled into the North Zone. If prices dictate,   sell to another counterparty.      See deal no.  767454   Thanks, JMF 
 Judy, I was accidently included on the distribution list for the retirement announcement from Omaha.     My name is John Forney and my family is from Crete Nebraska.   My grandfather,   Lester Forney,   was a doctor in Lincoln.      Any relation,  as I dont hear our last name very often?  JForney Enron Power Trading 
 Kim, Can we meet around noon?  JMF 
 That would be fine - just give me a call and let me know when you can meet. JMF 
 You are down.  JMF 
 Hey, looks like I will be returning to Portland.    They want me back and it is a much better place to work.       HR is wanting me to consider other opportunities in Houston,  however.     They have one week to come up with something,  otherwise I'm outta here.  Other companies are paying ridiculous sums to experienced West traders (California experience). Thanks for considering me for your group and I'll keep you updated.  JMF 
  Kim, Thanks for spending time with me yesterday.   I have spoken with Tom May concerning what my status was.   I mentioned that my preference would be to return to Portland,  however,  I would be considering other options within the company for one week. My thought was that I need to relay this same message to Presto,  Doug and Lloyd.     I will communicate this today,  unless you have other ideas.  As discussed,  I have attached a copy of my resume.   It is getting kind of long,  but I havent really gotten a chance to "abbreviate."  Thanks again for helping, JMF 
  It looks like we will be moving back to Portland before summer starts.     The job didnt turn out as promised and I was put into a role that I didnt want. Oh well.    The Portland team still wants me and has offered 4 different roles to choose from. You cant beat that.  Anyway,  I will let you know how it turns out.  JMF 
 I will come by sometime after 8:30 am if that is okay.  Thanks! JMF 
  Congrats to you and your wife on your new arrival.     Hope she's a good sleeper.      Now at least you can field some different questions,  "how is the baby?"   versus "where is the baby?" But,  as Kim used to say,  "enough about you,   let's talk about me."   I spoke with Tim B again and he is agreeable to the idea of my return.    He mentioned that West has needs in Services,  Middle Mkt - SW and even Structuring.    I think that I would be a good fit in Mid Mkt,  as I could build upon my experience  and also learn as much of the structuring side as  possible.     Wherever I go,  I am ready to make an impact.  The HR department here in Houston wants me to entertain other opportunities within Houston and they have brought some things before me today.    I had also considered staying and building the Ercot business here,  as there is a huge need for leadership in this area.    However,   Real Time roles are very hard to shed around here and I am apprehensive about being a Commercial Director managing Real Time.   I have no doubt that I could make a huge difference here,  but a lot of time would have to be wasted defending the group and myself.  Anyway,  I wish we could sit down, have a beer and discuss,  but that's probably not practical.     Belden says to talk with you about the needs of the floor and get some idea where the ideal fit might be.  I know that you are out of the office,  but give me an e-mail when you get a chance.  Thanks, JMF 
 Amy, Hope everything is going well with you.   I dont know if Tim has talked with you, but I am considering returning to Portland. I am talking with Wolfe and Tim,  but I would like to keep things low key.    I know this all seems pretty weird,   but my situation has changed so drastically that I have some major,  immediate decisions to make.    Basically,   the East Desk wants me to build a team in Real Time,  similar to how we did it in Portland. Unfortunately,  that was not the job I agreed to take (always get it in writing - I never could).     Had I known that it was a similar position to what I had,  I never would have left.  Anyway,  Kim Melodick wants me to consider opportunities within Enron Houston and I have agreed to give her a week to see if a fit exists.   She is easy to work with and is being very helpful.    However,  I have expressed  to Kevin and Kim that my first preference would be to return to Portland.  I have given this some thought and believe that taking the Real Time position would not be a good move for me, given the atmosphere here. I would like to have a new perspective on this if you have time to converse.     I would appreciate any feedback that you can give me.  Thanks, JMF  I 
 correct 
  Bart, que paso,   juaro? Jeff passed on your e-mail.   Too bad about the beetles.   Is that the Taylor High School Mascot?   "Taylor,  home of the fighting beetles,"....  Go beetles! I think you are right about Ercot being difficult to set up,  but it just reemphasizes the need for you;    they need an organizer and this situation fits your strengths. Well,  enough about you,  let's talk about me.............. the Entergy gig was made more difficult,  as I received NO training in cash trading.     After a couple of months,  a coworker took me in and gave me some pointers on hedging,  which is especially important in my region.   The month of May was very profitable,  finally,  and things were coming together until..........  (Please keep this confidential) Presto called me in to tell me that I was moving to Ercot as Manager of the Real Time group,  his decision being final,  no negotiations.  (thanks for your understanding, bunghole). I had previously turned down several attempts to bring me back to Texas in this capacity and I expressed that I was less than happy with his decision. I think that Ercot will be busy and a worthwhile region to be involved with,  given that we have retail load to service,  etc.   However,   thats not the job that I agreed to move 3000 miles for.   I suspect other changes would ensue,  once I established this region.  So.     It looks like I will be returning to Portland.    We bought a new house here and are very happy with everything,  except my job (which is a huge thing). I may be working West Mid Mkt SW or doing something with the Service Desk.    I dont mind doing anything as long as it's productive. Anyway,  I was pissed in the beginning,  but I had to take time to digest this,  analyze the opportunity and make an informed unemotional decision. I am too deep in the (out of the money)   options to cut and run,  so it now boils down to where do I want to live.   There is interest outside of the company  in me,  but I am under contract.    I miss Portland and I think about it all the time.     I must be a mountain man at heart.  Well,  let me know if you have any thoughts on the above.   Once again,   I dont wish to have this get out to anyone on the West desk,  just yet. I heard that you did really well on your home sale.    That's awesome.    Maybe I can buy back my house and my boat.  (just kidding). I am actually more concerned about buying another boat than I am a house.   How is your housing in Taylor? I miss the beer in PDX, boating and the winter bowling.   It is freaking hot here in Texas!  Anyway,  keep kicking butt and keep those Texans in line!  JMF 
   Kim, My relo expenses have not been turned in as yet.    Do I turn those in to you?     I am due the closing costs, etc.  due to my move from Portland. Also,   Johnny Palmer was very pleasant to speak with.    I appreciate the effort that you have made in trying to generate interest in me from the inside. Johnny, however,   was not optimistic that he had anything available for a Director level position. I have been talking with Portland (Greg Wolfe,  Tim Belden,  and Amy Fitzpatrick)    If nothing opens up here by Wednesday,   I need to get out to the West and start training so that I can make some money for the company. I am still building,  staffing, & trading for the Ercot region,  but I am eager to go quickly if no one wants me in Houston.  Thanks!  JMF 
 Brett, Have heard that Platter was given trading responsibility on EOL for offpeak California and other markets.   I heard he has done an awesome job and Richter & the gang are really happy with him.    He is motivated and challenged,  which is what he needed. As far as timing,  I dont know yet.     Could be next week or next month.    I kind of wanted to work on the Ercot desk,  but not for Presto.  Anyway,  keep in touch you wino.  JMF 
 Kim, I spoke with Cammi Mursch with the outside relo company.   She said she is handling my account and I should send her my expenses for reimbursement. I think that this will take care of me.  Thanks, JMF 
   Linus,  check this out:  http://www.fishtexas.cc/   Go under Texas City and you can get some good webcam action, wind speed and direction.    Also,  you can call one of the bait camps and get directions.   JMF 
 The opportunity here has been enhanced;   in addition to Managing RT,   I would be managing all of the Service Assets in Texas.   This includes trading around a 500 mw plant,   serving EES and New Power Company loads,  and also the potential for managing a new 1500 mw full requirements deal. Of course,  I would have to have all of this in writing.      I would be working with the Texas Term trader to enhance my trading skills in order to effectively manage this position. This makes the offer more attractive,  but still I would be in Houston.      I am still apprehensive of the bait & switch exposure. What do you think? JMF 
   Please note that when you start/stop a schedule to or from the following control areas,  the listed static scheduling fee applies.  Reliant/HLP  - $49 TNMP  - $55 COA   -  $40 BEC  - $25   For example,  if we schedule for one hour from BEC>COA,   the one-time charge for scheduling alone would be a flat  $65.      Also applicable would be the per mw  line losses and the wheeling fee of $.22  . Please account for all such charges in the P&L report.  Thanks, JMF 
   Andrea,  Please see the attached spreadsheet for Friday.   All of the deals listed  have been moved to Teco Services for this day only.      We entered a buy (which is an estimate of the cost of gen)  and the appropriate sales.  We need to talk about how this gets reconciled.    I would like to know the detail of this transaction. I know that not everything has been discussed with this account,  so I would like to discuss it.  I am positive that I need to change all deals for over the weekend.   We had some length for this customer that was sold hourly.     I assume that everything from now on will be entered under Teco Services for this account. Can you think of any exceptions?  I will let you know when the weekend is complete.   Thanks, JMF 
  I still have a need for an Analyst within the group, preferably for a one year rotation. Thanks, JMF 
 comments (negative)  from Frank before the end of day?  I am willing to bet $5 Want some? JMF 
   Clinton, Due to the flood,  our phones rolled over to the Portland office on Saturday.    Geir Solberg sold hours 13-15,   230 mw's each hour to CSCS for $25. I have entered the deals today and they are as follows:  Frontera,  deal no.  644515,  entered under Teco Services book AEP deal no.  644529, also entered under Teco Services.  I dont know how the reconciliation of this Services book takes place.   I am working on some procedures and need some input.  Lets party,  JMF 
   Lloyd, Do I need to input security requests for this guy to get Enpower,  telephone,  etc?  JMF 
  IM SURE GLAD THAT THE CONCERT WAS CANCELLED BECAUSE I HAD THE WORST HANGOVER EVER. CHECK THESE ;PHOTOS OUT!  JMF 
   Was Tom pissed?  Whats up?  JMF 
   Juanster, Can I get a copy of your group's expectations?    I need to also discuss with you the duties of all the night guys.    As I understand it,     they  all pitch in to do confirms and they unofficially cross-train in other regions.     What about reconciliation reports - what is required?   What other reports need to be tied out -  the Sched Activity report vs. the P&L sheet?   JMF 
  Michael, we checked with Reliant personnel and they dont know anything abuot the fees that we discussed.     That's not suprising,  however. Does Reliant bill this directly or does the Ercot ISO bill this to us?     What is the reason for this fee?  Thanks, JMF 
   Hey Lloyd, As you know,  Joe and Steve spent a considerable amount of time here last weekend due to the flood.     I would think that some recognition would be in order.  How about a personal best of $500,  or a gift certificate,  etc.?  What do you think?   JMF 
 cool  jmf 
 Thanks - Good job in documentation  JMF 
 FYI  jmf 
   Please see the attached site.     The logon for this is:     ljester password is:  38zpzz  http://oasis.ercot-iso.com/index.html  You can copy existing Oasis requests or create new.  JMF 
   Here it is..  JMF 
 Okay,  so we now have a procedure.   I will broadcast to the group and see that it is implemented.   I still havent completed all of their discrepancy checkout. I have been working nights through the weekend and tonite.    I will address these on Tuesday. Clint will be helping me to resolve these and future issues.  Thanks, JMF 
   Stewie: I agreed to stay through the end of the year (February)  to get this project off of the ground.   What I get in return is the responsibilty of trading around our assets in Texas,  a 500 mw unit,  Frontera,  and a 100 mw heat rate call from the City of Austin.   I have asked that these responsibilities be officially committed to writing. It is too late in the year for me to move to Portland,  get out and make a contribution for the summer.    These guys are in terrible shape here,  and I am needed. I report to Lloyd Will,  who is a great guy.    I am working with Doug Gilbert-Smith,  who is the Ercot Term trader.   He has agreed to share some of his knowledge with me and I am spending time with the gen group to learn more about the steel.  I will be working with Miller and Smith (weeeeeelllll?) This was the best option for me at this time,  and also for the company.  I will be leaving the main office in February,  whether it is with Enron or not.   I would prefer to stay with the company,  as my options are worth zero at the moment. We still want to return to Portland,   but right now I am needed here.  Thanks for checking.    Let me know when you are coming down,   but dont bring your sweater.    Hope things are going well for you and your group. I'll give you a call later and tell you what's what.    (hey,  I never used to say  that - you were stereotyping).  Later, JMF 
 The turrrets are programmed in the order of personal preference.   However,  you can use someone's while they are gone. I will get you access to Watt's or Eric's.  Thanks, JMF 
 Juan, Check this out: JMF 
   We have four direct lines to the Ercot ISO that have been installed on each of your turrets.    As an ISO participant,  we are required to be staffed 24-7 to handle any request from the ISO concerning our generation, or to handle contingencies related to our preschedules.  If any of these lines should ring,  we need to be sure to pick it up.    Ercot  may just be testing our responsiveness,  or ,  they may have a specific question about the mock market that is taking place now.      Any questions that cannot be immediately answered should be relayed to Smith Day or myself.  We will be installing hardware soon that will receive generation instructions from the ISO.   For RT purposes,  this will be used for billing purposes.    Any action ordered by the ISO will also be communicated to the Control room simultaneously.   They will be responsible for the actual dispatch of the unit.  We will be announcing a meeting soon to describe our new Ercot world and to exchange ideas.    I would also like to have a session with the group to explain the logic behind the reports we are responsible and to explain how the whole floor works.    This can be a broad overview,  or we can drill down to specifics at your request.    Thanks for your attention.  JMF 
  Remember how bad T.A. reported that we all were on putting cuts into the system, enpower work,  reconciliation,  etc. ?  THESE GUYS DO NONE OF THAT - NO ONE EVEN KNOWS HOW.  Settlements is working hard,  but TA doesnt say a word to the RT traders here,  as it would be political suicide.     That's why she turned toward us. She is supposed to be our rep to the ISO,   and I talked to her,   explaining my expectations.   She was squirming  about saying that she or Rebecca wouldnt know the answers.   Im cool with that,  but cant you find out?   Everything is such a big struggle here.  Im not coming until February at the earliest.    I am an Oregonian. The freaking mosquitos are terrible now that the floodwaters have subsided.  I forgot about that bit of joy.  Later, JMf 
 They are members of the RT group,  so they will sit at the "rotating seat" of 3111f. They will have the same access as Steve Olinde, Joe Capasso,  etc.  Can we copy the profiles of existing team members? JMF 
 That's allright,  go ahead and cancel my order.  Thanks,  JMF 
  As you know, the Frontera status screen goes away at night,  as the flat screens are taken down.     You can find the same screen on the East Power Portal under Frontera Production Summary.  Save the attached  link if you dont have already.  http://eastpower.dev.corp.enron.com/portal/default.aspx   JMF 
 I mean 15 inches aiento tu coola.  JMF 
  Lloyd, Thanks for your help on this issue.   Sorry for the delayed response.    I think I have my facts somewhat straight,  but I am available to answer questions.   JMF 
  Just a quick note to acknowledge the great job that Geir Solberg did in helping our office out during Tropical storm Allison. Our phone lines, computers and cell phones were down.    Additionally,   we were short staffed due to floodwaters downtown.  One of our service customers,  Teco,  wanted to sell some test power in South Texas.   Geir was contacted via satellite phone. He sold 230 megawatts each hour to AEP.   He used the proper terminology unique to Ercot and sold the energy at a decent price. He maintained good,  detailed notes and was able to relay this information to me the following Monday. Most importantly,  this was a seamless transaction to the customer.  Again,  thanks for the help.  JMF 
 Whoa,  that is way too high for yesterday.   Please hold the presses before this gets billed to us.  JMF 
 Amy, I have elected to stay in Houston until at least February.  It is so late in the year,  that I may not be immediately effective in the West and I would have "lost" the first part of this year,  as I was training (myself). There is a huge need for me here and I am trying to do what's right for both E and myself.    To that end,   Lloyd Will has offered me an opportunity to trade around Enron's assets in Texas,   learning the term trading side of the business from Doug Gilbert-Smith. Both Doug and Lloyd know my circumstances and their proposal gets me the experience that I need,  while they get my experience in Services,  training & managing a team and making money in a pool type market, as exists in Texas.  These opportunities were presented to me only after I stated emphatically that I was returning to Portland.   I would still like to live in Portland as early as February.    I realize that a seat wont be held open for anyone,  and I will revisit this issue in Feb.  This compromise seems reasonable.   I have asked that this be committed to writing,  so I am editing what Lloyd has created concerning job responsibilities.  Additionally, most junior people are dissatisfied here and the bottom line reason:    they dont know how their job relates to the entire floor making money. This explanation to them and an acknowledement of their contribution will bring the ideas forth from the "back corner." The senior traders say aloud that they dont need anyone, and they will make their money with or without help.  A particular trader antagonizes until someone stands up to him,  then he has them sent home.     I think that there are three Real Timers at home at full pay right now.     One or two will be paid for two years, or so I'm told.   This type behavior is allowed as the trader makes a great amount of money for the company.   This is not an unusual occurence on trade floors,  but I will not be any part of it.  I am going to spend this time to try to make some difference in this culture.    If we dont get buy in from the top,  I will also be at risk of going home.    Some of these guys just dont get it.  There are, however,  many positives to staying here:  the guys I report to are like-minded concerning the above.   They are very competent and have a lot to teach & they are willing to teach.   I am excited about learning something new and also being able to lead a team.  Well,  thanks for listening to my sermon, sister Amy.   My wife and I miss Portland and will probably be back next year. Hopefully there will still be opportunity for me at that time.    If you have any thoughts or advice,  please share,  as I have alot of exposure this year, due to the move and subsequent reorg.  Later, JMF 
 Always up for coffee!  JMF 
 good thought,  I sent a separate e-mail to Tim Belden,  Greg Wolfe and Geir's supervisor Bill Williams III.  JMF 
  Chris,  I think we already discussed this issue but let me summarize what I think happened:  we were parking 50 mw's with COB.   We sold 50 to Reliant/HLP,  but the transmission got cut.    3 mw's flowed on Oasis 9337 to Reliant.    We show in the system that we are purchasing 50 mw's from COB and selling them 47. So,  I dont think that we needed to bookout 3 mw's with HLP.    They received 3 mw's from City of Bryan on deal #625291. You entered a bookout purchase on deal #625352.  Oasis also  shows that 3 mw's flowed on #9337.   So once again,  we have an extra purchase from HLP that we didnt need. Did you negotiate this with HLP? Is this what happened?  I'll talk to you about this tonight.  Thanks,  MW  JMF 
 que paso,  pawpaw  JMF 
 Lisa, I will be out of the office for one half day on Friday and a full day on Monday.   Can you list my Monday time as my floating holiday? I will obviously not be able to attend the meeting at 3pm,  but I am available by cell.  JMF 
  cool,  I can meet for coffee anytime.   Lunch is tough,  but I will keep in touch. Thanks, JMF 
  I have one half day of vacation tomorrow and I'm out on Monday.    As you can see, I am still a slacker. No, really  we havent been anywhere since we moved back in January.   we are going to Austin this weekend to play some golf. Houston is not that scenic,  so I'm heading out.  JMF 
 I am very interested and I will be available at any time for training. JMF 
   Hey, what's the latest in the service world?     I am working with Tom May on services in Ercot in addition to my Ercot ISO duties. How does the price cap crap work?    Does this have opportunity for us on the service side or does this kick us in the face?  JMF 
  Lloyd, Would it make sense to press our EES/West Point guys to a decision?    We should express that we want to hire internally,  however,  we do have external candidates that we are considering.  The Reliant guy,  Ryan Thomas,   was a good interview and seems to have something positive to prove.   I believe that HR has some specific questions that they wish us to ask regarding his employment at Reliant.  Also,   EES is petitioning Kevin for me to let Watt's go right now.    I have indicated to Terry Donavan that mid July would be preferable due to our being already short staffed.  Let me know your thoughts on this when you get the chance.    I will be out of the office for half day Friday and all day on Monday.  Thanks!  JMF 
 talking with bryan right now.  done before weekend. 
  Greetings - I have attached the most basic expectations for our group.   We have been spending a lot of time balancing the books lately, and the attached will relieve some of this, so we can focus on trading.   I will make sure that we receive balanced books from Day ahead trading/scheduling. Also,  make an effort to know why we run reports, etc.  so that you can make suggestions to streamline this operation.  I will provide more documented general procedures and will spend time with each of you on how to handle cuts in Enpower and Lotus Notes.  We have a good group and we will do well in the new market.    However,  this will take an extra effort from each of us. If you have questions about any of the expectations,   ask.    That is why we make the list.  Thanks, JMF 
   CHECK IT OUT.    IF YOU TRADE DAYS WITH ANYONE,  MAKE SURE THEY HAVE A SIMILAR SKILLSET. IE,  DONT TRADE WITH THE NEW GUY TO FILL A NIGHT SHIFT ALONE.  THANKS!  JMF 
 Thank you, JMF 
  Jerry, Please see the attached:    JMF 
   https://portal.ercot.com/PORTAL.ERCOT.COM:9999/hrnp$30000/PORTAL.ERCOT.COM:9999/Action/26011[portal]   JMF 
 Find the attached files and links:  http://wnahou-0001452/rocks/frameset_test.htm  http://oasis.ercot-iso.com/ 
 Yes I can.    I have already started working on this.   Chris Watts will help me get this sorted out ultimately. Sorry for the imbalance. You should see drastic improvement from our side effective immediately.   Have a good weekend.  JMF 
 Chris, I had tried to reconstruct Sunday the 24th based upon your notes,  but was unsuccessful.    I am going to need you to spend some time straightening this out.     Enpower is out of balance  and the books are as well. Risk management/Settlements wants this balanced,  as we cannot tie out with our customers.  We will probably need to restore Enpower to precut status,  then initiate the proper deal entry to handle the cuts that came in.  You mention inadvertancy in your Notes,  but I dont know the particulars of this problem.    I'm sure you are aware that every cut needs to be reflected in Enpower.     If you were in balance when you arrived for your shift,   then you should be in balance when you leave. The Real Time position manager is used to check whether this happened or not.  Give me a call to straighten this out.  JMF 
  Lloyd, This is the guy I was talking about last week.   Kevin seemed to think he would be good on the retail side.   I can answer any questions that may arise, or ,   I can put you in touch with Saji.  Thanks, JMF 
   Please see the attached list.    If you have questions,  please call.  Thanks,  JMF 
   NewPriceSheet.exe 
 https://portal.ercot.com/PORTAL.ERCOT.COM:9999/hrnp$30000/PORTAL.ERCOT.COM:9999/Action/26011[portal] 
  Alex, Please see the logon for the "traditional"  Ercot oasis listed below.   Use this login until the Ercot ISO is in effect.  JMF 
  You have been invited to attend a team building outing that is sponsored by the Service Desk.   Game time is usually around 7:05  pm and we  will be having drinks at Cabo around 5 pm.  I hope that you can make it.  Let me know by this Friday, June 6th, whether you will attend.  Thanks, Lets party  JMF 
   Joe, I need some help on the schedule for September 20th.   Steve Olinde is on vacation this day.   I intended to cover for him,  but I am now trading the dailies for Frontera.     I will not be able to cover the RT shift.  I know that you are working alot of days before then,  but I would appreciate your help.  Thanks,  JMF 
   We have created a quick quide to do QSE trades through the Ercot Portal.    This initial guide should get you started, however,  this is not a comprehensive handout that contemplates every situation.     I am asking you to read the rules and implement a trade using the Portal.    As you have noticed,   our counterparties have already started trading two hours out.       We will be trading paralell until the ISO rolls out for Friday.   This means that you will have to submit the "traditional" Ercot Oasis and also submit the QSE trade.    We must monitor to make sure that our counterparties have submitted their matching QSE trades, as well.   Otherwise we will be out of balance with Ercot.   A copy of our QSE quide will be in your inbox.     Make sure that you read/ study it and ASK QUESTIONS.   Thanks,  JMF 
 Chris, Good questions: 1. You are fine using Ercot System as the delivery opint until the Ercot ISO opens on July 20th.    Subsequent to that, we will enter the appropriate zone for each purchase or sale as West, North or South Zone.       If we wish to schedule mw's across a path,  ie South to North,  we will need to create an Ercot transmission deal to link south>north.     We do not actually do an Ercot Oasis, etc, to buy this transmission,  rather,  this is a way to reflect the desired pathing internally. Risk Management is creating this internal transmission counterparty for us.  I will let you know what it is called.  2.  The positions that we manage for Frontera/Teco Services should not be reflected in the P&L sheet, as we had been doing. My fault for not knowing the process as agreed to previously with Settlements & Risk Mgmt.    We are to keep these deals in the Services P&L sheet,  as Real Time has done for MDEA. The location for this spreadsheet is:  M:Eservices/applications/services  We will request access to this tool for everyone.  Thanks, JMF 
   Dave, its good to hear from you. We are in Houston and its hot!   My wife is doing great and we are still trying to get used to life in Houston. I am trading in Ercot region (Texas) and, of course,  Brett is now working at the ISO. MY WIFE AND I MISS PORTLAND Working in the main office isnt as much fun as working in Portland.    There is a good chance that I will return to PDX, as there are so many good people there and so much to do outdoors. So, tell me what you are doing now in Phoenix.    Everyone that I've met from SRP has been very nice,  (Perry,  John Sullivan,  etc.).   Hope you enjoy working there and all is well with your family.  JMF 
 Bobby, I came really, really close to coming back to Portland.    I was recently asked to help get the Ercot (TEXAS) region off of the ground by organizing,  training and motivating the Real Time group.   I declined initially, as I had previously turned this job down from Portland.    I came to Houston to trade cash.    Bait and Switch. Anyway,  I was looking to return to PDX to work in Mid Mkt or Services, wherever I could have an impact (positive impact, jackie). Once I expressed to Houston that my bags were packed, more opportunity presented itself;   I am going to get experience in managing our assets in Texas.   We have an agreement with Teco to manage a 480 mw combined cycle facility in South Texas.   We have some other interesting arrangements as well.  I will be working with Doug Gilbert-Smith, who is the term trader in Ercot.    Good, solid technical guy.   These guys are in a tight spot and due to the timing of all of this,  I agreed to finish the rest of the year in Houston and get this thing up and running.    Ercot is currently not short nor volatile.    Not much fun yet, we'll see how the pool works. I am working with Smith and Jeff Miller as well.  For all of its sound, fury and ego's the Houston office is actually disorganized and short on morale. My transition could have been handled better by a monkey man.      My gut tells me that if I stay with the company,  I will be moving back to Portland early next year if they will have me.  Let me know when you will be in town and I'll set up some golf and margaritas.   No boat anymore,  I'm bumming a ride with my friends.  Later, JMF 
  Dave, I should have been more specific;    Brett is working at the Ercot ISO,  near Austin Texas.    His e-mail address is below.   'bhunsucker@ercot.com'  Thanks, JMF 
  My desk is available for training purposes at night or weekends.    However,     I am missing my notebook and my tradelog. Frequently things are moved and I have a hard time finding such items as listed above.  If you use my desk and you need to move my notebook, etc.   then place them in my desk drawer or somewhere else that makes sense.  Thanks, JMF 
 You are done on those dates.   Thanks for being specific. Sorry that Johnny had not spoken with me,  but it will work out okay. It seemed like you were needing some additional days off in July?   Is that right?  Hope your training with Errigo went well this weekend.   JMF 
 This is good info to know. JMF 
 Smitty, I havent been aware that we were to be "on notice" and ready to submit practice schedules to ISO.    This is a great training opportun