 Dammit Jenkins, don't even joke about stuff like that!  If the market ever realized that I worked here, the stock would go down $10!!!  You think Lay is taking the first step toward Sec. Treas. in the new Bush admin???  That's the rumor I heard a month ago.  Hope all goes well for you in sunny hotlanta. Its 5 below zero here today so your whole Georgia good ole' boy lifestyle thing sounds pretty attractive.  AMF  DF 
 What a mess.  Keeping discovery at bay should, obviously, continue to be a very high priority for us.  Let me know if these strange events signal an increased likelihood that Gynberg will be able to pursue discovery.  Thanks. df   STACI HOLTZMAN 12/11/2000 09:06 AM 
 I don't see any immediate problem.  As long as the advertising didn't interfere with the effectiveness and efficiency of Hot Tap as a tool for satisfying our posting and notice obligations, FERC shouldn't care.  The revenue would be nonjurisdictional and would be treated as such in Northern's or TW's next rate case.  As to the "type of advertising," I can't think of a legal or regulatory reason we need to be picky, but we may want to exclude certain types of services that seem to rely heavily on internet advertising if you know what I mean.  DF 
 Pls give me a call. DF 
 pls print and hand to me.  DF 
 OK by me.  dF 
 Lee, I did get your draft.  Sorry I didn't get to it right away.  My comments are attached.  Please review and make sure I didn't exaggerate the obligation too much.  I agree that Stuart should take a look.  Thanks. DF 
 Looks good to me  wiht Tony's revision.  DF 
 This looks good to me.  Legal is still OK with this approach.  DF 
 I'm not sure if this is automatic or if you have to actually do something to make sure it happens, but either way, THANK YOU!  Flying on this flight stinks and it would be even worse in the back of the bus!!  DF 
 I agree with your concern but I've gotten comfortable that the pleading does a good job of finessing the issue.  Technically, you are right and PNM's service is neither "firm" or "interruptible."  It is my understanding that PNM  assigns priority based on a number of factors including whether the customer is a core customer or not, et cet.  I think that PNM is capable of determining on a contract by contract basis whether the capacity will be firm, even though the rate schedule may not say "firm."   Explaining all that complexity would make it unlikely that FERC would approve the rehearing. Nevertheless, I believe its accurate to say that we will only repackage as firm service the capacity that we buy from PNM and that they tell us is "firm."  I think the draft does that, without going throught the unhelpful detail on how PNM handles its own priority system.  If I misunderstand the facts or if anyone disagrees with this approach, lets talk about it.  DF 
 OK.  DF 
 Many apologies comrade!  By the way, "organization" is spelled with a "z" not an "s" in American English.  Or do you write in English American now?  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 What's up?  Did Rick fire you?  Or does he work for you now?  DF 
 FYI:  more O&M gymnastics, but so far no impact on law.  DF 
 Stan is now the president of Northern.  Dari, have you seen any changes to the org. charts etc. to reflect this?  DF 
 OK.  df 
 OK.  df 
 Optional.  (to this meeting, I mean!) df 
 for calendar.  thanks df 
 Did you all see the blurb in Sep. 29 gas daily on Williams' deal with PROS on a revenue management system?  May be useful to use with our management if there is anxiety about going forward.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Im big on togetherness, but if you'd rather do separate meetings I'm ok with that also.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Great to hear from you!  I'll forward this to the smart guys and see if they have any interest.  Let me know which pipes you'll interconnect with and we'll have a better sense of who else in the organization might be interested.  Kent and Morgan, when we get Tony's response on the interconnects, can you think it through from Florida's perspective also? Thanks.  DF 
 Eric, I think it would be good for you to join us for this meeting.  We're following up on some concerns that arose during the Conoco case about inadequate compliance with Enron document retention policies.  I'm not sure that this subject is within your turf down there, but your historical experience may be useful. 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 this answers when and where 
 please find out when/where this meeting is and get me in on it--also, is this attachment the same document that Tony sent me and I sent to you to print? thanks df 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 John, great to hear that you are still doing the Lord's work on this case! Sounds like you have things well in hand and that the appeal argument went well.  Good luck on this one and please let me know how it turns out--in fact, please send me a copy of the appellate decision when issued at this email address or by mail at 1111 S. 103d St. Omaha Nebraska, 68124.  Thanks. DF 
 Sorry, just got back from Houston and my duties require me to be in the big O for a few days.  Enerson and I were just talking about you on Friday--I'm forwarding this to him so he can take you out and feed you.  Hope all goes well.  Give me a ring if you have a few minutes and I'll give you the update on what's going on up here (dial 87-7449 in case you've forgotten how to dial us from world headquarters).  DF 
 Thanks Brian.  I'd delete ", oil and gas pipeline" and replace it with "utility" at the end of line 3 to make it a bit broader.  Also, I've run this by Lou and Dot for their input.  If they are OK, pls post it and email the final back to me.   Thanks.  df 
 Is it appropriate for a conference sponsor to use our name like this???  Th= ey've twisted our attendence into something approaching an endorsement.  Sh= ould we send a nasty letter?  df 
 Great.  I've put in a couple of minor changes--pls crank out a clean (non redlined) copy and email it back to me.  For now, lets take out the sentence indicating Sempra's agreement.  Also, delete the privilege header.  I want Georgetta to have a clean copy she can circulate internally in her shop.  In my cover email to her I'll suggest the sentence I'd like to be able to include.  MKM and others--please let me know if I'm good to go on sending this to Georgetta.  Thanks.  df 
 Hey, give me a number where Sandra can reach Merrilee--she got a lead from a friend on a Dis. 66 house.  DF 
 Did we ever look at that storage project up near Sacramento?  I think its called Lodi.  I heard today that El Paso may be close to buying it.  Why would they buy an intrastate, CPUC-regulated storage project??  Maybe to backstop their generation portfolio??  df 
 Thanks for the prompt info!!  I hope we can help this guy get his power plant built.  DF 
 no--golf's great!  df 
 Hey I'm watching your fair city on the tube--I suppose you are at the NCAA final.  I'm stuck down here in Houston again--been down here at least 3 days every week for a month.  Sandra digs it--at least I'm out of her face.  She was down here last week with me for 3 days looking at schools and houses with the 3 girls.  That car was full of bitching, whining and crying.  And the kids got a little cranky too.  Gonna come and visit us???  We'll probably move in August--bring your dad's pickup and you can help!  What a great time to move when its 200 degrees and the fire ants and poisonous lizards are in full frenzy.  Ugh.  We've gotta hook up with you guys before then.  We're out for Easter week, but we'll need a quick road trip eventually.  It would also be cool if you guys want to come down--Omaha would seem like Cancun after the winter you've had!  Take care dude. DF 
 I had the IT guys reschedule my outlook migration.  They should call you tues.  How about doing it wed night when I'm on a plane?  thanks df 
 pls follow up on this.  I can't remember if I've rsvpd or not. thanks.  df 
 Got lunch plans?  Lets talk about this at 12:30--my joint.  (I'll buy) df 
 Sounds like you guys are turning back into regular yankees!  I'm sure your = poor kids are freezing their butts off.  Tell them spring is just around th= e corner--and down the street a block or two.  We won't move until summer, = but I'm down at Planet Houston 3 days a week on average.  I'm pretty flexib= le so let me know if you can make it to OMA or HOU and feel free to rack ou= t with me in either place.  The OMA joint has more room and more chow in th= e frig, but I've got a rockin' bachelor pad apt. in downtown hou that ain't= bad either.  Give me a couple of days notice and I'll get 'Stros tickets a= t Enron Field.  We get paid in baseball tickets now since the stock options= are all worthless.  (but don't ask Egert or Carmany about that).  Good luc= k on the new gig--you always rag being 3d guy on 727s, but it sounds better= than being co-driver on the Airbus (i.e., the "Renault of the skies").  Al= l you have to do is make the friendly announcement about how long the fligh= t will be and then sit around listening to your 8 tracks.  Adios dude.  df = =20 
 Sorry, I read the other email first--you guys have me covered quite well.  I think the staff meeting formerly known as Mikes is on Tuesday Mar. 3, right Emily??  I didn't have anything on my calendar on the 12th.  Emily, you might want to send an email around reminding everyone of the Mar. 3 all-lawyers meeting and the secretary meeting just in case some people are assuming I'll schedule mine at different times.  Thanks all. 
 Lou--could you cover the Derrick meeting on the 12th if Dot is stuck on a hanging jury?    Again, I expect to be on the phone from Cal., but would like one of you guys on also in Houston in case of telecom screwups (which follow me whereever I go).  Thanks.  df 
 The Market Services bullets listed a capacity release deal between MUD and Oxy at 102% of max. rates.  Please let me know whatever we know about that deal--points, term, etc.  Very interesting.  DF 
 This sounds great--I take it that they are still seeking interconnects with us and El Paso, but it sounds like an FT agreement for most or all of their MDQ may be likely.  Super.  df 
 pls print for me--I can't access a printer.  thanks df 
 Are we still considering adding ETS-owned generation at one or more of the TW compressor stations in Arizona or NM?  In case that is still a possibility, let me pass on something we may want to follow up on.  I called an old law partner of mine from DC who is now in the generation development business this week to have lunch and catch up.  This guy says he has come up with a good formula for getting new generation built fast and cheap.  He's got an 80mw nameplate simple cycle project (two frame 6 turbines) under development in Utah that he started development on a month ago and is projected to go in service on July 1.  Pretty quick work compared to other projects I've seen.  Here's his racket:  1.  He gets used, first quality turbines that have been well maintained.  His Utah turbines are something like 2 year old GE units that he bought from Tokyo Electric (he said they had 4000 hours on them and were maintained in typical electric utility gold plated style).  He didn't say, but I suspect there is no warranty on the units.  Obviously, this isn't a bold new strategy, but this guy claims to have a good handle on available used equipment.  2.  His siting/permitting strategy is to use "brownfield" sites--i.e., existing industrial or utility infrastructure is there along with some existing air emissions sources.  His Utah site is at the Magnesium Corp. of America plant on the Great Salt Lake. Magcorp is an ex-client of mine and I know it is a huge emissions source and has no Nimby issues.  Our compressor sites, in contrast, are not major emissions sites but may have some other things in common with this strategy.  3.  Here's a mysterious one--he says the financing is backstopped by the site owner (Magcorp in his project, potentially us if we do a TW project) but the corporate structure he has designed results in the power plant being treated as a non-controlled, non-affiliated entity for air permitting purposes.  That means the power plant emissions are not treated as part of the same emissions source as the host/site.  I'm not sure how/whether this works in a TW scenario, but it might be worth looking at.  We'd need to make sure that any power plant deal we chase doesn't screw up the timetable on the RedRock expansion application at FERC.  MKM--if we could preserve the "separate source" concept for air permitting purposes, could we even start work on developing a power project soon or would we be better off to wait until we have a FERC certificate in hand??  Let me know if there is anything worth pursuing on this.  I'm having lunch with this guy on Mon. and will probably learn more.  The thing he is proudest of is that given the low permitting cost and relatively cheap cost of installed capacity, the project is expected to pay for itself in TWO MONTHS and then generate 100% upside.  Sounds good to me if its real.  DF 
 That's a better idea.  df 
 This may be a good idea, but lets not forget that BP is the entity formerly known as "BP Amoco" which, if I'm not mistaken, is the home of Jeff Hooligan.  That guy sees evil in every pipeline deal,a nd may not have even known that his commercial people were doing deals with TW.  I'd like to think that the commercial people at BP have more clout than Hooligan and Kathy Edwards, but I wouldn't bet the ranch on that.  df 
 I've asked Fran to reschedule this--sorry.  df 
 Yes, lets continue to have the pre-meetings formerly known as Mike's every Mon. at 8:30 (pls put on my calendar Emily).  I'll be in Houston this Monday so just come to my office at 8:30 if you are both here.  Dot, pls cover the staff meeting on Monday, April 9 as I'll be on vacation.  Also, pls cover the Derrick large GC meeting at 9:00 am on April 12 as I'll be at NN's Keyex meeting in Cal.  (I may be able to call in to this but would like you to cover anyway in case something goes haywire). Thanks df 
 I had a prior obligation at lunch on Mon.  We need to reschedule the Leadership Dev. mtg.  Fran, could you work with Emily and find a time?  Sorry, I know I've disrupted this twice n ow!  I'm good for lunch on Wed if that would work for everyone.  df 
 Here are the stray facts I mentioned: Sulfur River system:  1200 miles of gathering in East Texas and some treating/processing approx. 170 mmcf/d of throughput currently; significant growth expected from new drilling [?] EBITDA:  $40mm/yr Rex Kouri (sp?) is the founding equity in Sulfur River  (I haven't heard of him, but they acted like I should have) An outfit named "Energy Spectrum" put $30 mm in equity into Sulfur River a few years ago and thinks now would be a good time to cash out $90 mm in debt $1/mmbtu gath/proc. margins The guys I talked to said the Sulfur River assets, coupled with the Koch upstream assets in the area, would make an interesting combined play. Koch was asking $200 mil. for their gathering assets a year ago or so--I don't know if its the exact set of assets that Pat and Jerry were suggesting we'd want to include in the package.  The two guys involved are Pat Keeley, of Friedman Billings and Ramsay in DC and Jerry Langdon (the ex-FERC Commissioner), who is an investor/dealmaker.  Let me know if you want me to get these guys to come in and pitch this deal to you/your team.  Reminder--Langdon is talking to Stan on the 10th on EOTT and he may bug Stan about this stuff, so it may be good to get to Stan first.  DF 
 pls get the Quarter Forecast Meeting on my schedule.  thanks df 
 OK.  DF 
 the bid/asked spread narrows as you go out in time also--weird.  I'll come down and grab you guys in a minute as I have a few questions.  Thanks.  DF 
 Hey--were still coming out next Sat.  Are you guys available for dinner on Sat, , April 7????  I can't remember where we aare gonna be staying, but we could meet you somewhere.  Let me know.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 I could see accruing $100,000 for legal fees on the ONeOk arbitration--which will be concluded in May.  We could also reserve against OneOk's counterclaim--which is about $4 million.  We expect a final arbitration decision 15 days after close of the hearing which should be well within the 2d quarter.  We may decide to use post-hearing briefs, however, which might push the decision into the third quarter.  Let me know if either of these is worth pursuing.  DF 
 Tell him I'm already migrated to Windows 2000, but that they just havent' put outlook on it yet. Maybe that will help.  df 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 pls print for me.  thanks df 
 Great.  DF 
 Thanks Jean!  Emily--sounds like it will happen soon.  DF 
 Congratulations Adam, and welcome to ETS to both of you!!  You guys may not have heard this, but Mike Moran is retiring and I'm taking over for him as general counsel of the ETS organization.  Does this all mean that I'm your lawyer again just like in the old Zond days???  Weird.  Good luck and best wishes!  DF 
 I will be at Derrick's meeting in San Anton. all day (but would rather be at Dot's!)  DF 
 I've redlined the outline to address what I believe is the most important risk you guys will face out there:  the risk that FERC will listen to your presentation and conclude that the embedded optionality that some pipelines are currently offering in transport contracts is a negotiated term and condition and therefore must be stopped.  I think we need to tailor the presentation and filing to minimize the chance that FERC will take away flexibility we think we now have (i.e., the flexibility to embed shipper puts in transport contracts).   Even if the TW approach on unbundled options goes nowhere, several of the strategies we may want to implement next year depend on continued ability to sell embedded options.   Susan, Shelley,a nd MKM, I still think it is a good idea to push this proposal, but am concerned that FERC might squirrel and go the opposite direction we are trying to push them.  Your thoughts?  DF 
 for my schedule 
 Sorry to take so long--Denise Lagesse of our group has graciously volunteered to represent us on this effort.  Please call me directly if you need my input or if I can do anything else to help.  Thanks Denise.  df 
 Please forward this to all ETS lawyers.  DF  All:  Please take a look at this article.  El Paso's inartful internal documents are creating the same kind of fun for them that Microsoft had during the recent antitrust unpleasantness.  I know that we can't control the way people think about issues such as market behavior, price strategy, etc.  We can, however, remind ourselves and our clients to be very precise and careful in the way we talk about, and particularly, write about, such issues.  I'd like each of us and our clients to keep problems like El Paso's and Microsoft's in mind when we put pen to paper or fingers to keyboard.  Thanks.  df 
 Thanks--I appre ciate your willingness to help.  One thought Dot had is that it might make sense to use someone (i.e., Denise or Ja) who does the actual entry of payables into SAP.  Do you do any of that stuff directly on SAP?  Stop by and grab me for a minute and we'll decide who to use for this.  df 
 I think we do say that in the "to the extent we didn't get binding bids for all of the capacity" sentence.  With that clarification, I think we ought to get this posted and the letters out to shippers.  Susan--make it so.  Thanks.  df 
 FYI.  Feel free to sit in so you have a better sense of what you might face  at the CPUC workshop on the 17th.  I'm not sure where we'll do this--probably either Shelley's or Steve's office.  DF 
 Here are my comments--I'd like to take out the stuff about the rate and any implication that we have flexible terms and conditions.  DF 
 Got any ideas on who would be the best person in our group to work on this?  Thanks.  df 
 Wow--softball questions.  Two thoughts:  1, should we be gentler on the "lack of takeaway capacity" issue?  Steve would know how to play this given Socal's position.  2,  Did McKinsey check with Enron before taking this assignment from Cal?  The lack of conflict of interest rules in the consultant world never ceases to amaze me.  That being said, McKinsey is probably the best outfit we could hope for to take this investigation over for Cal.  I'd like to be on the call to be sure our script for FERC on the neg. rate deals dovetails with what we tell these guys.  Let me know when the call will be.  We may know what the TW FERC order says before this conversation with McKinsey happens so lets talk again before the call.  Thanks.  df 
 Good--the "to the extent that" phrase is appropriately ambiguous on what actually happened--should make Harris happy.  DF 
 Good idea--its good to get Martha out of town now and then so the rest of us can get some rest!  DF 
 Thanks--I'll pass that info on to the employment guys.  df 
 That is unclear at this time--I'll consider this and as I'm not moving for awhile, this may be the easy fix.  Thanks. df 
 I need an extension--I'll give you any comments I have tomorrow by email.  = If I have any feel free to blame me for slowing down the process!=20 
 Thanks Bill--see my other email.  We'll let them suggest a name.  df 
 Thanks Ann--I won't move until Summer, but am aware of this issue (Mike Moran reminded me that an Omaha replacement needs to be found).  I've asked our paralegal Bill Brown to help find likely suspects but if you have an idea let me know what we need to do.  Thanks.  df 
 The author was obviously not aware that the Enron pipelines pride themselves in having standardized our "operational nuisances" !!  df 
 I'm good with it, but have one question.  In par. 2, does the reference to Sec. 13 of the tariff incorporate the lottery method?  I think that's what we are getting at with that reference and I'm ok with it, but I just wanted to confirm that's what we meant.  Thanks. df 
 I'm going down Sunday night--which flight are you on?  df 
 Yes--that would be great.  Please remind me what changes need to be made--removing mike from the operating company officer slates, etc.  I guess.  df 
 Congrats big guy!  I look forward to showing you the sights in the Big O. Since that will only take about 10 minutes, we'll have plenty time to go out for a beer afterwords!  DF 
 Maria, I won't have a chance to look at this until Friday--pls take a look and get back to Bill.  Grab me if you hav3e any questions.  df 
 Please draft up some language that can be added to this policy to satisfy Mike's concern.  Run it by me and we'll send it to Rod.  Thanks df 
 Great--Martha, pls get me in here for next wk.  I'll be down in Hou all wk I think.  I would like to see what else is available, so why don't you give me a call on Monday afternoon in Houston and we'll figure out when would work to take a look.  Thanks.  DF  (Martha--ignore my earlier email on this subject) 
 Lets talk tomorrow about the whole basket of TW issues, including this one.  thanks. df 
 Did our HR guys get the apartment lined up for me yet?  I'd like to get that available for my trip to Houston next wk.    DF 
 I got your message and understand you can't get all of us and Steve Harris in a meeting before Friday.  Lets do it this way:  I'll call Maria and MKM tomorrow am to discuss what we have learned so far and I'll grab Steve separately to update him.  No need for all of us in one meeting.  Thanks for trying.  df 
 thanks df 
 pls print this email also.  thanks df 
 pls print with emails.  thanks df 
 Would it make sense to have Lee and Bill follow up on this?  I don't know what's involved but hopefully not much.  Lee and Bill, absent contrary guidance from Lou, please handle this.  Thanks. df 
 Congratulations on your new responsibilities.  I look forward to working with you on the Litigation Unit stuff (as Eric will advise you, a very pleasant task!).  DF 
 pls print this for me with the cover memo.  thanks. df 
 Please let him know I'll try to call her on Thur. PM.  thanks.  df 
 Thanks Ranelle!  As for the marketing folks, one benefit is I'll be down there riding shotgun on those TW guys!  df 
 Yes he did, and i'm good with you starting full time down there next wk.  Maria and I have talked about it also.  df 
 Pls print for me--Mike, thanks for offering me a copy but I had it on the computer after all.  Thanks.  df 
 COOL!  I didn't know you guys were that far down the road on this project.  Congratulations and best wishes for further success!  DF 
 Could one of you guys get me rsvp'd for this please?  I don't need any CLE = credit.  Thanks df 
 Count me in!  df 
 pls print.  t hanks df 
 Porter and the whole gang called me while you were at lunch MKM.  I'll give you a full report when I get off this conf. call but short answer is they don't want to meet next wk and want us to provide a bunch more info and then meet.  DF 
 Some of you may have seen the article in the WSJ already, but for those of us in Omaha (who don't typically get the Texas Edition) it was news to us.  Not only is the article relevant because it apparently caused the stock to dip by $10, but the article elaborates on concerns that apply to a form of accounting that some of our commercial people would like to have apply to our business.  I'm not sure the accounting rules would permit mark to market treatment for transport or storage contracts, but it may be appropriate for financial or commodity deals.  DF 
 Hell yes we're coming out!!  Especially now that I know the job market is so good!  I'll give you a call to confirm details (I don't think I've actually talked to you in a couple of years!)  By the way, we're moving to Houston--my boss up and quit and since no one else wanted his job they gave it to me.  Cool.  df 
 Hey, great talking to you.  I appreciate your willingness to talk to David = about the DOE situation.  He's a great guy and one of the best substantive = lawyers I've met.  Short bio--U. of Missouri undergrad, Northwestern law sc= hool.  He was a staffer after law school on the House or Senate Ag committe= e--I can't remember which.  Big time federalist society member and knows al= l those ultra-right winger types.  He was my partner at Wiley Rein and Fiel= ding and was the right hand man of Dick Wiley and Fred Fielding among the y= ounger partners--kind of an enforcer, future executive committee type (he k= ept me from getting fired a couple of times--I'm sure he regrets that now).= Dave wasn't an energy lawyer originally, but did a lot of work on my clie= nt stuff and took over my natural gas clients after I left Wiley.  He also = did a lot of electric restructuring stuff (he was one of the lead lawyers f= or Penn. Power and Light and United Illuminating on the Order 888 complianc= e filings and Nepool and PJM Power Pool open access restructurings).   He's= a Missouri native and got tired of the DC law firm rat race and moved to K= C.  Currently a partner at Blackwell Sanders Peper Martin--does a lot of Ut= ilicorp/Aquila stuff as you'd expect.  Dave's direct dial at work is 816-98= 3-8385 and his home number is 816-407-9026. =20  Mark--anything you can do to give this guy a sense of what life is like at = DOE would be great.  I'm not sure how seriously Dave is being considered fo= r the DOE Dep. GC spot, but I know that Fred Fielding and Dick Wiley have d= one some pushing on his behalf.  It may be that a call from you to someone = out there might put him over the hump.  I'll leave that for you and he to d= iscuss.  Thanks and good luck with your various adventures!  df 
 I would have jumped yesterday but couldn't figure out how to get my window open.  Since I'm on the 7th floor and the snowdrift goes up to the 4th, it wouldn't have done much good anyway.  Know of any good part time jobs--I need to supplement the ole' retirement plan!  df 
 pls print  thanks df 
 Barbara:  in case my voice mails didn't make sense, see the final section of Shelley's paper on valuation.  ETS is working through INGAA to push in a direction that is inconsistent with where Paul and Mark were hoping BLM will go.  DF 
 Pls route Mary Kay and I on the next draft of the policy.  Rod mentioned this morning that a new version would be coming out soon.  Thanks df 
 Pheasantsrus???  What a great email address!  I'll hang on to us in case ole' Jim sells us down the river for next year!  Talk to you.  df 
 Thanks Lynn!  I'm sure we'll see a lot more of each other!  df 
 Are we all on the same page that this is OK?  Is MKM's group good on it?  (I didn't see anyone from her group listed on the distribution). DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Sounds tempting, but I'm otherwise committed.  DF 
 Thanks to all of you for the kind words and very thoughtful flowers and wine!  We enjoyed both as we watched our 27th snowstorm of the year this weekend.  (Houston's looking better and better with each blizzard).  DF 
 I think it looks good.  df 
 could you please fill out all my junk on htis.  thankss df 
 THANKS!  I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR SOMEONE TO JUMP ME ON THE APRIL 1 DEAL BUT YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE SO FAR!!!!!  ITS NOT LIKE PEOPLE TO PASS UP A FREE SHOT AT A LAWYER!  DF 
 Thanks for the very kind voice mail, Joe!  Sandra and I are really excited about the move and I'm sure the kids will be eager for another visit!  See you soon.  df 
 Thanks Craig!  I'll look forward to seeing your smilin' face more frequently!  [Actually that will be tough since I currently see it at least twice a day on a life size billboard in the Omaha office lobby!!]  df 
 remind me to call Mike and see if I need to be at thsi.  I don't think so but I'll let him make the call.  df 
 A couple of additional thoughts on this morning's conversation:=20 =20 1.  if we really think the next 6 or 8 months will sort out the takeaway an= d receipt point capacity issues, why not bet the whole farm and try to hold= onto the whole 150 mm/d until next winter or fall and see if the perceived= value goes up?  We could tell Calpine "no" on their bid and hold them off = for several months "negotiating" if that's what we thought would lead to th= e best value.  I don't personally think this would be a prudent approach, b= ut its where our logic leads in the extreme, so we'd better be prepared to = explain why getting the bird in the hand from Calpine is smart. =20  2.  We'll research the question of whether we can reject any recourse bids = that come in over the next 6-8 months if we decide to hold onto the 60 mm/d= for awhile.  I've thought about it a bit more and I'm pretty sure you're n= ot going to like the answer.  First, FERC says we've got to have a recourse= rate in place for all capacity, new or old.  One reason is that there need= s to be a max rate that applies to long term capacity releases.  We have th= e option on new projects to go with the existing max tariff rate or a new i= ncrementally designed rate.  We are going with the existing tariff rate on = RedRock.  Fine, but that makes the existing rate the recourse rate for all = purposes.  FERC's logic will be that TW could sell all of the RedRock capac= ity at recourse rates (currently $.38) and never suffer a revenue shortfall= even if future rate cases reduce TW's overall rates, because the costs of = all TW's facilities--including the new project--will be considered in the n= ext rate case.  Think about it--our rates will only go down in the future i= f the ENTIRE cost of service goes down.  We'd never "lose money" on RedRock= , but we might not make as much as we could have made with an 15 year fixed= $.38 negotiated rate.  There is another  approach.  We could have Mavrix submit a binding bid righ= t now for the 60 mm/d and just flat out sell it to them.  That would send a= pretty strong signal to the market that we are serious about deadlines.  T= he downside of that aggressive approach is that it would get us into the sa= me mess that El Paso finally got themselves out of, with Amoco, Dynegy and = the whole gang beating the crap out of us.  I'm not to fired up about this = approach for that reason.  I'll give you a call Monday after I've picked ou= r best regulatory brains on these issues.  DF 
 Well, I've gotten myself into a fine kettle of fish.  Got any advice on how to handle the new job?  (or is this like asking the one legged man how to avoid land mines?) 
 Here it is.  The format's a little screwed up, but what do you expect from me? 
 The last couple of meetings with Elaine have been full of surprises for all of us!  DF 
 Thanks Jeff!  One big benefit is that I'll be down here so I can keep a closer eye on you guys!  df 
 pls print.  thanks. 
 pls print.  df 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 no--I dont' get these so thanks for inviting me!  this one does sound good but unfortunately I'll be on my way to DC for the sla mtg.  thanks df 
 Thanks Bob--and you're right about winter!  df 
 pls print for me.  thanks  df =20 
 Thanks man!  Just for old time's sake, I'll drop by Pacific Springs and bounce a few off the ole' shack this summer! 
 Thanks!  DF 
 Thanks!  I'll keep the Nebraska plates for about a year just like you kept your Texas plates after you moved up north! 
 Per my voice mail yesterday--I'm getting more curious about what's going on with every garbled answer I get.  DF 
 Thanks LD!  I'm sure I'll be spending a bunch of time in both places!  DF 
 Thanks!  We are looking forward to it in a big way--mostly because its still winter up in the big O!  df 
 Sandra--nice of them!   df 
 Thanks Dana!  Maybe we'll be neighbors! df 
 Thanks Jim!  I'm looking forward to the challenge!  df 
 Thanks Mike!  I'll miss it but I suspect I'll get back a lot to bother you guys!  df 
 Thanks Sharon!  df 
 Thanks Steve!  df 
 Thanks Dan!  df 
 Thanks!  I wouldn't miss it, even if I have to make it out of Texas armadillo!  df 
 Am I the only one who doesn't understand this answer?  DF 
 Thanks Bill!  As to replacing myself, this is a great opportunity to get someone in that spot that actually knows something!  If you have any ideas on people I should talk to please give me a call.  DF 
 Shit--I knew I forgot something!  My boss leaves for good on April one, so I'll be spending 3 or so days a wk in Hou starting now.  I'll be the VP and General Counsel of Enron Transportation Services, which is the division that runs all the pipelines.  Yeeha.  I agree about getting together--when you coming down to visit the sister in law?  Maybe we can run up to MPLS for a boondoggle.  Also, I'll be in DC the 22d and 23d of March--where are you?  DF 
 I got the call today.  Got the job.  I feel like the dog that caught the car--enjoyed the chase but don't know quite what to do with the car.  DF 
 Thanks!  I agree-lets stay offline on possible deals.  DF 
 Approved.  DF 
 Man, I did sound a little testy--due to my own inability to remember which one of those stupid FERC acronyms is which.  df 
 Update on ski conditions on the western front--doesn't sound bad at all!  Glad you're coming up man!  DF 
 Pls get on cips rims or whatever the hell it is and get Kern's max tariff rate for FT.  I'm getting convinced that the Kern neg. rate deal will feature prominantly in our defense.  DF 
 pls put on my calendar.  df 
 Thanks.  DF 
 I'll be unavailable--sorry.  DF 
 Acapulco.  You guys are weak.  I take my wife to South Dakota for vacation and you losers boondoggle in sunny Mexico.  I guess its necessary since you will have snow on the ground until June!  Yours in jealousy, DF 
 do we have a date for interviewing Tim Mccarty yet?  Did I send him a letter?  df 
 Approved.  DF 
 Julia and Steve--here are some questions I've sent to Darrell on the TW Cal. border line pack sales.  I'd like him to pull in the right people to get me the answers so we will be prepared if we need to explain these events.  Darrell--I thought I'd better let your bosses know that I've been putting more stuff on your already full plate.  Thanks all.  DF 
 I haven't seen a contract yet on the original 33,000 on TW but Susan thought the deal was going to be done--she's checking to see where the holdup is.  On the El Paso capacity, Mavrix never submitted a bid.  I think the deadline got past us before we were ready.  df 
 In anticipation of potential litigation involving TW's operational activities, please prepare an analysis for me of the reasons for TW's sale of excess natural gas at the California border.  I am aware of several of these sales and have been  informed that excess pressure at the border is the basic reason for them.  I'd like a more specific explanation that includes the following information: 1.  What are the specific pressures and volume considerations that could make it operationally necessary to sell gas at the California border? 2.  What is the process that is followed to make such a determination? 3.  Which individuals or groups are involved in determining whether an operational sale is necessary? 4.  In what way have system operations changed since last year and how do those changes contribute to the increased frequency of such sales compared to previous years? 5. What alternatives to operational sales are considered before the decision to make a sale is reached?  Thanks for your attention to this request.  Please give me a call to discuss and please designate your response as "Privileged and Confidential, Attorney Client Privileged." 
 Got plans for lunch on  Wed. sep. 27th?  I'll be down and eager to chat.  DF 
 Here's one for you to chew on for awhile.  As we approach the transition to a new organizational structure in ET&S, let's rethink the role and competencies of the legal department.  I'd like each of you to answer the following questions and circulate your answers to me and each other.  To avoid having anyone's answers unduly influenced by anyone else's, please send your responses at 12 noon on Thursday.  No, this isn't being graded, and doesn't affect the PRC process or any other process.  I just want to get access to as much original thinking as possible.  1.  What is the ET&S law dept. currently best at?  (give one example).  2.  What is the ET&S law dept. currently worst at?  (give one example).  3.  Without regard for any past objectives, what should our top 3 objectives be?  (make these very specific--objectives like "We should manage legal and regulatory compliance and optimize shareholder value"  don't cut it).  Thanks for your responses.  DF 
 I heard there was an article in the WSJ a few days ago on Blockbuster and that mentioned the Enron deal--could you send it to me?  Thanks. dF 
 Dave, I've had a technical conference come up at FERC on the 20th in a matt= er=20 that I'm responsible for.  Bill strongly suggested that I go to DC.  Now, I= =20 may not be a rocket scientist, but I see pretty clearly the wisdom of=20 following Bill's advice.  I've let Mike Moran know and at Bill's suggestion= ,=20 asked him if he'd like a substitute to stand in for me (maybe Lou Soldano?)= . =20 Judging from the list of participants in this PRC, I assume I was partly an= =20 ET&S representative and partly a GPG law representative.   I note that ET&S= =20 is already pretty well represented with Neubauer,  Julia and Mike Nelson. = =20 Without me, there is noone from law, but our people have already been PRC'd= =20 anyway.  I'll leave it to you and Mike to decide if my spot needs to be=20 filled with someone from GPG law.  Sorry about this--just one more bit of= =20 evidence that I "have issues."  DF 
 Jean, I'm on the road in Houston and can't get into PEP.  It doesn't show up as an icon on the laptop when I get online throught the dial up program. Please let me know how to get into it as I've got about a hundred reviews to do and I'll be on the road constantly for a couple weeks.  Thanks. dF 
 I believe Allday is being deposed in Austin, which is still the capital of Texas, not the United States (although I understand that our next president is thinking about changing that!)  DF 
 I am advised that some of you have not exhibited the requisite amount of "pep."  For lawyers and paralegals, you need to pick your reviewers online if you haven't already done so.  5 or 6 would be sufficient althought the computer lets you pick up to 10.  For those of you who picked more than 5 or 6 I have reduced that number, based on my thoughts about which of your chosen reviewers have had the most direct contact with you and are most likely to give a thorough review.  Let me know if you think I really blew it.  For secretaries, the online stuff is optional.  If you don't use it, I will solicit input from the people you work with like I have in the past and consolidate it with my own comments on one form.   Thanks.  DF 
 Please join me in congratulating our colleagues on their promotions.  Dari Dornan, Maria Pavlou and Jim Talcott have been promoted to Senior Counsel III, effective June 1.  Additionally, Kathy Ringblom has been promoted to Senior Legal Assistant, also effective June 1.  Congratulations, Dari, Maria, Jim and Kathy and thank you for your motivation, enthusiasm, and consistently high quality work!  DF 
 Please send it to me--I'm not sure its a good fit in our dept., but I'll discuss with our group.  Thanks. DF 
 Are you on of this?  DF 
 I don't think I have this information.  Do you?  Lets talk.  Thanks. DF 
 Per our discussion at lunch, excellent memo.  I don't know if it will make= =20 John and Rockey feel any better, but the emphasis on results is exactly the= =20 right message. =20 
 As I mentioned in my voice mail, please check up on the signing bonus we agreed to pay Tony Pryor.  He didn't get it and we need to get that fixed asap.  I'll be at 37555 tomorrow and back in Omaha Monday.  If you learn something tomorrow and can't get ahold of me, please leave me a voice mail. Thanks.  DF 
 This list looks much better than the other one.  Please make sure that we are clear with the FERC people that this is a list of AA projects related to CWIP and not a list of everything under the sun that AA does for us.  I want to avoid any appearance that we misled the FERC people.  Thanks. DF 
 Lets talk about this--you or I probably have the most to add in a group like this, but Lee may be the right choice because she is in Houston.  Thanks.  DF 
 Can anyone remember if they worked on this last year?  I only remember that I didn't know what it was then and I still don't know what it is.   Thanks.  DF 
 Maria informed me that you left your shootin' irons in Texas when you moved up here.  What were you thinking?  I'm organizing a pheasant hunting trip in late October out in Western S. D.  Probably leave here Friday , Oct 27 and return Sun PM.  Any interest?  DF 
 pls make the changes from the hardcopy I gave you and forward the completed one to Dave Neubauer and me.,  Thanks DF 
 I haven't seen one in a while--please send me the current one.  We are so rarely on duty up here in Omaha that it isn't really worth doing for us!  DF   Peggy Phillips   09/18/2000 12:52 PM 
 Hey--how the hell are you?  Still having fun and living large in the big apple?  Things are great on the prarie--Huskers are No. 1 in the nation (I'm actually talking about college womens volleyball since I refuse to watch professional Husker football) and wife and small chicks are doing great.  As to SD firm, I've almost hired Lynn Jackson Schultz and LeBrun a couple of times and then ended up not needing them.  I think its the biggest firm in SD (big whoop)  and is pretty well thought of.  I went to college with a partner in their Sioux Falls office named Jon Sogn.  He's a commercial litigator and a pretty good guy.  Good luck and hope all goes well.  DF 
 pls remind me of this.  thanks df 
 Approved.  DF 
 Here is Dave's OBA calculation exhibit.  Please call to discuss at your convenience.  DF 
 Give me a call at your convenience and I'll give you a data dump.  DF 
 take a look and we'll send it to Greg.  DF 
 I think so--Martha, please get me into this gig.  Thanks DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Here is my suggested mark up (in bold) of Greg's paragraph.  I haven't sent it to him yet.  My tiering thing will follow shortly for your review.  Dari, please take a look and let me know if you have any heartburn about deleting Par. 7.   It is in the standard form OBA, but it is inconsistent with the new letter agreement.   DF 
 Great--am forwarding to Dave for his thoughts.  I'll talk to you when I get back. Marhta--pls print.  DF 
 Shoot, I'll be on my way to KC for KS Ad valorem.  Tony--pls cover for us. Thanks DF 
 I noted in the Finance and Accounting report that you guys are setting up a meeting with AA to talk about the draft risk management document that folks had been working on a year ago.  Please include Tony and I.   We had some questions and concerns that I have long since forgotten but will renew and talk to you about before the AA meeting.  Thanks. DF 
 Bummer--it would have been a hoot.  Drinking and guns go together like ham and eggs.  I'm in a meeting from 8:15 til 9 but then free for awhile--give me a buzz whenever its convenient. DF 
 Lou's right, I probably won't be able to help answer any questions, but I am happy to offer my insights on how to cut his budget.   DF 
 P.s., thanks for the offer on the duck lease--I may want to join you sometime!  DF 
 I'm inclined to agree that its not worth responding to.  They also argued that imbalances should not be dollar valued before netting and trading are available, but that strikes me as an industry wid e policy issue and not a TW specific issue.  Any other thoughts?  DF 
 Great--Texans know the difference between a dog and a bird.  Still unclear whether they recognize the distinction between a hen and a hun!!!  (Read John's email more carefully!)  Of course, at Pheasant Haven you can shoot both (and probably the dogs too) so the difference doesn't matter.  Kevin, I've been thinking about your original reqeust and may need to exercise the Legal Dept. veto.  These customers of yours are the same ones that can't drive a jet ski without paramedics around, right?  And now you want them wandering around Nebraska heavily armed???  What the hell are you thinking? DF 
 Awesome!  Tell Brother Dick that we're thinking about the camping deal--he's macho enough to groove on that.  Bummer about your dog rule--I was looking forward to sneezing all night.  DF 
 Damn.  I'm still in third place.  DF 
 You apparently didn't get this because my computer refuses to recognize your correct address.  Maybe this will work--I figured you'd want an opportunity to rebut.  Frank responded (through Deb Cappielo--he didn't have the guts to call himself) that he actually held the Gen. Couns. and Marketing VP jobs simultaneously for 3 months so I'm still way short of matching his record.DF 
 Here's the deal--I just talked to my guy out in Kennebec S.D. and got a glowing report on the situation.  His opening day group is down to 6 guys so he is only giving them access to half of his fields--we get first shot at the rest.  He's got so many pheasants he's worried about us limiting out to fast and getting mad.    I assured him that the way we all shoot that wouldn't be a problem. When:  Friday-Sunday, Oct. 27-29. Where:  Kenebec S.D.  (about 2 hours east of Rapid City, about 5 hours from Omaha) $$:   $75 per guy per day if we have at least 8 guys.   If we dwindle to less than 8, its $100 per guy.  (he will cut us some slack on this if some of you can only hunt 2 days.) Fish:  Walleye fish fry on Sat. PM included Lodging :  Super 8 in Chamberlain--about 30 miles away if the weather is cold, possible camping in Kennebec if people are up for it.  Super 8 is a lovely place:  motto is "Labs sleep free."  $100 per night, 4 guys per room+ $25/head/night.  So far, I think we've got 5 or 6 guys locked in solid. Another 6 or 8 have been invited but are obtaining spousal consent.   I'd like to get 10 locked in solid by end of Sept.  More than that would make the hunting a little clumsy.  Bay, my wife says you can't come because your new kid is due around this time.  What a lame excuse!!  You were there for the first 4, right? Doesn't a guy deserve a bye eventually?  If you guys have anyone else that's interested other than the folks that have already been invited, let me know as we may want to invite a few more just to make sure we have around 10. Talk to you.  DF 
 Good question.  I think John is the designated hen shooter on the Omaha marketing team.  John, do we even allow TW people to use Pheasant Haven?  DF 
 Great!  L.D. is sending around a new slightly modified term sheet--lets talk tomorrow.  I want to get Lee into this also.  Thanks.  DF 
 I don't know what she is even talking about.  Why does MKM have someone "coordinating" the migration to Windows 2000?  Doesn't the IT dept. do that, or has MKM taken over the IT dept?  What "issues" could we possibly have???? Even if we had issues (which I most certainly do not, in spite of what everyone says) how could we possibly get the IT juggernaut to pay attention? We are all helpless to stop it in spite of our puny efforts to "coordinate" or "raise issues".    DF 
 Thanks.  Unfortunately, I think the answers are yes and yes. 
 Jeff and Jeff--Pls keep me and Kathy Ringblom posted on whatever you find. Thanks. DF 
 A team of folks including Dari, Glen Hass, Don Vignaroli, etc have beaten these issues to death--we have a very detailed set of materials summarizing the findings of the group.  Bob Burleson should know that, as I think he was at the meeting when we went over this stuff.  Viggy, did we get the info from our briefing on the matrix to the no-shows like Steve Harris and John Dushinske (and Bob if he was a no show?)  If not, we ought to send it to them and ask them to call for follow up.  DF 
 Does this fit our understanding of the policies?  DF 
 Please get copies to me asap of the Edison motion and the CPUC FERC complaint.  Has someone, maybe someone at ENA, already looked at any allegations about Enron or TW?  Please forward these to Kathy Ringblom also and I'll have her itemize any allegations we might want to repond to. Thanks  DF 
 Love to.  I'll probably be down in Houston next week--most likely thur-fri. I'll call you when I know fer shure.  Pheasant gig is around Oct 27-30 or so.  More detail to follow.  DF 
 Yuck.  I am eager to discuss this with you both.  DF 
 We are now addressing the distasteful task of sorting through the mountain of files accumulated during the Conoco litigation.  Kathy is taking the lead on reviewing our document retention policies and advising Britt and I of what she thinks we can destroy and what we need to keep.  In some instances, the appropriate approach is not entirely clear.  Have you folks run across any "document retention policy specialists" that she ought to talk to?  We have a fairly detailed policy applicable to "Interstate Law" (which I guess means GPG law--the policy document is fairly old) but I'm less clear on what authority or right Legal has to enforce the doc. retention policy as to other groups.  Rod Hayslett suggested during Conoco that it would be good if Legal followed up now and then and made sure that pack rats were following the policy.   His comment arose from a little situation in which we were served with requests for "3 year plans" and Rod was displeased  to learn that some folks had kept old plans from 10 years ago.  He (and I suspect all of us) would be happier if that didn't happen again.  Any thoughts?  Thanks. DF 
 Give em hell in the deposition my friend!  If you get the chance, ask them how much of that $400 mm they set aside for you!   Hey, we need to talk about something else--I'm getting a pheasant hunting trip organized for late Oct. Interested?  DF 
 Looks good to me--and I agree that we ought to use if for internal purposes only.  If people at the customer meeting want more detail than you guys are able to provide orally, we could consider adding detail to the FERC filing or even sending them some additional explanation that we may or may not decide to file with FERC.  Good luck today!  DF 
 In case you haven't already marked your calendars, tomorrow will be my two year anniversary with the company.   The good Lord willing (and with Stan's and Mike's continued acquiescence) I may even surpass the tenure of my two most recent and very illustrious predecessors.  Given your meteoric career tracks, however, I'm not sure you guys would view that as a huge accomplishment.  Hope all goes well with you both.  Adios from the big O. DF 
 pls print asap.  df 
 I called Tino today to let him know that our affiliates are sniffing around a power plant opportunity and potential gas bypass pipeline in Albuquerque. Kevin, you should be getting a call from a guy in Portland whose name I can't seem to find right now.  He had gotten my name from Thome out there and called to let me know that ENA is interested in pitching either PNM or some outfit called "Delta" on development or expansion of a gas-fired power plant in the south part of Albuquerque.  It didn't sound to me like ENA was very far along in their deal.  I explained to this guy what we were involved in and swore him to confidentiality.  I also told him he need to call either Kevin or Steve before he talked to PNM.  I thought it was a little curious that ENA is interested in generation in Alb. all of a sudden.  On the Tino front, he apologized for not calling after their big DOE meeting.  He said it went very well and that DOE is considering their offer--$.085/Kwh power less revenue sharing for all surplus power sold.  Tino and Dennis offered DOE 70% of the $$ from the surplus power sales until a certain target is hit (probably a target equivalent to DOE's current PNM rate less 10%) and then 30% of any additional $$.   Tino and Dennis really blew some smoke by showing the DOE guys this summer's Four Corners spot prices (generally in the $200-400/mwh range) and doing the math for them. On that basis, the net delivered power cost after rebate comes pretty close to zero. Even using a more reasonable sampling of Four Corners prices, the DOE price is apparently better than their current PNM price.  The big issue is whether DOE can figure out how to keep the rebate $$ at Sandia, rather than lose the $$ to treasury.   Sounds like the Dennis and Tino show is still flogging this deal pretty hard, so I reminded Tino that we are eager to do anything we can to help.  Bill or Kevin, please forward this to Bill Gang--I couldn't get my computer to recognize his name.  Please call if you have any questions.  DF 
 Congratulations on the move!  Its great to see a reorg that actually seems to make so much sense!  Thanks again to you and Terry for watching the three stooges on Saturday night.  It was great seeing you guys again and getting the kids a chance to play for a while.  We'd love to return the favor next time you come up to Omaha--the weather is getting real nice right about now!!  DF 
 I'm OK with this agreement.  Christine, I appreciate your explanation of how we developed the rate.  Hopefully, once FERC approves our purchase and sale of options, we can price them as a stand alone service.  For now, including the optionality as a bundled component of the total discounted rate--as we did here--is appropriate. 
 pls set up an hour on this sometime tomorrow am if possible.  thanks df 
 Interesting.  I remember vaguely that we had some concern with how VAR was calculated.  I recall that Dave Neubauer didn't think that we were doing it right for TW.  Do you remember this issue?  If so, does this change address the same issue?  Also, I'll line up a meeting today or tomorrow on  the TW options filing in general, and we can discuss the customer meeting and also touch on this internal controls issue.  Thanks  DF 
 Don't think so--where was he before his current job?  DF 
 I think we are pretty well covered on this issue--thanks for checking!  DF 
 OK.  DF 
 Leslie, I'll follow up with Mike McGowan.  Is there an invoice or something floating around that you are aware of?  Shall we just send to you Tom and have you get it to the right place?  I'm not sure anyone has been hired yet to fill Tim's position, but I know that is in progress.  Mike--please give me a call re: this.  Thanks. DF 
 Have you guys met/discussed this with Michele?  Please get me up to speed. Thanks DF 
 Tony, I agree it look s fine.  I've talked briefly with Glen and emailed my thoughts to them, but haven't had a chance to walk Glen and MKM through what we discussed yesterday.  DF 
 Give me a call when you get the chance to look at this and I'll update you on the discussion we had yesterday on automating the request for service process.  Shelley, Tony and myself got comfortable that with a few changes to the verbiage a customer sees before he clicks on a parcel of capacity, and with a couple of minor limitations on the capacity we sell (i.e., no Subpart B-restricted 311 capacity parcels) Northern will be able to treat a customer's click on a parcel of capacity as submission of a request for service. 
 Should we respond to PNM's protest of the dollar valuation of imbalances prior to netting and trading?  Did we already respond to this issue when they filed their protest of the 637 filing?  DF 
 Count me in!  DF 
 Oh oh.  Time for another nomination? 
 I suspect this didn't get to you as I originally used your MSN address.  DF 
 Attached is my redline of your Sat. draft.  In addition to the revisions in the doc, I have a few questions and concerns: 1.  On the segmenting section, I think it is a fine legal argument, but it lacks something.  What is our "or else" position?  Does the Global Settlement give us any FERC-out rights or colorable argument that the entire deal should be unwound if FERC screws up the segmenting issue?  I'm not suggesting that we should trigger a FERC out if we have one, but if we arguably do, we should consider threatening to use it.  I'm afraid we come across as whiny and FERC's position will likely be "so what, what are you going to do about it?" If we have no arguable "FERC-out" and the only  "or else" we have is that we'll take them to Court and force them to adhere to the original deal, I'm for leaving the draft as-is.  We can make our appeal threat more direct on rehearing if they hose us in the initial order. 2.  On the arbitrage argument, I've taken out any reference to an example and softened the verbiage a bit.  I want to leave in the references to the arbitrage issue, however, because FERC understands the problem and believes it is widespread.  We don't need to prove exactly how big a problem it is on our system (although it would have been very effective if we had clear facts). 3.  Do any of the OBA changes arguably conflict with the Global Settlement? If so, we'd  better be prepared to eat our words from the segmenting section.  Covering ourselves in the sanctity of that Settlement in section 1 and then fiddling around with it in section 2 won't play well.  It is my understanding that the OBA system on TW was not part of the turnback resolution deal so I hope this won't be a problem. 4.  On FN 20, I'd suggest we use Vig's data and chart for May of 2000.  The arb opportunity is huge and clear.  We reference in the FN that we use all six of the Gas Daily price points, and I think Vig used just 3.  What's the right answer?  Good work everyone--please give it one more careful look on Monday AM and it should be good to go.  DF 
 Please take a look at Vig's effort to detect price arbitrage behavior on TW using the same method that Steve Kirk used on Northern.  You'll recall that Steve's chart on Northern showed an very close correlation between the calculated arb opportunity and the direction and size of the aggregate customer imbalances, by month.  Proving once again that TW is just a little different, that method shows no correlation at all on TW.  I agree with Vig's conclusion that we should not use this data in the 637 filing.  I tried one alternative reading of the data to see if I could find a correlation.  Steve's method evenly weights the value of arb opportunities that occur early and late in a month.  Please tell me if you agree, marketing folks, but I think a more logical approach would risk-weight the apparent arb opportunites.  In other words, an apparent opportunity to short TW and sell the gas for a $.25/mmbtu profit on the 5th of a month is unlikely to generate arb behavior because a trader has no idea on the 5th what the cash out index will be at the end of the month.  In contrast, an opportunity to make $.25 on the 25th of a month, when a trader can calculate pretty closely what the monthly index will be, is basically free money.  Using that logic, I ignored any apparent arb opportunites in the first half of the month.   I eyeballed the timing and size of the arb opportunites (i.e., there's a $.70-.90 arb opportunity to short TW from the 23d to the end of May, 2000) rather than using Steve's mathematical approach.   I still didn't see the kind of correlation I'd expect.  The correlation is directionally positive in only 4 out of 12 months, and the size of the imbalances doesn't even make sense in the months that correlate on direction.  I give up, and am removing the arb argument from the daily imbalance section of the draft.  I'll route that separately.  Thanks to Vig, Susan, Lorraine and Richard for hustling on this analysis. "Its better to try [to find a correlation] and fail than never to try at all. . .." 
 please print.  thanks df 
 Looks good--one typo in bullet 4, I think "not addressing" should be "nor addressing."   Please bcc me and Mike on the final version.  Thanks df 
 pls print and put both mtgs on my sch.  thanks df 
 Ugh.  We are in for a battle.  Some of this may be OK, but I detect an underlying philosophy that pipelines should simply not be allowed into markets that unregulated players (using the gray market or financial products) currently have monopoly control over.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Lou Harrison (insurance guy) will call tomorrow--please schedule an appt. at his joint next wk--Wed Thur or Fri.  Preferably 4:00 or later so I can hit him on the way home.  thanks df 
 pls print for my mtg tomorrow.  thanks df 
 Excellent.  DF 
 Bueno.  DF 
 Any news on looking at the NiSource storage stuff?  Have we gotten the packet from Chase or whichever investment banker guys you talked to?  I heard again from a non-Enron source that "Enron is looking at the MHP assets" so it must be true!  Thanks.   DF 
 I'm on vacation and unreachable the 21st through the 23d, but will be in Houston on the 24th--10:00 would work fine.  If you've got Lou and Mike, you may not need me as they are the GPG Law designated spokesmodels on 2001 plan issues.  DF 
 Not that I know of.   DF 
 In case you haven't done it already, please cross out the note on your calendar that today is the day the Conoco trial starts!  What better day to announce a celebration of the settlement, since without it many of us would be sitting in a courtroom in Midland wondering whether the trial would last 3 weeks or 30.   With that image firmly in mind, please plan on joining us for a celebratory dinner on Thursday, August 17th at 6:00 at Brennan's.  Again, thanks for all of your  efforts on this case, and I hope to see you on the 17th!  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Oh, how about sending one to Barrett Reasoner at Gibbs and Bruns and ask Britt Davis if he wants one.  Thanks DF 
 No--that ought to do it.  DF 
 I'm booked from 10-11, 11:45-1:30 and 2-3.  I can stay after school if necessary.  DF 
 Drew and Sandra Fossum 6068 Country Club Oaks Pl. Omaha, NE  68152 
 I'm OK with it, thanks to some coaching from Jeff.  I would suggest that our marketers specifically mention to all interested bidders (especially Texaco) that the lottery tiebreaker is clearly identified in the posting and if they want to be there to witness it they better call us because we don't send out engraved invitations.  Good luck.  DF 
 Oh, wait a minute--I was thinking current prices, not April-Oct. prices.  Is the basis  for that 7 month period below max rates? 
 Am I the only one having a deja vu experience?  I know you can't believe what you read, but the trade press makes it sound like capacity to California is worth about a zillion bucks--are we sure we want to do this???? DF 
 I think you said you have this covered, but just in case, here is the latest.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Please send me the NN and TW operating reports from the minutes of the last meeting.  I'm not sure we create a separate set of goals and objectives for each operating company, although Bill's ET&S goals and objectives obviously cover both.  I want to see if we need to create some kind of new document or whether we can use something off the shelf.  Thanks. DF 
 I'm ok with the change.  Just curious, but Courtney doesn't get any  time value of money recognition on his prepayment?  Also, the prepayment gives us a cash, but not earnings, benefit, right?  Thanks.  DF 
 pls print--I'll look at it in the am (maybe!) DF 
 Speak of the devil.  Tino called, all full of optimism and questions.  They have pitched the DOE a deal in which Dennis builds three 50 Mw turbines on the Isleta, and a 7 mile power line to DOE's distribution lines.  The project will apparently be 100%debt financed, with DOE agreeing to pay a firm demand charge rate of between 8 and 9 cents/kwh.  That rate is supposedly high enough to service the debt on a 10 year amort. basis (remember, DOE can only sign 10 year contracts).  DOE is interested, says Tino, because of the redundant, dedicated facilities and enhanced reliability, and because Dennis and Tino pitched DOE on all the $$$$ DOE will make from the surplus power sales.  Dennis apparently pitched them a "share the upside" deal under which DOE keeps most of the revenue from surplus sales.  Tino showed DOE the July spot prices at 4 Corners, which Tino said included many days over $200/Mwh and they got all excited.  DOE has done a similar share the upside deal at one of its facilities in Calif. Tino says and they have occasionally come out net positive on elec. costs in some months so they like the approach.  Tino had two questions: 1.  Does TW have 30-40,000/d of permian capacity available starting sometime in 2001 or 2002?  (I realize we have probably answered this question about 5 times, but lets do it again for him). 2.  Is there someone at ENA Tino can talk to about a getting a quote for long term and/or short term power purchase prices for Four Corners delivery?   If he can get something the DOE thinks is a good price, they m ay just sell all the surplus power forward.  If not, they'll just hang on to it and sell it into the cash market in monthly and daily deals.  Thanks.  DF 
 Yes.  Sorry I forgot to cc you.  If it got lost in the process, have them send it again, or forward this email to payables as my approval.  thanks df 
 Here is the draft letter agreement.  We are still discussing it with ECS and can make whatever changes are appropriate.  Note that the letter agreement ties back to Article 6 of the Compression Services Agreement.  That article, you may recall, is where ECS agreed to create a computerized system that would monitor Continental Divide's electric system utilization and warn when their system peaks were occurring and then automatically take the compressor offline (subject to manual override) so we and ECS could avoid peak period demand charges.  Instead of creating such a system, which apparently turned out to be mostly a manual system anyway, ECS is going to pay us a monthly fee to monitor CD's system peaks ourselves and decide when we need to get off line.  The load management service has to do with operational management of the load we place on CD's electric system, and is not a jurisdictional gas transportation or storage service.  Note that the service goes on for 10 years (as required by the accountants' 10 year amortization rule) and thus may be vulnerable to scrutiny and potential revenue crediting in TW's 2007 rate case.  Any way to avoid that?  DF 
 That, my man, is the $64 question.  Kim and Rockie are nailing this down first thing monday AM.  The result of our conversation on Friday with Conoco was that if we own it, they want it, and if we don't own it, we'd better not convey it to them.  Clever devils, they are forcing us to determine exactly what it is that we own!  Talk to you tomorrow.  DF 
 I didn't know you guys were both in the Moscow office now!  That's a pretty soviet system your network narcs have rigged up.  We ought to get a copy of it--it would keep Enerson and I from wasting 20 hours a week dealing with amusing videos.  Anyway, the vid you have been denied access to is not as interesting as you probably hoped--its the cartoon game of the guys sitting around at a meeting at which you can make them do things by clicking on icons--like click the cell phone and one guy calls the other one and yells "Whaaaassssupppp!"  Its actually pretty amusing, unless you work at a third reich law firm (actually some guy at some other third reich law firm sent it to me, come to think of it!  I'll stick to emails with a "business purpose" so that I don't inadvertently interfere with "firm related business" (like name changes, etc.).  AMFDJF 
 Does anyone find it interesting that we've heard nothing but silence from Dennis and Tino?  I suspect that their big meeting with DOE on the 25th didn't go so well.  If you hear anything let me know, otherwise I'll try to get ahold of Tino sometime next week to find out what DOE said.  DF 
 Whaaasssssuuup.  Sack--you need to update me on where the hell you are these days.  Flying jets in Denver?  Chicago?  Where?  Reed, you need to check your emails more than once every 6 months.  Huet, I'll call you on the apple data tonight or tomorrow.   Loon, since I sent you a cool email, you need to invite me to at least one boondoggle on Wednesday (Dougie is going to the Fascist convention in Philadelphia all next week to schmooze).  Carmany, you are just weak--you need a wife and about 7 kids to throttle your lifestyle back a bit.  Egg and Kate--I have nothing mean to say to you just now, but I'll work on it.  DF 
 The tie in line that TW built is not part of the deal.  We are modifying the agreements to make that totally clear and I believe Rockey is going to talk to Mary Ann Pearce to make sure there is no misunderstanding.  DF 
 Please take a look at this and give me a call.  I didn't know we were expecting any agreement from ECS.  DF 
 Rock on.  DF 
 I'm not sure I understand MKM's comment.  We've all approved this deal so its not urgent, but lets talk about it in our meeting today.  df 
 lets talk re: this.  I'm troubled.  df 
 I'll be in South Dakota from the 28th of December through the 3d of January. While there, I can be reached via my voice mail, which I will check daily, or through my cell phone at 402-630-8461.  At all other times, I will be Omaha and reachable at my office number, cell phone or home number of 402-572-8595.  Thanks.  DF 
 Thanks.  I'm about a 30.  DF 
 No, we are paying them $3 mm in addition to handing them the Hobbs line and giving them the option on the Eldo-Spraberry line.  I haven't really thought about it, but I guess the transfer price for the Hobbs line should be some nominal amount--$10 or something.  I'll give you and Louie a call in a bit to discuss.  Thanks.  DF 
 I just talked to Cynthia Sandherr about this and she was partly up to speed. They have been fighting with the CFTC to keep it from extending its jurisdiction to Enron Online and to all the financial products Enron sells. We apparently have a bill pending to lock the CFTC in and keep it from going after energy-related financial products.  Cynthia was not aware of any potential collaboration between CFTC and FERC designed to push FERC into the role of regulator of these markets (with CFTC pulling the strings behind the scenes).  Cynthia was cranky about this possibility and will follow up. DF 
 He's not a nazi, he's a commie.  Actually he's a democrat but such subtle distinctions escape me.  What MKM is talking about is a conversation I had in DC with a buddy of mine who is a commissioner on the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.  He said there is a move afoot to expand regulation of financial products like weather hedges, spark spread swaps and similar industry specific instruments that his agency has not regulated in the past. (they just regulate the commodity exchanges like the NYMEX, Chicago Board of Trade, etc.)  He also made it sound like Enron Online had made his staff people more nervous about the lack of regulation over those kinds of products.  The current strategy, he explained, was to solve the problem of the CFTC's arguable lack of jurisdiction over such products by getting the agencies with jurisdiction over the industry to which such products were being sold (i.e., the FERC as to energy products) to regulate the stuff based on the CFTC's guidance.  I assume that Kean's group is on top of this, but I haven't had the chance to check yet.  I talked to a guy in the DC office about 6 months about CFTC issues and will follow up with him on Monday and be sure they are aware of this leftist plot.  I can't remember his name just now, but he works for Cynthia Sandherr, I think.  I'll let you know what is going on after I talk to those folks.  DF 
 Great summary.  Sounds like we have plenty to do.  Susan, lets talk Monday and coordinate the law/regulatory stuff.  Gracias.  DF 
 Please get this to Tino.  I don't know what went wrong but the email didn't go throught.  Thanks. DF 
 Come out with a whole bunch of cool new machines and your stock gets whacked.  What a weird deal that is.  Anyway, when do you think the new IMacs will be out in stores?  I still havent' got around to buying Sandra her IMac and now she thinks she wants the IMac notebook so its a good thing I didn't do this last month.  Do you concur that the new ones are worth the wait or should we pick up an old one on mega sale once stores start clearing the old ones out?  DF 
 No wonder you are oblivious to our meager organizational changes up in Omaha!  You are out doing zillion dollar deals for EBS!!! Congratulations--sounds like a very cool deal!  Lets get together soon down in Houston and debrief--that is if rock star Frank can take time away from the 50th floor crowd to hang with mere mortals!  DF 
 Tino, attached is a spreadsheet with the info I think you need.  I got the publication wrong--its "Megawatt Daily" that posts daily prices.  Hope this is helpful.  DF  Drew,  Attached is an excel file which contains pricing for the following delivery points January 1, 1999 through April 30, 2000:  Four Corners Palo Verde Mead Nevada Southwest Power Pool  Let me know if you want any additional information.  We can get April 30, 2000 to present information.  I just have to call RDI--they put it out by quarter so at the end of July we will get the next disk.  They'll send me the data if we need it.  Lorna 
 Thanks for the outstanding and fast service!  DF 
 A $14 IT deal?  The $14 deal was a sale of operational gas, right?  DF 
 You guys should enjoy this--especially the last one.   Reed, you never called back you wimpy Pantani butt pirate.  I've got a big case settling and am more likely going to have a shot at blasting out for a couple days of fishing. Let me know whether fishing is worth a shit out there.  DF 
 Thanks for the update--Other than the Gallagher Boland $$$ I can't think of anything that we might be squirreling away and capitalizing.  (Grynberg $$ go to a work order also, but are expensed, right?).  Also, I absolutely trust you, but in the Ronald Reagan sense:  "Trust, but verify."  Adios.  DF 
 Leslie Lawner called and asked if TW could help with the funding of this organization.  As you will recall, the "NM First" group has taken positions on right of way issues that are consistent with TW/Enron's view on Indian right of way issues.  Leslie asked if we could kick in $1000.  I leave this to you guys to weigh in on--If you think it's worthwhile, let me know and one of us can get back to Leslie.  I'm happy to help out with the funding if you think it would be useful.  DF 
 I'd prefer that we give them a high level bullet point type summary rather than a draft of the filing itself.  DF 
 -FYI--this is the kind of significant organizational change that in the old days would have spurred us to dash over to Happy Hollow and drink a bunch of beer and pretend to play golf.  Had you guys heard anything about this??? I'd appreciate your thoughts.  DF 
 FYI.  I met Dan yesterday for the first time--seem like a very good guy.  DF 
 FYI.  Interesting, and no significant deviations from what we discussed.  Dan was up here yesterday with Stan.  He seems like a good guy and is pretty gung ho about getting on board.  Lets keep in touch.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Thanks Susan--I agree with your analysis of the tying issue.  It ain't tying if we aren't restricting access to the service--we are just offering selective discounts.  Christine--I'm OK with it.  Thanks. DF 
 pls let me know if this looks ok to you.  thanks df 
 Looks OK to me, subject to approval from MKM's group.  Should we also solicit turnback in the East of Thoreau area in addition to soliciting it from Cal. border to Thoreau?  Is it our theory that since Thor.-Cal is the constrained segment, thats the only area we need to solicit turnback on?  DF 
 can you get this to do what it is supposed to?  I hope its not a porno picture.  DF 
 pls put on my calendar.  thanks df 
 I'm up for Wed. pm assuming a flight from denver to dc is available . Martha--please check and make sure there is a late flight from denver to dc--leaving after 5 pm would be best.  pls coordinate with jeff.  thanks. 
 Great draft!  I had just a few comments and typos, set out in this redline. I'll be in to take a look at the tariff sheets a bit later this AM.  Thanks for the excellent work!   Martha, pls copy for Steve Stojic. 
 pls grab me when I come in and make me do this.  thanks df 
 Can't make it, unfortunately.  The agenda sounds great--I believe you have seen the latest draft of the proposed options filing for TW, so I have nothing else to add on that.  Thanks. DF 
 pls print for me.  thanks df 
 Thanks--excellent news.  DF 
 Sorry, I neglected to forward this to you earlier.   You've gotta give these guys credit for being tenacious!  I'll keep you posted on any meaningful developments after their meeting with DOE on the 25th.  Thanks for your patience.  DF 
 Thinking about bailing out of the big O for a couple of days w/o rugrats or Sandra. Taking Kari out of her native biome is more hassle than its worth these days.  Might just blow up for a long weekend and do some fishing and beer drinking.  Send me the name of that book on flyfishing in the Hills--I want to see if I can get it on Amazon.   AMFDJF 
 pls print.  df 
 Excellent!  This a great idea and perfect timing given the kind of things we have lately been getting more and more involved in.  I'll strongly encourage our guys to attend.  DF 
 pls print thanks df 
 Tino,  this was easier than I thought!  Just eyeballing the numbers, it looks like $2.00 may even be on the high side on a 24 month or 18 month average basis.   I wasn't sure which email to use so I used both.  Let me know how your meeting goes.  DF 
 Just got an update on the project that won't go away.  Dennis has a meeting lined up with DOE decisionmakers on the 25th.  He is going to pitch the project as an approximately 100 mw power plant, to be owned by (read "financed by") DOE, with the gas pipeline owned by Dennis and\or third parties (read "Enron"?).  Dennis has run economics that show the DOE will get a more than 10% cost savings on the project compared to current PNM rates, even assuming a fairly high gas transport cost because of the smaller gas load.  How did he do it?  Very easy:  they ran the power plant economics using about a $2.00 gas cost instead of current, real world prices.   Dennis' argument is going to be:  "I'll take the risk on building the pipeline and the power plant at a capped cost, and then sell the power plant to you." "You take the risk on gas cost:  if gas cost tracks the 18-24 month average, you will realize your 10% cost savings, but if current fuel costs continue or escalate, you lose."    Either way, your reliability improves and you kick PNM in the shins."  Dennis and Tino apparently think they can sell DOE on this.  By the way, their current story on Richardson is that he won't resign, and won't be forced out by the administration because that would create even more publicity.  You'll love this:  they think Richardson is even more likely to sign off on the deal now because his chances of being nominated for VP or cabinet are dead and he now has nothing to lose in DC.  They think his real angle is now to bring home the bacon to New Mexico and then run for governor out there!!  Apparently the rank and file out in the home state think he got hosed and made a scapegoat unfairly. I've asked  Lorna Brennan to pull some historical San Juan prices together to give to Tino to confirm whether his $2 price is wacky.  Other than that, I just told Tino that we are potentially interested in the pipeline part of the project if the risks and rewards make sense, and that EE&CC might be interested in the design/build on all of it.  He said he'd get back to me after the 25th meeting and tell me whether the project is undead.  DF 
 Cabo's--very hip if you like meat markets (which I do, of course).  I suspect that fish tacos are a  very popular dish in London--at least among the London surfer crowd.  You can reach me on the cell phone @402-630-8461--I'll leave it on all day.  So what brings both of you down to Houston?  Anything going on that I ought to know about?  DF 
 Thanks Leslie--I appreciate your efforts and being kept up to speed.  I'm forwarding this to some folks who are much closer to the Navajo ROW issues than I am.  Lou and Steve, please let Leslie and/or me know what direction TW prefers as well as any pitfalls to be wary of.   DF 
 I need to be in DC on Thursday next week, so any time in Denver that allows me to get to DC is ok.  DF 
 pls print up.  thanks df 
 Outstanding!  I'm in Houston on Thursday, flying to the big O on the 8:30 pm flight.  I'd love to get together for dinner around 5:00 or so if that works out for you guys.  Any chance of getting together with both of you?  DF 
 Here's a thought that didn't occur to me when I marked up the mock trial script.  Should we have the consultants prominantly feature "IPEC Busters"???  Unless we are pretty sure the judge will keep it out on relevance grounds, it might be useful to at least get some juror reactions to it.  With or without the specific IPEC Busters stuff, we probably ought to assume that Jad's theme will be that Northern's whole philosophy was to breach contracts without flinching if it served our commercial interests. The vitriol from P&P and the other producers plays into that theme.  Maybe we ought to spice that part of the script up a bit also just so we can see how our response plays.  DF 
 Great--we ought to be able to about close this effort out at this next meeting I hope.  DF 
 Pls get me a printout of this Mon. AM.  I couldn't open it.  Thanks. DF 
 I'm OK with the new version.  Thanks. DF 
 pls print out.  thanks. df 
 Great--please send me the current draft on Thur. AM for me to take a look at.  Gracias!  DF 
 I guess this is good news unless they introduce the "next steps" section at the meeting with a slide that is titled "Step One:  Shutting Your Sorry-Ass Pipeline Down ONce and For All" .   Seriously, the agenda doesn't seem to have any flavor of escalation, which is great given the  lack of attractive alternatives for our team right now.  Talk to you about this tomorrow.  DF 
 Thanks Tony--we'll discuss on Wed or Thur.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 These guys don't give up.  I'll forward any information Tino gives me on their latest DOE strategy.  Rockey--do you have any interest in following up on Tino's Wichita project??  I don't know how far it is from any of our lines, but it may be worth a chat.  DF 
 Thanks for the update!  As for the margarita idea, I'm all over it!  Not just for breakfast anymore!!  DF 
 I had a problem approving one from home a couple weeks ago, but I think it works OK now.  May have been a bad phone line.  Thanks.  DF 
 fyi--please keep me from getting disbarred.  Df 
 I did.  Just got back.  Doctor says I'm just a whiner and I should go back to work.  DF 
 Thanks Bob.  I'm out sick today (my wife made me stay home until I quit griping about a sore throat I can't seem to shake), but I forwarded your voicemail on item 3 to Kent yesterday.  I'll forward this to him as a reminder.  ON the other two items, I'll send you separate emails on each.  DF 
 Britt- great memo.  I'm sure you guys are in the course of discussing these very issues, but here's my two cents worth. 1.  Once we decide on an optimal forum, the key step before filing a lawsuit is the assessment of our probability of success--for different reasons than is usually the case.  We need to weigh the chances of a favorable judgment against El Paso against the probability and extent of collateral damage to our defense (not just TW but all of GPG) in Quinque, et al. 2.  I like our case a lot based on what I've seen so far--if I've got it right, our claim is that El Paso breached the 1990 measurement agreement by not calibrating the meters as required and therefore by allowing the error to arise and remain uncorrected for so long.  Under the NM statute, we may get 6 years worth of recovery ( or more, I guess, if they did something to toll the SOL).  Under the Texas SOL, maybe less.  Do we have a good argument that the 1% standard in the measurement agreement and the 2% standard in El Paso's tariff do not absolve them of conversion or breach liability?  Seems to me that El Paso will argue that the FERC tariff preempts our contract rights--but I think the law is on our side there. 3.  The tricky issue then becomes whether our prosecution of the claim against El Paso plays into the hands of our adversaries on the Quinque mess. If so, how do we quantify that risk to allow a rational balancing of the pros and cons.  I'm glad smart guys like you two will have to do that thinking. As usual, I'll try to stay on the sidelines and nod intelligently when you make a recommendation.  DF  PS:  I'm ok with the outside counsel recommendation. 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Given the overwhelming response so far, I think a meeting may be necessary to get this project moving.  Thanks. DF 
 Good point on the timetable.  If we can get to the letter of intent stage Caithness soon after this meeting Jeff is setting up--by mid July maybe--what would a realistic timetable be?  It looks from the map like the ROW would be all along existing hiway--not virgin territory.  If this thing is a "lateral" not mainline, and if we can keep project cost below the 2001 prior approval blanket cost limit (whatever that is--around $21 million I think) can we build under the blanket???  Lets talk before the meeting in Houston so we can have a complete reaction for the Caithness guys on cost, timetable, etc.  DF 
 Here's the memo I mentioned.  Obviously, we have already used up all the good ideas and are down to the fall back plans.  DF 
 Excellent!  I hope Briden's project attracts fewer vultures than Dennis Langley's.  I need to go to Midland on the afternoon of the 12th, so could meet in Houston conveniently on the morning of the 12th or anytime 10 am or later on the 11th.  I could meet on the 10 th after 10, but less conveniently.  Just let Martha know what the plan is and she'll deploy me. Also,  when you say they want TW to "build, own and operate the plant" you mean the gas pipeline facilities, not the power plant, right?  Must be because $20 mil. would be a pretty cheap power plant.  Thats a pretty cheap pipeline also for the length--about 40 miles, right?  DF 
 I'd like to be at this--but I need to be back in Omaha by the evening of the 13th.  Please get me a flight and hotel (I should arrive early PM on the 12 the and leave in the pm on the 13th.   Thanks.df 
 Lets talk today, susan.  I need to satisfy myself that this is really one of those "shit happens" situations like everyone seems to believe, rather than a situation where we may have a cause of action and some $$$ owed to us by someone.  DF 
 ok.  DF 
 sorry--left you out of the distrib.  df 
 A bit more detail in the bullets and a heads up call on this would have been a good idea.  DF 
 Steve filled in the detail for me on the LG&E issue mentioned in the Law bullets this morning.  A valve was left open between an LG&E facility and Northern for an approximate 3 month period (I'm not sure how recent).  LG&E's gas loss data indicates that the amount of gas that inadvertently got into Northern was approx. 180,000 MMBtu, with a value of about $500,000.   Rockey and Steve have talked to LG&E and it does not appear that we have any good arguments for avoiding the liability.  The unexpected (and unmetered) deliveries from LG&E presumably reduced our lost and unaccounted for balance during the referenced 3 month period.  Accordingly, I assume the cost of replacing that gas should be accounted for in Northern's PRA and so should not affect earnings.   I'm not sure what the timetable is for resolving this matter.  DF 
 Per our discussion, I've modified the letter to remove reference to the monthly pack agreement and made a couple of other minor changes.  I wasn't able to get ahold of Bill on Friday afternoon to discuss who will sign, so for now I've left it with signature blocks for Bill and Rod only.  I hope we are getting closer to the target here and look forward to discussing it with you further on Monday.  Thanks again for the illumination on AA's intent on the earlier draft.  DF 
 I love this--even more so because it is being circulated by one of our competitors.  DF 
 Hey--I thought this was pretty good!  Of course we at the evil empire are proud of being thought of as greedy overbearing SOBs!  DF 
 Nice to know how highly regarded we are in the industry.  DF 
 fyi.  this is fine with me--pls remind me.  df 
 I reviewed the latest draft of AA's management rep. letter and caught a few innaccuracies in the way AA described the deal.  I attach a revised draft of the letter, with a redline version to highlight for you the changes I think we need to make to keep it accurate.  First, AA only listed two of the four agreements that comprise the deal.  They apparently forgot that we had created a second SBA.  Additionally, at Transcanada's request, we put the transaction fee into a separate letter agreement this year.  You will recall that last year, Sempra wanted the transaction fee put right in the SBA.  Second, AA's bullet no. 4, as originally drafted, states that Northern does not intend to enter into an option to purchase any base gas during the term of the agreement.  That statement is confusing given that Article VI.B of the Monthly Pack Agreement includes an account balance cash out mechanism that is a form of purchase option.  That cash out mechanism was in Kent's bullets describing the deal and has been in every draft of the documents that AA looked at, so I assume they are OK with the mechanism and were just inartful in drafting bullet no. 4.   My simple fix was to leave AA's language alone but to add an "except for" reference at the beginning of bullet no. 4.  Third, AA's draft of bullet nos. 5 and 6 includes the somewhat ambiguous references to "other agreements" and "additional agreements" respectively. Since AA's list of the agreements in the intro paragraph was incomplete, these references in bullet nos. 5 and 6 were also innacurate.  Now that I have made the list of agreements in the intro paragraph complete, I've clarified the bullets by adding the "other than those agreements referenced above" language to both bullets.  The couple of other changes in bullet 5 simply clarify the meaning.  Finally, I've modified the signature blocks per conversation with Bill to delete MKM and myself.  I am certainly willing and able to sign this letter, but MKM is not up to speed on the deal and has not reviewed the agreements. Getting her up to speed enough to sign the letter would take some time. Additionally, Bill's thought was that MKM and I are his direct reports anyway, so it doesn't serve much purpose to have the subordinates sign if the top guy has signed.  Please give me a call if you have any questions or want to discuss these matters. 
 pls get on my sch.  thanks df 
 I'm expecting a nastygram from Harris ragging on me for dishing out credit for his idea, but haven't seen anything yet!  DF 
 Yeah--EMC is the best investment I ever made--I only wish I had put in 100000k instead of 1k.  Check this email out--one of our guys got it from someone at one of our competitors.  Enron is known as the "evil empire" in the energy bidness.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 This is horrible.  In all my years in DC I don't remember any administration official (let alone a cabinet member) getting trashed this badly except maybe Ollie North during Iran Contra.  Tino, lets add this to the list of issues we need to jointly think through.  DF 
 Great--Steve, what's your phone no. ?  The operator didn't have it and I'd like to talk for a few minutes on this.  Thanks. DF 
 pls print up on letterhead and format correctly for me to send out.  thanks. df 
 It's against my nature, but I'm getting pretty close to giving up.  Attached is a draft letter to Langley punting the project.  I've tried to sugar coat it as much as possible so he doesn't get pissed off and automatically go to El Paso if he does somehow get the project built.  The letter is based on the assumption that we will call them first to explain where we are.   Also, I've assumed that we won't send Dennis any of the data from EE&CC or ENA.  I think we can chat generally on the phone and give them the ballpark results without actually sending the schedules to him.  Please give me a call so we can help Steve with his script for when he calls Langley.  (did you notice how I disappear when things start to go south?)  Talk to you soon.  DF 
 Ha!  I appreciate the complement but I like my current job just fine--all I have to do is crap on a contract now and then and argue with Mary Kay all day long.  Piece of cake!  DF 
 Thanks for the extremely helpful analysis Steve and John.  I'm getting a pretty clear sense that this project isn't going anywhere as it is currently configured.  Just to satisfy myself, though, let me throw out a couple of observations for the group to react to, along the lines of Steve's "However" section of his memo:  1.  Running this thing as a baseload unit won't work.  The fuel cost is a killer.  However, I keep thinking about the $200/mwh 4 Corners spot price someone mentioned on the phone.   Is there enough volatility at 4 Corners to support a peaking merchant plant?  How often are those types of opportunities available, and could a power plant in Alb. capture that upside by transporting power to 4 Corners over PNMs system?  2.  We have been assuming that the power plant should be a baseload plant. Someone on the phone last week had some numbers indicating that the DOE/DOD electric load at Kirtland had a fairly high load factor.  I think we have all assumed further that the plant should run at a high load factor to sell surplus power into the grid (either at 4 Corners or, after N.M. elec. restructuring, into the Alb. area).   I just found the numbers I was remembering on the conf. call--1998 peak load was 63.6 mw, and total annual 1998 consumption was 334.5 million Kwh.  By my lawyer-math, that is about a 60% load factor for DOE.  If the DOE load is only 60% L.F., and the plant only generates surplus power when it can capture profit opportunities that arise when the market clearing price at 4 Corners or in Albuquerque exceeds some benchmark rate ($.05/Kwh?  $.10/Kwh?  higher?)  the plant might run at a 30-40% load factor on an annual basis.  The question is can we reduce the capital cost significantly by building a peaker instead of a baseload unit?  3.  Could we get debt financing for a 140 mw plant that had a baseload demand charge contract for only 65 mw (i.e., DOE) but sold the rest of its output into the grid only when profit opportunities arose?  4.  If the answer to 3. is no, would ENA backstop the debt financing by signing a demand charge contract for all surplus power over and above what the government needs?   At what price?  Based on its knowledge of volatility and profit opportunities currently available at 4 Corners, and future profit opportunities that will be available in Albuq. is that just a dumb bet, or would ENA get interested if someone else (i.e., DOE) split the risk and reward?  John, how much of the information in your analysis could be sanitized in a way that we could provide it to Dennis Langley?  If we pull the plug on the project, I'd like to be in a position that we could let him in on some of our information on why the turbines we would use can't provide acceptable economics.  I don't expect that we'd want to disclose the swap value analysis in Steve's memo, however.  Thanks again, and I'd appreciate anyone's reaction to the above questions. DF 
 Give me a yell when you are ready to call Golub back--he's an old Baker and Botts colleague of mine and I'd like to be on the call just to say hi. Thanks. DF 
 pls print with attachments.  thanks. df 
 First, congratulations to all five of you and the others on your staffs who were involved for working together to get the excess line pack deal done today.  As I understand it, TK was able to sell 10,000 MMBtu at the Cal Border for something like $15 thanks to your efforts.  This thing went from Dave and Kent's idea to you guys' execution in about two days, even with a (slight) delay due to my panic attack on whether we can make downstream sales.   Great job!   Second, I think TK, Kevin, Maria and Glen and I have come up with a workable set of guidelines on when similar deals can be done in the future.  The key, as I expressed in the attached email, is that the sales be driven by a legitimate operational basis.  If Gas Control verifies that we have excess line pack at a location and that making the sale helps get line pack to optimal levels, such sales are appropriate.  Gas Control should also verify that the operational basis for the sale can be documented if the need ever arises.  Today's deal is a great example of that as we actually communicated to outside parties that we anticipated some pressure management issues.  If there are ever any questions about when such deals are appropriate, or about how to document the operational basis, please give me, Susan, or Maria a call.  Again, great job!  DF 
 Great. 
 We do in fact have a lot of captive markets.  I don't have a problem with S= &P=20 saying that, although I wouldn't want Enron saying it too often.  In genera= l=20 I'm OK.  Thanks. DF 
 If that's all we need commercially, I'm fine with it.  I'd be more enthusiastic if we thought that their removal of the protest would clear up all FERC's issues and result in cancellation of the tech. conf. and prompt approval of the filing, but I suspect that is too much to ask for.  DF 
 I don't think I gave you George Briden's number in my voice mail today.  Its 401-934-1433.  Just out of curiosity, please let me know if they are as eager to move forward as George said they were.  Thanks. DF 
 Two answers:  1.  Just yourselves.  Sandra has laid in an excessive quantity of vittles and libations.  2.  Good idea.  Tryiing to launch an effort like that now would be a nightmare, but after Conoco, we'll have a lot of organizational work anyway.  Thanks.  df 
 Great.  Thanks to you all for your careful work and patience.  DF 
 I'd drop the dash in "rate-bid" but otherwise am OK.  Thanks. DF 
 OK.  DF 
 pls print .  thanks. DF 
 Do you know anyone in ROW who could give me a sense of what ROW currently is going for in $/ mile, in New Mexico?  Please forward this to anyone you think might be able to give me some insight on recent right of way procurement by enron or others.   Thanks.  DF 
 Just Jim's would be useful.  I'll let him know by cc.  Thanks. 
 Yes.  Thanks.  DF 
 Martha, please print up and sign for me and send.  Thanks.  Robert--this is what I'm sending to Emma.  Nothing definite yet, but Soldano might have something soon.  I didn't want to raise expectations on that yet.   DF 
 Cool--I'm in Monday--lets talk then.  Thanks. DF 
 Is that point the receipt point Sempra would have to use to take the base gas volumes away from Cunningham?  Thanks.  DF 
 Thanks.  I think I've already got things squared away with Jerry.  DF 
 OK.  DF 
 This is a problem your people should be aware of because I think our usual practice when we want to verify ownership structure is to call the corporate secretary's office.  If they are behind, I don't know who we should go to in the future.  Maybe we need to run everything by corp. tax from now on.  Ugh. DF 
 I agree with Susan.  df 
 pls let me know if you will be able to cover this--I'm out of pocket. thanks. df (also--leave me a voice mail at x37555 on how things are going out in Cal.) 
 I'll look at it on the plane and talk to you tomorrow.  DF 
 They nominate the SF to market services also, in addition to any transport they have?  Dari, please follow up on this with market services and verify what the procedures are and let us all know.    Again, this may relate to a counterproposal we make to TCEM if they barf on the corporate guarantee issue, so time is of the essence.  Thanks.  DF   Sue M Neville                05/31/2000 11:14 AM 
 Please go ahead and do a letter--Lou is considering talking with her but isn't sure yet.  Thanks DF 
 pls send emma's resume to Lou Soldano.   Lou, please give me a call if you have any questions about this lady.  Thanks. 
 Thanks for the heads up--I'll talk to him tomorrow.  DF 
 I recall that we set up a warning flag approach with market services last year to make sure that Sempra never "goes physical" without us manning the battle stations and deciding what to do.  Do you guys know who the noms would come in to in Market Services if Sempra ever decided to try to take their gas out of Cunningham and move it off system?  Care to venture a guess as to what that person would do if a 100,000 nom by Sempra into an IT contract for a haul from the Cunningham storage point to Demarc hit their desk?  Sempra couldn't nom the gas into a transport contract without first giving Kent/Sue/Morgan a physical delivery nom under the SF agreement, correct?  At which point we would immediately nom the SBA, correct?  These issues may be