 Hi Rhonda,  I know you are not the one who is working on this but I forgot who was....Can you tell me who and forward this email to that person.  I'm a little concerned about my State Income Tax deduction.  I have not yet seen any withdraws from my check and I know State of Oregon will charge you penalties if you exceed a certain amount per quarter.  Please look into this as soon as you can.  Thank You.  lisa 
 I think its on or about page 84.  lisa 
 Hi Sabrina, I'm working on the suject DMS.  I'm going to need detailed settlement data from the counterparty.  Thanks,  Lisa 
 I NEED YOU FOR A MOMENT..  LISA 
 HELLO??????  LISA 
 for you info  lisa 
 For your info.  lisa 
 Thanks.  Just to clarify, I am needing Enron's deal number.  lisa 
 Thanks!  lisa 
 Virgina, correct me if I'm wrong, I believe BPA has special rules when energy is curtailed.  Instead of us charging them with liquidated damages, BPA will not bill for the hours curtailed.  I track and record the cuts by modifying the deal in deal scheduling so that settlement is aware of the cuts.  lisa 
 Scheduling will resume as normal on Friday July 5th for SW and NW.  I will come in and schedule.  For California, we can schedule in advance on the 3rd for July 4th-8th.  I will be here to cover for California on Friday in case of problems.  Lisa 
 a little hung over....hey did you ask your sister?????????????????????????? 
 Both for all of Dec and or any day that has discrepancy. Thanks!  lisa 
 I'm working on settlement issues for NVP, DMS 12398.  Can you provide me with a deal#?  Lisa 
 I'm working on a settlement issue with subject counterparty for December.  The unique id is 12596.  Can you send me Hafslund's detailed data for Dec 1?  Lisa 
 NO FROM THAT PLACE WE WENT YESTERDAY,,,YOU CAN GET GREAT HARVEST AND I'LL GET THE ORAGE CHICKEN..  LISA 
 yeah, i sort of want that orange chicken again...what do you think 
 Jennifer,  I made comment on the spreadsheet.  I saved your sheet under p:scheduling:settlement:12593 - BPA  Thanks,  Lisa 
 I just faxed another copy.  I had total of 44 hours last week for your info.  Please let me know 