 Donna:  what is Gay day?  I do not want to miss any significant events. 
 Bob:  per your request, here is the rundown on Patti's activities for August and beyond.  1.  We calculated the amount we made on her experience in handling El Paso's transport to be close to $1 million/ month.  2.  I could not even begin to calculate the amount made just by having her here.  If Patti had just quit with everyone else gone, the amount lost on El Paso would be huge, including loss of credibility on our part with our customers.  The exact amount would be close to $1 million/month I would think.  3.  The spreads out West have been huge this summer.  We were able to take advantage of this because Patti was here to do the scheduling during a very difficult time.  4.  When I was out for the entire month of August, Patti was not only holding down a desk that usually three people handle, but was also filling in on management duties.  5.  Patti worked 14 weeks in a row, including weekends, without taking a day off.  She worked at least 12 hours a day during this time, handling several different jobs at a time.  6.  The exact value of what Patti did is hard to determine.  I would estimate that her presence here and stepping in to help out was woth about $5 million to the desk. 
 Toni:  Debra is a nice enough person, but does not really fit our needs.  She did not seem to fully understand what our job would entail, and I had a hard time figuring out what she does now.  She does not seem to possess the energ y level or the sense of urgency our job requires.  She is clearly not a hire from my perspective.  Call me if you need anything else. 
 Jennifer:  we can agree to Southwestern's volume amount for the 10 mmbtu's. Thanks. 
 Hey guys:  just to follow up after our discussion this morning on unfinaled invoices, the following will be our procedures.  10th day of month:  invoices sent out 1st business day after 10th:  we will get the unfinaled invoice report from settlements and start working on clearing all discrepancies.  We will have all discrepancies cleared by the 5th work day after the 10th. 25th day of month:  purchase stuff goes out. 1st work day after 25th:  unfinaled invoice report from settlements, same timetable to clear all discrepancies.  Remember:  a discrepancy will consist of anything that could hold an invoice from going out the door. We need to be very receptive to other groups in helping them clear these up. We know more about these deals than anyone, so let's be helpful. Let's also try to clear these up in a way so as to avoid causing these problems in the future, if we can.  Thanks in advance for everyone's help. 
 Toni:  just about any day would be fine.  We are really busy between 7:30 and 11:30 every morning.  Just let me know when you want to sit down with us. Thanks. 
 Toni:  I would be happy to interview thses candidates.  I also have a couple of people that I am already familiar with who I would like to bring in.  What do I need to do to make this happen?  Thanks. 
 Jennifer:  it will be done soon! 
 Bob:  here we go again. 
 Bob:  here is what I have so far.  There may be additions (hopefully not deletions).   Thanks. 
 FYI 
 Tim:  thanks for the info.  We will follow this from now on. 
 Anita:  civic club news for this month.  If you have any questions call me at 281-334-2024. 
 Marlene:  the following information per your request to set up Transcolorado Pipeline in Global.  Transcolorado Gas Transmission Company Interstate pipeline Address:  370 Van Gordon Street Lakewood, CO  80228 Phone # (Main) 303-763-3673 Contact:  Steve Irizarry  303-763-3473 Rate Zones:  Rocky Mountains San Juan  Imelda:  the curves you need to set up are Rocky Mountains:  curve will be Wyoming Hub San Juan:  curve will be El Paso San Juan Non-Bondad  Thanks, and let me know if there are any additional questions. 
 FYI:  posting on El Paso's bulletin board about the Yuma Lateral open season. 
 Just anything you want me to know about to represent you would be fine.  I feel comfortable with where you are going to be placed, and can represent you just fine with Kam's input.  How are things going?  How's the baby.  Hope all is going well.  Take care.  Randy 
 Let me know if we have any problems with this.  Thanks. 
 Bob:  this should be no problem for us.  Thanks. 
   Molly:  thanks.  I will be out this afternnon and tomorrow.  If you need anything let me know.  Thanks again. 
 You may just need warm bodies at this point, big boy 
 I might be interested. 
 Brent:  unfortunately no one from my group will be able to participate in the Kipp Academy events this weekend.  There was some interest though in future events.  Thanks. 
 Barbara:  my e-mail address is Randall.L.Gay@ENRON.COM 
 Julie:  Thanks.  Let me know when you know something different. 
 Irena:  my wife's name is Kathleen. 
 ok 
 Richard:  is there any way that someone could act as your backup for the week you are off?  We can work around Suzanne's vacation schedule with others in her group.  Let me know if we can do anything about this.  Thanks.  Randy 
 Bob:  FYI, my guys tried again last night to update and were unable to. 
 Bob:   I am still wonderring why the external modems my group had were removed.  It seems like I am always having to order modems and accessories every time we move anyone.  Since we are getting ready to move again, maybe we should get an inventory of everything each logistic's person has at their workstation, and this is what should be moved. 
 Isabel:  It is ok to pay this invoice per Randy Gay.  If you need anything else just let me know.  Thanks. 
 Looks good 
 fyi 
 Heather:  Jackie Adams will represent the West desk.  Thanks. 
 Bob:  here is the completed version with changes. 
 Let's try this with the attachment.  Thanks. 
 Heather:  can you proof this and get this ready?   Thanks. 
 Bob:  we probably need to get everyone together on this and come up with a consolidated stance before we go outside the group.  As you pointed out, there are several areas that could open us up to potential problems.  We want ot be careful not to get things out in the iopen that we do not want out. Thanks. 
 The evenings would work best for the West also. 
 Thanks 
 OK 
   Thanks Heather 
 Dave:  sounds good to the West. 
 Bob:  The problem we were having is that if they could get in, it would lock them up for up to 5 minutes and then kick them out.  This would happen over and over again.  They said it was alright from 7:30 to 8:30 am, then became unusable about 8:30.  It has gotten to the point that on most days when they get cut off and they have to log back in they do not even consider this a problem.  We need to get back to exceptional service so they do not have to keep logging back in.  Thanks Bob. 
 Scotty:  we definitely want this.  Thanks. 
 could ya'll comment on this please?  Thanks. 
 Suzanne:  thanks for your help and your prompt attention. 
 per your request 
 None as of right now. 
 Phillip:  this should be to you instead of Bob Shiring. 
 George:  a rather cynical view, don't you think? 
 Dave:  my concern not only is with the outage on Sunday, but what may happen between Sunday and Tuesday.  With everything else going on, I would hate for my group to come in here on Tuesday and have problems on top of everything else.  We are going to be having a lot to do and I would feel more comfortable without this distraction.  Let me know what you think. 
 Samantha:  could you please set Josh up to talk wityh me ASAP?  Thanks.  Randy 
 I couldn't get my e-mail to work, so I am using Randy's..... I am having trouble selling our length on PG&E for November.  Is there any way we can settle financially instead of selling the imbalance.  (it is around 16,000).  Let me know  Kim Olinger 
 Patti:  Thanks Scotty 
 No problem 
 The list looks great, although perhaps not all inclusive.  As new issues arise we will add to the list. 
 Ken:  currently we get outside E-mails from PIRA and Enerfax on a daily basis.  I do not believe we would be at a disadvantage if these were blocked the last week.  Thanks. 
 Bob:  we would be looking at El Paso and Northwest Pipelines.  Thanks. 
 Julie:  the price should be $3.54.  Thanks. 
 Who are you calling Ladies? 
 Phillip:  I agree with your conclusions, and we have already started addressing most of these issues.  First of all, I would like to say that all of the schedulers are performing at a high level, except for Hillary and Jan.  We have formally addressed Hillary's performance problems, and he is on  a schedule for improvement or he is out.  We have informally addressed Jan's performance issues with her, and next week intend to formalize that also.  That Jan makes more than anyone else in the group makes her situation quite critical in my eyes, because we are not getting a return on that investment.  The rest of the group is paid based on lots of factors that you are already aware of, years of service, years in scheduling, level of performance, etc. In Stacey's particular case, I am recommending her for promotion at the end of the year, which will bump her pay scale up and make her pay more equitable with her job performance.  Also, I intend to help smooth over other inequities through the bonus pool.  In regards to Patti, I have recommended her for a bonus for her service during the rough time we've had when we were understaffed.  Bob Superty has supported this, and the information you provided him this last week should help in that endeavour.  Patti has had her pay increased this year after a salary survey was performed by our HR group.  I would like to point out that Patti is pretty well paid for someone with her experience level.  Also, Patti would move up in the pay scale if she is promoted to Manager.  I am not sure what the exact plan is for Patti and myself as far as how that will go.  I would like to say that I feel more comfortable being back as each day goes on, and am ready to make a move to trading anytime now if that is what you and Mike still want to do.  As regards to the new hires:  yes, we can hire more like these at these prices.  We would love to have employees like Matt, and Ted and Shelly, especially at these prices.  Patti did an excellent job hiring these individuals.  We have already started the process of looking for more like these to start backfilling in for Hillary and Jan.  We also need to hire more for establishing a bigger physical presence in the west.  We probably need to sit down and go over with you and Mike as to what kind of plans you have for expanding the desk.  Finally, I would like to bring up that Lucci has requested that the Denver office do all nominations for IM Denver deals.  This has met stiff resistance in the past, and I do not know how ya'll feel about it, but I promised that I would bring it up. I personally feel that Denver and CIG would be isolated from us if the operations were to move to Denver.  If you have additional questions or comments please let me know.  Thanks. 
 Ina:  my login is rgay.  Thanks 
 Ina:  could you please get me access to ECT Trading on the O drive?  Let me know if you need anything.  Thanks. 
 Cooper, Phillip Allen pointed me in your direction to be added to access for the westpower internet site?  Let me know if you need additional information.  Thanks.  Randy x31991 
 Dwight:  thanks for the sessions we've had.  I think that moving forward in my new job will not allow me the time to continue our sessions.  Once again, thanks. 
 Ina:  from scheduling. the following people will attend tonight:  Suzanne Christiansen Patti Sullivan Matt smith Ted Evans Jan Sutherland Stacey Brewer Hillary Mack Shelly Mendel.  As you know, I will not be attending.  Thanks for everything. 
 Phillip:  the changes I would like to make are to promote Patti to Manager whenever you feel the time is right, and then I am going to recommend Stacey for promotion to Sr. Specialist based on her recent performances.  I also would like to be able to use the bonus system this year to reward some of the people who have been here the last couple of years.  It seems like we have to keep paying outside people more and we don't get to reward the experienced people who stick with us enough.  Let me know what you think.  Thanks. 
 Phillip:  I'm working on getting the official list. We should have it sometime this afternoon. 
 Theresa:  thanks for all your help over the last week.  We really appreciate it and are glad we can cooperate so closely with the Denver office.  If you need anything, let us know.  Again, Thanks. 
 Check that.?  We have pre-bid starting at 3:00.   Anytime before that would be fine.  Thanks. 
 Carrie:  sounds good.  We can meet anytime between 1:00 and 4:00.  Just let me know.  Thanks. 
 Can you believe this?  We have more red tape than Washington on this. 
 Guys:  currently the system is designed to match upstreams and downstreams for buy/sells in contract exchange, and the scheduler would then recreate these paths in Unify.  In my opinion this does not guarantee data integrity between the systems.  Carrie and I have scheduled a meeting for 1:30 pm today in 21c2 to discuss.  Please feel free to attend and give your opinions. 
 Excellent job.  Thanks for the good work. 
 Brandee:  i do not plan on being out any time in October as of this time. Thanks. 
 Diane:  if you could handle this please.  Thanks. 
 Sabra:  so thank you for giving blood, which means as much to me as the playground equipment.  Your support has been like everyone else's, overwhelming.  Take care.  Randy 
 FYI:  our NWPL out of balance is the Canadian desk not keeping up. PSCO and WIC are the Denver office.  Thanks 
 tomorrow will be just fine.  thanks 
 Phillp:  here is Richard's revised letter.  Let me know what you think. Thanks. 
 of course.  You should probably sit with Stacey, because she has the most daisy chains and confirming to do.  Any day but Friday will do this week. Let me know. 
 that is my reputation 
 sure 
 Thanks Stacey 
 I think we are on the right track from our meeting yesterday.  I talked to Patti today and she is confirming the way we want to do things from a users perspective.  My thought is that we get a good, general, working model as to how the information will flow, then take it back to our groups and go over different scenarios within each region, such as Opal Plant, Socal, etc.  We can see how the information will flow and see what we need to tinker with.  I also have a few questions we need to think about at some point, and I did not want to forget them.  1.  When we make a change to an existing upstream/downstream contract, how will we notify the counterparties that a change has occurred.  2.  Should we lock out our customer's at some time so they can't make changes at a late time?  We could do the rest over the phone.  3.  On EDI pipes, we could conceivably make changes up to 11:45 am, but it would affect customers whose noms are due at 11:30.  I thought these were just questions we might want to think about.  I'm sure there are a lot of others.  Thanks. 
 Bob:   I have not met with them in a long time, and do not plan to anymore. Thanks. 
 Heather:  just get us all $1000.00. 
 Russell:  the following baseload deals were done with JC Energy for August  PGT Malin  1896/day @ 4.10 PGT Tuscarora  350/day @ 4.10  Thanks. 
 Heather:  no West Deskers need to go late.  Thanks. 
 Russell:  i sold JC Energy 1.284/day @ socal @ Index flat for the month of August.  Let me know if you need anything else. 
 Donna:  this sounds acceptable to us.  Thanks. 
 Toni:  I do not think Mike would be suitable at this time.  Thanks. 
 Bob:  here is our list of West desk applications for Windows 2000.  DartPlus via Citrix Northwest Passage via Citrix Northwest Passage via Internet Kern River via Citrix Internet Explorer for Williams Field Services and Questar (internet) Cig via Internet Cig dialup Pacific Gas Trail PG&E Inside Tracc Williston Basin Pipeline via internet EL Paso Passport Transwestern Hottap via Internet Gas Select via Citrix  If we think of any more I will let you know.  Thanks. 
 Toni:  I would like to interview Mike asap.  Thanks. 
 We have the same concerns. 
 The good guys win again. 
 Jana:  I have set up an interview for ttomorrow afternoon with Mason.  I will let you know how it goes.  Thanks for the help. 
 As discussed in Richards's prior memo, as discussed in Donna's prior memo, the scheduled quantities have now been turned off from now until midnight. 
 Maybe just half a day for me. 
 Patti will definitely be out on Friday.  I am thinking about being out (I have a lot of vacation left). 
 Bob:  the only other thing I might add is that it makes a record of confirmed nomination information that may help in discrepancies (wrong contract #'s, etc.).  Otherwise, this is a great starting point. 
 Bob:  just to update my previous memo, Cynthia Lara has just accepted our offer, with a tentative start date of Monday July 17th.  Thanks. 
 Bob:  as of right now, the following are leaving  Denise Squirrel  leaving company Natalie Baker  Central Desk rates group  The following have outstanding offers:  Cynthia Lara  Sr. Specialist  $60,000  The following will be made an offer  Josh Chapa  Sr. Specialist  $60,000  I am also planning to bring in an associate  (Phillip is working on this).  If you need anything else just let me know.  Thanks. 
 Toni:  please make the offer to Josh Chapa asap.  Thanks. 
 Toni:  can you please work up an offer for Josh Chapa for $60,000?  Do not make the offer until you hear back from me, but I would like to move on this asap.  Thanks. 
 Toni:  I've been gone the last few days, so could you give me an update as to where we are on Cynthia's offer and/or her response?  Thanks. 
 Toni:  I would like to extend an offer to Cynthia Lara.  I interviewed her last week.  The offer should be $58,000/year.  If you have any questions just let me know or contact Patti Sullivan @ x30494 or Bob Superty.  Thanks for your help. 
 Bob:  not too many new ones.  1.  Continued to see increased volumes and transactions on desk.  As of November, we have increased volumes to over 5 Bcf/day, up from about 2 Bcf/day last six month period.  We are continuing to handle month end close, and get all volumes scheduled daily.  2.  Continued to give support to the contract exchange project.  We have given my time and the resources from the group.  3.  Re-staffed the group after we lost some key, experienced personnel.  We have the new guys up and running and hope to really make some things happen from here on out.  If I think of any thing else I will let you know.  Thanks. 
 Jana:  go ahead and set me up to interview the people whose resumes I have received (I did receive them).  Thanks. 
 Jana:  I would definitely like to have an analyst start as soon as possible. Let me know what the procedure is (i.e. do I interview, will an anlyst just be assigned to me, etc.)  I had already talked to Mason Hamlin before, and he opted for another rotation, although he was perffectly acceptable to me.  So let me know what I need to do and when I could expect an analyst.  Also, a new hire analyst is acceptable.  Thanks. 
 You are awesome.  Thanks. 
 Bob:  we had no cuts attributed to the outage.  Thanks. 
 Bob:  here is our status from this mornings outage event.  NWPL:  we were able to manually input 80% of next days nominations.  Since we were not able to EDI, we will have to manually input all successive nominations for the day, as well as all actual scheduled volumes in Unify. We were also only able to get in our 80% of nominations with NWPL's help, as they extended the nomination deadline for us.  The other 20% of next day business will be nominated as an intra-day.  El Paso:  basically the same as NWPL..  We were able to manually get in 100% of nominations, but only because El Paso kept their system open an extra hour for us.  Let me know if you need aything else.  Thanks. 
 Jana::  I am the manager of West Desk Logistics, and I would like to start having analysts rotate into my group.  The gas trading desk director, Phillip Allen is also very high on this idea.  Could you give me a call so we could discuss?  I would like to get one of the new hires as quickly as possible. My extension is 31991.  Thanks. 
 Toni:  give me a call so we can discuss Josh.  Also, I need Cynthia Lara scheduled for interviews as soon as possible.  Thanks.  You can reach me at 31991. 
 Veronica:  per your request.  Thanks. 
 I guess whoever would like to.  Everyone seems to need people right now. Thanks. 
  kam:  do i need to do anything? 
 charles:  the 2.20 price is the correct price.  it was changed to reflect this.  let me know if you need anything else.  thanks 
 Kim:  attached are my more detailed remarks on citizens and the cuts.  please let me know if this will be ok.  thanks. 
 Stephanie:  scott never called back yesterday, after repeated calls.  I called him a few minutes ago, and he wanted his lawyers to talk to Gerald, before they make a deal.  So at least the ball is starting to roll.  Will let you know what happens.  Thanks   Randy 
 It's not the same as a self evaluation form but I hope you find this informative as to my where abouts this year.  I am collecting similar lists from the folks who report to me. 
 Updated as requested. Thanks 
 I definately would not discuss this with Petrobras.  Simply confirm that there is no credit requirement for the Bank or that the Bank we want to use exceeds any credit requirement and arrange the L/C required with Robin Verial.  Lets not make this a bigger task than it is. 
 Thanks for allowing me to have a say, Joe. 
 This looks pretty administrative. Are we required to send this to the banks= ?=20 If so please proceed, Christian. 
 Do we have an English version of the expert opinion concerning the Eletrabras guarantee that I can be reviewing?  I would like to present this along with the other things to the lenders next week. 
 In light of numerous construction delays, increased sponsor contributions, unusual central bank exposures etc. we would like to conduct a comprehensive review of our insurance coverages  for the Cuiaba I Project.  I am availble at your convenience to begin meeting for the exchange of info which will be required to fulfill this endeavor. I will be the point person on behalf of the project.  My Assistant, Blanca Bollom can make all of the meeting arrangements. Please let us know who should attend. 
 We are in good shape. 
 Thanks, Guys  I have just finished reviewing the docs which provide a pretty clear picture of  how the negotiations are going.  This looks to be a pretty good outcome from a financing standpoint.  I have not explained it to the lenders yet but will appraise them that a settlement is in progress and though there are some concessions, on balance we still have a strong package.  The one area where I would suggest a change is with respect to the way you are handling the noise. I would suggest that instead of writing it with no test on gas, just relax the requirement to where they have to meet the World Bank Guideline on gas. Other than that it looks good but I have a few questions and clarifications, so maybe you and Cliff could call when you have a break in the action. Thanks 
 That's great for me. 
 Ok for me 
 I'm fine with this and ready to sign if Rick Lammers is happy. 
 I am going to talk with them tomorrow at 8:30 CST.  You can join if you like.  Have you talked to Brad or Sue at S&W? 
 I don't need to be involved in the wording of the L/C as long as Rick Lammers is involved and it should probably be the same or substantially similar to the existing one from ABN.  If we have to do some free form work let me know and I will take a look at it. 
 Cliff,  Can you e-mail me the contract between Siemens and SCC? 
 Thanks.  I have suggested to OPIC/KFW that perhaps S&W should listen in. We'll see if they had time to arrange it.  If not we will follow up after.  Regards, 
 We just had a call with Novak, Barquin (V&E) and Tozzini on options for next Monday such as economic equilibrium, arbitration, litigation etc. We will be putting all the results together for you by Friday Morning.  In the mean time, it may be helpful for you to reflect on the following (particularly the table). This is really starting to bring it into focus for me.  We will try to do the same for our options on Monday's decision. 
 I contacted Graham Lofts and he was shocked and surprised.  He is going to look into the situation and get back to me tonight or tomorrow morning. I will advise when I hear. 
 Dan,  Sorry I forgot. Things have been intense lately on Cuiaba.  Below you will find a summary which addresses your request. Please let me know if you want more details. 
 Cliff, Did we ever produce this?  I thought we decided to wait and see if we were going to use bonds.  If it exists, is there any reason why a potential buyer of Cuiaba should not see it?  Tracee - There is documentation on the KFW hedge as you know.  The only thing we could provide on the OPIC loan is a requirement of the lenders to be fixed which would be in the CTA if it was required in this instance (or the other OPIC documents).  It could be that the only requirement was in the OPIC FOGA which originally required us to be fixed within 12 months of funding. However, we modified this and now we must select either a Citibank bank loan which would be fixed prior to funding by a swap or if we issue bonds they will be fixed rate.  Please see FOGA. 
 Dan  I just re-read this memo.  I can respond for Cuiaba but I need to enlist Eduardo, Brian & Peter to obtain status and issues on their projects.  I will forwrd a recent summary of issues on Cuiaba.  Also, by projects do you mean major infrastructure transactions or do you mean everything thhat is going on? 
 A little greater  minutia 
 Pete,  The F/M relief sited may not apply in all instances because technically we may have failed to preserve our rights by not notifying Furnas for 6 months. They have responded as such although they have not assessed any penalties to date.  The real test is may 4 when we are supposed to be in Phase 3 on Gas. 
 I was just trying to touch base after the lender call this morning and debrief.  I thought you and John were great, particularly John's step-in on the heat rate/degradation issue.  Thanks to both of you.  I also wanted to visit on the latest plan for the ridges.  Thirdly, I wanted to discuss your thoughts on the achievability of our positions with SCC and Siemens.  Finally, we should circle up on the TAA once we get Cliff's response.  He led me to believe that we really had little to fear in the discussion I had with him.  Regards  Rob 
 This is the matrix related to the the Cuiaba II discussion on shared services. 
 Graham just called back and said that the Rio M&A people were engaged by Petrobras to review other Enron asset sales ( I think this implies Elektro and the LDC's) and it was only recently that we requested that Petrobras consider Cuiaba as well. In any case he assured me that there is a strong Chinese wall between the project finance group and the M&A group so it is unlikely that they could obtain any info as a result. He assured me that they will make everyone aware of the need for increased care on Cuiaba information handling due to this situation.  Let me know if you require more.  It is my understanding that Neal provided similar reasuarance at your meeting today. 
 No, he was moving out of the region as I came in.  He worked for Rick Lammers who speaks highly of him though. 
 Can you be available for a call with S&W on Monday 10:00 CST? 
 Questions which arose during my discussions with Sue Garven today concerning the turbine performance and associated warranty and TAA issues.  We may be able to change to 9:00 if that works for Brad and Laine as well. 
 Maybe we can convince his successor tthat Cuiaba I is now "new and improved= ". 
 Rick,  In preparation for the meeting with the lenders on Tuesday I was reviewing the GSA and I wonder if YPF has any force majeure claims which could impede our rights to terminate.  I know they indicated at least verbally that they had encountered some problems in Argentina.  Although a stretch has Dean or Novak indicated that this could be a defense? 
 I will be bringing all of the details of our sponsor support as back-up materials including the details of the purpose and amount of each item and the fall away provisions. 
 Interesting piece of history - my notes from a lecture I gave Bannantine Circa 2/00-4/00 
 The matrix with the implications of arbitration will be done this afternoon. We received Tozzini's input over the weekend 
 I noticed that for construction and cost overruns you inserted the words "Must Complete" even if we sell EPE or in the case of Petrobras alll of the project.  Is it your view that the gas suppliers will not consider participating in any overrun support? 
 I like this conceptually as an approach to manage costs but see the potential problems with Shell if EECC is paid on time.  I think it may also be extremely difficult to rework the LD's because the EECC wrap does not match up with the subs very well (in some cases EECC's protection exceeds the subs and in other is less).  I also wonder who is the credit for contractor obligations in this scenario for the lenders? 
 Can you print 10 color copies? Thanks 
 Once more 
 Tracee,  Could you print this out and let's try another round together.  Thanks 
 Here is what we have been developing.  See what you think and then maybe you can help me refine. 
 I hope I can get to this today.   Maggie Li @ EES   01/18/2001 02:02 PM 
 Rick, Laine, and John, please add any comments or subjects which you think Jim should address with Munoz. He would like to call him some time today. 
 I spoke with Dick Vincent who indicated that we will have no problem obtaining 12 mos renewable business interruption insurance when we go operational on gas.  This should solve the warranty issue with the banks because it covers defects, design, and workmanship on the turbines and includes lost profits, etc.  Incidentally, for insurance purposes the turbines are designated DE3 which is not a new technology designation.   Typically we will always have this coverage in place but if their is a supplier warranty then the party providing the warranty pays ahead of the insurer.  In the case where the supplier does not pay or the warranty has ended then the insurer will pay.   Now we just need to come up with a fix for the drop dead date.  Regards,   Rob 
 I will be out on Th & FRi because my wife is having surgery.  I can't have my cel on in the hospital but I will have it with me and will check voice mail from time to time.  Shelly Butler with the Associate program HR indicated that by giving Tracee the short term employment we will be responsible for her termination package at the end of that time (approx. 6 mos or $40,000).  We probably need to do some structuring here, no? 
 Thanks, same to you.  I was not here on the day so this is late but best wishes. 
 Thanks, same to you.  I was not here on the day so this is late but best wishes. 
 The lenders would like a list of the potential producers in Bolivia for Cuiaba I and if info is available on their holdings please provide that as well.  Can we also give the details of the Vintage transaction as an example of our capabilities?   If their consent is required can you obtain?  KFW is ok on relying solely on the back-up fuel supply support but OPIC is not there yet.  Also, KFW is offering to allow us to go back to floating on interest rate. They will provide the cost within the next 24 hours, but they have indicated that it will be significantly less than US$250,000 for a current estimated annual savings of 60 bps.  This sounds like a good move to me. 
 John can you give me some feedback on this before it goes.  I am waiting on input from Rick concerning the Vintage deal. 
 Thank you Frank.  I am preparing the written version now and hope to have it today. 
 Two agreements have been negotiated with Siemens as part of the plant turnover for Provisional Completion Phase III on oil: 1) the EOT Claim Agreement between Siemens and SCC and 2) modifications to the TAA between Siemens and EPE.  The changes which the lenders should review are as follows:  EOT Claim Agreement  14 Day Availability Test with respect to Provisional Completion Phase III on oil, on a look-back basis over 6 months, required as a specific performance requirement After PC on oil, Siemens can demobilize Compensation for commissioning on oil $5,720,000; $30,000 per day for owner delay Bonus of $15,000 per day that PC achieved before 17 Feb Phase III Substantial Completion on gas 60 days prior written notice on gas availability If sound level guarantees demonstrated on oil, only need to demonstrate far field sound on gas Owner must operate and maintain per O&M manuals and industry practices on oil; if not, owner must correct items materially affecting Contractor's commissioning obligations Performance guarantees remain in tact per EPC Long stop date on Phase III Substantial Completion on gas of 31 Dec 01 Substantial Completion on gas - punchlist limited to deficiencies from Work performed to achieve Substantial Completion on gas Risk of Loss remains with owner during commisioning on gas Siemens agrees to enter into negotiations to provide operational assistance Degradation - agree to use curves with credit to owner for degradation during commissioning Compensation for commissioning on natural gas $1,220,000 lump sum; $20,000 per day for owner delay Warranty - 6 months after Provisional Completion on oil Option to buy extended warranty for up to 6 months at $175,000; must elect 60 days prior to expiration of Primary Warranty Period Performance LD's on gas per the EPC contract with first $4,000,000 forgiven by owner Delay LD's on gas do not start until 60 days after performance test on gas Payments to be paid (including EOTof $5,720,000): 15 Feb  $5,446,141; 28 Feb $14,353,401 with offset of $4,000,000 for Phase I LD payment due from Siemens to SCC Late payment interest rate of 14%  TAA Agreement  Effective date Provisional Completion Phase III on oil No 12 month look back 12 month Initial Guarantee Period, with the clock suspended for gas commissioning unless owner delay.   Additional Insurance  In order to provide the lenders an adequate warranty period on gas (if there are additional delays on the P/L) our Insurance group has  indicated that we will have no problem obtaining 12 months renewable business interruption insurance when we go operational on gas.  This should solve the issue over the revised warranty with Siemens because it covers defects, design, and workmanship on the turbines and includes lost profits, etc.  Incidentally, for insurance purposes the turbines are designated DE3 which is not a new technology designation.   The duration of BI coverage is 18 months per event with US$150,000 deductible. Typically we will always have this coverage in place but if their is a supplier warranty then the party providing the warranty pays ahead of the insurer.  In the case where the supplier does not pay or the warranty has ended then the insurer is the primary.   We will need to execute these agreements immediately.  Please advise with your thoughts as soon as possible.. 
 We are still pursuing the ownership issue.  I am adding a section to the letter which should update you on the way I am playing it.  Regards  Rob 
 Chris,  Nancy and Mary took the budget news well.  Their response was "I don't care what the number is as long as the sponsors are stepping up for it." Frank also did not object.  Unfortunately, they are saying that the CCT/CUST interconnection issue must be resolved before funding.  Their concern is that if we sign then EPE will be subject to third party liability with members of the grid.  They are willing to meet with us next week on the budget and the ECA but Cliff is not availble until Thursday.  Can you make it later in the week?  I'll keep you posted. 
 When I open this letter there is nothing there.  Can you send again? 
 I need the PPA reference for the Eletrobras performance guarantee.  Quickly please - this has to go out tonight. 
 In preperation for our call, the memo which was requested.  I will also be able to brief you on this week's progress with Furnas.  I have a lawyer tracing the section reference for the Eletrobras performance guarantee which appears as brackets in the memo.  I should be able to advise you of the exact reference tomorrow morning when we talk.  Regards,  Rob 
 I've updated the memo to insert the missing references.  I also learned that he meetings with ONS and ANEEL are scheduled for tomorrow.  Thanks 
 The banks have given us the  green light on gas.  That means that they will be prepared to fund with the back-up agreements only, even if the YPF GSA is being re- negotiated or if we are in discussions with other suppliers. 
 All the Best. Jim  You have meant a lot to countless people and their families.  The Gays in particular will be forever in your debt.  Regards,  Rob, Dee, Chelsea, & Derek Gay 
 The banks are considering and they have enlisted Bob Shapiro's help as of today.  The y are shooting for an answer by next Friday.. 
 Cliff Rankin has indicated he won't be available until Thursday so I think we may need to shoot for the budget on Wednesday and the ECA on Thurs.  Will this work? 
 According to Cliff Shedd, we would be covered by insurance if we terminated the contract with Furnas and Furnas failed to pay the termination payment. However the insurers will only pay after we receive an arbitration judgement against them and the