 Susan Zilker Salons of Post Oak. 
 I was not aware that you were having  problems.  This is the first I have heard of them.  I do not know Cliff Jackson and I am unable to control his actions.  I am not even sure if he works for ETS.   In the future,  if you are having problems, please contact someone in my department, Judy Lin, Mary Botello or James Weitekamp.   Please provide me with a complete list of the things you need and we will be more than happy to work with you.  Tracy 
 Lets get together to discuss billing of interest to EOTT. 
 I am not sure what this is.  I thought we were billing the costs down to a legal entity.  This does not tie to the numbers Elise gave us. 
 I would think what you are charging should include benefits and payroll taxes as they are part of employee expenses.  I don't think there is a way in SAP to stop that from happening unless it is a manual entry. 
 You should probably come to this or someone from Steve's group. 
 Shouldn't Julia White attend this?  After all she is gas control and I think they should be represented.  Should I ask Steve Harris this question? 
 What do you think? 
 Please take me off your distribution list for monthly close contacts.   Thanks  Tracy Geaccone 
 are you on this distribution? 
 approved 
 I am not sure all of you need to go, but for sure Jeanette.  Please let John know. 
 approved 
 have you tried this?  my schedule feeds this? 
 I faxed this before lunch. 
 La Strada?  What about Sierra Grill on Montrose?  I don't much care for Michaelangelos.  Vincents or Ninos? 
 I assume you will answer this.  Thanks 
 I think its March 6.  I threw the letter away. 
 Are you going to the room parent meeting tomorrow morning? 
 Please provide list of names to John Keiser.  I will not be attending this session.  I will be in Omaha.  Thanks 
 Steve Harris has his group meeting some where and they have hired a bus to take them to and from the rodeo.  Just a suggestion. 
 Put me in for Diana Ross.  Do we get to invite our spouses? 
 In the future, please work with Jennifer Lev's group.  She handles the accounting for this entity for Enron.  Thanks     Sheila Howard 02/05/2001 12:45 PM 
 Karl Jackson is at EOTT.  They have access to SAP in order to retrieve data for Co 1195.  Can you let him know when he can extract data?  We need to see it they want us to continue to send them a bill for Co 1195 (bill for all CASH spent).  We also need to discuss you guys sending an invoice for interest.  Thanks 
 Can you help her out. 
 Find out where this meeting on Tuesday and please attend for me. 
 No problem. 
 I do not think I need to attend this.  Let me know if you feel otherwise.  Thanks 
 Please take care of this.  Pay within the next week.  Charge Co 366  CC 111723.  Thanks 
 I can speak on your behalf.  I have left your numbers flat to plan.  You might want to sit in just to see how he wants to handle this going forward and how all of this fits together.  I will be sending you the schedules within the next few minutes. 
 ??????? 
 fyi 
 fyi 
 We will be meeting on Wednesday, Feb. 7 from 9-11 in 47C2. 
 what did you think 
 This unfortunately is true.  We, ETS, have agreed to an amount which is flat to previous years.  The IT has new managment in, primarily Kerry Roper formerly Clean Fuels, to try to fix or actually create a billing system similar to what we had.  Rod and Steve Hotte have been involved in this.  At this point in time, there is not a better alternative.  Tracy 
 okey 
 I would like to include Rod Hayslett as well.  I will book 49C2 on 2/7 from 9-11 if everyone is available. 
 We have resolved this issue. 
 For your approval.  Laura said there was not really a deadline for this. 
 Check against functional income statement and Co 366 schedules 
 Feb. 10? 
 1999 = 9,182 Bbtu/d 2000 = 9,130 Bbtu/d  Decline due to Northern Natural Gas lower south end volumes and lower offshore volumes.  Lower volumes does not necessarily mean lower revenues.  NNG's revenues are over 85% fixed.  The south end volumes have a very low transport rate as well.  Please let me know if you need anything else. 
 see below 
 approved 
 approved 
 For your approval 
 Are you guys going to the West U Park Lover's Ball? 
 I am not speaking of capital, only O & M.  I really need a list of all items on the balance sheet for reserves, def. charges etc.  I need to know when they will turn, what they are for and if they are in your 2001 plan.  thanks 
 Please verify numbers.  Thanks Tracy 
 thanks 
 congratulations!!!! 
 I will let you know when I have the company set up in SAP (the accounting system).  You can still do business, I just can't record any transactions.  This should only take one week.  Tracy 
 I need the company listed below set up in SAP.  The parent is 1N9.  The name of the company is Mavrix Transportation Trading Corp.  It will need one profit center and one cost center at this time.  Please let me know when the set up is complete.  Thanks 
 no exceptions.  How is the calendar coming for my group.  I would like to review with you by the end of the week.  Thanks 
 I need a list of all 2000 dollars that we carried into 2001 by Wednesday.  You can round to the nearest $100,000.  Let me know if they are in the 2001 plan or not.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Its being rescheduled. 
 EOTT, MLP YTD estimate 12/31/00   $13.0 Enron's share                                                      .38 --------- Enron's share 2000 earnings                        4.9 December 1999 non-recurring                    (3.2) --------- Enron's booked earnings 2000                   $1.7 
 fyi 
 This is the new company the TW people set up.  They set it up as subsidiary of TW.  Moran is okey with that. 
 I don't think I will be able to make it.  I talked to Shelley on Friday and she is sending Kim Nelson in her place. 
 What do you think? 
 This should be charged to the ENA HPL not Co 584. 
 Sophie said she gave you coding a couple of weeks ago for me. 
 Lets meet and we will probably have some follow up.  Thanks 
 I don't know if we want to change accounting methodology.  Your call. 
 lets make sure we save these on the lan. 
 okey 
 The location is EB 3907. 
 Sharon,  Garret will go home with Brett Gutstein on Tuesday, Feb. 27.  Thanks  Tracy Geaccone 
 I think we really need to have this meeting.  We have some issues we need to discuss.  I have had a tough time getting these people together.  Do both of you need to attend the other meeting? 
 Please plan to attend a meeting to discuss TW maintenance scheduled for this year.  We would like to discuss when the maintenance will be, the duration, and what will be done.  Please be prepared to discuss any savings we will have from the plan for maintenance that will not have to be done because of our planned expansion (capital and expense.)  We will be meeting on Monday, February 26 at 3:00.  I will send out the location later today.  Thanks  Tracy Geaccone 
 can you complrtr for me 
 fyi add the VPs listed belowto our calendar distribution if we have any changes. 
 Steve Harris said that he has not agreed to this amount.  I thought Steve Hotte had buy in from everyone??? 
 fyi 
 I thought we were supposed to use XMS new system? 
 I understand.  I will call you for lunch later.  thanks 
 Call me and lets discuss 
 Diane,  I have all the parent volunteers for the zoo trip lined up.  Do you need anything else for the trip, i.e. juice boxes, etc.?  Let me know and we will have it for you.  Tracy Geaccone 
 thanks for the heads up!!! 
 Pat, you may be interested in this from a gross/net perspective. 
 Danny,  The attached below is where we will be for margins.  This is what we talked about last week.   The other expenses associated with commercial seem to be flat to plan.   I do not have anything else for you at this time.  I should have something by tomorrow and I will send to Julie.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Laura,  Judy should have been listed as CP17 in the PRC.  Her bonus shuld have been $5,600 which falls in the low range of the level for someone ranked a 3.  Please take care of this for me.   Thanks  Tracy Geaccone 
 I think we should show margins and expense and come down to net contribution.  I think it be important to maintain the margin stuff separately.  We also should show the assets sales and others separately. 
 These are different than what was in the file you sent out.  I just wanted to make sure they were what you intended them to be. 
 Please make sure you inform the BUCs the new date it is due in to you. 
 I think you should include net commercial contribution as that is what Danny is responsible for.  Can you add to this schedule. 
 Please take care of this 
 I thought this was resolved.  I will follow up. 
 We need to get the common stock booked.  Please see below.  Thanks 
 I will do the planning for this company.  I assume Jennifer Lev's group will do the accounting as it is an ETS company.  Please let me know if you decide anything different.  Thanks 
 Wednesday 1:00-2:30 
 Can I go?    Rod Hayslett 
 I am having to reschedule because of Steve Harris' meeting.  I will let you know when I have a room. 
 We really don't want too many people at the meeting.  I am afraid the room will be overflowing.  Could you send Caroline and either Tony or Amy?  Thanks 
 Sorry, I left you off the distribution. 
 This year we will be looking at the income statement on a functional basis rather than a legal entity basis.  As such, it is important the you and/or your functional unit coordinator (BUC) attend these meetings.  Your BUC should be meeting with you prior to these meetings to review your numbers.  We sent a planning calendar out last week which shows when these meetings are scheduled.  You do not need to attend the pre-meetings.  Our first meeting with Stan for the first quarter is on Friday, February 23 at 3:30 in 49C2.  Please let me know if you did not receive the calendar or could not find it on the intranet. 
 How are you feeling?  Jon said you had some fluid removed from your lungs. = Did that go okey?  Lastest scoop.. Mike Moran is retiring. 
 I need this paid right away!!  I sent an e-mail out to you last month on this.  The expense needs to go against the environmental reserve on 1N9.  Please let me know the status. 
 fyi 
 Could you explain support for TW OBA reporting. 
 enjoy!!! 
 Please attend if possible. 
 I will call and let Lucindas know.  I have left you a voicemail to call me and tell about the soccer deal.  My number is 713-853-7372. 
 It could, but we don't know what Stan wants to talk about until we get closer.  It usually runs 5 or so hrs.  I would schedule 8 for now. 
 The invitation Rocio sent did not mention where the meeting is to be held on 2/20 at 9:00?????? 
 whenever your ready 
 How many will we have on Sunday and what time should we go? 
 I called everyone today.  The trip is to the ZOO.  I will let you know if anyone can't make it.  I have spoken to some and left messages for other. 
 Is this something worth checking into? 
 Welcome back.  All the statistical data is on the Investor relations website.  I don't have an extra one.  They are in the kitchen on 49.   Investor relations drafts that supplement and has in the past worked with me to get any data they don't already have and to review the content. 
 Can you work with Lee on this one. 
 Stan has not directed me to do so.  He is the one who told me to send the $15,000. It is not really a % of anything.  Its your call.      Rod Hayslett 
 I will call everyone and remind them about Sat. at 9:00 and I will get shirt orders and money on Sat.  Let me know what size you will need.  Thanks 
 I was hoping to find out the team colors before odering practice shirts.  Do we know what they are? 
 James Weitekamp who works for me sent out my full year planning calendar last week via e-mail.  I have asked him to resend to you. 
 lets discuss 
 Does Danny want his VPs at the meeting with Stan on Feb. 23? 
 I am not sure why John does not have a copy. 
 You might want to bring about 5 copies.  Thanks 
 I think we need to meet on this, I am confused.     MARIA CISNEROS 02/13/2001 11:31 AM 
 ??????????????????????? 
 Not really, because assessments are run at the end of the month only.  We can bill 584 and then you guys can make an entry to move 1/2 to 012? 
 I will let you know as soon as we are clear on this.  Thanks 
 I like the reports.  I think we need a input section where it lists data by contract/shipper where we can manipulate and add  data for weekly/daily deals.  I also would like for there to be a section to extend to outer years.  We also need to the far right of the monthly a quarterly sum.  Some IT people will be joining us at 4:00 today.  Thanks  Tracy 
 I just want to make sure it works !!! 
 We will bill in February the full amount.  We will not bill any charges in March unless services are being provided. This should apply to the Corporate charges as well.  The corporate charges should not be reallocated amongst only ETS companies.  They should be spread across all Enron Business units.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Does that mean we will be taking the company plane??? 
 What exactly will we buy with ibuyit?  I am not sure what level and what dept I should choose from. 
 I will not be ready to discuss first quarter tomorrow, Tuesday, Feb 13.  Is this for the 20th? 
 none 
 We had a great time Saturday.  I hope you guys had a good weekend.  Would you like to go to Lucindas Friday or Sunday evening?  Maybe we can get the other couple thats going skiing to go with us???  Tracy 
 fyi 
 No staff meeting this week.  Please call me if you want to discuss anything.  FYI, next week I will only have from 10:00-10:30.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Lets go ahead and pay this.  It goes against the environmental reserve on 1N9. 
 Is it okey for us to start billing the $3MM to you over the next 11months?  Just tell us where.  Thanks  Tracy 
 My group is okey 
 No, according to the agreement this must be a separate billing. 
 Please send to Karl Jackson.  I guess they can send us payment and we can intercompany with Corp. 
 Hey,  I included you on this hoping you could help us get the management team at EES come up with some big bucks.  We are not looking for  the $1 donation from everyone in EES.  Thanks  Tracy 
 We already on to this one.  I am not sure if it will handle the level of margin detail we need.  Mark Frank is supposed to set up demo for us. 
 Has Lee agreed to help us run plan assessments on Feb. 20? 
 yes 
 Any thoughts before I begin? 
 Please forward CC upload and FAR upload template. 
 Gary does not need the walk through after all.  Thanks anyway.  We still need to get a drink one nite. Let me know what your schedule is.  Thanks Tracy 
 fyi 
 I will give it a try. 
 none 
 Are you going to take care of this? 
 After reviewing the budget yesterday, we noticed that goodwill was still being amortized in 2002.  We need to take that out of your numbers.  Jim and Kiri thought it was approximately $14 million.  Thus, PGG should have an IBIT of $270.  Please revise file and send back to me and copy Steve Schwarzbach thanks.  Tracy 
 fyi 
 WE have a reserve.  I will get back with you on the $. 
 We have $1.0 million reserve on the books. 
 Please invite Steve Schwarzbach 
 okey with me 
 ok 
 I would prefer the morning, but I am available in the afternoon.  ( I have a halloween party for the kids later) 
 Please make sure your numbers go through me or Stan before we give them to Corp. Corp's request for these things should be coming through me in the future.   Rod and I are meeting with Stan on Monday, October 22.  We would like to discuss your 4th Q numbers then if possible.  Let me know.  Thanks  Tracy 
 I will be out of town.  Thanks for the invite. 
 I have lunch with Danny that day.  Can we try 2:00. 
 let me know if we need to discuss.  Thanks 
 I will approve.  However, I feel there are too many operations people with access to move budget dollars around.  Please review list from Danette Campbell and let me know who I can delete.  Thanks 
 The 2002 Plan Review with Stan for Wessex will be from 8:30-11:00 in EB 5029 on Wednesday, October 3.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Congratulations.  Well deserved!!!! 
 Some of you had a meeting with Stan on your calendars for Monday, October 22 from 3-5 to go over the plan presentations.  This meeting has been canceled.  Thanks  Tracy Geaccone 
 Whenever its ready. 
 okey with me 
 fyi 
 I love you. 
 Where do we need to go for EREC?  It is better to fly commercial over and then take the Enron plane around when we get there?  Is this date ok with Adam? 
 Do you want me to coordinate this through you or Keith Harris/Colin? 
 I will check and get back with you. 
 Are there any cash issues surrounding this?  If so, who is going to handle? 
 Rod mentioned to me last week that we would only review Wessex on Wednesday.  Do we need to schedule something for the rest of Azurix?  Thanks  Tracy 
 Can we discuss?  Wha about next the first of next week? 
 It is actually $45 million.  I would need I revised 3rd CE and also reflect the change in the cash flow forecast.  I am sorry I did not get back to you sooner on this.  Tracy 
 Please include Michael Ratner for Rod's team as well.  Thanks 
 Actually, just the Corp planning requests.  Thanks. 
 What are the Goodwill and FAS 133 adj? 
 I don't see where we are in the loop below.  Who will ultimately approve cash on these things? 
 Stan would like to have a run through of the presentation for the Lay reviews on November 1.  Please see the agenda attached below for your respective group's time.  We will be meeting in EB 49C2.  If you need to call in, the number is below. If you can not attend, please send a representative.    CALL IN: PARTICIPANT CODE:  277217 *  Toll Free Dial In Number:  (800)403-2002  If you are calling in, please send your presentation to me ahead of time so I can make copies.  Please feel free to invite anyone else you want to attend.  If you have any questions, I can be reached at 713-853-7372.  Thanks  Tracy 
 FYI.  I should have copied you on the original e-mail. 
 Rod and I are meeting with Stan Monday afternoon, October 22, to talk about the 4th Quarter.  I have listed below the latest IBIT impact to Enron for the 4th Quarter that I have.  Please let me know if there are any changes and provide any variance explanations if necessary.  PGG  $28.0 EREC $53.2 Azurix  ($24.2) including Marlin Clean fuels ($21.1) EGAS  ($14.1) EEOS ($26.6)  Thanks  Tracy 
 I think so!!! Lets reschedule.  I have to leave early to take the kids to the doctor. 
 Thank you. You are so good to me.  I am feeling a little shakey this morning.  Its really nice knowing you are there for me.  I miss being with you.  I love you. 
 Stan needs to see before we turn into Corp. or Wholesale.  Lets wait before we turn into Corp.  What is the last number turned into Corp for the 4 Q?  We really need to run Corp planning requests through Rod and myself to make sure we have Stan's okey.  I would hate for him to be surprised.  Thanks. 
 I think you are right.  I will change the number.  Thanks 
 What is my user id and password 
 sure 
 Thank you 
 see, I did send this out 
 fyi 
 When is Stan available?  Probably will take no more than 2 hours. 
 Please make sure that the Corp Planning requests come through me, Rod, or Stan before they go to Corp.  We need to make sure that Stan approves the numbers and is not surprised in Executive committee meetings, etc..  Thanks  Tracy 
 Let me know once we have the final numbers and I will get with you on who is going to pay the bill.  Thanks 
 We are scheduled to have a follow up meeting on the 2002 Plan with Stan on Thursday, Oct. 25 at 3:00.  I am not sure if you will call in for that or if Tod is handling the meeting.  We can go over Lay review ideas again then.  The agenda for November 1 has you at 4:30 Houston time.  Will that work for you?  If not, are you comfortable with Tod doing it.  Just let me know what I can do to help.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Monday am or Tuesday am before all Employee meeting 
 9:00 Tuesday 
 I am not sure if this made it earlier or not 
 fyi 
 Good morning sweatheart. Its really hard for me to be away from you.  I think about you all the time.  I love to sleep next to you and wake up with you in the morning.  I really wanted to stay with you Saturday night.  Maybe I can work something out for this weekend.  Love you. 
 Any idea when or if we will receive the money? 
 Please plan to attend a run through with Danny of your 2002 Plan Presentations for the Lay Reviews on Thursday, October 25 from 9:00-11:00 in 42C2.  For Omaha room 696.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Should be expensed in the 4th Q 
 This meeting has been moved to Friday, October 26 from 9:00-11:00 in EB 42C2, Omaha Room 696.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Danny has asked that you attend this meeting with him.  The ETS presentation is from 2:30-3:30.  Thanks  Tracy 
 We will meet in  EB 49C2 on Friday. 
 Rod thought you might want to sit in on this meeting.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Yes, I will work on it. 
 I know, I have these too. 
 Please send cookie bouquet from Rod and I. 
 I will do a little work on this side and get back to you. 
 Can you help me with this? 
 I really love you.  I can't wait to be with you this weekend.  I bet you are glad you listened to me and did not buy any Enron stock at $21, considering it is at $18 today!!!  Love you,  Tracy 
 FYI Tuesday, October 23 was Jan's 20 year anniversary with Enron. 
 I am planning to take her to lunch in a couple of weeks.  You will all be invited.  Thanks 
 thanks 
 I like the dinner group idea.  What about lunch on Monday, Oct 29? 
 I believe so because she is working on individual execs compensation.  Thanks 
 $2MM for what???? 
 Have the Steve Kean numbers been included in his budget and allocated out for 2002?  Thanks  Tracy 
 How about Nov 5 or 6? 
 FYI 
 ok 
 opps, forgot the attachements 
 It was on already on my calendar.  Thanks 
 I am ok. 
 sure 
 I really miss you, too.  I hope you had a good lunch.  Mine was quite an experience.  I will tell you later.  Did you spill anything on your clothes today?  Love you,  Tracy 
 No problem on the reschedule. What about Thursday, Nov. 1?  Actually, Jackie is going to stay with her friend Claire.  But, Garret is very excited about staying with Jake.  Will that be ok? 
 Approved.  Please roll over November 1.  Please let me know if there is a problem. 
 see question #3 
 Do you want to coordinate with Lisa? 
   Company name should be replaced by your business unit name. EGS in the page # should be replaced by the abbreviated name of your business unit, i.e. EGAS, EEOS, ETS, etc.  This works 	better if you do this in the View, Master, Slide Master area. The O&M/G&A graph should include your direct business unit expenses, Corporate costs and other significant allocated costs. Please break out the Corporate and allocated costs for the ones that have increased significantly. Please use the Arial font. It may work better if you insert your slides into this template.  We are suggesting that for comparison purposes for financial data we only show 2001 Third CE and 2002 Plan.  If that does not tell the story you are trying to present, then do what you need to and we can discuss with Stan on Nov. 1.  I will not need anything in advance of the Nov. 1 meeting with Stan.  However, I will need all presentations for the Lay Reviews at 9:00 a.