 Here they are,  Trader   Book Admin Grigsby's Physical Book Kristen Klause Grigsby's Financial Book Anne Bike Moniqe Sanchez  Anne Bike Phillip Allen   Elizabeth Shim Steve South   Elizabeth Shim Janie Tholt   Elizabeth Shim Matt Lenhart   Elizabeth Shim Tori Kuykendall   Elizabeth Shim Randy Gay   Elizabeth Shim Keith Holst   Ryan O'Rourke Frank Ermis   Carole Frank Jay Reitmeyer   Carole Frank  Let me know if you need anything else.  DG 
 Jay, Check out this site.  Click on IRS e-file Partners to see third party sites on which to file electronically.  I hope this helps.  DG  http://www.irs.ustreas.gov/elec_svs/ol-txpyr.html 
 Is it really necessary to change the book names just to avoid confusion?  Who is confused?  Can't we just inform those who need to know that the Denver books are simply another desk that rolls up into the West Region?  I don't want to be difficult, but it will require a great deal of time and effort to change every deal in the Denver books to a new name.  Let me know what you think.  DG    3-9573 
 Here it is.  Let me know if you have any questions.  DG 
 Please get this info to Jim.  Thanks.  DG 
 We added $75M so Schedule C tonight.  DG 
 Done  DG 
 Thanks,  I just ordered it.  DG 
 Randy,  Could you please send me the info on the ethics course?  Thanks.  DG 
 I will make it  DG 
 I changed the deal but thought you would want to see the correct name of the CP.  DG 
 Done.  DG 
 I appologize for the delay.  I was on vacation when you sent the first request and somehow didn't see it when I was going through a week's worth of emails  .  I have a person in my group getting the information together. We'll let you know when it is complete.  DG 
 I'm in for lunch.  DG 
 Jay,  I can't see the new IRAs on the web site.  It's no big deal.  But I would like to have them linked.  Thanks.  Did you go to the playoff games?  It's been a long time coming.  DG 
 Trey,  User DSN Name    Driver cpr    Oracle 73 CPR HOUSTON  Oracle 73 dBASE Files   Microsoft dBase Driver (*.dbf) DSS41_SERVE   SQL Server egsprod   Oracle 73 egsprod32   Oracle 73 EGS Test   Oracle 73 EOLPROD   Oracle 73 ermt    Oracle 73 Excel Files   Microsoft Excel Driver (*.xls) FoxPro Files   Microsoft FoxPro Driver (*.dbf) inf prod    Oracle 73 MS Access 97 Database Microsoft Access Driver (*.mdb) pwrprodn_ded   Oracle 73 rmsprod   Oracle 73 rmsprod32   Oracle 73 sitprod    Oracle 73 sitrpt    Oracle 73 Text Files   Microsoft Text Driver (*txt, *.csv)    System DSN Name    Driver cprprod    Oracle 73 MQIS    SQL Server New RMS Production  Oracle 73 
 I have 3 flat screen monitors and a Sun monitor.  DG 
 Jennifer,  NGI-PGE/TOPOCK is an internal curve used to value transport and is equal to NGI-SOCAL.  This curve will probably show up every month because the West Coast is very volitile.  The change is due to a change in the market.  IF-TW/PERMIAN is a production area curve.  The change is also due to  market changes that drove up the curve.  Call me if you have any questions.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 I sent a MB Quart speaker back on 2/19 because it was making a buzzing sound.  It was recieved on 2/26.  Do you have any idea how long it will be before I get a replacement?  Thanks.  Darron Giron 14343 Millstone Estates Ln. Cypress, TX  77429 713-853-9573 
 I get an error when I try to approve this.  DG 
 I got a bill in the mail for an annual IRA fee.  Can I just transfer from my CMA?  DG 
 Jeremy,  Please add Eric Moon to the list of users for the Canadian Logic On/Off script.  Thanks.  DG 
 Tricia, Please send these to Kristen Clause in the future. DG 
 Zhiyong, Our phsical post id last night was 1075424 DG 
 Kathy, I have a conflict today at 1pm.  We either need to reschedule or meet next week.  Let me know.  I have lost your phone number. DG 
 I think we need to hire this guy.  DG 
 Yes we did.  We had a great time.  I heard Christine is pregnant again.  How are you doing?  After a week off, I realize how much work sucks!  DG 
 No positions.  Archive.  DG 
 I don't know if you got any of these while I was out.  DG 
 OK 
 Users will be the entire West Desk:  Darron Giron Anne Bike Pat Ryder Ryan O'Rourke Carole Frank Elizabeth Shim Kristen Clause  Thanks.  DG 
 Burton, The file will be called GD_NEW DG 
 I need directions and phone numbers.  Call me at home tonight. 281-304-8303.  Thanks.  DG 
 Hey,  How goes it?  I need your brother's phone numbers.  I am staying with him tomorrow night, but don't have directions.  We have only been communicating via email.  I hope you get this today.  Thanks.  DG 
 Burton, Thanks for your help.  I need to use this tomorrow. DG 
 OK  DG     Anita Luong 03/08/2001 11:09 AM 
 Jim, This file has the volumes for the liquidations. DG 
 Dawn,  NGI-SOCAL NGI-PGE/CG  Didn't you used to work on the West desk?  DG 
 Done  DG 
 Thanks.  I also noticed that we have some books that are not listed under US GAS WEST but should be.  I cannot change tha Trading Group.  Do you do this as well?  The books are: WEST-KEYSTONE WEST-NW WEST-PERM WEST-SJ WEST-SW Thanks.  DG 
 Jennifer,  Phillip Allen and Keith Holst indicated that the curve changes in question for Socal was simply due to a higher forward market.  Let me know if you have any further questions.  DG 
 OK, that's funny.  DG 
 I do  DG 
 Thanks.  I noticed Lisa indicated that Linda was getting additional info.  Is it ready?  Mike Grigsby, who is the head physical trader on the desk asked about Tenaska.  He thinks that they also charged us.  Please let me know. Thanks again.  DG 
 Mike, This is the email from Bryce, who is the Manager of physical gas settlements.  Attached is my summary for the West. DG 
 Please add Elizabeth Shim to the Book Admin list on the Web sight.  Her Tagg user name is:  ESHIM.  Thanks.  DG 
 No, we will go to Keystone instead of WP.  We are paying either way, and so it doesn't matter to me.  Also, I have never been to Keystone and would like to go.  And I will have a rental car.  We are looking forward to seeing you.  DG 
 Sean, I found out that Silver Creek is a very small resort close to the town of Granby, CO.  It is acutally 15 miles north of Winter Park and 2 miles south of Granby along Hwy 40.  We are staying at a condo there from Sunday night (11th) thru Thursday night (15th).  I indicated we would like to go to Winter Park because we have been there and it is close.  We want to ski 2 days in Silver Creek and 2 days somewhere else.  If you can make it during the week to Keystone, then yes we will go there instead of WP.  I would love to go to an Avs game, but we will probably need to be on the road by late afternoon on Sunday.  Once again, we get in on Saturday (10th) about 9pm.  That's pretty late so we may or may not be able to do anything that night.  We will leave on Sunday (11th) for Silvercreek and be back in Denver at your place on Friday (16th). Then our plane back to Houston is early Saturday (17th) morning.  If you can get away during the week to ski, that would be awesome.  Thanks for all your hospitality.  See you soon.  DG 
 Get this to Jim.  DG 
 I can't believe that I said what I did this morning.  It was selfish and I sincerely appologize.  I don't know what I was thinking or why.  Well,  I just listened to your message and I deserve all of it.  Even though you may not believe it.  I do love you, but many times cannot justify my actions.  I love you very much, and will call you later.  D 
 We are removing the $100M from Schedule C that was put there on Friday.  DG 
 Please read  DG 
 Please take care of this if you have any to be flipped.  Thanks.  DG 
 This deal is related to the long term transportation that was sold to Calpine, but it is correctly booked as a physical forward sale at Malin.  DG 
 Tell Dan that a glacier moves forward, not backward.  On a balk, the batter does not advance, only the baserunners.  But he may have a point with cricket.  DG 
 I just wanted to say thanks for letting us stay last weekend.  We had a good time.  We are already looking forward to doing it again next year.  DG 
 Chris, We are taking $100M to Schedule C tonight.  I don't know when it may be released.  DG 
 Please make sure this guy gets what he needs.  Thanks.  DG 
 I will attend  DG 
 If you have any questions about this let me know.  It will be a pain in the ass if the deal is between Enovate and Oneok but is then flipped to EMW to manage.  There will be twice as many legs and the volumes will need to be adusted at minimum on a monthly basis, and likely a weekly basis.  Again, let me know if you need anything.  DG 
 We arrive in Denver on Saturday evening (the 10th).  We will stay that night and leave sometime on Sunday for Silvercreek.  We will return to Denver on Friday the 16th and stay the night.  Our plane back to Houston is early Saturday morning.  We are staying at a place in Silvercreek (I had not heard of this place before Kristi's friends made the plans) for 5 nights.  I think we want to ski there and possibly in Winter Park (it is supposed to be within 15 miles).  How's the weather in Denver these days?  We look forward to seeing the two of you.  Thanks.  DG 
 Sheri, We are going to NO for JazzFest at the end of April.  April 27th-29th to be exact.  Let me know if you're going. DG 
 How was Cabo?  I'm sure it was great.  DG 
 I have 3 new employees and they are working on the first unit.  My 3 existing employees are working on their second and third.  So far so good.  I think it is good that we have put the responsibility on them to learn the material.  I have not heard of any negative response.  I'll keep you posted.  DG 
 Yes  DG 
 How goes it?  I wanted to check in with you and make sure we are still on for March.  I also need to let you know we will have an extra person besides the four of us.  He is the kid of some people who are driving up and is flying with us.  I hope this is OK.  He can acutally babysit so maybe we can go out one night.  Let me know.  Also,  I just hired a KU kid just out of undergrad school.  He's pretty bummed out about Baylor.  Talk to you soon.  DG 
 We are taking a hit of $28,900,000 on tonight's P&L for Dec-00 production.  DG 
 I just approved the 13th and 14th.  DG 
 Hey, Brent has started a softball team to play on Sunday evenings.  He wants to know if you are interested. DG 
 Chris, I'm sure there are some I missed.  I beleive some of these books have not been used for quite some time.  Let me know what else you need from me. Thanks.  DG 
 I just looked at their sight.  They seem like a reputable company.  It's a store in Manhattan, NY.  The only thing to be concerned about when ordering by phone or online is when there is a problem with the unit.  It is more of a pain in the ass to mail it back than to just take it to Circuit City or Best Buy.  But a Sony DVD is very reliable and you should not have a problem.  I'd pull the trigger, that's a great price.  DG 
 The WEST-PERM deals have been flipped.  DG 
 Jay,  Give me a mutual fund to buy for the Ed IRA accounts.  DG 
 It's a funny joke, but obviously not written by a married guy!  DG 
 How are you feeling?  I'm very tired and stiff.  I've been thinking, and I know you feel like I make all of the decisions around our house when it comes to $.  So I want us to do what you want on the pool and a car when it comes to financing.  I will completely agree with whatever you think we should do. And I'm not doing this for any other reason except that I want you to know that I value your judgement and ideas.  Have a great day.  As always, I love you very much.  D 
 I received the item.  DG 
 I will be able to interview at either time.  I selected the late time on the email, but wanted to respond to make sure you received it.  DG 
 Joe,  Call Pat Ryder for West desk requests.  DG 
 Kam,  Jim called me about this and I asked him to email me.  But all these storage facilities are on the East desk.  DG 
 Rick, Unfortunately, I had to cancel.  I had a sick kid and just made it into the office. DG 
 I think everyone got the list.  Make sure we are using it.  Thanks.  I should be in later this afternoon.  DG 
 Troy,  I'm out of the office this morning.  I'll get back to you later about the variance.  But just so you know, Kevin's reported P&L was understated by the $188K on the OA Flash tab.  He made an error in the sharing calculation.  DG 
 Shawn,  Unfortunately, I am out of the office this morning with a sick kid.  I will not be able to make the 10:30am interview.  I appologize for the short notice.  DG 
 Czar Gironov  Sweet 
 Yes we did.  DG 
 Jay,  I changed the FTS monthly amount from $1,065 to $715 as previously discussed.  It is effective Feb 20th.  I need to change the amount transferred to account  586-61L86 from $150 to $175 and to account 586-61M19 from $175 to $200.  I also submitted a transfer of $1,000 into my CMA account.  I would like to transfer $500 each into account 586-94017 and account 586-94019.  This is my 2001 contribution to the Education IRA's.  Let me know if I need to do anything else.  Also, when are the recharacterizations from Roth to Traditional going to take place?  I will need a 1099-R for the transactions I think.  Call me if you have any questions.  Thanks.  DG 
 West is done.  DG    Gregory A Mausser 02/02/2001 02:19 PM 
 I wanted to see if the address worked.  We had a good time in NO.  We definitely want to go back.  It was really crowded, but fun.  The weather was good and the food was great.  How is DC?  Have you seen any of the sights yet?  I wanted to ask if you can help with C&C on the 16th and 17th of May when we are in Chicago.  I know your schedule just got alot more hectic, so let me know.  They can stay in Conroe on Fri and Sat.  We leave Wed night and return Sun morning.  It would mean be staying at our house on those nights and getting them to school.  If you can't, we will try to get one of the neighbors.  Thanks.  See you when you get back.  DG 
 Here they are  989622 989621 989664 989836 989849 989879 991670 991671 991672 991673 991674 991675 991676 991677 991678 991679 994381 994385 994389 994390 994390  Call me if you have any questions.  DG    3-9573 
 I'll try to find one.  D 
 Thanks.  DG    Enron North America Corp. 
 Any word on her review?  Let me know.  Thanks.  DG 
 Thanks.  And I won't!  DG 
 Thanks  DG 
 Sorry wrong address  DG 
 I got it.  I love you too.  D 
 Guess who was at JV yesterday?  aTm coaches.  Seems like we have been losing some players lately.  How do we stand?  DG 
 Greg, I got confirmation from the Head Coach at JV that AR is not going to UT. He scored a 760 on his SAT and apparently overslept a retake exam.  So I don't know if they actually pulled the offer, but it sure sounds like it.  Either way, the coach told my wife he will not be a Horn.  The coach is really dissapointed in AR.  DG 
 Lunch next week  DG 
 Ernie,    Let me know if you have any questions.  DG    3-9573 
 I don't know.  She just told me this morning and I hadn't heard about it.  I told her to get more info.  I don't know if he is a good student or not.  DG 
 My wife told me that UT pulled the offer from Robinson.  Do you know about this?  I couldn't find it on the boards. DG 
 Hey, What's going on?  I wanted to get up to date on recruiting.  I also wanted to ask you something.  I heard some info from my wife regarding a kid that was recruited and commited to UT from Jersey Village. DG 
 It's going to be wait and see for me.  I have a few issues this morning.  Let me know where you're going to be and I'll try to make it.  DG 
 Bring him in  DG 
 Please flip these if applicable.  DG 
 Russ,  Org Region Code                             Tagg Book Code WEST                                 GD-NEW DENVER   FT-DENVER  DG    3-9573 
 Please read.  DG 
 Please contact Mark and provide him with the documentation he needs.  Thanks.  DG 
 Genaro,  This is a Central deal.  I work on the West Desk.  I am forwarding it to the appropriate people.  DG    3-9573 
 Done  DG 
 You guys crack me up.  I've been out of town, and just generally swamped, so I haven't looked at alot of email.  Just went through some.  Keep'em coming, I need the entertainment!  How about Carruth?  Where's Cochran when you need him?  DG 
 Mike, DVD time huh?  I like my player, but there is a substantial premium for it. And actually, Sony has come out with the next evolution of the mega DVD changer.  I think it lists for $900, but can probably be had for $600-$700 range.  It is also huge.  I'm not trying to talk you out of it, just let you know of the downside.  Both models have identical specs, so quality is not an issue.  Let me know if you have anymore questions.  DG 
 Frank,  I know this is late.  I appologize.  I need some help with the development plan.  The review is complete.  Let me know if I need to change some items.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 See if this works.  DG 
 Could you please let me have a signed original copy of your review.  Thanks.  DG 
 Done.  Sorry it took so long.  DG 
 Sounds good.  I'm available just about any day over the next few weeks.  DG 
 I just spoke with Toni.  She should call you soon.  Let me know if you don't hear from her today.  Thanks.  DG 
 Thanks.  I think I can get them both done tomorrow.  DG 
 Take a look at this for me.  Thanks.  DG 
 I didn't realize she sent it to the entire company.  DG 
 How goes it?  I'm in Chicago right now.  I am back in Houston tomorrow.  I'll follow up then.  See ya.  DG 
 Thanks.  DG 
 We can come.  It is cold up here.  I return later today.  See you later.  DG 
 AA is all over me today.  Please get this for Mark.  Thanks.  DG 
 I asked people in my group to respond to you.  Let me know if you don't have anything by tomorrow.  DG 
 Could you please read this request and get back to Mark with the info ASAP? Thanks.  DG 
 Mark,  I'm in Chicago right now and will return on Thursday.  Let me know if you can wait until then.  Thanks.  DG 
 Both of us are out of town right now.  I'm in Chicago and Kristi is in Roundtop (outside of Brenham).  I'll let you know.  We may be spending the night at the lake.  But I'm not sure.  DG 
 This is a physical deal.  Leg 4 is unwinding Leg 1.  Leg 1 had the Price and Basis components and Leg 3 had the Index component.  I am in Chicago today and tomorrow.  If you have any further questions, please let me know.  DG    Enron North America Corp. 
 Toni,  The following people will interview the candidates:  Jeff Gossett Darron Giron Kam Keiser Will Kelly Phillip Love Dave Baumbach Errol McLaughlin  We will interview them two at a time.  Meaning two of the above referenced people will be in the room at the same time interviewing the candidates.  You can contact Irena Hogan for scheduling.  If you have any questions, let me know.  I will be in Chicago Tues and Wed.  I will be back in the office on Thurs.  Thanks.  DG    Enron North America Corp. 
 Andrea,  We would like to bring Bradley D. Jones into the Risk Management group.  The location may change.  Sladana Anna Kulic EB3255C Energy Operations ENA 083E 103818 Kam Keiser  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 I would love to go, in fact, PLove is going along with some other Enron people.  But I'll be skiing in Colorado.  How's the system?  Did you get the other speaker yet?  We have a Christmas present for you.  We want to find a weekend when we can come up.  Most likely with the kids.  Let me know.  DG 
 John,  The Sitara deal for the West Region is 555798  DG    3-9573 
 Bill,  I need to have FT-DENVER set up in TDS.  The trader is Jay Reitmeyer.  There are two Tagg books that need to be mapped to this:  FT-DENVER and INTRA-DENVER.  The following people in Risk need access to the book:  Darron Giron, Chris Walker, Pat Ryder, Jason Wolfe, Carole Frank, Anne Bike, and Jennifer Bagwell.  I also want it to roll up into ALL-WEST.  Call me if you have any questions.  Thanks for your help.  DG    3-9573 
 We have two new Analysts in this group, and therefore should probably go to this.  I nominate the two of you.  DG    3-9573 
 Andrea,  We would like to bring Sladana Anna Kulic into the Risk Management group. The location may change.  Sladana Anna Kulic EB3265B Energy Operations ENA 083E 103845 David Baumbach  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 What is your price on an MB Quart RKC116?  DG 
 What is your price for a MB Quart QM218.61Q?  DG 
 Maybe one of the guys is Long Duck Dong from 16 Candles  DG 
 Thanks, I got it yesterday.  DG 
 Molly,  The Job ID is 106820.  I would like to get her in for an interview early next week.  Let me know if there is anything else I need to do.  Thanks for your help.  DG    3-9573 
 Done  DG    3-9573    Enron North America Corp. 
 Believe me, I understand why you want him in your group.  But I lose Jennifer on Jan 24th and Chris on Jan 26th.  You have two months on one guy and six on the other.  I have 3 weeks on two people and Jason will be leaving soon because he is in the new trading track program.  I don't want to be an asshole, but I won't give him up unless I'm forced to.    Enron Capital Management 
 Andrea,  The locations are all the same because I'm not sure exactly where they will sit.  The Cost Center is for my desk (West), and this will most likely change as well.  I think we need to meet them to see where they would be a better fit.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573   P. Ryan O'Rourke EB3262C Energy Operations ENA 0413 103816 Darron Giron  Bart Roy Burk, Jr. EB3262C Energy Operations ENA 0413 103816 Errol McLaughlin  Biliana Pehlivanova EB3262C Energy Operations ENA 0413 103816 Kam Keiser    Enron North America Corp. 
 Yes, they are.  I made the change.  DG    3-9573 
 Andrea,  Is it possible to get a list of first year analysts who graduated in December to interview for my group?  I don't know how the process works, but I would like to hire a candidate just out of college if possible.  Thanks for your help.  DG    3-9573 
 I agree.  The honeymoon will be over begining next season.  I am growing weary of teams "tricking" us early in games.  Too me, that translates to "outcoached".  Maybe I'm being unreasonable, but they should have the talent next year.  We'll see.  You had to love OSU kicking the shit out of the domers.  Looks like Erickson has brought the thug factor back into college football.  DG 
 974013  DG 
 The $1.7M is in Jim's book.  He asked me to hold it back because he thought the curve for ChiGate was set too high and he was making too much on Friday. I think the $ is real, and it will be released before year end.  I don't know about the annuity.  Kevin will return tomorrow and he will have to follow up with you.  I'll send the prior day P&L's tonight.  DG 
 OK, NG5405.1 instead of NG5401.1 NW7984.1 instead of E22563.6 
 Questions:  What does being short/long a position mean? What is curve shift? What affects curve shift? What are the basic components of a P&L? What is a swap? What are different types of swaps? What is basis? What is MTM value? What is Accrual value? What do you consider stress in the workplace?  How do you handle stress? Examples of a stressful situation? What do you consider long work hours?  Some aren't technical.  I don't have any problem solving questions.  DG 
 OK  DG    3-9573 
 I am interested in buying a pair of MB Quart speakers, specifically the RWC 130.  It is a 5.25" Midrange speaker.  What is your price?  Thanks.  DG    713-853-9573 
 It is good for me.  DG    3-9573    Enron North America Corp. 
 My employee in question fell out in "Needs Improvement" because of the lack of time in her position.  DG    3-9573 
 Jim,  I didn't top level that amount tonight.  The Central desk has the other side of the transaction and if I backed your portion out, then the loss would be double counted.  It will correct itself tomorrow.  DG 
 Happy Holidays!  It looks like we will be going skiing in Colorado from March 11-16.  I wanted to see if you were going to be in town during that time and see if we could come by and see you.  It would most likely be on the 10th and then the 16th.  We are staying at a place from that Sunday night thru Thursday night.  Let me know.  I hope Santa was good to you all.  DG 
 OK 
 I just wanted to pass along my thanks for the efforts of your team.  The automatic bridge to Sitara and Tagg will save us an extraordinary amount of time; especially during bidweek.  I know there are others who deserve thanks in addition to Dawn, so please let them know we appreciate their hard work as well.  I don't want to seem greedy, but I'll ask anyway.  When do you think we will be able to get the Sitara number entered in the Link field in Tagg? Also, can we get the Tagg number entered in SCI?  Thanks again.  DG    3-9573 
 It would help if I attached the file.  DG 
 Your UA4 is 12,000 MMBtu and $103,800.  The P&L is attached.  The total daily is $471,793 before any sharing.  DG      Enron North America Corp. 
 Done  DG 
 I have to work on the 26th, but I could come by after work.  I think Kristi and Carley got me sick too.  DG 
 Please read  DG 
 Please read.  DG 
 Dawn,  The deals look good in both Tagg and Sitara, but the link field in Tagg has not been populated with the Sitara number.  When will this be ready?  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 Please read.  DG 
 I watched the second half.  He is a stud.  Westlake actually had a good defense also.  I think he wast the first back to run for 100 yds.  We know some people from Midland.  They say he is a gangsta.  But they also say Roy Williams is a great kid.  Thanks for the info yesterday.  DG 
 Thanks.  Bought Travelocity.com.  I had some extra cash sitting around in my 401K.  DG 
 $20  DG 
 Quick, give me a cheap stock that looks promising.  DG 
 Dawn,  Kam is out so I checked for Central also.  DG 
 We released more tonight.  DG 
 I just would not want to be the only person to bring someone.  So if we don't offer this to everyone, I won't bring her.  I don't have a problem with it, just wanted to see what you thought.  DG    Enron North America Corp. 
 I want to run something by you.  It sounds like we have some sort of budget for Friday night.  I would like to offer everyone the opportunity to bring someone with them but also explain that we may not be able to pay for it all.  I guess the reason is I would like to have Kristi come with me, but am willing to pay for her.  I would like to do the same for everyone else, but don't want to offend anyone with the possibility that they may have to pay a little $$.  Let me know what you think.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 Thanks for the info and letting us slide one in.  DG    3-9573 
 Patrick, See if you can help this guy.  I don't have access to Denver deals. DG 
 We really need to pick up again next week.  Potential topics:  Physical/WeaponX OA How Systems Interact (Sitara,CPR,PortCalc,Tagg,Unify,Excel,Etc..) Curves (Setting,Mapping,Pipe/Zone,True Up).  I'm sure there are others.  DG    3-9573    Enron North America Corp. 
 We released $75M tonight.  DG    3-9573 
 I will be out this Friday.  DG 
 Pretty nice.  I had never even heard of this vehicle.  DG 
 Please read.  Thanks.  DG 
 I forwarded your request to Luchas Johnson.  He runs the G-Daily-Est book.  DG    3-9573 
 Andrea,  If I left anything out, please let me know.  Also, we have an office in Chicago and they are looking for an Analyst also.  I have some responsibilities for the Chicago region as well as the West region here in the Houston office.  Richard Tomaski (312-541-1231) is the lead trader in the Chicago office and I told him I would mention this request to you.  Will you please call him at your convenience so he can elaborate on the situation. Thanks.  DG    3-9573      Enron North America Corp. 
 I agree.  DG    3-9573 
 Jeremy,  I set up these new curves this morning and need them added to Tagg  NGI-MOJAVE GDP-MOJAVE GDP-PGE/TOPOCK  Call me if you have any questions.  Thanks as always for your help.  DG    3-9573 
 Your phone is not going to voicemail so I can't leave a message.  DG    3-9573 
 Dawn,  Jay and Randy are on the list, but I left them blank.  I also populated Paul Lucci and the Chicago traders.  Jim Simpson is a Chicago trader not on the list.  He would be FT-IM-ENOV for P,B,&I.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 It was good.  There were about 20.  It took too long, we didn't leave until 10pm.  They sure can spend the $  DG    Enron Capital Management 
 We want to, but I'm not willing to put up the cash.  I'm also thinking how mad I'd be if I did spend the $ and we got punked.  DG 
 Happy Birthday!! What did you get?  DG 
 Pull this together and then call Sharon so they can come get the copies. Thanks.  DG 
 I vote for next week.  And since I didn't get involved in the prior discussion, I think a class on craps is in order.  DG 
 I will be at the dinner tonight.  DG    3-9573 
 Kathy,  Attached are two files:  a mini-book of EC3952.O run for Nov-08 thru Oct-23 and a copy of the deal in the transport model.  The file is too large to email.  There are two tabs:  the first contains deal terms and the second is a copy of the P&L sheet as of 12/4/2000.  Call me with any questions you may have.  Thanks for your patience.  DG    3-9573 
 I saw that about Mackovic - He's a good fit in the Pac10.  Who do you take in the Orange Bowl?  FSU is -11.  That sure seems like alot of points.  DG 
 First of all, congrats on the big win this weekend.  They keep proving me wrong.  Second, sorry this is late.  Friday was 1st day, our longest of the month.  DRAFT  This is a summary of where we stand from a Risk Management perspective on the PGT/Socal permanent assignment to Calpine  Currently there are 5 deals in Tagg and 1 in the transport  model.  EC3952.O - Annuity where the West desk pays PGT (from $.08987 to $.17308) on 67,500/Day thru Oct-23 This deal will be unwound and this income (approx $30M) will fall out in the West desk  EC3952.F - Buy from Canada of 30,000/Day thru Oct-08 at Malin for Index + $.00 EC3952.K - Sell to AEC of 30,000/Day thru Oct-08 at Malin for Index + $.00 As of now, these deals will remain unchanged in the system because AEC will not let us out of the firm contract  EC2208.B - Buy from Canada of 22,500/Day thru Oct-08 at Malin for Index - $.005 EC3952.B - Buy from Canada of 15,000/Day thru Oct-01 at Malin for Index - $.01 These deals will be unwound, but discussions between Philip Allen and ??? will reveal details not known at this point in time   (Bid/Offer)  Transport Model - Kingsgate to Malin capacity of 67,500/Day beginning Nov-08 thru Oct-23 This deal will have to be unwound or killed - Currently the deal is valued at approx $12M in the West Desk  After unwinding these deals, the West desk will be kept whole, the remainder will be granted out in orig.  This is my first go at it.  Let me know of any revisions you want.  DG    3-9573 
 You're welcome.  I had a good time also.  We should play again sometime when it's not so damn cold.  Looks like you were right about OU.  I really thought they would lose to KState.  DG 
 Shelly,  I am looking for an Analyst to fill a position in Gas Risk Management.  I am the West Desk Controller and report to Jeff Gossett.  I think a Book Administrator role is a good position for an Analyst.  We have had success in with Analysts in our group.  I think it presents a good opportunity for them as well.  Please let me know how I can get on a list to talk with potential candidates.  I am ignorant of the process, so if I am presuming something incorrect, I would appreciate info on how this is supposed to work.  Thanks for your help.  DG    3-9573 
 West flashed on Friday  DG    3-9573    Gregory A Mausser 12/04/2000 08:01 AM 
 We have a 7:30 shotgun start tomorrow morning.  We will have to pay and get out to our hole, so give yourself some time if you want to hit a few before we tee off.  We still need one more person.  Everyone else already had plans.  If you know of anyone who would like to play, invite them and let me know his name.  Unfortunaltey Jeff, you are the only guy who is any good.  West on Hwy 290 Pass the Beltway - Remember I said it's BFE Exit Spring Cypress/Cypress Rosehill (About 12 miles past the Beltway) Go thru 2 stop signs (First one is Spring Cypress-Second one is Cypress Rosehill) After 2nd stop sign, make first right (there is not a stop sign at the intersection) - I believe the street is Cypress Chase The road will dead end into a T Make a left and the course is on the right - You can't miss it  I'll have my cell phone on if you get lost - 832-563-6328.  Call me if you have any questions.  Thanks.   DG    3-9573 
 I only have 3 - Am still trying to get a 4th.  Darron Giron Jeff Sorenson Trey Logan 
 It worked  DG 
 I was going to forward the same thing to you yesterday, but didn't want you to think I was an asshole!!  DG    3-9573 
 My fault on Tomas, I didn't remind Kevin.  It won't happen again.  DG    3-9573 
 The position will actually report to me.  You can change it.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573    Enron North America Corp. 
 Toni, Please let me know if I left anything out.  Thanks for your help.  DG    3-9573 
 Not West deals.  DG 
 Don't worry about how good you are.  I'm terrible also.  I've put you down as playing.  I'll keep you posted.  DG    3-9573 
 Yes.  I have 3 total so far.  I'll keep you posted.  DG    3-9573 
 I told her we would go.  D 
 We'll see you there.  DG    3-9573 
 I know this is very late notice, but up until yesterday I didn't think I was going to be free on Saturday.  My brother-in-law is hosting a tournament on Saturday at Cypress Lakes, which is just off of Hwy 290 at Cypress Rosehill. In other words, BFE.  $70 will get you a round of golf, lunch, and beer.  He will have a keg.  There will be prizes for the winners.  It is a four man best ball scramble.  Tee time is early:  7:30am.  I sent this to guys I either know play or think play.  If you have someone else in mind, feel free to forward the message.  I don't have a team at all and wanted to see if anyone was interested.  Let me know.  DG    3-9573 
 A GC for either $ or for one of those Day Spas.  DG 
 I hope you have a good day back at school.  I love you.  D 
 I'll try and find out today.  D 
 Russell,  These are all of our book names:  GD-NEW GD-NEWJR FT-WEST FT-NORTHWEST MGMT-WEST WEST-NW WEST-SW WEST-PERM WEST-SJ  For Basis, add  -BAS to the end of the book name.  For Gas Daily, add  -GDL to the end of the book name.  Call me if you have any questions.  DG    3-9573 
 Russ,  I got this from Regina just before she changed groups.  DG    3-9573 
 Uncle Clark,  It just dawned on my that I never really thanked you for our visit.  All four of us had a great time.  It was so good to see all of you and especially great to see the kids get together and have so much fun.  I really regret that as I was growing up, we really did not see that much of each other( and by we, I mean the Kansas group and the Girons).  But even given that, I feel as if you all have been part of my life and every time we get together it's like we have always spent alot of time together.  I guess that's why they call it family.  So once again, thanks for your hospitality and we look forward to our next get together, wherever and whenever it may be.  Darron 
 Done.  I did the 1999 changes as well.  DG    3-9573 
 I asked Keith Holst (trader) again.  His answer was the same.  There were more buyers than sellers in the West during March, hence the price was stronger.  Thanks.  DG 
 Russell, Here are our portfolio and book codes: Port Book 1 Q G G E # L A 4 5 P A  Call me if you have any questions.  DG    3-9573 
 Kathy, I tried calling but could not get you or your voicemail.  Tomorrow is the first day of bidweek and I also have some other meetings to attend.  I think we need to skip this week and pick up next Tuesday.  Sorry for the inconvenience.  DG 
 P&L is OK.  Open position is 39.0 contracts.  DG 
 In addition:  expert clauses - which ones need to be changed, when and why - what are reversals and why we use them - how to check physical prompt month value for potential errors - how to calculate physical prompt month value - checking the OA Flash tab.  I am sure there are some others.  DG 
 Daniel, I show a net open position of (15.9) contracts.  DG    3-9573 
 I relpied to mom already, but thought you would want to see it.  D 
 Sorry.  I just did.  DG 
 We would love to do this.  D 
 I am still trying to recruit.  It seems everyone is out of town that weekend.  When is the deadline?  Let me know.  Oh, I almost forgot, Congratulations!!  DG 
 A W4 calculates how much federal tax is withheld from your paycheck each pay period.  There are two basic drivers:  number of dependents and filing status.  The higher the number of dependents, the less is withheld.  Married and jointly will also have less withheld than married and seperately.  There is really no right or wrong answer, only opinion.  If you want more withheld each pay period so that there is less of a chance of actually owing $ on April 15th, then claim fewer dependents and married and seperately.  If you don't 