 Yes I am. 
 hey rob, try this, call me with any questions.  thanks.  John 
 Hi,  I am Angie's husband (vintagegarb) and I would like to talk to you about the leather jacket she had listed on ebay.  Please email me with you phone number so that we can discuss.  Thank you very much.  Sincerely,  John Griffith 
 Hey Reggie,  How are you doing?  I don't know if you remember me but I was a friend of Chris Larson's.  I was wondering what you  guys are going to do with the furniture and the flat screens?  Do you need any help selling them?  Will you offer any to the employees?  I know you are busy in these times.  If you get a chance, call me at x.36247 or at home (713) 527-8743.  Thank you and have a great day.  Hope all is well with you and your family.  John Griffith 
 Steven,  John Arnold asked me to send you this report.  It is from our position on 11/2/01.  Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns.  I can be reached via email or by phone (713) 853-6247.  Thanks.  John Griffith 
 John,  Thank you for pulling me aside and reinforcing your confidence in me and also putting things into perspective.  I guess the reason I was a little upset is that I feel that we are a family here.  I spend more time with you guys than I do with my wife.  I felt a little betrayed.  I should not have felt that way.  You guys have given me the oppurtunity of a lifetime, I am very thankful for that.  I have never questioned the importance of you or Mike of anyone on our desk.  Please forgive me if I have been a little down.  I think that I am truly okay now.  It has been a very emotional couple of weeks with everything going on.  I know we will get through this.  I once again want to tell you that I am here for anything that needs to be done.  You will not here about this situation again.  Thank you for understanding.  I put my total trust in you.  John 
 Hey what is going on?  I haven't talked to you in a few days and I feel los= t.  First day at work in a while.  It feels weird.  I miss you very much.  = I hope you have had a wonderful holiday season.  Mine has been okay.  Very = long.  Not as good as it could have been.  I think about you every second o= f the day.  I am sorry I haven't called but the times I did call and I only= had a limited amount of time, it didn't end good and I didn't want that to= happen.  I want you to know that out of sight does not mean out of mind.  = You are always on my mind.  I can't get by without thinking of you.  I have= thought alot about my situation over the last couple of weeks.  I don't kn= ow how I am going to manage it but I need to make a change for myself.  I f= eel like I am in some sort of prison.  I need more freedom, I need more lov= e, I need more affection, I need more life.  You probably try not to think = about us because of the situation, I understand that, but I hope I haven't = left your mind completely.  You are so special, so beautiful, wonderful, fu= n and I haven't even got to know you that well yet.  Have a wonderful New Y= ear and please be careful.  Think about me.  I cherish the day I can see yo= u again. =20  John 
 Hello my sugar, as soon as I get something found out about the flight I will come home.  I will call or email.  Love you  The Pigs 
 Hey sugar, why don't you pick me up at 12:30.  Is that okay?  Do you want me to deposit my check?  Call me when you get a chance.  Love you  The Pigs 
 I just tried to access the directory and it said access denied? 
 johngriffith65  How is it going?  I miss you. 
 Thank you for your help.  John 
 Here you go.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks.  John 
 John,  As you are aware, there was some confusion on the 2 Peoples trades we did on 10/15/01.  We did not find out there could be a problem until yesterday, 15 days after the trade was input into the system.  I consider this unacceptable so I wanted to find out what happened to our processes internally.  A person named Richard in the physical confirm area was the one that let Amy know the trade wasn't a financial trade but a physical trade.  I called him to ask him why it took 15 days to find this out.  He said that the deal was entered into as a financial deal so he didn't know about the trade until yesterday.  The person in charge of financial confirms is Diane Anderson and I called her to ask what happened.  She said she didn't know but would check into it.  She left me a message yesterday evening saying that for about 5 days in October they were shorthanded and they didn't confirm any financial trades.  THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE,  especially in the situation we are cu