 ty 
 Cantor Fitzgerald will be used along with Gas Daily for CA gas prices under the Ferc proxy price.  Are you guys familiar with Cantor's pricing publication?  How do we submit prices to these guys?  Let me know if you have any idea.  Thanks, Mike 
 did we get the 5/d rox at plus .02 yesterday?  mike 
 Please make certain that all physical positions are loaded correctly in NCD for term.  Have Patti Sullivan load all transport from the transport model in sitara so that the physical index positions will be recognized in NCD.   This would include SJ/Perm to Socal through OCT, Baja through MAR 20001 (100,000/d short PG&E Topock, 20,000/d long KRS, and 80,0000/d long Citygate), Kingsgate to Malin(Barry), Steve South's latest transport deal from Kingsgate/Stanfield to Malin, and any SJ to Waha transport.  Anne, did you get a ticket from Steve on the transport mentioned above? King/Stan to Malin.  Also, let me know what the status of the transport deal from Kingsagte to Malin with Barry.  Is the gd index for Perm position loading correctly in NCD for Apr-Oct?  Mo, please carry out the physical positions in NCD through Mar 2001.  Thanks!  Mike 
 the kdoole is wrong.  i will get you the correct address today.  thanks.   mike 
 Please send me the details of the nomination error when you get a chance.  Thanks, Mike 
 No.  I will not agree to any penalty charges on nomination errors.  Please call me if you should have any questions.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Take a look at the rates for Cayman.  We should try to get a corporate conference rate.  I will have Ina look into that possibility.  Cancun is not an option in March and April - all booked.  Mike 
 Please send a reply so that we will know if we are operational before we start sending the data out in bidweek.  Thank you for your help.  Mike Grigsby 
 Please include the following email addresses on the bidweek pricing data distribution list.  mhenergy@yahoo.com kdoole@mh.com  Thanks, Mike 
 You all have done an excellent job with the gas daily products.  I have been asked to follow up with you guys to ensure that the products are rolled out on EOL at the same time each day and that they be managed in the same manner that you manage your cash products each day.  We have been asked to have one a day up at all times with a relatively tight two way and to provide market depth.  You may provide market depth, offset to last trade, or use last trade mid functions.  Let me know if you have any questions or concerns regarding this request.  Thanks, Mike 
 We would like to schedule our trip to Cancun, Ritz Carlton for March 29, Thursday through Sunday.  It will be the trading group only, less Tori Kuykendall.  Please look into planning this trip.  You are the queen.  Sincerely, Mike 
 Would it be okay if we went ahead and rolled the socal and baja transport in sitara?  I would like to input the Socal transport through October 2001, San Juan to PG&E Topock and Mojave Topock (ask Janie for the allocation in April).  The Baja transport is through March 2002.  80000/d to Citygate and 20,000 to KRS off-system.  This will really help me monitor my physical index exposure on the curve. Let's get together and discuss tomorrow.  Thanks, Mike 
 I have asked Bob Badeer to help us research what the utilization rate of gas fired plants in the west was last year and what, if any, the impact of lower hydro and even warmer temps would mean to gas consumption in 2001.  We need to account for any political changes in air pollution credits this year that may increase gas consumption in 2001.  Let's discuss in the afternoon. 3:30 meeting.  Grigsby 
 Can we update a west contact sheet?  I would like to have all traders and operations personnel listed.  Name, address, home phone, work phone, cell phone, and email.  Thank you so much.  Mike 
 Nice work.  We are so proud of you.  Mike 
 Bobby,  You love my glasses, don't you?  Let me know when you can send those down to me.  Mail to the office senor.  You are the King.  Grigsby 
 Please  add thaywood@ftenergy.com to the distribution list.  Thank you so much.  Mike 
 Yes, please send out a revised sheet with non-eol trades included.  Please send it out early this morning and then we will send the final sheet by noon today.  Thanks,  Mike 
 The proxy price will be Gas Daily and Cantor Fitzgerald for Ca deliveries. How do we submit prices to Cantor Fitzgerald?  Anne, we will need to come up with  a cash report, much like our monthly index report for the publications.  Our data submitted will be under scrutiny at some point in the future.  It is important that all of our cash (one day) deals are reported accurately each day.  Thanks, Mike 
 Mind your own business options east.  Enjoy. Mike 
 please check the fin BOM curveshift number.  details as to why we differ.  Thanks, Mike 
 What is this deal?  Do we need to get together and discuss with Dave?  Thanks, Mike 
 Hutch,  How is everything at home?  We would like to come by this week to see the three of you.  I am sorry we couldn't come by last weekend, but we were all sick.  Jake continues to be a walking virus.  Talk to you later this week.  Grigsby 
 How is it going?  Have you seen little Allstar?  We are looking forward to coming to Austin soon to see Charles.  6201 Meadow Lake Houston, TX 77057 home 713-780-1022 work 713-853-7031  Grigsby 
 I will look over the options on Tuesday and get back to you as soon as possible.  Thank you, Mike 
 Please review the transport for next month and make certain that it is set up correctly for market prices.  Perm to Socal based on current spreads, SJ to Waha on EPNG, SJ to Waha on TW, etc.  The SJ to Waha spread is .20 for next month, does the transport work at these spreads?  Please make the changes before prebid.  Also, please put in a good burn estimate for Citizens next month.  Please prepare to supply our socal pool with non-topock gas 100% next month.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please check the physical and fin index positions for prompt.  The index totals do not match the volumes in the Consindex tab in newcurrentday.  Thanks, Mike 
 Sorry.  The topock curve should be marked as Socal flat.  Remember that we show the differentials in index spreads.  Please make certain that the pg&e topock curves are flat to socal in the future.  Can we run a report showing the curveshift spread between the two points since Jan 1, 2001?  Thanks.  Mike 
 What was the 10 million diff?  Physical book?  Thanks, Mike 
 Will I get access to the VP  investment program for this year's bonus?  Let's push for this if not.  Grigsby 
 Can i get my ehronline id?  Thanks.  Mike 
 Fixing the PG&E topock curve to Socal less .25 would only allocate more positive income to the transport.  The position at topock is short.  I am not sure if this is the problem from Friday.  Let's get together in the morning. Thanks for the email.  Sincerely, Mike 
 Thank you for the email.  I hope everything is going well.  The gas market is up to its same old tricks this year.  Keep in touch.  Sincerely, Mike 
 Congratulations to you as well!  I am looking forward to working with you and the Denver office.  We are excited about the term opportunities in the west this year.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Matt,  Please take a look at these spreadsheets and calc the gas usage by plant and by pipe in CA.  Chris Foster is telling us that most of these palnts will be shutting down in the next few weeks due to credit exposure.  Let's discuss the impact on sendouts.  Thanks, Grigsby 
 Thank you for the email.  It has been a long ride since I began my morning's sitting with you on the old GD desk.  I hear your name all of the time, but rarely run into you.  I hope to see you soon.  Sincerely, Mike 
 Thank you for the email.  It sounds like everything is going well for you. We are in Portland this week hanging out with the boys.  Planning to go skiing in Bachelor this afternoon.  We'll see you in Houston one of these days.  Take care, Mike 
 Barry,  I would like to focus our deal flow on Apr-Oct or 1 yr San Juan and Rockies supply.  Our fundamental investment is mainly in the rockies for 2001.  Let's get together with Mark Whitt, Paul Lucci, and others to set our supply goals for the mainly the apr-oct period.  I would like to work on buying every mmbtu of Opal, and all points included in the IF NW Rockies index.  Our goal should be to purchase at least 400,000/d of rockies supply and 500,000/d of San Juan Blanco and Bondad.  we have been buying these phys index points at +.01 in the rockies and +.005 in the San Juan.  You may need to coordinate with Fred Lagrosta's group initially to get all of their producer contacts.  Thanks, Mike 
 Thank you for the summary.  Where can we find a detailed summary of the gas cost mechanism?  Are we confident that it is an average of all border points into CA?  If the real time price is capped at the least efficient generator, then what happens if this genertor can only buy Socal daily gas?  This avergae CA gas price will lead to a tighter heat rate for the generators, since the spread between Malin and Socal has reached $7.00 at times.  Thank you, Mike Grigsby 
 Please activate all draft products in finswaps, and nontx phys and phys index (all terms) including restricted SJ.  Thank you very much.  Please call me when they are activated.  Mike Grigsby x37031 
 I have been thinking about the cash book idea for group and I think we need to discuss this in more detail.  I would like to continue to use the physical for large prompt positions going forward.  I am afraid that the baseload volumes may not continue on their current trend if we break out the books. We need to discuss how the cash books would lay off risk.  i.e. Intra regional spreads with GD swap legs or spreads with other cash points and then booking out at gd mid to the internal counterparty.  Janie managing SJ and laying off risk on Steve's Opal.  I know that the cash books would be a good idea for dailies , but I am not sure how to do this without giving up the cash risk for baseload as well.  What are your thoughts?  I would also like to discuss the staffing issues.  Matt Smith and Susan Scott to analyst,  Jay to the ROX, etc.  It seems like Ken S. has shown more interest in the west fundies lately.  Should we keep his services?  The basis products need another book.  Who can we add to the mix?  I think that we should look into having Frank focus on prompt month only.  He has a great interest in cash and fundies and this should serve him well in managing tight two ways for all products on the prompt.  Keith can do term with another book.  Monique is going to take over the gd swaps for Kern, SJ, and Perm.  I will continue to manage the CA products.  This should allow us to provide tighter two ways across the west. I will continue to manage all index products and prompt month phys fixed price.  Operations needs more labor as well as an analyst or two to monitor flows. The analysts will monitor flows by price and hopefully find creative ways to nom the market.  EOL.  Keith has a great idea of opening up all products to the desk so that you may insert a bid or an offer inside of the manager's markets.  We should propose this to EOL.  This would allow for tighter markets on all products and prevent the desk from working markets through the brokers.  Ca cash products.  Let's call a meeting about how to offer more Socal physical products.  I would like to have PG&E topock and Socal Ehrenberg before the summer.   Mike 
 Let's discuss the following.  Making markets on GD swaps and managing the risk Hiring a new analyst to track our spreadsheets, create our products and get them ready to trade each morning. Your Access EOL reports.  Get it to a level that Ina might be able to download the data each day. Talk to Susan about joining the group.  Mike 
 I would like to add electronic index descriptions to the database.  Please refernece Gas Daily publication, page three for the location of these indices.  We can simply insert the location of the electronic index where we currenly have the gas daily index survey language in the gd swaps in the database.  I would like to have electronic gd swaps for the following points.  El Paso Permian, El Paso , non-bondad, Kern River/Opal Plant, Socal Gas, large packages.  We will need to add electronic to the product title to differentiate between the two gd swaps.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 Please add Carey Metz to our bidweek index survey spreadsheet.  Thanks.  Mike 
 I will volunteer for interviewing candidates.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 Please send the sources of our ferc CA analysis to becky cantrell. She needs to include the sources with the filing. 
 Anne,  We would like to know the P&L for trading California gas this year for physical only.  Please run a report summarizing the P&L at Socal Topock, PG&E Topock, Socal Ehrenberg, Ca Production, PG&E Topock, Malin, etc.  We will then need to notify John Lavorado of the results.  Thanks, Mike 
 Any word on the sw bell charges for DSL service?  Also, will you have houston cellular activate my voice mailbox?  Thanks, Mike 
 Good morning.  With the energy crisis in California at this time, we will need to be extra careful with nominations at Socal and throughout the west to ensure that we continue to provide the excellent nomination service that we have been providing to our customers.  You guys are doing an excellent job and we understand that you are under quite a bit of pressure with limited staff.  Our contracts state that we must notify every customer of  pipeline allocations 12 hours in advance.  We all know that this can be almost impossible on EPNG, but because of the current price levels at Socal and the basins, Enron needs to call each customer and notify them of their cuts with an explanation of the pipeline cuts each day to avoid any potential penalties.  We also need to document when the call was made.  In regards to the ATM nominations on Socal (ones that we can't monitor), Enron will be requesting full pipeline summaries of the nominations from our counterparties.  Please try to think of any nomination gaming that may take place at these historical levels.  We need to remember that our counterparties may not act as they have in the past due to the market price implications on their P&L.  We should not rely on prior business conduct in regards to "standard epng allocations" when dealing with our customers.  I would expect that the market is going to overreact to any cuts that may be above the "pipeline average".  Let's discuss how we are going to monitor the flows of nominations out of our control.  How do we prevent collusion with respect to the socal nominations that we can't see?  Are there package numbers on each baseload contract to ensure that they don't simply reshuffle gas according to price? Let me know which companies are not providing Enron with timely allocation reports at Socal and I will call their senior trader to discuss getting this operational information sooner.  Sincerely,  Mike 
 What do you thnk about amazon gift certificates of $30.00 to the group?  Let's put the "Tick" on selling mojave index for feb-oct 2001.  heavy orig if he can find a nice market.  Let's put Ina on the west desk trip for Feb.  We should book it now to send a nice message to the group after our last cancellation.  Grigsby 
 Did we send the odd lot trading postcard to all of our customers?  I didn't know it was sent out.  What was the response, etc.?  Our RC number is 105891.  Thank you, Mike Grigsby 
 It looks like Anne accidentally include two Sumas trades in the Rockies data priced at 13.90 and 14.00.  She will send out a revised spreadsheet on Thursday.  The Rockies Opal wacog will then be $5.913.  Sorry for the error.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby Director, West Trading 
 Anne,  We need to delete the two trades listed under rockies that are priced 13.90 and 14.00.  Please move these trades to Sumas and resend the data to the publications with an explanation.  The index for rox should be 5.9125 after you make the changes.  Thanks, Mike 
 Okay, I think the tds tab in newcurrentday was wrong.  It is showing a jan pos of 269.55 lots, but TDS is showing 539.1.  False alarm.  We will fix newcurrentday.  Mike 
 The PG&E basis position in TDS does not match the FEB/MAR position.  The Baja spread was executed as a NOV-MAR position months ago. The only real changes were to Socal basis over time. There is no telling when this might have changed in error.  Will you please research the position to see when this position was reduced.  I am guessing that a park and loan was executed by Frank Ermis at some point and the basis risk was allocated to GD New by mistake.  Thanks, Mike 
 Nice compliment.  We shoudl discuss putting together an automated sheet each day for cash trading.  Please get together with me and the fundies group to work out a report.  Thanks, Mike 
 Ina,  Will you please add the following fax number to the fax memory button that Pete Keavey uses to submit daily prices.  The NGW fax number is 202-347-8089.  Anne,  Starting tonight, will you add NGW to the monthly bidweek email and index postings.  Send the documents to SSpeaker@energyintel.com  Thanks, Mike 
 Thank you.  Can you also address the question about gda physical volumes not showing up in my position manager?  Let me know.  Mike 
 Are we confident that the gda priced positions are not being represented in my newcurrentday position sheet?  I know that Phillips triggered their volumes back to GDA equivalent and that Matt Lenhart bought some GDA malin gas.  How do we keep these from showing up in the physical risk?  Mike 
 The position sheet from yesterday afternoon, close of business, is quite different than the position posted in newcuurentday for 11/29.  What do you think the difference is?  The SJ, Perm, and Socal don't match.  Are we booking them correctly.  Let me know.  Ask Anne to reconcile each day with comments on the prompt tab.  Thanks, Mike 
 We will need to discuss how to adjust physical risk to match the flow constraints on EPNG.  The currrent capacity cuts in the SJ and Socal topock delivery points are 50%.  I would like my P&L to show this risk.  Please find a way to adjust the positions according to a daily flow curve that can be set in newcurrentday by either myself or Monique.  Also, We will need to set up a new physical curve for Mojave Topock.  Our transport is currently being reallocated by EPNG for deliveries to Mojave instead of Socal topock.  I would like to show the transport on EPNG value as SJ plus cost to Mojave and have the value roll out each month, if any.  The risk is showing the value of SJ to Socal topock (currently wide spreads for 2001) on the transport when it actually has less value delivering to Mojave topock.  Sincerely, Mike 
 My address is 6201 Meadow Lake 77057 and my home phone is 713-780-1022.  The horns looked great last week.  Chris Simms is alive.  The best quarterback performance I have ever seen in Memorial stadium since Peter the Great.  Just think if we had Phil Brown running the ball.  Grigs 
 no attachments included 
 Hello JJ.  The Clark family will have me traveling to Abilene on this day.  I hate to miss the highlight of the X-MAS holiday.  Let me know what the plans are for New Year's Eve this year.  Will you guys be in Houston?  I hope Dallas is treating you well.  We can't wait to see Michael.  Clark and Jake are doing great.  Grigsby 
 thank you 
 Ina,  thank you for the site.  Will you please have me added to the site access?  I tried to login without success.  Sincerely, mike 
 This looks good.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please create the following monthly for daily swap.  IF GD/D CIG (N SYS). The GD index is listed under CIG (N. Sys) on page two.  The monthly index  is listed as CIG Rocky Mountain.  Thank you, Mike Grigsby 
 Hey guys.  Let's try this.  Take the data from 2000 and change the following.  Take Keystone West volumes to 850,000/d rateably, then add the new gen numbers posted below.  You will need to add this demand to the EOC S ML demand numbers (Is Salmayuca included in this number?).  We should use the 2000 waha west volumes for now.  You should end up with reduced ehrenberg volumes for the reduction in Keystone west volumes and the addition of New Gen demand.  Run the storage balance at 2000 Socal in this scenario.  We will then plug forward with waha west volumes to balance Socal in 2001.  Also, add columns to adjust (90%, 60%, 50%, etc) the burns for new gen in SW.  We should then look to adjusting socal demand down for the high hydro/increased NW imports to CA scenario that could happen.  Use the SP-15 2000 gen numbers and then back out the avg of 1999 and 2000 power imports.  I would like to avoid averaging 1999 and 2000 socal gas demand. Use a 10,000 heat rate to reduce gas demand.  Have Jay adjust EOC demand for normal weather.  We may have to refer to the load sensitivity data from west power to reduce the SW electric loads and then back out of gen numbers using a 10,000 heat rate.  We will then be exposed to EPNG and the OPS increasing Keystone west volumes between now and next summer - run the 2001 with this possibility as well. Take Key West to 1.1 bcf.  Let me know where my errors in approach may be.  This should give us a picture of the Socal deliverability for 2001.      Thanks, Mike 
 This is the data that we will use to build our Socal growth estimates.   Take a look at the file and then we can discuss how to combine this with current pipeline capacity and future expansions.  Mike 
 I like this report.  Can it be put into the same format as the other "access" reports?  Thanks for all of your work on this project.  You are doing a great job.  Mike 
 Dear Dan,  Thank you for contacting me, but I am quite content with my current opportunities at Enron.  Thank you so much for your interest.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby Director of Trading 
 Ina, I can't seem to find the expense deposit for the SW Bell charges in my account.  Will you please contact them again and ask them for a copy of the check?  Thank you so much.  Mike 
 Thank you very much.  Mike Grigsby 
 Please sweep the products in phys non-tx<1 month and phys index non TX<1 month.  Also, i need access to view restricted products in product manager for non-tx phys forward and index<1 month.  Thanks, Mike 
 Thanks. It looks like the phys transport volumes were added to socal and citygate, but could you add all of the transport model positions to the physindex tab.  PG&E topock, san juan, mojave, krs, etc.  Gracias, Mike 
 Let's plan on mailing this out to the US customers only.    Call me today to discuss the eol new version.  Thanks, Mike 
 After continuing to play musical chairs with the west eol products, I think we have decided on a plan.  Keith and Frank will handle the prompt and term basis.  This includes the monthly basis, daily basis, and gd index for SJ, ROX, Scal, CG, and Malin.   They will make certain that the gd index products are out there for all terms.  Cary Metz is managing the Perm products.  I will handle the prompt month physical fixed price and index for all of the index points.  The term physical index will be coming soon.  The rest of the group will continue to manage their cash index points for the next day trading, while adding the BOM physical with a basis link to Monique's GD BOM products.  I would like to get the cash products out on eol by 7:15 each morning.  The early info will come in handy as we approach winter.  Let me know what you think.   Steve and Matt have started a pilot program in the NW for rolling out their next day cash products after 11:00 am each day.  We will look into rolling out the SW in the future.  We are in the process of sending out the "odd lot" notice to our customers regarding all products on eol.  We will change our product minimum to one mmbtu in the next week.  You may want to discuss this with your direct customers before the mailout.  With the addition of Olivia Newton-John to my Scour selection, it is no secret that we have a new commitment to physical in the west.  If you review your customer contact sheet and discover an old customer that we haven't contacted in some time, then call them and visit.  We will be using EOL and the brokers for physical volumes, but nothing beats the direct phone call for the baseload phys.  Thanks,  Mike 
 Nice job on the postcard.  I will get you an answer on the mailout tomorrow morning.  Let me know if you hear anything from EOL regarding the new version.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 The Gas Daily basis issue should be worked out between your desk and the monthly basis desk.  We are making markets on GD basis for every term and index point.  This creates a nice market for term gd index.  Let us know how you guys would like to cover the gd basis with us.  The real opportunity for gd basis is at socal, where the monthly index is so unreliable.  Mike 
 We will launch as soon as we get the mailout to our customers.  Mike 
 Great. Can you come to trading floor around 11:30 am on Wednesday?  I am located at 3210C.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Let's begin rolling out the cash products at 7:15 am.  We should also get back to the cash strategy of the desk each morning.  Let's start testing the market, find the support and resistance each day.  It would be nice to have EOL change the stack manager so that we can switch a product from manage market depth to last trade is mid with the click of a button, and not go through the product properties.  I'll call them tomorrow.  Let's also decide on a time to close the products each morning.  We want to send the message of reliability, but also allow our Ops group to balance and nom.  I want to begin trading the next day cash by 11:01 am every day.  This would stay active until 4:00.  The push is for PHYSICAL.  Our edge over the market will be phys.  From risk to the ability to nominate and invoice, the other platforms will never see it coming. What are the chances that ICE and espeed will deal with el paso flows?  If information is the reason for EOL, then this will provide it.  It all seems so simple - Fixed priced physical, just when you thought it was old economy.  The reliable indices to big position trading to EOL market share, all benefit under the new mantra.  Mike 
 Hello.  The west gas desk would like to send a mailout to our EOL customers regarding the new opportunity to trade "odd lots" on every physical product. EOL has been instrumental in providing liquidity to previously illiquid physical delivery points in the west for standard volumes of 5000 mmbtu/d and greater, but we would like to notify our customers that EOL will now accommodate odd size lots, in 1 mmbtu increments.  This will allow us to trade the "non-standard" volumes with all of the market.  Do we have a creative team that might be able to assist us in our efforts? We were thinking about a one page mailout with a clear message.  We would like it to be very upbeat and funny.  Thank you for your assistance.  I can be reached at x37031.   Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby Director, West Gas trading 
 Anne,  After NX1 going forward, I would like to load my final positions in the LIQBasis tab in NCD.  The positions will include basis, physindex and gd index positions.  We can then run settlement index scenarios to see what my risk will be to index postings.  This will be a huge benefit.  Gracias, Mike 
 Please read the following email from EOL.  I have asked them to assist the West desk in mailing out an ad to all of our customers (utilities, producers, industrials, and some IPPs) notifying them of our plan to reduce the minimum volume accepted on all of our EOL products.  Start thinking of which customers should be on the list and try to think of a creative way to present this to our customers.  EOL has asked us to provide them with the text of our message.  Also, let's go ahead and reduce the min volume on our products (primarily all phys and gas dailies) this week.  We are attempting to capture all of the odd lot flow in the market.  I would see this service as a clear advantage over the other web platforms.  Let's get together on Friday afternoon at Ninfa's to discuss our ideas.  Thanks, Mike 
 Thank you, but shouldn't the products be listed as follows.  GD/D PG&E CtyG-HHUB, PG&E CtyG-Socal, Socal-Malin, PG&E CtyG-Malin.  Please let me know what you think.  How would the legal description read?  Thanks, Mike 
 Thank you very much.  Mike 
 Will you please get me access to manage the SJ physical product? I would like to link it for prompt month information.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please add PG&E citygate GD/D -  HHub GD (basis) to the database.  Also, I would like to check on the status of the Baja spread product.  Please sweep the new products in FIN basis, Fin swaps, and non-tx physical <or= to 1 month.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please order two new monitors for me.  I will be adding the two to the left of the four screens I currenly have.  please request the arms as well.  thanks mike 
 call me before 12:10.  i am taking a half day. 
 Thank you for contacting me.  The new baby is doing great.  I would like to add you guys to the box if you are interested.  I would also like to have your west physical guys on my box.  It has been brought to my attention that APB has great fixed price physical flow.  If you are not aware, I am running the physical desk as well.  Let everyone know that it will based on one condition - All numbers or no numbers.  We do not wish to participate in a closed market.  Call me later.  Mike Grigsby 713-853-7031 
 Please add Monique Sanchez to the US GAS Basis products for the west region. She will be managing the OCT SJ, PERM, Scal, Opal, etc. basis spreads to the Henry Hub.  I can be reached at 713-853-7031.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 We need to run regression on this load profile for Palo Alto.  We should back out the industrial class and run their residential load.  Can you find reliable weather for Palo Alto?  Kim Ward is signing a full requirements deal with Palo on PG&E.  Thanks, Mike 
 Mo,  Are your reports still available for EOL that you created months ago?  I would like to turn them over to the fundies group ( Matt Smith) tomorrow.  Mike 
 Call me to discuss my discussions with the guy in charge of steel.  The guy was most disturbing.  There will not be any opportunity to contact this guy in the near future.  Grigs 
 Will you transfer all of the existing SJ 100% flow deals to the new curve? Please coordinate with the desk to identify all deals executed prior to the new curve being created.  Thanks, Mike 
 The box will be turned on Wednesday.  Thanks for the email regarding my baby.  Talk to you in the morning.  Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby 
 Sorry I didn't get back to you sooner.  Thank you for the invite the other day.  I just had my second child, so I am little busy.  We will be turning on the box with natsource gas daily today.  I apologize for the inconvenience. The information reported internally warranted suspending business with Natsource for a few days.  I am not interested in hearing your side of the story.  Business as usual here forward.  Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby 
 Dear Tom,  I am glad you like the website.  When you go into the personalize myquotes filter, select the commodity, region, and products.  You will need to scroll down the products list and select the US GAS phys index points of interest to you.  Please call me if you have any problems.  Your filter can then be sorted by right clicking on the filter at the column heading.  You can sort by five different groupings.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Dear Tom,  Enron would be interested in getting together with other trading partners to discuss listing other index points at the Socal border.  I think the market requires other postings to reflect the fundamental changes in the market with respect to transportation constraints.  The market has clearly seen a divergence in the summer spreads between PG&E and Socal interconnects.  The marginal generation load in SP-15 and Southern California this summer has proven that Socal Gas is short delivered gas and is incapable of meeting daily demand with flowing supplies, and will be incapable of injecting gas during these months.  Because of this, supply being transported from the Southwest supply basins can only find a home going into PG&E.  This places downward pressure on PG&E Topock gas and upward pressure on Socal Topock gas.  Remember, Socal is an island, not because of the delivered capacity to the border via EPNG and TW, but because of the limited capacity of Socal's interconnects.  Demand exceeds the supply interconnect capacity.  There is also a divergence between Ehrenberg and Topock because of liquidity.  Topock is a more liquid market because of the upstream transport contracts on EPNG and downstream buying patterns of certain Socal markets. The market is more diversified at Topock than Ehrenberg.  The overwhelming demand pressure on Socal gets exposed at Topock.  Although Ehrenberg is the marginal point for gas into Socal, there is more of an imbalance in upstream c