 Amy, I would like to attend this course.  Thank you! 
 You betcha,  I get off around 5:30-5:45 where were you thinking. 
 Yeah tell me about it.  So the reason I called to see if you wanted to do something last week was because I got a settlement on my some of my dads insurance shit and I wanted to go out to a nice dinner.  I thought it would be a nice opportunity for us to hang out and catch up.  I hope you don't still think that I didn't want to see you that night because you are dating dave, I just had to run some errands right when you called back. 
 Never mind.  So anyway, I am totally worked right now.  I went to the Blazer game with my friend Kate and we ended up going out afterward.  i ended up staying out until 2am and I had to be in to work at 5:30.  So basically my day is totally sucking.  How are you doing? 
 ya don't say? 
 Dave, if you are short cash I can send you the check tommorow, however, I will be down there next Wednesday so I can just give you a check when i get down there if you like. 
 Dave, call you this weekend.  Thanks for breaking it down for me. 
 Okay, I am officially a dumb ass! Next time I email you I will be sure to check my spelling and GRAMMAR 
 Yeah you like that?  Aren't you just little miss grammer today! 
 Hey a few of us are going to grab some drinks after work wanna come? 
 Jesse told me to email you this.  It is the Cal ISO private web site https://iso_si/iso/ 
 So are you not talking to me anymore or something?  I emailed once and called twice in the past week and a half  and haven't heard back from you? 
 You love it when I pick on you. 
 Bill I have a freind that just graduated from Oregon State with a business degree i think his emphasis was MIS and finance.  He is a pretty bright kid and wants to pursue a carrer in finance.   I actually talked to him about it at some length about Enron on New Years Day and he seemed very interested. .  He is a friend of mine from my fraternity and a really good guy who I think would fit in well here if given the opportunity.  I dont know about your feelings on hiring guys right out of college.  I know we had done so in the past but I wasn't really sure about your feelings on that.  Let me know. 
 Dave, I am planning on driving up after I get off work on Saturday morning and should be up in Seattle by about 10:30 or so.  I will probably just go to Jorge's and crash out until you arrive.  Have you guys made any plans for Saturday night?  I talked to Donald, he wasn't aware that you were even coming but he said he would like to do something with all of us.  We actually talked about maybe going skiing on sunday I don't know if you would be intereseted in doing  that. 
 Ryan, I had already purchased tickets to go to LA and then Las Vegas for that 6 day break i have at the end of the month, so I won't be able to work the night of the 26th 
 Bill, for approximately 2 and a half hours on (2:20-5:00am MST)  the scrape was completely down.  There was no access to it at all.  To maintain the model and also to properly run the units i maintained 15 minute verbal contacts with Generation, and updated the scrape based on the numbers that they gave me.  The numbers appeared good and there were no problems for those hours.  Apparently this also happened to Holden earlier on 12/23.  I also had one hour on 12/23 (HE 24) that was not working correctly either.  Thought I should let you know.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 Les, on 12/24 I input the Willamette transaction as usual however I could not get the deal number 471943 (transmission piece we have been using) to extend to this day.  Therefore in order to keep us flat I just created one transmission deal for 15MW HE 1-24 and used the normal pac transmission price.  I am not sure if this is correct or how this should eactly be handled.  I will be on break from the 24th thru the 30 so if you could fix the deal if that is not the correct way to do it, that would be greatly appreciated.  Also if you could let me know what was done for future reference.  Thanks,  Merry x-mas and Happy New Year! 
 Tim, I understand and will comply with these requests. 
 Bill, during HE 17  IID had a 130 MW  Firm in the scrape and in the model. When checking out with IID they stated they had 120 MW only.  In speaking with Joe at  IID they stated that  they spoke with Tony at 14:13 PST and told him to put in 120 for HE 17 and 18 MST.  I agreed to check out with their number as it appears that there was a miscommunication between IID, Tony, and David (who was working during that shift).  You may want to ask Tony when he comes in if he recalls this conversation.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 Bill, per our conversation last night I phoned PAC to see if they could put in the disputed Idaho deal.  They stated that they could not do that.  They were very nice about it an stated that they have problems with Idaho quite often but they had to turn away several customers during that hour and would not be able to add our schedule.  I have deleted the deals from enpower and I have deleted them from the El Paso sheet however, I did not do a final checkout with Idaho Power for those hours in case we have any further recourse on this issue.  Thank you for your help in this matter and please let me know what you need me to do to further resolve this issue. 
 What the hell? 
 Hey sharkey.  I will be out of town the 23rd thru the 30th.  How long are you going to be in town for? 
 Thats a dilema. 
 Thank you for your prompt response! 
 I am sorry.  I have been sooooo busy this week with work and tonight I am going to the lakers game with my friend from work, however, I would love to hang out with ya this weekend sometime.  Call me tommorow durring the day at home or on my cell! 
 Oh yeah and I might bring Price Strader too. 
 Is it allright if I bring Marc Johnson? 
 Hardy Har Har......   I meant on the game itself not you drinking or not drinking?   By the way why are you not drinking at the game 
 So whats the bet for the game on Wednesday? 
 I am not to picky.  I dated you didn't I? 
 Amy and John, several people within the Real Time Group are curious as to the process regarding our new holiday bonus pay.  We are all extremely grateful to have this new compensation package but some clarification would be great.    I would assume that we would be paid for working a holiday on the following pay period.  For example I worked on the Friday after Thanksgiving ( Considered a minor holiday $250).  Would it be correct to assume that I would be paid for that holiday on December 15th?  Would this bonus pay be included in our regular paycheck or come seperate like an expense check? Is there anything we need to do?  It seems that several people within the group are unclear on this new policy other than the amount of the pay.   Could you please clarify this process for us?    Thank you for your attention to this matter and Happy Holidays! 
 Dude.  I will be having some beers with our friend Marc Johnson on Friday night.   I will be down in SF today thru Sunday and he is going to be there to.  Also when i talked to him today he said he is planning on coming up the weekend of the 15th so I will keep you posted.  See ya 
 Dude I hear you are going to be in town this weekend.  Unfortunately I will be gone, I am going to SF to hang with Burnsy as i have a six day break from work.  I will however, be back in town on Sunday night.  If you are going to be in town  still maybe we could grab a beer late sunday night (I don't get in until 10) or grab lunch on Monday as I don't work monday.  Give me a call on my cell and let me know.  Oh, by the way i will be going out with the one and only Marc Johnson for some beers in the city on Friday night.  He is in the country for a month.  If you want to have a chat with the man give us a call that night 503-702-0463.  Take care buddy and happy holidays!  Oh yeah, what is your address. I am sending out some x-mas cards. 
 Dude I have to work New Years Day.  I was sure we were going to get ganked and end up in the Holiday Bowl.  I would have definetly been able to go to that.   I am fucking pissed.  Anyway, I might still go to the Holiday Bowl and root for Texas. 
 okay so it's 2:30 am and I am so ready to be out of here it is ridiculous.  I am so excited to come down there and have some fun and just forget about work and all the other lame ass shit that has been going on in my life.  Anyway looking forward to seeing you and here is Burnsy's cell phone number 415-710-3410.   Also remember if you don't want to drive home that night or take the Bart home (you taking the bart home alone scares me) you are more than welcome to crash at Burnsys house on Thursday night.  He has a pull out bed and told me to tell you you are more than welcome to crash there.  I will catch up with ya tommorow and we will figure out what to do Thursday night. 
 John.  SW Market was $175 @ $225 during these hours.  I put these deals in @ $200. 
 I will be in San Fransisco until Monday, So if you could just hang on to it when it comes it would be greatly appreciated.  thank you very much for your follow up. 
 Hey sweetie.  I am flying in early in the morning on Wednesday and will be at Burnsys house most of the day.  I will give you a call later this evening however, the better day for us to hang out will most be on Thursday night as Burnsy and i had planned on going to the warrior vs lakers hoops game on Wednesday night.  Anyway I will give ya a call.  Take care sweetie and see ya soon. 
 okay this should fix it. 
 Yeah I guess that makes sense.  I thought you were madly in love with this cat. 
 Here is your stuff whinner 
 Kathy, I believe this model is now fixed.  Let me know if there are any other troubles 
 sounds good.  give me a call on Sunday and let me know or i will try and get a hold of you 
 All right you are done on both of those games and I want delivery of the funny story today before you forget.  Unless it is about me and then I just don't even want to know. 
 Okay so here is the email I sent earlier.  Hey so do you have any good stories about stuff you did that night or what?  I do 
 My address is 1515 NW 28th Apt7 Portland OR 97210 
 Yeah I don't remember automatic winning rights either.  Neither do I remember automatic "whining"  rights. 
 You lost a bet.  You owe me the dinner its not like you called me up and asked me out.  And besides if I wouldn't have kept asking you about it I am sure you would have "forgot" 
 So lets see.  You want me to take time out of my busy schedule so that you can plan a date with some dude? 
 No. 
 So how are you and what his face doing? 
 Dude, I am totally joking around with you.  You always look cute.  Well at least when you were dating me you always looked cute. 
 Well you know I got a rep to uphold and i don't want to be out on the town with someone looking all scrappy! 
 Are you gonna wear something cute tonight? 
 Okay so, five hours at work and so far no fallout from christmas party shenanigans!  This is going better that expected. 
 Hey how late will he be here on sunday.  I think I get in town at 5 
 Yeah, I locked myself out of my house also.  really smart move!  I felt so terrible yesterday after our two nights of binge drinking.  I can't believe you stayed up partying until 6 in the morning.  You are CRAZY.  Hey did we make some sort of deal on those tickets.  I vaguely remember something to that effect. 
 So what time did you end up getting home on Saturday night.  I was absolutely demolished on Sunday and left the house only to come down and pick up my car which was at the Embassy Suites?  Did ya have fun? 
 Sorry won't be there as I am going down to San Fran to have a few brews with Burns for the weekend. 
 Kim, who do you think you are fooling?  A drink or two?  Really?!?!  I think I have heard that one from you before.  I don't even say shit like that anymore because when I say shit like that I end up partying harder than I would have had I just kept my mouth shut.  But in respect for your new job we will make sure you are home and tucked in bed early!  :)  See ya soon! 
 Where is the Holiday ale fest?  Is it cool? Are you on some sort of secret beer newsletter that I am not getting?  How come I only hear about this shit from you?  I feel out of touch with the world of brewdom 
 Dude that is psycho!  But i will still give her a break because she was cute. 
 Wow!   Someone has lost there sense of humor!  Maybe you are having an estrogen overdose. 
 YESSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I knew that would get you all worked up! 
 I don't believe for a second that you didn't make plans with Dave!  Monday will probably be okay.  I would say lets plan on it but I know how bad you are about shit like that so just call me Sunday and let me know.  If I don't hear from you by then I will just assume we aren't going.  have a great day 
 I could probably do monday night.  I will have to get back to you.  What happened to Friday? 
 when am i getting my victory dinner.   I figure I ought to hit you up now before you get bac together with dave 
 Yo baby whats up?  Thanks for hanging out with me on Monday night.  I had a really good time (even if you were preoccupied with the Dave thing).  I hope all is going well for you.  I am actually working a day shift which is pretty cool because there is a lot less to do on the day shifts.  So, what do you have going for the rest of the week?  I have a work function tonight.  One of my friends is moving to the Calgary office so we are all going for beers at the Lucky Lab in southeast.    I got a call from my date from hell. Aparently I told her last week that we could grab a movie tonight.  I don't want to go so I think I am just going to tell her that this work thing is going to last too late.  Anyway how is your grandmother doing?   Are you excited about your party this weekend?  I went and bought a couple dress shirts and a tie for my christmas party at Nordstrom yesterday and ended up spending $184 !  Just on two shirts and a tie.  I should just refrain from even going to that store.  Check ya later sweetie! 
 Whats up lil' Kirky.  Don't worry about getting cut off I figured your phone just died or something.  I am so excited to come down there and hang out in the city.  I haven't hung out in the City since turning 21 and would love to go check things out.  That would be awesome if you could come into town on Wednesday or Thursday night.  Maybe we could grab dinner and some drinks.  I called your brother last night and left a message telling him that I was going to be in town.  Hopefully he isn't mad at me for all the assing out I did the weekend of Wilsons wedding.  I think my body is still recovering from all those shenanigans.  Anyway I will give you a call or email you early next week and let you know what our plan is for Wednesday and Thursday.  Look forward to seeing ya sweetie. Take Care! 
 Guys.  I started to work on this and contacted Forney today however due to computer problems I did not finish this today. Could one of you please take care of this matter tonight.  thank you for your assistance. 
 Les, we were unable to find power at a reasonable rate for the  HE 5 2MW schedule so we therefore we just didn't show up in the PX for that hour.  The only offer we recieved was for $225 which I felt was too steep to pay.  It turned out well however as the PX price was $120 and there was no cong at Mead so we saved them a little money by not buying the $225.  Just thought I would let you know. 
 Hey Tyson.  Are you guys doing anything after the game?  I think Ben Pacewic, Jeff Burns, Kevin Stangeland, Chris Hartman, Rueben Schug and some other guys are coming down and staying the night but i don't think we will have time to stop by before the game.  I know I would like to come by the house and see how things are doing and I am sure those guys would to so let me know if you guys have anything going on Saturday night.  YITB  GUZ 
 So I went out with a bunch of dudes from work last night.  Me and my buddy Bill met these two chicks at the Saucebox and one of them asked for my number.  So I pick up my cell phone this morning and theres a message.  The chick called me last night!  The night I freaking met her.  HELLO PSYCHO! 
 Whats up Lester.  Are you going to go to the Bowl game.  It looks right now like it might be the fiesta or the Holliday Bowl.  If it is the Holliday Bowl i will probably go however if it is the Fiesta bowl I wont be able to make it.  How is the family.  Are you guys planning on coming out anytime soon 
 Dont worry about it.  I had a good time.  I don't really know what our plan is for the Beaver Game as I am hanging out with Burns and some guys from my fraternity and hadn't really planned on hanging out with those guys until after the game.  But you can give me a call on my cell phone that day and I can let you know where the Winnebago is and maybe you guys can come meet us or if not we can meet up after the game or something. 
 So do I get a raincheck on Beaches? 
 I will be in LA folio.  Sorry 
 Thanks for being so nice about me venting.  I actually tried to call you but you were porbably in bed.  So I just went to the store grabbed as six pack had a few beers and sat at my computer for until about 3 am.  I was really having an enmotional night last night.  I think I just hadn't let go of my feelings and it all just came out in one night.  It is funny but the next morning I got calls from both Price Strader and Kim Kirkwood to see how I was doing.  Did I ever tell you the story about Kim and I at Wilsons wedding?    If not I should tell you it is really funny.  Anyway as far as watching the game I would love to watch it with you but I have tickets. Benny,  Burns, and a bunch of us are taking Benny's Winnebago down there and partying.  What sucks though is I have a night shift so basically I will be going down there on no sleep.  Regarding Beaches, I would love to do that also but, I am leaving on Sunday for LA and won't be back until the day after thanksgiving.  So, i guess i will just give you a call or something when I get back.  I thought that you would be watching the game with Dave.  Did something happen and you guys get in a fight again or something? 
 That was the absolutely one of the stupidest jokes I have ever heard.  Maybe you guys should put down your bongs for a minute and try to come up with something a little better than that.  GO BEAVS! 
 Wait do we pay her or just charge it online? 
 I would definetly be interested.  Tell her I will have the money for her on Sunday 
 Harbor Cogen called this on Monday night shift at approximately HE 24 stating that they would be unable to supply their day ahead schedules due to a crack in an oil supply line.  Mike at Harbor stated that we should not bid in day ahead schedules for Wednesday either as it appears to be a problem which may take some time to fix.  To cover the day ahead schedules we looked for power to cover it in SP however we could not find even an offer during the night shift.  I would advise Les and whomever is on the day and night shifts on Tuesday to keep in touch with Harbor regarding this issue.  Thank you for your attention to this matter and if you should have any questions please call me on my cell 702-0463 
 Hey dave.  I have a night shift tonight so thats why I am not getting back to  you until now.   Regarding Thanksgiving I have the 18th through the 23rd off. It is one of those six day breaks i was telling you about.  So this saturday (18th) I am going to the Civil War (Uof O vs. OSU) footbal game.  I am way fired up about it.  It should be a great time.  Then on Sunday afternoon I will be flying in to Orange County at 3:30pm and will be down there through Thursday evening when I will be flying back home at 6:30. Unfortunately I have to work the Friday after thanksgiving but at least I will be able to spend thanksgiving day  and most of the week with all of you.  I am going to be staying at my mothers house for the week.  Maybe Sunday evening we can all have dinner together or something after i get in. Anyway looking forward to seeing all of you.  I should be able to come down again for Christmas as I have the 24th through the 29th off.  Hey, have fun at the game and keep an eye on the scoreboard and root for the beavs!  If we win and Washington loses we go to the Rose Bowl  Take Care and see you this weekend! 
 So what is this "living in a hotel" shit? 
 Group,  Yesterday 11 /11 and this morning  11/12  the ISO cut one of our schedules where Enron was exporting from SP 15, to NOb more specifically the schedule looks like this: CISO-EPMI-SCL. Per Sean Crandall starting tomorrow and forward we will not allow the ISO to cut our schedules UNTIL  all the OTHER nonfirm schedules are cut FIRST. This is made possible by new FTRs that Chris Mallory scheduled on the Sp/NOB path.  As a result of having firm transmission rights If the ISO calls and cuts one of our schedules at NOB we need to make sure  and ask the ISO that the other nonfirm  schedules are cut first then we can accept our cut.  For any further questions on this matter contact Sean Crandall or Chris MAllory  thanks Monika 
 Yeah I like to hassle Eric and  I really kind of miss it actually.  My cell phone number is 503-702-0463 and my home number is 503-228-7767.  I would love to grab a beer with ya sometime.  Are you going to the Civil War Game next weekend? 
 Yep I am here.  How are you doing? 
 When did you get all responsible and shit?  Sign me up for $25 
 I don't know.  Its funny because we do the same thing with John Brown 
 On November 8th begining at HE 8 Tosco informed Real time that they were going off the grid with no return ETA.   They were scheduled in correctly for the day ahead at 7 MW.  We were able to take out hours 11-24 however, hours 8-10 we were short ex-post by the 7 MW.  Toscos schedule was zeroed out by decing short term cali load in PGE 3 per Jeff Richter.  Note to real time night shift.  Tosco may be coming back on line completely but as of yet they have not  called back to notify when that may be.  Please contact me or Jeremy with any questions. 
 As Jay Brown says "shit I don't even have any money to eat" 
 sounds good to me. 
 Yo, are we doin lunch tommorow still? 
 If we would have sent that Beaver Morris's home loan email that beaver could have had a roof over his head and this never would have happened. 
 I actually thought you were being serious so thats why I didn't respond. That and I am super busy right now.  Anyway talk to you later 
 I switch back and forth from night to day shifts it depends on the week.  I have been working day shifts this week.  I would say I would like to watch the game but I am actually going to the game.  What about a beer later in the week or this weekend.  I think Johnson might be in town soon, I reecieved an email from him this week. 
 Sounds to me like this guy is full of shit!.   As seems to be typical for most of those retards that used to work for Wilshire. 
 So, i have a question.  If Danny has been constantly asking you to come work for him how come he is now trying to get you a job somewhere else?  I thought he wanted you to work for him? 
 I think Bruce Zechenelly used to work for Advanta.  If you get an interview their I can call him and ask him how they are as a company. 
 The fact that you are moving down there has nothing to do with whether or not I do.  I was just joking.  Stop be so over analytical.  :)   Did you talk to Danny about the offer? 
 I don't know for sure if I am.  I am just in the "seriously thinking about it" stages.  However the fact that you are moving down there is definetly making me lean toward staying up here.  Tell your mom if you move and I stay she can adopt me. 
 Your mom rocks! 
 Dude, do you have Cheryl's phone number? 
 My reccomendations would be either Silver Dollar or Sports Page. 
 Loverboy.  Power Band of the 80's! 
 Bill, I would really like to sign up for the derivatives course being offered on June 4th and 5th.  I had already requested the 1st thru the 5th off in order to attend a wedding in LA however, I would like to attend the course and if selected would cut my trip short.  Let me know.  Thank you. 
 I thought of a great comeback for that one but since I haven't heard from you in a while I am going to be nice 
 You Wanna Piece of My Heart.... You better start from the start 
 How about if we just scrap the position all together and let Al Gore sell the White House to the Chinese at a Budhist Campaign Fundraiser  for the Democratic Party.  And then let the entire country be governed by referendum.  Oh wait, lets see there are 50 referendums on my ballot anyway so maybe we don't need state congress either. 
 Thanks sweetheart.  I am hanging in there as good as can be expected.  I was down there for two weeks and spent nearly all day every day with my sister and getting her moved to my moms and taking care of the funeral and all his bills and stuff.  It was a very hard two weeks but, I am doing okay.  I am more worried about my sister than anything else though.  She has my mom and stepdad though.  I felt bad leaving but my work had been so cool to give me two weeks of paid that I figured I shouldn't push it.  Anyway, I would love to go grab a beer with you sometime in the near future.  It is kind of nice just to go out and forget about things once in a while.  So how is everything with you?  You and Billy good?   Hows your family?  Let me know sometime if you want to grab a beer or lunch or coffee or something. 
 Hey there.  I am back and at work today.  Thank you for the phone calls and sorry I didnt return them but I was just entirely to busy and recieved too many calls to return them all until I came home.  I hope everything is going well for you.  We will have to get together and grab a bite to eat or a beer or something this week.  How was your weekend? 
 I assume when you say sick you were refering to Angelas friend.  If so, then no I didn't even touch her.  Angela actuall hates Nicole she says she is a "fat ho".  I have a very good story to tell you about what happened. 
 No come to find out Angelas little friend had herpes!  YUCK!  But actually you know her.  It is Nicole.  The girl that Jay was dating for a while.  Jay didn't care but it caused a huge fight between Angela and I.  It was pretty messy. 
 I feel bad but she understands.  I think she might come up and be with me for thanksgiving.  I have a six day break right around then and I think it would be good for her to just get away for a while. Guess what?  I had a couple of dates while I was in LA.  They went very well and she might come up in December for a weekend! 
 Letting him stir is good in some ways but guys actually tend to like a lack of clarity in relationships as it gives them more leeway.  However, I don't really know the dynamic in your relationship at all.  So Angela and I made up from our huge saturday morning fight before I left on Sunday and she cried like a baby when i left.  I feel so bad leaving her. She is really broken hearted right now. 
 How come you wanted a date for halloween then? 
 I just looked at myu schedule and I have to work neew years eve during the day and I don't know yet about new years day.. It really isn't that big of a deal to me.  The important thing for me right now is spending my free time to go down and spend time with my sister so I could kind of care less about going to the Beavers Bowl game when I can just watch it on TV. I mean it would be nice to go but it is not the slightest bit a priority for me right now.  So are you and dave seeing each other exclusively or are you dating other people? 
 Did I tell you I saw Kathy Chaney at Cobalt Lounge about 3 weeks ago, and then the next day i was that Prisilla (sp?) at Scooters?  I just thought it was wierd seeing two of your friends on two succesive evenings. 
 I just wasnt sure what we were doing thats all.  Yes if the Beavs go I will go if i have the day off but it is not likely they will.  We have to beat the ducks which is reasonable but UW has to lose which is not likely.  Likely we will go to the holliday or sun bowls. 
 Well, whatever, I am not really understanding whats going on so just call me sometime or something. 
 I said you cant just take away the dinner offer.  I wanted to go to dinner but if you thought it was going to be a big issue between you and Dave I didn't want to cause a fight between you two or something. 
 so are we just doing lunch then or dinner or dinner at your parents or what? 
 So......... 
 Well you cant just take away the dinner offer.  I just don't want to get you in trouble with Dave. 
 Uh.....sure I guess.  Would Dave have a problem with that? 
 I don't work on thursday or Friday so I could meet you guys for lunch either of those days.  Or we could grab a drink after work.  It would be nice to hang out more than just a few minutes for lunch. 
 I wouldn't stick around for someone that thinks U of O football is more important than getting married.  So, we should hang out sometime soon or something.  Boy do I have a ton of shit to tell you about. 
 Well I bet your family just feels like I was saying the other night.  That you are to close with them to actually move.  I wish you luck and hopefully you get a good offer but i would definetly think about needing more than just $35,000 to live in LA. I would think the absolute minimum you should take would be $40,000 to $45,000 plus moving costs and siging bonus.  He has been persuing you for over a year so it appears he is pretty desperate for you services.  In LA to get someone for that cheap is really a bargain.  You have got to realize it s really expensive to live there.  Especially if your office is in Beverly Hills.  You kind of have two options.  You could live in the Valley for cheaper.  But in my opinion the Valley sucks. I would never ever ever live in the valley.   Or you could find somewhere in like North Hollywood or maybe Redondo Beach.  Lisa lives there (north Hollywood)  and pays about $900 a month for a one bedroom apartment.  Which is very reasonable for LA.  Maybe Danny has some connections.   So I am curious, if Dave was to say I love you and don't go would you stay? 
 oh yeah.  Well anyway, hope you have a good week.  Take care. 
 So, you are really serious about this then huh?  I thought you were just thinking about it.  So where were you thinking of living? Have you discussed it with your family.  How much would they have to offer you in order for you to move and what kind of time frame are you thinking about.  What do you think daves reaction will be? 
 Just wanted to thank you for your help with my pay check last week.  it was greatly appreciated.  I am so tired. I didn't get to bed until 1am last night and had to be here at 5:30.  YUCK! 
 Dude thanks for the words.  I appreciate.  It has been a tough month.  I am back in portland for good now and would love to see you if your time frame allows.  How long are you in the state?  I  or have a wierd work schedule in which I work three days on t-hen two days off for four shifts in a row nt then get a six day break.  Why don't you give me a call at 503-228-7767 or on my cell at 503-702-0463 some time this evening or in the next few days.  Hope to see you while you are here 
 Thanks I so much appreciate the support.  Actually I just got back from LA today so sorry I didnt write back.  My father passed away a couple weeks ago and I have been down there taking care of everything for my sister.  It has been a rough month.  I will write back later in the week or maybe call you or something.  How is everything with you? 
 My pick for this week is Cincinnati 
 sure,  anytime this week is good for me. 
 This week picks.   I don't know if this is late but i since it is before the games have started (it is 6 am pacific right now) I am hoping that you can still put me in for Atlanta to lose to St Louis for this week.  Thanks man! 
 Yeah, I think I left a bunch of shit in those cupboards that night.  I miss that apartment to because it was so nice however, I love where I live now.  I never leave downtown anymore.   I only go out to places downtown pretty much and I don't have to drive if I want to go out for a few drinks.  I love northwest.  So how is it working out with the Kim thing.  Are you going to move out soon? As far as working nights goes the first night went fine and I was not even tired.  I am working tonight and Saturday night also.  I have next weekend off which will be nice.  Once I am up to speed I wont have to work nights. i will be working half the time nights and half the time days, so that will be a little better.  And it will be awesome to have a six day break once a month.  Not to mention the 10% raise!  Anyway have a great weekend.  Hey and if you are interested in grabbing lunch on Monday or a drink after work I have the day off.  Give me a call if you are interested. Otherwise I will catch up to ya later! 
 Thanks Greg, I am very much looking forward to the opportunity and appreciate your support.  Have a great weekend! 
 Thanks for the support Chris.  I am very excited about the opportunity.  Have a great weekend! 
 Things are good.  I have been very busy.  Work is going really well.  Other than that not much really.  And you. 
 sorry charly.  I don't have it 
 Tim, I will be writing up the proceedures for the forward obligation report tommorow.  I will email you the proceedures.  Also let me know when you decide who's responsibility the report will be and I will come in and train them.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 Susie, unfortunately I will be unable to attend these classes due to a scheduling conflict with my new position.  However, If you could let me know when the next class is it would be greatly appreciated.  Thank you! 
 i will give you a call around 6 
 That sounds good to me.  Would it be to late for you to go to the 9 o clock movie.  I have some errands to run this evening in your area so, i could just cruise over to your house around 7:00 or so and we could grab a bite to eat and then hit a movie.  Until i get up to speed I will be working three nights on (6pm-6am) then two days off then three nights on.  I think my third or fourth week I will start working some days and work a little less.  Like three nights followed by  three days iff  followed by three days on.  I will have a schedule in advance for a month.  It looks like I should get two weekends off a month and then several weekdays off.  It is kind of messed up but it is such an awesome opportunity and i am really excited. 
 Would you wanna go see a movie or have a few beers or something? I have to stay out late tonight so I can get used to the new nighttime schedule and if I just sit at home i will fall asleep.  I am going to try and stay up really late and then sleep really late tommorow morning to prepare. 
 Hey what are you doing tonight? 
 Hey I just wanted to thank you for taking me to the airport on Friday.  I owe you a couple beers.  How was your weekend? 
 No but I am getting the opportunity to trade by taking this position.  It is an awesome position in that I will learn virtually every aspect of this business and get and trade daily energy.  It is definetly a step up from my current position. 
 I have a problem,  I just accepted a new position at my work.  The hours are really fucked up and are kind of like fireman hours where I have to work some night shifts and weekends but get several days of in a row afterward.  I won't find out my schedule for the month until next week so there is a possibility that I may not be able to go if i am scheduled to work that weekend.  I realize I will get some shit for this but at least I am not using the OPERA EXCUSE.  I will let you guys know as soon as I get my new schedule but, if I am off on that weekend i am definetly in. Memo to Jones:  You HAVE to come up with some better excuses if you don't want to get hazed.  The Opera!  REALLY GUY?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!?!?!? 
 Hey, sorry I didn't write you back sooner however I had a six day break. Anyway,  ST Pattys day was a blast, Dahl and Pat and I started drinking around 10am and by the time the night was over we had been to 10 different bars, (got kicked out of two)  met up with a ton of people and had an overall blast.  I was so hating it the next day.   My sister was up from LA this weekend.  We had a really good time.  Went to Touche and the Gypsy on Thursday, went to the Blazer game and then Scooters.  On Saturday night we went to the Kennedy School, and on Sunday we went to Multnomah Falls and took her to Beaches for lunch.  She had a really good time and it was nice to have her up for the weekend.  Anyway, how is everything with you? 
 Hey kiddo.  I didn't get in until last night.  My weekend went allright. Most of it was filled with family stuff.  Saturday night I just hung out with my dad and watched the beavs game on tv.  I did go out to Hollywood with some friends on Sunday night however. It was a friend of mines birthday so we went over to his house and then to this club in Hollywood.  It  was  a good time however, pretty mellow.  I went with my friends Chrissy and Allison and they both had to work on Monday so we left at around midnight.  It was okay with me however, as I really wasnt that into partying anyway. Oh yeah, I got that job.  I think I start tommorow night which means I will be working this weekend which really sucks as there is a beavs game, but I am really looking forward to this new position.  How did your weekend go?  Any exciting stories? 
 John, I am going to be in Los Angeles on Monday and Tuesday to attend to a family matter.  If you make a decision on the position during that time please feel free to give me a call on my cell 702-0463 
 I am leaving now.  I will see you at my house at 12. Thank you so much! 
 Hey dude,  thought you would enjoy this picture.  Go Beavs! 
 You are a superstar! 
 hey can you pick me up at my house instead of work.  I would rather not leave my car at work all weekend. 
 Well, have a great weekend and I will give you a call when I get back! 
 Sounds like a blast.  My work thing was fun.  I broke my sobreity and got really drunk, went home and passed out at 8pm.  I was totally loaded.  It was very fun though. My interviews went awesome yesterday.  I think I will get that job.   So what do you have planned for the weekend?  Anything exciting? 
 So how was your little "Friends" party last night?  Did you guys have punch and cookies? 
 the problem is that I need to go at noon. 
 I am in.  Do we have a volleyball game that night?  If so what time? 
 I would like to thank all of you for the opportunity to discuss the Real Time position with me today.  I am very excited about the opportuniy and I am looking forward to becoming a valuable asset to Real Time and Enron as a whole. I am confident the position would be an excellent fit.   If you have any further questions please feel free to contact me.  I am looking forward to your positive response.  Thanks again  Mark A Guzman 
 I am going to be in LA until Tuesday night so unfortunately i will be unable to attend. 
 Sorry that i didn't respond I was in interviews for the past several hours. I am super busy right now but i will give you a call when I get back and we can hang out.  Have a great weekend!  Don't get in to much trouble 
 So, I gave those keys to Kim and told her your story.  She was very greatful.  Thanks for the idea. I probably would have bungeled a story that I made up. 
 Yeah, I can help you out as long as it is not to late in the evening.  Let me know what your schedule is.  Do we need to use my car or do you have a truck? 
 my week six pick is cincinatti bengals.  Thanks 
 FYI.  I will be out of the office on Monday October 9th. I can be reached on my cell phone if neccesary.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 Sorry Heather, I will be unable to attend.  I am bummed as I really wanted to go however, I will be in LA this weekend.  Are you going to Paddy's tommorow night? 
 Nicely done Kim!  Remind me to buy you a beer for that one on Mike! 
 Well, I don't really know what to tell you.  I don't know Dave and all I really know is what you have told me which is that he has a bad temper and appears to have an alcohol problem.  I am sure he must be a good guy if you have been dating him this long though. Speaking of alcohol I have kind of come to a realization recently that I need to cut down on my own drinking. That is part of the reason i didn't drink this weekend. I am not going to stop going out for a few beers but, I am just tired of how I feel the next day and just laying around and shit.  And the thing with my dad has really scared me into being more  healthy.  Although it doesn't seem to really show to much i have been going to the gym 5-6 days a week and I just don't want to be my Dads age and be looking at the kind of health problems that he is havning right now.  I think for you the best thing to do right now is to figure out whether you think you have a big enough future with Dave to go through with trying to help him with the problem. If you think you do and the drinking thing is an issue to you then you need to bring it up again when he is sober but  if you don't think so then maybe you should consider walking away.   Good luck and if you need someone to talk to or advice you can always count on me. 
 Thats cool dude.  Sorry we missed you too.  We had a fun time on Saturday night.  Friday i took my sister to the blazer game.  She had a really good time.  Anyway, I have a 200 level seat behind the basket for game three of the playoffs do you want to go?  It is a $76 ticket.  I may be able to get game 4 (if neccesary) also if you are interested.  Let me know. It should be either the 25th or 26th. 
 Is his drinking problem that bad or are his friends over reacting?  Not to pile on or anything but yeah that was a bad idea bringing it up when he was drinking. 
 Well, sorry to hear your weekend sucked so bad.  Mine was pretty awesome.  I was actually very sick but ended up going out and doing stuff anyway since Burns was in town I just didn't drink.  On Friday night a bunch of us met up with Burns at Silver Dollar Pizza.  We hung out there for a while and then went to the Gypsy.  I came home rather early since I wasn't drinking and didn't want to stay in the smokey Gypsy when i was sick.  Then on Saturday Valarie, Boyd and I drove down to the Beavers game. We had the best time.  We went to the peacock first and the  tailgated before the game.  Burnsy, Sul, Shef, Chris and Jimmy were so retarded by gametime.  I felt like a big babysitter being the only sober one.  The game was awesome and everyone but me valarie and boyd stayed down in Corvallis.  Sunday I was still feeling sick but went to breakfast and shopping with Cheryl and then we justed vegged at her house, watched some football, then went to the movies.  For being sick and not touching a drop of alcohol all weekend I remarkebly had a great time.  I still don't feel very well and had to go to the doctor yesterday becuase I started having some bad asthma.  T  Everything else is going okay I guess.  I have my final interview for that position I want on Thursday and then on Friday I leave for LA .  So anyway, hope your week is going a little better than your weekend went. Doesn't sound like you had much fun.  Were you and Dave in a fight because he flaked on you or was it something else? 
 Hey.  Just thought I would drop you a line and see how your weekend was? 
 Carla, this doesn't make much sense to me that we would both randomly add a sunday to block forward deals.  I looked both of them up and it appears that they were both index forward transactions and both were entered on the smae day.  Therefore it would appear that there may have been a problem with the masks? 
 This week I am picking San Diego to lose to the Rams. 
 uh.. how do I get a hold of you these days? 
 It is jfbosu@yahoo.com  What are you doing this weekend.  Are you going to the U of O vs UW game? That should be a really good game.  Did I tell you I saw Carter last weekend? 
 Do you want me to have him call you even if I don't go out with them? 
 I don't even know Dave so I wouldn't judge him.  I just worry about you being with someone that has a bad temper like that.  You know eventually that temper might be aimed at you.  I know you can take care of yourself and I am sure he is a great guy and wouldn't do anything to hurt you but that doesn't mean I can't worry about ya.  :)   So I didn't go anywhere last night.  I am feeling pretty sick and Burnsy's flight got cancelled so he didn't get in until about 12 last night.  I haven't talked to him yet today and last time I talked to him i told him I had plans tonight which have been changed.  I would like to go out with him but I don't really feel like drinking and I am really trying to cut back on it.  This thing with my dad has really scared me about drinking and bieng more healthy.  I am not pretending that I am going to stop drinking I just think it would be a great idea for me to cut back on it.  There is no need for me to get as drunk as I did last weekend.  Boy is that a great story! If I do go out with Burns tonight should I call you? 
 Probably not, my sister is in town. 
 didnt you get this email? 
 what are you talking about? 
 Actually that doesnt sound very funny to me.  I mean what the fuck did he do that for? What was he so mad about? I can imagine that you would be scared seeing him act like that.  Hopefully he doesn't ever act like that or show that kind of temper around you.  Anyway its really none of my business i guess.  I appreciate the sentiment about my family and I will mention it to my mother.  I hope you feel better. 
 OH MY GOD!  I WAS WITH SOME GIRL!?!?!???! WHAT A DICK I AM TO GET OVER YOU SO FAST!" That is pretty funny.   You know what is funny about that is that I was pretty sure she would call and tell you that.  What a dork! You know what, I am starting to get sick too and it sucks because Burnsy is coming into town this weekend.   Anyway hopefully I will get better. Well, my good streak came to an end after a whopping one week when I found out that my grandma is in a comma and will only live another day or two and my dad is in the hospital again with a blod clot in his heart and will be there a week and maybe longer..  It is really hard to be sitting up here and not be with my family right now but I think and hope they understand. And I will be going down there next weekend to visit and apparently for my grandmothers funeral.  My mom is not doing well at all and I really wish I could be there for her.  She doesn't deal with loss very well. On a positive note it looks like i will probably start trading real time energy in the next few weeks. I am moving to that department and I am sooooo excited about it.  The only thing that sucks is that it is a lot like fire fighter hours in that you have to work night shifts.  It works three days on then three days off, three nights on three days off and then once a month you get six days in a row off.  So in a month you get a ton more days off but, you have to work some nights and some weekends which sucks.  That part will be sweet but I am not too excited about working the 6pm to 6am shift.  But it also entails a raise of $4500 due to the hours so all in all it should be a positive move.  Anyway how is everything with you? 
 I am probably not going to make it.  A) I am feeling sick.  B) Burns is in town and if I am feeling better I wanted to hang out with him. 
 Im bored 
 I am not sure yet. I will email you tommorow morning and let you know. 
 Sounds good man.  Call me Saturday in the morning on my cell.  702-0463 
 Whats your plan man.  I know a few of us are going down early and drinking some beers at the peacock 
 Yeah 
 Damn!  And to think I wont be getting all those visits from Virgina all the time now! 
 John, I wanted to thank you for taking the time to discuss with me the opportunity available in the Real Time Group.  Based on our discussion and after further consideration I feel that it would be an excellent fit for both the Real Time Group and myself. With my prior and current work experience and knowledge of the enpower system,    I am confident that I will be a valuable asset to your team.  I look forward to the opportunity and eagerly await your positive response.  Please feel free to contact me with any questions or concerns you may have.  Once again thank you for the opportunity. 
 Just a quick note to thank all of you for allowing me the opportunity to interview for the Market Research  position in the Middle Marketing Group. After interviewing for the position I still remain very interested in the possibility of becoming a valuable asset to your team.   Once again thank you for the opportunity. 
 Check out the attatchments at the bottom of this. 
 Thanks,  me and three guys in trading were laughing so hard that we were nearly crying. 
 Thanks that was awfully sweet of you. 
 I am like totally over being wierd about you talking about Dave and have been for a while but, I think I know what you mean 
 Well, I hope it works out for you! 
 What happened? 
 Well, honestly I was expecting some kind of smart ass comment!  :)   How is everything going with you.  Are Dave and you still good? 
 Bill, if you have not filled the slots for this course I would really love to attend it.  Let me know 
 Well actually no but I have been hanging out a lot with someone that I really really like a lot.  And well, I haven't neccisarily been going without just not in the past few weeks. 
 Just little things like I should be resolving my job situation by the end of next week and some other little stuff that has made me happy and a little more confident about stuff.  Nothing too major. After how things went the last few months it doesn't take much! 
 Mine doesnt suck either.  I have actually had some good stuff happen to me lately! 
 Yeah yeah yeah.  My life sucks too! 
 Thanks for the movie advice.  I am glad that you went out with Kathy and Charlene.  I think it is good for you guys to keep in touch.  I know people move on with their lives and grow out of touch but it seems like you guys have been friends for so long that it would be a shame for you to not keep in touch with each other.  Sorry we got in a fight yesterday. :( 
 I will make sure these are input today.  Thanks for your assistance with this matter. 
 yep already been changed.  Thanks 
 Hartman.  It is possible that I may not be able to make the game tonight.  I am probably going to have to work late to help out on a project.  I will let you know if I can make it but at this point I would assume that I won't be there tonight.  sorry man. 
 I so do not want to be here today that i can hardly contain myself.  I think I am going to surf the internet for business opportunities in the Carribean. I saw one of those damn Corona commercials on the big screen.  Oh to be sitting  on the beach and sipping Coronas right now! HELP! 
 Yeah she is a freak. She totally acted like I was her best friend or something!  give me a break if I wasn't with someone I would have totally went off on her.  I actually didn't watch the game as i was at the OSU game. We went to the peacock and drank some beers with Carter (who owns it now)  We partied most of the morning and then went to the game.  Then a bunch of us went down to Eugene and partied and i stayed the night at Wilson and Cindys. Deidre and Stephan were there too.  It was really fun.  Sunday sucked cause i was really hung over and had to be up to portland by noon to play golf with kim but a few beers on the course and I felt great.  Speaking of you picking up on chicks Amanda told me a pretty interesting story last week of you trying to pick up on her a couple of times.  So lets see, do I have any friends (male or female) that you didn't try to pick up on while we were dating! :)    Frankly I was very  embarassed when she told me. VERY NICE Katie!   Good thing Dave is a good sport.  I did see the articles about capital consultants.  Grayson  is lucky he isn't wearing a set of cement sneakers on the bottom of the Willamete for screwing around with union money like that!  That is too bad you dont hang out with your friends anymore.  How come you havent kept in touch?  Why dont you call them. 
 do you need me to bring anything? 
 Grace, thanks for the invite and i would love to come however, I am going to be in LA to visit my family 
 So, I saw Kristen last night.  I was on my way to dinner with my friend Kim and Kristen was sitting outside at the 21st ave Bar and Grill.  She acted like I was her long lost friend and then proceeded to ask about the night in Long Beach.  She said hey, I have no hard feelings over what happended to which I didn't respond and then she said "what happened that night?"  "All i really remember was Katie throwing a chair at me"  I said " I don't want to talk about it Kristen"  and we walked off.  My friend Kim thought I was being very rude.   She asked me why I was so rude to someone that appeared to be so nice.  So I had to tell the whole story over dinner.  I was once again completely shocked.  All I could do was laugh. 
 Jubran, I need to know what dates these deals were done. Your spreadsheet does not say and scheduling wants to know what date to backdate it to.  They have also said that they would like to see the deal ticket as I had asked before however, am I correct in assuming that since these deals had to do with the purchase of PG&E  that you might not have a deal ticket on your end?  I already had the spreadsheet, however, they were asking for additional information and since Diana was out I got kind of thrown in the middle of this one.  Thank you for your help.  Have a great weekend. 
 You are correct and it has been changed. Thank you. 
 Call Bob Badeer at 503-464-3926 and he can assist you.  Thank you and have a great weekend! 
 yeah let me get back to you on where we will meet. 
 I was planning on going down relatively early on Saturday morning with Sul and Sheffler.  I would like to leave around 9:00 and go down and have breakfast and a few beers at the peacock as a good friend of mine owns it now and I would like to see him and what he has done to the place.  You are more than welcome to come with us if you like. 
 Yeah I will play.  Who else is playing? 
 I am totally down whenever you need people just let me know.  I don't know where the fuck that is though. 
 I would be interested depneding on day and time.  Whats the dealio? 
 My week four pick is cincinatti 
 Thanks for the pic.  Looks like the waves were good.  Check out this site. Go into the live cams and you can see surf spots all over the world in Real time.  When i miss home I click on the Huntinton Beach live cam.  Have a great day! http://www.swell.com/sw/surflinehome 
 Deal has been corrected to reflect CAISO energy 
 We have not heard back from Carla about her jury duty and whether it will continue through tommorow.  Therefore could you inform your group to continue sending the deal correction e mails to me until further notice.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 I have been asked by risk management to figure out if these deals have been input.  Could you please send me the deal tickets on the following sleeves and make sure they show the date of the transaction: EES Deal tracker #'s  4691   and 4709 Please fax to 503-464-3740. Thanks for your help 
 This is input and the transaction number is 418413  Sean forgot to put the broker in 
 This is a good deal based on what I have discussed with the trader and based on the EES ticket so I will go ahead and input and then backdate the transaction 
 You are correct it is being changed m-s on peak 
 here you go 
 Thank you. 
 deal has been changed 
 sounds good.  Have a great weekend.  GO BRUINS! 
 You wernt to rowdy at all.  In fact i like rowdy people anyway.   As far as my St paddys it was pretty sweet however, I was totally out of control.  some friends of mine came in from Seattle and we started partying at 10am and stayed out until 3am.  Anyway gotta run I am super busy 
 Yeah we will have to do it again.  You have a great weekend too! 
 trader wrote deal down wrong in log.  delivery point is mid c I will change in a few minutes. 
 I just checke dwith the broker and the trader and the trade date on this deal should be the 19th as input in enpower 
 I am doing pretty good.  I have been really busy lately.  And the work situation should be resolved sometime next week as I am interviewing for two other internal positions on the trading desk.  Family is okay I guess. Dad is not doing well at all and was almost checked into the hospital yesterday. Angela is really really worried about him and we talk just about everyday.  I am in the process of getting the documents for power of attorney in case anything happens to him and he is incapacitated or something.  I had a very interesting weekend last weekend.  Just a whole bunch of crazy shit happened.  It was all fun stuff though.  How about you? 
 according to mike this is a q1-01 deal I will double check with the broker and get back to you 
 Okay, did you email Katie and tell her we hung out last night because remarkably she emailed me this morning asking me how I was doing and how my family is.  It just seemed to coincidental.  I dont care if you did I was just curious. 
 Its no big deal.  I just had really bad asthma when I went down to wilsons house and he had that dog and ended up sleeping in my car which kind of sucked.  If they are going to be outside or in the garage I may still come down Friday night or just come down Saturday and stay the night saturday night down there with you guys.  I will let you all know tonight 
 Okay, I will probably just go down on Saturday then since I am allergic to the dogs and I have to be back early Sunday for a golf game. 
 hey Char,  Just wanted to write and let you know that i had a great time hanging out with you last night.  I hope you know that I have always considered you one of MY friends too and I was very stoked that you seem to feel the same way.  Anyway have a great weekend and make sure to keep in touch.  And anytime you are game to grab a beer or you are hanging out in my part of town please give me a call.  Keep in touch sweetie! 
 Are you guys going to the Beaver game this weekend and if so Wilson had mentioned that you guys were going down to his house on friday night.  Is this correct?  If so I would love to head down there with you guys on Friday but if not I will probably just stay in Portland and go to Corvallis on Saturday morning.  Let me know. 
 You weren't totally out of control or anything.  Just having a good time!  I am usually the out of control one so I tend to give people a bit more slack because I don't want to get hassled to bad at a later date.  How was your St Pattys Day? 
 yeah I found out later in the week that you guys were gone.  Sounds like you had a great time!   I love Italy.  that place is so awesome.  I was over there about the same time of year in 93 and it was great because there was less tourists and it was a little cheaper but the weather was still pretty good.  You will have to tell me about it next time I see you.  So I am going down to the Beaver game on Saturday but i might go down to Eugene and hang out with Wilson tommorow night.  I will probably decide tonight but if I don't I would be into grabbing a few beers with you tommorow night after work. 
 Oh and the deal number for the second Mike S aquilla deal is 418401 
 Okay: 1. Mike Swerzbin buys Oct Cob from avista 75MW @ 117 .  deal number 415935 deal date was 9/19 2. Tom A buy 25MW 9/21 PV @ 185.  Broker was not input on this transaction deal number is 416664 3.Mike S sell Meico 50 MW q1-01 mid c (not q4-00) at $65.  Deal number is 418484 Thank you. 
 Apparently he did.  I will input the second deal now. 
 503-464-3740 
 These deals have been changed to CAISO 
 Kimberly Mike believes this is a good deal however could we see the documentation that EES has to confirm this transaction. 
 I dont know. We could go out in Northwest over by my house.  There are a ton of places over there like the Green Room, The Gypsy, Brazen Bean, 21st Ave Bar and Grill.  I don't realy know any places over by your house.  For me sometime around 8:00 would be good but really I am pretty easy as to where. Why don't you call me around 6pm on my cell at 702-0463 or at home 228-7767 and we can figure it out. Unless you had any ideas? 
 Dude I totally want to go however, I have tentatively made plans with my friend Charlene.  I am supposed to call her tonight so I will let you know but if we aren't doing anything I definetly want to go. 
 so whats the dealio?  Wednesday or no? 
 It is 7 bucks, I am going around 6pm and I think they are playing in the tent area. 
 Deal has been changed to reflect this.  Thank you 
 These deals are good Deal numbers 415218 for pget and 415219 for AEP  Thanks! 
 Richter transaction is input.  Deal number is 415211  Motley transactions are input.  Deal numbers are 415194 and 495195  Swerzbin transaction  should be buy October cob 25MW @ 122 input deal number 415212 and Sell October Mid-C 25 MW at 121.25 deal number 415213  Thank you for your attention to these matters. 
 Bob Badeer is the trader on this transaction and he is in a meeting, should be out shortly to enter in system.  He did not log out of his blotter prior to leaving and it appears he has several trades un-input. 
 Evelyn and Kim  Carla Hoffman is out of the office today.  If you could please let your group know to send all deal correction emails to me today it would be greatly appreciated.  Thank you for attention to this matter. 
 The deal 411762 has been changed. Thank you 
 The index forward is supposed to show no price so that is correct however the swap should be chaqnged to 25MW at $130 
 Uh...... That is REALLY FREAKING ME OUT now Forney! 
 Uh I fucked up and sent this to myself instead of you. 
 Yeah dude I bet you got a lot of operational management and statistical business analysis as well as spreadsheet work with that Poli Sci degree.  At least the group projects will enable you to meet some people.  Are you still thinking about getting a job tending bar or something or do you think you won't have enough time?  good to hear you are coming up in a few weeks.  I would definetly like to go out with you guys on Thursday night. That Friday night i already have plans but maybe we can go play some golf on Friday afternoon.  I played in a tournament with some people at work out at the Reserve last week.  Boy is that a great course.  Our tee time was at 7:30 and we had all been out partying until 2am the night before.  So needless to say we weren't feeling so great come tee time. However the beers were free for the tournament and come about 7:45 we were drinking again and feeling a little better.  We all played really well and got fourth plance out of 42 teams.  We won these sweater vests, a sand wedge, and a Nike bag.  There was a free bar-b-que afterward with more free beer.  So by about 2pm we were all totally schmatered.  It was a good time and I was playing with the guy that i want to work for in Real Time Trading.  He and I are going to lunch next week to discuss but he mentioned to me during golf that he wants me to work for him which would be a great opportunity so things are going a little better at work.  Anwyay let me know what your plans are for the week you come.  I will catch you later man. 
 got it thanks.  Hey I am going to paddys afterwork with some people.  Linda hornbuckle is playing there in the tent area.  Are you game? 
 My pick for week three is San Fransisco 
 What up foolio?  Just thought I would drop you a line and see how things are going in the city by the bay.  Got your address from Sul at Monday nights softball game.  Which we won.  We haven't lost in this section of the fall league and are playing really good ball.  Maybe it is our upgrade at first base.  So I am still not sure if I will be able to come down for the Cal game or not. Right now I am kind of broke from all the flights to LA.  I went and had a few beers with Cheryl last night.  She called me up about 8:00 and I was bored so I decided to go with her.  She got so fucking ass faced.  Man that chick is a train wreck sometimes.  So how is school?  What kind of classes are you taking right now?   You aren't going to convert into being a Giants fan while you are down there are you?  Anyway drop me a line when you get a chance and let me know how everything is going.  Oh by the way:  Beavs update "  We Suck!" 
 Hello,  I am a coworker of Jeff Richters and i entered the pool last week. Please add my pick of Kansas City to the list for the week.  Thank you. 
 no 
 I never got the second set could you send it again. 
 Drink beer!  Down here 
 Hey what are you doing after work? 
 I will be down there earlier than that so just give me a call on my cell when you are coming down.  You might spend a lot of time in line if you go down that late dude. 
 Thank you for your sarcasm in this matter. 
 Hey I only got one of my pages.  i had two 
 You da man! 
 Hey could you do me a favor and fax me my brackets.  i dont really remember all of my picks.  my fax number is 503-464-3740.  email me when you send it. Thanks dude. 
 sounds good.  Do you have my cell phone number? 
 Rick, what are you doing for tommorow.  I would love to go out early before it gets to crowded and then maybe go somewhere a little more mellow later in the afternoon/evening.  Also, are you guys doing anything this evening? Let me know. 
 Arizona over Michigan State, and Stanford Over duke 
 Becky at APS turned down a tag for me last night for HE 4MST that we have been using for several weeks without a problem.  The tag number is 18594. Tis was a sale from EPE to PNM at 4C.  She turned it down saying that EPE is not a control area at 4C and that PNM should be in the CA for the first line.  I argued with her about it for quite a while but she insisted that it was wrong.  Could you please take a look at this and tell me if she is wrong. Thank you. 
 Sounds good man, I talked to Wilson a few hours ago and he is going to try and come up too.  Check ya later. 
 right on,  I work during the day on Friday.  Is Dahl going with you to the rehersal dinner and all that?  If not I am sure i will be grabbing some brews with people after work on friday and you guys are more than welcome to come. Either way lets hang out aftter you are done with all your stuff.  Give me a call on my cell or I will get a hold of you. 
 Bill, FYI.  You have both David Porter and me working on that day shift. Either we need to let the night shift know that they need to come in an hour and a half early, put someone else on that day shift, or change the itenerary.  Let me know when you have this resolved.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 Hey kiddo, I just got this mail from you  and apparently never recieved the original.  I assume you are having a party.  When?  How have you been? Congratulations on the new house by the way!  Anyway, let me know when you party is and i will try to be there.  Take care! 
 I dont have an AMEX card 
 Portland actually becomes a happening town for one day a year and that day is St Patricks Day.  There are several pretty cool places that we can go downtown that will be having pretty decent sized parties.   What is your schedule for the weekend?  I have Thursday off, work Friday, Have Saturday off and work Sunday, howe-ver, I think I have someone to work for me on Sunday.  Anyway, let me know your plans, here is my phone number in case Dahl doesn't have it.  Home  503-228-7767   Cell 503-702-0463.  Lets grab some green beers! 
 Chris I have thursday off so give me a call and I will go with you  home: 228-7767, cell 702-0463.  I will also be able to give you the cashish 
 Bill, over the past few weeks we have had quite a few occasions that El Paso has had problems checking out with other control areas due to them providing transmission for other counter parties.  Last night and on several other nights the generation guys at El Paso have been netting out generation schedules with transmission schedules.  On several occasions,including last night,  myself or other members of team have identified this problem for them and have told them not too net the schedules.  However, last night, and on other nights,  for several hours we were 15MW off because they netted a schedule.  Bert, I and other group members have tried to assist them with this issue however, it is becoming a consistent problem and i feel that someone may want to mention it to Roger, Steve, or Tony.   I have tried to address this with generation myself on several occassions however, the problem has become reoccuring.n  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 I am pretty busy this week.  I will email you some time next week or something when I have time. 
 Per our conversation here are the deal numbers that I have used for the cuts HE 5 and HE 6 PST on 3/5/01  APS Deal    ( HE 5= 47 MW;  HE 6 =17MW) 537378, 536506. 537386, 502200, 537458  Constellation Deal (HE 5=47 MW:    HE 6=17 MW)  451977, 296959 ,536684, 537492, 537490, 537488  If you have any further question please feel free to contact me.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 FYI.  Bill has made a new schedule for the month of March.  Please take a look. 
 Hey, since I hear you are doing the schedule now after all could you please remember to have me not working March 31st thru the 3rd.  Also since the schedule is totally going to change, if i work the 30th of March could you put me on the day shift instead of night.  I had negotiated some changes so that would work however, since it is going to change anyway please put me on a day shift if possible as I already bought a ticket to leave on the evening of the 30th.  Thanks. 
 I am on cell phone number 503-702-0463. 
 At approximately 6:30 pm on 4/25 Ruth Ashe with PGE notified Enron that there will be a voice mail outage starting the evening of 4/25 and running thru 2pm on 4/26.  If you have any questions or concerns please contact her at 503-464-8663 or 503-323-1254.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 Jesse, or Bill. The El Paso model was completely messed up for the entire day when I came in this evening.  I had to change several areas on the second page due to formula errors in mapping the deals over.  I am pretty sure it is correct now however, I would appreciate it if you could double check it for me.  I haven't sent it to El Paso yet as I had to change so many things I wanted a "second set of eyes"  Thanks man.  If maybe you guys could send out an email regarding mapping deals over correctly it would be greatly appreciated as it seems that there are errors on a daily basis 
 Jesse, per my email to Bill last week I need to take March 31st thru April 3 off to take care of some family business down in LA.  I have already purchased my ticket leaving on the evening of the 30th so, if you are planning on scheduling me for the 30th please make it a day shift.  Thanks a lot. 
 Click on the tab for the 28th 
 Bill,  I have some family business that I need to attend to in April.  I therefore need, March 31st thru April 3rd off from work.  It is only four days so I assume it will not be a problem.  I already have March 31st off so if you could just make sure that I have April 1st  thru 3rd off also it would be greatly appreciated.  I am going to book my ticket tommorow evening to take advantage of a good fare so please let me know if there is a problem by then.  Thanks. 
 Hey Dave,  that sounds good to me.  I will see what days I have off of work and get back to you tommorow night but I was planning on coming down for it all along.  Like i said i well let you know tommorow. Hope all is well. 
 Hey chica que pasa?  I am bored and its 2 in the freaking morning and I am sick and this really sucks.  Anyway this wasn't a mail to complain.   I wanted to know if you were still having your party on Saturday,  if I was still invited, if I could bring anything, and how to get to your house.  Well hope your day goes well.  One more night shift to go and then 5 days off for me! 
 Whats up dude?  Sorry I didnt respond to your previous email, I was really busy at work that day and didnt have the time to mail you back.  I am doing okay,  the job is going really good.  Whats up with you.  Things must not be going too well if you have to live with that asshole McGraw huh?  Tell him I said that too.  Anyway, lets grab a beer sometime in the near future.  Do you have a job or a you just lounging around the house all day spanking your monkey? 
 I just came in for a little bit to get my bonus check and to check my email and a couple of other things.  I do have your goggles however i don't thin that i have your ski pants.  You asked me about this last spring but, I couldn't find the pants then either. 
 Not much here I have to work Saturday and Sunday dayshifts, which kind of sucks however, I am usually ok to go out until like 10-11 on nights like that as Saturdays are not too busy.  Is Bailey 3 now? 
 Just bored and writting to say hi.  What do you have going on this weekend? 
 I think the only one I won't be able to make will be the one on the 15th.  I work a night shift that night. 
 I don't think threats of violence are appropriate in the workplace. I am considering filing a complaint. 
 I don't know.  If you are talking about your TV, I won't have a chance to take care of that until next week.  If you are talking about hanging out then I have plans with my friend Kate tonight but none for the weekend 
 Not the you part the Christa part. 
 I have that affect on women 
 Yo whats up with you being so talkative toward me last night? 
 That appears to be so! 
 Didn't your mother teach you that it was rude to not answer someones questions? 
 Personally I don't mind being grabbed unsuspectingly however, I will keep that in mind next time 
 Wanna grab a beer after work? 
 I am totally joking dude!  I appreciate your advice. The major thing is that if I am spending most of my free time down there anyway, I might as well just move there 
 Yes we are 
 I don't even want to go close to what that dream is supposed to me.  You looked pretty good in it though! :)  Anyway whats the story one minute you tell me its a good idea for me to move the next you say I should stay!  Good thing I don't listen to your advice. 
 I forgot to tell you this.  I had a dream a few weeks ago that you called me and said you and Dave were getting married.  Anyway, I was congratulating you and you said that to raise money for the wedding you were going to strip for a couple months and that I should bring my friends down so you would make some extra cash.  So I did and went down there to help you out but got so wierded out by the whole thing that I left.  I don't know why i just remembered that but I thought you would think it was funny. 
 So what the hell is Kims problem.  You have been telling her for months that you were going to move out.  What a bitch.  Regarding the Nicole thing it really isn't that big of a deal anyway.  When I am down there we go out but it's not like we are together or anything.  I wouldn't let them hassle me affect whether I would date her or not but sometimes I just get a little sick of hearing about it all the time.  Nicole is awesome and I like dating her while I am down there.  It is just a wierd situation.   About the moving to LA thing it really is a job issue at this point.  It will be hard to find a job as good as the one that I currently have and that is going to be the real issue. 
 Angela was pissed at a lot of things.  She was mad that we didn't invite her because it was guys weekend but then we ended up hanging out with Jessica and her friends.  The stupid thing was that she yelled at me!   She was really mad that I was hanging out with this Alisha girl most of the weekend.  I dont get it.  I got soo mad at her.  I went off 