 Should we try Akin Gump?  What is your recommendation off the list?  Mark 
 Thanks, I will have my assistant call to set a date and time.  Mark 
 John:  Should we get you, Scott and me (and Teresa Bushman) together to flesh out the deal further for the term sheet?  Teresa and I have worked on a term sheet but it is pretty bare bones so far?  Mark 
 Louise:  I talked to Jim and we have worked through a revised strategy as we talked about yesterday.  So no call from Jim.  Mark 
 Dear John:  I am proud of MSU and would like to help.  I will ask my assistant to set up a time for us to talk through your questions over the next week.  Regards,  Mark Haedicke 
 I would love to, but I cannot.  Thanks for the offer.  You should be getting a call today from one of our lawyers re a potential deal.  Take care.  Mark 
 I am doing well!  I look forward to catching up.  I do plan to play golf so it would be great to play together.  Regards,  Mark 
 Very impressive.  Mark 
 Thanks for the offer, but otherwise occupied.  Regards,  Mark 
 John:  There is a conflict of interest in Thompson having all the info and selling to a group formed by him and other employees.  We need to talk this through.  Maybe, he should take a leave of absence.  Should Jesus negotiate the deal for ENA?  Selling to employees is sensitive now.  Mark 
 Jim:  I want to put Aronowitz for ENA as well as EGM.  He will get an assist from Sager but he will lead.  Mark 
 Who rejected your plan?  The view I heard is that the proposal was too rich.  Are you looking for a counterproposal?  Mark 
 Jim:  The last sentence was changed to "we expect you to perform".   Mark 
 Thanks for the offer.  I cannot use them either.  Mark 
 I don't know of any now.  Mark 
 It can wait his return.  Please ask him if he is available to speak on Dec 4 at the conference.  Mark 
 morale, deal flow, how the open plan is working 
 There are some more developments re Bob that we should talk about.  Mark 
 Mark, Justin, Paul: Do you have any comments on the agenda?  Let me know and I will forward them on.  Mark 
 It looks like a great program.  Mark 
 Look forward to the discussion.  Mark 
 Liz:  Greg is scheduled to speak on Friday, October 12 at 8:30 am for 30-45 minutes.  No slides are necessary.  The lawyers will be interested in where Greg sees the growth in the company and where the business is strong.  There will be Q&A and I think he will get some good questions.  Some possible questions:  What does Greg expect from the legal department?  How will the attacks impact on our business?  What will be his focus in his new job?  It should be a very friendly crowd -- since Greg knows most of the lawyers and they know him.  I miss you too!  Mark Haedicke 
 I am disappointed on the timing but I understand.  Thanks.  Mark 
 Thanks for inviting me.  I unfortunately will not be able to attend.  Regards,  Mark Haedicke 
 Did we talk about the cap on breakage fee? Mark Haedicke 
 Where did we come out on a cap on breakage fee? Mark Haedicke 
  Mark Haedicke 
 Thanks Derek.  Mark 
 Is there anything I need to work on tonight?  What is the schedule tonight?  Mark 
 Please handle.  Mark0  Mark Haedicke 
 We will get you a summary soon.  Mark Mark Haedicke 
 Clem:  Thanks for raising that question because it is very important that we are coordinated.  I have forwarded this question on to Jordan and I think he and I need to work together on this matter.  Perhaps the three of us should get on the telephone to resolve.  Mark 
 Coordination is a major problem at Enron.  You are asking all the right questions.  Mark 
 Sami:  Please set some time on my schedule tomorrow to talk this through.  Mark 
 I think it wii be about 7 or 8?  Dad Mark Haedicke 
 Justin, I do not think I am going to nyc.  Love Dad Mark Haedicke 
 Good luck.  I will email you later.  Dad Mark Haedicke 
 Rosalee:  Mark Taylor and I can get this done through Enron Net Works.  Thanks.   Mark Haedicke 
 I need to talk through our cash position for tomorrow at with our contingency team. I would like to do it today at 4:30 pm central time. Mark Haedicke 
 Congrats!  Thanks for your help.  Mark 
 no problem 
 I am ok so long as the firm would never pursue litigation against Enron -- on that basis I would grant the waiver.  Mark 
 Rob:  Congratulations!  We will need to talk about some additional coordination.  Let me know when is convenient for you.  Mark 
 I will call.  Thanks. M 
 Scott Tholan.  Regards, Mark 
 Not necessary.  Thanks.  Mark 
 That makes sense.  How do we notify our trading counterparties?  Mark 
 Yes.  I was very lucky to get back Saturday!  Mark 
 J:  Please add this to our spiral bound book.  Mark 
 Thanks.  Let's get together after the end of the quarter and discuss.  Mark 
 Looks good  to me.  Mark 
 I am stuck in London.  I will attend either in person or by video from our London office.  Mark Haedicke 
 I am stuck in London -- hope to get out  Sunday.  Nice to hear from you.  Mark 
 J:  Please forward this on to the Enron employees that plan events.  Shira is a family friend and I would recommend her.  Also give me a status report.  Mark 
 That sounds  positive.  Mark 
 Dave, in the Dunn Committee case, we just got a great order in our favor out of the courts.  We need to try to leverage off this order to slow down the AG.  Mark 
 Calpine in ok.  Mark 
 Thanks!  Yes, please keep me off the Section 16 list!   Mark 
 Greg:  It has been 120 days for voice mail that is not deleted.  It should be further reduced to 7 days.  Mark Haedicke 
 Thanks for the message.  Mark 
 Sounds like a great result!  Congratulations.  Mark 
 Andy:  Can you look into this while Richard is out of the office. 
 I will be attending.  Mark Haedicke 
 I have asked J to send it out.  Mark 
 J, please get this message ready to send from me to the Specialists.  Mark 
 Peter:  This is a tough battle.  It may be worse because your clients are either th= e same ones or geographically very close.  I would try to address it by poi= nting out the limitations of the simplier forms and as a fallback emphasize= the increased risk (legal and otherwise) when using the shorter forms.  Mark 
 Peter/Chris:  Have we put the updated netting language in the contract?  Would it ever come into play?  Regards,  Mark 
 Thanks Rob.  Mark 
 Mary:  The  company seems to have a bad reputation.  I don't know if Marc Rich owns any portion of it or not because it is private.  I think, the UK started some investigations re Glencore over the past couple of years.  I am not sure we want the company as part of ISDA.  I am sure others will have an opinion on that.  Mark 
 I agree.  Mark 
 Yes.  Thanks!!!    Mark 
 I want to go through a list of each counterparty we think is going to go into bankruptcy and what we are doing to prepare for that.  Thanks.  Mark 
 I am working on it.  Mark 
 Thanks for the kind words.  Mark 
 Yes.  They are fine.  Mark 
 Just do the best you can.  We will probably end up moving it to a different day.  Mark 
 Steve:  Per our conversation, I would like to talk about "Managing Legal Risks".  I think it would follow the RAC presentation.  I want to talk through the system of legal risk memos and legal risk ratings we have used on wholesale deals for two years with great success.  There is a very important risk control aspect to legal that needs to be highlighted.  Let me know if you need more information.  Regards,  Mark 
 Per our conversation yesterday, I propose we send out the following memo:  In order to better coordinate the various west coast power matters, effective immediately, Jim Steffes and Richard Sanders will jointly take the lead role.  Jim and Richard will be responsible for preparing a comphrehensive strategy for all the matters, reviewing the strategy with the California Committee and seeking approval of the California Committee before taking any material action.  Please do all you can to assist Jim and Richard on the west coast power matters.  I would copy only the people working on these matters including Steffes, Sanders, Belden, Mellencamp, Shapiro, Sharp, Williams, Tribolet, Lavorato and Delainey. 
 Thanks, I will send a copy to Alan in EGM.  Mark 
 J 
  J 
 fyi 
 Stacy:  I would like to know who on the committee is willing to spend time and resources on what issues.  I think that is critical.  Thanks.  Mark 
 put on my schedule.  Mark 
 We had a great time and got home without a hitch! Thanks!   Mark 
 John, thanks for the message.  I think, I would like to plan a trip and discuss the issues in person at GE.  Early October would work for me.  Regards,  Mark Haedicke 
 Mark and John:  The Wholesale legal conference is coming up soon.  I wanted to get a head count and the names of the attendees from each of you.  For planning purposes, I have assumed 5 lawyers from each of your groups.  Let me know.  Also, are there any European or South American topics you would suggest we cover?  So far, we have Whalley and Frevert signed up to give us a business update.  Regards,  Mark 
 Looks fine to me.  Thanks.  Mark 
 I have a few thoughts on the offsite.  I think we could have a theme of restructuring and change.  We would have to make sure it is forward looking and upbeat in that we have learned a lot that will make us better in the future.  The presentations could include the following:  1.   What we learned in CA -- Sager 2.   Preparing for workouts -- Mellencamp 3.   Lessons learned in international -- Lundstrom 4.   Deregulation of energy markets -- Kean/Shapiro 5.   Managing Legal Risks -- Haedicke 6.   Executives -- Frevert and Whalley 7.   Europe presentation 8.   Retail presentation 
 Richard is looking into whether we can tape in Houston or Portland and have a CA person on the line.  Mark 
 Lisa:  What is the quality of our contracts and do we hold any collateral?  Any particular legal issues at this point?  Will we have to get quotes?  Mark 
 Yes, so long as they are employees and not on contract.  Move them to Lance Schuler's group.  Mark 
 Let's discuss.  Mark 
 Don, we are looking into this.  I wonder how traders operate in LA.  Mark 
  FYI, Mark 
 Thanks for the message.  I would e-mail Alan Aronowitz.  Regards,  Mark 
 Sami, by copy hereof, I have asked Jeff Hodge to look into this matter.  He is at 36911.   Mark 
 Thanks Paul.  Mark 
 Thanks.  I will try!   Mark 
 I am ok as long as you and Alan are ok.  Mark 
 Travis and I will cover the suggested topics.  Mark 
 I will be on the telephone on this one because of a management meeting the same day.  Mark 
 I think it is something we watch closely as you suggest.  Mark 
 Type:Single Meeting Organizer:Haedicke, Mark E. Start Time:Friday, July 27, 2001 2:00 PM End Time:Friday, July 27, 2001 2:30 PM Time Zone:Central Time (US & Canada) Location:EB3325  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 Type:Single Meeting Organizer:Haedicke, Mark E. Start Time:Monday, July 23, 2001 2:00 PM End Time:Monday, July 23, 2001 2:30 PM Time Zone:Central Time (US & Canada) Location:EB3325  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 My accomplishments for the first six months of 2001 include the following:  1.    Developed New EES Trading Forms -- provided key legal technology and intellectual capital to rewrite EES forms to be largely consistent with the wholesale trading forms.  2.   Developed Setoff and Netting Strategy in the PG&E Bankruptcy -- led legal and credit team across all Enron entities in minimizing Enron credit and legal risks.  This required an expedited evaluation of Enron positions and coordination across Enron entities to determine the best possible approach to terminate and then value all PG&E contracts.  3.    Implemented New Document Retention Policy for Microsoft Outlook -- led the resolution of many critical document retention policy issues and implementation of a new policy across company lines in Enron.  4.    Thought Leader on Legal Risk Managment -- continued to develop legal technology for better management and reporting of legal risks across Enron.  Legal Risk Memos and legal risk ratings are two examples.  These legal risk policies have been newly applied in South America and EES to better evaluate and manage the legal risks in those businesses.  5.     Developing New Businesses -- integral part in developing new businesses in freight, paper, steel, lumber, etc. by preparing trading forms and formulating new ways to manage legal risks.  6.     Deal Machine -- projects having lots of complex issues including LV Cogen II, Pastoria, Sithe, Invasion Energy, Electrobolt and Huntco.  7.     Management -- continued to build a deal-oriented legal team that understand the underlying businesses.  8.     New Generation of Master Agreeements -- taking the lead with ISDA in developing the next generation of trading master which would be a single master for all commodities, whether physical or financial.  This would reduce the legal work by half. 
 Please join me for a baseball game.  The Astros are playing the NY Mets on Wednesday, August, 1.  The game starts at 7:05 p.m.  Please RSVP to Janette by e-mail to let her know if you will be able to attend.  (Unfortunately due to the limited number of seats available in a suite, we were not able to extend this invitation to your spouse or significant other.)  Hope to see you there! 
 Elizabeth:  Does the RTO order require a task force to draft new language?  Let me know.  Mark 
 I am fine with the agenda except that I will have E. Sager talk about the trading forms.  Mark 
 Please review MEH presentation and send comments to MEH by 5:00 p.m.  May 12, 1999 via notes mail.  Thank you,  Sylvia T. Sauseda/MEH 
 Congrats!    Mark 
 Don, thanks for the feedback.  I am supposed to meet with Mike G tomorrow and I would like to chat with you after that meeting.  Hope things are going well.  I will give you a call.  Mark 
 I would be happy to meet with her, but is unlikely we would be able to sponsor a junior lawyer.  It does not work well in our business.  Let me know if you want me to talk to her.  Mark 
 Yes, I would like to go.  Let me know the time.  Mark 
 Can you cover this? 
 Thanks Justin. 
 Ok to talk to him, I just don't want to get his expectations up.  Mark 
 Thanks. 
 Gay:  It is nice to hear from you.  I hope things are going well.   Merry Christmas!  Mark 
 Let's talk about it, but some sort of a consulting role seems appropriate.  I guess it would be less hands on than usual.    Mark 
 Thanks for the update.  Mark 
 Alison:  I think the energy panel at the AGM on March 17, 2000 in Amsterdam should discuss (i) development of energy trading on the continent, (ii) energy documentation issues and (iii) regulatory barriers to energy trading.  This is a great time to do a panel on energy trading in Europe!  I will copy Paul and Justin in London to get their ideas on both topics and panel members. Perhaps we can have a conference call next week.  Mark 
 1.  Enron Online Trading -- organized a legal team and solved enforceability and documentation issues around the world in a few short months for all the commodities traded by Enron.  2.  Developing New Businesses -- major contributions in developing and structuring coal, insurance, band-width and power plant transactions.  The groundwork has been laid to develop very profitable businesses in each of these areas.  3.  Aggressive Pursuit of Litigation Claims as a Plaintiff -- pursued Carolina Power & Light , Shell/Meridian, TVA, Ft. James and many others. Most have already settled with excellent results.  Successfully defended Wolfschlager, the last Panhandle case and Jolen.  4.  Lead Power Industry to Develop Master Power Agreement -- ENA lead the Edison Electric Institute coalition in developing  the first master power agreement.  ENA will benefit greatly in terms of dramatically lower transaction costs and greater liquidity.  5.  Reduced Legal Costs as Percentage of Earnings -- brought overall legal costs to less than 6% of EBIT in 1999, down from 8% in 1998, despite the upsurge in origination activity.  6.  Brought Finance and Corporate Legal Talent to Origination Deals -- as the origination work expanded dramatically and became much more complex, brought in more sophisticated legal talent to deals like UI and Peoples with great success.  7.  New Concept to Better Manage and Communicate Legal Risks -- developed the legal risk book concept to highlight where the largest buckets of legal risks were and where efforts should be focused. 
 Please try to schedule a call with Justin and Paul in London and  Alison at ISDA over the next week or so.  Mark 
 MIchael:  I will be over for the ISDA board meeting on January 25 and 26.  With the launch of the credit derivatives business, I think it would be a good time to do a brief Securities Law/Chinese Wall seminar relating to the credit business.  I would propose to review the rules we have instituted in NA and particular issues in the European market.  My preference on timing is in the morning on the 26th, and second, in the afternoon on the 25th.  Please give your thoughts on this.  Take care.  Mark 
 FYI, we need to talk about a presentation in the London office on Chinese walls.  Mark 
 Thanks for the comments.  I will make sure Tana gets taken care of.  Mark 
 Please put this on my calender. 
 John:  I will get on your calender in January when I am over.  It is also my understanding, for the credit trading business you are developing, that Chinese walls are not necessary.  But it will be necesary to address if equity trading starts up.  Also, there are probably related issues, like restricted lists and the like, that could apply to credit trading.  Hope you have time to enjoy the Holidays.  Take care. 
 please respond 
 Michael:  I think it is an excellent idea to keep count of the number of ISDAs we have as a way of focusing attention on our progress.  I think it may be a good idea to get a paralegal secondee from A&O or Linklaiters.  That secondee could then help with overflow work after a return to the firm.  Mark 
 Robert, have you been able to get Alan's comments?    Mark 
 I have noticed it!   Mark 
 This was the right Monday, so next Monday was the OGC anyway.  Mark 
 Let me know if there is anything else I need to do right now.  I would think we would want to set up a conference call as soon as we have identified all the panel members.  Take care.  Mark 
 Please prepare this letter for Cliff's signature.  Mark 
 I have listed a few pertinent facts about Jeff for your upcoming meeting. Let me know if you need more information.  1.   Jeff joined ENA Legal on September 1, 1993.  His title is currently Assistant General Counsel.  2.   Jeff leads a group in the legal department that focuses on physical trading.  Jeff spends most of his time on structured deals like Brooklyn Union and physical gas trading.  He also has lead the legal team on acquisition deals such as Columbia Energy Services.  He has a strong work ethic and an excellent record in closing important transactions.  3.   He has good legal judgment and is described by his clients as a knowledgeable and practical trading lawyer.  4.   Jeff has consistently ranked "excellent" in the performance review process. 
 John, I can make it on this coming Tuesday.  Mark 
 Anita:  Thanks for your note.  You made a great contribution to the Singapore office and I thank you for that.  Have a happy new year!  Mark Haedicke 
 Gareth:  Thanks for that note.  Have a happy new year!    Mark Haedicke 
 Ernest:  Happy New Year!  Is it too late to call on behalf of your wife?  I was swamped in December and never got to it.  Let me know.  Take care.  Mark 
 Ken:  This looks fine to me.  Where do we go from here?  Mark 
 Thanks for the memo.  Regards,  Mark 
 FYI 
 The name does not sound familiar to me.  Mark 
 Please give me an update so we can get this done.  Mark 
 Happy New Year!  Thanks for the message.  I will check on this asap.  Mark 
 By copy of this message, I ask Janette to help Mark out with his request. Please have Mark stop by.  Mark 
 FYI 
 I hope it comes true!  Mark 
 Calpine was going to take assignment of a contract with LCRA and backed out on the agreement.  We can talk about it more when I am in Portland on Tuesday and Wednesday.  Take care.  Mark 
 I will bring some to London as you requested.  See you soon.  Regards,  Mark 
 FYI 
 Thanks for the info!  Mark 
 Bob: I am fine with your proposed endorsement language.  It was great to see you last week!  Mark 
 OK 
 I am working on a plan to increase our bench strength in trading.  Wtih bandwidth, EOL etc., I think recruiting additional lawyers to do trading legal work is critical.  I will give you and Michael a call over the next week or so.  Take care.  Mark 
 My e-mail address is changed to mark.e.haedicke.enron.com 
 Julie, great to have you back!    Mark 
 Mary, by copy of this e-mail, I am asking Justin how big a presence National Power is in energy trading.  It seems to me National Power is more analogous to a dealer than a subscriber.  Mark 
 How big a presence is National Power in the market?  Are they analogous to a dealer?   Mark 
 Welcome!  Please stop by.  Mark 
 Let's talk about it.  Mark 
 I will be in Tokyo next week working on the start-up of energy trading in Japan for Enron.  I would like to book time on your respective schedules to meet on Wednesday afternoon.  I have some flexibility in my schedule if that does not work for you.  I will be in Tokyo on Thursday and Friday too.  Look foward to hearing from you.  Mark Haedicke 
 Having dealt wih Manfred on a number of matters I have to say I am not surprised.  Scott, please get personally involved in selecting a Punder lawyer that will take his place in meetings with customers and regulators.  I don't want to lose control of legal to John T in Germany.  Let's hire a lawyer on the ground if we need to.  Let me know.  Thanks.  Mark 
 Do we want to talk to him again?  If yes, Jeff, please give him a call.   Mark 
 Sorry, I can't make it.  Mark 
 Thanks for your note.  I think it is easiest to contact Julia Murray and Lance Schuler.  Please call me at any time.  Mark 
 Mary:  I think National Power should be more than a subscriber member.  Mark 
 Dear Terry:  Thanks for your quick reply.  Wednesday at 2 PM works for me.  I would be happy to come to IBJ's offices.  I will be joined by two others on our team. I would propose to discuss the prospects and challenges for energy trading in Japan.  Let me know if this is OK with you.   Look foward to seeing you.  Regards,  Mark 
 Richard:  Looks good with one change:  please delete the reference to honesty -- it's a little too tough.  Mark 
 Martin:  Thanks for the update.  It sounds overall like the direction will not be negative to our business in any material way.  Is that correct?  How is the weather?  Mark 
 Alan, have you looked at these opinions for Japan, Korea or Singapore?  Are they helpful?  Let me know.  Mark 
 Bill:  Let's try to get together today or tomorrow.  I will be out next week.  Also, give Lance a call and get on his schedule.  Look foward to seeing you.  Mark 
 It is my understanding that it is ok with Jim and Elizabeth if Janette attends and works at the conference.  If that is correct, I am ok with her attending.  Mark 
 KMM:  I believe MEH needs a photo for HBA Pictorial.  sts 
 Terry:  We are meeting our accounting firm for lunch so we are not available.  Thanks anyway.  The address I have for IBJ is 1-3-3 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku.  Is that the correct address of your office?  Let me know.  Regards,  Mark 
 Travis, could you please spend a few minutes on this and respond to Steve Wallace?  Thanks.  Mark 
 Joe:  I think there are several positive things to point out.  ISDA is opening an office in Japan as of April 13.  They have already hired one person and are looking for addtional people.  More importantly, Goldman moved one of its top traders worldwide, Tom Montag, from London to Tokyo and is generally beefing up the resources in Japan.  IBJ has contacted me about energy trading and asked for copies of confirms and says there is growing interest in the market place.  That's all I can think of for now.  Take care,  Mark 
 next time! 
 Paul:  Thanks so much for your help.  I think the legal team you have made available to us is very impressive.  I look foward to our success in Japan.  I have authored many articles on trading in markets around the world.  Would anyone in your shop like to work with me on energy trading  and documentation in Japan?  Mark 
 Mark:  I will be in Amsterdam for the ISDA board meeting on March 15 and 16.  I would like to get an update on the APX before leaving for Amsterdam.  For example, do we think it will be successful?  What kind of volume is trading? Also, I wanted to get your recommendation on what law firms or maybe the APX that I should visit while I am there.  Hope things are going well.  Regards,  Mark Haedicke 
 I am sorry for ISDA that Mark Harding cannot run for Chairman again.  I will give you a call.  Is Montag willing to do it? 
 Seth:  I thought last week was very productive.  I appreciated your help.  The ISDA office in Tokyo is set to open officially on April 13, 2000.   Yasuko Horibe, who is currently in the ISDA office in NYC at 212-332-1271 is planning on moving to Japan to open the office.  Give her a call and get more details. Get back to me if you don't get the info you need.  Rgards,  Mark 
 Per our conversations.  Give me a call.    Mark 
 Mark, give me a call.  Mark 
 No, but I am ok with it.  She is doing a great job.   Mark 
 Please provide your comments to me as soon as you can.  The most important thing at this point is to make sure I have the business correctly described. I am working on the letter of intent now.  We will have to decide how detailed you want the term sheet and loi.  I would think you would want it fairly general for your first few meetings until we get feedback.  Let me know.  Mark 
 There is a proposal to have a meeting of the head traders of Enron, Reliant, Sempra, Coral, Duke, Southern, Dynergy and El Paso.  The idea would be to talk about e-commerce in the energy business.  Specifically, Enron might propose standardization of our masters, start-up of a clearing house for energy trading, electronic mechanism for confirmations, opening EOL to other companies to post bids and offers, and discuss electronic protocols for transactions with other energy companies to reduce costs.  We would probably discuss the state of regulatory restrictions under the CEA.  What are the anti-trust issues for such a meeting? What are the appropriate parameters for such meeting? Should legal counsel be in attendance? Would it be best to make invitations through a formal letter? 
 Jeff, please review and let's talk about it.  Mark 
 Mark Haedicke requested I forward the attached drawing. 
 Thanks, please work with Travis as I asked to take the lead on developing the conference.  Mark 
 Thanks for the feedback.  Mark 
 I think we need coordination on all plant matters.  Mark 
 Talk to Janette and let's get a few other people.  Mark 
 Paul:  I think we should have a brief meeting of you and me and Lance Schuler to plan out a strategy and then direct Raisler.  Let me know if this sounds ok to you.   What do you think is driving the change of mind?  Regards,  Mark 
 Seth:  There is a new senior person that was just hired in Japan to be the head of the office.  You should find out that person's name and try to meet with that person in Japan as soon as you can.  I think Enron should try to steer one of the committees to focus on energy regulatory matters in a material way.  I am not sure what committtee that would be at this point.  I think you should have this conversation with the senior person and I will work on it at the board level.  Let's keep comparing notes.  Regards,  Mark 
 John, thanks for the feedback on Mark and Scott.  Regards,  Mark 
 I am ok with all the changes except the deletion of the last sentence in paragraph 1.  I don't understand why Abitibi-Consolidated deleted that sentence.  Mark 
 Tim:  I am preparing a list of the pluses and minuses for the three main alternatives of Settlement, Hearing and FERC.  I think it will be helpful to channel the discussion.  I will send it to you later today.  Mark 
 In the attached chart, I have listed our three main options, and the pluses and minuses, from my point of view, of each option.  Let's discuss this tomorrow. 
 Attached is the chart for Bigtoe. 
 At this point, I think they should be a subscriber member, since trading of paper is an emerging market.  Mark 
 Sorry for my tardy reply.  I have been covered up.  Thanks anyway.  Mark 
 I am not sure.  The numbers do look reasonable to me.  See if they are ok with Sheila Walton and would fit in with our standard policy.  Mark 
 fyi 
 We have not talked about this.  Mark 
 What's going on?  Where are working now?  Mark 
 1.  Legal Risk Report -- developed the concept of the legal risk report for ECT.  I began reporting and managing the ECT legal risks on that basis.  This resulted in a better understanding of legal risks such as the power contract risks.  There will be many collateral benefits for the company as a result of this new technology for legal risks such as better decision making on transactions and faster focus on solving problems.  2.   Developed and implemented new Chinese Wall Policy  --  in the face of almost daily breaches of the then existing policy, a new policy was developed that is fashioned to fit the unique business of ECT.  The traders and originators helped design the policy and have "bought in".  Training was completed in June.  This new policy should reduce our SEC risk, while at the same time, allow us to take advantage of certain information.  3.  Lead power industry to develop a standardized form  --  pushed ISDA and EEI to work with the major IOU's to jointly develop a standard master trading form for power.  The form is now 80% complete and is modeled after the ECT form.  The result will be a significant saving of legal time and effort and more transactions will be completed in the industry with less risk of an unintended default.  4.  Cutting edge legal work -- identified and solved many cutting edge legal questions in connection with the start-up of many ECT businesses. These businesses include (i) the acquisition of competitive information, (ii) weather, coal, emissions, band- width and electronic trading, and (iii) acquisition of businesses through contract such as contemplated in the UI and the Peoples deals.  5.  Carolina Power & Light -- after filing suit against CP&L, acheiving a settlement at 90% of the value, despite difficult legal issues.  6.  Deals are Us  --  lots and lots of deals done.  Legal built a closer relationship with several difficult groups with improved results for the company. 
 Please print out for Bob Crane to sign.  Mark 
 Great conference in Amsterdam.  It was the best one yet.  I would like to have an IDSA sponsored energy conference in Houston sometime in the next year.  I think the time will be ripe to focus on (a)  energy derivatives around the world and (b) the application of web technology to energy.   If we do it right, we may draw a large group internationally and build our membership dramatically.  Let me know what you think.  Regards,  Mark 
 If you have not already done so, please complete and turn in 1999 Year End Performance Reviews for all employees that report to you (lawyers, legal specialists and administrative staff).  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 I will need the 1999 Year End Performance Reviews completed by Friday, April 7.  Thank you. 
 Yes, I want to continue receiving it.  Mark 
 Have you thought about Arthur Andersen or PriceWaterhouse?    Mark 
 yes. 
 Please get the lunch on my schedule and book me to take them on a tour of the trading floor.  Mark 
 Thanks for the info.  Mark 
 Bill:  I am looking foward to the game!  I will try to walk over to your offices by 6:00.  Mark 
 Thanks for the update.   Mark 
 Charles, the article looks very good to me.  I could not open the exhibits. Mark 
 Rick, please send me the schedule so I can foward it on to our lead trader in Japan.  Thanks.  Mark 
 That sounds like a great start in France.  Mark 
 Thanks.  We are in litigation with the Px.  Let me know if she continues to pursue Enron.  Mark 
 Thanks for the info.   Mark 
 Best of luck!  Please keep in touch!    Mark 
 I am on the boards on Harris County Children's Protective Services and International Swaps and Derivatives Association.  Mark 
 Liz, I would love to go.  Can I let you know tomorrow as I am still not sure what time by obligations here are over?    Mark 
 I don't know the person mentioned.   Mark 
 I will have to take a rain check.  I am meeting my son's fourth grade field trip here in SA and as it turns out we won't head back until about 7 pm. Have a great tme.    Mark 
 I think that is as good as we can get under the circumstances.  I would take it.  Mark 
 Jim:  Per our conversations, I propose the following additions to your draft memo:  Global Trading --  All lawyers providing legal services for trading activities (anywhere in the world) will continue to be consolidated into one group reporting to Mark Haedicke.  Legal Risk Books -- Mark will undertake an Enron-wide long term project to categorize legal risks into standardized risk "books".  To that end, Mark will form a team to work closely with each General Counsel or her/his designee regarding the significant legal risks in each subsidiary company. The goal will be to help us better understand our legal risks on a consolidated basis and to provide additional tools to manage our legal risks day to day.  It is anticipated that a consolidated monthly legal risk report will be prepared for Enron. 
 H&K has done only a little work for us.  Mark 
 For your review -- the latest diagram for the paper website.  Michael, I am free to discuss this at your convenience.  I am hopeful this structure will be unregulated in Europe as well.  Mark 
 Not enough experience.  Mark 
 I did it last week!  I  think it is a great seminar.  Mark 
 Based on earlier conversations, I have identified the following business methods that may be novel from a patent point of view:  1.   our site is offering "prime" paper rather than seconds or ends 2.   credit risk is managed by the site (credit intermediation) without cost to customers 3.   customers can access financial derivatives on paper to manage price risk on physical paper products 4.   customers have access to financial derivatives to manage price risk on prime offerings  Please give me your comments on this so we plan our strategy.  Mark Haedicke 
 George, I think your proposal is a good one in light of all the facts at hand.  I think it is best if we take the high road in approach as you have proposed.  I would ask Robert to prepare a one page bullet list of your points and then let's all briefly review it.  I want to stay mindful that litigation is possible and we have to chose our words carefully in event of litigation.  Mark 
 That is a great success.     Mark 
 Bill, I am thinking I could do it May 14 or May 21, if that works for others.  I will confirm next week if those dates work.  Mark 
 Susan:  It is ok to provide the requested information.  Mark 
 Thanks for the invitation, but I cannot make it on Friday.  Have a great time.  Mark 
 Please list Mark Haedicke as an attendee for the Thursday, August 19, 1999 Bon Voyage Bash for Kevin and Christine Hannon  Thank You 
 Yes, the 21st works for me.  I already made the mistake of mentioning the 14th to Susan and she reminded me what day it was.  Mark 
 Bill, I am flexible but I like between 7 and 8.  Mark 
 Ken, how should I help promote the Senate bill?  Does it allow us to do a many to many paper product financial exchange without regulation?  What would you change about the Senate bill?  Mark 
 Dave, I didn't see Julia's name on the list.  I assume it was just oversight.  Let me know.  Mark 
 FYI 
 Yes, talk to Cynthia or Mark Taylor.  Mark 
 Thanks, I think your list has real potential from a patent point of view. Mark 
 Thanks, the talking points are helpful.  Mark 
 A couple of other thoughts:  1.  Aggressively pursue litigation claims and manage litigation risks. 2.  Build contracts and legal infrastructure to support new businesses like paper. 3.  Develop top talent in the firms to assist getting all our deals done.  Mark 
 I will be there.  Mark 
 Yes.  Also, outside legal usually increases over the last 4 months of the year.  Mark 
 I could not open the document.  Mark 
 Rob, she could talk to Barbara Gray about a position as a paralegal.  Barbara is looking for help on some of the asset work.  Mark 
 Not enough experience for our shop. 
 Louise, I can take care of this.  Once in a while, I need to get my hands dirty.  Mark 
 Jason:  I have reviewed the CA and only have one comment.  I would like to add a paragragh 10 as follows:  "This Agreement shall terminate on the date one year from the date of this Agreement."  Enron Net Works LLC will be the party to the agreement.  The address is 1400 Smith Street, Houston Texas  77002.  Please set up the agreement for signature by Louise Kitchen as Managing Director.  My number is 713-853-6544 if you have any questions.  Regards,  Mark Haedicke 
 Cynthia, Rick Grove and I talked by phone to Chairman Rainer today about energy.  I made the point that energy swaps should be treated just like financial commodity swaps.  Also, I pointed out that innovation has been slowed for electronic trading of energy by the current regulatory structure. I think it would be a good idea to prepare a "positive" letter from a few congressman encouraging a point of view on energy more like the Senate bill.  Mark 
 Rick Grove and I spoke with Chairman Rainer on Friday about energy and he did not budge.  He appears to be strongly against us.  Why do you think that is? 
 Pls. handle.  Mark 
 Peter, the summary is very helpful.  Perhaps, we should drop the summary into the monthly report?  Please talk to Julia about that.  I want to make it as efficient as possible.  Mark 
 Nora, thanks for the information.  As new issues come up, please copy Mark Taylor.  Thanks for your help.  Mark 
 Justin, thanks!   Mark 
 Liz, it looks fine.  I have printed it and will initial for Greg's signature.  Let me know if you have any other questions.  Once you get the original back, please send to me for my files.  Mark 
 Attached is our Confidentiality Agreement.  Please feel free to call me at (713) 853-6544 if you have any questions.  Thank you. 
 Attached is our Confidentiality Agreement.  Please feel free to call me if you have any questions at (713) 853-6544.  Thank you. 
 Attached is our Confidentiality Agreement.  Please call me at (713) 853-6544 if you have any questions.  Thank you. 
 Attached is our Confidentiality Agreement.  Please feel free to call me at (713) 853-6544 if you have any questions.  Thank you. 
 Julia has all the handouts.  Mark 
 Randy, I will be out of town, but that is ok.   MARK 
 That is great that John has an interest!   Mark 
 Chris, I got your message.  I am very happy how you are coming out!  I think it is a great opportunity for both you and the company!  Please work through the move and comp questions with Julia.  Of course I will be available as needed.  Mark 
 Peter, is there any real risk that contingencies from LGEC could spill over to Enron Canada?  Mark 
 Please set up a meeting next week with Randy and Michelle and Dan to briefly review the issues below.    Mark 
 I am in Houston, but would be happy to give him some contact names.  What is his background?  That will help me come up with the right people.   Mark 
 FYI 
 Bob:  Sorrry for the delay in responding.  I am ok with V&E representing the underwriter with the usual carve-outs..  Mark 
 I have not heard of the firm.    Mark 
 Thanks for the summary.  Mark 
 I am OK with this so long as it does not set a precedent for next year. Mark    Sheila Walton 04/10/2000 11:09 AM 
 You're very welcome.   Mark 
 Thanks for the memo.  I think the transaction makes a lot of sense.   Mark 
 Paul, thanks for the risk memo!  Mark 
 Peter, thanks for the note.  Please copy Julia on updates of this nature. Mark 
 Please put on my calendar.  Mark 
 Dear Mr. Esposito:  I would recommend you talk to Brian Seyfried in London at 44-207-783-7907 re credit and Jere Overdyke in Houston at 713-853-9171 re insurance derivatives.  Let me know if you need any more help.  Sincerely,  Mark Haedicke 
 Yes, I am generally familiar with the deal.  Mark 
 I would like to be on the panel but I have on a conflict on the conference dates.  Please keep me in mind for next year.  Mark Haedicke 
 Bill, that works for me.  I am happy to ride together.  Let me know what time you will pick me up.  Thanks.  Mark 
 I am fine with your proposal.   Mark 
 I have put the executed doc in the mail.  Mark 
 I will be out of town.  Thanks for asking.  Mark 
 Jaime:  Thanks for the information!  Mark 
 Greg, it looks fine to me.  Let's make sure we have the supporting documentation of the good standing certificate and board resolution.  Mark 
 Jeff, here is the list of managers and officers as it now stands.  Let me know what additional changes you want made and we will get all of them done. Mark 
 7:45 is ok with me.  I am at 14623 River Forest.  Let me know if you need directions.  Mark 
 We did a cogen deal in Nevada.  Try asking Karen Jones in Portland.  Mark 
 This is a test. 
 For preparation of my travel folder for the trip.  Mark 
 Fish. 
 Please put this on my calendar.  Mark 
 Please check with Janette.  Thanks.  Mark 
 Janet, I am looking to this now.  Mark 
 Elizabeth, I would like to present at this conference, subject to knowing more about it.  Let's talk about about what we would want to talk about.  I am wondering how interesting the topic will be.   Mark 
 I think we should try this out.  I will work on that.  Mark 
 I received the binder.  Thank you.   Mark 
 Dave, I wanted to let you know that I will be in Israel on July 28, on the date of the VP pre-ranking.  This is a long scheduled family trip that would be difficult to cancel.  I can call in or get all my comments to you and others ahead of time.      Mark 
 That is a very interesting question.  I think we would eventually want to include derivatives in the cross default trigger because of their significance.  However, since we often have the far larger derivative position, it would seem at least now, this would more often work against us.  Mark Haedicke 
 Congrats on the deal!   Mark 
 FYI 
 Put on my calendar.   Mark 
 I do not know of any reason.  Mark 
 FYI.   You call and confirm with Dennis Oakley at Chase. 
 Cliff, please find the legal opinion we previously discussed.  Mark 
 Let me know how it goes.  Mark 
 Don:  I would like to attend with you.  I will check with my assistant to make sure I can do it.  Take care,  Mark 
 Bob:  After last year it is a close call, but I want to do it again.  I am willing to go for one-half again but am ok with only a quarter of the games.  Let me know when you need the money and I will scout around to see if anyone wants a quarter of the games.  Mark 
 Janet, I received your message and heard you loud and clear.  We need to diversify the talent working on your deals.  Let's get you together with Julia next week to discuss.    Janet R Dietrich 06/06/00 04:01 PM 
 Mark, what has been mandated by AA and what is your recommendation.  Mark 
 Please put this on my schedule.  Mark 
 Is our filing date of July 1 still on track?   Mark 
 There will be a meeting to discuss unfinished PRC matters for ENA Legal on Monday, June 19, at 9:30 a.m. (immediately following the regularly scheduled OGC meeting) in conference room EB38C2.  This should take approximately 30 minutes. 
 I think attending the ISDA workshop would be a good idea.   Mark 
 Thanks for updating  me on things.  We could get together for lunch some time if you want.  I am downtown and generally keep Thursday's open to lunch with friends.  I am at 713-853-6544 and you can always leave a message on vm. Take care.  Mark 
 Thanks for the message.  I will be over in a few weeks.  I look foward to catching up on things.  Mark 
 Please find the docs she is referring to so I can sign them.  We should get Jeff Hodge to sign them.  Mark 
 If you are going to be out of the office, please have your assistant send me an e-mail (and copy Janette) with the dates you will be out and the telephone number where you can be contacted.  Thank you. 
 Alan, FYI.  Please forward on to Tom.  I could not get his e-mail address to come up.  Mark 
 FYI.  We should talk about attendance at these meetings re electronic trading. 
 I will not be back from my vacation until August 2.  Is it possible to delay your vacation for two days.  If not, I think it will be ok.  Mark 
 Edmund, thanks for that A&O summary.  Is anyone recommending any change in the ISDA agreement or schedules?  Hopefully this fact scenario would never apply to Enron.  Mark 
 I can go only if there is no Net Works meeting.  Mark 
 Alan, there is a good article on power trading in Japan.  Please pass it on as appropriate.   Mark 
 test 
 Scott, thanks for the note.  Mark 
 Congrats!  It is a good ground breaking deal.  Mark 
 I would try Rick Shapiro.  Mark 
 Rick:  As you know, Clinton should sign, over the next couple of days, legislation on electronic signatures.  There is a big need to standardize the approach with respect to e-signatures on trading contracts and maybe confirmations.  I think this is an area that ISDA could provide leadership and possibly make money through a protocol.  Let me know what you think.  Mark 
 Bob:  I think the RFP looks great.  The one question I had was whether or not we wanted to put in the RFP our objective in terms of income from the facility. Also, should we encourage joint bids?  Take care.  Mark 
 Peter:  At this point, it seems to me, it may be helpful, but not materially helpful to bid through a separate entity.  Do you disagree with this conclusion?  Mark 
 Lance, it looks fine to me with exception of the reference to Kinneman. Please revise and send out.  Mark 
 Please look at this and give me your comments.  Mark 
 Pete, thanks for the memo.  Mark 
 George: We have a new lawyer in Alan's group starting in a few weeks.  I want this lawyer to help Wayne.  I think this will take care of the issue.   Thanks. Mark 
 FYI 
 Thanks for asking, but my schedule does not permit speaking at that time. Mark 
 Stephen:  I would be happy to talk about that.  Give me a call at 713-853-6544.  Mark 
 Tim:  What's your reaction to this article on Cal Px?  Mark 
 The OGC meeting scheduled for Wednesday, July 5, has been cancelled.  The OGC meeting will resume on the normal schedule beginning Monday, July 10, at 8:30 a.m.  Thank you. 
 Bob:  We are working on a "protocol" re electronic signatures.  Is this something isda would want to be involved in?  Maybe money could be made.  Let me know.  Mark 
 Alan, I forwarded it on to the GC at ISDA and am looking forward to his comments.  Great job.  Mark 
 Bob:  I think we say we want the facility to be revenue enhancing and that we are in favor of joint bids.  Take care.  Mark 
 Yes I do think so.  He may want to coordinate with V&E, but that is ok. Please point out we are working with ISDA.   Mark 
 Let's try to use V&E on the e-signature things as much as possible. 
 Bob:  We are working on an e-signature "protocol" and wondered if ISDA wanted to take the lead in this matter?  Let me know.  Mark 
 Bob:  This is something we are working on at Enron.  Is this something ISDA has interest in taking a lead on?  I think ISDA could add value by developing a standard approach to e-signatures.  Mark 
 Let's do it in August during the week of the seventh.  Please start working on a short memo for Dave and me to send out.  I think we need to have at least two dates.  The memo should say attendance is mandatory.  Mark 
 Thanks for the heads up.  Keep me posted.  Mark 
 I think we should get either you or Sara involved in this.  Gary has requested a Houston lawyer help in establishing the business in London.  Mark 
 Tim, thanks for the note.  Mark 
 This looks ok to me.  Mark 
 Thanks! 
 Bill, thanks for the invitation, but I cannot make it.  Take care.  Mark 
 Chris:  Thanks for the feedback on Dale.  I agree with your assessment.  Take care.  Mark 
 FYI on the lawyers conference.  Mark 
 Bill, I called Shapiro about this and he said they were interested and would cover the meeting you told me about.  I would give Rick a call at this point.  Thanks.  Mark 
 Paul:  Great news!  Were there any difficult questions raised by the SFA?  Mark 
 Justin: Thanks for the info.  Alan and I are going to work on it from this side.  It sure looks like we could use a lawyer in New York.  After you and Alan talk it through, let's agree on a plan to get the work done in NYC to make sure we are coordinated.  Mark    Justin Boyd 07/12/2000 05:19 AM 
 Chris:  Thanks for the update.  Let's try to get together in Toronto on Tuesday, August 15 or 22.  Do either of those days work for you?  I would envision getting up to speed on business opportunities in Ontario and addressing the questions you raised.  Your proposal makes sense, but I would like to defer our decision until we have had a chance to talk it through.  Mark 
 Yes, Michael raised it to me, so that is all clear.  With respect to the candidate you mentioned, I think I would need to review his resume and see what the arguments would be.  Let's get together and talk about this before you go to the recruiters.  Mark 
 Mary:  Never heard of Barrett.  I think it is a good trend that energy companies are seeing it in their interest to join ISDA!  Mark 
 Rosemary:  Yes, I would be happy to.  I would like to get some time on the schedule to review the plan for energy both in North America and Europe.  It seems to me that we ought to have a meeting in Frankfurt in Sept and a seminar on energy in Houston over the next six months.  Mark 
 Please add this to my schedule.  Maybe, I can fly to Toronto the next day. Ask Chris Gaffney if September 21 works for him instead of the dates I proposed in August.   Mark 
 Chris:  How about Sept 21?  I have to be in NYC anyway on Sept 20.  Mark 
 Please review the attached summary of legal risks.  Mark 
 In preparation for our meeting on Monday, I listed the key legal issues re the PPAs.  Mark 
 I think you need to do their reviews.  I would coordinate with Jeff Hodge to make sure you get the appropriate feedback from Houston. 
 Liz: Put me down for $50.  Mark 
 Alan, are we doing anything on Aer*x anymore?  Please let Mark Holsworth know.   Mark 
 I updated mine last week.  Please confirm it is not there as of today.  Mark 
 What topics do you think would be appropriate?  I will have just a few minutes.  I was thinking CFTC, electronic trading, physical trading forms and continued opening of power markets in North America to trading.  Mark 
 Yes, I am planning on attending.  I need directions.  Thanks.  Mark 
 We should include ISDA energy definitions, CFTC matters re energy and an overview of power deregulation developments in North America.  I might also add a few items about international developments and the EEI physical power trading form.  I am thinking 4 slides at the most.  Is that what you want?  Mark 
 Michael:  The September ISDA meeting is coming up and I am starting to plan my schedule.  I will be in London on Monday and Tuesday, Sept 12 and 13.  I will also be in Frankfurt on Wednesday and Thursday.  Are you free for dinner on either Monday or Tuesday?  Who is the best person in Frankfurt to give me an overview of the trading markets in Germany?  Regards,  Mark 
 Jane:  There are lots of countries that at first did not allow derivatives and later changed the laws to allow them.  Bob Pickel, the GC of ISDA in NYC could give you info on this or Jeff Golden at Allen & Overy in London could give you info.  Mark 
 Yes, please check on that.   Mark 
 Martin:  Looks like great progress!  Mark 
 Thanks for the memo.  It is going to be a very interesting area!  Mark 
 Please set a telephone meeting with Alex for me.  Mark 
 Please see note on Frankfurt.  Mark 
 Shouldn't we go with LeBeouf?    Mark 
 Yes I want these changes.      PeopleFinder <peoplefinder@enron.com> 08/03/2000 11:09 AM Please respond to peoplefinder 
 Rob, pass on if appropriate.  Mark 
 Mark:  A concern has been raised about IT service providers working on EOL or other Enron projects and then taking know-how to a competitor, such as Dynegy. Since these service providers tend to work for a lot of different companies, it seems like this is a significant issue.  How do we address this risk in the contracts? Do we need to add a non-competition clause?  Mark Haedicke 
 Ron:  Thanks for your help.  Let's get together for lunch some time.  Let me know what works for you.  Mark 
 NIck:  Do we have an erergy meeting scheduled in September.  Let's talk about this. We could do it in either London or Frankfurt doing the week of the board meeting.   Let me know your thoughts on this.  Mark 
 Rick:  Thanks for the message.  I have sent an e-mail to Nick.  I will coordinate with him.  Mark 
 Paul:  Thanks for the e-mail.  I agree with your assessment.  I also want to thank you for your support of the legal department.  We feel like we are part of the team and I appreciate your efforts in that regard.  Take care,  Mark 
 Nick: I will plan on being there and will be happy to comment on item 4.  I think we also could talk about  regulatory barriers to energy trading in Europe.  Please keep me posted on seminar plans in Europe re energy.  Regards,  Mark 
 Bob: per our conversation.  Mark 
 It seems to me that our standard language should prohibit service providers from working on any similar project for a competitor or disclosing in any way that work was done for Enron.  Also, we may want to specify liquidated damages for violation of this covenant.  Any objections to this?  Mark Haedicke 
 Jay:  You and I can talk through the issues.  The key point is that you have to vote the best interest of the corporation on whose board you sit and not your personal interest or the interest of Enron.  Give me a call and we can talk through the business of Convergent and what the risks are.  Mark 
 I agree.  Also, I think what we do here will be cited by others.  Mark 
 Jeff, where we at on the project to improve the contracts with the most exposure.   Mark 
 Mark:  Would you please propose language to me along the lines I suggested.  Thanks.  Mark 
 Please take this comment into account when you draft up some language. Thanks, Mark 
 Dad:  Thanks for letting me know.  She seemed to be a wonderful person.  Things are going well for me and my family.  We bought a place at Silver Shells in Destin recently.  I am hopeful we will get there some during the summers.  Thanks,  Mark 
 I will be here next week.  Mark 
 Please schedule 30 minutes with Janette.  Mark 
 Do you think that a bill favorable to energy will be passed over the strong opposition of the CFTC?  What kind of odds do you put on it?  It is a significant change if Treasury is not longer against us -- but it is a little hard for me to believe that it is real.  Should I try to make a trip to Washington in September?  Let me know.  Mark Haedicke 
 Mark:  Let's start using this right away.     Mark Haedicke Non-competition:  Contractor covenants that it will not use for any reason the By accepting work under this Agreement, Contractor warrants that it will not perform any similar work for a competitor of Company.  Contractor acknowledges its obligations under section 4 of this Agreement and, as such, shall not accept any work in which it might divulge any information, ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques learned or created during (collectively the "Information") while providing the work services performed for theCompany, including without limitation, when Contractor provides services to any company competing with the Company.  Anytime Contractor provides substantially similar services to a company competing with the Company, it shall take all appropriate caution to protect the Information, use employees that did not provide services to the Company and Contractor shall provide written notice to the Company.     Mark Holsworth@ENRON 08/11/2000 03:11 PM 
 Let's talk about this when you get a chance.  Mark 
 Please briefly fill-in the attached draft monthly report for Net Works by August 15.  Please e-mail your additions to Janette for her to compile.  Thanks,  Mark 
 I was happy to do it.  I really like your artwork.  Let's get together for lunch sometime.  Regards,  Mark 
 Mary:  I asked for a list of major energy trading parties.  It seems to me that we should try again to get those on the list that are not already members to join ISDA.  Let me know if I can help.  Regards,  Mark 
 Mary:  Here is the list on telecom companies.  Let me know how I can help.  Regards,  Mark 
 Great resume, but too specialized for my group.  Mark 
 Mark, I was looking for your comments on this memo.  Thanks.   Mark H 
 I cannot be there, but am very glad you are having this meeting.  Mark 
 No I have not.  Mark 
 Mary:  Spring break for most schools in Houston for 2001 is March 12 through March 17.  Otherwise, I am open in Feb and Mar at this time.  I think London is a better venue for an energy conference than Amsterdam.  Also, I think we will eventually want to do an energy trading presentation on Japan --  maybe at the update on October 26.  Ragards,  Mark 
 I would like to change our policy regarding taping telephone trades.  I propose the following:  1.   Retention Period  -- change the retention period from 4 months to 2 months  2.  Record Only Deal Terms -- change from taping everything to taping only the deal terms at the end of a call  The first change could be made immediately and the second change would require both reprogramming (Phillippe is looking at this) and training of the traders to press the record button at the end of a call to record the deal terms.  Let me know your thoughts on the proposed changes.  Mark Haedicke 
 Per our conversation on coordination of our efforts on California and other jurisdictions, we have developed the following training program:  1.    Anti-trust -- we have completed anti-trust training in Houston for traders and have scheduled it in Portland and Calgary.  2.    Sales Practices -- this training has been completed in Portland and is being scheduled in Houston and Calgary.  3.    Anti-manipulation -- this training has been completed in Portland, but needs to be expanded to cover local law manipulation issues.  It also needs to be scheduled in Houston and Calgary.  Also, the above training needs to be supplemented with training on local power pool rules.  There is a similar program being prepared in London.  A meeting is being scheduled so we can discuss these matters further.  Mark Haedicke 
 I would stay out of it in light of John's message.  MARK 
 Please prepare drafts of the slides suggested in the attached "agenda slide".   Mark 
 Paul:  I have proposed we change our procedure here and we are discussing the proposed changes.  I will send you a copy of my proposal.  We can talk about in a few weeks in London.  Regards,  Mark 
 I am trying to build consensus on this issue.  Take care.  Mark 
 I think partnering with a lawfirm would be a good idea re documentation. However, I am not sure the ISDA board is likely to pick a proposal that includes a competitor of the stature of Enron.  I will call ISDA and try to get a read on what ISDA wants to do which is not clear at this point.  Regards,  Mark 
 Thanks for confirming the destruction of tapes.  Mark 
 Attached is the Enron Net Works Monthly Legal Report. 
 FYI 
 I vote for the monastery.  I look forward to our meeting.  Mark 
 Jenette: please put this tentatively on my schedule.  Mark 
 Brent, also who has the risk of Y2K under our contracts?  If energy is not delivered because of a Y2K problem, is that a force majeure event or otherwise excused?  Your are right to raise this issue.  Let me know what response you are getting.  Take care.  Mark 
 Thanks for the memo.   Mark 
 Please set up this meeting.  Mark 
 Try Sheila Tweed.  We did a few transactions there last year.  Mark 
 Larry:  On the resume, only one comment.  I would split out Community Affiliations or just delete it.  I will give the resume to a friend of my in HR and ask where he thinks the best fit would be in Enron.  Do you want me to e-mail your resume to a few people I know in other businesses? If yes, please send again without the note to me.  Mark 
 I have talked to my friend and the areas where we need help are in coal product and paper product marketing and industrial customer outsourcing. Give me a call and I can describe the opportunities and see what your interest level is.  Mark 
 Bob:  I think Enron is more  likely to use the intranet service.  I was unclear however, if additional service was available in the internet service, such as links to the explanatory books?  I think generally we would want the convenience of having the ISDA materials inside for use by any Enron employee.  If the cost gets too high, I don't think members will pay for it. $10,000 sounds ok to me.  Regards,  Mark 
 Peter:  Thanks for the message.   I look forward to getting together.  Mark 
 David:  Per our conversation last week, I have attached a copy of Mr. Lipman's resume.  He has expressed interest in learning more about the coal, paper and steel business opportunities.  He will give you a call at 713-853-3557 to schedule a time to meet.  Regards,  Mark Haedicke 
 Thanks for the e-mail.  I have asked Alan to find a time where we could talk on Thursday to make sure we are coordinated on Rudolf Wolffe.  Regards,  Mark 
 Please circulate as appropriate in Portland.   Mark 
 FYI 
 I spoke to Dr. Emilio Pinto, at the Sao Paulo lawfirm of Tozzini Freire about joining ISDA.  He and his firm are doing a lot of work for Enron.  He is familiar with ISDA and said he was interested in joining.  I told him he would get a call and some materials that he could present to his Executive Committee.  I reviewed with him the cost of $10,000.  Please give him a call at 011-551-1-2322100.  I think he could help build membership in ISDA in Brazil and eventually become a rep office for ISDA in South America.  He goes by Emilio.  I am working on a lawfirm in Argentina.  Let  me know if you have any questions.  Regards,  Mark 
 Congratulations to you and your team!   Mark 
 Thanks for the invitation but we are going on to Calgary.  Mark 
 FYI 
 Bob: Thanks for the heads up.  Mark 
 John, I would like to get together for lunch on the 6th of Sept.  Take care. Mark    "JOHN G KLAUBERG" <JKLAUBER@LLGM.COM> 08/24/2000 01:56 PM 
 Joan:  I will talk to Susan and see what her interest is.  Thanks.  Mark 
 Dan, are you ok with the minutes?  Mark 
 Paul:  We do Sales Practices training which gets into some of what your are suggesting.  I think it is a good idea to take it further with a list of "don'ts".  We can get you are training materials.  We are in the process of uploading all training materials including videos into various websites.  Mark    Paul Simons 08/24/2000 06:04 AM 
 Any interest?  If yes, please contact this candidate.  Mark 
 Please give me the contact names because I don't know much about this.  Mark    Mary Cunningham <MCUNNINGHAM@isda.org> 08/28/2000 09:34 AM 
 Peter, let's set aside at least one-half hour to talk about the approval process and general communication and any issues you want to.  Please get it scheduled. Thanks.  Mark 
 I am ok with a memo as you proposed.  Mark 
 Susan:  Thanks for the note.  Glad to hear that you are doing well.  Please send me a brief description of what ICor does.  Regards,  Mark 
 Attached is the Monthly Legal Report for Enron Global Markets. 
 Please carry your cell phone with you (with the power on) while you are at work during normal business hours.  It is important that I can reach you when it becomes necessary.  Thank you for your cooperation. 
 Rob, I want to keep a relatively low profile until we settle Project Stanley.  With respect to cooperating with TransAlta while the lawsuit is pending -- that seems to send the wrong signal to TransAlta.  Mark 
 Wes, I am forwarding the monthly report on Legal.  It seems to be inconsistent with the legal budget numbers in the QBRs.  Overall, it shows Legal is slightly over budget for the year.  Could you have someone compare the numbers and let me know if the monthly report is correct.  Mark 
 Please update as you fill in the rest of the dates.  Thanks.  Mark 
 Joan:  Great!  Susan said she would like to go to a few shops as you suggested.  We can talk about that.  Mark 
 That looks good.   Our call next week will be on Tuesday and Julia will be leading it.  I will see you in London soon.   Mark 
 We will look into it.  It may be an infringement.  Mark 
 I am ok with it.  Mark 
 I agree.  I want to change the reporting to be directly to me anyway.  Let's discuss.  Mark 
 John, I think I can meet for lunch on the 7    "JOHN G KLAUBERG" <JKLAUBER@LLGM.COM> 08/24/2000 01:56 PM 
 Thanks for the invitation, but I will be returning from Europe.  Mark 
 Thanks for the message!  It was a complete victory!   Mark 
 For your use if the materials don't make it here in time.  Mark 
 Yes, I am happy to do that.  Mark 
 We sent a letter asking him to stay away from the families and INS is supposed to show up today and deport him.  We'll see what happens.  Mark 
 Please hold for me.  I will see you soon.  Mark 
 Stacy, please look into this ASAP and report back to me.   Mark 
 Let's plan on talking about BT's hedge claim.   Mark 
 Peter:  Please give me a two or three sentence summary of the trading issue and court decision thereon in Blue Range.  I want to report on it over the next two weeks in ISDA energy committee meetings.  Regards,  Mark 
 Peter:  You are asking good questions.  Generally, most employees are part of ENA and provide services to all the wholesale businesses.  The executives tend to have their own company business cards and stationary.  But, most of the business continues under ENA or an existing company.  Occasionally, litigation concerns dictate not following the general rules.  You can get more specific info from Julia.  Mark 
 Niki:  I would be happy for 2 students to be assigned to Legal.  Mark 
 large 
 A few of my pictures.   Mark 
 Please print these out for me and forward to Mark Taylor, Alan, Elizabeth and Jeff Hodge. 
 Accord should be a primary member.  It is the trading arm of British Gas. Mark 
 Thanks for the summary.  I had missed your prior e-mail on the topic.  Mark 
 Great!  Let me know how it goes.  Mark 
 Yes, go ahead and send it to Kevin.  It does not look very helpful in that we cannot argue ENA assigned EES a lot of value.  Mark 
 Dan, let's go with the following as modified.  Thanks,  Mark 
 I appreciate all the work you did for us!   Mark 
 Well done!  Please send a copy of the plan to the OGC and work with Janette to schedule a meeting of the OGC to review the plan and get buy-in across the group.  Let's schedule the meeting for 1and 1/2 hours.  I would like you in the mean time to focus on a time line to implement the program.  Also, please set up a meeting for you and me with Phillippe Bibi to discuss getting help from IT to implement our plan.  Mark 
 I don't know anything about this.  Mark 
 Put me on the 11:50 flight and let's see if we can do dinner at 7:00 rather 8:00.  Thanks, Mark 
 We are looking at buying several paper companies.  I think you should send them to me.  Thanks.  Mark 
 Thanks for the resume.  I do not need a regulatory lawyer at this time. Mark 
 John, I don't see that as a problem.  It was good to see you.  Regards,  Mark 
 Send the docs to Julia.  Mark 
 Please see below from ISDA.  Do we ever want to go to using the ISDA for physical and financial deals?  Should this be a long range plan?   Mark 
 I plan on playing golf.  Mark 
 I have responded below.  Also, my title is Managing Director and General Counsel of Enron Wholesale Markets.  I would add a bullet " comparison of masters in use in North America."   Mark 
 Please fix this for me.    Mark 
 Thanks for the message.  I will try to get that fixed.  Mark 
 Yes, include me on the list.  Mark Haedicke 
 What is the status of setting up Chinese Walls?   Mark 
 Bill:  I would talk to Lisa Mellencamp about representing ENA re East Coast Power.  Mark 
 FYI 
 Mary:  Sorry, I can't make the lunch.  Historically, the interest in Enron sponsoring any event has been very low.  I will raise it but I am not optimistic.  Mark 
 Looks good to me.  Mark 
 non-smoking 
 Rappaport's comments are potentially very negative to us.  I think we should write him a letter in protest.    Mark 
 Please handle re Paul Nelson. 
 Please schedule. 
 We have purchased 30 copies of the referenced book.  It is a short read -- about 30-45 minutes.  The copies are located at the clerks' station, EB3808. Please read this short story prior to our ENA Legal Conference and then return it to the clerks' station so everyone attending the conference will have an opportunity to read it prior to the conference. 
 I am working on the scheduling the meeting this afternoon with Power Systems and their outside lawyers to ask for the legal opinion we need on this matter.  We have to nail down all the facts and then get Power System's outside lawyers to write the appropriate opinion.  I will keep you posted.  Mark 
 Please send an e-mail copy of the speech I gave shortly after meeting with Mr. Ford.   Mark 
 George:  I will send it by e-mail.  Take care.   Mark 
 Please call John Arnold and ask him where the traders are coming out on this.  Let me know.  Mark 
 Jim, I am looking for weather data by region for 98 and 99.  I believe that there was a lot of extreme weather this year and I am looking to support that.  This is background info to support the arguments for standardized power contracts,  which are nearly agreed to.  Let me know what there is and who I should talk to.  Thanks for your help.     Mark 
 I think it is both Rappaport and his target audience.  I think Dan needs to hear directly from us that we are not happy with the position he has taken re electronic trading.  Silence by us could be misinterpreted by him.  Let me know what you think.  Mark    Louise Kitchen 09/25/2000 11:12 AM 
 Dan, please prepare a list of items you think I should sign off on and then set up a meeting where we can review that list with the whole team.     Mark 
 Steve:  It looks like a great program!  I am happy to participate.  I would like to have a teleconference of the panel within a few weeks so that I can make sure I have time to get my materials together.  Regards,  Mark    SKramer@milbank.com 09/20/2000 04:14 PM 
 For your files.  Mark 
 I got the chart in electronic form.  Mark 
 John:  Let me know if you are ok with the following memo which would come from you and me to  the traders and senior originators:    Effective October 15, 2000, the retention period on tape recordings of trades done by telephone will be reduced from four months to one month.  The tapes regarding significant transactions may be retained for such longer period as approved in writing by both the Head Trader and the General Counsel.  Please propose those significant transactions on which you may wish to retain the tapes, prior to October 15, 2000, since the tapes on conversations older than one month will be destroyed on that date.  If you have any questions, please contact Mark Haedicke or Richard Sanders.   We are still looking at moving to recording only the deal terms -- but that is a long term project.  Mark 
 Dan, I would like to have a brief meeting with the team to talk through the list -- to make sure we are all on the same wavelength.  Let's do it soon with the idea we would have another meeting to wrap things up as appropriate.  Mark    Dan Lyons 09/25/2000 03:23 PM 
 Let me know if you see any problem.  Mark 
 Can you look into this and get back to me.  Thanks.  Mark 
 Steve:  It's ok to put confirmed.  Mark 
 Please briefly review the slides attached below and give me your reaction. Please forward on to our clients if you think it would be helpful.   Mark 
 I think you must be looking for Mark Holsworth at Enron Corp.  Mark Haedicke    Mike Haney@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 09/20/2000 09:12 AM 
 Paul:  It is true that there is no wall -- however, it is geographically separate. The equity trading is the end portion of the floor.  There are three hallways that go to equity trading, each about 10 feet long.  It would not be possible to hear anything said outside of the equity trading area.  Robert Bruce is working on updating our policy and procedures in Houston and by copy hereof ask him to update you.    Paul Simons 09/19/2000 01:53 PM 
 Please confirm we send this memo to MDs and key commercial employes.    Mark 
 Everyone was intrigued that Enron submitted a proposal.  However, it is difficult to guess the outcome.  Mark 
 Rick:  I would like to have a presentation on local rules such as ISO rules in the various locations where we operate.  Can your group do this as we work on the legal presentations.  I believe this is already happening in part, but I would like to make more institutionalized.  Let me know.   Mark    Richard Shapiro@EES 09/08/2000 09:42 AM 
 Please work with Richard Sanders to decide on the distribution list which should include all MDs and Robert Knight.  I want to get it out by Wednesday.  Mark 
 Effective October 15, 2000, the retention period on tape recordings of trades done by telephone will be reduced from four months to one month.  The tapes regarding significant transactions may be retained for such longer period as approved in writing by both the Head Trader and the General Counsel.  Please propose those significant transactions on which you may wish to retain the tapes, prior to October 15, 2000, since the tapes on conversations older than one month (except with respect to litigation matters) will be destroyed on that date.  If you have any questions, please contact Mark Haedicke or Richard Sanders.  John Lavorato and Mark Haedicke 
 per our conversation.  Mark 
 Alan, please handle and respond directly to Rick.  It looks like it would be a good opportunity for ECT to speak.  Mark 
 The schedule looks good.  I don't think there is any need for me to meet with Stikeman.  Thanks.  Mark 
 The lunch for October will be at Dong Ting, 611 Stuart at Smith, from Noon to 1:00 PM.  The telephone number is 713-527-0005.  Please RSVP to my assistant, Janette Elbertson, at extension 37906 to let her know if you will be attending.  Thanks. 
 The luncheon will be on Tuesday, October 3rd. 
 If you have a copy of Who Moved My Cheese? please read it at your earliest convenience and return it to the clerks' station so everyone attending the conference has an opportunity to read it.  Thank you. 
 Per our conversation.  Mark 
 There is no attachment.  Mark    Angela Davis@ENRON 10/02/2000 05:57 PM 
 Please retype and send the memo directly within e-mail.  Thanks,  Mark    Deb Korkmas 10/02/2000 04:38 PM 
 FYI.  I am working on new procedures requiring a "budget" for outside counsel on our more complex deals to improve cost control.  Mark 
 Thanks.  Mark 
 Please delete the referenced meetings from your calendars.  It is no longer necessary to have this meeting on Thursdays, from 11:00 to 11:30 AM.  Thank you. 
 Should the first order of business be to decide who is responsible for each form and then review who must approve the changes?  Maybe we should do that ahead of time?  Also, should we set a time schedule?  Mark 
 Hi Larry:  I think your best shot at Enron would be in paper with Bryan.  I think we got a gift -- I remember Susan saying something.  I am just the Dad!  Everything is going well.  Keep me posted on your job opportunities or if you want me to follow up with anyone here.  Mark    LDLIPMAN@aol.com 10/02/2000 08:50 PM 
 Joe:  Thanks for the invitation.  I would love to be there but unfortunately I can't make it.  Mark 
 Only the 3 slides on power point.  Mark 
 Does Rob want to meet on Oct 5?  If yes, I want to be done by 10:00.   Mark 
 Yes for the choice of law but not for jurisdiction.  We could agree to non-exclusive jurisdiction in Ohio.  Mark    James Grace@ENRON 10/03/2000 01:22 AM 
 It is ok with me.  Mark 
 The attached legal report summarizes current significant legal activities of ENA Legal as of September 15, 2000.  This report does not attempt to list all transactions or include reference to on-going maintenance of completed transactions.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 I am ok with the seminar.  People may have figured out other ways like self study to get their ethics hours in.  Mark 
 FYI 
 No problem. 
 FYI 
 Dave:  This is for routine and "small" matters only.  The resolutions are drafted so that the signature authority is narrow and specific.   Frequency is only one factor.   An example would be certain defined right-of-way agreements and certain defined confirms.  I will review the authority that has been delegated currently.  [Julia and Deb, please pull the existing resolutions with delegation of authority and let's review.]    David W Delainey 10/09/2000 01:37 PM 
 Bonnie:  Thanks for your note.  I would be happy to meet with you and review opportunities.  Give my assistant a call.  Mark    Bonnie Nelson@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 10/09/2000 12:55 PM 
 You are meeting with Bowen who has authority to hire.  Give me a call and we can talk through each of the people.  Take care.  Mark    LDLIPMAN@aol.com 10/12/2000 08:53 AM 
 Primary.  I think we should give an ultimatum to Cargill.  I could say that all Enron trading is to hedge risk too!  Mark 
 Please schedule this call.  Mark 
 Please give Michelle Cash a call or Karen Jones in Portland.     Mark    Eric Thode@ENRON 10/11/2000 02:44 PM 
 Set me up for a lunch or a Rockets game.  The tickets should be coming soon. Mark 
 Please handle.  Mark 
 Terry:  Greetings.  I have been reading about lliberalization of power markets in Japan starting next year.  I wondered if you expect IBJ or any of the other large financial institutions in Japan to make a market in power?  Would you or someone else you know want to talk about that?  Let me know.  Hope things are going well.  Take care.  Mark 
 In order to provide better oversight and control of ENA legal expenditures on large transactions, please continue to follow the procedures set forth below for transactions where outside legal fees and expenses are expected to exceed $25,000.00.  The purpose of these procedures is to (i) improve communication with counsel (inside and outside) on issues, fees and services and (ii) send price signals on legal costs (with respect to specific transactions) on a timely basis to the business units.  Every effort should be made to continue to provide high quality legal work that has become standard at ENA.  1.  A written estimate of proposed fees and expenses and a written description of the services shall be provided by our outside counsel.  The responsible business unit and the General Counsel shall review and approve such written estimate before our outside counsel is directed to provide substantial professional services.  2.  Our outside counsel shall be instructed to promptly submit a revised written estimate if such outside counsel determines that legal fees and expenses for such transaction will exceed the previous written estimate by $25,000.00.  Such revised written estimate shall be reviewed and approved by the responsible business unit and the General Counsel or his/her designee before our outside counsel is directed to provide substantial additional professional services.  3.  In order to accurately track such expenses so that the expenses can be properly allocated to the various business units, a work order number should be obtained for each transaction.  Thank you for your cooperation.  If you have any questions or any other suggestions for controlling expenses, please call me at extension 36544. 
 Please update me on the issues.  Mark 
 Please schedule something either in my office or a lunch.  Whatever they prefer.  Mark 
 Mark Haedicke is available for the conference call on Thursday, October 19, at 1:30 p.m. Eastern time.  Please confirm what time you were able to convene the call.  Thank you. 
 This is a reminder that I need to approve all expense reports for all members of the OGC. 
 Effective immediately, any out of town travel not directly related to a work project needs to be approved in advance by me. 
 In Julia's absence from the office, I need you to prepare an Enron Industrial Monthly Legal Report for October and submit it to me as soon as possible. Attached is the ENW Monthly Legal Report to use as a guide.  The report should be concise, in bullet format, and submitted via e-mail to me by the 15th of each month. 
 Please prepare a Monthly Legal Report for your group for October and submit it to me as soon as possible.  Attached is the ENW Monthly Legal Report to use as a guide.  The report should be concise, in bullet format, and submitted to me via e-mail by the 15th of each month. 
 Please prepare an LNG Monthly Legal Report for October and submit it to me as soon as possible.  Attached is the ENW Monthly Legal Report to use as a guide.  The report should be concise, in bullet format, and submitted to me via e-mail by the 15th of each month. 
 I sent the e-mail below to our 