 Eric - Mary Hain resigned her position with Enron.  Her e-mail will be deactivated tomorrow.  Please remove her from your mail lists.  Lysa Akin 503/464-7927 
 Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.  Please remove her name from your mailing lists.  Lysa Akin     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 In the Staff Recommendation on Prospective Market Monitoring and Mitigation, March 2001, the FERC Staff stated that its proposed mitigation proposal is designed to apply only to approximately 5% of the market that remains in real-time and not to the bilateral and forward markets.  In addition, the December 15 order only established a reporting requirement for sales into the ISO and PX spot markets exceeding $150/MWh.  Under the order, the refund potential closes after 60 days of a utility filing its cost justification unless the FERC issues written notification to the seller that its transaction is still under review.  Note well that this does not entirely insulate EPMI concerning long term deals because the FERC's December 15 order is still pending rehearing and parties can appeal that order once the Commission rules. 
 By its January 8 order, the FERC clarified that it did not intend to preclude the PX from engaging in bilateral forward contracting  and that the PX was free to remove spot market components from its forward contracting rate scheduling.  In its request for rehearing, the PX argued that: (1) FERC had failed to fix a just and reasonable rate, (2) FERC did not remove the ongoing prohibition on the IOUs trading in its markets, (3) the January 8 order prohibited it from operating a spot market and that prohibition was unduly discriminatory, and (4) FERC failed to provide a viable alternative to its forward market rate schedule.  FERC dismissed the PX's request for rehearing of its January 8 order, finding that all of the PX's concerns emanate from the FERC's December 15 order not its January 8 order..   See attached order. - EL00-95.1 
 Ron - Mary has asked that the document you reference be faxed to her in Houston (she is attending meetings there).  I will be out of the office Friday.  Would you please fax the document to her at:  281-364-6274.  This is the number for the Woodlands Resort.  The phone number, in case you need it, is 281-367-1100.  Thanks, Ron  Lysa Akin 503/464-7927    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 In case you haven't seen this. 
 Here are some FERC cases I'll probably be working on in the next month: (1) In Docket No. EL00-95-?, et al. the Cal ISO and EOB's Motion for Issuance of Refund Notice and (2) Cal PX Compliance filing and request for expedited Commission guidance in EL00-95-015.  Also I'll be assisting Gary Fergus and Richard Sanders with our discussion with the ISO about reporting cost of service information.  That's about as far ahead as I can see at the moment.   Eric Benson @ ENRON   03/02/2001 02:33 PM 
 I have looked on APS' OASIS for the substations you mentioned.  The only one listed as a receipt point was Moenkopi.  Below is a list of the other receipt points available.  I'll be out next week but if you need help looking to see if transmission capacity is available Diana, Paul, or Cara may be able to help you.  Cholla 345 Desert Basin Four Corners 230 Four Corners 345 GIla 69 Knox 230 Kyrene 230 Marketplace MCC5 Mead 230 Mead 500 NavaJo 500 North GIla 500 PNPKAPS 230 Saguaro 500 San Luis 34 West Wing 500 Yucca 69 
 Thanks, Janet.  I'll make sure and pass on your "well wishes" .  If you nee= d=20 to reache me in the future, I'm available at 503/464-7927.  Lysa 
 FYI 
 See attached. 
 As I indicated to Jeff Golden yesterday, the problem with siting a project in APS is that it typically doesn't have any long term transmission because, in June through October, it is using the transmission to serve its native load, even to the point of selling Palo Verde and buying Four Corners uneconomically.  Accordingly, our short term traders perceive that APS sells transmission aggressively while our mid-marketers think that APS is the hardest utility to buy transmission from in the Southwest.  If you could figure out some way to sell to the market during the winter and sell to APS in the Summer it seems like that would be a good bet.  However, I would wait to talk to APS' merchant function before you submit any transmission requests to APS'  transmission function given that the traders question whether APS may try to discriminate in favor of its merchant function.  Depending on what APS' tariff says, you may have to request interconnection on-line and you have to request transmission on-line.  I will help you do this when you're ready.  I have tried to check APS' OASIS for two days in a row to find out if they have transmission for the project, but the cite was down.  I'll check again today. 
 On Tuesday, Tucson filed a complaint against the Power Exchange and Governor Davis, arguing that the FERC should render null and void the unconditional transfer of SCE and PG&E's block forward contracts.  It argues that such a transfer requires prior FERC approval under Section 203 of the Federal Power Act and should be conditioned by FERC to protect the public interest.  It also argues that FERC should order the PX to enforce its tariff, by requiring the PX to immediately collect from PG&E and SCE all monies due for wholesale sales to date. 
 Anyone have any brilliant ideas on how we can produce this information?  In the meantime, Sue and I can prolong having to produce the information until we negotiate a confidentiality agreement. 
 The ISO is now saying that it has the authority to require EPMI to report our prices over the price cap pursuant to Section 4.5.1of its Market Monitoring Protocol.  This provision gives the Market Surveillance Unit very broad authority to request information, specifically: "the submission of any infomration or data determined by the Market Surveillance Unit to be potentially relevant by ISO Participants, the PX or other entities whose activies may affect the operation of the ISO market."  Apparently EPMI had some December sales over the cap.  The FERC did not order us to report these December sales to FERC but the ISO is now requesting it. I think our only available approach is to provide the information to the ISO pursuant to a confidentiality agreement.  I have asked Sue Mara if she would contact WPTF about negotiating a confidentiality agreement.  Richard, please advise if this is the proper course of action.  Please note, the information is due tomorrow.    Christian Yoder 
 Because of my meeting schedule, it would be particularly helpful if this were videotaped, so I could be sure to be able to attend. 
 I am really interested in the training but will be on vacation on the 7th. Count me in next time.  Thanks for the invite. 
 By a letter in early January, the ISO told EPMI that FERC's order accepting the ISO's Tariff Amendment No. 33 had ordered EPMI to report to the ISO transactions above the price cap.  We reviewed the FERC Order and concluded that the FERC had imposed no such obligation.  We decided to do nothing rather than explain this in a letter to the ISO because the letter could be quoted out-of-context in the newspaper.  Moreover, it's my understanding that we have done no transactions over the cap, so, even if the ISO has correctly interpreted the tariff there would be nothing to provide the ISO.  The ISO is now threatening (see attached E-mail) to bring enforcement actions against parties that do not report to the ISO transactions above the price cap (whether or not the transactions are out-of-market).  I could do one of several things for you at this point: Stay quiet Send the letter (see attached letter to Eric Hilderbrandt) Send the ISO a letter saying we haven't sold anything over the cap and will not report unless and until we do Call the FERC hotline and ask them to get the ISO off our back Ask Sue or Joe to mobilize some action by WPTF or EPSA  I am fearful that if we stay quiet, the ISO will put us on a list (like the "Dirty 13" list) and we'll end up in the press again.  To lay low, I'm inclined to pursue options 3 or 4.  What do others think?  Traders - please verify my understanding about our transactions with the ISO. 
 Montana Power Company and NorthWestern Corporation, EC01-47-000. Dispositio= n=20 of Jurisdictional Facilities. Order issued February 20 accepting Montana=20 Power Co. and NorthWestern Corp.=01,s application for authorization of a=20 disposition of jurisdictional facilities whereby NorthWestern will purchase= =20 Montana Power=01,s utility business in exchange for cash and the assumption= of=20 debt. The transaction involves the purchase of all of Montana Power=01,s=20 regulated electric and natural gas utility facilities in Montana, as well a= s=20 certain subsidiaries of Montana Power. Requests for Rehearing due March 22. 
 Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.  Please remove her from all your mail lists.  Thank you.  Lysa Akin Gov't Affairs - Sr. Admin. Ass't.     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Gary Porter of Sierra called.  He was very apologetic about not sending us an interconnection agreement sooner.  Attached is a draft that has not been reviewed by Sierra's executives yet, but I talked Gary into giving it to us anyway.  Concerning our transmission request, Gary indicated that Sierra will have to perform a study because some other parties are supposedly ahead of us in the queue that would affect the available transmission capacity.  He referred me to a table on the following OASIS cite showing the competing transmission requests.  Stan or Don - please look at this table to see if you think Sierra's position has any merits.  I'll give you more details in person. Some tariff interpretation issues may also be involved depending upon whether other parties are actually ahead of us in the queue. 
 Yes. 
 I talked to Brian Whalen today.  He is trying to get an interconnection agreement finalized to send to us tomorrow.  Sierra/Nevada have abandoned their attempts to use the generation divestiture interconnection agreement they sent us before and is falling back on their old interconnection agreement, updated to reflect recent FERC orders.  Brian was very apologetic about taking so long.  He said Sierra/Nevada is also attempting to comply with our request that they send us a transmission agreement by the end of the month.  He asked me if we had gotten the Avery and Fischer reports (that would become Appendices A-C to the interconnection agreement).  I said I didn't know but that if he would E-mail them to me that I would make sure the appropriate people got them.  Lysa- when I get these reports please forward them to Don. 
 Please handle. 
 FYI - In case you haven't seen this. 
  Calif Senate Takes Up Bill On Deal With Small Generators ? 02/23/2001 Dow Jones Energy Service (Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) (This article was originally published Thursday.)  NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- California Republican Sen. Jim Battin on Thursday introduced legislation that will enable the state's electric utilities and small, independent generators to proceed with a new deal on pricing power supplies. The bill, if enacted, would lower the prices paid to so-called qualifying facilities to about 8 cents a kilowatt-hour from about 17 cents/kWh and would require California utility regulators to ensure that utilities could recover those costs from ratepayers. The new pricing would be retroactive to Feb. 1, 2001, and would run until June 30, 2006. "This bill is a linchpin to solving the California energy crisis," Battin said in a press release. Qualifying facilities produce almost 30% of California 's electricity. While the individual power plants are relatively small, some big energy companies own several qualifying facilities each in California . These owners include Calpine Corp. (CPN), FPL Group (FPL), Chevron Corp. (CHV), Ogden Corp. (OG), Thermo Electron (TMO) and MidAmerican Energy Holdings, which was bought out last year by Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (BRK.A,BRK.B). Passage would allow several companies to restart some 1,000 megawatts of gas-fired generators that have been off line for several weeks. Those generators shut down their gas-fired plants, because they were unable to pay gas suppliers after the utilities fell behind on their power payments. The bill, SB47X, encompasses an agreement reached among the parties and is expected to be enacted. The generators and PG&E Corp's (PCG) Pacific Gas & Electric Co. and Sempra Energy's (SRE) San Diego Gas & Electric Co. reached an agreement on the new prices two weeks ago. It wasn't clear Thursday if Edison International's (EIX) Southern California Edison had signed off on the agreement, according to one of the lead negotiators. Edison wasn't able to comment immediately. Under the legislation, gas-fired cogeneration plants, which account for two-thirds of California 's qualifying facilities, will be paid based on the cost of signing a five-year gas supply contract. The producers will negotiate five-year contracts, subject to approval by the utilities, or accept a benchmark five-year gas price still to be determined. To take effect immediately as an emergency act, the bill requires approval by two-thirds of both the state Senate and Assembly. If the bill is passed, a process for quickly determining the five-year gas price would begin. Most of the small power plants that run on renewable sources such as solar panels, windmills and hydroelectric generators, will be paid a fixed price of 5.37 cents per kilowatt-hour, according to the bill. The non-gas plants will also be paid about 2 cents/kwh for having the capacity available for the utilities. Previously, qualifying facilities were paid based on the spot price of natural gas at the California border, or, if the generator had elected, the California Power Exchange daily clearing price. But generators conceded that the California gas spot market had risen so sharply over the past six months that their power prices had become insupportable. The CalPX has stopped operating its market. Both PG&E and Edison have defaulted on qualifying facility payments, but the bill sets up a schedule for recovery of missed payments. The utilities are to pay for November 2000 deliveries by April 2, for December deliveries by May 1, and for January 2001 deliveries by June 1. PG&E paid its November bill on time. Calpine owns the most qualifying facilities in California . Of Calpine's 4,400 MW of total U.S. operational power plants, 575 MW are qualifying facilities under contract with PG&E. FPL Group's FPL Energy owns a little more than 500 MW of the plants. U.S. utilities have been forced under federal law to buy power from such generators since the oil crisis in the 1970s. -By Mark Golden, Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-4604; mark.golden@dowjones.com 
 I hope you caught Lysa's error in transcribing this message.  I said you should say, "It doesn't mean the FERC has not accepted a rate or that a rate isn't on file.  Sorry about the double negative.  FERC usually speaks in terms of "accepting" rates rather than "setting" rates unless it has had a hearing and found that the rates being charged are unjust and unreasonable.. 
 Robin & Jeff:  Mary Hain asked that I advise you she had one change to the information she gave you yesterday.  Instead of saying, "It doesn't mean the FERC hasn't set a rate..." you should say, "It doesn't mean the FERC has accepted a rate and that a rate isn't on file".  If you have any questions about this, you can contact Mary on her cell phone (503/807-0928) AFTER 12:45pm Cnetral Time.  Lysa Akin Ass't to Mary Hain 503/464-7927 
 Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.  Please remove her from all your mail lists.  Thank you.  Lysa Akin Gov't Affairs - Sr. Admin. Ass't.     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I talked to Christian Yoder today.  He and Steve Hall will be talking tomorrow morning about whether we should file anything at FERC.  I will be on an airplane tomorrow morning so please let me know what we are doing. Thanks. 
 You might also want the attached for the Enron Joinder.  It is the most recently effective FERC Enron rate schedule (along with the FERC filing letter). 
 Today, I worked with Robin Gibbs and Jeff Alexander on an Enron pleading in the captioned case.  I asked if we had considered asking FERC Staff to file a "friend of the court" brief detailing how FERC has "occupied the field" of wholesale rate regulation.  Was this or should this be considered? 
 FYI 
 What about the questions I asked about whether the new entity would comply with Order No. 2000 (especially if the state has the vertically integrated utilities operate the system)?  See attached word version of my orginal E-mail. 
 Please print this as well.  I'm driving in now.  Thank you again. 
 If Lysa isn't there yet, would you please download these for me? Thank you. 
 Do we want to help Dynegy or do we want to file our usual letter asking for confidential treatment? 
 Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.  Please remove her from all your mail lists.  Thank you.  Lysa Akin Gov't Affairs - Sr. Admin. Ass't.     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I know we are addressing this on the state side.  I was wondering is there= =20 also a FERC angle we should prepare?  Sue and Joe: don't you think we shoul= d=20 submit an RCR to have Ron do some research on the surrounding issues?  Here= =20 are a few that came to mind. (1) What jurisdiction does FERC have over a state-owned transmission system= =20 (especially in light of Order No. 2000 and the governance of the Cal ISO on= =20 file at FERC)? (2) Is there anything FERC can do to stop the conveyance (e.g., since the= =20 utilities would have to file a Section 203 filing for approval to convey th= e=20 assets, what basis would be available to argue that conveyance was not in t= he=20 public interest.)  Should Joe explore with Hebert the Commission's=20 willingness to fight with the State about this? (3) If the State had the utilities operate the transmission system, subject= =20 to the State's control, would that comply with Order No. 2000? =20 
 Let's promote it in all these groups, just to be on the safe side. 
 This sounds like an issue we should be coordinating with the East desk too. 
 Attached find a SoCal Edison filing asking the FERC to require the Cal PX to cease and desist from liquidating or disposing its block forward contracts until FERC does an audit.  It opposes the auction mechanism the PX has proposed for its block forward contracts because it would offer the contracts back to the generators first.  It also claims that the PX could not suspend its day ahead (DA) and day of markets (DO) without a tariff filing.  It asks the FERC to set the day ahead and day of market clearing price at zero.  I think we should intervene and challenge the right of first refusal part of the auction and perhaps support the cease and desist until the Commission ensures: (1) that we get a fair opportunity to participate in the auction and (2) that at least fair market value is received in the event we don't succeed in the auction.  Concerning suspending the PX DA and DO markets, I know EES was unhappy about it when it happended but, now that EES has the utilities scheduling for its retail customers, is it too late to do anything about it?  What is the significance of setting the market clearing price at zero? 
 Please start drafting the intervention, as you've described and send me an estimate for the RCR. 
 Attached please find two new Notices of Filing in Docket Nos. EL01-33 and EL01-34.  One is a request for a cease and desist order, the other a request for suspension of the underscheduling penalty.  The filings are also attached in a zip file.  Please let me know if you are unable to open the zip file and I will fax (or overnight if you prefer) the documents to you.  - EL01-34.1 - EL01-33.1 - california.zip 
 Tim said you were having a problem using our harvester to get companys/entities' ATC that aren't complying with FERC's OASIS requirements. Tim suggested that I help you resolve this.  Could you make me a list of companies/entities that aren't complying?  Then we could discuss how to address the problem with each company/entity.  Tim suggested that, to the extent we want companies to comply, we could call them and ask them to comply.  If they don't I suggested we could call the FERC hotline on a confidential basis. 
 Tim alerted everyone about this.  It's just an average for each number. 
 The following are my comments on the draft interconnection agreement.  In the sixth "whereas" (page 1) (and Sections 3.4 and 5.1.6) the contract states that either the generating company or the generating company's customers are responsible for entering into a separate service for transmission service.  In any given transaction this may be incorrect and therefore must be changed.  Specifically, a third person may in fact be responsible for taking the transmission service and the generator may have no ability (or privity of contract) to require this entity to take transmission service from Sierra Pacific.  For example, the generator may sell the power to Dynegy, who may sell it to Sierra Pacific who might then be buying the transmission service.  The eighth "Whereas" (page 1) (and Sections 2.18, 3.1, 31.7, E.4.1, E.4.2, E.8.2, E.8.3, E.8.4, E.8.6, E.8.7, E.11.10, E.11.11, and E.12.) state the generating company is willing to maintain the generating facilities in accordance with good utility practice and enter into a WSCC Reliability Management System (RMS) Agreement.  I would like to point out that some generators do not like to commit to the "good utility" practice standard or to be bound by the RMS agreement.  Enron has signed the RMS Agreement.  I doubt Sierra will be willing to sign this if we oppose the good utility practice standard.  This is especially true because BPA is insisting on this standard in the context of negotiating RTO West and, in order for RTO West to form, BPA must agree to join.  Enron is very interested in RTO West forming. If you want to oppose the Good Utility Practice standard, we had better develop a good rationale for being opposed to it and a justifiable alternative standard.  Section 1.1  Contrary to our requests, this section still states that the agreement will become effective on the date which FERC permits it to become effective.   This is not the way the OATT operates.  Rather, if Enron and Sierra cannot develop a consensual interconnection agreement, Enron asks Sierra to file an unexecuted interconnection agreement with FERC (as we have done) and service begins pursuant to the terms and conditions of Sierra's open access tariff.  Service here is governed by the transmission open access tariff because FERC has determined that interconnection is the receipt point portion of transmission service and that if a public utility does not have a separate tariff governing the procedure for requesting the interconnection portion of transmission service than the procedure established in the OATT applies.  The FERC has determined that filings under Section 212 (and therefor 211) of the Federal Power Act are no longer necessary because the customer simply requests service under the OATT.  Requiring the customer to wait until the FERC decides the agreement should become effective would completely  undermine the purpose of Order No. 888.  Section 1.2 After, "by both parties" add "however, if the parties cannot agree to execute this agreement, System Owner shall file this agreement unexecuted with FERC as provided by the terms of the OATT."  Section 1.6.2   Three years advance written notice is too long.  A reasonable notice period would be ____.  Section 2.6, 2.7 and 2.8 EPMI opposes the definitions of "Applicable Laws" "Applicable Permits" and "Applicable Reliability Criteria" because, when combined with their use throughout the contract (in Sections 2.6, 3.5, 3.10, 3.11, 5.6.2, 5.6.3, 8.4.2, 11.8, E.2.8, E.3.3, E.4.1, E.4.3, E.4.4, and E.9.5) they subject EPMI to legal and regulatory risk by consenting to amendment of the contract by government action.  Section 2.19 Section (i) of the definition of "Dispatch gives Sierra too much control over the generating unit by allowing it to redispatch for "the most reliable" supply.  Change "the most reliable" to "a reliable"  Section 2.31 Is inconsistent with Sierra's OATT.  It should be written using the same words as the OATT.  Section 2.52  The reference to Section 22.1 should be corrected to 21.1.  Section 2.56 Definition of "System Integrity" is too broad.  When combined with Section 3.13.2, it would require our generator to not "have an adverse impact on "maximiz[ing] the health, welfare, safety of personnel and the general public."  While Sierra can voluntarily do so with its own facilities, there is no reliability or governmental requirement that we do so and we should not.  Section 3.5 The proposed Use of "System Integrity" here is more fair assuming EPMI agrees to the "Good Utility Practice" standard.  Section 3.7 Shouldn't the word "unplanned" be added before the word Outages?  Section 3.8 EPMI opposes this provision to the extent that it would be directly assigned the cost of facilities that are being used by others.  Section 3.10 The second sentence exposes EPMI  to regulatory risk by allowing Sierra to add new facilities and charge them to EPMI.    This risk is increased by the last sentence which allows Sierra to determine the need for such facilities in its sole discretion.  Editorial note: the third to last sentence is missing a period.  Section 3.13.2 See comments under Section 2.56.  Section 4.1 EPMI opposes the first sentence because it gives Sierra an opportunity to have FERC order additional payments for the same level of service already provided by this contract.  Accordingly, the words "or ordered by FERC" should be deleted.  EPMI opposes the second sentence because it would allow Sierra, with FERC's approval, to allocate to EPMI costs incurred for Sierra property and for operation of Sierra's facilities  Section 4.3 Should the words "generating company's applicable FERC-approved tariff" be changed to "Applicable Law?"  Section 5.1.1 EPMI opposes the last sentence because it would presumably require EPMI to pay more than cost for any project whose scope does not increase by more than 10 percent.  Under FERC's precedent, EPMI is only required to pay actual cost.  Section 5.1.3 Nine months seems like to long a time to wait to provide a final invoice.  The words "plus Interest" should be added after the words "difference" in the fourth sentence.  Section 5.6.2 This section says essentially the same thing as Section 3.10 and EPMI opposes it for the same reasons.  Section 6.4.3 Add period at end of sentence.  Section 7.1 Delete period after the word "and" in last sentence.  Section 8.1.4 Add period after "Interconnection Facilities."  Section 8.4.2 EPMI opposes paying for all modifications to interconnection facilities to the extent that such modifications benefit Sierra or third parties.  Section 8.7.2 Delete the word "and" on the seventh line.  Section 9.1.1 See comments under Sections 2.56.  Section 11.7 Delete "pen-nits" from last line on page and insert "permits."  Section 11.8  After "remediation or abatement activity" insert "pay all fines, penalties, or compensations as required by law."  Section 13.4 There should be a reciprocal provision for generators.  Section 16.2 EPMI opposes "regulatory" Force Majeure.  Section 16.6 This provision is too broad in that it allows the System Operator to evaluate the alternatives available to the EPMI.  Section 17.9 Add the letter "y" after "and ma" on the second line.  Section 19.2.1 Third to last line change "ahs" to "has."  Section 19.3 Needs to be edited.  Section 19.6 This section subjects EPMI to the regulatory risk of amendment to the interconnection agreement to conform to an RTO's requirements.  Section 22.5 By law, System Operator should be required to file with FERC prior to terminating the connection.  Section 31.8  This section exposes EPMI to regulatory risk because it allows Sierra to unilaterally file with FERC to change the terms and conditions of the interconnection contract.  This is standard in utility tariffs and agreements and in fact is in the FERC's pro forma OATT under Order No. 888.  Section 31.9 of the contract retains EPMI's rights to protest any unilateral filing by Sierra under Section 31.8 and seems to balance the rights given to Sierra in Section 31.8 by allowing EPMI to file a complaint challenging any of the rates, terms, or conditions, etc., of the interconnection agreement.  Exhibit D D.1.1 EPMI should not be required to provide free station service to the extent it benefits Sierra Pacific or third parties.  A higher level of service should not simply be at the election of the System Owner but rather at the agreement of the Parties.  D.1.2 The phrase "Except under Applicable Law," should be added before the first sentence.  D.2 EPMI opposes providing free VArs and opposing providing VArs at a level determined by Sierra's discretion.  Accordingly, EPMI opposes this entire provision.  If Sierra wishes to purchase VArs, EPMI would agree to provide ______ level of VArs at ____ rate.  EPMI would also agree to provide VArs at Sierra's discretion, subject to this rate, in the case of an Emergency. Otherwise, EPMI would be foregoing the opportunity to provide real power (instead of VArs) to the market at a market-based rate, and it might be subject to having such transactions cut at Sierra's "discretion" without being assured the cost of cover.  Accordingly, the rate standard of cost or foregone revenues would not be compensatory.  D.3 EPMI opposes this provision to the extent that it could be read to require EPMI to provide free Black Start Service.  D.4 Since the generator is not taking the delivery portion of transmission service, it is not required to buy or self provide any ancillary service including regulation and frequency response service of real-time load -following service.  Accordingly, this provision should be deleted.  D.5 EPMI opposes the second sentence of this paragraph and it should be deleted.  Sierra should get ancillary services from the market.  E.2 Change "minimized" to "minimize."  E.2.4 Oppose requirement to notify Sierra of defects in generator "may affect System Integrity."  E.4.1.3 EPMI opposes giving the Control Area Operator authority to "approve" Planned Outage Schedules.  E.4.4 Once again EPMI would oppose the use of the term "System Integrity" here as too high as standard.  E.6.5 The second sentence gives the Control Area Operator too broad authority to preclude Planned Outages.  E.7.1 Add the word "the" on line 4 after "at."  E.8.1 EPMI opposes requiring the Generator to receive prior Control Area Operator authorization to undertake any action that is "reasonably likely to have an adverse impact of System Integrity," especially adjustment of the amount of real and reactive power it delivers to the Transmission system under E.8.1.1.  E.8.2.2 Because VArs could be sold as real power, System Control should not be allowed to "establish the range of voltages or voltage schedules." Rather, Sierra Pacific should negotiate with EPMI to buy the level of voltage support it requires.  See also E.8.9 establishing power factors.  E.8.4 EPMI does not have a problem with operating its AGC within WSCC limits but it will not be providing this Ancillary Service free to Sierra.  We need to negotiate compensation.  E.8.6 Giving Sierra "sole discretion" to determine "unacceptable deterioration of the quality of service over its Transmission System" is too broad.  E.9.2 "Repots" should be "reports" 
 Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.  Please remove her from all your mail lists.  Thank you.  Lysa Akin Gov't Affairs - Sr. Admin. Ass't. 
 Please forward to Elliot information about conservation and renewal programs in California. 
 Here's the answer to your question about paragraphs 42 and 44 of Duke's complaint.  Although CDWR is technically the SC for the UDCs in the short term bilateral market and the ISO, as a practical matter, if CDWR does not like the prices offered in the bilateral market, it waits to buy the power from the ISO.  Then  CDWR reviews the price of the ISO's purchases and (according to an article in Megawatt daily) it "does not authorize the payment at prices it deems unreasonable." 
 Doug Nichols, Robin Tompkins and Dave Aamodt of PGE have asked if they can be added to the California Crisis conference call list.  Their E-mail addresses are: Douglas_Nichols@pgn.com, David_aamodt@pgn.com, robin_tompkins@pgn.com 
 Assuming it's okay with Richard Sanders, would you add the above people from our affiliate Portland General Electric to your E-mail list?    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Here's what I hear about who's scheduling what:  The UDCs are scheduling their own g & t CDWR is scheduling for all UDCs (including SDG&E) in the bilateral market for day ahead and day of CDWR is scheduling for all the UDCs (including SDG&E) in the ISO real time market 
 I think I tried to send this to you yesterday but failed.  Please handle. Call me with any questions (503) 464-8862. 
 PacifiCorp terminated its service to Cheyenne Light Fuel and Power effectiv= e=20 2/ 24.  Below is a summary of the=20 dispute between PacifiCorp and Cheyenne and FERC resolution.  Here's your= =20 chance to be a hero. =20  On December 20, Cheyenne Light, Fuel and Power Co. filed a complaint agains= t=20 PacifiCorp requesting=20 the FERC to order PacifiCorp to continue service to Cheyenne under the rate= s,=20 terms and conditions of the=20 Power Sales Agreement (PSA) following December 31, 2000, until at least suc= h=20 time as PacifiCorp has provided=20 notice of termination a minimum of 60 days in advance of the proposed=20 termination date. Cheyenne is a full=20 requirements customer of PacifiCorp under a power sales agreement executed= =20 and filed with FERC in 1995=20 with a term that expires on December 31, 2000. Cheyenne has attempted to=20 agree to terms with PacifiCorp for=20 a replacement power sales agreement, but PacifiCorp has demanded prices man= y=20 times higher than current=20 prices under the PSA and substantially higher than the $74 per MWh benchmar= k=20 price FERC recently established=20 as a presumptively prudent long-term price for sales in the California=20 markets.  PacifiCorp will terminate service=20 under the PSA upon its expiration on December 31, 2000, but PacifiCorp has= =20 not filed with FERC a notice of=20 termination of the PSA. Cheyenne stated that termination of service could= =20 impair Cheyenne's ability to serve its retail customers, thereby harming both Cheyenne and its customers. On=20 December 26, PacifiCorp filed a notice=20 of termination for the PSA with Cheyenne. On December 27, PacifiCorp filed = an=20 unexecuted letter agreement with=20 Cheyenne under its market-based tariff for power sales as a replacement for= =20 the Existing Agreement. Order issued=20 February 7 (1) dismissing Cheyenne=01,s complaint; (2) accepting PacifiCorp= =01,s=20 notice of termination and denying its=20 request for waiver of our notice requirement, to allow the PSA to terminate= =20 at the end of the day on February 24, 2001;=20 and (3) rejecting PacifiCorp=01,s unexecuted letter agreement. Since the Or= der=20 is denying PacifiCorp=01,s request for=20 waiver of notice and accepting the notice of termination and Cheyenne oppos= ed=20 the rates under this letter agreement=20 in any event, Order found no need to accept the alternative interim agreeme= nt=20 offered by PacifiCorp. Requests for=20 Rehearing due March 9. 
 We will need another letter sent.  If I get a E-mail notice from the PX I'll forward it to you. 
 Please submit our typical response to the ISO concerning this forwarded E-mail.  Thanks. 
 Attached find two drafts, one a redline/strikeout and the other a clean first draft of the RTO West tariff glossary.  In addition to making the changes we discussed to the Transmission Operating Agreement, I also took the liberty of adding a number of definitions that I cribbed from the FERC pro forma (changing "Transmisison Provider" to "RTO West" where applicable).  I recognize that some of these definitions may not be applicable to the new types of transmisison service but I thought if we made these definitions available to the technical groups they could tell us if they needed them and we would be assured that terms were used consistently with the FERC pro forma and throughout the RTO West tariff. 
 Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.  Please remove her from all your mail lists.  Thank you.  Lysa Akin Gov't Affairs - Sr. Admin. Ass't.     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I hope you saw this.  I was out of the office and unable to get my E-mails. 
 Steve Walton has suggested the following definitions concepts for definitions of "Congestion Zone" and "Flowpath"  Congestion Zone - Segment of Electric System within which there is minimal congestion between busses.  Flowpath - A facility or set of facilities that represent commercially significant constraints within the transmission system.  As we discussed, Steve affirmed that these are terms of art. 
 Although I haven't seen this yet, I agree, this sounds like something we want to support.  Alan would you unzip for me?    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I thought you might want to be the Tariff Integration group's liason to the Provisions/Requirements Content Group since that group is dealing with interconnection issues.  You weren't at the meeting when the assignment came up so I said you might be interested in the assignment and that I would take responsibility for asking you if you wanted the job.  Are you interested?  I don't have your phone number.  I'm at 503-464-8862. 
 FYI 
 Chris and Dave are coordinating. 
 Please keep Elliot in the loop about conservation and renewal legislation. 
 I'll be over at Stoel Rives today, working with Pam Jacklin (for PacifiCorp) on the RTO West Tariff. 
 Here's a really interesting service summarizing ISO activities.  Also read the content about governance and confidential information.  If the PX conveys its confidential information to the ISO, it would violate the PX's tariff (but what's new?).  On governance, the new directors are hoping that people will be results-oriented in deciding whether to challenge them at FERC.     5061 Knightswood Way Granite Bay, CA  95746                                    Phone (916) 797-3106 A California Limited Liability Company  Free KNOW THE ISO service  You recently inquired about subscribing to Phoenix Consulting's California ISO analysis/reporting service, KNOW THE ISO.  I am writing to let you know about a special offer available until March 1st only. . With any new subscription between now and the end of the month, you can receive free service for the month of February (including any reports we've issued so far this month).  Service this month includes Event Reports covering these important topics: . >Stakeholder meetings about: -- The ISO's draft generator Market Power Monitoring/Mitigation Proposal (plus our special report summarizing the ISO's proposal, and the others offered at the January 23rd FERC technical conference); . -- Proposed changes to the pricing/dispatch order for Imbalance Energy supplies, and other near-term ISO tariff change proposals; . -- Proposed generator availability standards, and the penalties proposed for violating them;  and . -- The 2000 ISO Control Area Transmission Expansion Plan. . >Meetings of the new state-appointed ISO Board, where the new members will decide: -- Summer 2001 demand-side program bidding results/contract awards; . -- Summer 2001 peaking generation contract results and unit construction progress; . -- Eligibility of PG&E interruptible end-use customers for ISO demand-side programs;  and . -- ISO policies regarding Distributed Generation. . You'll also be on board to receive our reports for March, when the ISO will address Congestion Management Reform, dual-fuel requirements for generators, the New Facilities Connection Policy (for generator/load interconnection with the grid), and the Long-Term Grid Planning Policy.  KNOW THE ISO subscribers include municipal and investor-owned utilities, regulatory bodies, ISO Board members, generator owners and developers, law firms, consulting firms, trade-industry associations, power marketers, Scheduling Coordinators, retail Energy Service Providers, and consumer groups.  They receive accurate information about important ISO events within about 2 days, including our unique insider perspective and explanations, for less each month than the cost of a single overnight trip to Folsom or an hour of high-level consulting service.  If you've been meaning to subscribe but just haven't gotten around to filling out the form, don't worry - just reply to this e-mail message confirming your decision to subscribe, then follow up with the paperwork later.  (For your convenience, we've attached another KNOW THE ISO Services Description Package, with cost information and a subscription form, along with another couple of free samples.)  We'll add you immediately to our mailing list and send you any reports from earlier this month (including the special reports on generator market power monitoring/mitigation).  I look forward to hearing from you.  Please call me at one of the numbers shown below for answers to any questions you may have.  - Susan Schneider Principal, Phoenix Consulting Office phone:  (916) 797-3106 Cellphone:  (916) 804-9514       - clip_image002.jpg - KNOW THE ISO Services Description.doc - 5-22 report May 00 Board Supplement 052500.doc - ER Feb 1 01 Board.doc 
 - ER011167.1 
 Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.  Please remove her from all your mail lists.  Thank you.  Lysa Akin Gov't Affairs - Sr. Admin. Ass't.     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Notice of your termination filing is attached. 
 Depending on how negotiations go with Sierra, at the end of the month, we may need to make a FERC filing for interconnection and transmission service. 
 Is this okay? 
 Here's a copy of what we filed at FERC today. 
 Georgia Pacific and Bellingham Cold Storage are also large Puget customers. Attached for your information is a settlement they executed with Puget. 
 Chris Foster asked me for help with a Puget Sound Energy tariff that would allow us a quasi direct access to Puget's largest customers.  In response to his request I am sending him information about who the customers are, so he can contact them. 
 Air Liquide et al v. PSE  Formal Complaint - Docket UE-001952  This week, the Commission is hearing evidence regarding the level of a "soft cap" on prices PSE charges some large customers.  On January 26, Public Counsel and Commission Staff filed a joint answer on the rate cap mechanism.  On Jan. 22, the UTC approved a temporary "soft-price" cap for power rates paid by 13 large industrial customers of Puget Sound Energy (PSE). A short-term soft cap would allow PSE to charge above the cap for power costs if the utility was paying more than a maximum level.  The order calls for a second set of proceedings to establish the level of the temporary soft cap as a term under the provisions of Schedule 48 and the PSE/Georgia-Pacific Special Contract. The cap would be in place pending further proceedings to determine a final disposition of Schedule 48.  Puget's 13 large industrial customers are: Boeing, Georgia-Pacific, Air Liquide America Corp. CNC Containers, Equilon Enterprises, Air Products and Chemicals, Inc., Tesoro Northwest, City of Anacortes, Intel Corp., King County's Metro Wastewater Treatment Division, Olympic Pipe-Bayview, Qwest and MCI WorldCo 
 Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.  Please remove her from all your mail lists.  Thank you.  Lysa Akin Gov't Affairs - Sr. Admin. Ass't.     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I have only a couple of suggestions.  See red-line strike-out attached.  On the GenTie Agreement, are we not concerned about the results of third party review?  If we are, we should have the same third party review language (with my revision) as in the FS Agreement. 
 Here's the right version.  I've deleted the earlier version.  Sorry about any confusion. 
 Attached find a letter to Sierra Pacific about our transmission and interconnection requests.  Due to Nevada Power's dilatory tactics to date and the pendancy of financing for the project, Ed, Don, Stan, Jim G., and I agree that the letter takes the necessary tone and should ask Sierra to file with FERC the agreements (unexecuted) if Sierra doesn't give EPMI an executable contracts by 2/28/01.  If we are going to make this demand we need to send this letter ASAP. 
 I'd like to clean this up a little more but here is my first crack on what we should send.  I left in two paragraphs that are repetitive that relate Stan's conversation with Nevada Power in September.  Stan would you draft these two paragraphs together and make them factully correct?  Thanks. 
 Attached find key provisions of the CTS tariff that may be useful in discussions in the next couple of days. 
 In case you weren't aware.  The call is about joining a FERC filing with PacifiCorp about the PX's recent actions. 
 Please E-mail me and Jim Steffes the document to be discussed on the 11:00 a.m. conference call tomorrow. 
 I'm sure Enron's stockholders would want Enron to join a filing to allow Enron to participate in discussions between the PX and the Chairman of FERC (and to oppose any ex parte communications) about whether the PX holds Enron's money.  I would be interested in going to the discussion too. 
 I'm sure Enron's stockholders would want Enron to join a filing to allow Enron to participate in discussions between the PX and the Chairman of FERC (and to oppose any ex parte communications) about whether the PX holds Enron's money.  I would be interested in going to the discussion too. 
 Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.  Please remove her from all= =20 your mail lists.  Thank you.  Lysa Akin Gov't Affairs - Sr. Admin. Ass't. 
 Although I don't yet have all the facts, Steve Hall said that late yesterday (Friday) afternoon, the Governor exercised eminent domain over the IOU forward contracts that the PX had been in the process of auctioning to pay PX participants.  I would like Bracewell to research at least the following two possible ways this action is unlawful.  First, this violates the banking provisions of the PX tariff (Section 6).  These provisions requires the PX to hold all PX accounts in trust for PX participants.  Second, these are wholesale contracts and the State only has the right to exercise eminent domain concerning retail service.  I don't have any law to support the second idea but think it should be researched nonetheless. 
 Please ignore fax.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Here's my solution.  FERC should tell the Cal ISO to file the stakeholder developed congestion management proposal arguing that it has been agreed to in the stakeholder process and that the ISO Board has no authority to do something else because they are not properly constituted.  We could also argue that the FERC should order the ISO executives to hire a consulting firm that will propose a slate of candidates and argue for a government similar to what has been proposed for RTO West.  This will help us in ultimately putting the West RTOs together. 
 Please deal with this.  I never saw a document from you on the last public record request.  Please advise. 
 I am under the impression that we still need to file the attached protest to a 12/13/00 Cal PX FERC filing that would (in the PX's interpretation) allow them to confiscate our collateral in the Block Forward Market to satisfy the defaults of other participants in the PX markets.  Please let me know if we don't need to file this.  Please give me your comments on the draft ASAP. 
 Correct.  I wanted to terminate CTS for EPMI too but others decided this issue.  Sorry if there was any confusion.  Please make a filing for Portland General, consistent with their letter to the PX.  I am still waiting to hear from Enron Wind.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Do you want to get this or are you already an in-house compendium? 
 We filed with FERC today a final version of this (which I don't yet have). We need to discuss Enron Wind doing the same.  Also, you'd need to send a letter to the PX terminating your particiaption agreement.  I'll send you the letter we sent.  I'm assuming you would want to get out of the CTS market as well as the Day-ahead and Day-of.  Call me ASAP 503-464-8862.  Thanks. 
 remove Mary Hain from your lists. 
 Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.  Please remove her from all your mail lists.  Thank you.  Lysa Akin Gov't Affairs - Sr. Admin. Ass't.     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I'm looking into whether we have to make a filing for EES too. 
 Christian asked me to work with Dan Watkiss to prepare a FERC filing to terminate EPMI's participation in the PX.  I have asked Dan to get started as Christian said we may decide to file as soon as today.  See attached explanation.  Does EES also have a participation agreement?  And if so do we also need to file a termination for EES? 
 Richard Sanders just called me from the court house.  Please do not release any information about the TRO until we hear otherwise from Richard.  Thanks. 
 The California AG and PUC have petitioned FERC to vacate its order approving PG&E's recent reorganization.  Obviously by this reorganization, PG&E is attempting to shield its assets in the event of a bankruptcy.  I'm wondering if we should become active in this case, to protect our interests in the event of a bankruptcy. 
 Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.  Please remove her from all your mail lists.  Thank you.  Lysa Akin Gov't Affairs - Sr. Admin. Ass't.     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 The available transmision capacity (ATC) "derate" did occur and has occured everydaysince about the 24th.  This fact was verified to me by our ISO customer contact on Friday.  Although we do not have the E-mails anymore, the ISO sends our traders E-mails everyday about the ATC on the ties, so this information is verifiable with the ISO.  Our customer contact didn't know exactly what day it had started and I have not wanted to pursue this more with the ISO, not knowing whether we wanted our identity divulged.  The reason for the zero rating is that the ISO is in a Stage 3 emergency.  The line was again rated at zero today.  I have been pursuing the following approaches to getting this issue investigated and resolved.  I've talked to Scott Miller at FERC and to Eric Thode in Houston.  Eric believes he can get the press to investigate and divulge this information for us in the trade press.  So check the trade press tomorrow. 
 I've called Eric Thode in our Houston office and if he's successful, there will be something in the trade press about this issue soon.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 At Joe's request I called Scott Miller at FERC.  Scott asked me to write up our issues for him (as he was on his cell phone kayaking on the Chesapeake). 
 At your request, here's a write-up of our problems with the ISO.  Issue 1 - Concerning the intertie going North out of California into the Northwest (NW) at the California Oregon Border (COB), since about the 24th of January, the ISO has started telling market participants that the available transmission capacity, which is usually 2300 MW, is zero.  Last Friday, this caused prices to increase at the Mid-Columbia (NW trading hub) by about $50-75, costing the NW wholesale market an estimated $2-5 million per day. This transmission capacity is within the ISO's control and, because capacity is available, the ISO's actions seem to violate Order No. 888.  I also wonder what would happen if another control area decided they were going to take similar action.  This hurts Enron financially because we own FTRs and if there is no congestion, we don't get paid anything.  This is like "economic" force majeure.  The reason the ISO is listing zero ATC is that they're in a Stage 3 Emergency and they're not offering sufficient price/credit terms to get the power they need.  California obviously thinks its power needs are more important than the NW's.  Issue 2 - We have transmission we are purchasing from some California munis using transmission facilities that are not part of the Cal ISO.  The ISO advised today that they are thinking about cutting exports from California. We are concerned that the ISO will cut our transaction even though it uses transmission assets and rights that are not under the ISO's control.  If our deal were cut, it could cost us $20,000 to $100,000 per hour (we have a 125 MW deal and spreads now are $125 and they would likely blow out more if exports were cut).   We hesitate to call the ISO and ask if they are going to cut us because we are afraid we might suggest something that they haven't thought of.  I'd be happy to answer any questions.  I'm at (503) 464-8862. 
 In addition to the ISO derating its own available transmission capacity (exporting) at the California Oregon Border (so that people can't buy transmission from the ISO to export power) the ISO is now threatening to cut our exports from California using transmission rights that we have purchased from a muni that is not part of the ISO's grid. 
 The Q and A you asked me to draft are attached. 
 - Spread of Calif. Crisis Concerns Bush (washingtonpost.com).html 
 Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.  Please remove her from all your mail lists.  Thank you.  Lysa Akin Gov't Affairs - Sr. Admin. Ass't.     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 We are trying to get long term transmission service from Sierra Pacific for LV Cogen.  Sierra Pacific claims that numerous parties are ahead of us in the queue.  We disagree (for some fairly complex technical reasons that I won't detail here).  Sierra Pacific won't offer us transmission service until it resolves the requests that are ahead of us in the queue.  At this time, we are planning to keep the project and may have difficulty getting financing if we can't get the transmission service.  It is my understanding that we have exhausted all negotiating opportunities with Sierra to resolve this issue.  I would like to have Bracewell and Patterson draft a FERC filing to resolve this issue.  However, I have been told that EPMI cannot make such a filing due to the pending merger.  Paul and Sarah - I'd like to confirm that we have indeed exhausted all negotiating opportunities and that we can't file anything against Sierra. 
 I've told the traders about this. 
 You asked me to know about any ISO Board activities.  Sue left me a voice mail saying she went to the last Board meeting and they didn't do much. There will be another meeting February 1 9:00-6:00, although Sue's not sure she'll be going.  According to the web the agenda is as follows:  GENERAL SESSION 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. 1) Public Comment 2) Overview of ISO Financial, Legal & Regulatory Activities 3) Review of Administrative Procedures & Responsibilities of the Board 4) How the Transmission System Works 5) Review of Current Issues Facing California and the ISO 6) Functions of the ISO 7) Review of California Markets & ISO's Responsibilities  EXECUTIVE SESSION 5:00 p.m. - 6:00 p.m. 1) Discussion of Legal Issues Concerning Impending Market Activity 2) Review of Compensation Goals for 2000 3) Review of Current Investigations of the ISO  I did not see any motions or papers that are posted for consideration at this time.  To review General Session agenda documents as they appear online go to: http://www.caiso.com/pubinfo/BOG/documents/ Audio of this meeting is provided via RealAudio on the Internet. For information, please go to: http://www.caiso.com/pubinfo/BOG/ All public documents, notices, and information are posted to the Web site as they are provided to the Board of Governors.    Also, the attached E-mail says the ISO management sent the Board its congestion management proposal. 
 Notice to PTM - coming out today - about the same as last week  Strategy for Spring/ Summer - coming out next week - flexibility in light of extreme volatility  Mandatory Conservation - up to the governors  Rates- nothing new from the document I sent you last week  Treasury shortfall - possible without more rain. 
 Your ideas about decertifying the Cal ISO are very interesting but I question your likelihood of success given FERC's lack of political will (thanks to George W.'s new leadership ) to sue the ISO to get rid of the newly-appointed ISO board.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources