 Peter,  Credit just blessed these transactions.  Give me a call in the morning and we can confirm them.  Thanks. Keith 
 James,  I haved deleted those files.  Sorry for any inconvience this may have caused.  I think I inadvertantly created two new sub folders which I was unathorized to delete.  Keith 
 Thanks for the e-mail.  I'm excited to come visit in Nov.  However, this "bring your wallet" idea doesn't fit well with my new "I'm a cheap-skate mode". Oh well, what's a few bucks...money well spent to hang with a good buddy London.  Nov 2, or Nov 5 work fine, its upto you.  Well I've got to cut this short, Calpine is out banging on some N-M.  Cheers KH 
 Neither Mike nor I have interviewed Scott before.  Our connection to Scott came through a very strong recommendation from our West-Power trading desk in Portland.  We are interested in Scott because his west power experience is directly related to the west gas market that Mike and I trade.  I don't mean to be a pain.  If this is unconventional, Mike and I will make seperate arrangements for Scott to meet with us.  Thanks Keith 
 Karen,  Mike Grigsby and I would really appreciate being two of the interviewers of Scott on the 29th if that's not to difficult to arrange.  Thanks 
 Jeff,  Lets make dinner plans to discuss this.....Just kidding.  While Scott was here, we arranged for him to be included in the Oct 29th Trading Track interviews.  This seems to be the best thing for him given that he really wants to become a trader.  Once in the program, he'll have 4 rotations (6 months each), some of these would likely be on the west desk.  Mike and I have talked and both agree that it makes good sense for Scott to join west gas given his experience in Portland.  However, the only hitch is that Mike cannot unilaterally decide to bring Scott to the desk.  He will need to negotiate this with the other desk heads and the program director.  This should not be an issue.  Keith 
 Mike,  Following is a west fundies update.  We have not yet produced an abundance of finished product, but several great projects are in the development stage.  These projects are making nice progress even though it may not be visible to the casual observer.  PRODUCTION  This effort is being led by Tori and supported by both Jay and myself.  Gaskill's staff will be providing most of the manpower.  The concept is to design a model which takes a methodical and scientific approach in forecasting: (1) declines of existing production,  (2) increases due to drilling.  Existing production  Using externally provided production data, we are in the process of dividing production into zones of like characteristics.  Each zone will be identified by: Basin --> Reservoir --> Formation.  Analysis will be done at the zone level to determine its unique depletion curve.  This curve will be extrapolated to forecast future production from existing wells.  New production  From rig count data (or completion data if we buy the more expensive database) we can determine which "zone" a new well is targeting.  Forecasted production can then be determined by applying a recent historical success ratio and the corresponding depletion curve identified in the preceding step.  The difficult component to forecast with great accuracy is future drilling.  Our current thinking is a calculation that considers forward prices, drilling costs (which are increasing since all the "easy wells" have already been drilled), and common required rates of return.  Unresolved  Determining the specific plants which will be affected by depletions and new drilling is an unresolved issue.  The reciepient plant for new drilling may be identified in public records or we may be able to use rig coordinates to determine the closest and most likely plant.  Depletions may be more difficult as I am unsure if the well data can be readily cross-referenced with the corresponding plants.  DEMAND  This effort is being led by Mat Smith and supported by Jason Huang and myself.  Our near-term goals are to refine the existing California model and to develop similar models for the PNW, DSW, and RM.  Jason Wolfe is facilitating data collection and interpretation for the PNW.  I will likely recruit Billianna to follow suit in the DSW.  Jason Huang is moving to Gaskill's group, however, he will still have some involvement in this project.  I still intend on recruiting an individual from the research group, but feel that it is best to have the other regions "framed" (ie: model built) prior to bringing that person aboard.  His role will be to refine our technique and mathematics.  Data collection and interpretation  Much of the needed data is already in place, however some work remains.  Our existing NWPL histories consist of a handfull of compressor flows; demand is calculated by subtracting the downstream flow from the upstream flow.  This "rough"  method works, but the downsides are: (1) this calculated number includes changes in line pack and therfore true demand is hidden; (2) we are forced to break NWPL into arbitrary regions determined by the placement of compressors.  Jason W. is working on collecting flows at every meter on the pipe.  This will afford a much more accurate reading of true demand devoid of linepack changes and significantly better regression analysis will result.  Jason is also looking at a more meaningful way of dividing the pipe into demand zones.  El Paso's system does not provide flows at individual meters, but we have recently discovered that several years of actual flows for pre-determined zones are available.  (Phoenix area, Tucson area, and El Paso City area).  Monique was working on uploading this data into our database.  I think Bilianna can pick up where Monique left off.  An ongoing process will be to drill into the various demand zones to gain a better understanding of specific drivers of that demand.  ie: weather sensitive load, industrial load and related economic factors, etc...  PNW, DSW, and RM regression analsysis  Two hurdles have prevented us from moving forward on this front.  First, the data collection discussed above-- this process should be complete within two weeks.  Second, our intention is to use Portland's power demand forecasts as a variable in our gas demand models.  Mat Smith needs to visit Portland to gain a comprehensive understanding of these load forecasts.  He has a trip scheduled for the end of October.  Provided things go according to plan, we should have "rough" models in place by mid-November.  At that time I will look to bring a research person aboard. 
 Don,  I wanted to bring to your attention the practice of EES traders transacting with ENA through our origination group. (At least in the SoCal basis which is the product I trade.)  This practice hurts both your business and ours as our marketers are adding origination.  EES incurs higher transaction costs and ENA may be losing out on deal flow because of inflated prices.  We addressed this issue several months ago by requesting that EES traders call our trading desk directly.  Assuming it was solved, I had not given it another thought.  Unfortunately, I have learned that this practice has been resurrected.  It is neither my place nor intention to tell you how to run your group, so I am requesting that you put an end to it on your side.  We are committed to providing liquidity at market prices to your desk.  Sincerely, Keith Holst 
 Mike Grigsby and I wish to recommend Scott Freeman for the October 29th trading track interviews.  Scott has accepted an analyst position with Enron and will be starting full-time in January, however, he worked as an intern this past summer with West-Power Trading in Portland and comes highly recommended.  Scott's phone number is 512-294-7692.  Please let me know if you anything else from us.  Thanks, Keith Holst 
 Tim,  We definitely appreciate any time that Steve is able to spare.  If you like, I will ask Mat coordinate his travel plans with Steve.  Also, if Steve made his rework documentation available, Mat would become familiar with it prior to his trip.  Keith 
 Vince,  We are searching for an individual to join the west gas trading desk on a temporary basis to lead the development of a comprehensive energy demand model.  Mike Roberts suggested that a member from your research team might be a good fit.  Our vision is to develop a consumption model for the western states (WSCC) which merges factors from natural gas and electricity markets.  This model would consider but may not be limited to: weather, electricity loads, a generation stack and commodity prices (hyrdo, coal, nuclear, oil, etc...), electricity transmission across regions, and predictable non-economic behavior patterns.  This individual would receive extensive exposure to our commercial environment and would have significant support from team members on our desk.  Two members of our team have started this project and I am very excited by the scope and depth that can be achieved with your help.  Please let me know if you are interested.  Sincerely, Keith Holst 
 Peter,  Enron's credit department is reviewing the proposed transactions.  We will have a response tonight.  Keith 713-853-7069 
 how about monday and tuesday? 
 John,  This is not a critical matter, but one you may want to consider when you get a moment.  Brent Dornier is an analyst who is moving back to Houston from London.  He has been invited to join the trading track program and was scheduled to spend the first rotation on the west desk.  I met him face to face in London a few weeks ago and think he is exceptionally strong.  In the event that we are cutting people from the team and Brent is overlooked I think you should consider meeting him yourself.  Keith 
 Andrew,  Please e-mail a phone number were I can give you a call in a few minutes....Need travel advice.  Keith 
 Andy,  Coincidentally, I will be visiting London November 9th-11th and thought I might visit Enron's offices.  I am unaware of Amerax's penetration into the UK energy markets, but they are among the top three in North America.  As far as brokers go, Scott does a good job.  He is straight forward and honest and consequently was getting the largest share of our business in the west.  If you are interested, I would be happy to introduce you to Scott during my trip.  My schedule is fairly flexible.  Keith 
 Sounds good.  I'll plan on arriving to the office just after lunch and follow your lead on the beers.  Keith 
 Rita:  In an effort to handle these matters in an efficient and coordinated manner, we have assigned Geoff Storey as the Enron point person.  I am forwarding your request to him.  Geoff can be reached at 713-853-7058.  Please let me know if I can help in any way.  Thanks Keith 
 FU, u stupid b-tch. 
 Geoff:  Attached is J.Aron's request and their exposure to Enron.  Rita has not already found a suitable offset as she felt it was most appropriate to get our permission first.  PLease make go away.  Also, I received a similar request from David Dutch at Entergy-Koch.  Please call him at 713-544-5580.  Make this go away too.  Finally, find paper I put on your desk from Harrison wtih Sempra.  Have fun Sweet Pea!!! 
 Ron,  We are interviewing Brent Dornier for a position on the West gas trading desk and understand that he worked for you in the past.  We seek an individual who possesses exceptional computer skills, is able to complete projects with very little guidance, and has some commercial awareness.  Is Brent our man?  Keith Holst 713-853-7069 
 Margaret,  I do wish to renew my visa, however, the system has deleted your previous e-mail containing the questionnaire.  Could you please resend this and a list of other requirements.  I will turn the paper work around in 24 hours.  I am unsure how to respond to the following questions:  6.   U.S. Alien registration number.....unsure what this is  7.   Address outside U.S....................I have severed Canadian residency for tax purposes.  Can I answer N/A?  11. Complete legal name and address of Enron affiliate......similar to #7.  I have severed all ties to Canada, including Enron Canada.  Entire section on "Current postino abroad"....similar issue as described in #11.   Sorry for the inconvience this has caused.  Thanks Keith 
 Nobody is better than you George!!!!!  Thanks Keith 
 Brent:  Phillip Allen passed your resume to me.  I would like to discuss the possibilty of you spending your first rotation in Houston with Mike Grigsby and myself on the west natural gas trading desk.  I understand that you are a trading candidate and a rotation on the west desk would fulfill one of the program requirements.  I will be in London November 9th, please let me know if you can spare a few minutes.  Thanks Keith Holst 713-853-7069 
 Going to Scotland for the weekend....Why the hell are you moving back to Houston?  In 2 months you'll be going to Galveston for the weekend.  Anyway, I'm arriving early Friday morning and plan on reaching Enron around 1:00 PM.  If it works for you, lets plan on meeting around 1:30 PM.  Keith 
 Zac  We are looking forward to having you join our team.  I will be out of the office Friday, returning Monday.  Keith 
 John,  Let me begin by recognizing that you are now entrusted to resolve issues that were not of your own creation.  I also appreciate the tremendous amount of stress that you have been under especially considering the birth of your second child.  I do not envy you now, yet I am sincerely grateful that it is you and Greg leading us through these times.  The message that you have sent throughout my six years with Enron has been "trust the system until it fails you".  We would all be disappointed if our troubled times were a result of a few (rather large) ill-conceived investments, but the violation of trust comes from the deliberate misrepresentation of facts.  Namely the restatement of earnings and balance sheet items back to 1997.  We have all based our decisions to continue employment with Enron upon publicly available information.  Has fraudulence been proven in a court of law?  No.  However, the court of public opinion has already had it its trial, the perpetrators have been convicted and the victims now await retribution.  In this matter, the corporation is responsible to the court of public opinions jurisdiction.  I write you now to offer my version of justice.  From 1997 to date I have received restricted stock and options with a notional value of approximately $700,000 (by memory).  At the end of each compensation period, I based my decision to continue my employment with Enron on all publicly available information.  This corporation has deliberately and knowingly misrepresented these facts.  Today, I call on Enron to repurchase