 Wahoo!!  go big red.  If we don't beat Miami, the BCS will never hear the end of it (they may not anyway but who cares).  Watch party at the Hyatt House on 1/3, you guys and spouses are invited.  Let me know if you can make it (yes, other Aggies will likely be attending). kh 
 student		Heriberto Salgada grade		5 teacher		Rodriguez  shirt size	14 pants		14 shoes		adult 6.5 - 7 (for sock size) favorite color	white / blue weight		59 inches weight		75 pounds  favorite subject	computers has 1 brother favorite stories	anything about cowboys If he had $25 he would buy: school supplies sports		soccer wants to be teacher when he grows up likes camping  Tracy, thanks for doing this.  Call me at 713-853-5559 if you have questions.  Kevin Hyatt 
 I verified the numbers with Ron, he did make the addition error.  I also added the line for the Red Hawk lateral as a separate item.  James had already run the economics using $843mm plus a 5% risk adjustment adder for the Capex for a total of $885mm.  I think we have enough pad in this thing to take care of the error.  kh 
 life is good, work sucks.  Things are a little tough, we judge the day by how many news trucks are parked outside.  We need a good natural disaster somewhere in the world to take the media heat off Enron.  Supposedly, the lead singer from Twisted Sister was in front of the building doing some kind of rap video.  Oh the depths we sunk to..... 
 thanks!!!!!!!!!!!1 
 is 2pm OK? 
 When you get the pages filled in for "supply", "Plants", and "pipeline", let's review to see how we want the summary to look. 
 Hope you're enjoying the parent visit!  Thanks for the VD card, that was cute.  If Jesse Jackson shows up here one more time, we're getting a group together and going downstairs to moon him. 
 602-250-2799, I don't have an email for him. 
 TW currently owns a section of pipe called the Gomez lateral located south of TW's West Texas #2 compressor station.  The lateral is approximately 35 miles long and is a 20-inch diameter pipeline.  The Gomez lateral is currently not in service and is filled with sweet gas.  Per Field Operations personnel, the last time the line was used was October 31, 2000.  Pioneer Gas Pipeline is an intratstate gathering and transmission company.  Pioneer has expressed a written interest in acquiring the lateral from TW for $2 million.  Current book value on the line is ______________ .  TW could file with FERC for abandonment of the pipe (and sale) under the existing blanket authority if: 1) no IT gas has flowed for the 12 months prior to effective date of the sale or; 2) no FT shipper has a firm receipt or delivery point on the lateral for the 12 months prior...If an FT shipper does have a valid contract on the lateral, then we would need to get the shipper to amend his contract to effectuate the sale.   Items to Verify: 1) Identify any entity currently having firm receipt or delivery rights on the Gomez lateral 2) Determine volume of gas in pipe and associated value for sale (field ops is checking)   Opportunities for TW: By Pioneer puchasing and integrating the lateral into their system, they can effectuate incremental supply deliveries into TW.  This would reduce the amount of gas necessary for TW to transport south of WT-2 (via displacement) and make more supply available for deliveries going west.  A lunch has been scheduled with Phil Allard from Pioneer on Wednesday 2/20 if you would like to attend. 
  Per our conversation today, when you folks get a chance, I need someone to verify the current pressure of the Gomez lateral and do a linepack calculation for me.  We are evaluating a potential sale of the lateral and need to know how much sweet gas is in the system.  Please let me know if an answer by Friday 2/22 is not possible.  thanks for the help Kevin Hyatt Director, Asset Development 713-853-5559 
 how many fingers am I holding up??    Glad to hear it went well.  Have a nice long weekend!!!!!!!!!1 
 Dennis-- Can you tell me, of the following POI's, which are active on any TW shipper contracts and who the shipper is, including contract number? Can I get this info by sometime Tuesday 2/19?  thanks, KH  POI 61206 500391 500392 9109 500241 500242 
 I'm checking that out now.  Western Gas, Sid Richardson, and Duke have all looked at it before. 
 When: Thursday, February 21, 2002 11:30 AM-12:30 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada).  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
    Development of Sonoran Pipeline Project Halted  02/15/2002 PR Newswire (Copyright (c) 2002, PR Newswire) HOUSTON, Feb. 15 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, L.P. (NYSE: KMP) and Calpine Corporation (NYSE: CPN) today announced the termination of the proposed Sonoran Pipeline project. The Sonoran Pipeline was unable to secure sufficient binding commitments to make a successful project given market conditions. Securing firm transportation agreements was a stipulation that executives of both companies initially stated was necessary before development of the project could begin. Neither company has spent significant dollars on the proposed development of the pipeline and it was not expected to begin service until 2004. Both KMP and Calpine will continue to evaluate other opportunities to serve the growing California market. Phase I of the proposed Sonoran Pipeline would have extended from the Blanco Hub and terminated near Needles and Topock, Calif., with the possibility of a second phase extending into northern California. Based in San Jose, Calif., Calpine Corporation is an independent power company that is dedicated to providing customers with clean, efficient, natural gas-fired power generation. It generates and markets power, through plants it develops, owns and operates, in 29 states in the United States, three provinces in Canada and in the United Kingdom. Calpine also is the world's largest producer of renewable geothermal energy, and it owns 1.3 trillion cubic feet equivalent of proved natural gas reserves in Canada and the United States. The company was founded in 1984 and is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol CPN. For more information about Calpine, visit its website at www.calpine.com . Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, L. P. is the nation's largest pipeline master limited partnership with an enterprise value of approximately $9 billion. KMP owns and operates more than 20,000 miles of pipelines and over 70 terminals. Its pipelines transport more than two million barrels per day of gasoline and other petroleum products and up to 4.3 billion cubic feet per day of natural gas. Its terminals handle over 50 million tons of coal and other bulk materials annually and have a liquids storage capacity of more than 53 million barrels for petroleum products and chemicals. KMP is also the leading provider in the U.S. of CO2, which is used in enhanced oil recovery projects. 
 I found these numbers in a file, Loc Code 14039, 14225, 24008  I'm not sure what assets they are in reference to.  kh 
 Guys, is there a way you can tell me what the MMBtu content of the gas is coming into TW from NorthWest Pipeline, TransColorado, and then what it is at Gallup?  I'm looking for historical info for say the last 6 months.  thanks kh 
 the network may be in here shortly to interview me (Claire Shipman?)  Did the parents make it out of town OK? 
 Here's the info for Gaye Lynn Schaffart (woman) she is Northern Border's Director of Business Planning & Analysis in Omaha gaye.lynn.schaffart@nborder.com 402-398-7824 
 we will cancel these weekly meetings until we get some marketing contracts signed.  Any updates will be taken care of via weekly reports or in Steve Harris' weekly staff meeting.  By now you've probably heard that Kinder-Morgan shelved their Sonoran project.  Susan, please cancel any conf room reservation.  let me know if you have questions.  kh 
 James, can you please run 2 cases to calculate a backhaul rate to Phoenix using Sun Devil?  case 1: Using the Capex of $290,181,156 (which includes the Red Hawk lateral), what does the rate need to be using 100% load factors for 20 years with the terminal value and our hurdle return rate of 15%?  Assume fuel at 0% for the entire term (source of gas would likely be Cal border area storage facilities).  case 2: same as above but load factors as follows:  year 1-2		50% year 3-4		70 year 5-7		85 year 8-20	100%  We are trying to respond to Panda Energy by Friday 2/22.  thanks kh 
 yes the 750 case, sorry I left that out. 
 good job, thanks 
 I didn't see myself this a.m., maybe on the evening portion at 5:30pm 
 the new cable modem at home is great (I got the first month free).  It's like being at work in terms of internet speed.  Now I can download those Victoria Secret catalogs even faster!!!!!!!!!! 
 I have a meeting with the customer Thursday morning, is it possible to have an answer by this afternoon?? 
 Allan-- we estimate 40-55% of the Enron sponsors have been severed, this would translate to approx. 200 kids.  Of these, we have only needed to re-sponsor 12 children, but we won't know the final tally until Friday afternoon.  I also understand HISD public relations is issuing a PR today inviting all the press to Gordon elementary next week.  The Holiday Party is 12/20.  HISD phone is 713-892-6393.  Below is description of Gordon Elementary given to me by the school.  Let me know if you have questions. kh 713-853-5559   Geneva - this is the overview of Gordon.  Let me know if I can provide any additional information. ANNE E. STRYKER Title I Coordinator Maud W. Gordon Elementary 713-295-3767 
 did you have any luck locating that power plant file I gave you? 
 yep, it's as fast as what I have at work. 
 go for it.  Maybe some public exposure will get you some job offers. 
 snap out of it!!!!!!!!!!  (easy for me to say right).  Don't dwell on the past.  Have you been putting your resume on internet job boards?  An outfit called me yesterday wanting my resume.  Contact jessiica@searchconsultants.com <mailto:jessiica@searchconsultants.com> 
 try these AM 610, 950, maybe 740 
 looks good, thanks for the help! 
 yours truly just got interviewed by the Office of the US Trustee to see if I wanted to serve on the Creditors Committee representing the ex- and current employee group.  I find out later if I made the cut. 
 Bill, I need a confidentiality agrmt for a proposed pipe sale transaction.  We are evaluating possibly selling a lateral piece of TW pipe to Pioneer.  They are interested in purchasing approx. 35 miles of pipe that TW took out of service in 2000.  The pipe in located in Ward and Pecos County, Texas.  Once the C.A. is executed, we would let Pioneer begin due diligence covering information such as easements, maintenance records, physical location, etc.  Pioneer is an owner/operator of gas gathering & intrastate pipe transmission assets.  Their info is as follows:  Pioneer Gas Pipeline, Inc. Mr. Philip R. Allard, President 502 S. Koenigheim, Suite 3A San Angelo, Texas 76903 ph 915-655-3300 fax 915-655-3315  let me know if you need any further info.  thx Kevin Hyatt x35559 
 I saw this too.  Is this just more stumping by "concerned" politicians in a congressional election year ( I can't remember what party Brady is with).  Is it going to be a meaningful meeting or just an "open mic" bitch session.  I'd pass and read the results in the paper (media is invited) or the web site. 
 Jean, I'm trying to rebuild my PC at home.  The hard drive cratered on me.  I've installed a new one, but the only windows operating system I have is on a restore disk from Compaq (win95) and for some reason, it's giving me an "image builder" error when I try the restore.  This may be due to the fact that I trying to restore on a bigger hard drive than the original.  Anyway, I also have win98 upgrade 2nd edition.  When I try to load this, is looks for verification of ownership of a previous win system (which I don't have except on the restore disk which won't work).  So my question is this, do we have an old Win98 operating system lying around I can borrow so I can load my win98 upgrade?  thanks, Kevin x35559 
   Scott Walker	Richardson Products	817-810-9385 Nick Thomas	Aquila			303-892-5697 Tori Campbell	Aquila			303-892-5663 Pete Melera	Calpine			713-830-2098 Russ Boone	Duke			801-531-4423 Ed Morris	Oneok			918-591-5075 Greg Hood	Oxy			713-215-7096 Teresa Cline	Az Public Service	602-250-2969 Mr. Lindsey McMurray	Public Svc of New Mexico	505-241-2686 Tom Toerner	Reliant Energy		713-207-1450  hope this helps.  Kevin Hyatt 
 did you see this? 
 depending on cost for 1 vs. 2 subscriptions, yes 
 selling out other criminals to bring a speedy resolution to this thing is right 
 FERC has scheduled a conference call for Wed 2/27 to discuss this topic.  I am checking with Glen Hass in Omaha to see if we can get tied into the call. 
 hey I got the printer (thank you).  Any luck on the Win95 or Win98 operating system? 
 Hey, do me a favor and only send this stuff to the house email (jhyatt@msn.com).  Hope you and the family are doing OK. Luv k 
 I'll be on it. kh 
 lunch sounds great, any day at this point is OK, just let me know.  I can come by and pick you up or meet you somewhere. kh 
 that was fast!  Received the agreement from you and am awaiting signature from my V.P. (he is out of the office till Wed. 2/27).  In the meantime, I'm having field ops start pulling maintenance files and easement records.  I'll let you know timing when I get it.  If you think of anything else you'd like to review, please let me know.  best regards, talk with you soon. kevin 
 I have a conflict on Friday, what about another day next week? 
 I would say 1 and if necessary, we could share it. kh 
 that will work.  Let's talk Monday morning and confirm that we're still on. kh 
 if it's OK with you, I'll invite Susan Wadle. 
 Economics:  Pioneer has offered $2mm for pipe that has a current book value of $533,000.  Replacement value of the pipe is roughly $26.8mm.  Potential Buyers: Sid Richardson has previously expressed an interest in the lateral.  Other area gathering companies include Duke, El Paso, and Western Gas Resources.  I've contacted Kim Watson about getting Richardson engaged.  I'll use the TW marketing Team to make contacts at the other companies.  Pioneer has executed the confidentiality agreement.  I'm in the process of assembling easement and maintenance records.  If you'd like to get together this week and go through a process analysis for this transaction, let me know when would be a good time.  kh 
 got it 
 only 2,687 mcf, this is per the field guys last week when they did the pressure check. 
 Roger, see note below.  Can you please have someone start pulling the ROW files for this pipe?  Once they're available, I'd like to review them before we open them up to Pioneer.  thanks for the help. 
 thanks Bob!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 I'll also need copies of your receipts for the Treasurer.  thx. 
 I am still slated to be the panel chairperson for the Natural Gas Infrastructure Committee at the Electric Power Conference in St. Louis March 19-21, 2002.  As chairperson, my conference registration is free ($525 value), I only have to pay air/hotel/meals.  Is it still OK to attend this conference? 
 I will be there.  thanks, Kevin Hyatt Enron Transportation Services 
 Susan, talk with me on Thurs on this. thx 
 When: Thursday, February 28, 2002 3:30 PM-4:30 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: Hyatt's ofc  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 i agree, let's keep the BaseDat too. 
 yes please 
 Paul, thanks for your email.  We are working hard to get the Sun Devil project ready for FERC filing, likely by Sept 2002.  If you would like to send a qualification package, please remit to my project engineer at:  Enron Transportation Services Mr. Arnold Eisenstein PO Box 1188 Suite ECN 4674 Houston, TX  77251-1188  best regards, Kevin Hyatt 
   SD 750 case 
 we are still on target to file the FERC app in September.  Are you planning to attend the Aquila Storage meeting this morning? 
 pls forward eticket for Kevin Hyatt to ECN 1334. thx 
 yeah I saw this.  Wonder where they plan on getting the fuel supply????????= ??????? 
 http://www.franchiusa.com/alcione_sx/ 
   Attached are my notes from the open season meeting today.  Feel free to amend with your own notes (those of you who attended of course).  Call me with any questions.  kh 
 great, I will touch base Tues. 
 You guys have probably already noodled on this, but if you haven't, maybe it's worth organizing a meeting next week to discuss the above storage project and benefits / risks to TW.  For instance:  Risks: Red Lake connection to Kern cuts into TW forward haul market   Rewards: expands TW's Park n' Ride capabilities (we offer more capability and back it with a storage position) better PnR rates over the short term than what the storage can offer more backhaul business on TW mainline (i.e. Citizens Utilities) Compression ops agrmt w/ Aquila   Let me know if you'd like to get together for a brainstorm session.  Bids are due to Aquila by 3/15 and there are some financial caveats to discuss. 
 you inner loop people lead such the lifestyle.  I'll take a rain check and plan on taking you to lunch later this week.  Let me know what day is good-- and we're taking your new truck!!!! 
   Jeff-- per our conversation this morning, attached is the original project open season announcement from August 2001.  A couple of current changes are:  Volume to Phoenix market - 750,000 MMBtu/d Volume to Cal Border     -  30,000 San Juan receipts		 - 780,000  Projected rate to Phoenix - $0.45/MMBtu  We are also offering 16 hour peaking capability (max daily quantity available in 16 hours, not 24) and pressure guarantees to those FT customers directly connected to the system (which doesn't help Bowie but may help you somewhere else).  Please don't hesitate to call me with any questions.  Best Regards, Kevin Hyatt Director, Asset Development 713-853-5559 
 Hi Jim-  I hope your conversation with Paul Cherry went well last week.  Paul indicated to me that you might be sending a Conf Agrmt for us to execute so you could then pass along to us some of the debt covenant waterfall language.  I'll be happy to push that agreement thru the channels here once you send it.  If you feel it might be faster for us to send you our standard form agreement, let me know.  Also, along those same confidential lines, if you can provide to me some various operating scenarios for the plant (high, low, and base case operating assumptions) I can begin designing an SFV rate for you to look at.  Let me know please.  thanks Kevin Hyatt 
 got your resume and I have forwarded it on to a contact at Duke.  Are you going to the job fair today at Enron Field? 
 When: Tuesday, March 05, 2002 9:00 AM-10:00 AM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: Hyatt's ofc ECN 1334  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 my dentist has scheduled a root canal for me this Thursday at 2:30 pm.  Let me know if I should need to re-schedule.  thx 
 will do,  thanks 
 Max, here's a copy of the email I sent to Jeff. 
 Eric, here's an abbreviated rate model James put together for us. 
 Cancel me for the pm session on 3/7 as I now have another conflict. thanks Kevin Hyatt 
     Subject: Why did the chicken cross the road?   A new updated version.....  -----  KINDERGARTEN TEACHER: To get to the other side.  PLATO: For the greater good.  ARISTOTLE: It is the nature of chickens to cross roads.  KARL MARX: It was a historical inevitability.  CAPTAIN JAMES T. KIRK: To boldly go where no chicken has gone before.  DR. TIMOTHY LEARY: Because that's the only trip the establishment would let it take.  SADDAM HUSSEIN: This was an unprovoked act of rebellion. We were justified in dropping 50 tons of nerve gas on it.  RONALD REAGAN: I forgot.  HIPPOCRATES: Because of an excess of phlegm in its pancreas.  ANDERSEN CONSULTING: Deregulation of the chicken's side of the road was a threatening dominant market position. The chicken was faced with significant challenges to create and develop the competencies required for the newly competitive market.  Andersen Consulting, in a partnering relationship with the client, helped the chicken by rethinking its physical distribution strategy and implementation processes. Using the Poultry Integration Model(PIM), Andersen helped the chicken use its skills, methodologies, knowledge, capital and experiences to align the chicken's people, processes and technology in support of its overall strategy within a Program Management framework.  Andersen Consulting convened a diverse cross-spectrum of road analysts and best chickens along with Anderson consultants with deep skills in the transportation industry to engage in a two-day itinerary of meetings in order to leverage their personal knowledge capital, both tacit and explicit, and to enable them to synergize with each other in order to achieve the implicit goals of delivering and successfully architecting and implementing an enterprise-wide value framework across the continuum of poultry cross-median processes. The meeting was held in a park-like setting, enabling and creating an impactful environment which was strategically based, industry-focused, and built upon a consistent, clear and unified market message and aligned with the chicken's mission,vision, and core values.  This was conducive towards the creation of a total business integration solution. In summary, Andersen Consulting helped the chicken manage change to become more successful.  LOUIS FARRAKHAN: The road, you see, represents the black man. The chicken crossed the black man in order to trample him and keep him down.  DR. MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR.: I envision a world where all chickens will be free to cross roads without having their motives called into question.  MOSES: And God came down from the Heavens, and He said unto the chicken, "Thou shalt cross the road." And the chicken crossed the road, and there was much rejoicing.  FOX MULDER: You saw it cross the road with your own Eyes. How many more chickens have to cross the road before you believe it?  RICHARD NIXON: The chicken did not cross the road. I repeat, the chicken did NOT cross the road.  MACHIAVELLI: The point is that the chicken crossed the road. Who cares why? The end of crossing the road justifies whatever motive there was.  JERRY SEINFELD: Why does anyone cross a road? I mean, why doesn't anyone ever think to ask, "What the heck was this chicken doing walking around all over the place, anyway?"  SIGMUND FREUD: The fact that you are at all concerned that the chicken crossed the road reveals your underlying sexual insecurity.  BILL GATES: I will soon release the new Chicken Office 2002, which will not only cross roads, but will lay eggs, file your important documents, and balance your checkbook.  OLIVER STONE: The question is not, "Why did the chicken cross the road? "Rather, it is, "Who was crossing the road at the same time, whom we overlooked in our haste to observe the chicken crossing?"  CHARLES DARWIN: Chickens, over great periods of time, have been naturally selected and evolved over time in such a way that they are now genetically endowed with the capabilities required to cross roads.  ALBERT EINSTEIN: Whether the chicken crossed the road or the road moved beneath the chicken depends upon your frame of reference.  BUDDHA: Asking this question denies your own chicken nature.  RALPH WALDO EMERSON: The chicken did not cross the road. It transcended it.  COLONEL SANDERS: I missed one.  BILL CLINTON : I did not, repeat, did not have sexual relations with the chicken. 
 sorry, I was thinking bi-directional and wrote unilateral.  The CA with Panda should be bi-lateral. 
 When: Monday, December 17, 2001 4:30 PM-5:00 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada).  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 outstanding, thanks!!! 
     Here's the info for Ms. Gaye Lynn Schaffart  she is Northern Border's Director of Business Planning & Analysis in Omaha  gaye.lynn.schaffart@nborder.com  402-398-7824 
 Dear Phil, Hope you received the easement and line maps OK.  We are pulling the maintenance records together and should have this done by 3/15.  How does your calendar look for Friday 3/22 to meet at the Monahans office or early the week of 3/25.  Prior to 3/22 I will be out of the office at a power convention in St. Louis, returning Thursday 3/21.  I could then meet you at Monahans on 3/22 or sometime the following week.  let me know. Best Regards, Kevin Hyatt 
 Following up on our conversation re: Red Lake storage  assuming only a Phoenix lateral gets built off TW, no mainline or SJ expansion: Capital cost is estimated at $304mm.  A fully subscribed rate on volume of 750,000/d to get a 15% ROR would be $.152/MMBtu (with zero fuel retention).  If we assume a more gradual volume ramping up, beginning with 50% load factor in year 1 climbing to 100% in year 8, the target transport rate would need to be $.248 (closer to my "top of the head" $.30 we discussed yesterday).  Both of these scenarios assume 80/20 Debt/equity and a salvage value in year 20 of the project equal to 1/3 of the capital cost.  Also, regarding the Kern River expansion, what might the likelihood be of Mojave receiving Kern gas and backhauling to TW for delivery into Aquila Red Lake?  If the Kern volume of 700,000 (out of 900,000 capacity) doesn't go to Calif end-users, I think Mojave will have a somewhat stranded segment from Cal border to the Kern interconnect.  We could then take this gas and haul it to Phoenix.  Let me know what you think kh 
 and where are you going? 
 if heat exhaust is counted in the "renewable" category, this would be another opportunity to take waste heat at TW compressor stations and convert it to electricity at above market rates.  We are looking at one of these opportunties at TW station 1.  kh 
 I'll check and let you know 
 Good luck, is it the same outfit we've been working with who handles Red Cedar's production into TW? 
 see what happens when you leave the gas bidness homey?  Williams was in some pretty dire financial straights ala Enron and debt they had with their communications group.  They apparently realized this last fall and started to panic.  Buffet boys come in and pick off one of the crown jewels at a pretty sweet price (including the KRGT expansion).  The sale not only helps WPL's current finances but eliminates the need to spend $1.2bn on the expansion.  What's interesting is the preferred shares also established in the deal.  Warren could end up owning a big chunk of WPL when it's over.  kh 
 let me know your former location number, and I'll see if I can retrieve your packet and get it taken care of.  Don't worry about the adoption, take care of yourself.  god bless kevin Hyatt 
 I saw in Gas Daily where CPUC denied SoCal the ability to put fiber in gas lines, but they are willing to hear more on the issue.  Was this you guys? 
 Arnold-- what's the word on ORMAT & Sta 1 heat recovery?  Are they pursuing?  We may have additional opportunities for ORMAT based on pending legislation in New Mexico.  let me know please 
 When: Thursday, March 14, 2002 10:30 AM-11:30 AM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: EB1334  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 The question below was forwarded to me by Aquila.  The question (in red) is from PPL.  What would be TW's strategy and can someone get back with PPL?  thanks kh 
 I'm not sure how current this number is but try Brad at 412-359-2306 
  Glad to see you're still around.  Hope everything is working out for you.  Kevin 
 I added two map slides, one with the SD overview, and one showing e- plants in development or under construction and their relative size. 
 Paul, can you have someone get back with FMC on the attached document for Agave?  thx  kh 
  Arrive Tues 3/19 on AA #2656 @ 9:20a  Depart Thurs 3/21 on AA #2999 @ 3:42p  hotel:  Drury Plaza 4th & Market St St. Louis, MO 63102  I have one dinner commitment on Tues night but it shouldn't last long.  Page # 888-582-7421 cell # 281-615-7061 
 I'm having someone in our Credit Dept prepare the document for you.  Please let me know if you don't receive it. 
 spoke with Bill Morgan.  At this point, he only has Mon - Tues 1/14-15 open.  He may have other openings if there are cancellations, we just have to let him know so he can call us.  The rut just started, they've taken some bucks off the place.  If we wanted to hunt an extra day, because we were there before, he would charge $150 per shooter.  If you wanted to bring a 3rd party, price would be the full $500 for a 2 day hunt.  Let me know what you want to do.  I'm flexible. 
    Martha Stewart's Tips for Arkansans  GENERAL:  1. Never take a beer to a job interview 2. Always identify people in your yard before shooting at them. 3. It's considered tacky to take a cooler to church. 4. If you have to vacuum the bed, it is time to change the sheets. 5. Even if you're certain that you are included in the will, it is still considered rude to drive the U-Haul to the funeral home.   DINING OUT:  1. When decanting wine from the box, make sure that you tilt the paper cup and pour slowly so as not to "bruise" the fruit of the vine. 2. If drinking directly from the bottle, always hold it with your hands.   ENTERTAINING IN YOUR HOME:  1. A centerpiece for the table should never be anything prepared by a taxidermist. 2. Do not allow the dog to eat at the table, no matter how good his manners are.   PERSONAL HYGIENE:  1. While ears need to be cleaned regularly, this is a job that should done in private, using one's OWN truck keys. 2. Even if you live alone, deodorant is not a waste of good money. 3. Use of proper toiletries can only delay bathing for a few days. 4. Dirt and grease under the fingernails is a social no-no, as they tend to detract from a woman's jewelry and alter the taste of finger foods.   DATING (Outside the Family):  1. Always offer to bait your date's hook, especially on the first date. 2. Be assertive, let her know you're interested: "I've been wanting to go out with you since I read that stuff on the bathroom wall two years ago". 3. Establish, with her parents what time, she is expected back. Some will say 10:00 PM., others might say "Monday." If the latter is the answer, it is the man's responsibility to get her to school on time.   THEATER ETIQUETTE:  1. Crying babies should be taken to the lobby and picked up immediately after the movie has ended. 2. Refrain from talking to characters on the screen. Tests have proven they can't hear you.   WEDDINGS:  1. Livestock, usually, is a poor choice for a wedding gift. 2. Kissing the bride for more than 5 seconds may get you shot. 3. For the groom, at least, rent a tux. A leisure suit with a cummerbund and a clean bowling shirt can create a tacky appearance. 4. Though uncomfortable, say "yes" to socks and shoes for that special occasion.   DRIVING ETIQUETTE:  1. Dim your headlights for approaching vehicles, even if the gun is loaded and the deer is in sight. 2. When approaching a four-way stop, the vehicle with the largest tires does not always have the right of way. 3. Never tow another car using panty hose and duct tape. 4. When sending your wife down the road with a gas can, it is impolite to ask her to bring back beer too. 
 the beach was cold & VERY windy.  Not much for scenery with those weather conditions.  It didn't warm up till we left on Tues.  Still working on the research paper.  He's going to the library today.  I think we're on draft #43. 
 The stock market crash of 1929 and its impact on the Great Depression.  He can only use one electronic source, everything else has to be textual.  All the encyclopedias are on CD rom now, including sound bytes and movie clips.  Those are very cool. 
 Dean, based on your schedule, how does Tues March 26 in the morning look for you to review the maintenance records for the Gomez lateral with Phil Allard from Pioneer?  How long do you think it will take, including a drive following the lateral route?  I would plan to fly out to Midland from Houston that Monday night, and be at the office for the meeting on Tuesday morning.  Let me know as soon as you can please.  thanks Kevin Hyatt 
 yes I did, thanks.  I'm comparing to the other quotes and will let you know next week. 
 this could be useful.  Is there a cost?  Can we get a free trial period? 
 http://www.1400smith.com/ or try www.enronx.org 
 Phil, right now it looks like Tues 3/26 is workable for the Gomez meeting.  What time do you want to start?  regards, kh 
   Pipeline 20 Years 
 OK by me 
  I'll be out till Friday, but leave me a voicemail if you have questions.  The first column is the max gas consumption by plant. 
 i think i changed mine.  Let me know if you see something wrong. thx 
 hey Richard, thanks for the invite.  I'm not sure yet, but I think Lou is trying to put something together for that weekend too.  Hope you had fun skiing.  talk to you soon. kh 
 thanks Blair, we've been following the FR debate very closely.  Last week FERC staff recommended to the full commission that the FR contrac= ts be converted to CD contracts, in effect abrogating a huge chunk of the o= riginal 1996 El Paso settlement.  The indicated shippers last year did file= a Section 5 complaint against El Paso, accusing the pipeline of over selli= ng its capacity.  This debate has been one of the biggest hindrances in get= ting shippers to commit to the Sun Devil project. 
 It was nice meeting you too!  Please feel free to email or call anytime with questions or concerns regarding Austin.  I was impressed by the Study Skills program explained last night.  If this class was made a 6th grade requirement, I think it would go a long way in better preparing the kids for when they get to your class.  Best Regards, Kevin Hyatt 
 Lorraine, S Harris, and Kim Watson all resigned yesterday to go work business development for Kinder Morgan. 
 Lorraine Lindberg, Kim Watson, and Steve Harris have elected to leave Enron, pls delete from email lists. thx kh 
 From Midland  go west on I-20 take the first Monahans exit (should be Business 20 exit) go thru town, thru the one stop light 4 blocks past the light is a Kent Tire Center on the left  TW office is behind the Tire Center  address: 109 South Gail Street phone: 915-943-3297  Kevin Hyatt's pager 888-582-7421 
   Pipeline 30 Years 
  our fax number is really 646-3225.  Apparently facilities gave us the wrong number.  I tested this new number and it works. kh 
 Bonnie White is the attorney.  I have already called her to find out what our collection process is (if any).  I know some guys named Guido and Mario who'll be happy to do it for 50% of the money.  I'll let you know what I find out. kh 
 This is already pretty much done I believe. Let me check with Steve Dickerson and I'll let you know. kh 
 Hi everyone!!  For those of you I haven't met personnally, my name is Kevin Hyatt.  I am currently chairing the Natural Gas Infrastructure subcommittee for the Electric Power Conference 2002 to be held in March.  You are receiving this email because you have previously expressed an interest in serving on the committee.  Attached below is the current subcommittee track agenda with the 4 sessions and each session's speaking topics.  The track and topics were developed over the last 3 months with various inputs from committee members and the Trade Fair Group staff.  Our current challenge is finding speakers for items 1, 6, and 15 (highlighted in red).  If you move your cursor over the topic, the comment box will appear outlining in a little better detail what info we are trying to present for the conference attendees.  I am working on lining up several speakers but as of yet have only confirmed one from Calpine.  What I need each of you to do is review the agenda, think about who you may know who would be a good speaker for the topic, then call them to see if they are interested.  Speeches should last no more than 30 minutes with a Q&A period afterward.  If possible, please email or call me with your results by Friday 10/26.  Interested speakers will receive a formal invitation from the Trade Fair Group confirming their attendance.  Thanks for your help.  Don't hesitate to call me (713-853-5559) or Carrie Shapiro (713-463-9595 x307) with any questions!! 
 the first EP one (Line No. 2000) went in service in August.  The 2nd one (line 2000 Power up) is the one they didn't get very many takers on in the open season that closed 8/2/01. kh 
 I have it penciled in for 3pm on thurs 10/25.  Wednesday afternoon looks ok too.  Friday I may be travelling.  Just let me know if you need to move it.  Susan can view everyone's calendar and locate a time that works for everyone. 
 Are you going this weekend?  I plan on going on Sunday without the boys just to see how many guys actually show up.  We saw some big ducks at Flatwoods Sunday morning.  The boys got off some shots early but didn't hit anything.  By 8:30 am, everything quit flying.  let me know, kh 
 Can I get an instruction booklet for a model 1560 (serial 1650338)?  Please send to:  Kevin Hyatt 18715 Hickory Ashe Dr Humble, TX  77346  Also, my unit keeps flashing "L" and beeping after being plugged in for only a few minutes and I can't get it to quit.  Do I need to reset the unit?  I'm assuming the "L" means Laser detected.  thanks 
 I am supposed to hook up Monday with the guys from Home Entertainment to review the requirements for the sound / projector system.  We will hopefully do a sight visit early next week. 
 that was a good one!! 
 but did he pass the drug test?  Good for him.  I hope he makes it thru boot camp. Have fun on your trip.  I was going to ask you for a ride home tomorrow but you won't be here.  I'm selling the Maxima to Cathy Corbin for her son.  Now if I can get the stock price up, I may actually be able to afford a truck.  Have you seen the new Dodge-- way cool!! 
 According to Bonnie White, the time period for Oasis to appeal ends on Friday 11/2.  If there is no appeal, then Enron will file a writ of execution with the local sherriff who will go out to the business and seize property in an amount to satisfy the judgement.  This is cheaper than hiring a collection agency and we retain more of the funds.  Let me know if you have questions. kh 
 Dear Dr. Lay--  Thank you for your presentation yesterday.  As always, you handled very well some tough questions in a very trying time for Enron.  I was literally mortified when I heard the "crack" question-- but I think you handled that well too.  As a 17-year Enron veteran, the question made me truly ashamed to be associated with the co-worker who asked the question.  Hindsight is always 20/20.  I'm sure you must know that the majority of Enron's employees don't feel the same way as this one individual.  Thanks for your continued hard work and support.  Kevin Hyatt Director, Asset Development ETS 
 Is that "instant bam" an offer or just a suggestion?  I hear a mattress comes standard with every new truck purchase. 
 click in "index history" below so see historical pricing 
 looks good kh 
 Sun Devil is going well.  We're working to get contracts closed for the shippers going to Phoenix.  I need to send you the draft precedent agreement so you can start going thru it and making any necessary modifications.  I'll get that to you shortly.  take care kh 
 News Release--  January 14, 2002  With the pending takeover of Enron's formerly prodigious trading operation by Swiss banking unit UBS, the companies will soon announce a name change from EOL to the new name of UBSOL. 
 good luck on your kickoff meeting 
 My calendar says our appt. is at 2pm.  I can do it at 8am if we need to, but would prefer 2pm.  Let me know please. 
 http://my.webmd.com/content/article/1680.53134  the link above talks about vertebroplasty - a cement injected to help fractured bones.  It may not be helpful to you as your's is disc related, not bone.  My neighbor had this procedure done by Dr. Twyford out of Baytown San Jacinto Methodist hospital.  kh 
 Nancy-- any word on the El Paso shipper comments that were due on 10/15.  El Paso is to file its reply today 10/26. thanks kh 
     >This is pretty good.  God Bless the U.S. Air Force! >Subject: Message from a Hawg Driver (A-10 Warthog) > >(Someone pulled this off the Air Force Academy's {very >unofficial}message board. Written by a '96 grad who apparently flies >A-10s. What we all are REALLY thinking, but a HOG driver says it.) > >"Make no mistake about it... this war is gonna be a Hawgdriver's dream...no >more of this sending GPS guided bombs from the ionosphere... I want to camp >out on the enemy's border... I want to yell across the border, in the >immortal words of Wyatt Earp (as portrayed by Kurt Russell), "You tell 'em >I'm coming! AND HELL'S COMING WITH ME!!" > >I wanna punch Bin Laden in the face and say, 'You gonna do something?  Or >just stand there and bleed?' And then,  I wanna laugh maniacally, as my 30mm >shells decimate his camps. > >I ain't talking about the Armor Piercing shells this time, although the >thought of poisoning their lungs (if, in the unlikely event, they survived >my attack) with the dirty dust of spent uranium is quite refreshing... that >would make the cloud over New York seem like pure Oxygen. > >I want High Explosive Incendiary (HEI) rounds...1150 of them, fired 2 or 3 >hundred at a time... like 3 hundred grenades exploding all at once... and >that's just my jet... the three coming with me brings that total to 16 cans >of CBU-87...that's 3,232 individual submunitions for them...that's what I >want. > >I want 4 Maverick missiles per jet...that's 16 of those things...and if we >run outta trucks and other small things to hit with those missiles, I wanna >find out what a maverick will do when it locks onto a terrorist and hits him >at just over 1000 feet per second...there might not be enough deceleration >to detonate the thing but at that speed... I don't think it would be >necessary. > >And I want 2 pods of rockets, hanging from my wings. Seven white phosphorous >and seven HEI... I want the 'Willie Petes' to put a cloud of smoke, to climb >into the sky, to let everyone following know...that's where the gettin' is >good... > >And the HEI... well, I just want FRAG in the air, tearing apart their >greasy, scumbag bodies the same way they tore into our nation... and then >we'll start cleaning up with the almighty General Electric GAU-8/A Avenger >cannon... what a perfect name... AVENGER CANNON!!! > >If that's all I had, that's all I'd want... four hawgs, with 4600 of our >little friends... lock and load, hammer down!!!!! > >But that's just my personal end... here's what else I want...I want John >Madden, Terry Bradshaw and Howie Long, to take over CNN, NBC, ABC and every >other news network, to provide coverage of this war... > >I want Madden, with his electronic chalkboard, out there describing what's >going on... "You see here, across the top of the screen, that ridge line is >exactly where the attack is gonna come from... you'll see the Warthawgs come >popping over them and unleash a fury that we haven't seen since Lawrence >Taylor was on the prowl...Speaking of that, here they come and BAM!!!  These >guys are great!... they remind me of linemen... they don't get much press >coverage, but when they hit you,man do you know it!" > >I want Hank Williams, Jr. and Lee Greenwood belting out, "I'M PROUD TO BE AN >AMERICAN," as the intro to "Monday Night Air Strikes"..."Fight night" would >have a whole new meaning now...I want to see Sports Center air, the "HIT OF >THE DAY":..."Today's strike comes from a flight of two A-10 Warthogs.. >You'll see here that some terrorist got > >the wild idea that he could shoot at these guys...you can see the missile >come up and totally miss the two jets... and here, you see, as they roll in >and unleash that awesome gun on the point of origin,...nothing left there >now!  And that's our, PLAY OF THE DAY!!" > >I want Mills Lane, in the field, giving play by play descriptions. > >I want "Flight of the Valkaries" playing at full bore, from every >mountainside, as we run in at 100 feet.... > >I want "WELCOME TO THE JUNGLE," playing after the first bomb hits, and when >I'm WINCHESTER ammunition, I wanna land on Bin Laden's personal airstrip, >grab him by his twisted, dead neck and poke him in the eyes and say,  "YOU >JUST GOT KNOCKED OUT!" > >I want the NFL cheerleaders to send us off to war, and the XFL cheerleaders >to welcome us home. And while we're at it? I don't just want to beat the >crap outta these scumbags, I want to humiliate them, too. > >I want to see Schwartzkopf come outta retirement, to start kicking