 FYI----Don't know what happened to my recommendation that they use either an unexecuted agreement notation or call the counterparty from the trading floor on a recorded line. 
 Paul, You say 5,000/day plus fuel.  The delivery point is in the south texas pool.  Where does the fuel come in and how is it determined?  Also, did we ever determine the name of the Reliant Energy entity that was doing the deal?    Paul Burgener@ENRON 09/25/2000 04:45 PM 
 Please review to see if I have made all of the changes you discussed with them. 
 Craig, I have added the FM language to the end of the 1st sentence in No. 1.  If okay, please forward to Ormet. 
 Chris, Please review the attached to see if it covers your concerns.  If so, I will forward to Sean Breen for his review. 
 Gregg, Here's the status of the Reliant matters. 
 Richard, Please change the confirm to provide for signature by both ENA and the counterparty.    Richard Deming@ENRON 05/21/2001 03:09 PM 
 Please review and comment.  Thank you. 
 Attached please find the modified Transaction Agreement which has been revised to reflect the matters you discussed earlier today.  I modified the third item relating to prior approval by Ormet of incremental costs to cover the situation that such transportation or supply becomes unavailable during the period Enron is obtaining Ormet's prior approval. 
 Karen, I have reviewed the redline document that Debra Perlingiere spent time on. It is not a finished product and needs a great deal of work.  I will continue to work on it.  Apparently the redlining must have been confusing and I need to start fresh.  I will try to get the redline to you as soon as possible. If we need to put something in place before the contract is executed, maybe we can document the transaction under the existing GISB contract currently in place between the parties and agree that the transaction will be rolled up under the new master once the Master is executed. 
 Forwarded for your information.  I recall talking with Gregg about this and that we did not intend to use the GISB for anything more than one month.  I think we agreed to let it sit. 
 Melissa, The maximum rate which HPL is authorized to impose for 311 transportation service may be established by either a rate proceeding before the FERC which would have to be renewed every 3 years or by using the margin component of a city gate rate which has been approved by the state regulatory agency.  In HPL's case, HPL has filed with the FERC that its rates will be the margin component of the City Gate Rate approved in Docket No. 592 before the Texas Railroad Commission.  This allows HPL to use this margin determined as provided in the February 8, 1974 contract between Entex and HPL as its maximum rate for 311 service.  That is one of the reasons that HPL continues to sell certain volumes of gas to Entex under that contract.   You can probably contact Steve VanHooser for any documentation that he may have concerning the applicable FERC filings if Tom Shelton does not already have such information.  Please reforward your message to me after the 18th so that I can contact Aquila concerning where we next proceed concerning HPL's contract.    mrgraves@aep.com 06/08/2001 09:49 AM 
 Robin, At Jeff's request, I have reviewed the attached form which National Fuel provided.  It is not designed to operate as a Trading Contract.  Transactions are only formed by signing an Exhibit A to be prepared by National.  The Exhibit A is to have a Daily Transaction Quantity and National may nominate from 0 to 100% of that quantity each day.  Penalties only arise if the actual quantity deviates from their nominated quantity.  Seller to pay difference between Buyer's replacement price and the Gas Commodity Charge times the deficiency quantity.  Buyer to pay difference between the Gas Commodity Charge and the Daily Midpoint Price times the deficiency quantity.   Does not state what quantity is to be applied against the Gas Demand Charge; however, does state that if Seller has a force majeure the Gas Demand Charge is only applied against the actual volumes that Seller delivers and that the Gas Demand Charge is not reduced if Buyer declares a Force Majeure.  Buyer's payments are to be trued up to the actual quantities delivered should actuals deviate from the nominated quantities. Please note the comments I provided to you last year relating to this counterparty.  All of those comments are applicable to this Contract form.  I have attached that memo for your review.   Please let me know how you would like to proceed with this matter.      Jeffrey T Hodge 06/08/2001 08:48 AM 
 Barbara Gray asked me to forward the attached draft of the Back to Back agreement for your review and comments.  This is the agreement contemplated by the letter dated June 1, 2001 relating to the Guadalupe Power Partners L.P. agreement. 
 Please put me and my spouse down for the flu shot as soon as possible. 
 Richard, The GTC is okay to send out for this deal; however, please note the change that must be made to the Delivery Point for this deal.  Call if you have any questions. In the future please advise Barbara Gray of any supply deals at points where an interconnection with HPL is possible, excluding EOL transactions of less than one month.    Richard Deming/ENRON@enronXgate 06/07/2001 02:22 PM 
 I am unaware of any physical trading constraints relating to doing business with a cooperative.  We have been doing business with such entities for years.  Can he be more specific about where the restriction is concerning financial trading for a coop.    Stacy E Dickson 06/08/2001 03:13 PM 
 Barbara, Tom Martin called and said it was his understanding that he could buy gas at any EOL point such as Exxon Katy, Waha or Carthage for any term and that he could resell such gas into HPL.  I explained to him that the EOL carve out was for transactions of less than one month.  He asked if you could call him if his understanding was incorrect and then he asked if you wouldn't mind just calling him to discuss the matter. 
 Here is the draft as it was Wednesday.  The red-line is the changes to the version supplied by Southern dated June 1. 
 Please review the four which I have changed from Enron Company to Houston Pipe Line Company.  Call if you need anything further.  I intend to be over there next Monday. 
 I sent it again.  Let Me know if you do not receive. 
 Lee, Please have these printed on the new HPL letterhead.  Please correct the addresses and phone numbers.  Ask Janie to attach the current GTC to the letters.  Call if you have any questions.        llpapayoti@aep.com 06/11/2001 10:08 AM 
 Jared, My only comment is that the three references to Enron North America need to be changed to Enron North America Corp.    Jared Kaiser/ENRON@enronXgate 06/12/2001 09:30 AM 
 Dena, Just confirming with you that I am not going to be at today's meeting.  I spoke with Melissa Graves concerning the reason that I would not be able to address the issue until next Monday.  Call me if you have any questions.    dpawlowski@aep.com 06/12/2001 09:07 AM 
 Attached as requested.  Let me know if you need anything further.       Kim Ward/ENRON@enronXgate 06/12/2001 01:50 PM 
 Attached please find a red-line of the changes for the referenced proposal. Please review and let me have your comments.  I had to start from scratch. I limited this to a single transaction as provided in the proposal.  You may recall that you had requested Debra to convert the single proposal into a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement so that it could be utilized by adding future transactions by way of a Confirmation Letter.  The short review time to get something in place will not permit the global changes which may be necessary to cover all the points to make the proposal into a Master.      "Kim Decell" <kdecell@gassupplyconsulting.com> 11/21/2000 06:29 PM 
 Lillian, Please put me down for the appreciation event.  Thank you.    Lillian Carroll/ENRON@enronXgate 05/30/2001 05:13 PM 
 Danny, Set up a folder on the C-drive called WINZIP and copy each of the attached files into that folder. 
 Keegan, In looking over the list, I did not see Dan Lyons on the list.  I did not= =20 add because I figured Barbara would have included him.  Please ask Barbara = to=20 consider adding him to the invitee list.  Thank you. 
 Greg, Please review my mark-up.  We need to keep the distinction between HPL and GM throughout the document.  Remember GM is the marketing affiliate and HPL is the pipeline.  Call me if you have any questions. 
 Candy, My initial reaction to the letter is that we should not commit to do a contract for deed for the buyer.  The buyer needs to obtain financing from another source and take us out completely; otherwise why are we doing it. Another buyer may come along during the interim.  Let's discuss this with Ann Elizabeth next week.    clbywaters1@aep.com 06/13/2001 09:41 AM 
 Blanca, I believe that you will need to get this form approved by the legal group in Columbus before it is signed.  It is my understanding that Pemex has agreed to New York law in the past.  I would not approve it unless they agreed to New York law and arbitration conducted in English.  If you need a quick turnaround, please check with Gary Prescott.    bdaugherty@aep.com 06/13/2001 09:27 AM 
 Debra, Can you please respond to Phil. 
 And how did you fare in all the rain.  I guess you went boating Saturday. 
 It wasn't too bad.  The phone company sent out a repairman Saturday morning and that is how I found out about all of the flooding because we had less than normal water accumulation from the rain Friday night.  Lots of sunshine Saturday afternoon and most of the day Sunday.  I spent some time shopping at Sam's Saturday and Haley and I cleaned my back room of the garage Sunday afternoon.  I notice that the bikini car wash is still operating.  They were out Friday afternoon when I went home about 5:30 just a few minutes before it started raining at the house, of course it rained hard on me most of the way home till I got about a mile from the house.  I also noticed them out yesterday, however, I think they may have aged.  Are you sure that James doesn't have an opening for them.  They seem to be hard workers, at least they go through the motions.    Jenny Helton/ENRON@enronXgate 06/13/2001 11:46 AM 
 Guess you better send James over to interview them.  They might be willing to relocate.    Jenny Helton/ENRON@enronXgate 06/13/2001 01:01 PM 
 Cathy, The subject contact that you faxed to me appears to be their standard interruptible 311 contract.  t is a month to month interruptible contract.  I see no reason why it should not be signed.   Please call me if you need anything further.  I will be in the AEP Houston Metro building office starting on Monday. 
 Please generate contract.  Use July 1, 2001 as the effective date.  I will generate a Transaction Agreement to be attached to the contract . 
 Paul, Please check with your counterparty at Reliant for the full name of the Reliant Energy entity.  Is it Reliant Energy Gas Resources Corp. or some other name?  I am still confused about the fuel component of the volume.  We probably need to expand on the language in the prior draft to specify the fuel volume for the movement of the gas from the Delivery Point to ___________________.   Have the attached documents been sent to Reliant Energy and if so have we received any comments from them?  I will draft a Transaction Agreement for the latest deal that will be similar to the prior deal.    Paul Burgener@ENRON 09/26/2000 10:06 AM 
 Ellen, I received your voice mail and your email this morning.  I made each of the changes from your email to the two contract documents.  Please review and if acceptable, please start the execution process by printing two originals of each document.  Once signed by Reliant, please forward to me and I will have ENA sign their contract and I will attempt to get Enovate to sign and return their contract and the two transaction agreements to me for forwarding one fully set to you.  Please call if you have any questions.  My phone number is (713)853-6895. 
 can you send the confirm to me.  It didn't come my way. 
 Please review and comment. 
 I have made a few red-line changes.  Nothing of substance.  Please review. 
 Will the attached resume work for the bio? 
 A woman goes to her boyfriend's parents' house for dinner. This is to be her first time meeting the family and she is very nervous. They all sit down and begin eating a fine meal.  The woman is beginning to feel a little discomfort, thanks to her nervousness and the broccoli casserole. The gas pains are almost making her eyes water. Left with no other choice, she decides to relieve herself a bit and lets out a dainty fart. It wasn't loud, but everyone at the table heard the poof. Before she even had a chance to be embarrassed, her boyfriend's father looked over at the dog that had been snoozing at the woman's feet and said in a rather stern voice, "Skippy!"  The woman thought, "This is great!" and a big smile came across her face. A couple of minutes later, she was beginning to feel the pain again. This time, she didn't even hesitate. She let a much louder and longer fart rip. The father again looked and the dog and yelled, "Dammit Skippy!"  Once again the woman smiled and thought "Yes!" A few minutes later the woman had to let another one rip. This time she didn't even think about it. She let rip a fart that rivaled a train whistle blowing.  Once again, the father looked at the dog with disgust and yelled, "Dammit Skippy, get away from her before she craps all over you!" 
 Will this comply with your request? 
 It appears that it is time to do this again.  Thank you. 
 Kim, I have reviewed your markup of the redlined contract I forwarded to you last Wednesday.  Since you confirmed that we were merely putting into place a three month contract, we should be able to resolve the issues rather quickly.  If we were working on the Master, I would agree that we are a long way apart.  Let me respond to the changes you put in your last redline.  1. Delete the definition of "Credit Support Provider". 2. Add definition as follows:  The term "Guarantor" means, as to Seller, Seller's ultimate parent, Enron Corp. 3. Restore the definition of Material Adverse Change to the language as provided in my redline to you.  It is the position of our Credit Department that a rating of BBB- is considered investment grade and as such that is the benchmark below which a material adverse change would be triggered.  Enron Corp. is currently rates as BBB. 4. The changes that you made in 2.1.1, 2.1.2, and 2.2.1 are okay.  The change that was made to 2.2.2. should be deleted. 5. The change that was made to 2.3.1 and 2.4.1 is okay. 6. The changes that were made in 9.1 should be removed because the sale and purchase quantity is based on the DCQ.   Note that all settlements under the Contract are based on the DCQ and any variations between actual and DCQ is to be handled between the party and its transporter. 7. The change in 9.3 should be changed back to five (5) Days instead of 10 Days.  5 days is the equivalent of 60 days deliveries, changing to 10 would mean 65 delivery days have elapsed before the Seller can notify Buyer of a payment default. 8. The change in 10.2 of "at or" should be restored.  This is a 3 month deal.  Seller's position is that Buyer is responsible for any taxes at or after delivery.  Future Taxes are not applicable to a 3 month deal. 9. All of the changes made to 12.2, 12.3 and 12.5 should be removed.  There is no partial force majeure, a party is either unable to perform because of the event or the party can perform.  Please explain how the loss of Buyer's market could be due to an event of Force Majeure and why the Buyer should not be required to find a new market during such period.  Force Majeure should only allow termination if the period extends for more than 180 Days and then it should only be a triggering event allowing the other party to terminate and collect a Termination Payment. 10.   The change in 14 should be deleted.  There is no event which would allow early termination other than a Triggering Event. 11. Please explain the changes in 16.4.  Seller has provided all of the notice address information that will be put in the Contract.  No telephone number or other address will be added. 12. All of the changes made to 17.1, 17.2, 17.3 and 17.4 should be deleted and the original language provided in my previous redline should be restored.  These are requirements set forth by Enron's credit requirement and are not subject to negotiation by me. 13. I have no problem with the changes proposed for 18.1, 18.2, 18.3 nor the addition of 18.4; however, I do not believe that either party would be able to locate qualified arbitrators who would agree to the shortened periods. Please reconsider. 14. The changes made to the guaranty document appear to be acceptable and I would forward same to Enron Corp. for their consideration.  Please review the Contract in light of the matters raised above and let me have your comments so that we can get this finalized as soon as possible.       "Kim Decell" <kdecell@gassupplyconsulting.com> 11/28/2000 01:48 PM 
 Ellen, You are correct.  I do not have the information at this time.  Can you execute without the information.  I will get Enovate to fill in the information when I send them the contracts for their signature.    Dan    Ellen_R_Dailey@reliantenergy.com 11/29/2000 03:22 PM 
 Corrected as requested.  I made a mistake.    Gary W Lamphier 12/01/2000 09:43 AM 
 And the volumes each day is to be?  Where is the address info you were to provide?    Eric Wardle 12/04/2000 09:02 AM 
 Veronica, The credit language is only one of many areas of disagreement between the consultants view of what the contract should look like and our version. Their last response was that the MAC would be triggered if Enron Corp. fell below an A rating.  I informed them that we could not agree because it was my understanding that Enron Corp. was currently rated as BBB.  I will let you know if you need to be involved in the contract negotiation or non-negotiation in the future.  I do not currently have a response from the consultant as to our last position on her nonagreement to make the necessary changes so that we could agree to document the 3month deal.    Veronica Espinoza@ENRON 12/01/2000 02:30 PM 
 Michael, I am forwarding an email from Wade Hicks concerning an e\p mix contract dispute.  Is this in your area and if so can you assist Wade? I do not have any contract documents relating to this in my possession.    W Wade Hicks 12/01/2000 01:51 PM 
 Mike, I have reviewed the attached marked copy of the transaction agreement and have gone over the changes with Craig.  Please change the term "best efforts" which was added in the 14th line of Item 1 under Other to read "commercially reasonable best efforts".  This will keep the concept the same throughout the document where we use the term "commercially reasonable best efforts".  With this change, please print out two copies of the contract and two copies of the transaction agreement and proceed with execution of each.  Please call if you have any questions.    "Mike Cesario" <MCesario@ormet.com> 12/04/2000 10:49 AM 
 Exhibit C and Exhibit D    "Mike Cesario" <MCesario@ormet.com> 12/04/2000 12:40 PM 
 I will be in the office the rest of this week and the middle of next week.    Larry Pardue@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 12/05/2000 12:03 PM 
 Attached is a draft Transaction Agreement for the 5,000/day Winter deal. Please Review. 
 Please see item 8 of the attached GTC.  When the outside party does not provide the Gas from an alternate source or fails to take the Gas to an alternate market, such event is a default allowing us to collect damages for non-performance.  No different than any of our standard Enfolio contracts. The current language in our GISB form gets us to the same result.      Eric Bass 12/06/2000 01:36 PM 
 Robert, I confirmed with the Transportation Desk that the designation "TETCO M3" is a zone designation that includes all points within the zone.  Therefore the language "and all downstream delivery on the M3" is not needed.  Please call if you have any questions.    Mark Taylor 12/07/2000 09:28 AM 
  Charlotte, Please explain what you are referring to when you state that Article 12.7 was omitted by accident.  My copy of the signed agreement has 12.7.  I am attaching the proposed Amendment for your review and comments.   I added the Gas Daily Midpoint Price to  be used as a default index when a index was not specified and for online transactions.  Please review and let me have your comments,  if okay, please start the execution process and forward 2 to me for signature by ENA. 
  Charlotte, Please explain what you are referring to when you state that Article 12.7 was omitted by accident.  My copy of the signed agreement has 12.7.  I am attaching the proposed Amendment for your review and comments.   I added the Gas Daily Midpoint Price to  be used as a default index when a index was not specified and for online transactions.  Please review and let me have your comments,  if okay, please start the execution process and forward 2 to me for signature by ENA. 
 Attached is the revised amendment quickly redrafted in  an attempt to assist PQPC.  The amendment has nothing to do with the 1996 letter which was totally superseded by the new fuel supply arrangements.  It is strictly an accommodation to PQPC without the benefit of any consideration to EPOS.      Doug Leach 12/05/2000 08:17 AM 
 Kim, I am reviewing the changes you made to see if they conform to our discussion.  I understand from your comments in the email that you disagree with the items we discussed and are attempting to go back to the previous language which I indicated would be unacceptable.  As such, I have gone back over the redlined contract and have only commented on the things that differ from our previous agreement.  Please review these and call me in the morning if you feel that your client cannot agree to these changes. 1. The sentence added at the end of 9.1 should be deleted.  Any differences between the DCQ and actual is to be handled between the party and its transporter.  As I explained, if we schedule a DCQ of 10,000 with you and the pipeline and only deliver 9,500 to the pipeline, the pipeline will deliver 10,000 to you and collect the 500 shortfall from us.  Likewise, if we schedule 10,000 with you and the pipeline and you only take 9,500, we still sell you the 10,000 and the 500 you didn't take is between you and your pipeline transporter. 2. 10.3 and 10.4 need to be deleted.  What we agree to say was as follows: "10.3  Buyer represents that no taxes are applicable at the Point of Sale. In the event such representation is false, then such misrepresentation shall be a Triggering Event allowing Seller to terminate the Contract pursuant to Section 17.1." 3. Delete the language "not otherwise due to an event of force majeure" that you added in the 2nd and 8th lines of 12.3. 4. Delete the language added at the end of 12.5 and add language after the word "expired" at the end of the second sentence.  "In no event shall any event of force majeure extend for a period in excess of 10 days during the term of this Contract.  After such 10 day period, the parties shall be obligated to resume performance as if the event of force majeure had been remedied, and if such party does not resume performance, such nonperformance shall be deemed a Triggering Event allowing the other party to terminate pursuant to Section 17.1." 5. Delete item (vii) added in 17.2 because it is adequately covered by my inserted language in 12.5. 6. The $15,000,000 changed in the 3rd line of 17.4 needs to be changed back to $10,000,000.  If the exposure exceeds $10,000,000, that is the reason additional security would be required.  This contract contemplates that Seller has to provide security for any exposure in excess of $0 whereas the Buyer only has to provide security for exposure in excess of $10,000,000. Not a very balanced obligation because the Seller is bearing all risk of payment after it makes deliveries under the contract.     "Kim Decell" <kdecell@gassupplyconsulting.com> 12/07/2000 11:51 AM 
 Mike, Attached please find a draft confidentiality agreement which we would propose to use with the financial information required to be provided pursuant to the guaranty.  If acceptable, please print and start execution, we will sign when we receive the other documents.  Sorry for the delay, I had requested this from our credit department and forgot to follow thru.  M 
 Mike, I have reviewed the requested changes to Exhibit D, I am okay with the proposed changes so long as the same changes are made to Exhibit C.  The change to Suspension of performance on Appendix 1 is okay.  The collateral requirement language has been in the contract for some time so I am concerned with bringing up changes at this late date; however, please let me know your concern so that we can resolve the issue with the Enron Credit group.    "Mike Cesario" <MCesario@ormet.com> 12/08/2000 10:16 AM 
 Kim, Let's try to get this signed as soon as possible.  The changes are as we discussed.  I will be out Monday, but will be able to approve the final version on Tuesday.     "Kim Decell" <kdecell@gassupplyconsulting.com> 12/08/2000 05:18 PM 
 Dave, I have attached the above sample form for your review.  I have been unable to find any documentation where we act as an agent for the shipper and contractually agree to remarket their unused capacity.  As soon as I find some language, I will forward same to you.  As we discussed, the major concerns that I have concerning the Energy Marketing Services Agreement form that Kaiser provided relates to the duties of the Marketer thereunder.  ENA is in the business of buying and selling natural gas for its own account and as such any services it agreed to provide relating to most of the items under Articles III and IV would be subject to claims of abuse or violation of fiduciary duties.  Specifically, ENA should not agree to perform the items under  Article IV, Section A. Parts 1-8, 11; Article IV, Section B. Parts1-2, 4, 6; Article IV, Sections C, E, and F.  Otherwise, ENA sales obligations should be patterned in the manner set forth in the Enfolio Contract which provides safeguards for both parties in the event of a default by either. Therefore, we need to work from our Enfolio contract and I will get you some agency language for the confirm to address how we would share any transportation savings that we were able to obtain for them during the term of our sales transaction with them. Please call me after you have had a chance to review the contract. 
 Phil, Please review the attached and let me know what other changes need to be made.  I have added a sentence in Other of each to provide for the Force Majeure Language to be attached as Exhibit A.  Please let me know if you think this will work. I will be out Monday, but in early Tuesday.  Please call my assistant to set up an appointment for Early Tuesday. 
 Ellen, You may send me the documents at 1400 Smith Street, Suite 3878, Houston, TX 77002.    Ellen_R_Dailey@reliantenergy.com 12/11/2000 11:38 AM 
 Janet, Two items regarding the Panther deal.   What is meant by "Greenhouse requirements"?  New delivery point, can be get a better description about this point, is it currently in existence, if so, how was it put in, who was the deal maker for the installation, etc.  After this information is provided, I see no reason why this shouldn't be documented by the confirm desk using a standard    GTC confirm.    Janet H Wallis 12/12/2000 09:17 AM 
 Ellen, With this added information, can you generate the contemplated confirmation? 
 Please confirm that these changes are acceptable. 
 Mike, I have checked with the credit group and the suggested changes to the confidentiality agreement and to Exhibit "C" and "D" are acceptable.  They did point out a typo in the collateral threshold provision.  It should read $1,500,000 instead of $1,5000,000.  Please accept the redlined changes to the documents and make the above correction and the documents should be ready for you to start the execution process.  I am informed that credit will not make any changes of the $1,500,000 collateral threshold amount until they have had an opportunity to review the Ormet financial information.  Thereafter we can work on an amendment if they feel that the financial information warrants making a change.    "Mike Cesario" <MCesario@ormet.com> 12/12/2000 10:53 AM 
 Ellen, One more thing, when the deal is confirmed, it should be confirmed as an Houston Pipe Line Company deal.  If you have any questions please call me, Barbara Gray or Jeff Hodge.    Ellen Wallumrod@ENRON 12/12/2000 10:42 AM 
 Please read 5&6 plus appendix 
 Contract changed as requested.  I have had Jenny print 2 contracts and 2 transaction agreements for you. 
 Doug, As we discussed, Larry Pardue has requested that I get you to sign an officer's certificate regarding the execution and delivery of the Fuel Supply Agreements.  The document that he forwarded to me does not define the agreements that he wants you to certify as to.  They are vaguely referred to as Transaction Agreements which have been delivered.  As far as I know, he may be wanting a certification as to the Consent documents.  If they get back to me, I will request that they modify the document to reflect the Fuel Supply Agreements only and that you are not aware of any reason why they would not be valid under New York law, that you are not aware of any lawsuit threatened against EPOS as a result of it entering into these Fuel Supply Agreements and that so far as you know, EPOS is not an investment company as such term is defined.  I will let you know what Larry is able to modify. 
 FYI. 
 So you do check your mail.  Yes, I am doing this.  I ordered my equipment yesterday.  I went with the Advanced Desktop.  The difference was $333.  I also paid for additional upgrades of speed and memory.  Call me if you want specifics.  It works best if you use the telephone line when ordering, at least that is what the Dell representative sold me on.    Stacy E Dickson 12/14/2000 10:50 AM 
 Debra, Please prepare another Master.  Deal should be identical to the one we did for your buddy.  That one was between ENA and ECT Merchant Investment Corp. This one should be with Brazos VPP Limited Partnership, a Texas limited partnership, and ENA. Check with Teresa regarding the ownership of Brazos. 
 Interesting facts about this election ------------------------------------- States won by Gore: 19 States  won by Bush: 29  Counties won by Gore: 677 Counties won by Bush:  2,434  Pop. of counties won by Gore: 127 million Pop. of counties won  by Bush: 143 million   Sq miles of country won by Gore: 580,000 Sq  miles of country won by Bush: 2,427,000   Now Professor Joseph Olson  of the Hamline University School of Law in St. Paul Minnesota has  produced another interesting new statistic. Professor  Olson looked up the  crime statistics for all of these counties and came up with this:  Avg Murder per 100,000 residents in counties won by Gore: 13.2 Avg  Murder per 100,000 residents in counties won by Bush: 2.1  Now, what area  of this country do you want electing the President of the  United States,  Gore's or Bush's? 
 - Colonize.com.htm 
 Kim, I received the documents late yesterday.  I am in the process of comparing the hard copy to the marked up version we have been working with.  Once I finish, I will forward the two originals of the guaranty document to Enron Corp for their review and execution.  Once I receive it back, I will let you know.  I will forward two copies of the contract document to the deal contact for that departments review.  Likewise, I will let you know when it has been signed.  I cannot at this time tell you when this may be. If you need quicker turnaround, we might consider counterpart execution which would permit the documents to be signed simultaneously by WPSC. Why are you requesting an original signed copy for the consultant.  A copy should be sufficient. Don't you agree.    "Kim Decell" <kdecell@gassupplyconsulting.com> 12/15/2000 03:35 PM 
 Jeff, I had informed them that I was out Monday, however they scheduled the meeting anyway.  I forwarded our standard enfolio to Teresa for this deal. She wants to delete the $0.15 from 3.2 and 3.4.  I suggested that we delete it in the transaction documents, but I think she will insist that it be taken out of the master.  I had requested that they invite Scott Neal to the meeting to discuss what they viewed as their obligation if the producer did not deliver the production payment volumes.  They had suggested that they use the enfolio default mechanism to calculated the $ damages, but in lieu of paying the $s, they would deliver a volume equal to such $s in a future undefined period.  Later they agreed that because of the financial hedge that was being put into place, they could pay such $ damages  at the time of default. If they need someone from gas trading, can you attend Monday.  I am going to leave Teresa a message requesting that she try to get Scott Neal or his representative to attend and to let you know if your attendance was needed. 
 Christian, If the purchase order number will be the same for all deals under the contract, can you give me the number so that I can include it as a part of your address for Invoices. 
 Christian, Attached is the modified contract with the changes you requested.  Please print off 2 originals and have them signed.  Please fill in the purchase order number information on the invoices section of Exhibit A.  If the number is not available, them please delete the information requiring the number from the billing and payment provision.  Forward the signed copies to me or Janet Wallis and we will proceed with execution by ENA.     "Pfister, Christian W." <CWPfister@cps-satx.com> 12/15/2000 04:16 PM 
 fyi 
 Christian, I believe this is covered because the language states that if the 25th is not a Business Day, the payment will be due the next Business Day.  Business Day is a defined term as a day when the Federal Reserve Banks is New York are open for business.  I cannot agree to a Customer's Business Day because it is not a defined term and may differ from the standard definition of Business Day. Therefore that change should not be incorporated.  Do you agree?    "Pfister, Christian W." <CWPfister@cps-satx.com> 12/15/2000 05:48 PM 
 Please review the below and lets discuss if this really works. 
 Count me in.    Legal Temp 1 12/18/2000 03:03 PM 
 Brad, Please have them add a provision providing that the agreement shall be effective for a period of one year from the date of execution by Enron North America Corp.  Otherwise the agreement is acceptable as written.    Bradley Diebner 12/18/2000 01:33 PM 
 Mike, I am forwarding this to you.  If you are not the person helping Wade with this, please forward to the person in your group who may be. 
 Lauri, I have talked with Gerald and have no information that he is not aware of. Sorry that my memory isn't better about the intent of the language relating to state facilities.    Lauri A Allen 12/19/2000 10:57 AM 
 Please review the language in 87crfm.  Call me after you have had a chance to read.  If okay, I will print on letterhead so that it can be resent to the counterparty. 
 Mike, I have added the language as item 4 under Other to the Transaction Agreement.  If okay, please accept the changes, print, have signed and forward to me for further handling. 
 Ellen, Please review the attached modified documents to see if it correctly reflects the deal.    Ellen Wallumrod@ENRON 12/20/2000 02:59 PM 
 Yes    Ellen Wallumrod@ENRON 12/20/2000 05:13 PM 
 Use this one please. 
 Dave, I expect to be available most of the day on Tuesday and Wednesday.   I am in EB3863, however, please call me at ext. 36895 to make sure I am not out or in a meeting before you come up.    Dave Fuller 10/12/2000 07:11 PM 
 Jenny, Please print the two crestar documents on ena stationary twice each and send to Grant Oh as requested in Barry's email.  Thank you. 
 FYI 
 Both of the above documents have been updated.  If any additional changes are needed, please advise. 
 Send me the contract so that I can determine if we guaranteed no free liquids.    Gary W Lamphier 12/21/2000 02:18 PM 
 Veronica, The above guaranty agreement as modified can be used.  Please get with Tenaska to fill in the $amount and the term.  Call if you have any questions.    Veronica Espinoza@ENRON 12/20/2000 12:32 PM 
 Here is another incident stemming from the A-S 30 inch pipeline rupture of December 4, 2000.  Although the facts are still being developed, this customer was also being supplied off of the A-S line and when it went down, HPL had to activate another pipeline to serve this customer from a different source or direction.  This line may have had some liquids settled in the line or other sediments which became dislodged and ultimately may have caused a failure at Ameripol's boiler.  This resulted in a fire which they claim caused equipment and product damages.  Liquids are not identified in the quality specifications for the gas to be delivered to Ameripol, only not more than 20 grains of sulfur or 7 pounds of water vapor. Additionally, the contract does contain a waiver of consequential damages. Gary indicated to me that they told him that about $130,000 of the loss was a result of lost sales due to the inability to produce product.  They have faxed us a written demand or notification which I will forward as soon as I receive it. 
 Leslie, I have reviewed the product descriptions for the natural gas products on Dynegydirect and they appear to be standard descriptions which should be easily understood by our traders.  As such, I am comfortable with such descriptions.    Leslie Hansen 12/22/2000 11:28 AM 
 I think this is the one. 
 The attached confirm has been signed and is being sent to me by federal express.  It did not arrive on Friday so it should be here next week.  I am sending you this in case you get a deal ticket for the deal being documented by this confirm.  They have  also signed a master to cover this transaction. 
 Ellen, Is this what you are talking about.  If so, I prepared this amendment so that we could get out of a bad trading position.  The customer had the right to use first of the month pricing on volume swings.  I believe that Lee Papayoti did the deal.  Gary Chapman with Union Carbide indicated that the deal is done, however, we are waiting on signatures.    Ellen Wallumrod@ENRON 01/02/2001 03:43 PM 
 Russell, We need closure on the guaranty issue.  All of the guaranty formats you provided to me covered specific enron entities under specific contracts that were identified in the guaranty.  If you can give me the specific contracts for each of the other enron entities you want covered by the Gas physical master contract of ENA whose payment obligations to Engage Energy Marketing, L.P.you want guarantied by Enron, I will take the lead to draft the guaranty and have it forward to Enron Corp for approval prior to sending it out as a draft to Engage Energy Marketing, L.P.    Russell Diamond 10/13/2000 10:11 AM 
 The contract is attached,  Please ignore their requested changes cause I did not agree to them. The credit worksheet was prepared by Russell Diamond as of 10/01/99. 
 Christian, I received your email when I got back this morning.  Yes I had a great holiday.  Hopefully yours was the same.  Our Credit group has agreed to changing the collateral threshold from 10MM to 15MM for both parties.  Please make that change in the contract in section 4.5 in each of the places where 10MM is located, print 2 originals of each, have them signed, and forward to me for further handling with Enron North America Corp.    "Pfister, Christian W." <CWPfister@cps-satx.com> 01/02/2001 11:31 AM 
 Bob, Please review the suggested modifications to be made to the previously sent confirmations for the above parties with regard to volumes to be processed at the Lowry Gas Plant in Cameron Parish, Louisiana.  If you agree, please have revised confirmations issued that would be in place of the previously sent confirmations.  Please note that I only made changes to the price and quantity to reflect the deal as reviewed with Nelson Ferries and Charlie Otto.  Please call if you have any questions. 
 Bob, Please use the language in this version.  I needed to modify to cover where we were selling.  Call if you have any questions. 
 Charlotte, Happy New Year!  Hope you had an enjoyable Christmas holiday season.  Can you please let me know the status of the proposed amendment? 
 Brodgette. Below is the notification that I sent to Bob Bowen on 12/22 to let the confirm group know about the transaction agreement which has been signed by the customer.  I talked with Craig Breslau this afternoon and he said he would sign in behalf of ENA and sent to me asap.  As soon as I get the signed agreements, I will sent the confirm to Ellen Wallumrod and the contract to Cyndie Balfour-Flangan.  Any questions?  ****************************************************************************** ************************************************************** The attached confirm has been signed and is being sent to me by federal express.  It did not arrive on Friday so it should be here next week.  I am sending you this in case you get a deal ticket for the deal being documented by this confirm.  They have  also signed a master to cover this transaction. 
 Kim, Please review the attached confirmation letter to see if it correctly reflects your transaction.  Please call if you have any questions. 
 Kim, This appears a little too iffy.  Please get with SCGC to find out the notice period. If it is greater than 10 days then we will change our language to the greater notice period.  If less, we will leave our notice period at 10 days prior to the month.  Please call if you would care to discuss.    Kim Ward 01/08/2001 05:01 PM 
 Grant, The only change of any significance that Anne requested is the deletion of the words "and Enron confirms the nomination," that was previously in the first line of the third paragraph under Other of the Spot Confirmation. Please confirm if this deletion is okay.  If not, please let me know and I will put the words back.  The other changes were form type and did not change the document.  Please call me asap. 
 Monica, Kim Ward asked me to forward the attached general terms and conditions to you for your review.  These general terms and conditions are used in conjunction with a Confirmation Agreement which would be signed by both parties.  The Confirmation Letter sets forth the volumes, delivery point, price terms which are to be applicable for the gas to be sold pursuant to the general terms and conditions. 
 Russell, The below two documents are the credit worksheet and the contract relationship documents which you provided.  The credit worksheet states that the guaranty should cover ENA, EPMI, ECC and Clinton Energy Management Services, Inc. and additionally should cover the master energy agreement with EPMI.  Do we have a date of execution or effective date for such master energy agreement.  The contract relationship document merely states that the guaranty should cover the new master firm purchase sale agreement  that ENA is negotiating with Engage and an master energy agreement between EPMI and ____.  No agreements of any type are specified for ECC or Clinton Energy Management Services, Inc.  Also, are any of the Master Swap agreements that ENA has with Engage to be covered by the requested guaranty?  I believe that we need to get together at your convenience and determine exactly which contracts Enron Corp. is to cover with the guaranty agreement being offered as a part of the security for the Master Firm Purchase Sale Agreement. Please let me know when you will be available to discuss.         Russell Diamond 10/13/2000 10:57 AM 
 The above letter has been modified to reflect that Buyer may terminate by providing notice to Seller at least five days prior to the date established by SoCalGas for terminating authorized marketer arrangements. 
 Christian, The below documents has been modified in the manner that you suggested. Please make sure that the Purchase Order Number is communicated to all parties in writing prior to the end of the month if it is to be used.  The red line should reflect  the changes that you have  been requesting.  By copy I am requesting Janet Wallis to review the suggested changes and to communicate directly with you if she approves such changes.  If she notifies you that the changes are okay, then you may print 2 originals of the clean document and have it signed by CPS and forward to Janet for signature by ENA.  Do not hesitate to call if you have any questions.   My phone number is (713) 853-6895. 
 Gary, Credit has a hold on this deal.  As you are aware, we need a credit worksheet before we can generate the proposed contract.  If you can get Russell Diamond to issue a credit worksheet to me, I will be glad to start work on the request.    Gary W Lamphier 01/09/2001 11:13 AM 
 Anne, I have incorporated the changes you requested in the above confirmations. We deleted the language "and Enron confirms the nomination" in the third paragraph of OTHER in the Spot Confirm and replaced it with "and Enron receives the notification of the nomination at least 30 minutes prior to the 1st GISB nomination cycle deadline,". If these are in order, please print 2 originals of each, have them signed, and forward them to Grand Oh at the Calgary office for his follow-up so that they can be executed by Enron. Please do not hesitate to call if you have any further questions. 
 Please generate master for my review.  Thank you. 
 FYI if you need any addresses. 
 Help, Time Warner is my cable service provider, however, when I attempted to open the ordering information, I am told that a discount for TimeWarner cable modern service is not available in my area.  What do I need to do?  So far as I know, I can subscribe to cable modem service with TimeWarner, however, I have been waiting until the ClickAtHome rollout before I committed to any service contract.  Can someone get back to me regarding when the discounted service might be available, if not, what is the possibility for a discounted DSL service from ATT.  Thank you.    The ClickAtHome Project Team@ENRON Sent by: Enron Announcements@ENRON 01/10/2001 03:19 PM 
 Help, Time Warner is my cable service provider, however, when I attempted to open the ordering information, I am told that a discount for TimeWarner cable modern service is not available in my area.  What do I need to do?  So far as I know, I can subscribe to cable modem service with TimeWarner, however, I have been waiting until the ClickAtHome rollout before I committed to any service contract.  Can someone get back to me regarding when the discounted service might be available, if not, what is the possibility for a discounted DSL service from ATT.  Thank you.    The ClickAtHome Project Team@ENRON Sent by: Enron Announcements@ENRON 01/10/2001 03:19 PM 
 Bridgette, To the best of my knowledge, we are not working on a contract with Washington Energy.  Has anyone asked the gas trader assigned to that account about any contract drafts that the gas trader may have received and not forwarded to legal.    Bridgette Anderson@ENRON 01/11/2001 09:39 AM 
 So you only email me when you want something.  No, I do not know what I am going to do.  They tell me Time Warner Cable Modem service is not available in my area, however, Time Warner tells me it is.  They tell me that I can sign up for DSL and expense it on my expense account until they allow it sometimes next month.  I guess I need to talk with them some more about which is better.  People tell me the cable modem service is actually faster than the response we currently have in the office.  Let me know what you decide to do, so that I can ponder the reasons for your choice.    Stacy E Dickson 01/11/2001 03:49 PM 
 Clement, Russell Diamond of the Enron Credit group would like Enron to issue to Engage (now known as Coastal Merchant Energy, L.P.) a blanket guarantee covering obligations of ENA, EPMI, ECC and Clinton Energy Management Services, Inc. without necessarily tying those obligations to specific contracts.  Do you have a form of guaranty that could be used for this.  I think that the guaranty would still have a limit ($25MM)?.  Please advise. 
 Cary, Please review the attached netting agreement.  It only applies to the two contracts referenced in Paragraph No. 1.  If acceptable, please print two originals, sign and return to me.  I will have it signed by ENA and return a fully executed original to you. 
 Christian, I spoke with Janet Wallis this morning and she said she was fine with the redlined changes.  Accordingly, please print 2 originals of the contract, have it signed and forward both signed contracts to Janet Wallis for ENA's signature. 
 Chris, Kim Ward asked me to forward this draft of the proposed Enfolio contract to you so that you could give it to her.  She said that she would send it to the city for its review.  The draft contains certain blanks which the city's counsel needs to provide.  Please call if you have any questions. 
 I believe Tuesday is the only day that I have open.  Let me know if that works for you.    Stacy E Dickson 01/12/2001 03:02 PM 
 Cary, The changes you propose are okay.  Please accept the changes, print 2 originals, have them signed and forward to me for signature by ENA.  Please call if you have any questions.    Cary Metz <CDMETZ@midcogen.com> 01/16/2001 08:25 AM 
 Enjoyed having lunch.  I got back and Time Warner was available for my zip code, so I signed up for Time Warner Road Runner internet service.  The price is $15.00 per month plus installation.  I will let you know when it is hooked up.  Are you sure that you want to come back to the rat race.  It has to be a lot of fun staying home and playing with the baby.  That will all change if you decide to come back to work.  See you. 
 Troy, Please review the attached to see if it conforms with your agreement. If it does, please forward it to National.  Call me if you have any further questions. 
 Russell, Regarding their first point, we should only guarantee amounts that are covered by our contracts.  Non contract amounts should not be subject the the guarantee, incoming or outgoing. Remember that we need to keep the guaranty amounts specific as to each enron entity.  This is because the part that pertains to Houston Pipe Line Company will need to be deleted from the guaranty and a separate guaranty from HPL's new parent will need to take its place. Somehow we need them to accept buyin on the fact that the new guarantee will not be effective until the old guaranty has been superceded, even if this takes the action of their spun off entity.  Clement, Do you agree?    Russell Diamond 01/16/2001 12:35 PM 
 Chris, I have reviewed the contract forwarded by Susan Spalding and have made my suggested changes which are based on the language required by the Credit Group.  Please review these changes which are noted in the red-line version that is attached.  If you agree with my suggested changes, let me know and I will forward to Susan Spalding for her consideration. 
 I believe that the attached is ready.  I have printed 2 copies and have initialled those which are in my office EB3878.  Please send someone up if you need to sign first.  Otherwise if they are signing first, forward the above document to them, have them print it, sign it and forward it to ENA for ENA's signature. 
 Kyle, All of the sales to Reliant Energy Entex and/or Entex Gas Marketing Company should be made by Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.  Please identify the two deals that you have under HPL so that we can get them documented under the proper ECT agreement. 
 This is in follow-up to the deal transfer matter we discussed this morning.  Julie Meyers called me and stated that Tom Martin had called her to put the deal transfer from HPL to ENA on hold till Monday; however, she had already moved them in the system.  I asked her to find out if the deals had been confirmed under HPL and if so, I would need to prepare a document to transfer them from HPL to ENA.  She agreed to send me a list of the deals that had been moved and whether or not they had been documented with the counterparty.  Apparently, they had been and Jennifer Blay has now redocumented two of the deals as ENA deals. 
 Ellen, I am forwarding this to you for your information.  Gary Lamphier is sending to the counterparty and I will forward a signed copy once Gary gets it back. 
 Please review and give me your comments.  I have talked with Brant Reves and he said he is not requiring any credit provisions to be in place up front of this deal.  Note that the GTC gives us the option to request credit support during the term of the deal. 
 Dave, Please call me if you have any questions.  Remember that the Transaction Agreement is only to be done if and when they sign the Master Agreement. 
 Janet, I have reviewed the attached contract and it gives me a lot of concern. First brush, it is one sided in their favor and offers us no breakage protection.  Specifically, Section 4.4 --- HPL should be the confirming party. Section 4.5 --- HPl also needs to have the right to call for security. Clause should be balanced. Section 5.5a -- "its best efforts" should be changed to "commercially reasonable efforts". Sections 5.8 & 5.9 --  Need clauses addressing "undertakes by Buyer" and "overtakes by Buyer". Section 6.3b --  20 days should be changed to 15 days in each location in this section. Section 6.4 ---  Needs a lot of explanation.  Why is it here?  Why would we agree to such? Article 10 - Force Majeure -  Need to add Enron language as to items which are not force majeure. Article 11 - Default -  Need to add additional Triggering Events, Early Termination, and Termination Damage provisions. Also, need to add provisions for limitation of liability and waiver of consequential damages.  Let me know how you would like to proceed.  I do not think that they will agree to make any of the changes we would need to do the deal.  Would they be willing to contract using the GISB form of agreement?    Janet H Wallis 01/04/2001 11:20 AM 
 Susan, I have reviewed the contract form that you provided in November and have attempted to make the changes which would be required for Enron to utilize the form.  I believe that the red line document attached  should address a majority of the issues which  need to be changed.  Please review and give me you comments as to the suggested changes. 
 Ellen, Attached please find a copy of the Transaction Agreement dated September 13, 2000 (2000-64crfm) and the Enfolio Master Firm Purchase Sale Agreement dated effective September 1, 1999 which was signed by ENA and AGC (99017actr).    I can send you hard copies if you need.  Cyndie, Can you confirm that you have a copy of the executed Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement? 
 DAve, Once you decide which way you would like to go, We will issue a new Confirmation Letter which will cancel the two previous confirmation letters effective as of February 1, 2001.  Because the term extends some 17 months, we will require them to sign the confirmation letter with attached GTC.  Let me know, and I will generate.    Dave Fuller 01/19/2001 01:25 PM 
 Please review the Collateral Threshold amount language added as item 12 to the Firm GTC.  The 3rd party debt default language was added as a triggering event. 
 forgot to add 100% load factor last time 
 Will this work for you.  Let me know. 
 Status please? 
 Bob, The Reliant people are only wanting to make changes to the contract between Reliant and enovate. the ena/enovate contract was signed a long time ago before midwest energy changed their name to enovate.    Bob Bowen 01/22/2001 04:39 PM 
 Dave, Spoke with credit and they are permitting us to go forward without adding credit provisions.  In reviewing your email, are both of the existing deals being modified for the period Feb  through July.  your chart says half for each deal.  I will do a new GTC confirm that terminates the old and rolls the old volumes and new pricing for the period FEb 01 through Jan O2.  Please give me a call (713) 853-6895.    Dave Fuller 01/19/2001 04:14 PM 
 These are the Reliant Energy - Entex transactions which need to be signed by Entex and ENA.  All other tickets have either been previously documented or cancelled by other deal tickets.   The below list is all of the Entex Gas Resources Corp. transactions which have been done by Janet which have not been signed.    These are all of the outstanding deal ticket confirmations according to Janet.  Please call if you need any further documentation. 
 Christian, I have made the change to Section 8.8 as requested in the attached contract document.  You are correct about the second item, it is intended that the Purchase Order Number be a part of the address to be included on any invoice that is issued to the company.  This is absolutely the only way that we have to include the Purchase Order Number on any statements.  Therefore, i have not removed that line from the address,  At such time as the Purchase Order Number is available, please send a revised address notice to the company containing such number.  Until that happens, it will be understood that no number has been provided.  Please call if you have any questions.       "Pfister, Christian W." <CWPfister@cps-satx.com> 01/23/2001 10:43 AM 
 Id is P00502782, password is lavonne. 
 Greg, Please comment,  You gave me the chicago addresses.  now someone in houston is changing to houston addresses.  what is correct? 
 Greg, Please print two of teh attached Enovate LLL.doc and have them signed by enovate and return to Debra for signature by ENA.  This contract is needed to document deals that have been done between enovate and ena.  Please call if you have any questions. 
 Ellen, The enovate office in Chicago tells me that the addresses in the Contract are correct as written and that they have gotten with the people in Houston to get them to leave the addresses as contained in the contract.  Regarding the Financially Firm language, I would suggest that you line through the word Financially in each case where it occurs in the contract, line through the entire definition of Financially Firm and have the person who signs for Reliant initial each of the line outs.   I do not feel that we need to define the term Firm.  Our view of the contract is that the obligations are always firm so no further clarification is needed.  Do you concur?  If so, forward the signed and initialled contracts together with the signed Transaction Agreements and I will have the enovate officer also initial the line outs and return a final fully executed contract to you.    Ellen_R_Dailey@reliantenergy.com 01/23/2001 03:44 PM 
 Christian, I have included the Red-line language in the contract relating to utilization of small business concerns.  Hopefully, the next thing I see is 2 originals which have been signed by CPS. 
 Dave, Please review both of the attached carefully.  I dated them Friday in case they are okay, please use them.  If you need any changes, I will be in Friday. 
 Attached please find a revised Enfolio Contract with CPS.  The changes incorporated in the attached contract are: 1)  "City Public Service (San Antonio)" has been changed to "The City of San Antonio, acting through City Public Service Board". 2)  The effective date has been changed to "October 1, 2000. 3)  The changes requested in items 1 and 2 of the addendum have been incorporated. 4) The Utilization of Small Business Concerns language has been added as the last item in Appendix "1", and 5)  An additional representation has been added at the end of the Representations and Warranties in Appendix "1" relating to the necessary authorizations with respect to the execution, delivery and performance by Customer of  this Agreement.  If these changes are acceptable please advise and we will forward two original copies for execution. 
 I believe the first 2 are revisions and the 3rd one is new to you. 
 Julie Meyers 01/25/2001 04:26 PM 
 Please review. 
 Julie, I have reprinted the confirm that I forwarded to you for Lee .  He extended it for four months through May.  I will forward it to you if it gets signed. 
 Monday - Wednesday are open.    Phil DeMoes@ENRON 01/26/2001 10:14 AM 
 Bob,  It is my understanding that Deal No. NK6915.5 (Sitara # 293550) relates to 10,000/d priced at $4.0925; Deal No. NK6915.3 (Sitara # 284669) relates to 10,000/d priced at $3.915; and Deal No. NN0666.1 (Sitara # 299995) relates to 10,000/d priced at $4.4925. Please call if you need further documentation. 
 Okay.    Phil DeMoes@ENRON 01/29/2001 10:19 AM 
 I do not have the lease agreement.  Check with Ann Elizabeth White, She may have a copy.    Janet H Wallis 01/29/2001 11:52 AM 
 John, Please review, if okay, please have someone give me the terms of the spot confirm so that I can attach to the letter. 
 Susan, Okay, I see the old contract and I know about one that is currently being negotiated. Is the one that I am  working on different than the one that you are moving the existing deals to?  Has one been assigned to HPL?    Susan Elledge@ENRON 01/29/2001 04:46 PM 
 Craig, Attached please find a revised draft of the Ormet Contract.  I have incorporated the language from the Credit Worksheet prepared by Jason Williams.  That language is included in Sections 4.2 and 4.3 of the Contract and in the definitions for Material Adverse Change, Guarantor, Funded Debt, Current Ratio, and Net Worth. Regarding Amy Baird's memo, I have made the requested changes in Article 3 of the Contract regarding changing "Schedule" and "Scheduled" to "deliver" and "delivered" and "receive" and "received".  I did not add the language requested in (iii) because that language is already included in the definition of "Replacement Price Differential".  I included the language she requested under (iv) as (iii) in Section 3.2  I omitted the last sentence relating to consequential damages of $1,000,000 per occurrence as we discussed and left in the language in Section 8.3 which limits the consequential damages to a maximum of $1,000,000 during the term of the Agreement.  Likewise, I did not delete the language from Section 8.3 providing that the gas is being supplied solely on the express representations and warranties provided in the Agreement and that all other warranties are being waived.  I did delete the language relating to Texas law and sentence starting with "Therefore, the Parties agree that (i) three" because we had agreed to delete the language from Section 4.1 which set forth the method of determining a party's liquidated damages. I added a sentence at the end of Section 8.5 relating to trial before the court with waiver of right to jury trial.  I deleted the language relating to arbitration in Appendix 1. As we discussed, I did not make the change to force majeure.  We need to discuss this.  Our obligation should be limited to having firm transportation on one of the pipelines with interruptible transportation on the other.  If the firm transportation is interrupted because of force majeure, our obligation should be limited to using commercially reasonable efforts to cause the volumes to be delivered via the other pipeline if there was available capacity on such other pipeline. Please review the contract and if you agree that it represents your understanding, you may forward it to the folks at Ormet.  I will be out of the office on Monday, but will be available by phone. 
 Linda, I am looking for the follow-up assignment.  I remember having it prepared and signed when the AEP people were looking at the contracts across the street.  The reason it was assigned back to ENA was that it needed to reside in ENA through July 1999.  Thereafter it could be assigned to HPL.  If I don't find the copy, everything got scuffled in the move, I will reassign effective as of August 1, 1999.  Is this acceptable?    Linda S Bryan 01/29/2001 04:31 PM 
 Christian, Please forward the contracts to me.  My address is P. O. Box 1188, Houston, Texas 77251-1188.  My physical address is Suite 3878, 1400 Smith Street, Houston, Texas 77002.    "Pfister, Christian W." <CWPfister@cps-satx.com> 01/30/2001 09:08 AM 
 Yes    "Pfister, Christian W." <CWPfister@cps-satx.com> 01/30/2001 09:33 AM 
 I redid it today and it is on its way down to Amelia and Cyndie as I type this.    Linda S Bryan 01/30/2001 10:42 AM 
 I plan to be out as much as I can; I will be out for two non consective days of vacation during February, I just don't know what days yet. In other words, I have not been told.  I will tell you as soon as I'm told. 
 John, You know the answer.  Can you call the central desk for the price for spot gas to be sold to Heartland.  I spoke with Sylvia Pollan and she was to get back to me.  Charles, Can you redo the statement for physical gas through the 23rd and include a line item for the Mark-to-market true-up value as a result of the termination triggered by their bankruptcy filing.  Jason R Williams of the Credit group was to redo the termination payment amount.    John Enerson 01/30/2001 10:36 AM 
 The November 2000 contract is the new deal with reliant.  We need to verify that we have a master between HPL and Reliant Energy Services, Inc.  If not, the old contract needs to be assigned to HPL.  Certain deals that were shown to the purchaser of HPL included business being done with Reliant Energy Services, Inc.  That means that if we don't have an HPL master, we need to do one for them.  Two deals were shown as HPL, however, they may have been GTCs, if so, we would need to create a master, and if the old master still exists, i would like to assign it to HPL so that they would have a contract to use after July.  Call me if you have any questions.    Susan Elledge@ENRON 01/30/2001 02:50 PM 
 Can you review this and let me know if it only guarantees obligations under the agmts listed in the attachment. 
 Darren, If you can get me a copy of the contractual documents that govern the physical deals that we are doing with the counterparty, I will modify the language to reflect the contractual arrangement that we are relying upon.    Darren Vanek@ENRON 01/29/2001 09:15 AM 
 Troy, Can you get me the full name of the counterparty to include in the agreement.    Troy Black@ENRON 01/31/2001 10:31 AM 
 I will be attending the LitigationUnit in-house  Ethics CLE Seminar.    Deborah Shahmoradi@ENRON 10/23/2000 03:55 PM 
 Okay, Sorry,  I attached the wrong letter as I went to my meeting.  Hopefully, the above is correct.  Let me know.  Running way behind today.    Gary W Lamphier 01/31/2001 01:33 PM 
 Dan, I have replaced the third sentence in Section 7.1 as you requested.  Please review and let me know if the changed language is as you requested. 
 Harvey, Troy Black asked me to forward the attached for your review and possible execution.  Please call me at (713) 853-6895 if you have any questions. 
 I have reviewed the above proposed confidentiality agreement and have made certain modifications which are in line with the confidentiality agreement presently in effect between ENA and Markwest.  Since the new agreement is to cover Markwest for the period that they are letting Enron review Markwest's financials which are scheduled to be publicly released next week, the term references therein need to only cover the period from the date hereof until such financials are scheduled to be released, which I understand to be next week.  The change to Enron Corp was made because the employees who will receive the information are now employees of Enron Corp.   Please have your attorney contact me if there are any problems with the manner or substance of the changes noted in the document. 
 debra, can you give me an update on the status of our communications with these folks. 
 Gary, Please review the foregoing to see if it is your understanding of the deal. We have no documentation from Shell Chemical Company to evidence their assignment of the contract to Shell Chemical L.P., so I have left the Transaction under Shell Chemical Company.  I assume that you are have Steve Van Hooser work on the Lease Amendment.  Call me if you need anything further. 
 Grant, I received a fax from Michael Kleiner with Gulf Canada Resources Limited in behalf of Crestar Energy Marketing Corp. suggesting certain changes to the OTHER section of the existing transaction agreement.  I do not see that he copied you with any of this.  Do you know anything about it.  If not, I can fax you a copy.  Please call. (713)853-6895. 
 Monica, I have made the changes we discussed yesterday.  Deletions are not shown, however, any new wording is shown in red.  I attempted to complete the reference to the Act by going to the California constitution for a site authorizating the existence of the City of Palo Alto.  If your outside counsel feels that this is incorrect, please have them furnish me with the proper reference.  If the agreement is in order, please print off two originals, have them signed and forward to Kim Ward for signature by ENA. 
 Grant, Now they want us to consider it. 
 Yes, We are sending them our form of master and preparing our form of GISB.  We will incorporate some of their GISB addendum items, but not all.  I will let you know when we get a response.  I assume that you are referring to UGI, am I correct.    Robin Barbe 02/02/2001 12:31 PM 
 And why should I be going to this?    Stacy E Dickson 10/24/2000 10:22 AM 
 Debra, I made a few changes and saved them in the attached document.  It has the same name as your doc but is only temporarily filed in my temp file.  Please resave it in your directory. 
 Gary, Here is the revised letter.  If 2001-012a dated February 2, 2001 is attached, you should have the right one. 
 Greg, Please get with the Peoples attorney regarding the use of the attached Spot GTC to confirm spot transactions of enovate.  The only change that I would propose would be to change the choice of law from Texas to Illinois.  Please let me know what enovate's preference. 
 This is the latest confirm letter. 
 I have reserved EB38C1 for the time period 8:30 - 10:30 for Tuesday February 13, 2001.  Will this be sufficient.  If we need more time, we can move back into my office if necessary.  See you Tuesday.    Phil DeMoes@ENRON 02/08/2001 09:59 AM 
 Please print 2 originals of the attached confirm on ENA stationary and give to me for initailling and forwarding to Janet Wallis. 
 After months of email negotiations, the Enfolio Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement between Enron North America Corp. and The City of San Antonio, action through the City Public Service Board has been signed.  Just in time to assign to the new entity being set up for the non HPL Texas deals that need to remain separate from HPL. 
 The above confirm was sent to Janet Wallis for forwarding to customer.  I used the Sitara number 592020 as the Deal Number.  call if you have any questions. 
 Janet H Wallis 02/08/2001 01:51 PM 
 Michael, Grant Oh of the Calgary office seems to be okay with your requested modification of the interrruptible spot confirm.  As such, please prepare an amendment document to add your language as an Appendix to the terms of the spot confirm, have it signed and forward to Grant Oh and myself for approval.  Thereafter we will have it signed and by Enron and will return a fully executed copy to you.    Grant Oh 02/12/2001 07:33 AM 
 Laura, These are the documents that I sent to Russell on October 9th.  Russell simplified the transaction by taking ENA out of the deal. 
 Don't know what you are talking about.  They gave Sylvia their form with their view of how the world should revolve around their wishes in October 2000.  She sent it up here is late January for Legal's initial review.  I understand it mimics the Utilicorp agreement.  If you have some incite that would lead you to believe that they would sign our Master, please send me a credit worksheet so that I can prepare a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement.  Also please give me a contact so that we can forward the new contract to that person for execution. 
 John, My first question is how does Cutter determine Harley's volume?  This procedure should be added to the document providing for the fixed price.  Has Harley set up Cutter as his Seller's Representative so that he can provide us notices, volumes, statements and receive Harley payments?  If not, we should add that to the Harley agreement and have Cutter sign in the capacity of Seller's Representative.  Call me at (713) 853-6895 to discuss in further detail.    John M Singer@ENRON 02/15/2001 07:58 AM 
 Fran, I understand from John Blaylock that I am to direct an email to you regarding the treatment of certain vested Enron benefits.  My name was included on the list of attorneys and paralegals with whom AEP could talk to regarding possible employment for continuation of legal representation for HPL's business lines.  I met with Gary Prescott yesterday and do not know whether AEP will or will not make an offer.  However, in the event they elect to make an offer, I would like to know what my options are relating to (1) my vested Enron stock options, (2) any unvested options, (3) the Enron Savings Plan.  Regarding the Savings Plan, would I be allowed to leave the funds in the plan, as if I had retired, or would I be required or permitted to roll those amounts into a rollover IRA?  What actions would I need to take regarding the amounts that are in the Deferred Compensation Plan?  Enron is currently subsidizing a portion of the costs of internet services through Time Warner Roadrunner.  Will these costs continue to be subsidized, and if so, by whom? 
 Dave, Volume, term and price are necessary components of the confirm.  Do not send out without these components being in place.  Also, changing from the January dates will require additional language changes.  I will make those changes when we fill in the rest of the information.  How do we stand on getting the final version of the Master Contract drafted and submitted to them for signature.  Remember, we need that in place before we do the confirm.,    Dave Fuller 02/15/2001 09:17 AM 
 The GTC confirm that we sent to them did not require them to sign.  It is month to month until cancelled by either party.    John Enerson 02/15/2001 09:42 AM 
 Yes if you complete and change "following calendar year" to the "next twelve (12) month period".    Dave Fuller 02/15/2001 10:15 AM 
 This is the redline    This is the clean  Please review and let me know if this is what you wanted. 
 Cary, Jeff Hodge asked that I incorporate the agreed to items from their request which was forwarded to Jeff by Gregg Penman on January 18, 2001 into a document.  I have taken the document that Jeff forwarded to Sherry Brinkman on December 7, 2000 and included the acceptable changes that Jeff indicated were acceptable in his email to Gregg Penman on January 18, 2001.  If this is your understanding, please let me know what else needs to be done to finalize the documents. 
 Chuck, The price obtained as the average of the closing price for the last three trading days for the month plus $0.34 is to be the price for the next month.  We need to give them a credit for the volumes that we purchase back due to their volume defaults in the month.  Our buyback price  is to be Gas Daily midpoint less $0.15 for the shortfall in volumes.  The $0.15 is the penalty for the default and the Gas Daily Midpoint price is what we purchase the shortfall back for; but remember if the Gas Daily Midpoint is higher that the Nx3, we use the Nx3 as the buyback price for the shortfall.  I know that you will not have  all of the information at the time you send them the invoice for the next month's prepayment, so you need to keep a schedule and trueup each month for the prior months activity.  John and Patrice, Do you agree with the foregoing?    John Enerson 02/21/2001 11:33 AM 
 I would recommend that once the trueup information is available and verified, a credit statement be prepared and forwarded to Heartland, such statement to provide that the credit statement is to be used in determining the next month's (April) prepayment.  I would not wire them the true-up amount so long as we have any reason to believe that they will continue to be in some level of operation requiring some level of gas purchases.  John, any comments.    Charles Jacobs@ENRON 02/21/2001 01:03 PM 
 (See attached file: witch.jpg)   close door before Playing!  (See attached file: Hey.exe)    Listen - - --- - - - - - - -Close the Door before you open the execute file. It is quite noisy.  You have been warned.  - witch.jpg - Hey.exe     I told you to be careful when you execute this file. Noisy!!!! 
 F Y I 
 Bridgette, I am not crazy about the Columbia (Coastal) GISB, can you attach the El Paso version for my review?    Bridgette Anderson@ENRON 02/21/2001 11:59 AM 
 Bridgette, I would stay with the April 1, 1998 agreement.  The 10/01/00 agreement was with the canadian el paso entity.    Bridgette Anderson@ENRON 02/21/2001 02:50 PM 
 No, They are with two separate entities which each need to stay in place.  Am I missing something?    Bridgette Anderson@ENRON 02/21/2001 03:17 PM 
 If you let the dogs chew the phone lines, you will never get your DSL service up and running.  If you are short of dogs for chewing, let me know, I now have five.  I could easily lend you a few or all. 
 No, The canadian contract is only for canadian business.  I do not recall the assignment when El Paso and the Canadian group split, however, I do no want to allow the canadian agreement to be used for U S business.    Bridgette Anderson@ENRON 02/21/2001 03:58 PM 
 that up to you.  You might have forgotten how to effectively harass.  You might enjoy the refresher.  Your decision. 
 Ellen, As we discussed, please change the Special Conditions: to read:  In consideration of the delivery of 310,000 MMBtu of gas by Customer to Company pursuant to Part A above and the redelivery of 310,000 MMBtu of gas by Company to Customer pursuant to Part B above, Company will pay Customer the sum of US Dollars $123,070.00 on April 25, 2001.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 3.2 of the Base Contract, a party's delivery obligation pursuant to Part A and Part B above shall continue until such party has delivered an aggregate of 310,000 MMBtu of gas to the other party.  I have discussed the above with Deirdre and she is okay with the language. Remember to  add signature lines for each party and provide Deirdre with a copy for her records.     Ellen Wallumrod@ENRON 02/22/2001 08:52 AM 
 Mary, I see that Phil Bair from JWorthan has responded to Phil DeMoes concerning the bond term.  No comments were made concerning the legal opinion for the legal counsel for the bond provider.  I was going to suggest that the contract language be modified to provide that the Company had a reasonable amount of time at the end of the lst 5 yr bond term to provide a substitute bond for the remaining term and that if the Company was able to get a replacement bond in place before the expiration of such period, no default would occur.  Can you tell from the letter that Phil Bair is proposing if their are any other issues that either ENRON or the Bond Provider would have concerning the terms of the Bond and the Customer's methods of getting funding thereunder.   ****************************************************************************** ****************************************************************************** ****************************************************************************** **********************************************  This was forwarded to me by Phil DeMoes.   Dan,  Take a look at this letter prepared by our surety provider on the PEAK pre-pay.  In particular, note the last paragraph.  I'm concerned on the unwind if there is a default.   We plan to meet tomorrow with Joe Deffner and Breese tomorrow morning.  Are you available? 
 Mary, I see that Phil Bair from JWorthan has responded to Phil DeMoes concerning the bond term.  No comments were made concerning the legal opinion for the legal counsel for the bond provider.  I was going to suggest that the contract language be modified to provide that the Company had a reasonable amount of time at the end of the lst 5 yr bond term to provide a substitute bond for the remaining term and that if the Company was able to get a replacement bond in place before the expiration of such period, no default would occur.  Can you tell from the letter that Phil Bair is proposing if their are any other issues that either ENRON or the Bond Provider would have concerning the terms of the Bond and the Customer's methods of getting funding thereunder.   ****************************************************************************** ****************************************************************************** ****************************************************************************** **********************************************  This was forwarded to me by Phil DeMoes.   Dan,  Take a look at this letter prepared by our surety provider on the PEAK pre-pay.  In particular, note the last paragraph.  I'm concerned on the unwind if there is a default.   We plan to meet tomorrow with Joe Deffner and Breese tomorrow morning.  Are you available? 
 Pat, Please note that you were able to open this mail without any loud noise. Next time i might send something that could open with some type of noise that might not stop even if you power off the computer.    But not this time.  Please put me down as attending the mark-to-market presentation.  Also, Include Stacy Dickson as an attendee. 
 Mary, Please disregard the attached email that I previously forwarded to you.  I apologize for sending this to you in error. 
 Susan, I agree with you. Use the CES GISB for EOL transactions.    Susan Elledge@ENRON 02/22/2001 01:32 PM 
 Bob Bruce has set up a meeting with Ken Raceler to go over the changes that went into effect 12/21 of last year.  They will meet on March 5th from 1 to 3 p.m. at the Hyatt Regency - Sandelwood Room A.  He says that eventhough they are trying to keep the group small it makes sense that you and I attend.  He did say that space was not a problem.  I told him that you and I did want to attend if for no other reason than to find out about the gray areas that we still need to be watchful of.  i.e. who is an "eligible contract participant" under the revised law.  What representations need ot be made, if any, by the customer? 
 These are general conceptual concepts that need to be addressed.  I have not attempted to redraft the language, only to point out areas where we will need to work on modifications to the Contract language.   1. Section 5.01 Provision needs to be changed so that Termination Payment is first paid by Company to Customer and if not paid by Company after notice, then the Customer would be entitled to make a draw under the Surety Bond.  2. Section 5.03   Provision needs to be changed to reflect that the initial bond term shall be __5__ years.  At the end of the initial term, the Company shall either replace the bond with a new bond for remaining  term of prepayment, provide a letter of credit for the remaining amount of prepayment, or provide a corporate guaranty.  3. Section 7.01 This provision should be okay under the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000 enacted as of December 14, 2000.  The Customer needs to represent to the Company that the Customer is an "eligible contract participant" under the Act.  4. Section 10.02 10.02.05 - Company has no control on the substance of the opinion of counsel for the surety bond provider.   The substance of such opinion should be as negotiated between the bond providers counsel and the Customer.   10.02.06  Should Customers inablility to get funding be an out for the Customer?   10.02.08  Likewise, should the Customer's inability to complete any swap agreements be an out for the Customer?  5. Section 21.01 21.01.02  Company should get aleast 5 business days notice of nonpayment before the Customer should be entitled to cause an Early Termination Date.  21.01.03  As previously noted in 5.03, Company should have the option to provide alternative surety - as referenced in the Term Sheet. Contract and Term Sheet need to be made consistent.  6. Section 21.03 and 21.04   Provisions of the Contract need to be consistent so that all obligations of the parties are netted before any payment is made.  Also 21.03 should first provide for payment by the Company and if not made, then by the surety or other security provider.  We shouldn't have to pay the Termination Payment to the Customer and then invoice the Customer for any Market Exposure Damages under section 21.06.  These should be netted or aggregated in computing the Termination Payment. 
 Mark, Jeff is in London and asked me to make the requested changes to the Contract.  I have taken the redline version that he previously provided and added the additional changes.  The changes that I made were in 4.2 (15 days), Art. 5 (deleted "but for no longer period"), and in  Arbitration (added language for independent arbitrators based on the amount in controversy), and changed (Texas to New York in the 12th line).   I have also attached a clean copy which accepted all of the redline changes.  If acceptable, please print 2 originals of the clean copy, have them signed, fax me a copy of the signed signature page at 7136463490, and mail the two signed originals to me.  Once I receive the faxed signature page, I will let Jennifer know so that she can have any subsequent transactions entered into pursuant to the terms of this contract.  Please call me at 7138536895 if you have any questions. 
 Gentlemen:  Here are the revised documents in both clean and marked form.  I made the requested change in the Term section.  That section defines a Early Termination as any termination prior to the end of 3 contract years.  As such no change was needed to the Buyer's Contract section.  Please call if you need anything further.  Thanks, Dan 
 Gentlemen:  Here are the revised documents in both clean and marked form.  The marked form is now in black.  I made the requested change in the Term section.  That section defines a Early Termination as any termination prior to the end of 3 contract years.  As such no change was needed to the Buyer's Contract section.  Please call if you need anything further.  Thanks, Dan 
 Chuck, Another matter to deduct from the payments to be credited as a result of Heartland's deficiency receipts. Let me know if you have any problems getting the info from Patrice. \ 
 Molly, When you brought me the resumes last week, you indicated that you had screened certain of the applicants and that Janette had certain ideals concerning the group.  I have had the resumes reviewed by Harry Collins, Carlos Sole, and myself and would like your opinion regarding the following applicants:  Vanessa G. Griffin She is the current temp that is filling in for this position. Mary G. Martinez Enron employee whose group has been disbanded. Esmeralda Gonzales I believe that Mary Cook has talked to her on more than one occasion. Sheryle E. Malek M. Denise Keauquier Maggie Valles Mary Lou Browder Enron employee whose group has been disbanded. Additionally, Travis McCullough has been lobbying for us to talk to the temp that is currently filling the position for which he has hired his old secretary.  If the foregoing list is okay, we would like to start the interview process Wednesday afternoon.  I have suggested to Harry and Carlos, that we jointly interview each applicant.  If this is acceptable, I will obtain access to a conference room for this purpose.  Please let me know if there are any problems relating to anyone on the above list. 
 Jason, Can you get with Phil DeMoes to find out what he thinks he needs so that Oglethorpe can do fixed price deals. 
 Thanksgiving is set at Mom's for Thursday, November 23, 2000 at noon.  Hope to see each of you there.   Try to cheer Mom up.  She seems to be a little depressed.  Maybe its the fact that her job has been cut back and she feels that she has no outside activities to occupy her mind. 
 Regarding the January 1, 1998 GISB and the April 1, 1998 GISB, the January 1, 1998 agreement appears to be a better fit for trading matters which could extend beyond one month.  I assume that this was assigned to ENA. 
 Please add to Miscellaneous Section of Dedicated Reserve Contract between ENA and Hurley.  10.7?? Seller's Representative:  Seller does hereby appoint Cutter Oil Company as its agent and third party representative under the Contract (the "Seller's Representative") and does hereby authorize such Seller's Representative to give and receive all notices, to make and witness any tests to be made of the gas and measuring equipment and adjustments to such equipment; to receive statements for gas delivered or to be paid for hereunder; to make and receive any and all pipeline nominations for gas to be delivered hereunder; to receive and receipt for payments made or to be made; to give and receive changes on quantities of gas to be delivered; to furnish Buyer allocations upon which Buyer may make any and all payments due Seller; to adjust any mechanical difference that may arise between Buyer and Seller with respect to measurements, billing and payments made or to be made, the allowance of credits and any undercharge or overcharge with respect to such difference; and to otherwise perform Seller's obligations under the Contract.  No appointment of the Seller's Representative will discharge Seller of its obligations hereunder and Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Buyer from any claims, damages or losses, including, without limitation, attorney's fees, made as result of any act or omission to act of the Seller's Representative WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CAUSE OR CAUSES RELATED THERETO, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE NEGLIGENCE OF ANY PARTY, WHETHER SUCH NEGLIGENCE BE SOLE, JOINT OR CONCURRENT, OR ACTIVE OR PASSIVE. 
 Concerning, Vanessa Griffin, yes, please check with Janette.  Both Carlos and Harry are pleased with her work.  I have her resume if you need a copy. Please screen M Denise Keaufquier.   I also have Mary Lou Browder's resume and can fax it to you if you would like.  Please let me know. 
 Bob, The Senior Assistant City Attorney for the City of Palo Alto is Grant Kolling.  His phone number is (650)329-2171 and fax number is (650)329-2646.  Shari, The business person that Kim Ward is dealing with is Monica Padilla.  Her phone number is (650)329-2592, fax number is (650)326-1507, and email address is monica_padilla@city.palo-alto.ca.us  Please call if you need anything further.  I will copy each of you with any opinion and/or resolution that I receive from Grant.    Robert Bruce@ENRON Sent by: Robert Bruce@ENRON 02/23/2001 05:01 PM 
 Grant, I have incorporated the language you provided to me in the attached document.  I have been informed by the Corporate Secretary's office that they will issue a Certificate of Incumbency showing that the person executing the contract for ENA is authorized to execute contracts for ENA.  No other party signs as to form or terms, however, the officer executing for ENA will require that the deal person and I initial on the line next to his signature.  I have reviewed the proposed draft resolution.  ENA will accept the enacted resolution and will not require that the City Attorney issue an opinion.  If the attached contract is acceptable, please print off 2 originals, have them approved, signed and forward to me for ENA's approval and signature.  Once the contract is fully executed, I will return one fully executed original to you for the City's file. 
 2001-012bcrfm is the one month extension which has been revised to reflect the reduced DCQ and the changed price for the first 8,000 MMBtu per day.  2001-012abrcrfm is the redline version of the proposed Transaction Agreement which has been changed to provide that Westvaco is to only provide alternative delivery point information to Company when Westvaco receives volumes through such points which should have been received from Company.  2001-012abcrfm is the clean version of the above redlined Transaction Agreement . 
 George, I would suggest that the necessary language be added to the Special Conditions block of the Transaction Confirmation.  I would suggest the following language be inserted in each applicable Transaction Confirmation.  "Notwithstanding anything to the contrary otherwise contained in the sentences previously added to the end of Section 13.5, the parties agree that the price to be applicable with regard to any volumes outside of the +/-10% tolerance shall be the Gas Daily "Daily Mid-point" price for the day following the day that the parties discover the existence of volumes outside of the +/-10% tolerance." 
 I have red-lined the changes that I feel we need to address for a short term spot deal with the City of Austin.  Please review and let me have your comments.  If you want ENA to do the deal, I need to make a few additional changes for the items ENA cannot do. 
 Veronica, She did not make the changes you requested to cover both contract and non-contract transactions.  What do you want me to do.  Her language works so long as we have a written contract covering each of the physical obligations.    Veronica Espinoza/ENRON@enronXgate 02/27/2001 03:30 PM 
 If the deal is to be a fixed volume, I would prefer to use the Enfolio Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement and document the deal thereunder.  Please let me know.  Russell, Have you sent me a credit sheet on this?    Rudwell Johnson/ENRON@enronXgate 02/28/2001 01:04 PM 
 Correction, There is the original February 8, 1976 HPL sale to Reliant Energy Entex for 1000/d which is to continue under HPL. 
 Subject: Letter from grandma   > Dear Kids, > >   I am very happy in the new residence you have put me in. This week we >   actually got to go outside for an hour. I haven't been feeling very good >   this week, the friend you placed me with died yesterday.  I am coping >   pretty well with my sorrows. > >   It's been two years since you visited me last, I guess you're all pretty >   busy.  It's OK!  I learned to use the Internet to pass the time. So you >   can remember what I look like I'm send-ing you a recent picture of myself. >   I send you this picture with all my love.... > > >   Love, > >   Grandma >  <<Grand-maman.jpg>> > > >   - Grand-maman.jpg 
 ? - CHURCH TALK[1] (2).jpg 
 Can you download 96005067 for me? 
 Russell, Attached please find the requested draft.     Russell Diamond/ENRON@enronXgate 03/01/2001 08:13 AM 
 Contract has been revised to delete the Standard & Poors Credit Rating requirements.  Please let me know if the attached is okay, and if so, please forward to counterparty of their review and execution. 
 Debra, Need to include a definition for Net Worth in this contract.  The rest looks okay.    Debra Perlingiere 02/28/2001 04:44 PM 
 Ed, Please have them print off 2 originals from the attached, sign and return to me for execution by ENA. 
 Peter, Ed Sacks asked me to forward this to you.  Please print off 2 originals of the attached contract, have them signed and have them sent to me at P.O. Box 1188, Suite 3878, Houston, Texas 77251-1188.  I will have them signed by ENA and will return one fully executed original to you for your files.  Please call me at (713) 853-6895 if you have any questions. 
 Jason, Please change "Enron Corporation" to "Enron Corp."  and let it fly.    Jason R Williams/ENRON@enronXgate 03/02/2001 01:28 PM 
 Russell, Can you please attach the gty2846.doc so that I can draft the necessary language for the new gty doc.    Russell Diamond/ENRON@enronXgate 03/05/2001 09:38 AM 
 Irene, These become HPL contracts on the effective date of the assignment.  As such I would use that date as the effective contract date and the assignment date.  The original contact date can remain the same as in the contract file.  Tom/Steve - Do you agree?    Irene Flynn 10/26/2000 12:06 PM 
 Steve, I made the same change to both Oneok and PG&E regarding payment following the service month.  Is this correct.  Please check each document and if okay, please forward to the counterparty for their execution and return. 
 Grant, I have made the changes they requested.  Please review and if they are acceptable to you and to the people on the Central desk, them send this to all parties in replacement of the one done January 4, 2001., 
 Darren, The changes are okay.  Since they are making the changes to their document, please have them accept the red line changes and send you the signed original. Call if you have any questions.    Darren Vanek/ENRON@enronXgate 03/06/2001 12:37 PM 
 I am not available on Thursday morning.    Dena Pawlowski@ENRON 03/06/2001 11:53 AM 
 Sandi, As you know, I am out of the loop relating to the assignment issue.  I believe that George Weismann needs to give us an updated list of contracts that currently exist together with a list of contracts that need to be put in place to match the ENA contracts that ENA now intends to keep, but HPL also wants.  The assignment issue has gotten very complicated.  I think that ENA wants us to enter into new contracts with the counterparties.  I do not think that there are any ENA contracts which need to be assigned to HPL.  There are certain contracts that need to be assigned to the new HPL marketing company, these being the contracts with Entex, etc., after we decide how ENA also wants to keep the right to do business with these entities.  We probably need a meeting with George to get updated information on what needs to be done.    Sandi M Braband 03/07/2001 09:30 AM 
 A GISB can be used for deals longer than a month if they are fully interruptible.  However, we would only use the GISB for firm business If they limit their business to one month or less which would include a 31 day month.   The $20MM credit line represents the mark-to-market exposure of all business that ENA would be doing with the customer so that any deal that would tend to exceed the aggregate credit line would need to be separately supported with additional credit documentation, i.e., a letter of credit or a increase in the coverage under a parent guarantee.    Phil DeMoes@ENRON 03/07/2001 01:07 PM 
 THE NEW NEWLYWEDGAME submitted by MeanBabaJean  This couple had only been married for two weeks. The husband, although very much in love, couldn't wait to go out into town and party with his old buddies, so he says to his new wife, "Honey, I'll be right back..."?  "Where are you going Coochy Cooh...?" asked the wife.?  "I'm going to the bar, Pretty Face. I'm going to have a beer."?  The wife says to him, "You want a beer my love?" Then she opens the door to the refrigerator and shows him 25 different kinds of beer brands from 12 different countries: Germany, Holland, Japan, India, etc.?  The husband doesn't know what to do, and the only thing that he can think of saying is, "Yes, Honey Pie...but the bar you know...the frozen glass..."?  He didn't get to finish the sentence, when the wife interrupts him by saying,"You want a frozen glass Puppy Face?" She takes a mug out of the freezer so frozen that she was getting chills holding it.?  The husband, looking a bit pale, says, "Yes, Tootsie Roll, but at the bar they have those hors d'oeuvres that are really delicious... I won't be long I'll be right back. I promise. OK?"?  "You want hors d'oeuvres Pookie Pooh?" She opens the oven and takes out 15 dishes of different hors d'oeuvres: chicken wings, pigs in a blanket, mushroom caps, pork strips, etc.?  "But Sweetie, Honey...at the bar...you know...the swearing, the dirty words and all that. .."?  "You want dirty words Cutie Pie?..HERE, DRINK YOUR F*****G BEER IN YOUR FROZEN F*****G MUG AND EAT YOUR F*****G SNACKS, BECAUSE YOU AREN'T GOING ANYWHERE! GOT IT A*****E?!!"   Subject: FW: Fw: HER BALLONS    A small boy walks into his mother's room and catches her topless. "Mummy, Mummy, what are those?" he says pointing to her breasts. "Well, son,"she says, These are balloons, and when you die, they inflate and float you up to heaven," Incredibly, he appears to believe this explanation and goes off quite satisfied. Two days later while his mother is making tea, he rushes into the kitchen. "Mummy, mummy, Aunt Eliza is dying!" "What do you mean?" says his mother."Well she's out in the garden shed, lying on the floor with both of her balloons out. Dad's trying to blow themup for her and she keeps yelling, "God, I'm coming! God, I'm coming!" 
 Jan, Can you let Christian know that I will not be in the office on Friday. Please have him download the substance of the call to me next Monday.  I will check my voice mail tommorrow if he needs to talk to me.    Jan M King 03/08/2001 03:38 PM 
 Grant, I have reviewed your requested changes and have made the changes which do not require explanation or clarification.  Those changes are reflected in the above document.  Let me go over your list of items: 1. I have deleted the word "DRAFT". 2. I have left a blank for the date within the month of March 2001 when the contract would be executed by the City. 3. I have changed the word "may" to "shall". 4. Maximum Daily Delivery Point Quantity does not fit in a Deficiency Default, it is just the maximum quantity that can be handled by a party at a particular point.  I do not think their is an omission. 5. I have added the word "reasonable". 6. The procedue for how the Termination Payment is determined is provided, if the City disagrees with the method and values provided in the statement and is unable to convince the Company to revise, the statement, then the issue is to be resolved in arbitration.  At the point that a Termination Payment calculation is necessary, a long drawn out period should not be necessary to attain closure. 7. We need to limit the duration to 30 days,  neither party should be required to wait 60 days before it could accelerate the other party's obligations under the Contract.  We might be able to add language to extend the period if we had some documentation stating the steps that a party was pursuing to cause the proceeding to be dismissed and the other party was otherwise kept whole from a credit exposure. 8. I have kept the 30 days because 5 days is too short a period.  During a holiday period, one scheduling error could cover the entire period.  Article 3 has language which provides a remedy for a party if a scheduling default extends for more than 5 days during any month. 9. The reason is because Enron Corp. is the rated entity and no separate rating applies to ENA. 10. I have changed "a" to "the" 11. I have eliminated the  60 day limitation on the duration of an event of Force Majeure. 12. This merely addressed the possibility of a imbalance amount being due when a pipeline aggregates imbalances using multiple points, and the language would allocated the payment based on the amount of the imbalance that a particular party may have caused.  I think the language is clear as written. 13. The definition of Act was one of the items that I had requested that you review and complete as necessary so that all appropriate statutes were referenced.  I am still waiting for your language.  I started filling it in using language that had been provided by the City. 14. I added the word "reasonable". 15. I have made the requested change relating to GAAAP. 16. This is a late payment provision and as such a believe that the provision should be more than a party's rating, as such I have kept the 2% over prime language. 17. These amounts were determined by the credit group and any change needs to be discussed with that group.  BBB-  is considered investment grade and I understand that Enron Corp.'s rating is BBB.  ENA is not a rated entity and that is why the language relates to Enron Corp.'s rating. 18. The elimination of the opinion of counsel did not change the requirements relating to the representations that we expect the City to have made.  If the City cannot make these representations, then we need to know that before we execute the Contract. 19. I have added the word "reasonable". 20. The party that has the Transport Agreement with the Transporter should have the legal right to obtain the information based on its contract. 21. It is our position that any dispute be arbitrated.  We can agree to meditation if we can make the outcome binding on the parties.  I am willing to discuss any changed language that you might care to offer. 22. We have found that personnel of both our Company and that of our Customers change so rapidily that the list is not workable and merely allows a party to back out of transactions it does not like on the basis that the person who agreed to such transaction was not on the list.  Therefore , we object to any listing of approved parties who can transact.  We believe that each party should be responsible for the actions of its employees and should stand behind any transactions that those parties may enter into pursuant to the terms and provisions of the Contract.  I will be out of the office on Friday, but will be in all next week if you care to discuss any of these matters.    "Kolling, Grant" <grant_kolling@city.palo-alto.ca.us> 03/02/2001 03:43 PM 
 THE GIFT OF LIFE submitted by Amber Tozer  On the very first day, God created the cow.  He said to the cow, "Today I have created you!  As a cow, you must go to the field with the farmer all day long.  You will work all day under the sun!  I will give you a life span of 50 years."  The cow objected, "What? This kind of tough life you want me to live for 50 years? Let me have 20 years, and the 30 years I'll give back to you."  So God agreed.  On the second day, God created the dog.  God said to the dog, "What you are supposed to do is to sit all day by the door of your house.  Any people that come in, you will have to bark at them!  I'll give a life span of 20 years."  The dog objected, "What?  All day long to sit by the door? No way!  I give you back my other 10 years of life!"  So God agreed.  On the third day, God created the monkey.  He said to the monkey, "Monkeys have to entertain people.  You've got to make them laugh and do monkey tricks.  I'll give you 20 years life span."  The monkey objected. "What?  Make them laugh?  Do monkey faces and tricks? Ten years will do, and the other 10 years I'll give you back."  So God agreed.  On the fourth day, God created man and said to him, "Your job is to sleep, eat, and play.  You will enjoy very much in your life.  All you need to do is to enjoy and do nothing.  This kind of life, I'll give you a 20 year life span."  The man objected.  "What?  Such a good life!  Eat, play, sleep, do nothing? Enjoy the best and you expect me to live only for 20 years?  No way, man!....Why don't we make a deal?  Since the cow gave you back 30 years, and the dog gave you back 10 years and the monkey gave you back 10 years, I will take them from you!  That makes my life span 70 years, right?"  So God agreed.  AND THAT'S WHY.... In our first 20 years, we eat, sleep, play, enjoy the best and do nothing much.  For the next 30 years, we work all day long, suffer and get to support the family.  For the next 10 years, we entertain our grandchildren by making monkey faces and monkey tricks.  And for the last 10 years, we stay at home, sit by the front door and bark at people! 
 Richard Sanders and I talked with Elizabeth (an attorney with AEP).  She was not sure that their was a question that needed to be answered.  Richard opined that the question may have related to the effect on HPL if it lost the Taub lawsuit.  This suit relates to an alleged violation of the surface rights agreement (Collateral Agreement) which was entered into with certain surface owners after the Unit Agreement was signed.  Richard explained that if HPL lost the suit, it would lose its rights to maintain a pipeline and well facilities on the property subject to the lawsuit.  In that event HPL would have to either locate its pipeline around the property or  use its condemnation rights to acquire an easement across the property.  Because the Collateral Agreement relates to surface rights, losing those rights would not affect HPL's rights under the Unit Agreement and thus the Taubs would not have the right to drill a well to produce the gas that HPL has in storage. 
 Okay.    Stacy E Dickson 03/12/2001 01:29 PM 
 Kim, Please review this draft.  I have not modified any language from the Enfolio to that contained in the draft of their form of contract which you forwarded to me last week.  I will read their long form and see if it makes sense to include their language.  Remember, in their short form, they had language for short breaks which was slightly diffent from ours but with a little torture, we could have incorporated their language once we got over the hurdle that we can't agree to let them audit our contracts,  which means we could never show them what we got for the default quantity. 
 Kim, What is meant by a "new review of this agreement"?  Have they reviewed the master previously?  If so, I have been wasting my time inserting the credit requirements into the standard agreement? I have reviewed the contract form that they provided and it is lacking in numerous areas.  I think it is a form they put together for use with a Canadian producer.  The remedy for a default is determined by the sales or purchase price that the other party can negotiate, as such ENA cannot comply because we do not allow anyone the ability to review our contracts with other parties.  The form also has no credit provisions, no limitation of liability provisions, no acceleration provisions in the event of default, etc. Additionally, a transaction can only be done by signing a confirm, and if not signed, no agreement. Let's discuss where we go from here.    Kim Ward 03/12/2001 05:17 PM 
 yes.    Becky Spencer 03/13/2001 08:47 AM 
 Michael,  Gary asked me to review your requested changes and provide revised documents for your review and, if acceptable, execution. Attached please find 2001-012bcrfm which is the extension document, 2001-012abbcrfm which is the clean copy of the long term document modified as discussed in 1,2 and 3 below, and 2001-012abbrcrfm with is the red-line of the changes which have been incorporated in the clean version of the long term document.  1.  I have left the reference in 3) to MinDQ, because the DCQ should always be less than the MinDQ and as such, any short fall in required purchases less than the MinDQ (which includes the DCQ) will be bought back by the Company. I have added a sentence at the end to provide that Customer will be credited for the Buyback Volume which Company purchases from Customer.  By way of examples,  (A) assume that the DCQ for a day was set at 15,000; that Customer's total natural gas requirements for such day was 20,000; and Customer's actual purchases from Company for such day was 12,000.  In that event the MinDQ would be 20,000 and Customer would purchase 15,000 from Company at the price in 1); Customer would purchase 5,000 from Company at the price in 2); and Company would purchase 8,000 from Customer at the price in 3).  (B) assume that the DCQ for a day was set at 15,000; that Customer's total natural gas requirements for such day was 12,000; and Customer's actual purchases from the Company for such day was 12,000.  In that event the MinDQ would be 15,000 and Customer would purchase 15,000 from Company at the price in 1) and Company would purchase 3,000 from Customer at the price in 3).  2. I have added your requested paragraph 4) to provide that should Customer's total natural gas requirements be below the DCQ and the parties are able to agree on a reduced DCQ below Customer's total natural gas requirements, then no buyback would be applicable.  3. I have revised the last sentence of the Fixed Price Strategies as you requested. 
 Michael, Hopefully I have fixed the page number on the header label in the attached. 
 Janet, I have changed the attached for ENA.  Please let me know if you need anything further.      Janet H Wallis 03/09/2001 10:58 AM 
 Mark, I have made the changes noted in the fax which you sent to Jeff.  If the contract is acceptable, please print off 2 originals and have them signed and forward to Jeff for signature by ENA.  Once the contract is finally executed, Jeff will return one fully executed original to you for your files.   - 
 Susan, That is correct.  If ENA wants to trade with Coral, It will need to use its Firm GTC and document accordingly until a new contract is negotiated with Coral.    Susan Elledge@ENRON 03/13/2001 01:48 PM 
 Ed, I am still waiting for you to tell me which Deal Person is the contact for the counterparty.  I need the Deal Person to initial the contract before an officer will sign.  If I send it to Scott Neal or one of the other desk heads, they will want the deal person to initial before they sign. Therefore, I am still waiting on you to tell me who trades with this counterparty.  I am holding the contract for that person.  If it is someone on the HPL desk, then we have to start over because you requested that the contract be done in ENA's name. 
 Kim, The gas portion of the RFP does not appear to be of concern assuming we are willing to handle the swing in their requirements.  The RFP does require that we attach our contract form, which I think should be the contract draft we are currently negotiating together with a completed form of Transaction Agreement for the RFP response.  Do you agree?  I am still waiting for a response from the City Attorney regarding his requested changes and our response as to each of his points.  I called Christian Yoder for a download of his conversation with the City Attorney last Friday but I have yet to hear from Christian.  At this point I think that we need to include language in the RFP response that our bid is based on them executing the contract as attached.    Kim Ward 03/13/2001 05:54 PM 
 Travis, Peter Keohane was the attorney who was working with PG&E to put a contract in place similar to what ENA agreed to.  I have not seen any amendments proposed by PG&E, did they get omitted from my email?  I am attaching the proposed amendment which I had forwarded to PG&E last year to enable them to trade on Enron Online. Please let me know if you need anything further.      Travis McCullough 03/13/2001 07:25 PM 
 - cj_3456.jpg 
 Please generate a GISB for Jared using the attached.  Let's discuss their addendum.  I don't think we will use it.  Let's get a copy of our current interruptible agreement so that we can see what has been previously agreed to. 
 Kim, Is the attached what you intended for me to review?    Kim Ward 03/14/2001 03:18 PM 
 Kim, The response to III P. should be Not Applicable, unless you are having someone obtain a Certificate of Good Standing from the State of California. The response to III Q. should be that the Final Contract and Transaction Agreement will be signed by a Vice President of Enron North America Corp. and as agreed with the City's counsel, a Certificate of Incumbency shall be provided to verify that the person signing is an officer of the Company. The remainder of the document appears okay.  I was curious as to how you were going to respond to their statement regarding their potential purchase of interstate transportation assets and their request that we manage these assets for them.  Repricing should work.  Call me if you have any further questions.    Kim Ward 03/14/2001 04:09 PM 
 You need to save this joke for use with the new Enron password requirement