 This is a resume of one guy I met in Houston a few months ago. He comes across as a very bright and  qualified individual. He is interested in a position in London. Who is the best person in London to forward the resume to?  Vince 
 http://www.x10.com/home/offer.cgi?!BF1,../bluefish21c.htm?>bf021 
 FYI  Vince 
 Call John Martin Sat 3:00 p.m. 
 Alex,  No problem.  Vince 
 Osman,  George  Posey asked for a call.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please put it on my calendar.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, set up a phone interview with him. I think both Zimin and Stinson should talk to him.  Vince 
 Pavel,  We shall talk to him. He looks like a very qualified candidate.  Vince 
 I am forwarding for your attention the resume of Peter Percell who has an extensive experience in modeling physical flows of natural gas in pipeline systems. Peter is looking currently for a job.  I met him last week at the meeting of the Science and Industry Advance with Mathematics society at the University of Houston.  The application of recent developments in optimization theory and numerical methods can help Enron to improve further efficiency of our pipeline system and reduce the consumption of compressor fuel.  Please, let me know if you interested in introducing Peter to executives in your organization. I shall be glad to make arrangements for an interview.   Vince Kaminski 
 Steve,  Thanks a lot. I think that having the pseudo code will go a long way towards understanding how the system works and making sure that there are no bugs in translation of a business problem (for example, complicated credit insurance deals with multiple triggers and conditionality) into the code.  Regarding Tanya's attitude. Just a few points.  1. I don't think she has the skills to do the system administrator's work and she does not have the necessary privileges. This explains why she keeps asking Winston for help. It's not that the work is beneath her.  2. Some members of Tanya's team came to me complaining about Winston. He effectively told them to go away and work on the "research projects" and that he would take care of the IT issues. I don't think that it's just Tanya's issue, though I agree that a more outgoing personality would be helpful.  3. The reality of this situation is that the internal customers beat  on Tanya and me whenever there is any performance problems and/or they intuitively disagree with the results of a run. They could not care less about the demarcation line between IT and Research. They also want Tanya to sign off on the model and she cannot do it without full access to the code.  The bottom line is that we are in full agreement: Tanya and Winston have to work as a team and I shall work on my end to make sure that it happens. Credit is emerging as a critical issue for Enron for the next few weeks and the system cannot fail.  Vince 
 Christie,  I have two persons in my group helping me with the Wharton and Rice projects. By the way, the project I gave to Rice students is exactly the same as the project for Wharton. We shall see who is better.  Their names are Li Sun  and Kenneth Parkhill. Can we invite them to the dinner on the 18th and to the meetings on Friday?  Vince 
 Martin,  Please, ask Steve to call your office. I may be late on Friday. I don't have to be present at this conference call. Please, talk about your potential involvement and if takes a trip to London it's OK with me.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Do you know anything about it?  Vince 
 Ed,  No problem. Please, forward me her resume.  Vince 
 Peter,  I forwarded your resume with my recommendation to two senior executives in our Transportation and Storage Group.  Vince 
 Molly,  Sandeep Kohli called last night.  We decided to transfer Anshuman for the 6-month trial period and then extend his assignment to a permanent employment if necessary. For Sandeep Kohli it's a permanent transfer, effective immediately.  Some local opposition to poaching of good people.   Vince 
 Hi Jeff,  No problem.  As soon as we have an agreement in place, I shall start working with you.  Vince 
 Zimin,  Can you interview this guy? Maybe Tanya, a math Ph.D. can help as well.   Vince 
 Christie,  Thanks for the invitation. I shall see you on Friday.   Vince 
 Steve,  It's really Houston part of the group only. We have to figure out how to close the gap caused by Grant's departure.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Can we give access to her and WHY?   Vince 
 Anne,  Thanks. Shirley is checking my calendar and will call you about the schedule. The entire week of the 11th does not look good for me.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince   P.S.  Rita, Please, cc Shirley on all my msgs.   Vince 
 Shirley,  It's OK.  Vince 
 Hi, Christe  Thanks. The objective of the meeting with Jeff Shankman is to use his powers of persuasion to make sure that John Arnold and Louise Kitchen can make   presentations to the Tiger Team. We can also talk to them  about getting some other people from their units to make presentations to the team.   Vince 
 Jeff,  Please, send me your phone numbers. I shall call you at my convenience.  Vince 
 Shirley,  FYI  Vince 
 Donna,  My preference is to come to the campus. I shall check with Christie and Jeff regarding their availability.  Vince 
 Steve,  Friday morning is fine. What about 8:00 a.m.?  Vince 
 Denise,  No problem. We shall prepare a short presentation to address these issues.  Vince Kaminski 
 Dennis,  Thanks for you message. I shall send you more information regarding the dinner later this week. Christie Patrick, who is in charge of our university liaison unit, is making arrangements for the evening  at the Enron Field. Hopefully, we shall be able to combine dinner with a game.  Vince 
 Sam,  Yes, let's omit the guys who left the company, but we can include the summer interns.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Sam,  This is a partial list of people to whom I would like to send the volumes:  Volume 1 & 2  Winokur (Enron Board member, Shirley has his address) Jeff Skilling Ken Lay Mark Frevert Greg Whalley Rick Buy Jeff Shankman John Lavorato Dave Delainey   I shall write the cover letter.   Also, we can add additional volume for Kaminski's columns (just 10 copies), including bios and my contributions. I would like to show the depth of talent we have in the group.  Vince       Enron North America Corp. 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 David  Thanks.  I shall get in touch with you a few days before to coordinate the details.  Vince 
 Julie,  The discount is  fine. Look fwd to receiving the books.  Vince 
 Hello Shmuel,  Thanks for your message. The end of 2000 and the beginning of 2001 were extremely busy and I could not focus on PSERC issues. I shall consult a few people in Enron on this subject and get in touch with you. Our concern right now is that the results of research are widely shared with our competition.  I am out on the 19th, but the 20th would work for me. I would be glad to cover the cost of your Austin to Houston trip.  Regarding your son. The Analyst / Associate program will interview again on the campus in the spring and they will be more than happy to interview him. 
 http://www.probability.net/  http://www.iafe.org/fe_links.ihtml  http://www.maths.uq.oz.au/~pkp/probweb/links.html 
 Shirley,  Please, give Gloria info about my availability  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Sandeep,  I am meeting Jeff on Tuesday, 1:30.  The best number to reach me (outside the office) is my cell phone (always on): 713 410 5396. My home number is 281 367 5377.  Vince 
 Kathy,  Enron will be represented by myself (Vince Kaminski) and Kenneth Parkhill.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 http://www.boxmind.com/default.asp 
 Pearce,  I shall be in my office, receiving many calls during the course. Some of the calls may be confidential. This makes it a bit difficult.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI.  This is the list of the Petronas executives visiting Enron on Feb 8. I have invited them to lunch. Would you like to join me for lunch.  I would like to propose a short courtesy meeting at 10  with Jeff/John (5 - 10 minutes), followed by RAC/Research presentation till 11:30.  Vince  P.S. I shall reserve a conference room for this meeting 
 Sam,  Let's include this week points 1.1 and 1.2. It's by Martin and Shaleesh.   Vince 
 Kevin,  Makes perfect sense.  Vince 
 FYI. I shall not be surprised if Grant knock on our door again in a few weeks. I told him he could not count on the same generous treatment he got the first time.  Vince 
 Norma,  FYI  Vince 
 Sally,  Thanks. The name of the person is at the bottom of this sequence of messages.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Jeff,  A few comments on the model:  1. We have a few reservations about some features of the model but would like to discuss it internally and make the improvements without giving the benefit of our insights to the consultant. In general, the model is not unreasonable but the devil is always in the details and in the inputs and calibration. The same model may produce drastically different results depending on the quality of inputs.  2. We don't have a separate pool of programmers in the Research  Group. We were told that you would provide an IT resource. Alex would supervise this person.   Vince 
 Michael,  I think that Keynes was right on the money. He had great insights into the forward markets.  By  the way, what are your thoughts about CA?   Vince 
 Kevin,  Let's meet for lunch next week (Monday of Friday would be best). We can talk about the project and decide who has the right skills to help you.  The person who supports EBS is Stinson Gibner and his lead person is Martin Lin. My secretary's number is 3-5290 (Shirley Crenshaw).  Vince 
 George,  We shall be able to accommodate one or two extra people in the first round.  We shall be glad to repeat the seminars starting soon for a bigger group. We would like to learn form experience how to run it.  By the way, we had an option training for EES (roughly 150 people, over a few weeks). I can give you the materials and we can repeat it if you think it's useful.  Vince 
 Anita,  I can attend. Vince 
 John,  I am forwarding you a resume I have received today. The document has been  distorted in transmission but it's still readable.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Here it comes.  Vince 
 Shirley,  I don't have the resume. We can ask Jennifer Burns if she has it.  Vince 
 Chonawee,  This was perfectly all right. As a matter of fact I expect and encourage the members of the group to disagree with me (or anybody else) on any subject. I am never offended by it and take it as a manifestation of ability to think independently and having the courage of one' s convictions.  Nobody has the monopoly on truth and nobody knows everything. The only way we can learn and avoid costly errors (to ourselves and the company) is by having open communication.  In Enron, facts are friendly.  By the way, it was an excellent presentation.  Vince 
 Please, resend the message. I cannot open the document.  Vince Kaminski 
 Ashley,  Thnaks. I shall attend the reception. I shall ask Shirley to set up a meeting with you to discuss spring events on campus.   Vince 
 Jeff,  We shall forward to you shortly a copy of the message from Sandeep with the numbers you have requested.  What follows below are the extracts from two recent articles on the power situation in India published by The Financial Times.  The first article describes recent power outage in northern India affecting millions of people. One possible line of defense is pointing out to the value of  output lost due to  power shortages. It is obvious that the value of lost production exceeds the cost of power produced by the Dhabol plant (expensive as it may be). The power cut affected 230 million people.  The second article is Enron specific.  Vince    ASIA-PACIFIC: Power failure hits north India Financial Times; Jan 3, 2001 By ANGUS DONALD  Tens of millions of people were left without electricity in northern India yesterday after a power grid breakdown.  Electricity was gradually switched on in some areas and most parts of the capital New Delhi, with 60 to 70 per cent of supply expected to be restored by the end of the day, according to power grid officials.  The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Assocham), a leading business organisation, expressed "deep concern" and called for a mechanism to prevent future disruption that could "cripple the economy".  The power failure across eight Indian states, including New Delhi, disrupted train services, water supplies and the telephone network and forced hospitals to switch to emergency generators.  The fault occurred on the Northern Grid, which provides electricity for 226m people, and affected the states of Delhi, Haryana, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Jammu and Kashmir.  A breakdown at a sub-station in Kanpur in Uttar Pradesh, India's most populous state, caused an overload of power on other lines, which then failed as well.  Trains stopped running for most of the day and signals systems were damaged. New Delhi international airport was also slightly affected before its own power supply could be engaged.  "We will probe into the reasons for the failure. It is most likely to be a technical failure, but we will investigate why it happened," Suresh Prabhu, the power minister, was quoted as saying by Press Trust of India.  India suffers regularly from power problems because of lack of funding to upgrade infrastructure. Theft of supplies is also a big problem. Thirty per cent of the country's electricity is stolen, according to analysts. In New Delhi as much as 50 per cent is stolen.  Two years ago, a power failure blacked out Uttar Pradesh and Delhi for hours.  Assocham issued a statement, saying that increasing industrial demand would exacerbate the problems already faced by India's inefficient power sector. "The slow progress, particularly in strengthening the transmission and distribution system, and ever increasing theft will contribute to worsening the power supply situation further."  Copyright: The Financial Times Limited     , Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2000. "FT" and "Financial Times" are trademarks of The Financial Times. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions.    ****************************************************************************** *************************************     ASIA-PACIFIC: Energy group launches image offensive: Enron has a plan to reverse its reputation as a profiteering multinational operating in India, writes Khozem Merchant  Financial Times; Jan 3, 2001 By KHOZEM MERCHANT  Enron, the US energy producer and a constant target of criticism in India, is hitting back with a campaign to reverse its image as a profiteering multinational.  Its "myth and reality" offensive in local newspapers follows the west Indian state of Maharashtra's decision to review the tariff it pays the Texas-based company, whose Dollars 2.2bn electricity generating plant at Dabhol is India's biggest single foreign investment.  Maharashtra's tariff has more than doubled since 1993 and is three times greater than that charged by other independent power producers (IPPs). The tariff has risen because of the depreciation of the rupee against the dollar and the high but now falling price of naphtha fuel. The state also pays a fixed capacity charge of Rs970m (Dollars 21m) a month, reflecting the huge project cost and, controversially, irrespective of consumption.  A showdown looks inevitable, reminiscent of a clash six years ago that damaged India's appeal to foreign investors. A former official of the World Bank, which has criticised the deal, says Enron is emerging "as the East India Company of the 21st century" - a reference to the British trader that colonised key areas of the Indian economy in the 19th century.  The stand-off is the latest blot on India's power sector. The UK's PowerGen and Cogentrix of the US have quit India recently, frustrated by long approval procedures, inadequate payments mechanisms or because of higher returns elsewhere.  "India has lost time and opportunity and has driven returns down by six percentage points," says Gerry Grove-White, former India general manager of PowerGen, which has sold its 655MW plant in Gujarat to China Light & Power of Hong Kong.  India's national plan for the five years to 2002 says generating capacity must rise by 40,000MW to about 120,000MW. But since 1992, IPPs have added only 3,000MW and 2,500MW remains under construction. This is insufficient to support official projections of 6 to 8 per cent economic growth.  Enron was a bellwether of India's liberalisation, winning fast-track project approval in the early 1990s. Phase 1, a 740MW plant fuelled by expensive naphtha came on stream in May 1999, and phase 2, a Dollars 1.87bn plant of 1,624MW capacity that will run on cheaper liquefied natural gas (LNG), will be completed this year. Only two of seven other fast-track proposals have achieved financial closure.  From the outset Enron encountered attacks, culminating in Maharashtra's then nationalist government cancelling the project before renegotiating terms no less onerous. Vilasrao Deshmukh, chief minister of the successor government, says the power purchase agreement is unaffordable.  Enron, whose attackers also include cultural chauvinists, wants to maintain good political relations in a hostile but lucrative environment. Enron views India as a testing ground for its evolution from a traditional manager of power plants to a broad-based trader of commodities, such as energy, gas and bandwidth.  To support these ambitions Enron hopes to trade energy between power surplus and deficit states, once legislation is passed this year. It is building an LNG terminal and pipelines to trade imported natural gas. And it is laying a 15,000km fibre-optic network to trade bandwidth space in a country desperately short of this new economy commodity.  In any event, Enron believes it has a watertight contract. It is supported by many that believe any subversion of the contract would confirm investor perception of Maharashtra, India's financial and industrial hub, as an unreliable destination for investment.  Mr Deshmukh - who has avoided the language of his predecessor, which threatened to "dump Dabhol into the Arabian Sea" - is under pressure from radical members of his wobbly coalition. But his options are limited. Scrapping the project would be ruinous for an economically troubled state that would have to compensate shareholders.  Maharashtra State Electricity Board, the local utility and Enron's main client, is obliged to dispatch or "off-take" 90 per cent of Dabhol's output. Yet MSEB has never honoured these guarantees. Its off-take has averaged 60 per cent since the plant opened and, in effect, MSEB has been paying a lot more while consuming a lot less power.  One reason off-take is low is because the state's tough new regulator has told MSEB to buy from cheaper sources. Enron says the tariff would be Rs4.02/kWh if MSEB's off-take averaged 90 per cent. But with off-take a third lower, the average tariff is Rs4.94 per unit, and often higher. In October, the tariff was Rs6.91 per unit, when off-take was about 49 per cent. Enron says tariffs should come down when phase 2, run on cheaper LNG, starts.  These cost pressures have forced MSEB to take up only half of a 30 per cent equity option in phase 2. Enron has acquired the balance and mandated bankers to find a buyer.  Enron's difficulties have undermined the appeal of IPPs, which have failed to deliver the flood of investments. Potential IPPs feared they would never be paid by state generating boards that have become a byword for corrupt management of power.  Reform of state electricity boards, whose uneconomic pricing means industrial users subsidise poor farmers, as well as transmission and distribution (T&D) services to check huge theft and technical losses, is overdue. "Given the limited resources, money would be better spent on T&D rather than on new plant," says Oliver Blackaby, managing director of N M Rothschild in India, which is advising Karnataka on the privatisation of its distribution network.  For the moment, attention is fixed on Enron's ability to satisfy the competing interests of investors and clients. As Sanjay Bhatnagar, chief executive officer of Enron India, said in a recent trade magazine, one of the key lessons learned from phase 2 is "having flexibility to deal with externalities".  Copyright: The Financial Times Limited   , Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2000. "FT" and "Financial Times" are trademarks of The Financial Times. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions. 
 FYI   Vince 
 Valery,  I may be in Dallas in the next few weeks. I shall probably come to Dallas one Friday. I shall let you know well in advance.  Vince 
 Michele,  I have defined the project for the students. It's   one project that is divided into three sections.  Feel free to stop by to talk about it.  Vince 
 Vasant,  This is the presentation. Sorry for the delay.  Vince 
 1. Presentation 2. John Martin 3.Steve 
 Sally,  I gave you some time ago a brochure on this benchmarking study request. They renewed their request for Enron's participation.  What is your view on this? Do you think the benefits of knowing what's going on offset the loss due information released and time spent on the project.  My recommendation is to forget it.  Vince 
 Shirley,  I might have  already sent it to you with a request to renew.  Vince 
 Norma,  Happy New Year. Look forward to working with you in 2001.  Can you send the resume of L Xu to me in an electronic form?  Thanks  Vince 
 To Keith $20,709 
 Vasant,  I have it on my  laptop and I had problems attaching through a docking station to the system.  I shall move it through AOL tonight.  Vince 
 Thanks for the invitation.  I shall attend.  Vince Kaminski    Enron North America Corp. 
 Vasant,  I shall E-mail you every article I get.  Vince 
 Kohli, Sandeep     Phone: (713) 857 6826 (c) (713) 965 0593 (h) (713) 646 6282 (o) (713) 646 6029 (sec) 
 Amitava,  Can you schedule a brainstorming session with Vasant, Tanya, Rakesh, myself and Ben (if possible)?  What about the trip on Monday. Has it been scheduled?   Vince 
 Greg,  As a follow up. We are talking to Jay Webb today about the data we can get from the Enron OnLine system to develop an early warning system  for automated crude trading.  By the way, it was a good catch. You left us red faced.  Vince 
 To Keith  $4676.18 
 Margaret,  The forward power and gas price curves, unlike NYMEX futures prices, are not publicly available and are a closely guarded secret of the trading desks. We have no authority to release them without getting the head of the trading desk involved.  Vince 
 Jeff and John,  I was contacted by Petronas who requested a meeting with Enron on risk  management. I have met with them a few  years ago and they want to discuss with us their progress implementing risk management practices.  I shall arrange the meeting and get RAC involved. Would you like to meet them for a short courtesy meeting (5 - 10  minutes)?  Unfortunately, they gave us no choice as far as the timing is concerned (given a very tight schedule). They want to visit on Thursday, Feb.  8, at 10 a.m. I shall take them out to lunch after the meeting.  Vince 
 Zimin,  I have talked to Alex about it. I don't think that the additional seminars will crowd out the brown bag lunches.  The seminars are really targeted to people who recently joined the group and have very limited, or zero, exposure to energy markets.  For most members of the group it should be the piece of cake. Brown bag lunches are not that time intensive, except for the speaker.  Plus, we ran out of days  available for lunch meetings.  Vince 
 Rick,  I was contacted by Petronas who requested a meeting with Enron on risk  management. I have met with them a few  years ago and they want to discuss with us their progress implementing risk management practices.  Can we arrange for them a standard presentation, like the one we have for banks (you or David Port, Bill Bradford, research)?  Unfortunately, they gave us no choice as far as the timing is concerned (given a very tight schedule). They want to visit on Thursday, Feb.  8, at 10 a.m. I shall take them out to lunch after the meeting.  I shall also contact Jeff Shankman and John Nowlan to arrange a short courtesy meeting with them.  Vince 
 Osman,  Kevin Kindall is working on the methods for operational risk.  Please, schedule a meeting with him and  Tanya (myself included).  Vince 
 Dear Mr. Nur Azmin Abu Bakar,  Thanks for your prompt reply.  Please, let us know how many members of your team will visit Enron.  I look forward to our meeting on February 8.  Vince Kaminski 
 Shirley,  2 different letters for Hector.   Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, put it on my calendar.  Vince 
 Dear Sir,  I would like to apologize for the delay in responding to your fax. I was on vacation for the last few days.  I shall be honored to meet your delegation on Thursday, February 8 at 10:00 a.m. Please, let me know if you will be free for lunch after the meeting.  Vince Kaminski 
 John,  I have received your message regarding Mike Roberts. I could not agree more. Mike deserves to be compensated for his exceptional contribution.  Additional recommendation. I think that all weather forecasting support should be consolidated under Mike (including the weather guys supporting power trading). In my view, it was a mistake to remove Mike from power support. It would also mean a lot to him personally.   Vince 
 John,  Thanks a lot.  Vince 
 Biliana,  I am glad I could help. Look forward to working with you.  Vince 
 Shirley,  I think it's a growing problem of junk mail that is being sent indiscriminately to everybody.  Sometimes it comes from legitimate institutions, sometimes it represents scams. I got a message today about diamonds in Sierra Leone.  Vince 
 To all whom it may concern:   I keep receiving such unsolicited messages (please, see below) that represent an obvious scam.  Is there any way to block out the messages from this source? I assume other employees of Enron are also being hit.  Vince Kaminski 
 Keith,  Thanks.  My home address is vkaminski@aol.com,  not wkaminski@aol.com. The name starts with v.  Vince 
 Please, use a new template stored in the   Plans2001   folder for today's project lists.  Over the last few weeks we had several parallel copies of the same file floating around.  I have updated he list of group members in the first sheet. Please, make sure I have not  omitted anybody.  Vince  O:\Research\Common\FROM_WJK\PLANS\2001Plans 
 FYI  Vince 
 Happy New Year.  Vince Kaminski  P.S.  You can also use vkamins@enron.com  It used to be vkamins@enron.ect.com 
 Chris,  The phone has been found and has not been  compromised in any way.  Can you, please, restore the service.  Thanks.  Vince Kaminski 
 SHirley,  Please, renew it.  Vince 
 Sheila,  I am forwarding you a message I received a few days ago. I want to ask you for advice how to handle this case.  My first  reaction was to ignore it. The longer I think about it, the more convinced I become that some action is required.  Let's try to reverse the situation and assume for the sake of argument that a female employee was harassed by a male colleague. An employee informs her boss a few months later about the alleged incident and the boss chooses to ignore it. In many similar cases, courts  subsequently found against the companies that decided to turn a blind eye to such complaints.  The fact that we are dealing with the case of reverse harassment is immaterial. If I ignore this complaint I may expose the company to charges of double standard in handling sexual harassment cases.  My recommendation would be to ask Maureen to attend sensitivity training and sexual harassment prevention class.  Please, let me know what you think. Sorry to burden you with this case.   Vince 
 Eugene,  No problem. Please, contact Stinson Gibner or Zimin Lu.  Vince 
 Grant Masson   Phone: (713) 664 7260 (h) (713) 853 4768 (o) (713) 420 2118 (EPG) (281) 381 9983 (c) (281) 381 9987 (c) Valerie massong@epenergy.com GrantMasson@houston.rr.com 
 FYI  Vince 
 Tanya,  I could not locate the file.  Vince 
 Joe,  We are extremely pleased with the support we receive from your team. The problem was fixed very quickly.  Vince 
 Samer,  I am glad this problem has been taken care of. Hope everything is going well for you. I shall get in touch with you before coming to New York City.  Happy Holidays an the best of luck.  Vince 
 Les,  The same to you. Best Holidays Wishes and a Happy New Year. Hope to see you in Houston in March. I signed up for one training class and I am sending 2 guys to both courses.  Vince 
 Stinson  Iris' interview schedule.  Vince 
 Frank,  Thanks for your message. See you in Houston and Happy Holidays.  Vince 
 Steve,  My phone number is 281 367 5377.  We shall be very glad to join you to celebrate the holidays.  Vince     Enron Technology 
 Nick,  Thanks for your message. My family is in Houston for the Christmas holidays and  this means I am not coming any time soon to Stanford. I shall probably visit the campus for the Parents Weekend. Let's plan to meet for dinner then.  I am very glad that you have recruited the 2nd PhD student for the research project. We are discussing internally what would be the best topic(s) for the project and we should be ready to talk to you in the nearest future about it. It makes a lot of sense for you to visit Enron to finalize the selection of the research topics.  We shall be glad to take both Eric and Giuseppe as summer interns. Everybody  was immensely impressed with Giuseppe and we shall welcome him with open arms.  I shall get in touch with you in the beginning of January to finalize the arrangements for your trip and our meeting at Stanford.  Vince 
 Valery,  I am interested in receiving the preprint. On another note, I would be glad to meet you for lunch/dinner sometimes during the next few weeks.  Please, let me know what would be the best time to meet.  Vince  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com 
 Mike,  Please, schedule an interview with this guy.  Vince 
 Mark,  I left you a message regarding The National Forum on Corporate Finance at  Rice.  They would be delighted if you could serve as a panel  member at this conference.  Here are the coordinates of the professor at Rice who is in charge. I would appreciate if you could call him and let him know if you can attend.  Thanks.  Vince   Prof. David Ikenberry Jones Graduate School of Management Rice University 713-348-5385 
 Shirley,  Please, register me, Lance and Alex for this event.  Vince 
 Glenn,  Please, contact Rudi Zipter to set up an interview with him and David Port.  Vince 
 Vasant,  This list goes to Dave Delainey.  Please, make sure everything is current.  Vince 
 Mike,  The project list I am currently  updating.  Vince 
 Dave,  I am sending you my accomplishments for the last year. I am including also one document (just browse through it quickly) to give you a flavor of some projects I have been working on.  I shall send you shortly an additional document I would like you to browse through (the list of projects my group works on in a typical week) to give you more information about the scope and depth of what we do. It's an internal document and I want to clean it up  Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to  you and  your family.   Vince 
 Tom,  My address:  Vince Kaminski 10 Snowbird The Woodlands  TX 77381  Merry Christmas to you and your family.  Vince 
 Vasant  FYI  Vince 
 Gerry,  Let me review my calendar in the beginning of the next year and I shall E-mail you with a suggested date. My assistant will update my schedule for 2001 in the first week of January and I shall be able to select a date for ypur presentaton.   Vince Kaminski 
 Jim,  Thanks a lot. It is difficult to find a better example example of commitment to Enron and to professional excellence than  our weather guys.  Vince 
 Thanks,  I shall attend.  Vince Kaminski      Tracy L Arthur  12/20/2000 04:20:35 PM 
 Mike,  I am sending you a message regarding a potential candidate.   Please, take a look at him and see if he fits better our group or Mark Tawney's group.  Vince =20 
 FYI  Vince  P.S. Meeting on Wed at 10 
 Krishna,  It looks  like a long shot. It will take a long time to bring this person here.  Vince 
 Ehud,  Best holiday wishes to you and your family.  I owe you an apology for dropping the ball on the conference  I have approached a number of executives at Enron. Greg Whalley speaks in London a day before. Louise Kitchen, the mother  of EnronOnline will ski (this is the week of school holidays in England and her family will come here).  One suggestion I want to make is Rick Causey. I talked to him and he is willing to be a speaker. He is a very senior and important executive of Enron and a UT grad.  Any thoughts?  Vince 
 Kay,  I am glad you liked it. Merry Christmas.  Vince 
 Dolores,  I am glad you liked it. Merry Christmas.  Vince 
 Heather,  I am forwarding this message to 2 groups in Enron that may be interested.  Vince 
 Becky,  The charges to Corp. go to RAC and are based on my projections of expected expenses.  The charges are based on the following assumptions (percentages in the parenthesis show amount of time allocated by each person (group)) to RAC:  1. Value-at-Risk Group (VaR)  MD (25%) VP (60%) Director (100%) 5 managers (100%)  2. Enterprise wide risk management  Manager (100%) Associate (100%)  Currently we hired (or will shortly hire)  4 managers for the VaR group. The expansion of the VaR group was planned based on the requests from RAC for more support.   Vince 
 Sam,  Are you sure  you cannot make it just for a few minutes?  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Molly,  It  seems that we got only Bill Bradford so far.  Given that almost everybody will be out that week, we probably should move the interview to the beginning of January, even if it means higher costs.   Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 David,  The CUSIP of the bond I have is  694308EF0 PGC  8.375%  5/1/25 1st & Ref Mortgage bond, ser 92B.   Vince 
 Juliusz,  Sorry, I have to cancel the lunch meeting today.  Pleas, give a call sometimes today. Maybe we can meet for drinks Friday afternoon.  I am taking the next week off.   Vince 
 Gilian,  No, we don't  additional need more data. I understand Stinson Gibner has already sent you a reply with his findings.  Vince 
 Stinson,  The spreadsheet below shows the allocations I made for EBS. The numbers in magenta show percentage allocations, Of course, Samir and Samer are gone, ad so is Roman. The problem is that once I give the percentages to accounting they become fixed for one year. 
 Steve,  Yes, I read it. I am going to talk about it with Ted Murphy and possibly Rick Buy. As you have correctly pointed out, the model validation issues cannot be handled  internally by Research.  The problem is that everybody is swamped right now with PRCs and end-of-year issues.  I don't think we shall send our  full  VaR model under any circumstances. We can offer to sell a reduced version based on RiskMetrics.  By the way, our meeting Tuesday will start at 11:00  a.m., Houston time.   Vince 
 Mike,  What do you think? I see pro's and con's. The argument against is that during PRCs people comment positively or negatively about a person and this is how the word is spread about an employee. Tony  could benefit from being in a London PRC.   Vince 
 Brian,  No problem.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Can we confirm it?   Vince 
 Shirley,  Is this an upgrade for Maureen?   Vince 
 Test message   Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com 
 I am asking Molly Magee, our HR rep,  to set up an interview for Iris Mack with, depending on your availability between Christmas and New Year.  Iris was interviewed by a number of my associates for a position with the Research Group and my objective is to introduce her to a number of Enron  units that she may eventually support. I shall appreciate your comments.  Vince Kaminski 
 Molly,  This is the list of people we can ask to interview Iris. I would include one (or possibly more) people from  each group below, depending on availability.   1. Debbie Brackett or Bill Bradford 2. Ted Murphy, Bjorn Hagelman or David Port 3. Mark Tawney  or Joe Hrgovcic 4. Greg Whalley or Louise Kitchen  I shall send a message to them explaining that we try to identify the best fit for a good candidate.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Jim,  Can you meet with us tomorrow? One of my associates  worked on a few projects with DPC and will visit them in January. His name is Krishnarao Pinnnamaneni and he will be gone for 3 weeks, starting Wednesday  Please, let Shirley Crenshaw, my assistant (3-5290), know what time would work for you Tuesday.   Vince 
 Dave,  I would like to recommend to you Sandeep Kohli who is likely to approach you regarding a position in your area.  I have  been working with Sandeep for a number of years and I was always impressed with his skills, intelligence and mature, thoughtful approach to solving business problems.  He is currently located in India (our DPC unit) and is looking for a permanent position with Enron in Houston for family reasons (his wife is from Houston and has a family here). Of course, there are some  other obvious factors affecting his decision.  Vince 
 Sheila,  Gran't number:  (281) 381 9987.   This is his cell phone number.   Vince 
 Frank,  We shall have about 30 people, highly technical (Ph.D.,  M.S. level). A presentation of 45 minutes would be optimal, assuming you may arrive around 11:45 - 12:00.   We shall get the projector for you.  Please, keep all the receipts for refund.  Vince 
 Frank,  We are located at 1400 Smith. Any cab driver can identify the Enron building. When you arrive, please, call me at 3-3848  from the reception to be admitted into the building.  Alternative phone numbers: 3-5290 (my assistant Shirley Crenshaw). You can also try to call me on my cell phone: 713 898 9960.  The Research Group meeting starts at 11:30 and lasts till 1:00. Can you make a presentation about your research projects? What audio/video equipment do you need? What sandwich would you like to have for lunch?  We shall make a hotel reservation for you Thursday night.  Vince 
 Shirley,  FYI  Vince 
 http://www.sharperimage.com/us/en/catalog/productview.jhtml?pid=15975000&pcati d=22&catid=22 
 Osman,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Eva,  Thanks.  Vince 
 David,  A follow-up on my voice-mail message regarding Grant.  Dave Delainey is on board regarding Grant. We can bring him back at the same level and comp, assuming that resignation was handled in a professional manner.  DD asked me to work out the details with you. Can we meet to talk about it on Monday?   Vince 
 Norma,  Thanks for your mesage.  1. I shall ask Krishna to reduce his rollover to 40 hrs.  2. Any resolution on bonus for Lance (October 2nd start)? Anita Dupont is in the same situation.  3. Can you send me a copy of exit interview for Grant Masson? There is a special reason I need and I shall explain it to you in person.  4. What time next week would be good for lunch? I would be glad to invite you Molly and Ramona. What about Friday the 22nd?   Vince 
 Anita,  Shirley is out sick today.  Can you, please, confirm my lunch with Bjorn Hagelman (Enron), 11.30 today (Friday).  Please, ask him if he wants me to make reservations? If the answer is Yes, please, make a reservation for 2 at Damian's, 11:45.  Vince 
 Bjorn,  Let's meet 11:30 at the lobby. My cell phone  number is 713 410 5396,  just in case.  Do you want me to make reservations? Can you drive (I took a bus today)?  Vince 
 Kevin,  Can you join us? I  may be 5  minutes late, coming from another meeting.  Vince 
 This request has been satisfied.  Please, drop it from the system.  Vince Kaminski 
 FYI  Vince 
 Shirley,  The cell phone listed is my private phone, not the office cell number.   Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, send a message to Norma to finalize it.  Vince 
 Juliusz,  Wtorek jest najlepszym dniem.  Vince 
 Martin,  Works for me.  Vince  Shirley, Please, put on my schedule. 
 Dave,  No problem. I shall do it  this weekend.  Also, I left you a message regarding Grant Masson (a VP in my group who left and went to work for El Paso 2 months ago).  I made a bet that he would be knocking on our door in a year. I lost. He wants to come back after 2 months.  My recommendation is to take him back. He left on good terms and is quite competent. I would also like to send a message to the group that the grass on the other side of the fence may look greener, but in reality it may be painted hay. "The Return of Grant Masson" would demonstrate that Enron offers best long-term growth opportunities (and that I am good manager).  Grant would come back to his original  VP position. Can we short-circuit the hiring procedures for a VP.  Grant's body is still warm and we can just re-instate him in the original position instead of going through all the loops required to hire a VP.  Vince 
 http://www.educationplanet.com/redirect?url=http://www.nyu.edu/pages/mathmol/ 
 http://www.educationplanet.com/redirect?url=http://www.mathmistakes.com 
 Howard,  Thanks for the message and the paper. We shall hold an internal  follow-up meeting next Monday to review potential projects on which we could cooperate in the future.  Vasant and I will contact you to discuss our recommendations regarding the future research agenda.   Vince 
 Frank,  I assume you want to take advantage of this opportunity. Please, confirm.  I shall notify Andreas.   Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI  Vince 
 Stinson,  Did we resolve this case?  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Frank,  Does this help?  Please, let me know.  Vince 
 Grant,  No problem. Please, give him my E-mail address or the phone number.  Vince 
 Grant,   I shall be in the office for a few hours today (looks like food poisoning). I shall try to call you from home.  I don't see any major problem. I shall call David Oxley and ask how we could structure  the rehire so that you are not hosed this year.  Vince 
 Chris,  I have read the paper.  It reads very well. Two comments.  1. It probably makes sense to include a note on the standard GBM simulation equation and the way it's typically discretized.  2. It will help the reader who did not read the earlier articles to explain what CT is (perhaps a footnote).   I am also including a message I sent to Julie today.  ****************************************************************************** *************** 1. I would like to register 2 members of my group for both courses (in Houston):  a. Paulo Issler b. Alex Huang  I shall attend the course on weather only.  2. I have started the process to issue a check for 5,000 AUD for Lacima. Shirley sent you an update on this. The 2nd installment comes from the budget of our office in Australia. I shall talk to Paul Quilkey today about it. Please, let me know if there is any delay.  3. The book  will be used as textbook for the class I shall be teaching at Rice. Rice Univ bookshop is placing an order.  4. I would like to order 50 copies for my group. What is the best way to place the order?  Can we pay in US dollars? ****************************************************************************** ***************  Best regards.  Vince 
 Josie  2:00 p.m.   wed 
 B&C  800   357  4410  ext  6422  Amy regardinding Telefonica 
 www.afajof.org 
 http://www.pcquote.com/mypcquote/signup/thankyou.php 
 Brokers Bank One    (800) 274 5115 Brown & Co. (800) 261 0539   # 80-271441 IRA # 84-055155 Smith Barney(800) 327 0146 x1528 Dean Witter       965 8777 Prudential  (800) 327 0516  (FL) (407) 394 7546 PaineWebber (713) 654 0371 Rocky Emery                          (800) 713 0231 Julie Haviland 713 654 0324 
 Shirley,  Please, E-mail Christie   the phone # for 1938. She can call in.  Vince 
 Andreas,  Am I entitled to bringing one delegate as a guest, free of charge? Some conferences offer such privileges.  Vince 
 Norma,  I fully concur. What can we do about it? Can we change the job classificati= on=20 retroactively?  Vince 
 Julie,  A few issues.  1. I would like to register 2 members of my group for both courses (in Houston):  a. Paulo Issler b. Alex Huang  I shall attend the course on weather only.  2. I have started the process to issue a check for 5,000 AUD for Lacima. Shirley sent you an update on this. The 2nd installment comes from the budget of our office in Australia. I shall talk to Paul Quilkey today about it. Please, let me know if there is any delay.  3. The book  will be used as textbook for the class I shall be teaching at Rice. Rice Univ bookshop is placing an order.  4. I would like to order 50 copies for my group. What is the ebst way to place the order?  Can we pay in US dollars?  Vince 
 Stephanie,  Please, discontinue CREDIT and renew the two other publications: Energy & Power Risk Management and The Journal of Computational Finance.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Jim,  Sorry for the delay in responding to your message. I was traveling extensively and was overwhelmed with many different projects.  I shall be glad to speak at the Gamma Iota Sigma dinner. Unfortunately, I cannot make a presentation to your class (it would require leaving the office for two days in a row).  I can, however, promise to come on another day and speak to your students.  I hope everything is going well for you. By the way, your former student, Shane Green, has joined us for 12 month and is doing exceptionally well.  Vince 
 Frank,  Looks good.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Steve,  That would be great.  Vince 
 Tanya,  No problem.  Vince 
 Christie,  This is regarding the risk management project.  I shall set up a separate meeting with Jeff regarding Wharton Tiger Team. I would appreciate if you could call in as well.  Vince 
 David,  No problem. Please, let me know when you have it.  Vince 
 Krishna,  No problem. Approved.  Vince 
   Australia  Enron Australia Pty Ltd Level 21 9 Castlereagh Street Sydney NSW 2000 phone: 61-2-9229-2300 fax: 61-2-9229-2350  Indonesia 
 Thor,  We have modeled this structure a few times in the past. Paulo Issler will call you shortly to talk about it.  Vince 
 Iris,  I have received your E-mail and phone message. I shall distribute your papers to the other interviewers.  Also, I shall contact you by Thursday regarding a job offer.  Vince 
 Ed's cell  816  719  3095 
 Please, remove me from the list. 
 Steve, Not a bad move for NEM.  I got it at 17.5 when the option was exercised against me.  Vince 
 Please, remove me from the list. 
 Please remove me from the list. 
 Please, remove  me from the list.  VInce 
 John,  He is currently a student at Carnegie Mellon, one-year computational finance program. I got his resume recruiting in  the campus. I would recommend him as a potential hire (my group or trading).  Vince 
 Jim,  Thanks for coming. I shall arrange o follow up meting, once the PRCs are over.  Vince 
 Todd,  We have several members of the group who can help you. One of them is Steve Leppard located in London.  Vince 
 Brad,  He is a great kid. I hope his interviews go well tomorrow.  Vince 
 David,  I talked to JS. His PR person in London will contact you.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Can you reserve the room for Tue, Dec 19, 3:30?  Vince 
 George,  Let's move the meeting to 3:30 on Tuesday, December 19.  Vince 
 Christie,  Thanks for taking initiative on the trip so quickly. Let's meet with Jeff Shankman to discuss the agenda. I shall try to organize a meeting next week after PRCs are over.  I agree with your assessment of the group. I was greatly impressed with the caliber of the students.  Vince 
 Norma,  No problem. I shall see you at 8:00 anyway. Shirley comes at 7:00 and leaves at 4:00.   Vince 
 Review for Tue. 
 Clayton,  We can offer the seminar / discussion session on Monday, December 18, at 3:30. Please, let me know if this would work.   Vince      Clayton Vernon @ ENRON 12/07/2000 01:55 PM 
 Jeff,  FYI   Vince 
 Anurag,  I shall talk about Vikas to our IT people. Can you send me his resume?  Vince 
 Bessik,  I left a message for Michael. He is on vacation.  Vince 
 John,  It does not sound silly to me.  I don't get that many opportunities to sit down with those guys in a relaxed atmosphere and chat.  I shall read the notes and get back to you. I have just come back from Philadelphia and have to catch up  with a few things.  Vince 
 Dentist on  Jan 25, 7:45.  Send E-mail to Ed. 
 Shirley,  Please, renew my membership.  Vince 
 Dentist on  Jan 25, 7:45.  Send ED-mail to Ed. 
 Aziz,  Yes. If you are interested in joining us next summer as an intern, we would be very happy to have you.  Please, send me your resume.  Vince 
 Mark,  FYI  Vince 
 Louise,  Thanks.  My understanding is that they offer it through video conferences.   Vince 
 Remove 
 Kevin,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Andrea,  It's fine with me. Few points:  1. As a courtesy to Maureen Raymond, please, discuss the timing with her.  2. Yana is not a member of the Analyst/Associate pool. THIS IS NOT A ROTATION. She was hired directly and   this means that we transfer her permanently to your unit.   Vince 
 Louise,  I am sending you a resume I received today. She graduated from the same university in Poland I attended (many moons earlier). She recently got an additional degree in e-commerce.  Vince 
 Charlie,  Thanks a lot. It was a very quick response. Steve Horn was greatly impressed.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Test 
 Yannis,  Thanks. We shall contact Chris later this week. I am going to Wharton this afternoon and I shall come back on Thu.  Vince 
 Shirley,  What day is she coming?  Vince 
 Megan,  Thanks for your interest in the Research Group. Please, call me next week (Tuesday and later) and stop by. I would like to talk to you for a few minutes before we shall go ahead with a formal interview.   Vince 
 Please, remove me from the distribution list.   vkamins@enron.com 
 Anita,  My standard sandwich. Tuna, mayo, tomato, swiss, lettuce on whole wheat. OJuice  Thanks.   Vince 
 Diane,  Thanks  Vince 
 John,  My mailing address is:  Vince Kaminski Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Room EB 1962 Houston, TX 77002  Thanks for remembering about me.  Vince 
 http://www.pur.com/index.html  User name  -  2000208 Password   -  quality 
 Ken  Enron supports employees' involvement in civic organization and I think you should continue tour involvement with LWF. It's important that we give  something back  to society. You don't have to take a day off to attend workshops.  Vince 
 David,  Yes, I got some cash for you. Please, give me a call Tuesday.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, inform the rest of the group.  Vince 
 John,  Take a look at this resume. This guy is sold on Enron.  Vince 
 Mike,  The later hour works perfectly for me.  Vince 
 Erik,  I regret to inform you I had to cancel my presentation. I am working on another presentation on the same topic for a different audience, and I shall send you the slides.  Vince Kaminski 
 http://www.cartoonbank.com/ 
 Shirley,  I have no clue. I shall ignore it.  Vince 
 Stinson,  We talked to him. He is OK, but too expensive (or we are too cheap).  Vince 
 Sevil,  Please, make sure you provide this information ASAP.  Vince 
 Start project  with Elene for Mark 
 ISBN: 0124458904 Title: Microscopic Simulation of Financial Markets Author: LEVY/LEVY/SOLOMON Cover: CaseBound Published: June 2000 US Price: $69.95 
 Jim,  No changes in the schedule. The meeting will take place, as scheduled, on the 6th of December at 9:00 a.m. We may have to cancel lunch with the professors as they have other commitments. The meeting will last about 2 hours.  Vince 
 Erica,  Yes, no problem.  Vince 
 Another thought. Please, send me your resume, I shall forward it to our head trader.   Vince 
 Pierre Philippe,  We have two options. Kevin will be interviewing in mid-December in Pittsburgh and  he can talk to you  you or we can invite you to Houston.  What are you interested in? A quant position or a trading job?  Our trading desks are looking for people with trading experience.  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Philip,  Thanks for keeping me in mind. Yes, I would be interested.  Vince 
 Molly,  We can pay for the plane ticket. We have to make sure that we shall extend the same treatment to other summer interns to avoid bad feelings.  Vince 
 Stinson,  I think the gamma will flow into V@R.  Vince 
 Nie , jestem jedynym Polakiem urodzonym w Polsce. Prosze zadzwonic do mnie (713) 853 3848.   Vince 
 Tod,  I have no interest in the JPM product. I like to manage my own investments as a hobby (expensive as it may be).  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince  P.S. I shall   take 3 vacation days  12/27 through 12/29 (Wed through Fri). This leaves me with two extra vacation days I would like to take off in December. I shall give you the dates later.  I shall roll remaining 5 vacation  days into 2001. 
 Shirley,  Please, register me for this conference.  Vince 
 Van,  It's nice to hear from you. I am sure that you can always come back to Enron if you don't like living in New York.  I used to work for Salomon and chances are you will be working in the same building in lower Manhattan where I spent 7  years of my life.  I hope you have a great Holiday  Season.   Vicne 
 Mike,  The name of Anjam's replacement is Sharad Agnihotri.  Vince 
 Martin,  I can join the car pool.  Vince 
 Vasant,  Thanks. See you  on Saturday.  Vince 
 Norma,  I could not open the message. I get the message: Encrypted, not intended for you.  Vince 
 Gary,  Stinson will contact you in the morning, Thu, regarding the trip.  Vince 
 http://multimedia.lycos.com/search.asp?type=all&idx=all&for=all&query=Jay+Leno &ff=on 
 Norma,  I am sending you preliminary rankings for my entire group, based on the results of a meeting we held on Tuesday. We have ranked Shalesh Ganjoo and Clayton, in case it's still our responsibility.   Vince  Permanent goup members, manager and below:  Superior:  1. Martin Lin 2. Joe Hrgovcic 3. Tom Haliburton 4. Jose Marquez  Excellent  1. Paulo Issler 2. Robert Lee 3. Chonawee Supatgiat 4. Amitava Dhar 5. Alex Huang 6. Kevin Kindall 7. Praveen Mellacheruvu 8. Shanhe Green 9. Stephen Bennett  Strong  1. Lance Cunningham 2. Clayton Vernon 3. Youyi Feng 4. Yana Kristal 5. Sevil Yaman  Permanent goup members, directors:  Superior  1. Krishnarao Pinnamaneni  Excellent  1. Osman Sezgen 2. Tanya Tamarchenko 3. Zimin Lu  Satisfactory  1. Maureen Raymond   Associates, analysts  Superior  1. Shalesh Ganjoo 2. Gwyn Koepke   Excellent  1. Hector Campos 2. Kate Lucas 3. Sun Li 4. Roman Zadorozhny 5. Charles Weldon 
 Norma,  Vince J Kaminski/HOU/ECT@ECT, Stinson Gibner/HOU/ECT@ECT, Pinnamaneni Krishnarao/HOU/ECT@ECT, Vasant Shanbhogue/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mike A Roberts/HOU/ECT@ECT, Joseph Hrgovcic/HOU/ECT@ECT, Tanya Tamarchenko/HOU/ECT@ECT, Zimin Lu/HOU/ECT@ECT, Martin Lin/HOU/ECT@ECT, Maureen Raymond/HOU/ECT@ECT, Osman Sezgen/HOU/EES@EES, Paulo Issler/HOU/ECT@ECT, Amitava Dhar/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Alex Huang/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Kevin Kindall/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Kevin G Moore/HOU/ECT@ECT, Clayton Vernon/Corp/Enron@ENRON, William Smith/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Jose Marquez/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Chonawee Supatgiat/Corp/Enron@Enron, Shalesh Ganjoo/HOU/ECT@ECT, Tom Halliburton/Corp/Enron@Enron, Elena Chilkina/Corp/Enron@Enron, Sevil Yaman/Corp/Enron@Enron, Sofya Tamarchenko/NA/Enron@Enron, Bob Lee/NA/Enron@Enron, Gwyn Koepke/NA/Enron@Enron, Hector Campos/HOU/ECT@ECT, Anita DuPont/NA/Enron@ENRON, Youyi Feng/NA/Enron@Enron, V Charles Weldon/HOU/ECT@ECT, Yana Kristal/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Praveen Mellacheruvu/HOU/EES@EES, Li Sun/NA/Enron@Enron, Stephen Bennett/NA/Enron@ENRON, Roman Zadorozhny/HOU/EES@EES, Lance Cunningham/NA/Enron@ENRON, Leann Walton/NA/Enron@ENRON, Shane Green/HOU/EES@EES, Seksan Kiatsupaibul/HOU/EES@EES, Kate Lucas/HOU/ECT@ECT, Nelson Neale/NA/Enron@Enron, Rabi De/NA/Enron@ENRON, Kenneth Parkhill/NA/Enron@ENRON  I am sending you preliminary rrankings for my entire group, based on the results of a meeting we held on Tuesday.   Permanent goup members, manager and below:  Superior:  1. Martin Lin 2. Joe Hrgovcic 3. Tom Haliburton 4. Jose Marquez  Excellent  1. Paulo Issler 2. Robert Lee 3. Chonawee Supatgiat 4. Amitava Dhar 5. Alex Huang 6. Kevin Kindall 7. Praveen Mellacheruvu 8. Shanhe Green 9. Stephen Bennett  Strong  1. Lance Cunningham 2. Clayton Vernon 3. Youyi Feng 4. Yana Kristal 5. Sevil Yaman  Permanent goup members, directors:  Superior  1. Krishnarao Pinnamaneni  Excellent  1. Osman Sezgen 2. Tanya Tamarchenko 3. Zimin Lu  Satisfactory  1. Maureen Raymond   Associates, analysts  Superior  1. Shalesh Ganjoo 2. Gwyn Koepke   Excellent  1. Hector Campos 2. Kate Lucas 3. Sun Li 4. Roman Zadorozhny 5. Charles Weldon 
 Hi Helyette,  Congratulations on your papers.  The purchase contract is in the last stage of approvals (it's circulating through different parts of the company where it has to be signed). I think we should be able to execute the contract  in the first few days of December.  I shall let you know as soon as our internal process is completed.  Vince 
 Anita,  Two weeks I mentioned was just to indicate an approximate duration of the stay. I would leave the final decision to Iris, in coordination with Vasant and Amitava, based on the business need.  One week, with the possibility of extension if necessary is fine.  Vince 
 Stephanie,  Thanks for remembering about me. Yes, I want to renew.  Vince 
 Donna,  Thanks for the restaurant recommendation. I would appreciate if you could coordinate the dinner with the students and the faculty. You can expect 4 persons from Enron but the restaurant should allow for some flexibility, just in case. If the restaurant needs a credit card number or a security deposit, you can refer them to my assistant, Shirley Crenshaw at 713 853 5290.   Vince 
 John,  The books have arrived and I shall FedEx them tonight to your university address (shown at the bottom of your messages). Still fishing for the paper on network economy.  Vince  P.S. Shirley, the address is at the bottom. 
 Alison,  My group needs generally people with advanced skills in mathematics and programming. I shall try to help you by forwarding your resume (with your permission) to other units of Enron. Please, let me know if it's OK with you.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 John,  FYI  Vince 
 Laine,  I can initial it. Please, contact Beth Perlman as an IT officer. I shall explain the reason we are buying the software to her.  I want the software to reside in our London office - the software is used primarily by European utilities and we shall use it as a pricing tool in negotiations with European clients.  Vince 
 Zimin,  We upgraded her to EXCELLENT.  Vince 
 Shalesh,  Thanks.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Vasant,  Thanks. Let's contact Wharton next week.  Vince 
 Soussan,  It seems we have planned for all contingencies. Look forward to meeting you next week.  Vince 
 John,  Thanks. Stinson will be able to join us for dinner. He is opting out of the paper due to his big workload but we can get his perspective on=20 the last 8 years he spent at Enron.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Can you, please, arrange a phone interview:  Alex, Lance, Vasant and myself.  Vince 
 Frank,  Thanks. I have given your name to the employee  Energy and Power Risk Management magazine who organizes Power2001 Conference in Houston (May of 2001).   Vince 
 Frank,  I have reviewed materials from GARP but did not find any information about the speaker's perks (like, for example, the right to invite another person, free of charge).  I shall message GARP with this question.  Please, give me a few more days to think about GARP presentation.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Claudio,  I have done it twice in the past. I shall be glad to help again.  Vince 
 Soussan,  Let's meet at Westin Oaks next to the reception around 6:30 p.m. Thursday. There are several nice restaurants within a walking distance to the Galleria. I shall make a reservation (is Italian or a steakhouse OK?).  You can reach me on Thursday at my cell phone 713 410 5396.  Look forward to meeting you.  Vince 
 http://globalarchive.ft.com/globalarchive/articles.html?id=001106001596&query= electricity+board 
 Tom,  We are currently space constrained but we shall always take a qualified candidate. Please, ask George to send me a resume and we shall get in touch with him to arrange a phone/on-location interview.   Vince 
 John,  FYI  Vince 
 Molly,  I think you called his bluff. If he does not fax a copy of his paycheck stub, we should not talk to him. He never talked to me about  it. If he made a true statement about his compensation, he should have no reservations about sending us the confirmation.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Molly,  Thanks. I has a very good time visiting my son in California.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Shirley,  $1,861.32 $ 709.39  Vince 
 Molly,  I would like to invite Iris for an interview. You can contact her at the addresses she listed below or at her E-mail address.  The following persons will participate at the interview:  Stinson Gibner Zimin Lu Tanya Tamarchenko Vasant Shanbhogue myself   Stinson and I will take her out to lunch.  Vince 
 Dale,  Thanks for your message. In our phone conversation before the meeting  you= =20 mentioned=20 another contractual arrangement under which we could work with  your  compa= ny=20 employees on a case-study.  The cost of a weekly project  would be $12,000 that would be applied to the= =20 purchase price should we go ahead and decide to acquire the software. This project would allow us= =20 to evaluate the model and come up with an estimate of the manpower necessary to support  the model=20 internally.  Please, let me know more about this option.  We are primarily interested in a long-term natural gas model and the databa= se=20 for North America. =20 Unless a familiarity with the short term model is a prerequisite, we don't= =20 have resources to spend too much time on it.  Of course, a trading desk may be interested in the short term version of the model. I shall talk to them about it.  Vince 
 Anurag,  No message attached.  Nice to hear from you again.  Vince 
 Steve,  I talked to Mike about taking you out to dinner sometimes next week. Let's close the loop on this on Friday.  Vince 
 http://www.evite.com/reminders?li=reg 
 Soussan,  Thanks for your message. It would be great to meet you when you come to Houston. I shall be in town on December 7,  flying back from Philly in the morning. Assuming that the flight is on schedule, I shall be available for dinner. Please, let me know how I can contact you on Thursday, December the 7th, to confirm.  Look forward to meeting you.  Vince 
 Jeff,  I am sending you a draft of the outline  of the course on energy derivatives. I would  appreciate your comments before I finalize it.  By the way, did we agree on the time schedule for the class? Tuesday or Thursday evening would work for me.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, invite them for a preliminary interview, Stinson, Zimin, Paulo and myself.  Vince 
 Michelle,  FYI  Vince 
 Paulo,  FYI. I shall lok at it at home as well.  Vince 
 FYI  Any recollection?   Vince 
 Hi Iris,  Thanks for your messages. Please, call me on my cell phone (713) 410 5396 or at my office (713) 853 3848.  By the way, the 2nd file you sent is password protected.  Vince 
 Theresa,  Thanks. I appreciate it. Happy Thanksgiving and please give my regards and best wishes to Howard.  Vince 
 Jeff,  Her name is Corey.  Vince 
 Norma  FYI  Vince 
 Norma,  I talked to G. Koepke, an associate reporting to Maureen She told me that things have  significantly  improved in recent weeks.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Patricia,  Barbara Pierce did not show up on my list of people asking for a review. Maybe a glitch in the system.  Vince 
 Allan,  I shall be glad to meet you. I am planning to attend the Energy Symposium and we can meet on the location. If business keeps me at the office, feel free to contact me at 713 853 3848 and we can schedule a meeting during the day or in the evening.  Vince 
 Helen,  FYI.  Vince 
 Iris,  Yu can reach me on my cell phone during the coming holidays. 713 410 5396  Vince 
 Stinson,  Should we do it?  Vince 
 Larry,  Thanks. Can you forward the resume to Mike and/or other finance professionals in Enron who could use James?  Vince 
 I would like to invite you to join mewhen I visit to  the Wharton Risk Management and Decision Processes Center on December 6. The meeting will take place in the morning, 9:00 - 12:00, followed by lunch.  The description of the Center is at the bottom of the message. The Web site address is http://grace.wharton.upenn.edu/risk/index.html.  The objective of the trip is to discuss joint research projects in the area of risk management and alternative risk transfer.  Please, feel free to contact me  with  recommendations regarding discussion and potential research topics.  The best hotel to stay in is The Inn at Penn.  http://www.innatpenn.com/contact.html THE INN AT PENN Sansom Common, 3600 Sansom Street Philadelphia, PA. 19104 Phone: 1-800-809-7001 Fax: 215-222-4600  Vince Kaminski    The mission of the Wharton Risk Management and Decision Processes Center is to carry out a program of basic and applied research to promote effective policies and programs for low-probability events with potentially catastrophic consequences. The Center is especially concerned with natural and technological hazards and with the integration of industrial risk management policies with insurance. The Center is also concerned with promoting a dialogue among industry, government, interest groups and academics through its research and policy publications and through sponsored workshops, roundtables and forums. 
 Shirley,  Please, send a copy of the book to Pedro Fernando.  Vince 
 John,  The outline of a message to Nesbitt.   Dale,  Thanks for your message. In our phone conversation before the meeting  you mentioned another contractual arrangement under which we could work with  your  company employees on a case-study.  The cost of a weekly project  would be $12,000 that would be applied to the purchase price should we go ahead and decide to acquire the software. This project would allow us to evaluate the model and come up with an estimate of the manpower necessary to support  the model internally.  Please, let me know more about this option.  Vince 
 Gillian,  Stinson will be in the office on Wednesday.  Vince 
 Carlos,  I need their phone numbers.  Vince 
 Please, take a look at the 1st resume and let me know what you think (Shelly Wood).  Vince 
 Larry,  Please take a look at the 2nd resume and let mew know what you think ( - JPBresume2.doc.)  Vince 
 Paul,  We shall invite  both of them for an interview.  Vince 
 John,  george.hopley@enron.com  Vince 
 Carlos,  Please, forward their resumes to us and we shall set up an interview for them.  Vince 
 Becky,  Becky,  I have called  you this morning about it. It makes perfect sense.  Vince 
 Shirley,  I probably asked you about it already. I want to renew.  Vince 
 Shalesh,  Please, look into it. Can we give them this information? I see a remote possibility of a gain for Enron: it's in our interest to support the growth of this market and part of the process is development of the infrastructure for this market and maintaining public interest.  Vince 
 Yann,  I have forwarded this request to a member of my group who supports Enron Broadband Services.  He will check into availability of data and confidentiality issues.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, register me for this conference.  Vince 
 John,  Please, contact George Hopley at Enron.    (713) 853-9463  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, arrange a phone interview. TT, VK, SG, ZL.  Vince 
 Christine,  We shall arrange a phone interview with you.  Vince 
 Scott,  I appreciate your input. Thanks.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, arrange a phone interview next week. TT,  SG, ZL, VK.  Vince 
 Pam,  Please, let me know how I can submit the grades. I gave my students April the 30th as a deadline to submit their reports and I shall be able to send you the grades by May the 4th.  Is E-mail OK?  Vince 
 Nina,  We shall contact you for a phone interview.   Vince 
 Claudio.  Who was the professor who came up with the request?  Vince 
 Renee,  I have passed on your resume to 3 people.  Vince 
 Patrick,  Please, contact Zimin Lu, 713 853 6388.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Thanks for arranging this. Happy Thanksgiving to you and your Family.  Vince 
 Jennifer,  This is the address of the hotel within a walking distance to the Wharton School. Please, make the reservation for Jeff Shankman at this hotel for the December the 6th meeting.   Vince Kaminski  http://www.innatpenn.com/contact.html THE INN AT PENN Sansom Common, 3600 Sansom Street Philadelphia, PA. 19104 Phone: 1-800-809-7001 Fax: 215-222-4600   Please, mention that the stay is related to the University business when making the reservation. Tom Piazze at Wharton can confirm it. Tom Piazze Phone: (215) 898 1615 piazzet@wharton.upenn.edu 
 Tanya,  No problem.  Vince 
 Stinson,  He is looking for blanket approach to our disk, both read and write. Is it legitimate?  Vince 
 Danielle  FYI. This is the information regarding the best hotel for the meeting on December the 6th, 9:00 - 12:00.  Vince   http://www.innatpenn.com/contact.html THE INN AT PENN Sansom Common, 3600 Sansom Street Philadelphia, PA. 19104 Phone: 1-800-809-7001 Fax: 215-222-4600   Please, mention that the stay is related to the University business when making the reservation. Tom Piazze at Wharton can confirm it. Tom Piazze Phone: (215) 898 1615 piazzet@wharton.upenn.edu 
 David,  I can ask our CEO John Sherriff. Please, let me know by 10:00 a.m. Central Time, Wednesday.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Rick,  FYI  Vince 
 Shirley,  No,that's it.  Vince 
 Alex,  As promised.  Vince 
 Steve,  My feedback on Kirstee.  Vince 
 Steve,  I have finished Kirstee. I shall call you in a few minutes.   Vince 
 I am teaching a class at Rice and one of my very bright students sent her resume in response to this posting. Do you know who posted this job?  Vince Kaminski 
 Crawford Garage    Phone: (281) 363 2132 (281) 363 0085 
 Paulo,  Can you please, help him with this?  Vince 
 Ezequiel,  I have forwarded your resume to our Analyst/Associate program with a request to accept you as summer intern. If the summer program is full, my group will hire you directly for the summer.  Vince 
 Jim,  I shall be glad to talk to them.  Vince 
 Hello Charlene,  I am forwarding you a resume of a student from Berkeley. We would  like very much to have him as a summer intern with my group.  Please, let me know if your program can accommodate him.  Vince 
 Sam,  Good thinking. I shall also write an article over the weekend so we shall have one in reserve.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Corey, Paula West Trilium Court 107 The Woodlands, TX 77381   Phone: (409) 321 5825 (h) (713) 853 9948 (w) (713) 569 7763 (c) 
 Shirley,  Yes.  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Gary,  Any interest in this candidate? His profile does not exactly match my  requirements.  Vince 
 Paul,  Can you give me more information about  your computer skills?  My group is very hands-on oriented and  computer programming is a critical skill.   Vince 
 Jinbaek,  May 30 sounds good. I shall inform our HR department.  I don't see any project I could get going with your advisor on such a short notice.  When you come here you can determine in what area he could make the biggest contribution to Enron. I shall call or E-mail him independently and talk to him.  Vince 
 Vasant,  I gave my slot to Zimin.  We are organizing a group with RAC to send a few people to this conference at a discount to full cost.  Vince 
 Shirley,  2 expense checks:   $8,937.30 $4,971.30   Vince 
 Larry,  Please, take a look at this candidate. I don't think his profile matches my requirements, but he looks quite interesting.  Vince 
 Rick,  I asked Greg Whalley and he declined (he has a speaking engagement in London  a day before).  I have sent an invitation to Louise Kitchen and she has not replied yet. I  shall catch her at the management conference in San Antonio and ask for a commitment. It would help if you could mention this to her as well.  Vince 
 Eric,  FYI  Vince 
 Sam,  This is the paper by Sharad.  I shall Stinson  to do some editing.  Vince 
 Tanya, Naveen,  Just a thought. Changes in the portfolio values may combine both the changes of prices and positions. This happens if one tracks changes in the value of our historical gas portfolio. A big jump in the volumetric position from day to day, combined with a moderate price movement may produce an observation that looks artificially big.  If the volumetric position was frozen, it's just a scaling factor and there should be no discrepancy between your numbers. Of course, the correct approach is to separate the price process from the position changes.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Lunch with Kristin is scheduled for the 20th of this month (Monday).  Vince 
 Frank,  I am definitely interested in the resume. I can meet the candidate on campus when I visit my son. I am planning to come to Palo Alto around Thanksgiving.  Also, Energy and Power Risk Management (an English publication) organizes every year in Houston a POWER RISK conference (typically in May). They ask me for recommendations regarding speakers. Would you be interested in participating?  Vince 
 Lance.  Perfect.  Vince 
 It's OK to delay the materials for Duffie. He is very busy anyway and is not going to complain.  Vince 
 Krishna,  FYI   Vince 
 Paulo, Alex,  Any interest?  Vince 
 Mike,  FYI  Vince 
 Eric,  I have one on EGS, one on Dhabol and a recent one on entrepreneurship  in Enron. You can buy the case studies from the HBS web-site.  Vince 
 713 303 5973 
 Jens,  I think I have cc'ed  you on this. John Nowlan approved and Stinson Gibner has the curves available for you.  Vince 
 Stinson,  He keeps bugging us about it. Any thoughts what we should do?  Vince 
 Vincent & Ludmila Kaminski 10 Snowbird The Woodlands, TX 77381 
 Bryan,  We shall be glad to  take a look at the system. To sign - off on the vendor provided system we have to look under the hood and review the algorithms. I hope the vendor will have no objections to it.  Another critical issue we have to solve on a short notice is to integrate the system you want to buy with the rest of VaR/credit systems. We shall stand by to help in this endeavor.  An alternative approach is to evaluate to what extent your positions can be rolled into the existing risk systems.   Vince 
 Location 0-413 Compnay  0741 PIN 003778 
 Rick and Ted,  It looks more like foxes building chicken houses as opposed to foxes guarding chicken houses.  I shall send a message to Bryan saying that the Research has to look under the hood and examine the mechanics of the model in order to sign off on it. A dog and pony show is not sufficient. In any case, the decision to approve the model should not be left to Ben and Kirstee.  Please, let me know what your thinking is.   Vince 
 Mark,  It was done in collaboration with John Sherriff.  Vince 
 Eric,  I have a number of case studies on Enron but not the one on Sutton Bridge. I know that Peter Tufano was working on it  but when  I checked the HBS site and tried to purchase it, I could not locate it.  When I talked to Peter a few months ago, he told me that the case study was ready and he  was going through Enron's internal approvals.  I cc Mark Palmer on it. Maybe he knows about this specific case study.  I wander if it was completed, given Sutton Bridge developments.  Vince 
 David,  I regret to inform you I am unable to attend the conference due to previous commitments. Would you consider a speakers form our London office?  Vince 
 Jeff,  I want to bring  Aram Sogomonian back to Enron at a VP level. According to new human resources procedures this decision requires a support of three senior executives.  I want to ask you to express your opinion on Aram (based on a phone interview or just on your past interactions with him). You can send a reply to Norma Villarreal at H/R.  Thanks.  Vince 
 Rick,  I want to bring  Aram Sogomonian back to Enron at s VP level. According to new human resources procedures this decision requires a support of three senior executives.  I want to ask you to express your opinion on Aram (based on a phone interview or just on your past interactions with him). You can send a reply to Norma Villarreal at H/R.  Thanks.  Vince 
 Molly,  It would be Tanya.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Gentlemen,  I recommend that we purchase this package and split the cost 3 ways between 3 power trading desks. I think that we should go for option 3 (~ $15,000).  Lance Cunningham in my group looked at this software package and found it very useful for modeling transmission problems. Please, feel free to ask him for technical details in support of this recommendation.  Vince 
 Lance,  Please, ask Shirley to order.  Vince 
 Steve,  I assume it's 9:00 a.m.  my time, Monday. It works for me.  I haven't responded in time to the your message re Thursday. I had a few back to back meetings in the morning and I read your message quite late into the day.  Vince 
 Lance,  Any interest?  Vince 
 Kevin,  Please, call me tomorrow to finalize the list.  Vince 
 Michele,  Friday morning would work better for me.  Vince 
 Greg,  This is the info  about the  WEBI program at Wharton.  Vince 
 David,  Possibly.  Vince 
 Stinson,  I think I read one of his papers. Mechanical application of one technique to power prices, no useful insights.  We can still invite him.  Vince 
 Sam,  We shall go with Sharad for next Monday.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI  Vince 
 Cathy,  Thanks.  Please, add my assistant to the distribution is. Her name is Shirley Crenshaw.  Vince 
 Sam,  Thanks for forward thinking. What about a new asscoiate Kate Lucas or Sharad?  I shall beat on people (or myself) to produce     Enron North America Corp. 
 Stinson,  I should be. I shall be driving back from Waco and barring any emergency I shall join you.  Vince 
 Jean-Pierre,  Sorry. I have previous commitments on these days.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, register me for this.  Vince 
 Neil,  I shall do the review with pleasure.  Vince 
 Donna,  Jeff Shankman will join me for the kickoff. We would like to invite the students and faculty members to dinner, following the presentation.  Any recommendations regarding the restaurant?  Vince 
 FYI  My trip to Wharton (yes, again).  Vince 
 David,  When do you need my signature. I missed the presentation last Tuesday (I was sick) and would like a day or two to review the product.  Vince 
 Kevin,  The donuts are a great idea. I think we should add Jeff and John as well (baskets).  Vince 
 Iris,  We can mention to Ben that the papers will be edited and combined into a coherent review.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Please, take a look.  Vince 
 Frank,  Great idea. I think it will be an opportunity to brainstorm about the problem.   Vince 
 Ehud,  November 15 is a bad day for me. I shall be in San Antonio for our annual management conference. Practically everybody who  counts in Enron will be there.  Still no response from Louise. I shall catch her tomorrow in person.  Vince 
 Tom,  Electronic version is OK.  Vince 
 Matt,  With  pleasure.  Vince 
 Tani,  Confirmed.  Vince 
 Christie,  I am forwarding you a message I have received from the University of Houston. Can you help them? We have a very good relationship with the UoH.  Vince 
 Tani,  Look forward to meeting you in Houston. What about Wednesday, 10 a.m. or 8 a.m.?  Vince 
 Poetry Analysis/ Discussion    Tulips  The tulips are too excitable, it is winter here. Look how white everything is, how quiet, how snowed-in. I am learning peacefulness, lying by myself quietly As the light lies on these white walls, this bed, these hands. I am nobody; I have nothing to do with explosions. I have given my name and my day-clothes up to the nurses And my history to the anesthetist and my body to surgeons.  They have propped my head between the pillow and the sheet-cuff Like an eye between two white lids that will not shut. Stupid pupil, it has to take everything in. The nurses pass and pass, they are no trouble, They pass the way gulls pass inland in their white caps, Doing things with their hands, one just the same as another, So it is impossible to tell how many there are.  My body is a pebble to them, they tend it as water Tends to the pebbles it must run over, smoothing them gently. They bring me numbness in their bright needles, they bring me sleep Now I have lost myself I am sick of baggage My patent leather overnight case like a black pillbox, My husband and child smiling out of the family photo; Their smiles catch onto my skin, little smiling hooks.  I have let things slip, a thirty-year~old cargo boat Stubbornly hanging on to my name and address. They have swabbed me clear of my loving associations. Scared and bare on the green plastic-pillowed trolley I watched my teaset, my bureaus of linen, my books Sink out of sight, and the water went over my head. I am a nun now, I have never been so pure.  I didn't want any flowers, I only wanted To lie with my hands turned up and be utterly empty. How free it is, you have no idea how free - The peacefulness is so big it dazes you, And it asks nothing, a name tag, a few trinkets. It is what the dead close on, finally; I imagine them Shutting their mouths on it, like a Communion tablet.  The tulips are too red in the first place, they hurt me. Even through the gift paper I could hear them breathe Lightly, through their white swaddlings, like an awful baby. Their redness talks to my wound, it corresponds. They are subtle: they seem to float, though they weigh me down Upsetting me with their sudden tongues and their color, A dozen red lead sinkers round my neck.  Nobody watched me before, now I am watched. The tulips turn to me, and the window behind me Where once a day the light slowly widens and slowly thins, And I see myself, flat, ridiculous, a cut-paper shadow Between the eye of the sun and the eyes of the tulips, And I have no face, I have wanted to efface myself The vivid tulips eat my oxygen.  Before they came the air was calm enough, Coming and going, breath by breath, without any fuss. Then the tulips filled it up like a loud noise. Now the air snags and eddies round them the way a river Snags and eddies round a sunken rust-red engine. They concentrate my attention, that was happy Playing and resting without committing itself.  The walls, also, seem to be warming themselves. The tulips should be behind bars like dangerous animals; They are opening like the mouth of some great African cat, And I am aware of my heart: it opens and closes Its bowl of red blooms out of sheer love of me. The water I taste is warm and salt, like the sea, And comes from a country far away as health. 
 http://www.hebdenbridge.co.uk/plath/bib.html 
 Shirley,  Please, send this memo to the entire group and ask if this demo was given to anybody in our group.  Vince 
 Ehud,  I want to invite Louise Kitchen to this conference. She is the President of EnronOnLine. Greg Whalley will be in London this day.  Vince 
 Tom,  Can you send me additional copies of the information about the WeBI program? I want to distribute it internally.  Vince 
 Lance,  Any interest?  Vince 
 John D. Martin Carr P. Collins Chair in Finance Baylor University, Finance Department PO Box 98004 Waco, TX 76798 Phone: (254) 710 4473 (o) 4474 (sec) (254) 757 0852 (Home) Fax  : (254) 710 1092 (Fax) J_Martin@Baylor.edu http://hsb.baylor.edu/html/martinj/home.html 
 Aisha,  The person to contact is Christie Patrick who is in charge  our University Relations Office. Her E-mail address is:  christie_patrick@enron.com.  I shall forward your message to Ms. Patrick.  Vince 
 Seve,  Vicky worked for Risk Conferences in the past. Who is the best person in London HR to fwd the resume to?  Vince 
 Stinson,  Any insights?  Vince 
 Nia,  No, not yet.  Vince 
 Lance,  Can you attend this conference?  Vince 
 Nia,  Please, contact Tim Belden in our Portland office. His phone number is:   (503) 464-3820  Vince 
 Mark,  Please, check the following web-site. We can commisison a study from this guy.  Vince  http://www.stern.nyu.edu/networks/site.html 
 Hunter,  The meeting with Dale Nesbitt has been rescheduled to 2:00 p.m. Tuesday, November 7.  Vince 
 Dale,  Your memory did not fail you. We would like, however, to move the meeting to 2 p.m. Tuesday.  I left you a voice message about it. Please call me s soon as possible to confirm.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Good thinking. Thanks a lot.  Vince 
 Any recommendations. Please, let me know ASAP.  Vince 
 Sam,  Looks OK. Some minor editorial changes would help.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Kevin,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Please, take a look at it.   Vince 
 Kent,  Thanks a lot. Look forward to meeting you on campus.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Frank,  Thanks a lot. Are you planning to make a general presentation on your work in the weather area? If this is the case, I would invite to our lunch meeting the traders from the Weather Derivatives desk.  Vince 
 Joe,  FYI. Please plan on attending. We should schedule a meeting with mark and the rest of the weather team.  Vince 
 Any interest in this conference?   http://www.haas.berkeley.edu/citm/conferences/010522/   Vince 
 Bryan,  I am glad we could help. Let me talk to Vasant about Amitava's support for you.  Vince 
 Frank,  Thanks a lot. Look forward to meeting you again on campus.  Vince 
 Kristin,  FYI  Vince 
 Zimin,  I shall join you.  Vince 
 Kristin,  The presentation went quite well. Kevin and I would like to brief you about CMU in general. Let's go out to lunch when you come back.  Vince 
 Steve,  Thanks for the invitation. I shall be delighted to join you. My wife is in California, so it will be just me.  Vince      Enron Technology 
 Shirley,  Two expense reports you asked me about have been taken care of.  Vince 
 Steve,  I have a book edited by Helyette regarding insurance derivatives. I shall make a few copies of the most important articles for you.  Vince 
 Steve,  RAC will be a bit unhappy about it. I think that Bjorn will object to it. Let me talk to you tomorrow over the phone and discuss it. The question is how to present it to RAC in a such a way that Rodrigo will not be put in a bad light.  Vince 
 Rakesh,  Looks fine.  Vince 
 Kirstee,  With pleasure.  Vince    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 Frank,  Dec 14   would be  better for us. We have already scheduled an internal presentation on December 7.  Please, go ahead and make a reservation. The best place to stay is Hyatt Regency Downtown or Doubletree Downtown (within a walking distance to Enron). It is important to specify the downtown location for both hotels.  Vince 
 Kevin,  I would like to take the class as well.  Vince 
 Becky,  I gave the %% for EGM to Shirley. I assume she communicated this info to you already. I assume EGM includes F/X - I/R (Gary Hickerson), weather, insurance (Jere Overdyke), oil trading and coal.  For CALME I don't have any info. Let's split the cost evenly.  Vince 
 Louise,  Would you consider being a keynote speaker at this conference (Feb 22 evening)?  The conference will be held in Austin.  We have a very good relationship with UT and we are helping them to organize this conference.  I shall be glad to provide you more information about the event.  Vince 
 Frank,  Yes, I would be very interested in meeting with you in Houston in December. The best day for visit would be Thursday when my group has a lunch meeting and you could meet the rest of the research unit.  Please, let me know what day would work for you. We shall be very glad to cover the cost of your trip.  Vince  I 
 Jana,  We have already contacted him.  Vince 
 Jana,  This weekend would work for me. I shall be in Houston.  Vince 
 Christie,  Let's meet to discuss this project. I need more information from you about it. By the way, I shall meet Bob Westbrook on Wednesday to discuss unrelated issues.  Vince 
 Pierre-Philippe Ste-Marie   Thanks. Kevin Kindall and, possibly, Kristin Gandy from Enron will come with me.  Vince 
 Steve,  I would,  with pleasure.  Vince 
 Kevin,  I shall need 50 cards. Thanks for ordering.  Vince 
 Joel,  Congratulations and best luck.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Margaret,  I shall invite Hunter Shiveley. I think it will cover ENA.  Vince 
 Margaret,  I shall try to invite Hunter Shiveley who is in charge of Gas Market Fundamentals.  Vince 
 Shirley,  John is important but not that important.  He will come here.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Aziz,  Please, contact me before or after the presentation and we can find a time slot to chat later on Friday.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Looks great.  Vince 
 Duane,  Sorry I will miss you. I have a meeting with Chester already on my schedule.  Vince 
 Alex,  I agree. Let them make up the data. Please, ask Shirley to determine convenient date and time.  Vince 
 Kristin,  I think that we have done enough for this guy. All we can do is to give somebody a chance. The God helps those who help themselves.  Thanks for all your help and your efforts.  Vince 
 Julie,  Yes,  this is how we split this expense internally. Please, send it to me.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Pierre-Philippe,  The time of the presentation, 11:30 is fine with me. I shall arrive Thu evening and I shall get to the hotel by cab. Thanks for your kind offer to meet me at the airport but I shall be arriving at late hour and don't want to inconvenience you. Kevin Kindall from Enron will come with me. I shall also need a projector for my M/S Power Point presentation on "Volatility in the US Power Markets". I shall be very glad to meet with Duane.  Vince 
 Stinson,  It should be in the attached message.  Vince 
 John,  I talked to Dale Nesbitt. He suggested that the best way to evaluate his model is to go through a one week intensive project with assistance of somebody from his company. Our cost  is a flat fee of $12,500 that would be deducted from the purchase price of $55,000, in case we buy the software package.  The price of 55K is indicative and will be adjusted based on the required level of support.  Dale will be in Houston next week. I have tentatively invited him to visit with us on Tuesday, November 7, at 3:00 p.m. He will adjust if you are busy at this time.   Please, let me know what you think.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Who coukd help with curve extraction?  Vince 
 Julie,  A clarification. We had an agreement with Chris and Les to contribute  AUS 10,000 as a part of the cost.  Vince 
 Keith,  The article I mentioned.   Vince  ***********************************************   rashed By Tax Selling  But are there bargains among the discards?   By Michael Santoli   Here it is more than six months since even the most intransigent last-minute filers wrote checks to the IRS to render to the government its due for their financial good fortune in 1999. By rights, this should be a season relatively free of concerns about taxes, notwithstanding the presidential candidates' parrying over whose tax-cut math features more fuzz.  And yet, for anyone with a dollar in the stock market (which in recent weeks has likely been reduced to loose change), the looming demands of this year's levies on capital gains have helped to make this month yet another taxing October for investors.  The jump-and-stumble course the major stock indexes have taken this year is being blamed for a particularly intense effort among mutual-fund managers and other big investors to sell their losers. The steep ramp-up in stocks that persisted from the fall of 1999 through the first quarter of this year -- led by the technology must-haves -- left funds with ripe profit-taking opportunities when the Nasdaq surge flagged in April. This sell-high activity generated heavy capital gains in many portfolios -- tax liabilities that managers have been rushing to offset with realized losses by selling stocks that have cratered.  The fact that so many funds are enduring a flat-to-down year in this difficult market has only added to the urgency. Investors aren't fond of getting stuck with taxable distributions in even the most flush years of a bull market. So managers are now trading in fear of how their shareholders will react to funds' kicking off gains distributions in a year when the value of their holdings fails to appreciate or, worse, falls outright. With the majority of funds operating on an October 31 fiscal year end, and given a trend toward letting investors know their estimated tax hit well before year's end, much of this selling has been concentrated in a brief period of weeks.  One fund executive attending a Fidelity mutual-fund conference last week reported that, oddly, some managers have resolved to be contrary and "overdo it" in selling even their winners. The theory, he reports, is that if they're going to have a capital-gains distribution anyway, the most skittish shareholders will sell the fund to avoid the payout and its tax liability, whether it's, say, either 10% or 12% of net asset value. So the idea is to take profits and "reload" for the benefit of those investors who will stick around.  Now, with the Nasdaq off 22.7% since Labor Day and 8% so far in October, much talk is bubbling about suggesting that the assault is ending. This line of reasoning counsels that it's time to peek out of the foxhole and survey the wreckage for some badly damaged stocks to pick up in expectation of a late-year rally.  Not so fast. While it's true that in past years, these hard-hit tax-selling victims tend to recover in the early part of November, the move often proves fleeting. Like a ball being held under water, these stocks jump when the downward pressure is released, but that doesn't mean they escape gravity's pull for long. Soon enough, they're hit by a secondary wave of selling by investors who tidy up their tax situation closer to the end of the year.  The quantitative equity research team at Lehman Brothers has studied recent market history in search of patterns in tax-driven selling. In the process, the analysts came up with a list of 131 stocks that look vulnerable to persistent weakness through most of the fourth quarter. The study scanned the Russell 3000 index -- basically the 3,000 largest U.S. stocks -- for those that had fallen at least 40% this year through September, and had lost at least 10% in the prior six months. They also plucked only those stocks that had seen rising trading volume over that period. The idea was to find only those names that seem to be in the throes of a selling crescendo. In 1997, there were just eight such stocks. In 1998, there were 202 and last year 101, on a par with this year's tired crop.  Murali Ramaswami of Lehman says, "There's both a tax-loss story and a momentum story. Losers continue to be losers." At least through the fourth quarter they do.  The negative momentum of these stocks tends to gather speed from the first week of November to Christmas. In this period, from 1997 through last year, the Losers Portfolio dropped an average of 20% more than did the Russell 3000 index. Bottom-fishers, beware.  The resulting list, which Lehman billed to its institutional clients as a menu for hungry short-sellers, features numerous stocks caught in the major downside themes of the year. Name a major telecom-services provider and the odds are good it's in this bunch, the result of a stampede away from the group. Big retailers also dot the down-on-their-luck roster, as the slowing economy has ravaged shares of Circuit City, Dillards, Saks and others. And of course there are plenty of dot.com names experiencing the ugly side of a mania undone, in a reversal that has made some mere flyspecks on the market's windshield. Witness Barnesandnoble.com and Razorfish.  An intrepid prospector surveying this list in a quest for next year's Comeback Stock of the Year will encounter no shortage of companies that appear, for the moment, broken and in need of an inspired strategic revamping, some slick investor-relations work and plenty of luck. Former blue chips such as Lucent Technologies, Bausch & Lomb and Dial seem to fall into that club, where for investors a love of dirt-cheap stocks and a strong backbone is the price of admission. DuPont, which recently ratcheted down its 2001 growth forecast and is beset by high raw-materials costs, is arguably apt to remain in the investors' time-out chair for a while as well. That its shares failed to sell off after a limp earnings report last week is perhaps the most hopeful sign one can seize on with regard to the chemicals giant.  Still, for the investor patient enough to endure what could be a stormy November and December, a few sizable companies with temporary problems but solid long-term growth stories are attracting some fund managers looking to buy. As detailed in Barron's last week ("Retailers on Sale," October 23), there is reason to expect better performance from selected retail chains. Federated Department Stores, the parent of Macy's and Bloomingdale's, merits attention both for its buoyant same-store sales growth in a retail headwind and for its repair of the addled Fingerhut catalogue division, which suffered a spike in delinquencies. The shares are off their trough levels in the low 20s, but a recent quote of 28 still seems a better-than-fair price for a company that some pros believe could earn more than $5 a share next year.  The advertising business this year is being given the cold shoulder by investors after a torrid love affair through 1999. Fearing that the dot.com washout and resultant cash drought would wither the bottom line of ad firms, investors abandoned Interpublic, the third-largest owner of ad agencies after WPP and Omnicom.  But Mark Greenberg, manager of the Invesco Leisure fund, saw a chance to pick up a "good, solid company" inexpensively when Interpublic hit the low 30s. Now at 39, Interpublic is still fetching just 22 times forecast 2001 earnings, which are expected to grow 15%, faster than profits for the overall market.  "I bought some early this year and added to it just recently. The bad news is probably priced into the stock, and then some," he says.  Madison Avenue markdown  Interpublic, parent of McCann Erickson, among other firms, has always suffered a bit in comparison with Omnicom, a market darling considered the class operator in the industry. But Interpublic now trades at a discounted valuation, and is briskly expanding its direct-marketing and public-relations business, which are growing faster than the traditional Madison Avenue game. Add in the fact that only a sliver of its business comes from dot.coms and that half its revenues are collected overseas, and Interpublic appears well insulated from crippling economic forces.  In a more prosaic corner of the ad business sits Valassis Communications, a big coupon distributor, which produces the colorful inserts that fall out of your Sunday paper. A well-loved growth stock that pleased many a small and mid-cap fund manager in 1999, Valassis this year ran into a nettlesome combination of higher paper prices and stiffer price competition in one of its insert categories. Investors bailed out in droves, halving the stock from a high above 44 to just north of 20. Now at 25, the shares are "absurdly cheap," says Greenberg, who also owns Valassis.  Another fund manager points out that the company has taken control of its troubles, with hedged paper prices and a move to cut supply in products where pricing declined. Even with its growth forecast revised downward, Valassis is still expected to increase profits at a 10%-15% long-term rate, and earnings next year should rise close to 12%, to $2.50 a share. That leaves the stock at a mere 10 times next year's profits. And it's worth noting that in times of slower economic growth, coupons are among the things that companies continue to offer to bargain-hunters.  With a new wave of tax selling due to bear down on haggard stocks any week now, it might feel as if the typical first-quarter rebound in the year's losers that's been documented by Lehman Brothers is hopelessly distant.  If you're tempted nonetheless to plunge ahead and buy a beaten-down mutual fund, check first to see if it will be among those making a capital-gains distribution later this year. In that case, you'll be on the hook for the tax even though you didn't participate in the gain. (You can take the plunge without worrying about payouts if you're buying the fund for a tax-deferred account such as a 401(k) or an IRA.)  But at least in selected stocks, it seems the machinations of tax-fearing investors have created the stock market equivalent of a 25%-off sale, and you don't need to redeem a manufacturer's coupon to take advantage. 
 Shirley,  I hope it's OK with the apartment company.  Vince 
 Cindy,  Hopefully the paper John Martin and I will work will become the standard reference for this topic.  Vince 
 Alex,  Can you set up a meeting to review this product. They have an office in Houston.  Please, invite people on the distribution list.  Vince 
 Mike,  We shall call you to schedule a meeting to review the product.  Vince 
 Scott,  Not at all. I left to make a quick call and it required a number of follow-up calls.  The presentation was very interesting and professional.  One of the guidelines we have in my group is to avoid using too many software packages. Otherwise, everybody will have his own pet package and we shall lose economies of scale.  I shall talk to my associates about your product  and get back to you.  Vince 
 Molly,  I would like to invite this student for an interview, sometimes in late December when things slow down.  Interviews with all my direct reports and George Hopley.  Vince 
 Molly,  I would like to invite this student for an interview, sometimes in late December when things slow down.  Interviews with all my direct reports and George Hopley.  Vince 
 Pierre-Philippe,  I was under the impression the presentation will be at 3:30. 11:30 is fine with me but want to confirm it.  Vince 
 Pierre-Philippe,  I am a Managing Director, Research.  Please, feel free to give my E-mail address.  Vince 
 John,  I can extract the curves from the database.  Thanks.  Vince 
 Shirley,  FYI  Vince 
 Julie,  This message was returned to me a few times when I sent it from my home address.  Vince 
 Ted,  I agree. Curve review has always been RAC responsibility. Please, let me know if we can assist you in any way.  Vince 
 Tani,  Ted Murphy sees the curve validation issue as the RAC prerogative. I shall contact him and offer our help in the curve review process.  Vince 
 Paul,  Thanks for your message. Look fwd to your call.  Vince 
 Grant,  Tuesday or Wednesday would work.  Please, call me in the morning or at home tonight (281) 367 5377. Alternatively, we could have  breakfast.  Vince 
 John,  I am forwarding to you the request by Jens.  We gave in the past our forward oil curves (with approval of Greg Whalley) to some academics. What is your position on this request?  Vince 
 David,  This is the outline of the EWRM project.  Vince 
 Tani,  No problem. We shall look at the curve on Monday. I have organized a  small team to examine the curve from different perspectives.  Curve validation is normally a RAC prerogative and I shall get them involved on Monday  Vince 
 Zimin,  Can we push it a week. I shall be  at CMU on Friday.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please ,send my itinerary to  stemarie@icubed.com  This is for Carnegie Mellon.  Vince 
 Sam,  Perfect.  Vince      Enron North America Corp. 
 Gerry,  I may have unexpected meeting(s) in the morning. Please, keep trying and I shall try to call you as well.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Vasant,  Thanks for the invitation. It works for me.  Vince 
 Jana,  Next Saturday or Sunday would work for me. I shall be in Pittsburgh on Friday but I should be back Saturday morning.   Vince 
 Joe,  I could not open the document.  Vince 
 Gerry,  The best time is morning, 7:30 to 8:30 Central.  Vince 
 Steve,  Yes. I shall try to call you later this morning. I had a schedule from hell the last few days.  Vince 
 Steve,  All these provisions make a lot of sense. Anjam showed very poor judgment one more time. He got a very generous offer to move to Houston.  I recommend keeping him on the payroll, and at home, as long as possible.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Thanks a lot.  Vince 
 Martin,  Can you, please, call Shu and provide him with information about EBS?  Vince 
 Kevin,  I would greatly appreciate if you could help me in this case. Yaron's father helped me a lot to open many doors at Berkeley.  Vince 
 Charlene,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Shelly,  These are the Super Saturdays I can help you with:  Nov 10 Dec 1 Dec 8 Dec 15  I shall be traveling on two other days. One of these trips is related to recruiting at CMU.  Vince 
 Cindy,  I am in Wharton on December 6. Other days prior to Dec 6 are OK.  Vince 
 Alison,  Thanks a lot.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Cindy,  Yes, I shall co-author this paper and I have planted  the idea in John Martin's head.   Vince 
 Stinson,  Can you please take a quick look and fwd it to Sam Smith (wsmith2@enron.com)  Vince 
 Cindy,  This is our preliminary review of the documentation sent by Mr. Patteson.  One more person will take a look at it.  Vince 
 Alison,  I appreciate it. I really need your help on this one. His father is very helpful in my recruiting efforts at Berkeley.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Shelly,  These are the Super Saturdays I can help you with:  Nov 10 Dec 1 Dec 8 Dec 15  I shall be traveling on two other days. One of these trips is related to recruiting at CMU.  Vince  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Jennifer,  I am available for 30 minutes on Fri, Oct  30.. A meeting at 8:30 would work better for me.  Vince     Jennifer Burns  10/24/2000 04:14 PM 
 Jennifer,  I can rearrange some other meetings. Thursday, Oct 26 @ 3:00 works for me.  Vince     Jennifer Burns  10/24/2000 04:14 PM 
 Gwyn,  No problem. Please, continue with your current tutor.  Vince 
 Charlene,  Please, help. This is a son of a professor at Berkeley who helps me a lot in the recruiting process. His son goes to Cornell. Can we invite him (the son, not the professor) to a Super Saturday? I really want to repay the debt to his father who is very instrumental in  my recruiting efforts.  Vince 
 Jinbaek,  We shall invite you to an interview in Houston.  Vince 
 Ashley,  Another student who responded after my presentation. What do you think? Should we talk to him (Research) directly?  Vince 
 Iris,  Can you forward me the attachments to this message. I cannot open them.  Vince 
 Ashley,  This is one resume I got today. I think that it makes sense to invite him for an interview directly with my group. He does not qualify as an analyst candidate. What do you think?  Vince 
 Rajnish,  We shall invite you for  an interview in Houston.  Vince 
 Sevil,  Yes, please, go ahead. We shall pay for the trip.  Vince 
 Lloyd,  Yes, I would be very interested.  Vince 
 Andrzej,  The phone number is 650 497 6938.  Vince 
 rkosecki@mieco.com 
 Molly,  It's OK (even if the answer is ex post).  Vince      Enron North America Corp. 
 Paul,  Thanks a lot.  Vince 
 Althea  Great news. It's all your hard work.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 vkaminski@aol.com, lubowski@visa.com, evets@vt.edu, JMandelker@aol.com, J_Martin@Baylor.edu, greg.napi.mondex@worldnet.att.netvngo@rice.edu, mpakulsk@swbell.net, GPERSKY@CMRA.COM,piazzet@wharton.upenn.edu, rausser@are.berkeley.edu, ASaksen@rfc.com, jitendra.d.sharma@us.arthurandersen.com, mark.streater@southernenergy.com, dsunshine@cwonders.com, SteveT@CitizensPower.com, jtoussaint@cinergy.com, ptufano@hbs.edu, mvanbell@haglerbailly.com, awagoner@iirny.com, john@sava.com, leslie.abreo@kalotay.com, terry_j_adamson@amoco.com, LChoo@UtiliCorp.com, jfleming@rice.edu, 
 >> The Year is 1960. >> >> JFK wins the election because he receives >> >> 1 MORE VOTE per precinct in Illinois (8,858 votes) >> 3 MORE VOTES per precinct in Missouri (9,880 votes) >> 3 MORE VOTES per precinct in New Jersey (22,091 votes) >> >> Without those 40,829 votes, the election goes to Nixon. >> >> YOUR VOTE DOES MATTER. >> >> Experts say this will be the CLOSEST election since 1960. >> We agree. >> >> What can YOU do about it? Join the Bush E-Train! >> (1) Forward this e-mail to your friends and colleagues >> (2) Then click on the link below and enter your e-mail: >> http://www.georgewbush.com/bn.asp?PageMode=FrontPageSignUp >> >> OUR GOAL: >> 2,000,000 e-mail addresses to SPREAD THE WORD >> and GET OUT THE VOTE. >> >> Be a part of history, get on the Bush E-Train and join >> what will become one of the LARGEST GRASSROOTS >> MOVEMENTS EVER. >> >> MAKE THE DIFFERENCE! and receive the e-mail on >> Nov. 8 that says, "PRESIDENT-ELECT GEORGE W. BUSH >> THANKS YOU." >> >> >> _____________________ >> >> Paid for by Bush-Cheney 2000, Inc. >> http://www.georgewbush.com >> 
 Jana,  Too bad we live in Texas and our votes for Bush have no impact on the national results. I shall spread the message to other states that are more critical.   Vince 
 Andrzej,  I shall be in the Bay area again  for Thanksgiving. I came to SF for one day to do recruiting at Berkeley. I hope you will feel better soon.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Stinson,  Can you go to this meeting?  Vince 
 Anne,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Charles,  I am coordinating an offer fro you. I shall call you with the details later this week.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Roman,  Sorry. I am leaving for Philadelphia this evening. Leaving office around 5 p.m. Let's get together on another occasion.  Vince 
 Molly,  We are in process of setting up an interview.   Vince      Enron North America Corp. 
 Krishna,  I have received two additional  requests for help from EES.  1. Jeremy Blachman called and asked us to increase very significantly the level of our support of EES. It probably makes sense to set up a meeting with Jeremy ASAP and discuss specifics (you, me, and it probably makes sense to invite Marty Sunde as well).  2. George Posey called and asked fro help with statistical sampling of  Dublin customers. Please, give him a call to set up a meeting.  I shall call you tomorrow to discuss both requests.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, put it on my calendar.  Vince 
 Shirley,  I would like to  invite him to an interview next week. We should use his home phone number and/or private E-mail address.  Vince 
 Sevil,  No problem.  Vince 
 Sam,  Maureen's article will be OK. Stinson can take a look at the final version on Monday.  Vince      Enron North America Corp. 
 John,  I shall see Christie tomorrow and I shall talk to her about the project.  Friday, Feb 23 works for me.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, cancel lunch with Maruti More.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Thanks a lot.  Vince 
 Osman,  This guy is too much. I would tell him that we understand that he has to make the best choice for himself  and can change his mind  but at this point we treat his decision as final but we still  appreciate the interest he showed in Enron.  We never had any luck hiring a statistician. Maybe we shall get one some day.  Vince 
 Sevil,  Thanks for the card. It's a pleasure and privilege to work with you.  Vince 
 Kate,  My assistant, Shirley Crenshaw, will schedule a meeting. Vince 
 Shirley,  Please,schedule a meeting, 30 minutes with him.  Vince 
 Dortha,  This date works for me.  Vince       Dortha Gray @ ENRON 10/17/2000 03:14 PM 
 Zimin,  Thanks a lot. It's a pleasure and a privilege to work with you.  Vince 
 Jeff,  FYI. We completed the review of the LNG model. The copy of the review is available if you want to take a look at it.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, register me for this conference.  Vince 
 Vasant,  It seems we have to help them. Can Kate help on this project?  Vince 
 Sherri,  Thanks for trying. I shall recommend to UT that they should invite Greg Whalley or Lou Pai.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Dear Ms. Bothe,  I have forwarded my message to one of my associates who specializes in weather derivatives.  Vince Kaminski 
 Joe,  Any interest in speaking?  Vince 
 Kevin,  Stinson is looking into it. I shall get back to you later today after I check with him.  Vince 
 Rosemary - presentation Donna Nelson Neal Lacima 
 George,  Wednesday,  1:00 works for me.  Vince 
 Rick,  Thanks for your message. I shall talk to Greg Whalley  about his participation.  Vince 
 Steve,  Elena Chilkina can give you historical data. Historical fwd curves can be obtained from Paulo or Alex, among others. Of course, our internal forward curves represent a very sensitive information.   Vince 
 Christie,  I shall  push my departure from Philly till late afternoon Friday to attend the conference.  Vince 
 Steve,  I have to draft an announcement and send it to John Sheriff. I shall do it this weekend.  Vince 
 Roman  Thanks.  My home number is 281 367 5377  Vince 
 Tanya,  Here it is.  Ludmila Kaminski Escondido Village, 32B Stanford University, CA 94305   Phone: (650) 497 6938 (650) 465 9415 (cell)   Vince 
 Steve,  I am calling Anjam to give him a deadline regarding move to Houston. If he decides to stay in Houston, you should meet with him to convey the concerns regarding his performance.  Vince 
 Julie,  Sorry for the delay. I was traveling a lot the last few days. I shall send back my comments by Saturday morning my time.  Vince 
 Norma,  Maureen Raymond refuses to sign her review. Can you, please, join us tomorrow to discuss it. I have a time slot available at 2:00 but I can reorganize my schedule to accommodate you.  Vince 
 To DO  1. Paper fro Kevin K. 2. Rosemary  at ICBI Andy kalotay Brad Horn Johansen Piazze 
 Carol,  Congratulations.  Vince      Carol Coats 10/12/2000 04:56 PM 
 Shirley,  I have asked Stinson to attend.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Can you, please, attend?  Vince 
 Sherri,  Any resolution of the scheduling conflict Jeff Skilling had for February the 22nd? Our friends at UT are ready to make the reservations and send out invitations to this conference  Vince 
 Fiona,  Yes, this is correct. Please, use Vincent rather than Vince.  I used my full name on other publications.  Vince 
 Roman,  Drinks after work would be better. I am flying back from Ca on Tue morning. Please, call me at 713 853 3848 or 713 410 5396 (cell) in the afternoon.  Vince 
 Cindy,  I had rather in mind targeting the same audiences to which Mr. Mehta spoke, not a general  press release. I agree that a general message to the world would attract attention.  Vince 
 Carol,  Thanks.  Vince      Carol Coats 10/12/2000 04:09 PM 
 Maureen,  OK.  Vince 
 Stinson,  I think it's a mistake. It  should be February.  Vince 
 Vicky,  Please, send me your resume.  I shall forward it to a number of employees of  Enron in London with my strongest recommendation. I shall send you  the list of names. The resume will make it easier for me to=20 identify good targets.  Please, make sure you will contact me if there is no reaction. People here are very busy and, as you know, things fall through the cracks.  Vince    Vince 
 Elena,  Please, review the energy related info in this database (if any) and talk to me about it.  I would like to do some research in this area and ask you to write a summary report. Nothing urgent.  Vince 
 Cindy,  I got a copy of the book and another one is on the way from our officer in India. I can lend you the book and you can makes copies of the most important chapters. I don't think we should be buying too many copies and increasing the sales of the book.  In general, I think that we should counter the presentations made by Mr. Mehta. The person in charge of our Dhabol operation is a Stanford graduate and maybe he could obtain an invitation to speak at the same forum  and present the facts as they are. He should be here for the management conference.   Vince 
 Norma,  This is the resume of Aram Sogomonian I mentioned to you. I would like to bring him over to talk to Kevin Presto, George Hopley Alex Huan, Seville Yaman, Tom Haliburton, myself.  Vince 
 Barbara,  I have forwarded your message to the members of my weather/ weather derivatives team.  Vince 
 Joe, Mike,  Please check with PR first if we want too talk to her and run  it by Mark. I think it is in our interest to be quotes extensively in the press.  Vince 
 Aproved in both cases.  Vince Kaminski 
 Steve,  I submitted my evaluation. General impression was rather negative: he seems to be a consultant type person who speaks about everything with confidence  but is short on depth and technical details.  He is personable, outspoken, organized - on the positive side.  Also, the red flag is that he jumps from job to job: typical after 18-24 months when any organization can ascertain his usefulness.  Vince 
 Mike,  Please check with Alison. She sent  the  form again. I think she lost  what you sent her.  Vince 
 Maureen,  Any interest?  Vince 
 Martin,  It's OK for Walter to use remaining hours. No real cost to Enron, just the benefits.  Vince 
 John,  Per our discussion, Nov 13 is fine.  Vince 
 Barbara,  Noon will be fine. we shall just use the lunch hour.  Vince 
 Power 2000 Operational Risk for Kevin 
 Kevin,  No problem, A very good idea. Please, submit expenses to em for signature.  Vince 
 John,  Congratulations on a career move.  Yes, we were contacted regarding geophysical data gathering/transmission project. We asked our geophysicists for help and are shooting for a meeting on  Thursday to run our ideas by them.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Ehud,  I am flying back in the evening and dinner would be difficult. I shall be glad to join you for lunch,  Shirley, as I understand gave you my requirements for the AV.  My flight arrives at 8:30 a.m. I can meet you at your office in the morning and we can talk about the conference and other issues.   Vince 
 John D. Martin Carr P. Collins Chair in Finance Finance Department Baylor University PO Box 98004 Waco, TX 76798 254-710-4473 (Office) 254-710-1092 (Fax) J_Martin@Baylor.edu http://hsb.baylor.edu/html/martinj/home.html 
 Toni,   FYI.  Vince 
 Pierre-Philippe,  Friday would be beter.  Vince 
 Toni,  I would like to bring two people for an interview  One of them sent me a message that is attached below. I am including the info about the 2nd gentleman below.  I would like to include myself, Vasant Shnabhogue, Tanya Tamarchenko Stinson Gibner, Zimin Lu, Paulo Issler,  Alex Tang on the interview list.  It would be great if we could bring them this week on Friday. Tanya will be at a training course next week. This means that if Friday this week is too aggressive, we should shoot for interviews in 2 weeks.  Sorry for a short notice.  Vince  Jermakyan, Martin 410 Brightmore Downs Alpharetta, GA 30005 Phone: (770) 753-9341 (h) (404) 402-8957 (c) martin@electraparners.com 
 http://www.stanford.edu/group/sia/ 
 Pierre-Philippe,  Yes, we are ready. I shall be accompanied by one person from our Analyst/Associate program and I would like to ask you if she can be invited to dinner as well.  We plan to come Thursday night and leave on Sat morning to avoid potential flight delay risk.  Vince 
 Mark,  Two points.  1. You probably know about it already.  ABHAY MEHTA, the author of "Power Play", is on a tour of the United States. Please, take a look at the information about a meeting last Sunday at Stanford University. The web site address is  given below. My wife went to the presentation and told me it was quite critical about Enron. About 40 people attended.  2. I was approached by John Martin, a professor of finance at Baylor, to write jointly an academic paper on Enron for a financial journal. He wanted to work on an article on EBS. I have suggested a different topic: Enron - Case Study of a Company Reinventing Itself.  I made a few points to John:  a. Enron's evolution did not just happen  by accident. It was a result of implementation of a far-reaching strategy developed by the management.  b. In the process of its evolution Enron changed its environment. I came up with a term "proactive evolution", as opposed to "reactive evolution."  c. The strategy included many elements, including emphasis on the quality of human resources, changing corporate attitudes to risk taking and employee empowerment.  d. There are very few companies that match Enron's experience and accomplishemnts.  The paper could become a standard reading at the MBA courses on corporate strategy and would help greatly our recruiting efforts.   Writing the paper would require interviews with Ken, Jeff and a few other key players. Let me know what you thing about it. John is really excited about this paper.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, send him my bio.  Vince 
 Tatiana,  I am in Europe this week. I shall contact you on my return.  Vince 
 Sam,  I forgot about Maureen's article being available. Please, use your judgement what to publish. It  depends on whom you can catch first.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Shmuel,  This is the abstract  for  my presentation on the 23rd of October. I am in London and Paris this week. I can be reached at my private E-mail address vkaminski@aol.com.  Please, feel free to suggest modifications to the abstract.    Vince   ******************************************************************  > The last three years were characterized by exceptionally high volatility of > the power prices in the US markets. The market developments have created a > number of unique challenges for energy industry economists. One immediate > question we have to answer is how to measure volatility of energy prices. > Although we can all agree that the prices in the power markets are > characterized by high variability, the traditional measures used in financial > economics (annualized standard deviation of log price returns) may not fit > well electricity prices. The second challenge is to explain the sources of > high price volatility and to answer the question to what extent it can be > attributed to problems that can be addressed in the long run. Such problems > include flaws in market design that allow some market participants to abuse > market power, limited availability and/or unequal access to transmission, > temporary shortages of generation capacity. Some factors underlying high > volatility of electricity prices may be of permanent nature and may be a > necessary price to pay for increased market efficiency and expanded customer > choice. 
 Paul,  Sorry for the late notice. Please, let me know when you are coming to Houston.  I shall be again in London sometimes in November.  Vince 
 Tom,  The system does not take my approval of this request.   Vince 
 Shijie,  Additional   changes.  Abstract:  The power market developments in the US have created several unique challenges for energy industry economists. We discuss the major factors underlying the exceptionally high volatility of electricity prices. We feel that some of them may reflect the flaws in power pools design and incomplete transition to fully deregulated markets in generation and transmission.   The title is fine.  Vince 
 Mike, Vasant,  Elsa would like to meet and discuss the construction of forward curves for her operation.  Can you, please, get in touch with her.   Vince 
 Shirley,  Did we renew it?  Vince 
 Mike,  She is Yana's   friend.  Vince 
 Zeigham,  Mike Roberts from my group will help you.  Vince 
 Mike,  Please, help him. Only publicly available data (exchanges, etc.)  Vince 
 Cantekin  We shall get back to you when I return from Europe in a week.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Please, read. 
 Sam,  We should profile Kirstee who is on rotation from London Office.  Vince 
 Molly  FYI  Vince 
 Ron,  The article I promised.  Vince 
 Mark,  I shall be glad to serve on the advisory board of MEC.  Vince 
 Donna Piazze Program Director Field Application Project The Wharton School Univ. of Pennsylvania (215) 573-8394 (215) 573-5727 fax fap@management.wharton.upenn.edu piazze@wharton.upenn.edu 
 Anita  OK  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 T's Air-Conditioning & Heating 25200 Interstate 45 Spring, TX 77386-1450 Phone: 281-367-4310 
 Rob,  Thanks. We are always glad to help you.  Vince 
 Biliana,  I forwarded your resume to the HR person responsible for recruiting at your University with my recommendation.  Vince 
 Geynille,  I understand you are in charge of recruiting at the UofH. I am forwarding to you the resume of one of the students  of the University of Houston.  She is involved with the international organization called AIESEC and I was most impressed by her organizational skills and professional attitude. I used to work as a volunteer for this organization many years ago and I am still helping their local chapter.  As far as I know, she signed up for an interview with Enron.   Vince Kaminski 
 Authorization granted. The system is not accepting my ID and password.  Vince Kaminski 
 Nick,  Dinner on Sunday would work  for me. I shall stay in the Bay area till Monday morning.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Piotr Karasinski 883 Diamond Notch Road Lanesvilee, NY 12450  Phone:  (914) 688 2431 (914) 688 9703 44 171 500 1510 44 171 833 2430 (h) Fax  : PKarasinsk@aol.com 
 Helyette,  Sorry for not getting back to you earlier. My schedule was quite crazy over the last few days.  I shall be in London on Sunday meeting my group for dinner at 7:30. Can I call you around 6:00 - 6:30?  Vince  P.S. You can send a reply to my AOL address.   Vince 
 Elena,  I called her and  lefty  a msg for her.  Vince 
 Simon,  I shall bring a floppy to Paris.  Vince 
 Molly,  We have a reasonably big room. 2-5 people is OK. It's EB1938. Vince 
 1 800 275  8777 Post Office Locator 
 US Post Office 10800 Gosling RD Spring, TX 77381-3750 Phone: 281-298-9290 
 Nick,  I shall be in Stanford Oct 14 - 15, visiting my family. I would be glad to meet you (and possibly Giuseppe - your call) for lunch. Please, let mer know if you are free on one of these days. Saturday would work better for me.  Vince 
 Anita,  Please, FedEx to him  the book plus reprints of my papers. Shirley knows where they are.   Vince 
 Molly,  I met Lou in the building lobby last Wednesday and he suggested that he (or his representatives) join the Mathworks presentation to my group).  It's a good software package for mathematical modeling, but there is a limit to the number of different installations any group can productively use.  I shall take a look at some new features they offer and decide whether it's worth the effort.  Vince Kaminski 
 Steve,  Thanks a lot.  Vince 
 Shijie,  I would be interested in attending and giving a presentation.  This would be also a good opportunity for both of us to meet and discuss the plans for closer cooperation.  Vince 
 Hello,  There was no message attached.  Vince Kaminski 
 Laura DeShazer=20 OIL & GAS JOURNAL ONLINE=01;=20 www.ogjonline.com=20 800.874.1510 phone=20 918.831.9120 fax=20  vince vince 
 Chris,  The first file might have gone to a wrong Chris Long.  Vince 
 Andrew,  EB1962.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Let's chat about it.  Vince 
 Charlie,  Thanx.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 vkamins@enron.com  vkaminski@aol.com 
 Andrew,  I have an interview at 8:30. A meeting at 8:00 on Friday would work for me. I can delay he interview if we need more time.  Vince 
 David,  No problem. We shall send the required fire power. The person who will attend is Amitava Dhar.  Vince   P.S. Amitava, Please, take note. 
 Test  Vince Kaminski 
 FYI 
 Roman,  I shall be traveling next week (Europe again), Mon thru Fri. It's Power 2000 conference in Paris.  I have many trips to different places later during October (Berkeley, Philadelphia, etc.). These are shorter, 1-2 day trips. Please, let me know when you come to Houston. I shall keep you posted about my itinerary as it becomes more certain.  Vince 
 Roman Kosecki  Phone: (973) 733 2771 (562) 951 1790 (CA) (201) 222 0435 (h)  rkosecki@mieco.com 
 Andy,  Sounds good. One comment: Vasant is swamped with work coordinating several high profile projects.  Bob is very productive and thorough and will get a lot of support internally from other members of the group: this contribution may not be directly visible but it will be still very important.  We appreciate your hands-on involvement. It's always the most important condition of a successful project to have direct and frequent interaction with the customer. Look fwd to working on this project.  Vince 
 This is another file (spread options). I have eliminated some very technical, detailed pages about NYMEX spreads. This information is obsolete.  Vince 
 Anita,  The first presentation.  Vince 
 Andrew,  I shall be glad to meet and discuss the project. It sounds intriguing.  Vince 
 Al,  Thanks for  the messages. I have come back from Europe last night and I am in process of going through my mail.  Friday this week would be a good day to meet. I am going back to Europe on Sunday and shall be gone for a week.  Vince 
 Roman,  I shall type in English (faster).  I was trying to locate you for some time after you left SCEM. I shall be glad to meet for dinner/coffee and chat. Please, send me your phone number.  I have just come back from Poland and go through my mail. I shall try to reach you later this week.  Vince 
 Shirley,  I shall call with my phone number for Thu through Sun morning.  Sunday evening to Monday evening I  can be reached at 011 48 42 213 71 62  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, confirm and put on my calendar.  Vince 
 Sherri,  Thanks. Yes, It's February the 22nd.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Becky,  I am sending you two spreadsheets. Headcount gives  the allocations by major business units. Please, see the sheet Allocations. Line 83 gives you the percentages you can use.  Budget  spreadsheet gives the budget projections. The sheet Allocations has been modified to include charges to RAC and GRM. I had to modify extensively  the sheet Detail to account for the size of the group (as compared with 25 rows available to list the employees in the original spreadsheet). Please, check the logic of my modifications (I hope I copied all the formulas correctly). I had to assume a bonus number.   I shall work on allocations by different business units within ENA and GRM  but it's chasing a moving target. It changes from month to month.  I shall be gone for the next 4 business days. Please, call me and leave a message on my voice mail if there is any question. I shall be listening to my voice messages.  Sorry if there are any problems. I have to rush to catch my plane.   Vince  P.S. Thanks for all the help. I owe you lunch. 
 FYI  Vince 
 Jeff,  Our friends at the University of Texas are planning a conference on energy economics and finance in February of next year. They would like very much to have you as a keynote speaker.  Given our good, long-term  relationship with UT,  I would recommend that you speak at this conference. I talked to Prof. Ehud Ronn a few times about the program and  I think that this will be an excellent forum to present Enron's accomplishments and agenda for the future.  I am sure that Rick Causey will join me in making the same recommendation.  Vince 
 Sherri,  Our friends at the University of Texas are planning a conference on energy economics and finance in February of next year. They would like very much to have Jeff Skilling as a keynote speaker.  Given our good, long-term  relationship with UT,  I would recommend that Jeff speaks at this conference I talked to Prof. Ehud Ronn a few times about this conference and  I think that this will be an excellent forum to present Enron's accomplishments and agenda for the future.  I shall send a separate message to Jeff about this request.  Vince 
 Ehud,  I shall send a message to Jeff's secretary today.  Vince 
 Steve,  OK. Please, send Shirley the  distribution list (names, E-mail addresses, etc.).  Vince 
 Steve,  I shall talk to John Sherriff about such issues. My intention is to vest you with maximum decision making powers. It makes most sense to me to make decisions where the information resides.  Please, invite Anjam or alternatively make reservations for dinner and let Shirley know. Shirley can send an invitation to everybody  in the group on my behalf. It would be really bad to exclude Anjam from the dinner.  It  Vince 
 Jim,  Thanks. I shall call him.  Vince 
 Steve,  Steve, this is the spreadsheet.  Also, please, let Shirley know if the dinner on Sun is OK.  Vince 
 Steve,  Thanx.  Vince 
 Andreas,  I shall be glad to serve as the Chairman. I am currently located in Enron N.A.  It stands for Enron North America. In Enron the orgchart changes every 3 months.  Vince 
 Jana,  So far, the trips were great. More to come.  Vince 
 Tomas,  Thanks.  Vince 
 UPS  1Z773E630333579447  1Z773E630300250719 
 Please, grant access as requested.   Vince Kaminski 
 UPS Tracking numbers 
 Stinson,  Scot Josey will call you Thu with a request for help. 3-0321  Vince 
 Shirley,  We want to take Kirstee to dinner on Wed next week to Brennan's at 6:00. 4 persons, reservation in my name, TT, GM, VK, KH.  Vince 
 Martin,  What about 8:00 a.m. tomorrow (Wed) morning.  Vince 
 Shirley  Another trip to schedule at some point.   Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Anita,  Please ask Lance and Martin.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Zimin,  Can you call Cantekin to discuss the details?  Vince 
 Martin,  Let's try bet 1 and 2:30.  Vince 
 Toni,  We shall be meeting Rabi for lunch to discuss the offer and the details of his job with him. Let's wait  for the outcome of this discussion.  Vince      Enron North America Corp. 
 Jana,  I shall be glad to join you.  Vince 
 Cantekin,  I shall call you tomorrow to discuss the details.  Vince 
 John,  I shall be traveling Thu and Fri this week and Mon and Tue next week. Please, give me a call Tuesday morning and I shall  carve out an hour from my schedule to discuss the paper. Stinson will be gone for three weeks so we have to do the work without him.  Alternatively, we can delay the conversation till next week.  Vince 
 http://peach.ease.lsoft.com/archives/index.html 
 Charlene,  I coordinate my schedule with Ashley Baxter from your organization, who is responsible for recruiting at Berkeley. I have talked to her about this presentation a few times. As you can see, she is on the distribution list.  The presentation is scheduled for the 23rd of October. We have tried to combine the presentation with another recruiting trip, but we have to many conflicting schedules.  Vince 
 Paul,  I shall be in London in the beginning of October. I shall notify you about the timing of my trip later this week.  Vince 
 Steve,  I am a lead recruiter at the University of California at Berkeley for Enron Analyst/Associate program.  I contacted several friends who work at Berkeley and received an invitation from one of them to make a presentation at the weekly Faculty Seminar of the Dept. of Industrial Engineering and Operations Research.  The students and faculty members from the business school will be also invited.  Berkeley in general, and Department of Industrial Engineering and Operations Research in particular, are important centers of academic research on electricity markets (S. Oren works very closely with Severin Borenstein).  My presentation will focus on the Analyst/Associate program. I shall  also have an opportunity to discuss the power markets in California (I expect many questions) before many experts who are very  important to shaping public opinion and regulatory agenda.  Please, let me know who in you group could help me in preparing this presentation and in presenting  Enron's point of view in a more effective way.   Vince  FYI. The name of my friend who invited me:  Shmuel S. Oren, Professor Dept. of Industrial Engineering and Operations Research 4117 Etcheverry Hall University of California Berkeley, CA 94720-1777 
 Shmuel,  Thanks for the invitation to speak on October 23rd.  Would you like me to split my presentation and devote some time to the Enron Analyst/Associate program?  I plan to make presentation on   energy derivatives markets (development of the markets in the US and Europe, valuation challenges, Enron's role in developing the forward markets for natural gas and electricity). I shall send you the bullet points in a few days.  Vince 
 Ehud,  I had to cancel my trip to London. Steve Leppard will take care of my presentations.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Stinson,  I think it should be Kevin Kindall.  Vince 
 Maureen,  The article for Technical Corner requires some editorial work. Please, make sure you make the changes ASAP.  My comments are in magenta. You will see them when you open the attachment.  Vince 
 john.sherriff@enron.com 
 Shmuel,  Sorry for not getting back to you earlier. If the 23rd of October is still open, I can make the presentation on this day.  Vince 
 mkorn@nymex.com 
 Thanks.  Vince 
 Ryszard Domanski Zgrupowania Zmija 23 m. 22 Warszawa Wyzsza Szkola Handlu i Finansow Miedzynarodowych 03-972 Warszawa, Alzacka 15a Phone : 011 48 22 639 7907 (h) 011 48 601 302 714 (c) Fax   : 011 48 22 616 2920 E-mail:RDOMAN@elpis.sgh.waw.pl msh_isc@it.com.pl 
 Jim,  This is my write-up on enetrprise Wide Risk Management.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Andreas:  Here it is:   Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com   Vince 
 John,  I have another meeting at 9:30 (hopefully a very short one). I shall join your meeting in progress.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Giuseppe,  That would be great. Please, do.  Vince 
 Ron,  The resume of the Rice student I mentioned to you.  Vince 
 Eugenio,  Thanks for the invitation. Can we reschedule the dinner?  I shall be in San Antonio on Friday.  Vince 
 Aram Sogomonian  Phone: (503) 813 5754 (w) 5608 (w) (503) 701 6692 (c)  (503) 636 9471 (h) 
 FYI  Vince 
 Alison,  I recommended inviting Duane Seppi and Steven Shreve. I would also invite Brian Routledge. I don't know him but heard many good things about him. Kevin Kindall may have other recommendations.  Vince      Enron North America Corp. 
 Bob,  Can you, please take a look at this problem. I shall call you on Monday about it.  Vince 
 Mike,  Please, sign and return to me.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Stinson,  A reminder.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, send him my bio.  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem. Please, coordinate with Kevin and Anita.  Vince 
 Li,  I have tons of papers on OAS. They are buried in many boxes in my garage. Let my try to excavate some of  them.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 In case of hurricane, follow the Houston Evacuation > Plan: > > > > > > > >    *     Hispanics use I-10 West to San Antonio > > > > > >    *     Cajuns use I-10 East to Lafayette > > > > > >    *     Yankees use I-45 North to Oklahoma > > > > > >    *     Aggies use 610 Loop 
 Sheridan Titman Department of Finance College of Business Administration University of Texas Austin, Texas 78712-1179  Phone: (512) 232 2787 Fax  : (512) 471 5073 
 FYI  Vince 
 John,  This is the list of the business teams within ENA I received Tuesday from accounting. As you can see it is hopelessly behind our org chart. I shall bring it up with accounting.  Vince 
 Eric,  We are looking at the model. I shall get back to you next week.  vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Sophie,  Thanks. I shall discuss this with Steve as soon as we have the nomination form signed. I can do it while he is stioll here at Houston.  Vince     Sophie Kingsley   09/05/2000 10:37 AM 
 Eric,  I think we can skip the meeting and discuss any issues between us. The meeting was convened at the request of Doug Arnell, but Jeff Shankman thinks that there is no need for formal meetings: we can ask them for the information directly on as needed basis.  Vince      Enron North America Corp. 
 Mike,  A nice picture of Elaina you can use as a wallpaper.  Vince 
 http://hsb.baylor.edu/html/martinj/Tff2001/index.htm 
 Jeff,  Christ, Mark and myself are planning to visit Tom Piazze in October. I talked to Christy about Wharton and she will be calling Tom to set it up.  Vince 
 Shirley,  I already have lunch with Steve.  Please, decline.  Vince 
 Shirley,  They are from the UK, Arthur Andersen. I could meet with them on Monday.  Vince 
 Norma,  Thanks for your message. Approved.  Vince 
 Sophie,  I think it's a fair deal.  Vince     Sophie Kingsley   08/30/2000 11:49 AM 
 Steve,  Friday, September 8, 11:30 is fine with me. I can cancel the other meeting  Vince 
 Chris,  This is very well written and will serve the reader well. A few comments.  1. When I think about the taxonomy of the VaR models, I typically use the classification based on 3 categories:  a. variance/covariance  method b. historical simulation c. Monte Carlo simulation.  Delta approach is the way of representing a position in a nonlinear instrument.  2. I would define Monte Carlo as an approach based on statistical simulation of behavior of all the market prices/rates, etc., and revaluation of the entire portfolio. The revaluation may be based on an approximation (using Taylor's expansion) that may involve delta, delta/gamma, delta/gamma/omega or may be exact (based on the same model that produces the mark-to-market portfolio valuations).  The main benefit of using the  MC simulation in the energy markets is the ability to capture the gapping behavior of the energy markets in a straightforward way. I would emphasize that there are attempts to incorporate jumps in the V/C model (I shall send you the references from home).  3. I would mention that historical simulation may break down in the markets that are evolving quickly (new instruments for which we have no comparable prices, behavior of prices may change as markets mature or de-mature).  4. For bigger portfolios, virtually all methods require some level of aggregation into atomic, elemental instruments to reduce the dimensionality of the problem. This process may be a source of a big error.  5. The computational burden of MC can be reduced through clever preprocessing of a portfolio that introduces no error. Many swaps with the same underlying can be aggregated into one positions ( they are  portfolios of forwards and they are linear instruments).  Please, feel free to use any comment (or none).  Vince 
 Thanks.  Vince 
 John,  We are trying to hire Rabi De, whose sign-on bonus proposal was sent to you for approval, for RAC. He will support vale-at-risk applications, the area where we are hopelessly understaffed.  Vince 
 Doug,  We were trying to get everybody together for today but with no luck.  Wednesday next week is the first feasible date.  Sorry for that.  Vince 
 Ashley,  I agree with you. Two trips are the best solution, unless of course Shmuel rearranges the speaker list and the 16th will work for the presentation as well.  Coordinating so many different events is never easy. Thanks for your patience.  Vince      Enron Technology 
 Dale,  Thanks for your message. I don't know the labor market  in London that well but here the market for quants is very hot.  Steve is in my view an exceptionally talented person and I would go an extra mile to retain  him long-term for the company.  I would adjust the base salary or the kicker upward a bit. o62,000 Basic  is what Anjam is receiving currently  (if I remember correctly). Steve has a much higher value to Enron than Anjam.   Vince 
 Dolores  Please, register me for a session on 9/29/2000 at 12:45.   Vince Kaminski 
 FYI  Vince 
 Shmuel,  Let's see if we can either rearrange the seminar speakers or change the date of our visit to the campus. Ashley Baxter, our coordinator is very efficient and got a faculty room for a presentation on Monday morning on the 16th.  Vince 
 Dear Dr. McMullen,  A few weeks ago I received a call from your University regarding employment opportunities at Enron.  I called back and summarized the  needs of my group (an ideal profile of a candidate):  1. mathematical finance 2. computer programming (C, C++) 3. understanding of the energy markets  I shall appreciate any information about potential candidates.  I have also given some other suggestions regarding potential opportunities for graduates with different profiles.  Please, feel free to call me. My number is 713 853 3848.  Vince Kaminski 
 Dear Mr. Ray,  I regret to inform you that due to very heavy workload we cannot attend the Power Systems Engineering Research Center's upcoming Industrial Advisory Board meeting in Oak Brook.  Our  work load does not leave us much time to get involved with PSERC at this moment. We would very much like to stay in touch and plan to reconsider our decision in the second half of this year.  Vince Kaminski 
 Dear Dr. McMullen,  A few weeks ago I received a call from your University regarding employment opportunities at Enron.  I called back and summarized the  needs of my group (an ideal profile of a candidate):  1. mathematical finance 2. computer programming (C, C++) 3. understanding of the energy markets  I shall appreciate any information about potential candidates.  I have also given some other suggestions regarding potential opportunities for graduates with different profiles.  Please, feel free to call me. My number is 713 853 3848.  Vince Kaminski 
 Shmuel,  The date of our trip to Berkeley has been set. It will be October 16th and 17th (Monday and Tuesday).  I shall be glad to make a presentation on energy derivatives markets (development of the markets in the US and Europe, valuation difficulties, Enron's role in developing the forward markets for natural gas and electricity).  Please, let me know if this topic would be of interest to you. If this is the case, I shall follow with a title and an abstract.  By the way, are you free for dinner on Monday?  Vince 
 Jeff,  I don't think this transaction makes sense. We should not keep increasing our exposure in one area, given that we can deploy our capital in a more efficient way elsewhere, without taking illiquid, long-term positions.   Vince 
 Barbara,  We are in touch with Ketra and John and we shall work with them when they are here.  Vince 
 Becky,  I have finished my budget but before I send it  out, I would like to run it by you. I made a few assumptions and changes to the template.  Can you find 15 minutes today or tomorrow? I can walk you through the spreadsheet.  Vince 
 Send check to Lisa 
 Chris,  My part has not changed for some time (since early July).  I sent  the last vintage of corrections  to you when I was in Sydney. You can send the version you consider final to us just to double check.  I took the liberty of sending our chapter to Darrell Duffie and he liked it. What is more important he did not find any error.   I shell send you my comments on the article for Robin in a day or so.  Vince 
 Maruti,  Does 11:30 Enron Building work for you?  Vince 
 Althea,  I was trying to get in touch with this guy. Did he contact you by any chance?  He missed the interviews on the campus.  Vince 
 http://www.risklab.ch/Papers.html#SLTFR 
 Kim,  FYI. I checked on the progress of the accounting adjustment and was told it would happen this month.  Vince 
 Lisa Marcelli Bank One Securities P.O. Box 2629 Houston, TX 77252 TX2-4010  Phone: (713) 751 3967 (713) 751 3901 yaneth   $37.4 
 Maruti,  What about September 8, Friday?  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Kristin,  What about the visit to the campus on Nov. 3?  Any resolution?  Vince 
 Shirley,  Most recent org chart. As you can see Li Sun is reporting to Kevin Kindall.  Vince 
 Pierre,  I am working with Kristin Gandy on my trip. Hopefully, she will be able to confirm the November date in a day or two. Kristin  is taking care of all the arrangements.  Vince 
 Ashley,  Thanks. Please, always cc my assistant Shirley Crenshaw (3-5290). She does not read my mail.  Vince       Enron Technology 
 Stinson,  Can you read the attached?  Vince 
 Stinson,  Any action on this?  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Amitava,  Congratulations.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Eric,  Mandeep Chahal, Ainsley Gaddis, Sofya Tamarchenko, Elena Chilkina, James Aimone should not count. M. Chahal was transferred to the New Company, the rest are summer interns (gone back to school), or part-time high  school or college kids. I shall walk  around and remind the rest of the crowd about the deadline.  Vince 
 Phone: Joel 011 44 207 484 9885 011 44 207 833 3083 
 Outline for Stinson. 
 Paul,  Thanks for your message. I am in process of finalizing my plans for the trip to London in the end of September. I delayed  responding to you message till I had more specific information.  Unless there a major change in my schedule, I shall arrive in London on Monday morning (September 18) and  leave on Thursday in the evening.  Please, let me know what would be convenient time to meet. You can send me an E-mail message and my secretary will contact to confirm the date and place of the meeting. My assistant's name is Shirley Crenshaw and her phone number is 713 853 5290.    I look forward to meeting you, Tom and Julian.  Vince Kaminski 
 Felix,  Please, resend me the term papers of your group, each as  a separate file. Please send it to my AOL address as well as work address.  My AOL address is  vkaminski@aol.com  My home phone number is 281 367 5377.  Vince 
 Gina,  I shall be glad to speak with you. Shirley Crenshaw will call you to set up a meeting.  Vince 
 Ehud,  Thursday would be great.  I shall make reservations.  Vince 
 Shirley,  I have confirmed.  Vince 
 Steve,  Thanks.  Vince 
 John,  Sorry to see you go. Let's stay in touch.  Vince       Enron Technology 
 Grant,  Did you respond to this one?  Vince 
 Shan,  It's nice to hear from you. Congratulations on the new job. FT is my favorite publication I never miss (and I read a number of different FT publications, including FT Energy collection).  You can contact Harry Arora (X 6750)  here in London who works on finance related E-commerce projects. He may give you some useful comments. I shall be myself very interested in the first issue of your new publication.  Regards  Vince 
 Naveen,  Most of these tests have been already coded. The code and the associated spreadsheets may have been lost inn the sands of time. Please, check with Vasant: it may save you some time.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please register me for this.  Vince 
 Rodrigo,  I think it is Churrasco's, A South American restaurant. I shall make reservations for the 12th. I shall also arrange the meetings on Tuesday with different units of the Research group.   Vince 
 Ashley,  FYI  Vince 
 Rodrigo,  We shall be very glad to meet you.  If you can dedicate one day to meeting the members of the Research Group I could arrange a series of meetings with different units.  What about Sep the 11th or Sep the 12th (Monday or Tuesday)?  If you are free one evening we can have dinner together.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, register me for this conference.  Vince 
 Shmuel,  Thanks for the message. I am working with our recruiter, Ashley Baxter, to finalize the date of the trip. I shall shoot for October the 23rd if this date works for the rest of our team.  Vince 
 Michael,  Thanks for the information. We shall have the results for you by tomorrow morning.  Vince      Michael Anderson @ AZURIX 08/23/2000 07:48 PM 
 Norma,  I cannot open the Excel file. It's encrypted.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Mulong,  I think you can easily find this information on Internet.  Vince 
 John,  Easter may not work for me because I shall most likely be visiting my son who goes to school in California (we were spending Easter together for the last three years).  Vince 
 Rabi,  Thanks for your message. Everybody who interviewed you was greatly impressed with your technical skills and professional attitude.  We shall extend an offer to you within a day or two.  Vince 
 John,  I haven't received the invitation yet to the Sep 13th meeting. I shall contact you Thursday regarding the CMU presentation.  Vince 
 Ashley.  FYI. What about Oct 16?  Vince 
 A reminder to the Houston crew. The meeting starts at 11:30. Please, be on time.  Vince 
 Doug,  Propane prices as promised.  Vince 
 Stinson,  No problem. I shall forward the letter to HR to enter this information into the company's records.  I hope you will have good time and come back with fresh dose of energy.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, add the date at the right place.  Vince 
 Jeff,  I met with Li Sun last night and I shall take her for the first rotation. She comes across as a very smart and highly motivated person.  I am planning to go with Mark Palmer to Wharton in October to finalize the deal.  Vince 
 Mulong,  We shall send you natural gas Henry Hub prices right away. Please look at the last winter and the winter of 95/96.  We shall prepare for you the electricity price information (Cinergy, Cobb and Palo Verde) but you have to approach FT (the publishers of Megawatts Daily, a newsletter that produces the price index we recommend using)  and request the permision to use the data. We are not allowed to distribute this information.  Please, explain that this is for academic  research and that we can produce the time series for you, conditional on the permission from the publishers of Megawatts Daily.  Vince Kaminski 
 Ted,  Take a look.  Vince 
 Christian,  About two years ago I asked Joe Hrgovcic to look tinto EVT applications. As far as I know he is the only person in the group, in addition to me, looking at EVT.  Vince 
 Mark,  I fully agree with you regarding general trends. I see  great progress in software applications that facilitate the process and make it almost painless to the end-user.  With you permission, I can show the material you sent me to my son, who studies computer science, and ask him for his view.  Vince 
 Phil,  Wednesday would work for me.   Vince 
 Jeff,  No problem. We shall invite her for an interview. A/A programs has real problems with logistics.  Vince 
 Anita,  No  problem.  Vince 
 Elena,  Please, prepare for Mulong NG and power price series. We can use  Henry Hub for NG, Cinergy, Cobb and PV for electricity.  We can send him NG price right away. Electricity prices are different: he has to obtain permission from FT (Megawatts Daily). I shall cc you on my msg to him.  Vince 
 John,  Please, take a look at this resume. One complicating factor: this person is under freeze (EI employee).  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Shelly,  I shall not accept anybody for a rotation without a prior interview.  Li was scheduled to meet with me last Thursday but  she never showed up. She did not call to cancel or to apologize for not showing up. I have not seen her resume.  Please, assume she is not rotating into my group till further notice.  Vince 
 John,  Thanks. I have reserved March the 2nd for the meeting.  Vince 
 Elena,  Can you, please, help with these prices? Very urgent.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Kim,  I am sending you the presentations by Krishna and Y. Feng.  These presentations may be further modified by both Krishna and Youyi before Wednesday.  Vince 
 Mark,  FYI.  What about going to Wharton in October to attend the E-commerce conference?  Vince 
 Stinson,  Can you coordinate these visits?  Vince 
 Vasant,  Can you send me the electronic version of the documents for Ben Gleason (cost of capital)? I would like to play with the numbers and check a few ideas.  Vince 
 Giuseppe,  It's great. What about Saturday, around 4:00 p.m.?  I shall send you the directions to my house.  Vince 
 Minor changes I made to Alex's paper.   Vince 
 http://www.france3.fr/ 
 Marge,  Barbara's coordinates:   Barbara Ostdiek Assistant Professor of Finance Jones Graduate School of Management Rice University 6100 Main Street - MS 531 Houston, TX 77005-1892  713-285-5384 (voice) 713-285-5251 (fax) ostdiek@rice.edu www.ruf.rice.edu/~ostdiek/ 
 Marge,  The person at Rice to work with is Barbara Ostdiek. Her E-mail address is below (on one of the messages appended at the bottom).   Vince     MARGE NADASKY 08/17/2000 10:13 AM 
 Andreas,  This looks OK. I look forward to receiving a formal confirmation from you.  Vince 
 CO 1051 Fri  2:22 p.m.  departure CO 488 Sun    10:55 p.m.  arrival Sun  Breckenridge  phone #  970 453 3156 
 FYI  Vince 
 Doug,  I shall be glad to meet you and help you with the project. My assistant will call you to set up a meeting latter this week.   Vince 
 Rudi,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Shirley,  No numbers.  Vince 
 Rahul,  I shall be glad to meet with you. Please, give me a call when you get here.  Vince 
 My phone number is 713 853 3848.  Vince Kaminski 
 Shirley,  No info in this msg.  Vince 
 Darrell,  Thanks a lot. I really appreciate it. The text is below our usual standards but we are completely swamped with work here.  Vince 
 John,  Naveen's resume.  Vince 
 Krishna,  Niclas introduces himself as an associate in the Research Group. I think we should clarify his status.  Vince 
 Barabara,  It looks  great. It's a very nice design.   Vince 
 Shirley,  Thanks.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 http://www.math.ethz.ch/finance/ 
 FYI   Vince 
 http://dir.hotbot.lycos.com/Society/People/ 
 http://www.risklab.ch/ 
 http://www.math.ethz.ch/~baltes/ftp/papers.html 
 Ashley,  Another professor I contacted. His web page is http://are.Berkeley.EDU/~rausser/ Can we firm up the trip date? I shall be able to line up some meetings  Vince 
 Sam,  Let's go for Giuseppe amd Sean first.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Anita,  I need 15 minutes to explore if she fits the group. Please, schedule a meeting on Thursday, Aug 17.  Vince 
 Mike,  Bad news.  It may be necessary to go to Sydney.  Vince 
 Vasant, Please, take a look at this eresume.  Vince 
 Sam,  Do we have a new person to cover?  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Pierre-Philippe,  I have contacted Allison Bailey to ask her to move her visit to the campus to coincide with my presentation. I hope to hear from her soon.  Vince Kaminski  P.S.  Nice WEB site 
 Quentin,  I have just received another message from Sydney.  Phil Taylor from our office is Sydney is coordinating your  interview.  Thanks for the copy of your paper.  Vince 
 Mike,  Any comments?  Vince 
 Quentin,  I forwarded your resume to our Sydney office with a request to invite you for an introductory interview. I would also like  to arrange a phone interview with you sometimes next week. My assistant will call you regarding the timing.  Vince 
 Chris,  My evaluation form for Jeff.  Vince      Enron North America Corp. 
 Scott,  Please stop by when you visit Houston. Give me a few days' warning to set up a meeting.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, put it on my schedule.  Vince 
 Vera,  We shall talk to the accounting group about the correction.  Vince 
 Darrell,  Grant just alerted me that I sent you only  part of the text.  Here is the full chapter with an aged version of Gran't part. What I sent you represents an update of his contribution.  Sorry for that.  Vince 
 Anjam,  I have another meeting. Please, talk to Grant.  I shall catch him in the morning to review where we stand.  Vince      Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 Shirley,  Please, reschedule.  Vince 
 Krishna,  We have to talk to Shirley and she will take care of it. Let's catch her ASAP.  Vince 
 Darrell,  Grant Masson, Ronnie Chahal and myself made a contribution to the book on energy derivatives to be published soon in Australia (a book by Clewlow and Strickland).  Given our growing workload and responsibilities, the quality of the paper is less than satisfactory. I would like to make sure that there are no obvious and embarrassing  errors in what we submit. I would appreciate if you could take a quick look at the chapter and give us the feedback (under the same arrangement as in the previous cases).  Thanks for looking at our storage model. I shall give you a call within the next few days to update you on our work and developments at Enron. Vince will start his senior year in 6 weeks. He wants to graduate and look for work: he thinks getting an advanced degree in his field makes no economic sense. He spent the summer building his own computer (1000 MHz clock speed). I was the unskilled immigrant worker toiling under his management.  I hope everything is well at home and that your wife's company is doing great.  Regards.  Vince 
 FYI  Bug in Adobe software.   Vince Kaminski 
 I shall interview this candidate next week (a very preliminary interview) to evaluate his potential and determine if he fits Enron's culture.  Do you see a need for a person with his skills in your area (litigation support)?  Vince 
 Craig,  Thanks for the feedback. Elena is doing really great  and I think that she will be a great Enron's asset.  Vince 
 David,  Thanks for the invitation. I shall check my schedule on Monday and will get back to you regarding the conference.  I hope you will a very Happy Easter.  Vince 
 Al,  Thanks. Confirmed for Wednesday, next week, 7:00 a.m.  Vince 
 Grant,  I agree. We shall give him an offer of a job in Houston (on the terms we discussed with)  plus an option to stay in London, if he does not like Houston.  His choice. I think we extended a very generous offer to him and he may have an excessive perception of his contribution to Enron.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 I think you buy a SAS Manual, not a Manuel.   Vince Kmainski 
 Aram Sogomonian  Phone: (503) 813 5754 (w) 5608 (w) (503) 701 6692 (c)  (503) 675 1658 (h)   kweenmarys@aol.com 
 Blake,  I forwarded the Azure presentation to Greg Whalley recommending that he takes a look at it.  Vince 
 Greg,  Blake Johnson sent me this proposal (I think some of his friends are the founders of this group). It looks like a good project for Brad Romine to evaluate it.  Vince 
 John,  It's very interesting.  Thanks.   Vince 
 http://www-path.eecs.berkeley.edu:80/~ucenergy/PDFDown.html 
 Ashley,  The web site address of the prof at Berkeley I contacted.  http://www.ieor.berkeley.edu:80/~oren/  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, fax the resume to  Raymond.  Vince 
 Raymond,  Yes, Simon Hurst.  Vince 
 Karla,  August is a vacation month in France.  I would not count on a response any time soon.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Vasant,  Good enough. The last edition includes the discussion of price processes.  Vince 
 Joe,  I have written to Pal Quilkey to invite Christian Werner to Houston for a week to discuss how much of his research we can use.  Vince 
 http://pstemarie.homestead.com/ 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Karl,  Thanks a lot. I have passed this information to Grant Masson who worked here on a related problem. He will get in touch with you regarding this technology.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, put it on my schedule.  Vince 
 Sam,  Looks good.  Vince 
 Amy,  I think that Rick Causey wants simply to obtain more information to make a reasonable decision.  We should cancel the meeting for the time being and let Rick  obtain clarification of some issues from AA. I would agree that AA came up with a rather vague concept of what they want to accomplish.  Vince 
 Sam,  We shall Datren's paper.   Vince       Enron North America Corp. 
 Lee Choo 
 Sheila,  No, we have to go through the posting phase first. I shall ask Shirley to provide the job description.   Vince 
 Barbara,  Yes, I would  like to renew the subscription.  Thanks for the reminder.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 I am forwarding to you a paper by some UT professors. They approached us about the possibility of licensing this technology to us.  Under the nondisclosure agreement, we have to give them an answer in 90 days and tell them why we don't want to use it (if we decline the offer).  Please, don't circulate the paper to other members of the group without letting them know that it's confidential and should not leave Enron. In any case, please, let me know who else saw the paper. We should make sure that the circulation is limited so that it does not leak out.  Vince 
 Hi Kirstee,  Thanks again for all your work on MG. One think to double check is units. Please, make sure that the prices are quoted in the same units our positions come in.  One potential source of confusion arises from the fact that we are dealing with different cultures (metric system vs. English measures).    Vince      Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 Hi David,  It was nice meeting you and Jana again. I hope you will have terrific vacation. It's likely to be very hot, wherever you go.  Vince  P.S. Our  e-mail addresses are  vkaminski@aol.com   and    ludkam @aol.com 
 anthonymends@hotmail.com 
 Mike,  Very interesting.  Vince 
 Peter,  Please, call me on Monday and we shall set u a conference call.  Vince 
 Julie,  No problem. It's your call but Chris should also be mentioned as number one.  Vince 
 Wendy,  I did not. I shall send somebody to your location to pick it up.  Vince 
 I am sending you an updated version of the MG VaR memo, following the discussion Grant and I had with Bjorn Thursday evening.  Please, let me know if you think more changes are required.  Vince 
 Tony,  Aug 26th 
 Steve,  I shall call you tomorrow about it. My preference is to move Anjam to Houston for some time. Anjam knows a lot about our business and specific positions and it's better to prevent a potential leak. I have discussed this issue with Dale and Richard  and  they concurred.  I don't  expect Anjam to act irrationally but it's better to be safe than sorry.  Vince 
 Stinson,  No  problem.  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Thanks for your message. A call sometimes between 7:00 and 8:00 is fine. I come to the office around 7:00 traffic permitting.  Vince 
 Julie,  The introduction looks fine. I have made some cosmetic changes (typos and split infinitives that slipped by). You can safely ignore most o= f=20 them. English is not even my second language.  The corrections are in pink.  Vince 
 Scott,  I shall attend.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Jeff,  I am sending you a recommendation regarding our cooperation with the Wharton School, following my visit with Tom Piazze in May. Tom is a Corporate Relations Officer at Wharton.  Recommendation.  I am writing to you to recommend joining The Wharton Partnership. The Partnership is an umbrella program established to coordinate Wharton School initiatives for industry-academic cooperation. Currently, the partnership supports alliances with approximately  200 companies worldwide.  The recommended annual contribution by Enron is between $100K-150K, that puts us in the top bracket of contributing companies, such as GE, Citigroup, Goldman, Sachs & Co., Intel, and many others.  The contribution is executed through grants to different research projects that would directly benefit Enron. The choice of the projects is at our discretion and can be changed over time depending on the business needs.  Benefits to Enron.  Enron can benefit from the Partnership by:  - gaining advance access to current academic research - significantly increasing our presence  and visibility on the campus, enhancing   our recruiting efforts - taking our message directly to influential academics who have significant influence on public opinion - gaining access to high quality executive education programs  Specific Programs.  The Partnership functions through involvement in different research projects. I have identified a few projects that will maximize the benefit to Enron.  1. WeBI (Wharton e-Business Initiative). This programs provides an umbrella for different initiatives in the area of curriculum development, research and corporate engagement related to e-commerce.  Main benefits: access to e-commerce research and enhanced recruitment opportunities.  2. Emerging Technologies Management Research Program. Interdisciplinary program addressing issues facing companies in new markets: managing intellectual property, participating in emerging technologies, selecting the optimal organizational structures.  Benefits to Enron: access to financial technology in the area of valuation of intangible assets and new forms of business organizations.  3. Risk Management and Decision Process Center. Development of techniques for assessment and management of non-traditional risks (risks outside the scope of traditional insurance contracts and capital markets instruments).  Benefits to Enron: access to new risk management tools, dissemination of information about our capabilities in this area.  Potential users of the program at Enron.  My group could coordinate the cooperation with the Risk Management and Decision Process Center.  Greg Whalley is a potential customer for WeBI. Several different units of Enron can be involved with  Emerging Technologies Management Research Program.  Vince 
 Elena,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Beth,  Yes. I would appreciate it.  Vince 
 Dale  I shall try to close the loop today or tomorrow.  I have already mentioned this to Anjam.  Vince 
 www.severancepackage.com. 
 Anjam,  Thanks.  Vince     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 Shirley,  We have not accepted him yet. I shall speak with him alone.  Vince 
 Sam,  We already subscribe to some titles here.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Beth,  Thanks.  Dhabol is one. There should be 2 more case studies we used. One about old EGS, the 2nd about TVA options.  2-3 copies will be sufficient.  Vince 
 Carl,  Thanks for the message.  My fax # is  713 646 2503.  Vince 
 Sean,  I think we should  invite Bruce for additional interviews. I think that he does not have the skills required in my unit, but he could contribute in other areas.  Here is the list of potential interviewees:  John Echols Ted Murphy Mark Ruane  Vince 
 Shirley,  Do you remember about Exceed?  Vince 
 Beth,  Thanks for the quick reply. I cannot access the body of the message.  Vince 
 John,  My new E-mail address is   vkamins@enron.com.  I am compiling the  information for you. I should be able to send it in a few days.  Vince 
 Beth,  I have a favor to ask. Do we have copies of Harvard Business School case studies about Enron? We use these case studies during Super Saturdays. I need a few copies. This is for Prof. John Martin.  Vince 
 Grant,  Who can look into it?  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, make sure Jeff Shankman is notified.  Vince 
 Anita,  OK.  Vince 
 Anita,  The curent list  you gave me below is fine.  Vince 
 Sheila,  Done. Please, note. There are some bugs in the system. B. Glisan is listed as my supervisor.  Vince 
 Jeff,  The meeting is scheduled  for  Wednesday afternoon.  Vince 
 Quentin,  Thanks for your message. We are always looking for new employees with the right skills.  Please, send me your resume and I shall determine what is the best way to arrange an interview. We can interview you in Sydney and then bring you to Houston for another round of interviews.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, send it to the entire group.  Vince  ****************************************************************************** ****************  This is another reminder about the responsibility we have as a group for cleaning the conference rooms after  meetings. For many  visitors to Enron a conference room maybe the first and the last exposure to the company.  Last Thursday, some members of the group left, leaving behind their lunch boxes on the table.  Please, don't embarrass me by having to point out to you that your mothers don't work here.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Sam,  One more minor change. This is the last version.  Vince 
 Sam,  This is the file for TC. Please keep in mind it's the third article in a=20 series.  Vince 
 Hi Jana,  That looks good. I am ready to take one class soon. I shall  check with Ludmila.  Vince 
 Looks good.  Vince 
 Sam,  I asked Stinson to review it. U should have it in 15 minutes.  Please, shoot me the column.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Kevin,  FYI  Vince 
 Sam,  Yes, I will contribute.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Molly,  We would like to bring this student as a summer intern (the last one, we are running out of space).  I shall send you another message regarding his proposed dates.  Thanks. I hope you have a very Happy Easter.  Vince 
 John,  For your information.  Vince 
 Tom,  Thanks. If you have an extra copy, please send me one.  Vince 
 Tom,  Can you send the info regarding SDDP to John?  Vince 
 John,  I saw it. Very interesting.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Vasant and I talked to Clayton about his request for transfer. Clayton received a conditional approval contingent upon completion of the current project he works on. Vasant will formulate exact definition of the deliverables and we will hold  Clayton  to it. If he fails to deliver the request for transfer will be rejected. Anything else would be highly demoralizing to everybody.  Clayton has so far produced exactly zero (no single output was delivered) though he was advertising the projects inside and outside the group as completed. I want you to be aware of it, because I have serious doubts regarding Clayton's integrity.  Vince 
 Rick,  Thanks for your message. I am familiar with the Computational Finance  program and value its high quality.  Please, call me next week. The best time is between 7:00 and 8:30  a.m. CST.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Jim,  Thanks. I shall drop him an E-mail.  Vince 
 Louise,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Clayton,  Thanks.  Vince      Clayton Vernon @ ENRON 07/27/2000 03:08 PM 
 Shirley,  Please, request Exceed for all the members of the group.  Vince 
 Kevin, No prolem.  Vince 
 Richard,  Please, let me know what the timetable is. I would like to talk to Anjam a few days before to break the news to him. I hope I can save him for the company and offer him a position in Houston. We desperately need skills he has.  Vince 
 Shijie,  We would like you to meet tomorrow morning, starting at 9:00,  with a few members of the group. Around 11:15 we shall go to lunch (myself, Stinson Gibner and Zimin Lu). At 1:00 we would like you to make a presentation to the Research Group on the topic of your choice. After 2:30 we shall continue with individual meetings.  We shall give you an agenda with the names and times when you arrive.  You can come to the lobby of the Enron building (1400 Smith) between 8:30 and 9:00 and call me (3-3848) or my assistant, Shirley Crenshaw (3-5290), to be admitted to the building. We are on the 19th floor.  Look forward to meeting you.  Vince Kaminski 
 Mark,  Steve's comment has many merits. I think Stinson Gibner and Grant Masson (physics Ph.D.'s) can help to identify academic and industry sources to validate some of the claims.  On the other hand, even if our guests were wrong by a factor of 2 or 3 in their time estimates, the technology they develop will bring about a technological revolution with enormous potential payoffs. It make sense to stay close to them and  to explore potential investment opportunities.  Vince 
 Mike,  Please, draft a message to JS, DD and JL outlining the AGA benefits and costs. This will be their decision.  Vince 
 Amy,  My bio.  Vince 
 Anita,  My version. Minor changes.  Vince 
 Stinson,  We can  offer him a job. The problem is, he has about 2 more years to go.  Vince 
 John,  I am writing to you regarding the management of the London Research group.  As you know, Dale Surbey, who was managing the London unit of the Research Group, is moving to EBS. Dale did a terrific job helping me to develop the pool of talent we have currently in London. Given that Dale is likely to be transfered to Houston,  it's time to nominate one member of the Research Group for a management position.   My recommendation is Steve Leppard. Steve emerged not only as the most technically qualified member of the group  but also as a natural leader, highly respected by his peers and internal customers.  Steve has a very high energy level and is very efficient as a manager and as  coach of new talent.  His promotion is likely to cause Anjam's departure form Enron. I value technical skills of Anjam, but in spite of my loyalty to him, don't think he is the same caliber as Steve. However, I would not like to lose him and think about moving him to Houston for 2 years. I think that the opportunity to work in Houston, would be a sufficient incentive to keep him in Enron. By the way, his performance feedback has greatly improved.  Please, let me know what you think.  Vince 
 Hi Jana,  The dress is casual.  In this restaurant we can sit outside (quite casual) or inside (more formal dress, but still casual).  I shall  also send you the directions to my home, just in case.  Vince 
 Hi Jana,  The trip was very interesting and I am still recovering.  On Friday we can meet at the restaurant. It's on the edge of the Woodlands. We can then go to our home and have drinks and chat.  The restaurant is:  Amerigo's Grill 25250 Grogans Park Dr Spring, TX 77380-2175 Phone: 281-362-0808  I have sent you an URL of the map of the part of the Woodlands where Amerigo's is located. It's a red dot on the map.  What about 7:00 p.m.?  Look forward to meeting you.  Vince 
 Anita,  An updated agenda. We still need Grant's bullet points.  Vince 
 FYI   Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, arrange a phone interview. Zimin, Stinson, and myself. He may be a good candidate for Tanya.  Vince 
 Wichai,  Thanks,  I have received the paper.  Vince 
 Phil,  I shall be in town through the rest of the week. Plesase, give me a call.  Vince 
 I shall be attending the bi-monthly meetings. We always have a significant number of associates rotating through my group and supporting different units of Enron.   Vince Kaminski     Enron North America Corp. 
 Cantekin,  Can you figure out the reason for cocoa beans VaR fluctuations? The same is true of aluminum. I assume this is the position change.   Vince 
 Osman,  Yes, but a visa may be a problem.  Vince 
 Ted,  We have the first running version of VaR model for the MG positions. Many thanks to Tanya and Anjam for taking lead in this effort. We had also great help from Cantekin and Kirstee. We want to validate some  inputs before releasing the number. Specifically, I want to make sure that both London and Houston work with the same position numbers every day to avoid confusion.  A few comments.  1. We plan to set up the models to run VaR concurrently in Houston (Cantekin)  and London (Kirstee) with the same inputs. The reason to do it this way is that we may have to respond quickly to multiple inquiries in both locations. (Cantekin and Kirstee, please stay in touch and synchronize the inputs ).  2. It is critical that we run the model daily and receive the updated positions and prices on a regular basis.  3. We shall continue work in Houston to improve the model. Two critical areas:  a. VaR model, by its nature, does not capture one big risk MG has in its portfolios. This is the liquidity risk resulting from different cash consequences of the hedges and the underlying positions. b.  We should go through due diligence to validate the process generating the position numbers (i.e. look into the details of specific transactions).  From what I know, MG has a fairly rudimentary risk management system and I am not quite sure how they generate option prices (and deltas). They get some option prices by calling brokers.  4. I think the current VaR is within 80-85% of the true number (assuming the inputs are right). But, as I have said, VaR does not capture all the risks that we have to worry about.  Vince 
 Sean,  Thanks. I appreciate it. Try David Port or Bjorn Hagelman.  Vince 
 Ted, Bjorn,  Any info about this position?  Vince 
 Mark,  One option is to talk to a number of physicists in my group who might be interested.  Vince     Enron Investment Partners 
 Grant   FYI  Vince 
 Dale,  Thanks for your message.  I was traveling last week and things were put on the back burner. You should see a letter to John Sherriff Wed morning (my time).  Vince 
 Barbara,  Yes, that would be fine.  Vince 
 http://www.kkrs.net/ 
 Rob,  Let me think about a good topic. You may also contact Steve Kean and ask the same question.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Shirley,  Yes. It's really nice.  Vince 
 Tom,  Thanks. I shall try to pick up the paper tonight. The E-mail caught me in a better place than an air conditioned place. I am in Australia and it's winter here.   Vince 
 Shirley,  Iris  took another job.  Vince 
 Clayton,  We can discuss your request  when I come back to the office on Monday.  Regarding the trip to Portland. Such a trip requires an  explicit prior permission from your boss, myself in his absence, or Stinson in my and Vasant's absence. In case you did not ask for such a permission before, the request  is denied.   Vince       Clayton Vernon @ ENRON 07/20/2000 03:12 PM 
 Guillermo,  I am currently in Sydney with no access to my data base. You can find the info you need at www.riskbooks.com.  Vince 
 Eric,  I have the presentation  on my laptop  and I shall send you the presentation in a few days when I get my back to my office in Houston.  I am currently using the system as a guest in our Sydney office.  The  person I mentioned is Anthony Dayao.  Vince Kaminski 
 Shirley,  Please, give them the details that are included in a standard   bio plus E-mail, phone number etc.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Yes. Please, give him my E-mail address or the phone number.  Vince 
 John,  I shall E-mail the information about SDDP  from Houston.  Vince 
 John,  I have the electronic versions of my presentations on my laptop. I shall E-mail both presentations to you tonight. Thanks for your interest.  Vince 
 Dale,  To follow up on my earlier message. Anjam expressed his concern that Sharad is holding off on our offer. I would consider bumping it up to 55,000 with a sign-on bonus. We badly need fresh talent.  I shall be in Australia next week. If you need any additional intervention from us, please, call Stinson.  Vince 
 John,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Molly,  Thanks a lot. I am very glad about Jinbaek.  Vince 
 Shalesh,  Grtant Masson looked into it.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Can you, please, send my itinerary to Ludmila?  ludkam@aol.com  Vince 
 Raymond,  I shall call you on Sunday after my arrival in Sydney. Look forward to meeting you again.  I shall be ready to speak on all the topics you mentioned.  Vince 
 Guillermo,  My slides are attached. There were many other speakers at this conference. You can purchase the documentation from Energy and Power Risk Management.  Vince 
 Van,  I am leaving for Australia today.  What about the week of the 24th?  Vince    Van T Ngo                07/14/2000 10:23 AM 
 Lloyd,  No problem. I wanted to make sure that everybody realizes how detailed-oriented our tasks are and that we have to be in direct communication with our counterparties.  Vince    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 Sheila,  I  am attaching the list of people who are top retention priority. The list is in the spreadsheet and the names are in the highlighted cell (red background).  I am also attaching the resume you asked for.  Vince 
 Bryan,  Thanks for your question and the message.  I shall let you know as soon as we have a date for the next real options seminar.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Hedging with the underlying may be unconstitutional ever since slavery has been abolished.  Vince 
 Erin,  Thanks  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Bill,  We spent about an hour  with Rick explaining the rationale behind different= =20 solutions and I think he has a better understanding of the models at this point.  I think he was asked by Jeremy to look into it.  Vince 
 The file 
 Kevin,  No problem.  Vince 
 Stinson,  No problem.  Vince 
 John,  Like beauty, it's in the eye of the beholder. My experience is that sometimes people with unconventional backgrounds have most to offer.  Vince 
 Erin, Thanks.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Yannis,  Yes, very much. Please stop by this week or  during the week of the 24th. I am in Australia next week.   Vince 
 Erin,  A book by Martha Amram and Nalin Kulatilaka is an excellent non-technical introduction to real options and it contains all the most important references to more advanced books and papers. The book has an endorsement  by Jeff Skilling on the cover page.  The Research Group offered  several one-day seminars on real options and applications to the energy industry. We still have a few binders with the presentation materials available if you are interested. We plan to repeat the seminar sometimes in the fall. The first part of the seminar (about 4 hours in the morning) covers general concept of real options and their applicability to the energy business. The second, more technical afternoon session, covers stochastic processes used to model price uncertainty in the energy markets and specific case studies (valuation of natural gas storage facilities and of peaking gas-fired power plants).  The real options approach has been developed specifically to address the problem of making investment decisions under uncertainty. Nobody in this field claims that this is a perfect tool, but it represents a significant progress compared to other techniques developed earlier.  Discounted cash flow analysis that tries to incorporate uncertainty through analysis of several, in most cases, arbitrary scenarios (most likely, optimistic, pessimistic). These scenarios don't identify explicitly the risk drivers and don't specify the future proactive management decisions.  The real, option approach is very powerful because it allows to (1) capture uncertainty in an explicit way and  (2) to design investment projects that allow to exploit future positive developments and reduce future exposures to downside risk. This approach allows also create a link between investment decisions and future operational decisions. Forward-looking investment decisions create options that are exercised in the future through active management of a project.  The real options technology relies heavily on advanced statistical tools to come up with the representation of future possible states of the world. The real challenge is to use these tools in a sensible way. I have seen in my career (almost 30 years of applying mathematical tools to business and economic problems) many quants armed with powerful computers who reminded me of monkeys armed with hammers. The challenge is not to run mechanically  thousands of simulations based on arbitrary assumptions but to translate in a  creative   way the insights of people who understand specific  businesses into parsimonious quantitative models. It is especially critical to stress-test the assumptions of any model and to ask the question if the outcome of a model depends critically on any set of assumptions. If this is the case one should use common sense to examine the underlying assumptions. I remember that in the early eighties quite a few models simulated the dynamics of oil prices, but all the stochastic scenarios represented fluctuations around a very optimistic  upward trend. One would have been better off stepping back and asking a simple question what Economics 101 teaches about cartels and the dynamics of supply and demand.        Enron North America Corp. 
 Shirley,  Please mark these dates on my calendar.  Vince 
 Dale,  I started drafting the letter to John. I shall send you a cc later this week.  Vince 
 Bring AER 
 Zhendong,  Thanks. Please,send me your updated resume as well.  Vince 
 I am forwarding the resume of Wendell Licon who works for Enron in the HR department (executive compensation). He used to be an FX trader. I am thinking about moving him to research when his current boss is ready to release him.  I think, however, that you should take a look at him as well and see if he fits your needs.  Vince 
 Beth,  I would appreciate it. See you at 11:45 tomorrow.  Vince 
 Rick,  The IT person Tanya would like to have dedicated to the MG effort is Ganapathy Ramesh.  Vince 
 Dale,  My recommendation is to make Steve the head of the research unit in London. We were talking originally about September but I think we should accelerate this process. Of course, Anjam will be very unhappy about it, but we cannot manage around him any longer.  I think that the promotion should be combined with a salary increase. I would like to offer him a significant increase that goes with expanded responsibilities and much higher visibility. A salary increase will also bring him closer to the market. We see the market for  technical people going through the roof in practically every location where we operate.  A contract is not a good solution in my view. It creates a sense of false security for both an employee and the company.  I shall send a message to John Sherriff with my recommendation. I shall cc you. I would appreciate if you could bring it up with John as well.  Vince 
 Beth,  I cannot read this message.  Vince 
 Anita,  Thanks. Vince 
 Tom,  Thanks for your message.  I shall be glad to attend the meeting (of course a lot may happen between now and then and we may have many unexpected developments in a company as dynamic as Enron).  I want to get back to you at some point with comments on your paper.  Vince 
 Lance,  I could not open the attachment. I concur with Vasant. We always face a challenge with summer interns: we don't want to expose them to too much information. We typically look for a self-contained project and limit intern's access to additional information.  Vince 
 Molly,  We would like to hire this person for the summer (standard offer).  Thanks.  Vince 
 Barbara,  My apologies. I was traveling and then we had the usual end of the quarter pandemonium.  I am sending you my presentations and would like to get back to you with some questions regarding your products.  Vince 
 Chonawee,  There are many interesting papers on executive stock options.  Keep bugging me for them.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, register me for Friday.  Vince 
 FYI   Vince 
 Thanks. I want to subcribe (see the list below).  Vince Kaminski 
 http://www.puc-rio.br/marco.ind/ro-links.html 
 Shirley,  Here it is.  Vince 
 Chonawee,  As I have pointed out, short-selling the stock may be a bad decision because of tax implications (ignoring the legal aspects).  Suppose the strike is $70 and you were granted an ATM option. You  sell short at $70 ten lots (one lot  = 100 shares). The price goes to $100. You lose $30 x 1000 = $30,000 on your short position. Option exercise gives you $30,000. This is before taxes. You pay taxes on your option income (it's treated as ordinary income). The tax is 28% x $30,000 = $8,400. You can use only $3,000 of your loss against ordinary income. This saves you only $840 in taxes.  Of course, if you have capital gains, you can use losses on your option position as an offset.  The remaining part of your capital loss  is carried forward and you get the tax benefits over time (less the time value of money), assuming you have income in the future (or capital gains).  Not so good.  By the way, valuation and optimal exercise of employee stock options is a very interesting and difficult problem.  Vince 
 SAP   P00503778 
 Angelika.  Yes.  Vince 
 Allen,  Let me try again.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Do you have a logo we can use? Plz, fwd it to her.  Vince 
 Mike, Craig, Lucy,  No problem. The last Issue I have is June. GD may have been referring to the July issue. We can ask Ed on Wednesday. I would also take his advice with a grain of salt.  Vince 
 Julian Rose 15 Greenwich Hills Drive Greenwich, CT 06831   Phone:  (203) 531 0691 (h) 
 Shirley,  Please, forward to the Research Group and confirm I shall come.  Vince 
 Margaret,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Joe,  In case you have not seen it.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Yes, I am available. Please send a resume to Shirley Crenshaw. Shirley will call you to set up the time.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, put Oleg Bodnar on Jeff Shankman's and John Arnold's schedules for an interview. He should be already on John Lavorato's schedule.   Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Sam,  Which one? Can you send it to me?  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Ronnie, The file.  Vince 
 Beth,  I could not access the document.  Vince 
 Sevil,  Grab me on Monday.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Let's act on it.  Vince 
 Toni,  Thanks.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Lloyd,  Yes, this would be very useful. I was told that we should not do any official business with MG until July 15. I don't want to violate those rules of engagement and go beyond casual contacts. After the 15th all the stops are off.  Vince 
 SS #  zqy6f958 
 Liz Purcell    Phone: (713) 582 3707 
 Confirmed  Vince Kaminski 
 Lloyd,  I think that we can arrange a few video conference meetings instead. I don't see a  justification for extending the stay over the weekend if we have an alternative solution.  Vince     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 Hi Van,  Thanks for your message. Please, stop by and say Hello.  Vince    Van T Ngo                06/30/2000 04:03 PM 
 http://www.weathereffects.com   enron  stros00 
 Brenda,  What test are we supposed to carry out? Is Monday next week OK?  Vince 
 Jana,  Friday, July 28th works for us. We can work out details closer to the 28th.  If you take  Hardy Toll Road, you will need about 40-45 minutes to get to the Woodlands on Friday after 6:00 p.m. I shall send you detailed directions later.  Look forward to seeing you again.  Vince 
 Correction,  Jack welch is the CEO of GE, not GM.  Vince Kaminski 
 Dale,  Confirmed.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Paul, Raymond,  Thanks for your message. Sorry I did not get in touch  with you earlier. The last few weeks were very hectic. I am starting right now my preparations for the presentation I am going to give at the conference.  Here are the details of my itinerary (I shall send you a copy tomorrow). I arrive Sunday morning and leave Saturday morning. The conference takes place on Monday and Tuesday. On Wednesday, I am making a presentation at the workshop on value-at-risk. I would like to stay at the conference for the duration: it's a great learning opportunity for me.  On Thursday and Friday, as well as in the evenings (except for the evening of July 18), I am at you disposal. I would like to take advantage of this trip and learn as much as I can about the Australian markets and discuss with you the research agenda. I shall be glad to make several presentation. I can repeat my workshop presentation on value-at-risk as well as cover additional topics.   Vince 
 Stinson, Helyette can be reached at 413 549 5071  and Geman@math.umass.edu.  Vince 
 Cindy,  October 11 would work for me. This is the date of my visit to Austin  to make a presentation Ehud's MBA class. If you need me to go to Austin an a different day, please, let me know. I shall be glad to help you, my schedule permitting.  Vince 
 vincek longrun   vkaminski  Password: rmgsite. 
 CERA   VKaminski  italia 
 Shijie,  A note: in both cases makes a reservation explicitly at a DOWNTOWN hotel. There are hotels with the same names elsewhere in Houston.  Vince 
 Shane,  Monday would work for us.  My assistant will contact you Wednesday to arrange the interviews.  Vince 
 Michael,  Please, contact Zimin Lu.  Vince Kaminski 
 Jim,  I agree with you. It just burns your time and mine. I shall take care of it when Ravi comes back from vacation.  Vince 
 Julie,  Thanks. It feels awesome to have so much power.  Vince 
 George, John,  We shall notify you about the location.  Vince  P.S. Shirley, please add George and John to the list (Grant, Alex, Sevil as well). 
 Jim,  Clarification regarding Shalesh' transfer to EBS.  The request to rotate Shalesh out of Research into EBS came from Ravi Thuraisingham. My understanding was that it was fully coordinated with you and I was more than happy to oblige.  Shalesh is concerned that his integrity is being questioned and I can assure you that he was not the instigator of the move.  My impression is that Shalesh is doing a very good job and Ravi is very happy him. I shall be glad to keep him in the Research Group in his current role.  Have a good 4th of July.  Vince 
 George,  Would you like to take a like at the service (see below). The meeting is on July 12 at 2:30 (19th floor).  Vince 
 Ed,  Wednesday, July 12, 2:300 will work for me.  I shall be glad to review your website -- www.weathereffects.com. I shall invite some people who work on electricity in my group to join me.   Vince 
 Shirley,  Can you copy and paste it and send it to the entire group?  Vince 
 David,  Can you use my MM funds to cover thislast purchase? I need to request another check from PWJ and it takes always time.  Vince 
 Molly,  My recommendation letter.  Vince      Enron North America Corp. 
 John,  Very interesting, I would make a point that the generation demand is highly volatile  and driven to a large extent by weather. Also, the changes in the structure of gas demand require development of different types of storage (more peaking storage).  Vince 
 Stinson,  Any interest?  Vince 
 Scott,  FYI. From Le Monde Diplomatique.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Barry,  Stinson forwarded your message to me. I am meeting Ted Murphy today and I shall bring it up with him. We have unit at Research (Tanya Tamarchenko, reporting to Grant Mason) who is responsible for V@R support.   Vince 
 FYI Vince 
 Mike,  Please, take a look at  it. Can we give him some useful comments to establish a relationship?   Vince 
 Sam,  Thanks.  I shall write one.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Jana,  What about Friday ro Saturday night (your choice).  Vince 
 Tom,  Greg's phone number is 713 853 5220. He is very difficult to reach (frequent trips).  You may find this information useful: Greg is a West Point graduate and spent a few years in the  military, before obtaining an MBA from Stanford. He is a very dynamic person and a very pragmatic thinker.  I hope you have a great holiday weekend.  Vince 
 Clayton,  It translates into a credit risk for those on the other side of the hedge. Many producers have a long history of poor timing of hedges. I could give you quite a long list. They definitely need a bright adviser who will tell them the price of gas two years from now.  Vince        Clayton Vernon @ ENRON 06/29/2000 01:02 AM 
 FYI,  My message to RISK.  Vince 
 Laura DeShazer=20 OIL & GAS JOURNAL ONLINE=01;=20 www.ogjonline.com=20 800.874.1510 phone=20 918.831.9120 fax=20  vince vince 
 Li,  I shall take care of it Thursday.  Please, call me at the end of the day.  Vince 
 Greg,  Dale Nesbitt is a consultant who develops pricing models (spot and fwd) prices for E-commerce sites. He will be in Houston in the beginning of July. Any interest in meeting him?  Vince 
 Ed,  I shall be available on both days. What about Wednesday, July 12, between 1:30 and 4:00. Please, let me know what time would work for you.  It will be nice to see you again.  Vince  P.S. By the way, did you have a chance to take a look at the EOL? 
 Dale,  Sorry for a delay in responding to your message. I shall talk to the head of our B2B unit on Friday this week and shall remind him about your visit.  I hope he can make a decision at this time whether he is interested in pursuing this opportunity  Vince 
 Tom,  I am sending you the information about our new B2B unit. I have talked yesterday with Greg Whalley who is heading the new unit about the E-commerce project at Wharton and recommended that Enron join this program.  I have sent him this morning a copy of the materials you gave me.  The meeting with Jeff Skilling has been pushed till the 2nd half of July. I talked to him briefly twice that Jeff Shankman and I want to discuss with him building a relationship with Wharton. Jeff Shankman is, by the way, a great friend of your institution.   Vince  ****************************************************************************** ***********************  COMPANIES & FINANCE: THE AMERICAS: Enron sees bricks and bytes mix reshaping energy market: Purchase of MG only a start in building B2B platforms, writes Hillary Durgin:     COMPANIES & FINANCE: THE AMERICAS: Enron sees bricks and bytes mix reshaping energy market: Purchase of MG only a start in building B2B platforms, writes Hillary Durgin: 99% match; Financial Times ; 16-Jun-2000 12:00:00 am ; 604 words By HILLARY DURGIN  If Jeffrey Skilling is right,  Enron's acquisition of MG is only the tip of the iceberg. Enron's president and chief operating officer is engineering a fundamental strategy shift at the Houston energy company, aimed at making it a dominant "new economy" player across various industrial markets.  The Dollars 446m acquisition last month of MG, the UK-based metals trader, is only the first of more than Dollars 1bn in estimated new investments the company is targeting. It is seeking vehicles on which to build business-to-business (B2B) platforms in sectors such as logistics, chemicals, agricultural products and pulp & paper.  Mr Skilling wants to take the business model the company developed in natural gas and power and apply it to other wholesale commodity markets. He argues the electronic platforms it creates will not only become the principal B2B sites for those sectors, but reshape those industries.  As an example, he points to Enron's new e-commerce platform, EnronOnline, which has changed the way the company does business with its customers while significantly increasing sales.  The company - the largest wholesale merchant of natural gas and power - saw wholesale, physical deliveries of natural gas surge 53 per cent in the first quarter.  Critics argue that Enron's move away from its familiar energy business into new industries, where the learning curve is steep and the competition entrenched, is risky. Yet a number of industry analysts point out Enron has proved it understands markets and how to manage risks while becoming the largest importer of coal in the UK, the largest trader of gas and power in the US and grabbing an advantage in bandwidth.  "It's a prudent strategy, but it's got to be done in an orderly way," says Ronald Barone, analyst with Paine-Webber in New York. "What they're doing here is what they've been incredibly successful at doing," he adds, noting that Enron posted Dollars 1.3bn in earnings before interest and taxes (ebit) from its wholesale energy and services business in 1999, up 34 per cent from the previous year.  Earnings from that division accounted for two-thirds of the company's overall income before interest and taxes last year, and Mr Barone sees the unit's ebit increasing 15-30 per cent annually over several years.  As with gas and power and now broadband, where Enron is standardising contracts and creating a market in bandwidth, it wants to create markets by entering as a physical player and providing merchant, risk management and financial services over the internet.  "We will provide electronic commerce, but we will provide liquidity and we will provide settlement, or fulfilment of that contract," Mr Skilling says. "That is an extremely powerful model. If you look at other B2B sites, they don't do that."  Mr Skilling argues Enron's e-commerce platform will triumph over the other, bulletin board-type exchanges, where striking a deal depends on two parties hooking up and working through uncertainties over timing, price, credit and fulfilment.  Not everyone shares that view. Some energy companies, for example, would rather not do business with a competitor. BP Amoco recently purchased a 3 per cent stake in Altra Energy Technologies, a Houston- based, neutral wholesale energy exchange. With Koch Industries and American Electric Power, it also committed to carry out a fixed volume of transactions on the site to lend it liquidity.  Just as in gas and power and now broadband and metals, Enron believes it needs networks of strategic physical assets. In acquiring MG, Enron got a stable of warehouses, lending it a strong physical position.  "It should provide (MG) with a more vibrant, more active physical spot market in more markets in the world," says Greg Whalley, chief executive officer of Enron Net Works, the new division Enron is launching to identify and enter commodity markets. He argues that in metals and other markets, Enron will deliver better pricing, price risk management services, cross-commodity transactions and flexible transactions for a wider range of customers.  Mr Skilling says there are significant rewards for restructuring an industry.  "If you can take that platform, and you use the capabilities the bricks bring to the table, e-commerce the industry and change the structure, you're selling for more than a 50 multiple."  Copyright , The Financial Times Limited 
 Jana,  A correction. I am going to spend one week in Australia and I have just realized that I have to leave on Friday, July the 14th, at night, to arrive in Sydney on Sunday morning.  Maybe we can meet on Friday the 7th (we would like to invite you to dinner and then we can have a glass of wine outside, the weather and mosquitoes permitting).  Alternatively, we can meet during the weekend of July the 29th.   Vince 
 Piotr,  Dziekuje za wiadomosc. Bede prawdopodobnie w Londynie w koncu wrzesnia. Ciesze sie, ze wszystko idzie pomyslnie.  Odezwij sie, jesli bedziesz przyjezdzal do Stanow.  Rozmawialem ostatnio z Twoim kolega, Avi Hauser.  Wicek  Wincenty Kaminski 10 Snowbird The Woodlands, TX 77381 Phone:  (281) 367 5377 (h) (713) 853 3848 (o) Cell     :  (713) 898 9960 (713) 410 5396 (office mobile phone) 
 Brian,  The last class + plus a few days (depending on when I have to submit the grades).  Vince 
 FYI   Vince 
 1, Li Xiao 2. Accom 3. Barbara Weather 
 Shirley,  Please, set up a phone interview. Stinson, Krishna, Paulo, Grant.  Vince 
 Sam,  One correction after Stinson in my note at the very end.  You can easily see the correction (redundant "with" was removed).  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Hi Jana,  I would like to invite you to visit us in the Woodlands one weekend in July. My wife wants to make the house presentable after her long absence and the months of my neglect. I think I need the coming long weekend to clean up all the papers and we shall be ready. What about the following weekend or the next one?  Vince 
 This is the list of projects for the members of the "quant" team. If you are working on different project, please, ignore this message.  Please, develop in a spreadsheet solutions/examples for the following:  1. Black-Scholes formula 2. Black's formula 3. Develop a spreadsheet to simulate price trajectory using: a. GBM b. GBM + jump (Formula 2.16 in the book, Figure 2.7) c. Mean reversion + jump (Formula 2.17, Figure 2.8) 4. Schwartz Single Factor Model (Formula 6.12) 5. Develop models corresponding to the Figures 7.1, 7.3, 7.5, 7.6, 7.8  Vince 
 Stinson-san & Co,  We may become famous in Japan. Please, see the message below.  Vince 
 John,  I think the crucial distinction is between recognition of risks and elimination of risks through hedges (as correctly pointed out  in other messages). Being aware of risk does not mean that one does not want to be compensated for it.  Now a few more detailed comments.  1. I think that illiquidity discount represents double counting when combined with a project finance discount rate. Illiquidity discount, in my view, should be applied to financial options that trade in a market without sufficient depth. One should apply a haircut if liquidating  a position takes a long time. The approach used in valuation of the Turkish transaction is the same as approach used in valuation of investments in physical assets, which are by definition illiquid. This illiquidity  is recognized through other aspects of valuation technology used in RAROC.  If we apply an illiquidity correction in this case, we should be consistent and use this approach  across the board for all project finance type cases (not that I recommend this course of action).  2. Valuation of an unheadgable options.  Let's look at it from the position of a seller of the option.  He cannot hedge a short call or put and Black-Scholes valuation becomes the floor for the valuation: the seller has to be compensated for taking a price risk (as opposed to taking a vol risk when he hedges). The issue of the compensation he will require becomes fuzzy. The option really becomes an insurance type product and pricing depends on two factors:  1. risk preference 2. existing portfolio positions  Risk preference. Insurance companies typically require a payment that consists of two parts: expected loss + unexpected loss. The latter is typically defined as 1 to 2 standard deviations. The number of  standard deviations depends on risk appetite and the ability to absorb the loss. I admit that it is a bit fuzzy, but this is the way the world works. We looked into insurance pricing at the request of Jere Overdyke. You can talk to Vasant Shanbhogue to find out more about it.  Existing portfolio positions. An additional contract may increase or decrease the risk of the overall portfolio. I would expect the deal to provide some risk diversification, but it does not look to me as a deal that reduces risk (given all our positions in this region).  What are the practical implications? Pricing depends on risk appetite (the utility function of a decision maker in technical jargon) and becomes to some degree arbitrary.  If we are short an option embedded in a deal and the option cannot be hedged, we should subtract from the value of the contract the value of the option (that is greater than the Black - Scholes value). If we don't price this option explicitly, the valuation of a contract will be based on a discount rate with a risk premium.  In the case of an option buyer, the situation is reversed. If he cannot hedge, he should recognize the risk of losing the value of his investment and apply a discount to the value of the option. How big is the discount? See the comments above.  In the special case, where hedging is possible and the Black-Scholes-Merton paradigm applies, both values will become equal (ignoring transaction costs). The values of an option form the point of view of a seller and a buyer will converge.  3. What happens in case we use simulation technology?  We can discount at the risk free rate along each scenario (each scenario will recognize the downside and/or upside at different points in time in different states of the world). If we run a sufficient number of scenarios, we shall get a distribution of NPV as of today. Knowing this distribution means that we can estimate risk, but in most cases we are still holding it. The expected value should be, therefore, adjusted for risk. This is equivalent to using a discount rate with a risk premium.  I hope this helps. Please, call me with additional questions. Sorry for a delay in responding to this question. I ran my response by Stinson and Vasant, to make sure we all agree. It's a very complicated technical problem and the financial theory does not have good answers.    Vince 
 Stinson,  Original version.  Vince 
 http://www.mackichan.com/products/version_3.5_prices.htm 
 Sevil,  Please, take a look at the attached newsletter.  Vince 
 Mark,  Please, tale a look at the attached newsletter. An interesting story on gaming Cal PX. Let me know if you have problems opening the document.  Vince 
 Celeste,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Elena,  FYI  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 I am forwarding a resume of one candidate who is very persistent and quite aggressive.  Please, take a look at him.  Vince 
 Pam,  The last group. Please, let me know if any name is missing.     Grade: A    Thanks a lot. It was a pleasure working with you.  Vince Kaminski 
 David,  During today's VaR coordination meeting  we had a discussion of issues related to mapping of the forward price curves into core locations.  Mapping is a  necessity dictated by the limitations of the computer system: we have to reduce the dimensionality of the problem to stay within the bounds of available CPU memory. Also, in some cases the quality of price discovery is poor and it's difficult to model the price curves independently: we solve the problem by mapping them into more liquid and better behaved core  locations curves.  We have agreed on the following:  1. Winston will investigate the IT side and determine to what extent we can increase the number of forward price curves that are simulated as basic (core) curves. He will investigate the impact of a larger number of the core curves on the time required to complete the VaR run.  2. The curves associated with the biggest 10-20 positions in each commodity should be modeled as core curves (i.e. no mapping into other locations). It makes sense to monitor the biggest risks separately and avoid aggregating them into  less transparent aggregates.  3. The results of an automated clustering (mapping) procedures should be systematically monitored by a human and corrected if they misrepresent the risks of the trading positions. This responsibility should be vested with one person (right now the responsibility is dispersed through the organization and this means in practice that nobody is responsible). Research can allocate one person to this task; cooperation of trading and RAC will be critical.  Vince 
 Eric,  I have forwarded your resume to a number of units of Enron. My group hires candidates with advanced degrees in science=20 and mathematics.  Vince Kaminski 
 Strickland Chris 227,Black Prince Ave, Coventry CV3 5JH UK  Phone: 61 2 9514 7754 61 2 9460 3079 (h) Phone: 44 793 927 3746 
 Amy,  Thanks. Steve  will contact you directly to give you all the details.  Vince 
 Shane,  Fine with me.  Vince 
 http://www.pur.com/index.html 
 Zimin,  I will make sure that you have the opportunity to present your contributions. It makes also sense to ask Paulo every time to say a few words.  Vince 
 Eric,  Thank you for your message. The only other message in my mailbox from you is dated 6/11/2000 and contains a reference to a resume I cannot locate. I checked the log of all the messages and could not find any other communication from you.  Please, send a message with a resume again and we shall go from there.  Vince Kaminski 
 Shirley,  Please, send our logo to Debra.  Vince 
 Zimin,  Sorry if you get this impression. The real reason is that I treat the lunch meetings as an opportunity to get updates on things that are going on at more remote locations. I interact with each of the members of your group daily and I know what's going on.  I agree with you, however, that the lunch meetings are not exclusively for my benefit,  but also for the benefit of  the other members of the group. I shall make sure that you have the opportunity to communicate  your contribution to the company.  Vince 
 Shane,  Two years is eternity at Enron.  Vince 
 OK  Vince Kaminski 
 Ehud,  Please, give me a call when you land on my regular and cell phone. I shall proceed to the restaurant (about 10 minutes from the office).  Cell: 713 410 5396  Office: 713 853 3848   Please, keep the copies of all the receipts.  Vince 
 Eloise,  I shall buy one "Medium".  Vince 
 Tanya,  Can you E-mail to me the graph showing VaR for a frozen portfolio, over one year?  Vince 
 John,  Please, give me another day to elaborate. It's quite hectic here.  Vince    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 FYI  Vince 
 Ken,  I shall be glad to join you for lunch with MEC.  Vince Kaminski 
 Bryan,  The person from Citibank:  Alla Gil, (212) 723 6275 alla.gil@ssmb.com   I am attaching the  resume of Iris Mack.     Vince 
 Avi,  These are my coordinates  Vince  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com 
 Hello,  This is regarding my mentee. I talked to him today. Giuseppe did not receive the invitation to the Thursday reception.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, transfer one of C++ licenses to me. Vince 
 A  presentation on credit risk modeling.  Vince 
 Alla,  Thanks for the presentation. I opened it without any problems.  Vince 
 Doug,  The model for the Elba Island.  Vince 
 Shane,  Thanks for your message.  As a matter of fact, I expected your resume in time for our summer internship program.  We shall be glad to invite you for an interview. How long "sabbatical" do you envisage?  Vince  P.S. Shirley,   please, call Shane to arrange an interview with HR. 
 Ehud,  We shall make  reservations for dinner at Vincent's on West Dallas (2701 West Dallas, 713 528 4313). We shall make reservations fro 7:00 p.m. You can call me on my cell phone (713 410 5396) if there is a problem.  We shall have about 25-30 people at the meeting on Thu at 11:30.  See you tomorrow.  Vince 
 An interesting piece of information from the oil markets. Iraq is trying to extract concessions from the US and threatens to shut down production as of Oct 1 (just in time for the US elections).  The source of this info is Phil Verlaeger (an oil analyst). He is very good but excessively concerned with Iraqi machinations. He is the source of news (reported by Friedman of the New York Times in his op-ed columns) about massive Iraqi trading in the oil futures markets. I personally discount this info: the volume and transparency of the oil markets  would not support this type of huge scale operations by Saddam's government. There may be some trading by Iraqi officials on the side.  Vince 
 John,  It seems to me that using a risk-free rate is not appropriate. I shall elaborate on my position and send you a longer message this afternoon (my time).  Vince     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 If u r there send me a message.  Vince 
 Trish,  I could not access his neural network site. It requires access password.  Vince 
 Teresa,  I would like to invite Iris for an interview in Houston. She works currently in London Can you call her and ask when she is planning to visit the States. We could pay the airfare from a location in the States.  I would hate to pay the 1st class ticket from London to Houston, though I would go for it, if necessary (I don't want a candidate to think that we are that cheap). Business class is a standard for business related, cross-Atlantic flights.  I would be more comfortable if you could negotiate this issue.  Thanks  Vince 
 Dale,  Thanks for the update. I fully concur with all the rankings. It seems things are going well with the Research Group in London and this is, to a very large extent, your contribution.  I think that Anjam has improved a lot. I don't think, however, that he can run the group in the future. Steve emerged as a natural leader and has overwhelming support in the organization.  Vince 
 David,  Please, call Shirley Crenshaw (my assistant), extension 5-5290 to set it up.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Marek,  Ciesze sie badzo z Twojej wizyty. Mam nadzieje, ze urlop w  Polsce bedzie udany.  Pozdrowienia  Wicek 
 Mike,  Thanks for the invitation. See you on Friday, April the 27th.  Vince 
 David,  Please, stop by to chat about it for a few minutes.  Vince 
 Dillard, Barbara Enron 150 North Michigan (and Randolph) Suite  3064 Chicago  Phone: (312) 541 1232 Pager: (800) 917 0654 
 $1456.24 $3541.60  Vince 
 Kevin,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Ehud,  We can meet for dinner on the 21st. Then you can visit with us on the 22nd in the morning and have individual meetings. At 11:30 you can meet the entire Research Group at our weekly lunch meeting. We can continue individual meetings in the afternoon.  Please, make a reservation at Hyatt Regency Downtown or Double Tree Downtown (there are several hotels with the same names).  Vince 
 Ben  Thanks for attending. I was on "vacation" last week (driving from Ca to Houston) and could not answer your first message regardoing Insead conference in time.  The objective was to find out more about the he Workshop on High-tech acquisitions and evaluate the usefulness of the program for Enron. I shall be making a recommendation to Jeff Skilling that we should work with Wharton as a partner in a number of different research projects.  I shall try to catch you next week to find out what was said about valuation of  small high-tech firms.  Vince 
 Ginger & Cheryl,  I will attend.  Vince Kaminski  P.S. Shirley, please put it on my schedule. 
 Kevin,  I have followed up on your request to identify a potential hire from Akamai (a person familiar with their technology). We can start discussions with the targets in a few days.  Please, let me know which unit in EBS is a potential hiring agent. If it's Research, who inside EBS can sponsor  this position? We have to discuss the responsibilities and job description.  Vince 
 Zimin,  Ammonia prices for Bob Lee.  Vince 
 Steve,  A meeting at 8:00 - 8:15 is fine with me.  Vince 
 Dale,  I have passed on the information you gave me but you have to realize that I acted just as a go-between. I shall be glad to remind our new business unit about your proposal. I have already asked a few times.  I shall be traveling this week, Wed - Fri. I shall be back in the office on Monday.  Vince 
 Chris,  vkaminski@aol.com   Vince 
 Phil,  I am in California later this week. Driving with my family back to Houston.  Vince 
 http://www.acmc.uq.edu.au/~gwd/EnergyExchange.html 
 Chris,  We shall try to call you around 5:00 p.m. our time on Monday. What is the best phone number we can use to reach you?  Vince 
 Bryan,  I shall  call you later today when I have a chance to read the message from Ben.  I wanted to ask you for a favor (on a very short notice). We are talking to the Wharton School about setting up a relationship with them and getting involved in one or more  research projects with them.  One of the potential  topics is emerging technologies. The Wharton offers  a symposium in Paris on June 10 on High Tech Acquisitions  and it would make a lot of sense if you (or somebody from London you could identify) could attend and help us to evaluate the usefulness of this project.  I am enclosing the message from the person in Wharton running this program.   Vince 
 http://biblioteka.sieciowa.to.jest.to/index2.htm 
 1. Cuthbert Roberts  ammonia  5-8911 2. Dale Surbey 3. Power Risk ICBI  44 20 7915 5194 4. Brad Romine 6. Dick  58808 Visual project 7. Gary's Project Oil & Gas 8. Bruce Johansen 512 451 1050  ext.  203 9. Brad Bartley 512 471 2995 UofT 10. Letter to Mike Moscoso 11.   Gene Bruce 504 369 5566 
 http://www.science-finance.fr/publications.html http://www.science-finance.fr/publications.html http://www.science-finance.fr/publications.html 
 Chris,  Thanks for the invitation. I shall be glad to meet you and your family in Sydney at your home.  I am enclosing the draft of my part of the chapter. It's more than preliminary  but I hope to improve it greatly over the weekend. I shall forward you a new version on Sunday evening my time. Grant is moving along on his part. I  hope it reduces the penalty to broken knee-caps.  I shall send you a longer message from home to give you an update on my conversations with EPRM  regarding the articles.   Vince 
 Angelika,  Thanks for the invitation. Yes, I shall be glad to attend and repeat the same presentation.  Vince 
 Christie,  Great!! You think big. It also puts a lot of pressure on the students.  Vince 
 Pam,  Another term paper:   John Ganguzza Neeraj Hingorani Grant Johnson Duane Maue Rishad Patel Eric van Stone Palo Yoshiuro   Grade:  A  Please, confirm.   Vince 
 Julie,  You have more luck than myself. I called a few times and left messages on her voice mail.  Vince 
 Would you like to attend the presentation and join me for lunch with WEFA.  Any other suggestions re attendance.  Please, let Shirley know.  Vince 
 Tom,  Stinson can give you info about West U. Shirley about catering, Wew did it twice and it's a standard routine by now.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Paulo and Zimin.  Vince 
 Tom,  We play as a group from time at the West U location.  Would you like to take lead and organize another outing. Family members are invited and we order a BBQ lunch following the game.   Vince 
 Christie,  What about the invitation to dinner for Gillis and Whitaker?  Vince 
 Hi Paula,  Thanks for the invitation. I have already accepted an invitation from my neighbors. I shall stop by to deliver the card (or maybe I should wait till it covers the next graduation).  Vince 
 Jim,  CHARM looks more like  a prototype that requires a lot of work to make it more a production tool.  We have developed a similar model (without some nice functionalities CHARM has) in about two weeks, at request of Rick Jones who joined EES from HSB. Rick worked on a similar model at his old company  and wanted to have a similar tool for his projects with Enron. I can tell you more about it when we meet (hopefully) later this week.  I would tell Willis that the model requires more work before Enron can consider it as commercial product.  Vince 
 John,  Thanks.  Vince  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 (713) 410 5396 (cell) Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com 
 Howard,  Sorry for the delay.  I shall be able to get back to you next week. A very interesting new research idea came up and we have to close a few loops internally.   Vince 
 Krishna,  Any update on payments to Stanford?  We can ask for a letter to requesting a donation. I would use it as a basis for cutting a check.   Please, talk to Hill about it.  Vince 
 Anne,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Joan,  Thanks. I would appreciate the full report.  Vince     Joan Stransky @ ENRON 04/09/2001 01:50 PM 
 Julie,  I signed the request for a check today.  Vince 
 Anne,  Vasant sent this information to Norma. I shall fwd his message to you.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Sat 10 a.m. 
 Shirley,  Please, let Rice invitees know.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Keith,  It was a great pleasure to work you with on this project. The entire Enron team was impressed by the quality of the students and commitment of the School to exploring new and creative ways of exposing students to business problems.  Vince 
 Christie  More on the Rice  CFOs conference. They want to get Andy Fastow as a speaker/participant.  Vince 
 More on the CFOs conference.  Vince 
 Christie,  This is one of the communications regarding Rice CFOs conference.  Andy requires some gentle persuasion.  Vince 
 Dave,  I bumped into Andy at a restaurant and reminded him about the conference and told him how much Rice would be delighted to have as a participant/speaker.  Please, keep trying. I think it's you against his wife.  Vince 
 Sorry, trying again. I probably got a wrong E-mail address and the original message was returned.  Vince Kaminski 
 On behalf of  Enron Corp. I would like to invite you to an ALP Project presentation by a group of students of Jesse H. Jones Graduate School of Management, Rice University.  The students will present the results of a research project regarding electronic trading platforms in the energy industry.  The presentation will be held on May 7, at 4:00 p.m. at Enron, 1400 Smith.  We would also like to invite you to dinner, following the presentation.   Vince Kaminski  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 (713) 410 5396 (cell) Fax  :      (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com 
 Vasant,  I spoke with Norma about getting a special reward for Sevil, in lieu of bonus.  Please, send to Norma the list of projects Sevil worked on.  Vince 
 John,  Thanks. I got it.  Vince 
 H,lyette,  I am working systematically through un-answered messages. Yes, I shall be delighted to meet your friend.  Vince 
 http://search.netscape.com/cgi-bin/search?cp=nsiwidsrc&search=reverse+search&x =36&y=1 
 Martin,  I don't  see any problem. The article supportsEnron's position.  Please, go ahead.  Vince 
 Michael,  Thanks. I should  be interested in the materials from the meeting.  Vince 
 shirley,  FYI  Vince 
 Christie,  FYI.  A message I received from Stanford.  Vince 
 Susan,  Thanks. It makes sense to call Christie and explain the objectives of your visit in May.  Vince 
 Mark,  This is the sound clip I mentioned.  Vince 
 Paul,  I am sending you modified bullet points. The modifications are in red. Apologies for a delay in responding to your messages.  By the way, Power2001 gets only more and more interesting every day.   Vince 
 Shi-Jie Deng Assistant Professor School of ISyE Georgia Institute of Technology  Office Phone: (404) 894-6519 E-mail:       deng@isye.gatech.edu Home page:    http://www.isye.gatech.edu/~deng 
 Marshall,  Sorry for a delay in responding to you. My HR people were asked to get in touch with you re the candidates.  Vince 
 Marcus,  I have this paper buried at home among other electricity related papers. I shall look for it this weekend.  Vince 
 Anshuman,  The recommendation has been taken care of.  Vince      Anshuman Srivastav @ ENRON_DEVELOPMENT  04/02/2001 07:59:05 PM 
 Shirley,  I shall come. I shall bring a cake. I may be late, coming around 2:00. I expect some people who will come to give me an estimate and they come when they come.   Vince 
 Susan,  Thank you for your message. I shall be glad to meet with you on May the 4th. I shall ask my assistant, Shirley Crenshaw (713) 853 5290, to call you to set up the meeting.  Also, for your information, we have recently set up a special unit to coordinate Enron's relationships with the universities. The person running this unit is Christie Patrick. Please, feel free to contact her and give my name as a reference. I shall coordinate the meeting on May  the 4th with her.  Vince   Additional information re Christie:  Phone :      (713) 853-6117  Email:         christie_patrick@enron.com 
 Vasant,  I have approved Iris' request for SPSS (reluctantly). It makes sense for her to use SPSS when she works for London (it would require more effort to move data bet the systems than the cost of SPSS).  I don't like proliferation of systems, however.  Vince 
 resend Risk Desk 
 Rakesh,  Can you ask a lawyer to  review it?  Vince 
 Alexander Eydeland    Phone: (678) 579 5129 (404) 307 7119 (cell)  Alexander.Eydeland@mirant.com 
 Alex,  This is Marek's resume. Look forward tot he dinner on the 14th of May.  Vince 
 Scott,  Thanks. My HR people should we get in touch with you. We gave them the names of candidates we are interested in and they will send the others to the IT group for consideration.  Vince 
 Cathy,  I got them.  Thanks.  Vince 
 Anita,  Mu organizer seems to be tied up (not responding). Please, see if you have access to it.  Vince 
 A quick  update on the status of Sandeep Kohli.  He is working currently in my group. He is available on a very short notice to help you with any quantitative modeling  that can be required in making decisions regarding our DPC strategy. In case you need his help, he can also rely on the support of other members of my group with skills in different areas.  Vince Kaminski 
 Mike  FYI  Vince 
 Shirley,  He will have to pay the rent.  Vince 
 Ken,  I may miss this meeting. Go ahead with the meeting anyway. I shall join you in progress. Christie is coming at 1:30 to meet the students and talk to me. I can talk to her for a few minutes and then we can meet the team around 2:00.  Vince 
 Martin,  Let me read it Friday. We run our papers by our PR department to review for any potential conflict with the company line. I shall fwd it to them.  I think you should submit it as an Enron employee with a note that it was developed when you were at UT.  Vince 
 Chris,  E hired Tony to support Global Markets but Jeff Shankman decided that, given highly specialized nature of his work it makes sense to put him in the Research Group, with a dotted line to Mike Roberts who is running our weather group.  Given that his work will directly and exclusively benefit GM, it makes sense for Research to charge his expenses to Global Markets. We can adjust allocations to reflect his contributions to different sub-units of GM.  Tony spent the last few weeks in Houston training for his position in London with Mike Roberts. We are very excited about the prospect of working with him.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please fix the time with her.  Vince 
 Vasant, We have a coppy of Adobe on the 32nd floor. Sam  Smith.  Vince 
 Pam,  Another group:  Stuart Hamel Jed Howard Brian Nelson    B+    Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, subscribe.  Vince 
 Shjirley,  Please enroll me and Lance and Martin.  Vince 
 Lance,  Any comment?  Vince 
 Jeff,  The newsletter is addressed to a wide audience in Enron, not exclusively one group. We are providing forward interest rate foreign exchange curves to multiple units of Enron to revalue our assets. Maureen and Gwen spend of lot of time answering questions regarding countries like Argentina, Korea, Brazil, etc. The newsletter can be used as a reference in answering many of those questions.  Vince 
 Kate,  I was traveling recently. I shall evaluate the resume together with my associates and will get back to you Thursday.  I shall be glad to meet you on the 13th.  Vince 
 Alex,  Is this meeting already scheduled?  Vince 
 Karen,  Yes, but I think it's confidential. Please, contact David Port about the release possibility.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Please, help me to decide whom we would like to interview and whom we can send to IT.  Vince 
 Cathy,  Thanks.  In order of priority: Fridays (20, 27),  Apr 25, 24,23.  Vince 
 Rakesh,  Can we meet with David Port on Thu  2:30 to review Raptors?  Vince 
 FYI 
 Iris,  Did you receive the documentation from  Ben?  I could not open his attachment.  Vince 
 Randall,  The person supporting EBS in the Research Group is Martin Lin. I shall ask him to give you a call and will be glad to join you at the meeting with Martin.  Vince 
  http://www.newyorkfed.org/rmaghome/staff_rp/2001/sr125.pdf 
 Cathy,  Yes, I shall be glad to use a few tickets for my group as a token of appreciation. How many can you spare?  Vince 
 Darrell,  Thanks. I am beating up on my group to accelerate preparation of documentation for the audit.  Vince 
 Pani Agato,  Wysylam kopie mojego planu podrozy (zalacznik). Prosze potwierdzic te wiadomosc i podac numer Pani telefonu. Zadzwonie do Pani z hotelu we wtorek i podam numer pokoju.  W. Kaminski 
 Kathie,  Thanks for the reminder. I have forwarded the article to my home address and I shall review it tonight.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Iris,  Please, check with Shirley. She keeps my calendar up to date.  Also, we got a 2nd desk for you with the credit group on the 23rd floor. You can divide  your time bet the 19th floor and the 23rd floor to stay in touch with the business unit. Please, check with Vasant and he will introduce you to the credit team here in Houston (Jeff Kinneman, Craig Chaney).  Also, please plan for a trip to London in 3-4 weeks.  Vince   Vince 
 Paul,  We have done a lot of work in this area. I shall call you later today (Monday my time), Tuesday morning your time with some recommendations.  Vince  P.S. Shirley, please send a Real Options binder to Paul.  Vince 
 Iris,  I wrote an endorsement for his book on real options (it was on the cover under Jeff Skilling's name). Let's invite him to the Thursday lunch.  Vince 
 John,  The phone number for Ken Lay is (713) 853-6773. My recommendation is to call Mark Palmer first and discuss the book with him. His recommendation will open the door. I shall mention this to him as well. Mark's phone number is   (713) 853-4738.  Vince 
 Ken  Thanks for baby-sitting this.  Vince 
 Dave,  Thanks for the invitation. I shall be glad to join you at the dinner and on Saturday. I shall come alone: my wife will stay with my son in California till June (my son graduates this spring from college).  I shall remind Andy Fastow about NFCF.  Vince 
 Molly,  Thanks. You are the most dependable person in Enron.  Vince 
 Vasant,  Can you, please, review this Newsletter article. I had to put something together rather quickly last night.  Vince 
 http://www.derivativesweek.com http://www.iipower.com  user id: VKAMINSKI password: ITALIA   Please note your account 00235424-0015 
 Any recommendations?  Vince 
 Vasant,  When can we call this guy?  Vince 
 Jeff,  I would like to get on your calendar (together with Jeff Shankman) for 15 - 30 minutes to discuss the results of my visit at the Wharton School with Tom Piazze. A separate message about  this visit will follow.  I would like also to talk to you  about the way we manage our relationships with different universities. Historically, we were rather passive customers of the academic institutions, trying to hire the best students and limiting our presence on the campuses mostly to the recruiting trips and campus receptions.  We should rethink the way we work  with universities. The efforts to get the best students look more and more like a hand-to-hand combat and often we are not very successful. It is critical that we increase our presence on the campuses and this can be accomplished in a number of different ways:  1. Involvement in research projects. For  example, we are currently underwriting two research projects at Stanford University, involving  Ph.D. students of Professor Nicholas Bambos (a top expert on communications networks). We shall participate in formulation of the projects' objectives and will be given access to the results. Involvement in research projects allows us to obtain access to current scientific developments in the leading universities and also to lock-up some very promising students. Most companies in the high tech industries have such programs.  2. Lectures and presentations by Enron employees. Practically every presentation I have made so far at different universities resulted in a number of resumes and hiring decisions. It is important that students get exposed to Enron early in their academic program. In many cases, the best students have already made up their mind by the time we approach them during their senior years.  3. Visits by faculty members in Enron.  Closer cooperation with the universities has many advantages in addition to getting the best students and obtaining access to current research. The universities are very important in shaping public  opinion on the issues critical to Enron's future (especially in the area of deregulation and design of new markets).  Currently, the relationships with many leading academic centers depend on personal commitment of a number of overworked Enron employees. In many cases, there is no continuity and focus.  I want to recommend a creation of a special function (VP or MD level) responsible for coordinating our relationships with the universities. This function would be separate from our Analyst/Associate program. I have many ideas how this function could be structured.  Vince 
 Dear Mr. Fujita,  Thank you very much for  the pictures.  I have talked to RISK and they will be contacting you shortly.  Vince Kaminski 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI  Vine 
 Julia,  The lawyers at UT at Austin have some questions regarding your corrections to the non-disclosure agreement.  Specifically, they want to discus the arbitration provision. The name of the lawyer at UT is Gene Bartley, 512 471 2995.  Vince 
 Vasant  Any interest?  Vince 
 Tanya, Grant,  It will  be 5:00 p.m. instead of 4:00.  Vince 
 John,  5 works.  Vince 
 Jana,  Saturday looks good. I shall be involved in job interviews at Enron all Saturday and should be done by 5 p.m.  We can go the Angelica Movie Center. I shall check the program tonight and call you tomorrow to review the options.  Vince 
 Tanya, Grant,  Can you join?  Vince 
 Anjam,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Datren  I shall forward her resume to the principal of my son's old high school and give it to my neighbor who is a teacher at CISD.  Vince 
 Beth,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Grant,  Did you meet him? What about John Hopley's group?  Vince 
 Oliver,  I will attend.  Vince 
 Beth,  I could not open the document.  Vince 
 Michael,  It's a cottage industry and nobody can read all that's published.  The Journal of Derivatives and the Journal of Finance are two primary publications I would recommend.  Vince 
 Zimin,  I have a copy of the article. I agree with you. The model is essentially the same (in intentions).  I shall distributed the copy of the paper to the trades here. It explains well the logic behind the model and it's an independent source.   Vince 
 Phelim,  Thanks again for the invitation to speak at the conference. The  program was very interesting and I learned a lot.  I hope you can visit us in Houston sometimes in the next few months.  Vince 
 Dear Mr. Enthofer,  I regret to decline your kind invitation to speak at the Alpbacher Finanzsymposium. I have another engagement in the beginning of October in Paris.  Vince Kaminski 
 YI  Vince 
 Jim,  I shall contact Althea and make sure Rusty meets with the Research Group members.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Phelim,  FYI  Vince 
 Ehud,  June 22 works for me. Do you want to firm it up?   Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Soma,  Yes, no problem.  Vince 
 Phelim,  I shall be glad to join you for dinner on Sunday. I shall be also available for the panel discussion.  I would like to thank you one more time for the invitation to speak at the conference.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, send him a copy of the book and reprints.  Vince 
 Dan,  I am forwarding you the summary of the information for EOL that we can provide. I shall talk to RISK magazine to settle the copyright issues.   Vince 
 Shirley,  Yes. I do. I shall give it to you tomorrow.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, can you coordinate this?  Vince 
 Lucie,  Yes, I have received the package.  Vince 
 Iris,  We can invite you for an interview to Houston.  What would be a  the time  for you?  Vince 
 R 203857  I  234938 
 Rakesh,  To confirm our conversation:  Please, go ahead and buy a copy.  Vince 
 Tanya,  Please, ask him to make the arrangements.  Vince 
 Elizabeth,  Sorry to see you go. It was a pleasure working with you.  Vince 
 Elizabeth,  I want to discuss the issue of the compensation of Norberto with my boss.   Vince 
 Kevin,  For your information.  Vince 
 Jim,  Can we meet on Friday to discuss this topic. The person who supports power, Grant Masson, will be out for the next two days.   Vince 
 Any interest?   Vince 
 Julian Rose 15 Greenwich Hills Drive Greenwich, CT 06831   Phone:  (203) 531 0691 (h) (203) 829 9300 Debbie Parker (203) 625 7970 
 Ross,  I shall call Risk on Thursday.  Vince  Shirley, please, remind me about it. 
 Dave,  I will be glad to participate.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Marek,  Vince will be available at home on Tuesday and Friday this week, bet 1:00 p.m. and 5 p.m. California time (3 hrs difference to NYC).  His phone number is 650 497 6938.  Wicek 
 Steve,  The Journal of Risk is a more technical and serious publication than RISK MAgazine.  If the article is published it will give you more exposure in the academic circles.  I think it will be a significant accomplishment.  On the downside, it does not receive the same wide circulation as RISK among the practitioners.  I can also see the reason behind the recommendation given by Navroz: the article is fairly long for RISK. 
 Mark Kierlanczyk DKB House 24 William Street London EC4R 9DB  Phone: 212 943 5300 (o) Phone: 914 337 8167 (h) mkierlanczyk@fmginy.com mkierlanczyk@hotmail.com 
 Farhad,  Thanks a lot.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Jana,  Thanks for your message. I have recovered from my trip over the weekend. I was waiting for my flight till early morning hours on Saturday. I wasn't dressed for a chilly night at  La Guardia and came back with a slight cold.  Houston Intercontinental got a lot of rain as well. The place was full of stranded passengers sleeping on the floors. The roof was leaking at a few places and there were pools of water everywhere.  Sat, June the 3rd will work for me. Hope to see you then.  Vince 
 Tanya,  Another thought.  Should Vincent go as well?  Vince 
 Ravi,  Please, take a look at the book review.  Vince 
 Krishna,  I shall order reprints.  Vince  Shirley,  Can you, please, order reprints?  Vince 
 Ehud,  Thanks fro your message. What about June 22?  I have several trips in between May 25 and June 22.  Vince 
 Julia,  I am sending you a copy of the nondisclosure agreement I received from a professor at UT Austin. Three UT academics developed a model that may be useful in our pricing applications. They envisage the possibility of either selling this model to Enron or of joint research effort in this area.  Can you, please, take a look at the attached legal document.  Vince 
 Emma,  Thanks and the best of luck in your new job.  Vince 
 Mark,  Thanks for the info. I shall check it out.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI  You can send me short E-mail messages when I travel to an alternative E-mail address: vkaminski@palm.net.   Vince 
 Grag,  I think it makes sense to visit with SKG and obtain more information. I assume they are located in or near Boston. I shall be in Boston in mid June and can meet them.  Vince 
  Enron North America Corp. 
 John,  Bill Bradford is on vacation. I passed your question regarding EXMAR credit rating to Debbie Brackett.  Vince 
 Reviewed by Mark Williams, SVP Risk Management, Citizens Power  The long awaited second edition of Managing Energy Price Risk has finally arrived. It has been four years since the first edition was published. During this hiatus, a lot has happened as risk management within the rapidly expanding energy industry has come of age as a respected discipline. The second edition is a rich compilation of papers by a surprisingly representative group of industry leaders, practitioners and academics.  The books strength is that it reinforces the fact that risk management principles initially applied to a narrow band of energy commodities can and should be applied across a wide array of energy commodities including electricity. As expected the book does a solid job in capturing an international perspective on the various challenges, which are not isolated to any one continent but are global in scope. It includes a lengthy introduction that effectively frames risk management progress, advancements and innovations that started in the oil markets in the 1970's and migrated to the natural gas and most recently expanding to the electricity industry.  Managing Energy Price Risk is comprised of 15 chapters, all of which include an introduction, which minimises the disjointedness that you may expect from a book written by a large number of authors. Other improvements in this second edition include expanded graphics, highlighted panels, detailed appendices and a separate glossary, which provides the reader with additional reference material.  In particular the chapter on energy options written by Michael Hampton is a useful primer and provides the reader with a concise explanation of option theory, pricing, basis risk, delta hedging as well as practical guidelines for distinguishing between hedging and pure speculation. For the more advanced reader, the chapter on Energy Exotic Options, written by Vince Kaminski, Stinson Gibner and Krishnarao Pinnamaneni is particularly strong as it outlines the challenges associated with the exotics and effectively documents the latest methods used by leading practitioners in pricing such instruments.  Additionally, the chapter on Accounting for Derivative Contracts in the Energy Environment by three consultants from Arthur Anderson, is a well written summary which addresses the numerous tax related issues including a timely discussion on the US Financial Accounting Standards Board's Statement 133 (see EPRM October 1999, page 22). Having this tax information housed in one concise chapter is of great value.  The second edition however is not without flaws. In particular, it would have been useful to have more information on the current challenges risk managers are confronted with in the power industry including latest advancements in volatility and correlation estimation techniques. Additional attention could have also been placed on the shortcomings of the current market structure and methods in finding and applying appropriate hedging strategies and instruments. In the fledgling power market, this continues to be one of the primary challenges.  In summary, this second edition of Managing Energy Price Risk builds upon the sentinel work laid out in the prior edition and is a valuable reference book for the new recruit or seasoned veteran. It is a welcome edition to any risk management library. 
 Shirley,  FYI  Vince 
 Teresa,  Thanks.  Vince    Teresa Bien @ ENRON   05/16/2000 11:56 AM 
 John,  Yes. I have additional info about this transaction.  Vince 
 Greg,  E-commerce related proposal from Dale Nesbitt.  Vince 
 Michael,  The science of measuring operational risk is in its early stages of development. There are really no cook-book  solutions. One has to use creativity and a lot of common sense.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Martha,  Thanks. In case you missed an FT article, please take a look at the attachment.  Vince 
 Teresa,  It's OK to hire S. Tamarchenko as a summer temporary employee. We need all the help we can get this summer.  I assume it will be 40 hrs a week, as long as ut conforms with all the external and internal regulations.  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 John,  Sorry for the confusion. This is a second  tanker on which very few details are available . The LNG group is working as we speak to provide some information for Joe Sutton before his departure for Paris this (Tuesday) afternoon. There is no DASH on this 2nd tanker yet. I asked Dave Gorte on Monday to send me one and was not told that he can provide me with the Mystic Lady DASH as  the closest substitute.  Vince 
 Lauren,  1:00 p.m. is fine. 713 853 3848  Vince 
 Jinbaek,  This is a project related to automated trading platforms for commodities.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, register me for this.  Vince 
 David,  Thanks. I cc you on my message to John Sherriff. Please, let me know what you think about my comments.  Vince 
 John,  This is the update on what I have done for the LNG transactions.  1. I was not involved in the LNG ship project. I shall  read the DASH and give you my comments. Without looking at the details, I think that the decision to charter a tanker removes one significant risk we have at the Elba Island project (please, see point 2).  2. Elba Island. I am working with Doug Rotenberbg, Brad Hitch, Scott Earnest (Sally Beck's organization) and RAC to set up the book for the Elba Island transaction. The next step will be to expand the book to capture all the Enron's LNG-related  positions in one place and to look for natural risk offsets and possible hedges. A working group is meeting to close a few remaining gaps  tomorrow (Tuesday) at 8:30.  A few comments on the book design and my view of the project:  a. The current thinking is that LNG will be sourced for the Elba Island facility by buying marginal cargos on the fob basis. Marginal cargos will represent supply from excess capacity that has not been committed under long-term contracts or became available due to some short-term frictions.  The fob cargos are typically selling at a significant discount to the long-term contract prices. The economics of the deal, as represented by the book we are setting up, will reflect the assumption that not only we can locate marginal cargos but that we shall be able to do it on a regular basis, arranging shipping and coordinating the facility schedule and natural gas transactions in the US. In other words, we have a significant logistical and operational risk in this transaction.  b. The transaction will cover the period of 17 years (with an extension option of 5 years). Even if we can lock-in the LNG volumes over this time period, we have no ability to lock-in the other side of the spread (US gas prices) for such a long tenor. This is essentially a tolling transaction with exposure to the LNG - nat gas spread and I would not recommend locking-in only one leg of the spread.  One solution would be to  cover, let's say, 50% of he LNG volumes for the first 5 years and lock-in the nat gas side on the US market side.  c. The book we are setting up will be based on many managerial assumptions regarding sources of LNG, shipping rates, schedules, etc. I would set up a big prudence reserve in case we mark it to market.  d. My group will work on valuation of some options we have in the Elba Island deal (that are good for Enron) and on the hedging strategy for the LNG positions. Long-term LNG contracts are typically based on the Japanese Crude Cocktail that correlates very well with Brent.   Vince 
 Celeste,  I am forwarding you a letter from Prof. Duane Seppi from Carnegie Mellon University. I have known Duane for many years and I know that he does not make his recommendations without very good reasons.  I would recommend looking at John Gordon as a very strong candidate: I think he will make a terrific contribution to Enron.   Vince 
 piazzet@wharton.upenn.edu 
 Shirley,  Please keep it on your radar screen.  Vince 
 Betty,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Greg,  As you may know, Brad Romine's dot.com venture fell apart.  The offer from Enron looks much better now. I have arranged for him a number of different interviews (including one with you). I think we should not be too punitive and give him the 2nd chance. I am also setting up for him interviews with RAC and EBS  and he should be able to negotiate a good first rotation.  Please, give me a call if you have any other question.  Vince Kaminski 
 Sue,  I shall be available.  Vince 
 Nick,  The airport is about 30 minutes  by cab from the office (1400 Smith). The best hotel is either Hyatt Regency Downtown or Doubletree Downtown (it is important to emphasize Downtown when making reservations). The hotels are within a walking distance from  the Enron building.  We can make reservations  for dinner around 6:30 - 7:00 in a resturant  within 10 minutes by car from the hotel.  By the way, we shall be very glad to reimburse you for the trip related expenses.  Vince 
 Kevin,  OK.  Vince 
 Steve,  The slides are OK. How are the negotiations with RISK proceeding? They had recently many changes (firing people).  Vince 
 Hi Jana,  Let's make it dependent on the movie theater and choose a restaurant nearby. My treat.   Vince 
 Hi Jana,  Saturday, May the 20th looks good. I shall be in NYC May the17th through 19th (flying back on Friday). There are several good movies I would like to see. We can connect later next week to select one.  Take care,  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Stinson,  Let's bring up these two ideas at the meeting with John Bloomer (to discuss the other product ideas).  Vince 
 http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/cyberspace/jan-june00/silicon_valley_5-10.htm 
 Molly,  I am enclosing my recommendation letter for Yvan Chaxel.  Vince 
 Dale, Richard,  I am ready to cover the cost of Steve's trip to Houston (one month in the summer). I think very highly of Steve and think about coaching him a bit to expand his horizons. I see him as a very valuable asset of Enron and a great leader in not too distant future. He needs exposure to more diverse business problems and areas of research. I think it will be in the best interest of the company to devote some resources to foster his development.    Vince 
 Shirley,  How are we doing on bringibg these people to Houston for an interview?  Vince 
 Steve,  I can pick up the cost of your trip from the Research Group budget.  The more I think about  it, the more I am convinced it would be difficult to justify 2 trips per person. I think that we should go for one contiguous stay per person and make a good effort to make these trips productive.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Sanjeev  will come for an informal interview on Friday. He will talk for 10-15 minutes to the following people:  1. Stinson 2. Grant 3. Krishna 4. Tanya 5. Zimin 6. Paulo 7. Vasant 8. Amitava  I shall talk to him for 5 minutes  Vince 
 Stinson,  No problem.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Nick,  Thanks for your message. The best date for a visit to Enron would be Friday, May the 26th. Please, let me know if this date would work for you.  Vince 
 Paula,  Does not wok for me.  Vince 
 Jana,  Hope to see you at the Houstonian tomorrow.  I should be free for the next two weekends Enron permitting). My family will be back in Houston around mid-June. There will be several concerts at the Pavilion this summer; I have already received the schedule.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Austin. Please, set up an interview with me, Stinson, Zimin, Vasant, Grant, Paulo, Krishna. Sometimes next week.  Let's make it a formal interview (coordinated through Elizabeth Grant).   Vince 
 Elizabeth,  Yes, she referred Norberto to us. We had an informal interview with him.  We would like to  invite him for a round of formal interviews later this week. Please include me, Tanya Tamarchenko, Ted Murphy, Krishnarao Pinnamaneni, Grant Masson.  I asked Liza to talk to you to set up formal arrangements with Enron HR (a contract, fee schedule approval, etc.).  I shall ask you for help next week when we have more information: several members of our group  from London will rotate through our Houston office this summer. We shall need help in making living  arrangements, including apartments, car, etc. Also, we have an employee from India rotating through our group this summer. Please, let me know who is the best person in HR to ask for assistance.   Vince 
 Julie,  No objections. Please, include our names.  Vince 
 vkaminski@aol.com 
  http://www.google.com/search?q=cache:www.essential.org/monitor/hyper/mm0997.04 .h tml+GE+%2B+Enron+%2B+collusion&hl=en 
 Sam,  Nice card.  Thanks.  Vince 
 Ehud,  I shall contact both Helyette and Alex and make the arrangements.  Cheers.  Vince 
 Hi Glen,  Congratulations on your greatly enhanced homepage. As expected some links have become obsolete since March. The landscape in this business is changing very fast.  Vince 
 Approved.  Vince Kaminski 
 Ehud,  Sorry I shall miss you on Thursday.  I shall definitely attend you presentation at Power 2000.  I shall ask about a guest accounton EOL. Typically, such an account allows an outside user to take a look at the system, but I don't think the traders will allow systematic access to the price data over a long period of time by a third party.  Vince 
 Joe Pokalsky Cason 3015 Houston, TX 77056   Phone: (770) 393 7411 (o) 
 http://www.pmaconference.com/ 
 Anjam,  It makes sense to come to Houston for a longer time period. I think that you should spend here at least 3 weeks.  Vince 
 Maureen,  This is to remind you that we scheduled, at your request, regular weekly meetings. We are supposed to meet every Friday at 8:00 a.m.  If I am not at the office, the meeting will be rescheduled.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Steve,  The schedule is fine with me. One consideration is that in 2 cases it would require two, as opposed to one, round trips. Please, talk to  Dale about it and make sure that it is fine with Richard and the RAC  group (they will have to pay for it).   Vince 
 Jim,  I am scheduled to arrive in Austin on May 4 at 10:32 a.m. I shall be glad to join you and a group of your colleagues for lunch. I am flying back to  Houston Friday morning and we can meet for dinner after the class.  I shall have a Power Point presentation on my PC. I can also prepare a set of transparencies if this is more convenient for you.  Vince 
 Approved  Vince Kaminski 
 Shirley,  Please, send him a copy of the paper on weather derivatives.   Vince 
 Ted,  Can we hire this guy for our audit projects?   Vince 
 Steve,  Two internal presentations that use a few slides from Blake's presentation.  He developed it under a contract with Enron, but we don't want to use it verbatim.  Vince 
 Hello,  This is the presentations I have promised. Please, send me your fax  #  for more info.  Vince Kaminski 
 David,  Thanks for your message. You can buy extra 5K of Ginnie Mae  Vince 
 http://messages.yahoo.com/bbs?action=m&board=7081781&tid=ene&sid=7081781&mid=3 878 
 Mark,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Mark,  Too late. I have already got him for mine.  Vince 
 Hello,  My home E-mail address is vkaminski@aol.com   Vince Kaminski 
 Mark,  Thanks a lot.  Vince 
 Becky,  Please, take a look at the Allocations sheet.  Vince 
 Gordon,  It was a  pleasure talking to you. I shall ask my assistant to send you the reprint.  Vince Kaminski  Shirley, Can you, please, send a copy of the paper on credit risk management (reprint from the  RISK book). 
 Cathy,  I shall appreciate 4 tickets, any day. I shall use them internally as a token of appreciation for the members of my group.  Vince 
 Shirley,  My Power Point presentations for Peoples' presentation,  I need color transparencies. I don't know how many B&W copies we need. You can ask  Lynn Pitofsky about the number of participants.  Vince 
 Vasant,  My preference is C, because of its portability. The hardware and operating systems change so fast that we have to use the most flexible development environment.   Vince 
 Grant,  It  typically  costs too much time to manage one of these special situations. We have no time unless he brings something special to the table.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI   Vince 
 Shirley,  The candidate for Friday. I have already talked to him.  Vince 
 We can hire the person as a summer intern directly (outside the A&A pool).  Shirley, please arrange a phone interview as in the case of other candidates Osman found.  Vince 
 Steve,  I shall E-mail you my standard real option spin presentation + plus a presentation on Enron (for analysts). You can use a few slides to  introduce the company.  I would prefer not to disseminate the information about the  use of AMC. The industry does not know about it yet and I consider it a very  powerful tool (given its flexibility).  I have the files on my laptop. I shall bring it to work to morrow and send it to you.  Please, remind me about it on Thursday (old age and the hectic pace here start showing up).  Vince 
 Larrissa,  I spoke with Joe Pokalsky. He will be glad to help you. Please, call him at the number 770  393 7411.  Vince 
 Darrell,  I am sending you 2 technical notes on Enron default swaps: I hope that they will be useful. I shall read the articles on weekend. I am curious if you find these explanations satisfactory.  We are very slow in preparing a number of technical documents for you for model reviews. We still hope you will be able to find some time to review our credit models (for our London credit trading) and  VaR and option pricing related models.  Also, please check your invoices. I still think we owe you money.   Vince 
 Hello,  Please, give me a call. Vince Kaminski, 713 853 3848.  Vince 
 Norberto,  I would like to invite you  for a preliminary interview 
 I shall invite him for Friday for a preliminary interview.  Vince 
 Anjam,  Sorry, I am busy on Thursday. I shall ask Shirley to contact you. Friday 9:30 to 10:30 my time would work.  Vince  Vince 
 Soussan,  It looks fine. Look forward to meeting you again in Houston or New York.  Vince 
 Suresh,  It did not work.  Vince 
 Steve,  RISK will give you more exposure in the peer group faster. Shan left (I think they are firing people at RISK - a normal development for a successful company that got ahead of itself).  If RISK does not work, I shall talk to Phelim about speeding the publicatio= n.  Vince 
 Steve,  How are the discussions with RISK about an article progressing?  Vince 
 Pam,  Another team:  Elena Chilkina Robert J. Guadette Joseph Helms Kenneth Jett Todd Litton MarK Westmoreland   Grade:  A-   Vince Kaminski 
 Darrell,  I shall send youan explanation later today or Monday.   Vince 
 1.  COMMENT & ANALYSIS: Stretching the figures: Calculating accurate values for companies in the new economy takes more than a grasp of mathematics - a dash of economics, politics and logic would not go amiss, says John Kay:     COMMENT & ANALYSIS: Stretching the figures: Calculating accurate values for companies in the new economy takes more than a grasp of mathematics - a dash of economics, politics and logic would not go amiss, says John Kay: 87% match; Financial Times ; 24-Apr-2000 12:00:00 am ; 1170 words  Do the math. The slogan favoured by Jim Clark, creator of Silicon Graphics, Net-scape and Healtheon, has become the mantra of a generation of consultants and investment bankers. The new economy, they claim, requires new principles of valuation.  C.com is one of the most exciting prospects in business-to-business commerce. It is the world leader in a growing market - annual sales by 2010 are likely to be Dollars 500,000bn. If C.com can maintain a 5 per cent share and earn only 1 per cent net margin its prospective annual earnings will be Dollars 250bn.  If we assume that market growth after 2010 is 5 per cent and discount future revenues at 10 per cent, the prospective value of C.com is Dollars 5,000bn - about 10 times the recent market capitalisation of Microsoft, Cisco or General Electric.  You don't have to wait for the IPO. You can buy shares in C.com right now for less than 5 per cent of that value. C.com is called Citigroup and in addition to its foreign exchange trading, which is the business I have described, you get its other wholesale, retail and investment banking activities and a leading insurance company thrown in.  Of course, nobody would be so stupid as to value Citigroup in this way. Yet I have followed more or less exactly the methodology recommended in the latest McKinsey quarterly for the valuation of new era companies. They use precisely analogous calculations to arrive at a valuation of Dollars 37bn for Amazon.com.  Paul Gibbs, head of merger and acquisition research at J.P. Morgan, recently used similar principles to confirm that assessment of Amazon. He then performed the same calculation for internet service provider Freeserve.  Assume that UK retail sales grow at 5 per cent a year, that 25 per cent of sales take place on the net, that portals capture 50 per cent of these, that Freeserve gets 30 per cent of the portal share and maintains an 8 per cent commission on sales. Multiply these together and you establish that in 2017 Freeserve will make profits of o2bn (Dollars 3.2bn). This, he argues, justifies a value today of o6.50 per share.  But I prefer T.com to Freeserve. T.com has a customer base four times larger than Freeserve. Its franchise is stronger. Its customers are concentrated in the affluent south-east of England, where it faces virtually no competition. Market research shows that more than 95 per cent of its customers use its essential services every day, many of them several times a day.  T.com also has ambitious plans for expansion. At present, its geographical coverage is less than one-quarter of the market in England and Wales. T.com has an interest in south-east Asia. The population of China is 100 times the number of people who today can access T.com services. Even after the recent market correction, T.com, better known as Thames Water, still has a market valuation below that of Freeserve. At the widest point between the old and new economies, Freeserve was worth four times as much.  The reason the Citibank calculation is nonsense is simple, but fundamental. The margins Citibank makes on its forex business vary widely. If you buy small quantities of notes from a bank, the spread is much wider than 1 per cent. If you are a large corporation trading major currencies, the margin is wafer thin. Entry and competition force prices down to the related costs.  In Mr Gibbs's model, Freeserve earns profits of o2bn, about equal to the current profits of Tesco, J. Sainsbury and Marks and Spencer together. And it earns these on revenues of only o2.5bn, so that profits are 80 per cent of the value of its sales. No established business earns margins of that size.  Thames Water is one of a tiny number of companies whose market position is so strong, whose output is so necessary to life, that if it charged five times the current price we would have little choice but to pay. We do have one option - to insist the government intervenes. It confines Thames Water to a return on its capital employed of about 6 per cent.  The idea that profit is a return on capital invested still has some role in new economy valuation, at the level of the overall market.  There is a key formula in the new math. The required yield on a security is equal to the difference between the rate of return demanded from that class of securities and its expected rate of growth. So, if you expect a return of 5.5 per cent from a share whose dividends will grow at 5 per cent, calculations show that the dividend yield should be 0.5 per cent.  This is the calculation done by James Glassman and Kevin Hassett in their book Dow 36,000*. Claiming that sustainable dividends average half of earnings, this yield equates to a price/earnings ratio of 100 - implying a target of 36,000 for the US index.  The trouble with this theory is that it takes too long to produce what the investor is looking for. Investors will receive only two-fifths of the cash sustaining the valuation this century. One-third of the total depends on dividend cheques that will arrive after 2200.  Two hundred years ago, well before the Dow Jones average, prudent, diversified investors would have owned slave traders and sugar plantations, or perhaps a bold speculation in that symbol of the then new economy -a canal. The next 200 years may be more stable than the last and Microsoft and Cisco may prove more enduring than plantations. But we can hardly be sure.  While 5 per cent may be a reasonable assumption for the growth rate of dividends in the US economy as a whole, it is likely that well before 2200 most of these will come from companies not yet founded.  Suppose we accept Glassman and Hassett's protests that their dividend growth expectations are conservative. If you raise them only from 5 per cent to 5.25 per cent, the anticipated value of the Dow Jones average is 72,000. At 5.5 per cent the formula breaks down because the shares of US companies are infinitely valuable. Not even the most credulous dotcom investor believes that.  The math also works in reverse. If expectations of return are 6 per cent rather than 5.5 per cent, the market p/e ratio falls to 50 and the value of the Dow Jones from 36,000 to 18,000. And if equity investors require a return of 8 per cent, you would have to conclude that shares are worth only half their current level.  An 8 per cent expected total return is not ambitious for an equity investor. A day trader might think you were talking about a weekly profit rather than annual. Glassman and Hassett use a figure as low as 5.5 per cent - the return on Treasury bonds - because they argue that equities have so consistently outperformed bonds that there is now no risk associated with equity investment. In other words, because equities are sure to offer higher returns than bonds, the expected yield on equities should be the same as on bonds.  You do not have to be Wittgenstein to spot the flaw. The rules of logic hold even in cyberspace, and so do the principles of economics. Profits are hard to earn in competitive businesses, and markets that are not competitive are usually regulated. The value of companies ultimately depends on their capacity to generate cash for shareholders. Distant returns are uncertain. Share prices are volatile, and investors need to be compensated for the risks. These truths are as valid in the new economy as the old.  By all means do the math. Isaac Newton, who could do the math better than most, gave up an annuity of o650 per year to invest in the South Sea Bubble. In addition to the math, you need the econ, the pol, and perhaps the psychology.  * Dow 36,000: The New Strategy for Profiting from the Coming Rise in the Stock Market, James K. Glassman & Kevin A. Hassett, Random House, 1999.  The author a director of London Economics.  Copyright , The Financial Times Limited 
 Vasant,  I concur.  Vince 
 Rick,  Aram is coming to Houston, in my view, to explore the possibility of coming back to Enron (given uncertain situation under the Scottish rule at the old Pacificorp).  I shall suggest that he meet  with you and/or Ted Murphy as well.  I can wait for Karen to come back. It's not urgent. We are still working on the volumetric  risk module and the team is making a very good progress. They gave a  presentation today to Rick Carson and me.  We have to decide what comes next  (Asset/Liability Model or Operational Risk Model).   Vince 
 Shirley, Please, put on my schedule.  Vince 
 Van,  I have contacted Mike Roberts. He may have a need for help during the  summer.  Vince 
 Mike,  Any interest? Maybe we can hire this guy through ProStaff?  Vince 
 James,  I hall appreciate a copy of  "A Brief History of the Future."  Vince Kaminski Enron 
 Stinson,  Do we want to revisit?  Vince 
 Sam,  This is the final version of the presentation.  Vince 
 Tony,  No problem.  Vince 
 Grant,  Let's invite him for a preliminary interview.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Van,  Thanks for your message. We are taking a  number of interns this summer,  but the A&A program has closed the books for this year. We were able to reopen the list to add one candidate a few weeks ago, but cannot do it again. We promised it would be the last addition.  Vince 
 Sam,  My column  Vince 
 lsharma@sprynet.com 
 Bernard,  My coordinates:  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 (713) 410 5396 (cell) Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com  Yes, we are going into a very interesting summer both here and in the UK.   Vince 
 Vasant  You have missed Joe in yuour prsentation.  Vince 
 Nurit,  We are interviewing a number of candidates and will be able to make a decision in the beginning of May.  Vince Kaminski 
 Shirley,  Please, register me.  Vince 
 Steve,  FYI  Vince 
 Jesus,  I yalked to Aram. I have him on my calendar from 8:30 till 10:00 on Friday. A dinner / lunch on Fri would work for me.  Vince 
 Tony,  6:30 on Saturday  is fine.  Vince 
 Steve,  Are you interested in speaking at this conference?  Vince 
 Eufard,  The person who can help  you with statistical analysis is Alex Kollaros, 3-9806.  Vince 
 Richard,  I  would like to inform you that we decided against participation in your project. Thanks for your interest in having  Enron involved in the study.  Vince Kaminski 
 EPRM DEC JAN 
 Mike,  Here it is  Vince 
 Keith will come here on Friday, 1:00 p.m. for an informal interview.  Any interest?  Vince 
 Tony,  Thanks. What time would be convenient for you on April the 22nd?  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Expense check  $3592.76 
 Steve,  Krishna wrote a number of matrix manipulation routines.  Vince 
 Bill,  May I catch a ride with you to the restaurant?  Vince 
 Mark,  Did you have a chance to review the E&P company model (the old cash flow mode) and determine if it can be used by Fred Lagrasta' group.  Please, let me know.  Vince 
 Jesus,  Friday, April 28, works for me. I am free between 8:00 - 10:30 to meet with Aram. Would you like to meet him for lunch or dinner?  Vince 
 Any interest?  Vince 
 Krishna,  Any interest?  Vince 
 Jana,  It was a pleasure meeting  you and John last Saturday. Let's meet again soon. Maybe this film about the suburbs when it arrives in Houston.  Vince 
 Margaret,  Thanks  Vince 
 Krishna,   We  shall have meeting with Kim Watson on Thu at 10:00, 49 C2. It will be followed by a Video Conference with Nebraska at  11:30.  Vince 
 678   579   5129 
 Rakesh,  Thanks. I took a quick look at the spreadsheet and I agree with your approach.  I shall spend more time looking at it over the weekend and if I see a problem I shall call you on Monday.  Vince 
 Margaret,  I don't have it. Maybe we can get a copy directly from  the CBOT. Info  Central could help.  Vince 
 1. M. Soto 
 Maureen,  Your presentation:  Vince 
 Kathy,  Thanks for your message. We are  very interested in talking to Keith. Please, give him my phone number/E-mail address and he can contact me directly.  Vince 
 Shirley,  We plan to use it only for 30 minutes bet 11:00 and 11:30.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Nick,  We may have problems getting the VC location in Houston on  short notice. We are currently on stand-by. We shall default, if we have no other choice, to a phone interview.   Vince     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Steve,  I shall talk to Anjam about it. Our impression here in Houston is that Thomas is quite qualified and we are very interested in him. A few days will not make much difference in the hiring process.  Vince 
 http://www.cob.ohio-state.edu/fin/journal/jofsites.htm 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Pavel,  A follow-up on our discussion concerning the wisdom of IMF recommendations for Russia.  Vince 
 Ludmila Kaminski Escondido Village, 32B Stanford University, CA 94305 
 Jarek,  Bardzo ciekawe.   Wicek    Jarek Astramowicz   04/17/2000 10:09 AM 
 http://www.cera.com/client/nap/media.cfm 
 Vasant, Tanya  Any interest?   Vince 
 Shannon,  Thanks for the message. See you soon in Houston. Your message serves as a useful reminder. I have to start work on my presentation.  Vince 
 Frank,  We shall be glad to meet you in Houston. I am sure that we can find many=20 interesting topics to discuss  We can pay for your trip to Houston. I shall call you next week to discuss= =20 the details.  Vince 
 Sam,  I shall have it on Monday morning.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Scott,  I spoke briefly with Edith Terry from our DC office. There is not a good fit for my group but she could be a great asset for you.  I have her resume in case you are hiring and  would like to take a look at her.  Vince 
 Paula,  Works for me. Maybe we should go out and explore some other options in the Montrose/Heights area.  Vince 
 Harry,  In case you are looking for a secretary, here is one candidate.  Vince 
 Mark,  Thanks.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Vicky,  My affiliation is Enron Corp. My assistant, Shirley Crenshaw, will send you an updated version of my bio. Here are the bullet points:   PRACTICAL TECHNIQUES TO PRICE EXOTIC ENERGY  OPTIONS  Definition of an exotic option - pay-off profile - price process assumptions - different sources of risk  Different types of exotic options used in the energy industry - Asian options - spread options - basket options - swing options  Evaluating methodologies for pricing  exotics ???  - assessing the pros and cons  of different techniques - approximations of closed-form formulas - Monte Carlo techniques - trees - numerical solutions of PDEs ???  - applying multi-factor models  to price exotic energy derivatives ???  - building trees for pricing  and hedging exotics  Practical examples ? ANALYSING APPROACHES TO WEATHER DERIVATIVES  VALUATION ? Definition of a weather derivative  Why does energy industry need weather derivatives? - hedging volume/price  risk as opposed to hedging exclusively price risk - the energy industry's exposure to weather: numerical estimates  Different types of weather derivatives used in the energy industry ???  - heating and cooling degree day  swaps and options ???  - precipitation contracts - hurricane contracts - financial options contingent on weather - digital options  Valuation controversy: actuarial valuation vs. valuation based on the Black-Scholes paradigm  Use of Monte Carlo techniques in valuation of weather derivatives  Valuing long term transactions  Practical example   Please, feel free to edit my bullet points to improve my English.  It was a  pleasure working with you and I hope our roads will cross at some point. The best of luck to you.  Vince 
 http://news.bbc.co.uk/hi/english/world/letter_from_america/newsid_216000/21699 4.stm 
 Shirely,  Please, send the bio.  Vince 
 http://news.bbc.co.uk/hi/english/world/letter_from_america/newsid_708000/70817 3.stm 
 http://www.samuelbrittan.co.uk/text20_p.html 
 Jana,  We should have tomorrow the movie schedule for the weekend. Saturday around 5:00 p.m. would work for me.  Vince 
 Britta,  Thanks for your message. I have several commitments at the time of the conference=20 and have to decline with regret.  Vince 
 Joe,  Let's talk about it.  Vince 
 Dave,  Thanks for the message. I don't think we need more time.  Vince 
 Joe,  This is a message from the Japanese guy interested in energy risk management. Please, let me know if you want somebody from your organization at the meeting. He will be here next Monday at 3:00 p.m.   Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Joe,  OK as long as the number is limited. ,Please, check with Shirley regarding lunch. We are already full in this room.  Vince 
 Soto, Milena P.O. Box 66742 Houston, TX 77266 5100 Westheimer Houston, TX 77056  Phone: (713) 522 0141 Fax  : (713) 522 2027 
 Please,  Take a look at this candidate.  Vince 
 Chris,  We don't have yet any report on Broadband that might help you, developed internally by my group. We are working on a tutorial and we shall send you a copy when it's ready.  The person who can give you an introduction  to this market is Ravi Thuraisingham.   Vince 
 Julie,  I shall track down Fiona.  She may be on vacation.   Vince 
 Drew,  Dale's msg.  Vince 
 Kevin,  No problem. Nice thought.  Vince 
 Steve,  Krishna from my group. Krishna can also advise you on Resco participation.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Shirley,  The invoice for papers I have ordered on-line.  Vince 
 Thanks  Vince 
 Zeigham,  We discussed two options (not necessarily mutually exclusive):  1. summer internship 2. full employment.  Are you interested exclusively in full employment?  I need the answer ASAP, as we are going to discuss the additional summer intern positions this afternoon.   Vince 
 Stinson,  This is the person from UT I mentioned. He is not interested in the summer internship.  Vince 
 Michael.  Thanks a lot for a very quick response. It looks fine.  Please, forward it to Margaret Carson. Please, explain the data source. She may expect NYMEX as the data source for natgas and WTI.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, remind me about making arrangements for this trip later this week.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Stinson,  Another possible candidate.  Vince 
 Steve,  It makes sense to meet with Abacus. Retail marketing is very data intensive. If you set up a meeting with them, please, let me know.   Vince 
 Michael,  Can you, please, provide this information. Let me take a look at it before it's released.  Thanks.  Vince 
 Jana,  "Cotton Mary" sounds good. It's a film by Ismail Merchant who collaborated on "A Room with a View", "Howard's View", and other well known movies. It's a story about two Anglo-Indian sisters.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Can we send flowers?  Vince 
 Tanya,  Yes, we were talking about Wednesday.  My mistake. Wednesday, April 19 works for me. Let's do it then.  Vince 
 John,  Let's meet on Wednesday or Thursday this week.  I shall give you a call tomorrow to set up a meeting.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Jana,  Sounds perfect. Look forward to meeting you on Saturday. Any suggestions regarding the movie?  Vince 
 Approved  Vince Kaminski 
 Approved,  Vince Kaminski 
 Joe,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Michael,  vkaminski@aol.com   Vince 
 Tanya,  Can you coordinate, in my absence, the lunch with IT and credit.  We need the body count and reservation at the restaurant for the 14th.   Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, put it on my schedule.  Vince 
 Carl,  Depends if it is more like financial or insurance type hedging.  I shall leave it to Vasant to decide.  Vince 
 Tom,  The conference in New York is held on  May 18 and May 19. I can visit Wharton the day before.  Vince Kaminski 
 Shrley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Clayton,  No, I haven't.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, review this trip with me.  Vince 
 Great,  Please, let me know. There are several good films playing currently.  Vince 
 Anjam,  Can you, please, invite Gordian Kemen to an interview in London? Stinson, Zimin, Vasant and Krishna can interview him from Houston (video conference).  Vince 
 Shirley, Please, enroll me in this organization.  Vince 
 Thanks   Vince 
 Jana,  Next week would work for me. I am flying to San Antonio from Florida. I shall be back on Sunday.  What about Friday or Saturday next week?  Vince 
 Iris,  Please, feel free to give me a call when you have a few minutes. I shall be glad to chat with you.  Vince 
 Jana,  Sorry, I shall be in Florida this Thursday. I am speaking at a conference in Key Biscayne.  Talk to you soon.  Vince 
 Oliver,  Makes sense to me.  Vince 
 George,  Is the dress casual at the conference?  Vince 
 David,  Another trip in the cards. You can catch me at the office on wed or next week at home.  Vince 
 Habiba,  Looks good to me. Pleasure to work with you.  Vince 
 Karla,  We may use 1 workstation in London, 1 in Houston.  Yes, please call Ms. Geman and ask for more detailed price information.  Vince 
 Lynn,  Thanks a lot. I appreciate the information I am receiving from you.  Vince Kaminski 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Jens,  Thanks a lot.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Dear Mr. Fujita:  Thank you for you interest in Enron. I shall be honored if you visit Enron and I shall invite other employees of the company to the meeting.  Please, call my assistant, Shirley Crenshaw (713 853 5290) to discuss the exact time of your visit. She will be trying to reach you from our end.  The copy right for the book belongs to the RISK magazine. I shall give you the contact at the company with whom you can discuss the Japanese version issues.  Sincerely,  Vince Kaminski 
 Dennis,  Sorry. My mistake. The address list has a bug.  Vince Kaminski 
 Stinson,  No problem.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Martin  Please, refer John directly to Jinbaek Kim and his academic advisor.  Vince 
 pp2 
 John,  Thanks. See you on Monday.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Soussan,  My assistant, Shirley Crenshaw, will call you regarding the time of the meeting. Right now the afternoon is open.  I look forward to meeting you on the 19th.  Vince 
 SHirley,  Can you, please, contact her regarding the time of the meeting?  Vince 
 George,  This is the presentation I promised.  Vince 
 Gary,  Do you like this service? I can tell the guy to stop sending this info.  Vince 
 Approved  Vince Kaminski 
 http://www.libertyforelian.org/thanks2.html 
 Sherri,  Thanks.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Shirley,  Please, put on my schedule.  Vince 
 Test  Vince 
 Peggy,  Friday (lunch, supper),  Sat (breakfast, lunch). One person.  Vince Kaminski 
 Joe,  Thanks for your message. It would be difficult to rearrange  the meeting at this point, given that it was timed around the availability of Jeff Skilling. I doubt we could get Jeff for any other date at this point. We can still adjust the agenda to discuss and address the Content Services issues. I shall work on this with John and Ravi.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, provide this info.  Vince 
 Dear Professor Boyle,  I shall be glad to speak at the conference on energy derivatives  in May in Toronto. I shall call you Thursday morning (Houston time) to discuss the details.  Vince 
 Joe,  It has to be the following week. My mistake.  Vince 
 Trena,  I have received your message. Please, send the model for review to Zimin Lu. Maureen Raymond and myself will work with Zimin to review the model.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, pay.  Vince 
 John,  Yes, I did. Looks great. Vince 
 Stinson,  Cantekin has an interesting background. Please, take a look at his resume. It's on his web-site. Project on radio and TV broadband.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Cantekin's msg.  Vince 
 Steve,  Taking summer interns is the best way to screen and identify good candidates at low cost and low risk. I would take this person in, assuming you can still run it by the Analyst/Associate program. They closed the books for the summer.  Let me know if you run into any roadblock. I shall try help you from here.  Vince 
 Cantekin,  The summer associate program has closed but I shall check to see if I can get one extra place.  Vince 
 Yannis,  It makes a lot of sense to get this info.  Also, You are welcome to make a presentation to the group this Thursday at lunch.  Please, call Shirley Crenshaw (X3-5290) to coordinate and order sandwich you would like to have.  Vince   Joe, Can you, please, babysit this presentation (make sure we have all the audiovisual equipment we need, etc.).  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Joe,  I would like to invite you to an off-site meeting of John Griebling's organization and the Research Group.  Date:   April 27 - April 29 Location:  Breckenridge, Colorado   As you know, John Griebling is managing the network design and construction project currently under way in EBS. The Research Group is actively involved in this effort which requires advanced quantitative skills in the area of stochastic optimization and stochastic processes (for modeling and forecasting Internet traffic flows).  The objective of this meeting is to develop common language and accomplish transfer of skills between the two groups, to facilitate cooperation on this project in the future.  We are inviting Ken Rice and Kevin Hannon to this meeting. We would appreciate if you could speak, together with Kevin and Ken, on strategic directions of EBS. It is important for a group of technical people, with relatively specialized technical skills, to understand the big picture.  I am attaching the preliminary agenda for this meeting.  Vince Kaminski 
 Kevin,  I would like to invite you to an off-site meeting of John Griebling's organization and the Research Group.  Date:   April 27 - April 29 Location:  Breckenridge, Colorado   As you know, John Griebling is managing the network design and construction project currently under way in EBS. The Research Group is actively involved in this effort which requires advanced quantitative skills in the area of stochastic optimization and stochastic processes (for modeling and forecasting Internet traffic flows).  The objective of this meeting is to develop common language and accomplish transfer of skills between the two groups, to facilitate cooperation on this project in the future.  We are inviting Ken Rice and Joe Hirko to this meeting. We would appreciate if you could speak, together with Joe and Ken, on strategic directions of EBS. It is important for a group of technical people, with relatively specialized technical skills, to understand the big picture.  I am attaching the preliminary agenda for this meeting.  Vince 
 Ken,  I would like to invite you to an off-site meeting of John Griebling's organization and the Research Group.  Date:   April 27 - April 29 Location:  Breckenridge, Colorado   As you know, John Griebling is managing the network design and construction project currently under way in EBS. The Research Group is actively involved in this effort which requires advanced quantitative skills in the area of stochastic optimization and stochastic processes (for modeling and forecasting Internet traffic flows).  The objective of this meeting is to develop common language and accomplish transfer of skills between the two groups, to facilitate cooperation on this project in the future.  We are inviting Joe Hirko and Kevin Hannon to this meeting. We would appreciate if you could speak, together with Joe and Kevin, on strategic directions of EBS. It is important for a group of technical people, with relatively specialized technical skills, to understand the big picture.  I am attaching the preliminary agenda for this meeting.  Vince 
 Jeff,  I would like to invite you to an off-site meeting of John Griebling's organization and the Research Group.  Date:   April 27 - April 29 Location:  Breckenridge, Colorado   As you know, John Griebling is managing the network design and construction project currently under way in EBS. The Research Group is actively involved in this effort which requires advanced quantitative skills in the area of stochastic optimization and stochastic processes (for modeling and forecasting Internet traffic flows).  The objective of this meeting is to develop common language and accomplish transfer of skills between the two groups, to facilitate cooperation on this project in the future.  We are also inviting to this off-site senior management of EBS and plan to have on the agenda several presentations about strategic directions of EBS. The effort of network design and construction currently under way is  unprecedented in terms of its scope and complexity and it is important  for technical people, who often have highly specialized technical skills, to understand the broad picture.  I would appreciate if you could join us for Friday afternoon (April 28) and Saturday (April 29). I understand  that you have commitments on Thursday and Friday morning. We have reorganized the tentative agenda of the meeting to devote Friday afternoon to more general topics.  Vince 
 Tasha,  Yes, I think Li Xiao deserves the bonus.  Vince Kaminski 
 FYI  Vince 
 Gary,  Any interest?  Vince 
 Hello 
 John,  No problem. I look forward to it.  Vince 
 Gary,  Any interest?  Vince 
 Gary,  Any interest in this service? Do you want me to give this guy your name so that he can talk to you directly?  Vince 
 Oliver,  Thanks a lot for your message.  Here is the information you requested:  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com   Vince 
 Bob,  I responded to another message with the correct address.  My last name is Kaminski, not Kaminsky (Slavic names end in ski). This is the source of the confusion.   Vince 
 Bob,  You can address messages to me as:  Vince.J. Kaminski@enron.com   (not Kaminsky).  or  vkamins@enron.com.   Sorry for the confusion.  Vince 
 Ted,  Thanks for kind words.  I have a favor to ask. Jason Sokolov who works with us part-time (he is a Rice MBA candidate) has been accepted as a summer intern. I suggested that he ask for a position with your group for this summer. He works currently with Mike Roberts, 4 hours a day.  Jason is a very bright and hard working person and I can recommend him without reservations.  Vince 
 My column for this week. A graph will follow. The source of the graph is Barron's, March 27, 2000, MW10.  Vince 
 http://jonesgsm.rice.edu/ 
 David,  I am leaving for vacation this weekend and I haven't received the copy of your presentation yet. The window during which I could make changes to my presentation is closing very fast. Let's do the following: I shall keep my presentation as is (this means that I shall use the copy of my presentation I sent to Dawn Scovill  and you this week). If there is an overlap between our presentations, so be it.  Dawn, please use the copy of my presentation I sent you earlier this week.  Vince 
 Rose,  I could not open the attachments. Vince Kaminski 
 Shirley,  Yes, It will be  a swap of one machine for another.  Vince 
 Ravi,  This is a resume of Shirley's daughter. Do you know if somebody in EBS is looking for a secretary?  Vince 
 Jana,  Great  attachment. Thanks. Saturday, March 25 works for me. I shall call or E-mail you from California to talk about the time. Early afternoon would be great.   Vince 
 Paula,  Happy St. Patrick's Day.   Vince 
 Steve,  Yes, please arrange the interview. The resume is very interesting. I shall be on vacation all of next week; you can make arrangements for the following week, Monday through Thursday. Please, include Stinson, Grant and Vasant.  Vince 
 Vadim,  I am distributing your message internally to people who might be interested in your product.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Please,  Take a look at the attached info. Can you use this service?  Vince 
 Ningya,  I shall talk to Beth Perlman about the transfers.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI  Vince 
 Stinson.  No problem.  Vince 
 Shirley,  I have his cell phone: 650 814 9966.  Vince 
 Dawn,  I met David Sobotka from Koch this morning and we talked about  coordinating our presentations. This means there will be changes intended to avoid overlaps. Sorry for that. The portions of my presentation will survive (those about valuation paradigms) and I shall add a few more pages on accounting treatment of weather derivatives plus more specific examples. David will cover primarily market evolution + plus examples of some standard structures, and we shall both give more interesting examples of specific deals executed by our companies.  I shall send you an updated version of my part next week. Let me know what the deadline is.  Vince 
 Please, take a look at his results. Another model for CA PX.   Vince 
 Stinson,  Yes, makes perfect sense. Brad can start the process.  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Pam,  We don't think Wendi has skills required for this job.  Vince 
 Tom,  I am forwarding to you a copy of the message from Nick Bambos. I shall try to catch you for a few minutes today (Monday) to close the loop on this effort.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, register me.  Vince 
 John,  Here are the addresses:  mark.palmer@enron.com  gene.humphrey@enron.com  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Celeste,  I was under the impression I sent you a message regarding Brad Romine but I cannot find a copy in my msg folder. There might have been a glitch in the CC-mail and the message did not go through and wasn't  stored.  I wanted to make the following points:  1. Brad will not show up on March 15. He is still working on his dot-com business and wants to pursue this opportunity.  2. My recommendation is that we should draw a line in the sand. Either Brad or a stipend refund check should show up on March 15.  3. I told Brad that  a failure to show up on March 15 will not imperil his future employment opportunities with Enron. We just need clarity and ability to plan our human resource needs. If he decides to re-apply at some point in the future, we shall not hold his  decision  to pursue him entrepreneurial plans against him.  Please, let me  know what you think.  Vince 
 Ravi,  The proposed dates work for me.  Vince 
 Ravi,  It's fine with me. I think the expense is justified (as it's equal to the cost of the alternative).  Vince 
 Celeste,  We shall match the tuition cost. We are very anxious to have Gappy here at Enron supporting EBS.  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Paige,  In this case I shall ask Stinson and Zimin to talk to you next week.  I am going to prepare and send you an  outline of a document we can produce on defining and testing hedging effectiveness.  Vince 
 Thanks for the message. I am traveling on the days when you offer the class. Please, keep me in mind.  Vince 
 Tracy,  Confirming the meeting tomorrow, Thursday,  1:30p.m.   Vince Kaminski 
 $933  to Dean Witter 
 Shirley,  Please, enroll me in this course.  Vince 
 Tony,  Great. I look forward to visiting  you and your wife on April the 22nd. No dietary restrictions.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, add Gary Hickerson to the list.  Vince 
 Shirley,  The file.  Vince 
 Anurag Saksena Managing Director, Enterprise Risk GMAC - RFC 8400 Normandale Lake Blvd. Suite #600 Minneapolis, Minnesota 55437 Tel: (612) 857 - 6133 (o) Tel: (612) 943 - 8501 (h) 10273 Antlers Ridge Eden Prairie, MN 55347 ASaksen@rfc.com 
 Anthony,  Thanks for the invitation. What about April 22? I have committed to different speaking engagements, charities, off-sites etc. for all the Saturdays prior to this date.  Vince 
 http://www.co.montgomery.tx.us/phonbook/   Jana Phillips Marketing Manager New York Mercantile Exchange 1000 Louisiana Street, Suite 1095 Houston, TX 77002  Phone: (713) 658 9296 Fax  : (713) 658 9393 Jlpnymex@aol.com 
 Karla,  Thanks. Here are Helyette's coordinates:  Helyette Geman Universite de Paris-Dauphine Place du Marechal de Lattre-de-Tassigny 75775 Paris CEDEX 16  Phone: 33 1 44 054 943 (o) 33 1 46 040 110 (h) (f) Fax  : 33 1 44 054 937 geman@cidmail.services.dauphine.fr Helyette.Geman@dauphine.fr  Vince 
 Stinson,  What is SPAV? Is it the basket option model?  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Ravi,  Sounds good.  Vince 
 Jana Phillips Marketing Manager New York Mercantile Exchange 1000 Louisiana Street, Suite 1095 Houston, TX 77002  Phone: (713) 658 9296 Fax  : (713) 658 9393 Jlpnymex@aol.com 
 Jana,  Thanks again for the invitation to join you at the Rodeo. It was a great pleasure to meet you and your husband.  What   about getting together next week for a movie and/or dinner? I shall call you later this week to find out when you are free. I have a trip to NYC on Tuesday and Wednesday, but Thursday or Friday should be fine.  I have  a speaking engagement on April 6 in Florida (a conference organized by Florida Power and Light). This means I shall miss the meeting of the Symphony Partners on that day. Please, keep me in mind for the following meetings and I shall be very glad to join you.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Voucher # 0100015652  for  $359.78   Vince 
 Stinson,  Most recent version of my presentation.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, renew my membership.  Vince 
 Martin,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Let me think about a similar publication. Zimin, any ideas?   Vince 
 Phone cards 
 Steve,  No problem.  Grant will speak in place, but RISK may not be aware of it yet. You can just register as my guest.  Vince 
 Srinson,  Yes, Sorry. I brought it back one day and realized I left one CD at home. Let me bring it back tomorrow.   Vince 
 Check for ML 
 Steve,  I talked to Sh?n about your paper.  Please, feel free to contact her directly and discuss the publication options.  Vince  Sh?n Millie Risk Books 28-29 Haymarket London SW1Y 4RX Phone: 44 (0)171 484 9740 Fax : 44 (0)171 484 9758 e-mail: shan@risk.co.uk www.riskpublications.com 
 I am trying to track down the Scientific Workplace disks. Please, let me know if you have them.  Vince 
 David,  I sent a message with information to several different units but no response so far. I think people need a specific need to focus and I shall keep the Chicago Partners in mind when a relevant project arrives. I shall resend the message with attachments on CP in a few weeks as a reminder.   Vince  Vince 
 Shirley,  Can you schedule an interview for him with Stinson, Zimin and Krishna.  Vince 
 Nurit,  We shall schedule a phone interview for you sometimes next week. My assistant, Shirley Crenshaw (713 853 5290), will call you to discuss the timing.  Vince Kaminski 
 Hill,  Yes, I think it can be done. I am in London right now and I shall come back next week Thursday.  Please, give me call about it.   Vince  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 (713) 410 5396 (cell) Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com 
 Jason,  No problem. I am glad I could help. They finally called a few days ago when they had to make the decision.  Vince 
 Nick,  Thanks for your message. Saturday, 11:45 at  the Terman is fine with me. See you there.  Vince 
 Elizabeth,  FYI  Vince 
 Bryan,  I talked to Vasant about the model review in London. He thought that he could accomplish this from Houston, but I think direct  communication makes things much easier. I think his trip to London makes a lot of sense. KMV confirmed the meeting on the 20th. We hope to get more information about the scope of their model and assess its the applicability to your business. Vasant, after a few days of immersion in your operations, will be able to assess better the usefulness of the model.  Vince 
 Grant,  Your call. Any day would work for me.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Should we get him as well? It seems he has the right skills. We might have maxed out on the number of summer interns through the A/A program. We would have to hire him directly.    Vince 
 Interview for Lee 
 FYI.  Shirley (3-5290) is making travel arrangements for me.   It makes sense for all of us to stay in the same hotel, irrespective of individual travel arrangements   Vince 
 Shirley,  FYI  Vince 
 Greg,  FYI. I can see further escalation in compensation for quants.  Vince 
 Donna,  Sorry to hear about it. I shall stop by tomorrow  to say hello. It's too bad: so many good friends of mine will be leaving the comapny.   Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Robert,  This is to confirm the meeting on March the 20th at 9:00 a.m. Enron will be represented by Bill Bradford, Bryan Seyfried,,Vasant Shanbhogue and myself.  Could you, please, advise me what is the best hotel where we could stay overnight, close to your location?  Vince Kaminski ENRON  Corp. 1400 Smith Street, Room 1962 Houston, TX 77251-1188 Phone: (713) 853 3848 Fax  :     (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com 
 Kevin,  I think it's very important. It is important that our work area looks neat.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Karen,  I have forwarded all the resumes to Charlene Jackson about 10 days ago. I am resending 4 resumes (in the case of Paolo it's a copy of his E-mail message) I have in electronic format. The resume for Gappy will be faxed to you.  Thanks for your help.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Pleae, invite Clayton.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Do we still have some copies left?  Vince 
 Ken,  It seems that there may be an Internet bias as well (more affluent and educated households are on-line).  One solution: develop a control group. Arm-twist clerical employees of the School to fill out the questionnaire and also ask them to provide the questionnaire to their friends  and families.  Vince 
 Gary, Peter,  This is a copy of my London presentation. I expect to make some minor changes to this presentation for March 13.  Vince    Vince Kaminski 
 Stinson,  The 1st presentation.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Prof. Peter Tufano Harvard Business School Morgan Hall 377 Soldiers Field Boston, Massachusetts 02163 Phone: (617) 495-6855 Fax:    (617) 496-6592 Email: ptufano@hbs.edu http://www.people.hbs.edu/ptufano 
 Karen,  The total of 5 offers. I sent you 2 CVs electronically, 2 hard copies to Charlene. Paulo's resume will follow.  Vince 
 Ken  I shall E-mail you in an hour or two if I have any comments. Shirley has my cell phone  number.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, include Grant as well.  Vince 
 Remi,  No problem. My assistant Shirley Crenshaw will call you Friday to set up a meeting.  Vince 
 Martina,  Thanks.  Vince    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 Congratulations.  Vince 
 Sevil.  We are looking forward to having you here. If you want, you can stop by one day and I shall introduce you to Grant Masson with whom you will be working this summer.  Vince 
 Ravi,  I shall leave the decision to Stinson and you.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Deniese Palmer Huggins 1000 Louisiana Street Suite 1095 Houston, TX 77002     Phone: (713) 658 9292 Fax  : (713) 658 9393 
 Kevin,  I would like to see the expense reports to monitor the rate at which we approach our group budget limits.  Thanks.  Vince 
 Drogi Panie Andrzeju,  Prosze powolac sie na  mnie.  W. Kaminski 
 Tom,  FYI. I hope to meet Nick Bambos this weekend.  Vince 
 Sreve,  12 o'clock will work for me. Any food, except for sushi. I have to leave at 1:00 for the airport.   Vince 
 FYI  Vince  P.S. Charlene, I am in London till Wednesday. If you have any questions you can contact Stinson Gibner X3-4748. 
 FYI   Vince 
 Ravi,  Maybe Stinson can get on this conference call. I shall be at the office on Thursday only this week.  Vince 
 Amy,  Yes, I am interested. I am in London now, but I shall contact him on Thuirsday.  Vince 
 Ludmila,  You can reach me at   vkamins@enron.com. I am  accessing my mail. Elzbieta was reconnected  to the machine again this morning (Mon).   Vince 
 Ed,  I am glad I got it resolved. Hope you will like the system.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Charlene, I am sending you as promised the information I have about 3 of our summer interns. I shall fax you this morning two additional resumes I have in hard copy.  In the case of Paulo Rocha we don't have a formal resume, just a letter from him with the summary of his skills.  Thanks for your help. Enron desperately needs this talent.  Vince 
 Drogi Panie Andrzeju,  Probuje skontaktowac sie z Jarkiem Astramowiczem, by znalezc sposob dofinansowania Waszej imprezy. Jedyna mozliwosc, by to zrobic jest poprzez Enron Poland. Mnie byloby bardzo trudno usprawiedliwic to z mojego budzetu.  W. Kaminski 
 Ravi,  Our compensation for summer interns is very generous. It's more than what an engineering student expects.  Vince  P.S.  Any progress on the resumes in electronic form? I want to send a package to Charlene today.  Vince 
 Kevin  Yes, it's a good idea.  Vince 
 Mike,  No attachment.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Linda,  FYI  Vince 
 Giuseppe,  Thanks a lot. I would appreciate if you could set up a meeting with Prof. Bambos. We talked to him during our last visit and we would like to follow up with some specific proposals regarding research projects Enron could sponsor.  Vince 
 Datren,  I am forwarding your resume to our Analyst/Associate program. I talked to them about my needs for the summer and I don't see any problem. They should contact you shortly.  Vince Kaminski 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Tom,  Thanks a lot. I shall read it in the plane this weekend.  Vince 
 Shirley,  It will take a lot of effort to compile this list.  Please, remind me about it.  Vince 
 Jarek,  Czy Enron moze pomoc w organizacji tej imprezy? Bylaby to dobra okazja nawiazania wielu pozytecznych kontaktow.  Wicek 
 Shirley  FYI  Vince 
 Thanks.  Vince 
 Mike,  There might be a place for Steve in our unit supporting EES. I shall forward the resume to my associates supporting the Facility Management effort.  Thanks for thinking about us.  Vince  P.S. Krishna, Osman,  Can you take a look at the attached resume? Steve has no finance background but his engineering background is very strong.  Vince 
 Liz,  Thanks. Shirley already acted on this.  Vince 
 Brad,  Can we reverse this entry? I shall call you later today regarding Tanya.  Vine 
 Jennifer,  Yes, we shall look at him. Thanks for thinking of us.  Vince      Enron North America Corp. 
 Mike,  This one is very good. I am afraid we shall have a few employees left after this test.  Vince 
 To all whom it may concern:  I would like to register my associate Zimin Lu as my guest at Power 2000 conference in Houston in May. Thanks.  Vince Kaminski 
 Margaret,  I have an economist in my group and asked her if she feels qualified to make a presentation on this topic. I shall keep you posted. I think It would help Enron to oblige.  Vince 
 Maureen,  Could you make a presentation on this topic? It would be a favor to our operation in Nebraska and it's not mandatory.   Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Osman,  Can you help him. I think his company's profile is in your territory.  Vince 
 Bill,  I forwarded your message to my associate, Osman Sezgen, who supports our Energy Services group. He will E-mail you the name of a contact at Enron.  Vince Kaminski 
 Zimin,  You are the 1st. Feel free to register as my guest.  Vince 
 Grant,  Did Li Xiao refer Alex  to us?  Vince 
 Gwyn,  Try to reduce the number of potential candidates to 3, before I shall get involved.  Also, I contacted HR regarding your promotion. The process has started.  Vince 
 Krishna,  We should invite Kim Watson and her associates as well.  Vince 
 Lynn,  I am forwarding you the resume of a very bright and motivated young man who attended a lecture I gave recently at LSU.  I think we should consider him for an analyst position.  Vince 
 Helyette,  I have just called you at home. I shall try the office as well. Here are my numbers, just in case:  Phone:  (713) 853 3848 (o) (281) 367 5377 (h) (713) 898 9960 (cell private) (713) 410 5396 (cell office)  Fax  :     (713) 646 2503  Vince 
 Donna,  Thanks.   Vince 
 Vince,  Interesting newsletters.   DAd 
 Ben,  I spoke with Anjam and gave him the information about my trip. Here is the short summary:  1. If you are free for dinner on  Sunday, I would be glad to meet with you (as well as Anjam and Steve). I would like to review what's going on in Houston and London.  2. We can arrange the interviews for all  the candidates you lined up Monday afternoon (Tuesday  and Wednesday mornings are the alternative dates). We treat the interviews as internal to the Research Group  and we shall arrange full interview schedules at a later day for those candidates who pass our internal test.  3. Please, feel free to put on my agenda other meetings you think might be useful. Please, coordinate the meetings with Anjam and Steve. I am busy on Tuesday afternoon (I a speak at a conference).  Vince 
 Helyette,  I shall be glad to join you.  Vince 
 Louise,  Thanks. His E-mail address is ekrapels@esaibos.com. The company  coordinates are as follows:  ESAI 301 Edgewater Place, Suite 108 Wakefield, MA 01880 (781) 245-2036 (781) 245-8706  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, register me.  Vince 
 Celeste,  I would like to ask you for a favor. We would like to have Sevil as an intern in our group this summer. She prepares a Ph.D. dissertation  on transmission: a critical issue to the power markets everywhere.  I have also a few other students I would like to take in as summer interns. I shall send you the resumes in separate messages.  Vince Kaminski 
 Shirley,  Please, forward my bio to Crystal.  Vince 
 Louise,  Some time ago I sent you a message regarding Ed Krapels. He is writing a book on energy commodity markets and would like to learn more about EOL.  Can you give him a  call and chat with him for 10 minutes. He is a good friend of Enron and it would be free ad for us.  Vince 
 Bill,  I am forwarding a memo from Vincent Tang about the new credit model. English may be imperfect but the message is clear.  Vince 
 Steve,  I am speaking at a conference either on Monday or Tuesday. I shall let you know tomorrow the details of my schedule. We can always invite them to visit with Enron in the evening. 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI Please, put on my schedule.  Vince 
 Conference oin  NYC March. I am speaking.   Vince 
 Jim,  Thanks again for the invitation to visit LSU. Shirley will FedEx the receipts tomorrow.  Vince 
 Martin,  Please, take a look at Question 3. Who is the right person at EBS?  Vince 
 Jarek,  I forwarded your resume to our SAP team leader.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, coordinate this  interview.   Vince 
 Jim,  I know the author but  thanks for the lead.  Vince 
 Zimin, Stinson  He seems to be really interested.  We should set up a formal interview for him.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Impressive. Plz, send one also to Liz and Greg.  Vince 
 Ronnie,  What about structuring and Sean and Margueritte?  Vince 
 Ed,  Louise must be very busy. I sent her another message regarding your request. I shall call her if there is no reply from her within 3 days.  Please, let me know.  Vince 
 Jinbaek,  The answer to the 1st question is yes. The project list is fine with me and is still valid. We are an organization driven by the needs of our internal customers.  I shall froward your message to the  person in EBS. Hopefully, we shall get a positive response.   Vince 
 eckao@aol.com   Phone: (713) 667-2765 (h) (713) 743 4716 (o) 
 Shirley,  Please register me and remind me abou it.  Vince 
 David,  I shall be in the office tomorrow (Fri) afternoon. I am working with Maureen here to get some ammunition regarding the Korean economic conditions and prospects.  Vince 
 Biliana,  I have prior commitments on Saturday, February the 5th. Please, send me more information about the following Saturday. There is a remote possibility I shall have to go to London that weekend. Otherwise, I shall be glad to join you.  Vince 
 We are supposed to get back to the headhunter. You can send her an E-mail (please see the first message at the bottom of the page for the address).  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Shirley,  That's fine.  Vince 
 Jodi,  Chris can set up a conference call with myself, Stinson Gibner and Zimin Lu to discuss the real option applications. My assistant Shirley Crenshaw, 3-5290, will be glad to help him.  Vince      Enron Capital Management 
 www.consumerfed.org/calmkt.pdf 
 Tony,  Thanks for the invitation. I shall be glad to meet your wife and havea dinner at your house.  Take care  Vince 
 Davis,  I sent out the memo. No reaction yet.  Vince 
 Steve,  We can accelerate the process. We need some internal approvals. Please, talk to Richard Lewis and  let him know I think it's OK to publish it because it is a very high level theoretical paper.  Vince 
 I have received an inquiry through one of our employees (David Barr) from Chicago Partners, a consulting firm in Chicago. They specialize, among other things, in regulatory economics and could be useful as experts in our discussions with the government and regulatory agencies.  One of the partners, Christopher Culp, is a well known commodity markets expert.  Please, let me know if you are interested.  Vince Kaminski 
 Larry,  I sent the information to Mark Ruane, 713 853 3569. He is the best customer at Enron for real options applications.  Vince 
 Mark,  We are too busy. We shall skip it.  Vince 
 Ian,  Sorry for a delay in responding to you. I am currently in London, flying back to Houston tomorrow.  The problem is not  with the lawyers. We worked on our presentation materials together with a professor from another university and we agreed to use these materials only internally.  We have to honor our commitment to him. I am sure that this is exactly what you would have expected from us if we had made a similar commitment to you.  Vince 
 Barbara,  Yes, ECT does not exist any longer. It's safer to say the seminar is sponsored buy Enron Corp. WE have a reorganization every three months.  Vince 
 http://eprofile.cera.com/client/nap/media.cfm 
 Shirley, Please, put it on my calendar. What should I buy?  Vince 
 Dear Ms. Wells,  I have forwarded the resume to some people at Enron.   Vince Kaminski 
 Melissa,  Please, take a look at this resume. Any interest? I got it from a headhunter (I don't know her, it was a cold call on her part and she did not make a good impression).  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, register me.  Vince 
 FYI   Vince 
 Shirley,  Can you please set up the meeting.  Vince 
 Chris,  No problem. Feel free to mention our names.  Vince 
 Jason,  There was a problem with the request. I could not approve it (the system would not let me do it). There must have been a  mistake in the way it was submitted). Please, ask Shirley to resubmit.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Yes. No problem.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Thanks for your concern.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, remind me to order flowers for Paula Monday.   Vince 
 Bryan,  FYI  Vince 
 Marek,  I shall send you the article on fuel cells later tonight. I shall be in Portland and San Francisco through the weekend. Any plans for Elisir d'Amore"?  Please, respond to vkaminski@aol.com  Vince 
 Please, take a look at this article:    Vince 
 Oliver,  I apologize for the delay. I was traveling over the last few weeks. Please, feel free to edit my bullet points. I shall be back in the office on Friday afternoon.  In the meantime you can reach me on my cell phone: 713 410 5396  My name: Vince Kaminski   (not kaminsky) Managing Director Enron Corp.  The Challenge of Valuation of Energy Related Derivatives  - Modeling the dynamics of energy prices - Incomplete markets - Complexity of the energy related contracts - embedded options - multiple layers if optionality   Vince Kaminski 
 Mark,  Do u want to send anybody to this conference?  Vince 
 Hello,  I  shall be traveling this week. I shall be glad to meet you for lunch next week. Please give me a call Monday at 713 853 3848.  Vince 
 Slava,  Can we invite Maureen Raymond ( a member of the Research Group currently in London to dinner)?   Vince 
 mpakulsk@swbell.net 
 Mike,  Please, stay on top of this development.  Vince 
 FYI,  Please, take a look at this resume.  Vince 
 Mark,  I agree with you. They do not seem to have the market penetration we need. The benefits don't justify the expense.  I shall notify them.  Vince 
 Celeste,  We can use this guy  as a help for Enron Broad band  Svc's. We are getting many projects in this area.  Vince 
 Jonathan,  Sounds familiar?  Vince 
 Rick & Ted,  One more thing to watch. California power prices next  summer. We see the possibility of higher prices and of spikes (bad hydro conditions in California, growing demand for power).  Vince 
 Mark,  I have an inquiry from a publishing house who are preparing a book on the world power markets. They wanted us to sponsor it (at the cost of 19,000 pounds) but the reaction from our power desks was  lukewarm.  They are offering us an opportunity to advertise in this publocatio. I am attaching the message with the terms.  Vince 
 Steve,  A very good spec.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Larry,  The copy of the article I mentioned to you.  Vince 
 Larry,  The copy of the article I mentioned.   Vince 
 Mike,  Just got it this morning. An area to focus on.  Vince 
 Vernon,  Please, take a look at it.  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 George,  This is the first cut at the problem you gave us, done by my associate Clayton Vernon. Please, feel free to call him with any question. Your friend should check what were the sermons he gave on April 19 and April 25, in 1998 and 1999, respectively.  Vince 
 Vince Kaminski EB1962 3-3848    Enron North America Corp. 
 Shelley,  My colleague, Clayton Vernon, who has a background in  economics, wrote a short summary of arguments against the ROFR.  We are working on the second approach to the problem: we try to come up with a numerical estimate of the value of this option. The fact that an incumbent shipper has this option has distributional consequences: he has something  of value he never paid for. Having a numerical estimate of the value of this option could help to argue against it. The value of such an option is case specific; so we shall rather produce a template you can use for valuation case by case.  Vince Kaminski 
 Fati,  Please contact Krishnarao Pinnamaneni or Osman Sezgen.  Vince 
 Lou,  Thanks a lot.  Vince 
 Maricela,  EB 1962   Vince Kaminski  Thanks 
 Kim,  Thanks a lot. I appreciate your kind words.   Vince 
 Stinson,  Did you have the chance to audit the UK vol generator?  Vince 
 She  will come on Thu at 10:15.  Vince 
 This person might qualify for the Enterprise-Wide  Risk Management effort.  Vince 
 Ed,  I sent a message to Louise Kitchen who runs the EnronOnline effort. She should be getting back to you shortly.  Vince 
 Louise,  It would be a good commercial for Enron. What can we do to help him and get free publicity?  Vince 
 Shirley,  Works for me.  Vince 
 Anjam,  It's a very good job description.  Vince 
 Madre,  Thanks for your message. I was at the meetings all the time.  Vince 
 Rick,  I read your memo regarding Global Risk Management Initiative.  I am sending you the information regarding a related initiative on which I have been working last year and which is moving now into the implementation stage. It's Enterprise - Wide Risk Management and it's really an effort to measure business risks consistently across the company. I hope my group can be helpful in designing the general approach to this problem.  Please, let me know what your thoughts are.   Vince 
 Rick,  I read your memo regarding Global Risk Management Initiative.  I am sending= =20 you the information regarding a related initiative on which I have been working las= t=20 year and which is moving now into the implementation stage. It's Enterprise - Wide Risk=20 Management and it's really an effort to measure business risks consistently across the= =20 company. I hope my group can be helpful in designing the general approach to this=20 problem.  Please, let me know what your thoughts are.  Vince 
 Jim,  I can send you copies of the  reprints of some papers I wrote or co-authored. Please, let me know how many copies do you need.  I shall prepare power point presentations for the student meeting and for the faculty meeting.  For the students: review of my group (things we work on) with an intention of generating some interest among the students and soliciting resumes.  For the faculty meeting: challenges that energy markets pose to financial modeling. I shall be able to E-mail the Power Point presentations later this month.  Vince 
 Ted, please take a quick look at the outline of discussion notes for Friday.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Any conflict?  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Clayton,  I agree. This would happen when there is an insufficient pipeline capacity to move gas. The market developments you describe happen quite often and this is one of the reasons we want to have the model you are working on.  Vince  Vince 
 Walter,  Thanks. My new location  is EB 1962.  Vince 
 http://www.warwick.ac.uk/fac/soc/CSGR/glob-fin.html 
 Darlene,  Thanks. Congratulations and best wishes. Please, let me know if I can help you in any way (driving you home, delivering things from the office, etc.). Hope to talk to you soon.  Vince  3-3848 281 367 5377 (h) 
 Rita,  Thanks.  See  you soon.  Vince 
 Sue,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Bonnie,  Thanks both for your message and for all the help in this difficult matter. I shall try to stop by one day to formally introduce myself.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Mark,  We are really swamped and I would like to keep our involvement in conferences to a reasonable minimum. I can promise that we shall help you with a future conference if it happens to be in Houston.  Vince 
 Ron,  We are really swamped and I would like to keep our involvement in conferences to a reasonable minimum. I can promise that we shall help you with a future conference if it happens to be in Houston.  Vince 
 Alan,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Donna,  Thanks.   Vince      Enron North America Corp. 
 Tony,  Thanks. Let's go out one night and have a few  drinks.  Vince 
 Jempy,  Thanks.  Vince 
 JoAnn,  Yes, Sorry. 413 was the number on the form I received.  Vince    Enron Property & Services Corp. 
 Bob,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Emma,  Here is the file.  Vince 
 Lucy,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Barbara,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Laura,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Dale,  Congratulations. Well deserved. I am very happy your tremendous contribution to the company has been recognized.  Vince 
 Bryan,  Congratulations. I am very  happy your contribution to the company  and team building spirit has been recognized.  Vince 
 Anthony,  Congratulations. Well deserved. I am very happy for you. Better late than never.  Vince 
 Tom,  Sounds great. There are some professors at UT who worked on automated trading systems. I shall review my files and try to locate the paers they sent me.   Vince 
 Barry,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Meredith,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Rick,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Jean,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Brad,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Harry,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Kristina,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Bob,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Julia,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Paula,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Sandeep,  I sent E-mail msg  from the plane.  Vince 
 George,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Richard,  Congratulations. Well deserved. I am very happy your contribution to the company has been recognized.  Vince 
 Louise,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Joe,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince  P.S. I shall call you Wed regarding a request to sponsor a publication by the Commodities Now magazine. 
 Jeff,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Janet,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Dave,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Harold,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Ray,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Damon,  I am in London this week. Please, call me at 713 853 3848 next week, starting Thu.  Vince 
 Jeremy,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Mark,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Bani,  Thanks.   Vince 
 Trang,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Shalesh,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Jordan,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Zhiyong,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Beth,  Thanks. I shall be in London in February.  Vince 
 Rob,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Eklavya,  Thanks.  Vince    Eklavya Sareen                01/11/2000 03:19 AM 
 Jim,  Thanks a lot. Sorry for a delay in responding to your message. March 29 works for me and I shall ask Shirley Crenshaw to call you and agree on the time. I am in London without access to my calendar.  Vince 
 Bill,  Thanks a lot.  Vince      Enron North America Corp. 
 Clayton,  Thanks. Constrained is a term that means "from a tight labor pool."  Vince 
 Julie,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Sherry,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Rick,  I have just looked at the memo regarding promotions. Congratulations - well deserved.   Vince 
 Kevin,  Thanks for taking good care of us.  Vince 
 Doug,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Richard,  Thanks a lot.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Let's plan for a celebration next week, Thursday. I shall talk to you about it.  Vince 
 Ding,   Thanks.  Vince 
 John,  Thanks a lot.   Vince 
 Ludmila,  #16 & 18.   Vince 
 Beth,  Congratulations. Well deserved.   Vince 
 Elizabeth,  Yes, manager.  Thanks.  Vince 
 Greg,  These are proposed bonuses:  Managers:  Superior  1. Ravi Thuraisingham  40K 2. Ronnie Chahal   40K 3. Amitava  Dhar   40K   Excellent  1. Osman Sezgen   35K 2. Tanya Tamarchenko  35K 3. Joe Hrgovcic   30K 4. Vincent Tang   30K   Directors:  Superior  1. Mike Roberts   100K 2. Krishnarao Pinnamaneni  60K   Excellent  1. Zimin Lu   50K 2. Maureen Raymond  40K   Assistants:  1. Shirley Crenshaw   6K 2. Robert Moore   5K  You already have the VP numbers.  Vince 
 FYI   Vince 
 Shirley,  I cannot approve it.    APPROVE button does not work.  Vince 
 Elizabeth,  We would like to invite Bob Lee for an interview, January 24, Monday. He will be interviewed by me, Stinson Gibner, Zimin Lu, Paulo Issler, Vasant Shanbhogue, Krishnarao Pinnamaneni, Grant Masson.  Thanks   Vince 
 Ron,  I am sorry to inform you that due to a scheduling conflict I cannot speak at this conference. I want to thank you for considering me as a speaker.  Vince Kaminski 
 Stinson,  Let's talk about it. It seems like an open personality clash developing for the first time in the history of the group.  Vince 
 Greg,  Two things I did not manage to mention to you at the meeting on Monday.  1. Joe Carson. I was very positively impressed by Joe Carson. Enron  badly needs a senior economist of his stature and experience. He has many contacts in the industry and can represent Enron well. He is very pragmatic and, also, I expect a cool head on old shoulders.  One negative is that he wants to work out of New York. The tradeoff is between maintaining  his contacts and working closer with the desks.  2. Tony Mends. I think you, or Louise, should explore the possibility of using the skills of Tony Mends. Tony and I are good friends so I may be biased. I think that he is a very smart and efficient person and can contribute a lot to the organization that relies on processing huge volumes of information.  Vince 
 To whom? 
 Shirley,  Please,  put a regular Enron NA meeeting on Mondays at 9:30 to 11:00.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, ask me about it.  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Tanya,  Please, look into it.  Vince 
 Stinson,  N o problem.  Vince 
 Shirley,  OK.   Vince 
 Michael,  Sorry, Thursday schedule is full. What about Fri, 1 to 2?  Vince      Michael Guerriero@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT  01/06/2000 08:23 AM 
 Tony,  Happy New Year and Congratulations. I hope you feel better soon.  Let's meet for lunch when you get back to the office.  Vince 
 Janette,  Thanks.  Vince Kaminski ENRON  Corp. 1400 Smith Street, Room 1962 Houston, TX 77251-1188 Phone: (713) 853 3848 Fax  :    (713) 646  2599 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com    Vince 
 FYI,  Please, check with Shirley.  Vince 
 http://www2.bluemountain.com/cgi-bin/BMApc1 
 Michael,  What about 1:00 p.m. Thursday?  Vince      Michael Guerriero@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT  01/05/2000 05:47 PM 
 Shirley,  Please, put on my schedule.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, put on my schedule.  Vince 
 Shirley,  The place to stay is Mariott Financial Center in NYC.  Vince 
 Greg, Liz,  Here are the instructions how to get to Stinson's house.   Directions from major freeways:  From Southwest Freeway (59): Exit on Buffalo Speedway and go south.  (Greenway plaza is on the north side of the freeway.) Pass through stoplights on Bissonette, Sunset, Rice, and University. Turn right on Cason  (the last small street before the next stoplight, which is at Holcomb Blvd.) House is on your left in 2.5 blocks.   From  West Loop 610 : Exit on Bellaire Blvd. and go east  (inside the loop). After you pass the stoplights at Auden and at Edloe street,  start watching for JiffyLube on your right. When you near JiffyLube, turn LEFT onto Sewanee Street. At first intersection, turn Right onto Cason House is on your right.  If you miss the turn at JiffyLube, just turn LEFT at the stoplight at Buffalo and turn left again onto Cason.  Vince 
 Molly,  Stinson Gibner is the best person to interview Mark.  Vince 
 Celeste,  I am recommending Jason Sokolov for summer internship with Enron. Jason is currently working part-time for Mike Roberts and makes very valuable contribution  to a number on-going projects.  We are very happy with his performance and see him as a valuable future Enron employee.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, extend the invitation  to Greg and Liz.  Vince 
 Gary,  I shall stop by in the afternoon. Such a hurricane would bankrupt a few insurance companies.   Vince 
 Shirley,  Feb 3-4 looks  best.  Vince 
 Ehud,  Best New Year and New Millennium Wishes to You and Your Family. Look forward to working with you more in the coming year.  Vince 
 Frank,  Happy New  Year and New Millennium.  Vince Kaminski 
 Lenos,  Thank you again for the invitation. I shall be glad to attend and speak on the topic indicated in the program. One correction: I am a VP.  Thanks  Vince 
 Ben,  Let me review it one more time from this angle. If you don't hear from me by Wednesday, it's OK to post it.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, put it on my calendar.  Vince 
 Todd,  Thanks for the invitation to speak on the panel. It was a real pleasure to join you and other leading professionals in the energy area in the discussion on the state of the electricity markets in the US.  I want to wish you a very Happy and Successful New Year.  Vince Kaminski 
 Michael,  Sorry, I was out around the holidays. I shall be glad to meet with you in the 1st week of January. Please call me (3-3848) or my assistant, Shirley Crenshaw, 3-5290.  Vince     Michael Guerriero@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT  12/20/99 02:31 PM 
 Mike,  Thanks. Let me talk to McBride about the comp levels.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Please, talk to Jeff Shankman's secretary about including all the Research Group members on the 31st floor  in the company provided lunches (when they are available).  If an additional  lunch is needed from time to time, it's fine, but it should be seen as a something done under exceptional circumstances.   Vince 
 Shannon,  Thanks. The same to you.  Sorry to have missed your class. I had a very bad case of flu with some additional complications. I shall be glad to make a presentation on the same topic on another occasion.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, register me. Is there any  conflict?  Vince    Vince 
 Lonny,  My phone number is 713 853 3848. In London this week, I shall come back next week.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Expense checks:  $6,1101.01 $579.69 $624.34   Vince 
 Les,  Thanks. The same to you. Merry Christmas to you and your family.  Vince Kaminski 
 Kevin,  Please, help Stinson.  Vince 
 Bhavna,  Thanks a lot. The same to you. Happy Holidays.  Vince 
 Mark,  FYI. Any decisions regarding our involvement with John?  Vince 
 Joe,  He is a research assistant of Prof. Darrell Duffie from Stanford and I met him in this capacity. A very bright fellow.  I could not assess his commercial skills but he has enough common sense to identify the winner (as his interest in Enron demonstrates).  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Ron,  No message was attached.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, put it on my schedule.  Vince 
 Joe,  I am forwarding you the information about the student from Stanford of Japanese ancestry interested in Enron.  He lives currently  in California.  Vince Kaminski 
 FYI  Vince 
 Pavel,  A commentary on IMF policy with respect to Russia and other countries. Stiglitz is a very bright person and I agree completely with his points. Privately, he is even more outspoken.  Vince 
 FYI   Vince 
 Aidan,  Yes, this will work for us.   Vince 
 Emma,  Thanks. Happy Holidays to you and your team.  I am a VP, Research  at Enron Corp.   Vince 
 Resume for Anurag   Anurag Saksena Managing Director, Enterprise Risk GMAC - RFC 8400 Normandale Lake Blvd. Suite #600 Minneapolis, Minnesota 55437 Tel: (612) 857 - 6133 (o) Tel: (612) 943 - 8501 (h) 10273 Antlers Ridge Eden Prairie, MN 55347 ASaksen@rfc.com 
 FYI  Vince 
 Stinson,  Any comments?  Vince 
 Angela,  No problem. I shall be glad to do it.  Happy Holidays if I don't hear from you.  Vince 
 Clayton,  Please, register for  4 & 5  Wellhead to BurnerTip  course.  Vince 
 Emma,  Mergers and acquisitions are not my cup of tea.  Chairing stream 1 on day 1 seems to be a better match.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Can you attend?  Vince 
 Emma,  It's your choice. I can chair the session of day 2 or speak on one of these topics. Please, let me know what works for you.  Possible presentations:  Evaluating the effectiveness of insurance as a risk management tool  or  Applying real option theory to value power plants  or  Overcoming the difficulties of accurately estimating volatility   Vince 
 Shirley,  Expense check:  $2,953.74  Vince 
 Adam,  Let me gather some information for you.  Vince 
 Helen,  I forwarded your message to my associate Stinson Gibner whom I can wholeheartedly recommend.  Vince 
 Stinson,  This is the request I got from RISK.  Vince 
 Yes,  I hope they will do OK tomorrow. Thanks for the tip.  Vince 
 Frank,  No problem.  I hope everything will go OK at the interview.  Vince 
 John,  What about Thursday, 10:30 a.m.? I have just come back from Europe last night and I am trying to organize my schedule for the next few days.  My phone number is 713 853 3848.   Vince 
 I haven't received yet the final Performance Evaluation Results. The usual practice is to defer the reviews till   the final summary rankings are available.  Please, let me know when I can expect it form the HR.  Thanks.  Vince Kaminski 
 Allan,  I am sending you my coordinates. I expect to be in London around September the 20th.  Vince Kaminski   Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com 
 Shirley,  Business, like Ehud Ronn's visit.  Vince 
 Shijie,  Thanks for your message. My assistant will call you to discuss the timing of the visit.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Can you, please, call him and ask what would be best timing. The last week of July would be best. I would like Grant, Alex, Zimin, Krishna and Stinson to meet him.  Vince 
 David,  I think we should follow the developments and adjust our processes to avoid legal exposures. I heard that Microsoft was hit with a $5 billion suit related to alleged discrimination through the rankin= g=20 process.  Vince 
 Mark, Mike,  I have scheduled a video conference with this gentleman on Thursday this week at 3:30 p.m.  Can you join me for this conversation?  Vince 
 David,  I could not open the file. Please, resend. It may be the fire wall  issue or it's a different version of MS  Word.  Vince    Vince 
 Paige,  Thanks a lot for  your presentation. It was an eye-opener in many cases.  I shall schedule a meeting with you next week to discuss how we can help you  in this project. I have some ideas I would like to run by you.  Vince   P.S. Shirley, please see if Monday is OK for 30 mins? 
 Dale,  I cannot read the body of the message.  Vince 
 Ravi,  Charlene wants the entire batch of potential summer intern resumes sent to her in one step. I want to complete this by Friday. Catch me after lunch to talk about it.  Vince 
 Hello,  My name is Vince Kaminski. I work in Houston and I used to work for AIESEC in Poland in the 1970s.  I shall be glad to meet you when you visit Houston.  I hope your traineeships are going well.  Vince Kaminski 
 Tanya,  I t makes sense to wait till October.  Vince 
 Krishna,  Please,  confirm with Hill Huntington.   Vince 
 David,  FYI  Vince 
 Sam,  Yes, please go around and solicit contributions. You can use my name.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 John and Krishna,  I am sending you an outline of a conference at Stanford on topics related to demand-side pricing and management in the power markets.  Please, let me know if you are personally interested and who else in your respective  organizations would like to attend.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please schedule an interview with Konstantin on May 8.  Stinson, Zimin, Alex, Tanya, Krishna, myself.   Vince 
 Rafal,  Dziekuje za artykul. Ksiazka doszla i czytam ja z wielkim zainteresowaniem. Dam Ci znac, kiedy bede w Polsce. Moze uda sie nam spotkac.  Pozdrowienia  Wicek 
 Barbara,  Sorry to have missed the dinner. I had to work on Sunday to prepare for my trip to London this week. I called Jeff about it and he said that he would let you know.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, forward tot he group.  Vince 
 Nick,  My trip to Stanford is on. I shall be glad to meet on Thursday for dinner. You can reach me at my cell phone (713 410 5396) and at vkaminski@aol.com.  Vince 
 Zimin,  CAn you please call him (exploratory interview).  Vince 
 Duane,  I shall be traveling for the rest of the week but my colleague Dr. Zimin Lu will call you to talk about different structures.  Vince 
 Zimin,  Please, call Duane with the info.  Vince 
 Dear Subroto,  Thanks for your message. Here is my information:  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 (713) 410 5396 (cell) Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com   Vince 
 Dear Professor Huntington,  Thursday 10 a.m. works for me. Please, let me know where I can meet you.  I am attaching my itinerary, so that you can contact me if necessary . My cell phone number is 713 410 5396.  Vince Kaminski 
 Gwyn,  Yes, please  go ahead and get a resume book from SAIS.  Vince 
 Norma,  I would like to proceed on two fronts with Sevile (both H1 visa and the Green Card. I shall rather work hard to keep my employees happy here than try to attach them to the job through immigration arrangements. They can see through such arrangements and it de-motivates them.  Vince 
 Jeff,  I fully support Sandeep's request to move Anshuman Srivastav to Houston. I anticipate that we shall be working on Dhabol related issues for the next two years until all the business problems are successfully resolved.  Anshuman is a very capable employee, with the right combination of skills to attack the Dhabol modeling challenge. He understands the Indian markets as well as international fuel markets. He has also a very good grasp of power industry fundamentals and of the technology used at the Dhabol power plant.  Vince 
 Marshall,  A number of my associates. The names are to be determined.  Vince 
 Marshall,  We shall call him on Wednesday after 2:30.  Vince 
 Giuseppe  The dinner is scheduled, as I have mentioned, to you at 7:00 p.m. Wednesday at Il Fornaio, Canaletto Room.  Both you and Eric are welcome to join us.  Vince 
 I encourage everybody very strongly to join other Enron employees at this event. It's a great opportunity to contribute to the growth of our city and to make sure that Enron is not embarrassed  if other energy companies show up in strength.  Vince 
 Celeste,  We shall be happy to take him as an intern (summer asociate).  Vince 
 Valery,  Thanks for the invitation. What is the time frame? I shall be traveling extensively in  March.  Vince 
 Dave,  Thanks. I shall join you there.  Vince 
 steve,  Do you see an intraday bottom?  Vince 
 Sam,  Minor corrections.    Vince 
 Anne,  Thanks for contacting me about this. As a matter of fact, I wanted to talk to  you about it today as this matter was outstanding for a long time.  I think we should go ahead and adjust Gwen to manager, effective March 1. The compensation would be her current base plus 10K. This is what we typically do when we promote an associate to a  manager. Such promotions take place in March and I think Gwen should not be penalized for the inefficiency of her management (i.e. my and Maureen's procrastination).   On unrelated and more serious matter. Gary Hickerson is the primary client for Maureen's services. He communicated to me  a few weeks ago that he is unwilling to underwrite Maureen's position (he is in general unhappy with her contribution). This means that Maureen will have to find another sponsor or leave Enron. Given her abrasive and aggressive personality finding another internal customer will be quite a challenge. Gary volunteered to pay a very generous severance to Maureen from his budget. I would like to talk to you about it when you have a few minutes.  Vince 
 Sam,  Looks fine. I amy have a few small changes on Monday.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Anita,  Done.  Vince 
 Rebecca,  I share some of your concerns regarding Mr. Sud. He is retired and he chose to contact us rather indirectly (or on the spur of the moment). I understand  that things are done differently in different cultures but I did not meet him and could not form my judgment based on personal observations.  However, the information  he gave us seems to be too important not to convey to you and not to act upon.  Vince Kaminski 
 Zimin,  It did not work (start/programs/infobase/fea 2.0.). It looks for a file on my C: drive.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Yes.  Vince 
 Norma,  Any progress on the Green Card for Sevile?  Vince 
 Layla,  My associate's  name is Tanya Tamarchenko. The E-mail address is:  tanya.tamarchenko@enron.com.  Location is the same as mine, Enron, 1400 Smith, Houston.  Thanks  Vince   P.S.  Shirley, please send my bio to Layla 
 Vasant,  Yes, it's perfect. Please, indicate that the wording was unfortunate.  Vince 
 Shirley,  It's an IT request for Sandeep. Please, help.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Greg,  This is the agenda for the recruiting trip to Stanford next week.  Vince 
 Hari,  Thanks. Please, keep me posted about your progress. Any published papers?  We shall send you the printout.  Vince 
 Ian,  Sorry for a delay in getting back to you. I have one challenge I did not anticipate when I talked to you  the first time about our Real Options internal seminar.  The materials were prepared in collaboration with a professor from another school, and there is some  sensitivity regarding the intellectual property rights and the ability to distribute the materials outside Enron.  Please, give me some time to find out if I can work around this issue.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, register me  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, invite Jacob  for an exploratory interciew.  VK, SG, ZL, KP, BL, TT, CS, TH  Vince 
 Adam,  We shall  invite you for an exploratory interview.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, put it on my schedule.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Pam,  Thanks,  Yes, I need the E-mail addresses as well.  Vince 
 Anita,  Remind me to mobilize the group tomorrow for the occasion.  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Sheila,  There were some handwritten changes made by Greg Whalley on the draft.. I am sending you a copy  in a few minutes.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Should we make arrangements for lunch? What about inviting Brad Romine: he was instrumental in forming this relationship?  Vince  Shirley, please include on my calendar. 
 Shirley,  Please, make sure that I follow up on this.  Vince 
 Yannis,  I have looked at the outline of the proposed course and find that practically all the topics of the program are the staple of what we do every day. I don't think Research  should spend money for this class.  If we want to establish a relationship, we can easily do it by asking him to work on a research project.  Vince 
 Sheila,  Some minor differences between the draft and the final executed version. I have forgotten to bring the draft today, I shall send  a copy to you tomorrow. There were some hand-written changes made by Greg ijn the draft that were not transferred to the final version.  Vince 
 Christie, Karen and Mike,  This is info about Texas Finance Festival,  a great opportunity to establish closer ties with Texas business schools. You can contact John directly if you are interested in attending.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Am I registered?  Vince 
 Rehman,  Thanks for you message. My group hires almost exclusively people with background in quantitative disciplines (math, physics) or computer programming.  I shall send your resume to some other units in the company that are looking for people with good skills and experience.  Vince 
 Zimin, Stinson  I think I forwarded the message to you. Did we act on it?  Vince 
 Vincent,  Sorry for a delay in responding to your message. I shall be very glad to write a letter of recommendation. Please, send me the forms.  I hope you are doing OK.  Vince 
 Laura,  We shall have phone interviews with both candidates you brought up to our attention.  Vince 
 Dorothy,  No problem. Please, CC-mail  me Tom's number. One of the members of the group has a PhD in computer science and he will join me for the call.  Vince 
 Duane,  Sorry for the delay in responding to you. I shall get back to you in a day or so.  Vince 
 Zimin,  It seems that the academia is catching up. Do you have a realistic case we can show them? Something generic.  Vince 
 Hari,  I shall send you a reprint of the  article. I had to cancel my presentation at San Antonio.  Vince  Shirley,  Please, send a copy of the article to Hari. 
 Shirley  yes.  Vince 
 Moyez,  I could not access the system.  Vince Kaminski 
 Iris,  I think that your badge has  not been activated for the access to the floor after 7 p.m. or the weekends.  We shall take care of it.  Vince 
 Layla,  A few points.  I shall be glad to attend the reception.  I am falling behind in getting my presentation ready. Sorry for the delay. I can commit to delivering the required number of copies on the day of my presentation (or a day before). I have done it on two occasions before (Power 2000 and Power 1999): the copies were produced by our company Copy Center at no cost to you.  My associate, Tanya Tamarchenko, is helping me with one aspect of the presentation and I would like her to deliver part of my speach. It's only fair to give her the credit when the credit is due.  Is it OK to include her as an additional speaker?  Vince 
 Shirley,  Do you know about it?  Vince 
 Kim,  Yes, the offer is coming. It may take a few days to process it, but you can count on it.  Vince 
 Sam,  Here it is.  Vince       Enron North America Corp. 
 Steve,  Welcome back. Let's have coffee ASAP and review all the projects under way.  Vince 
 Jinbaek,  This is fine though you are welcome to spend more time with us this summer.  Vince 
 Barbara,  I will be glad to join you.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, set up a meeting with me, Nelson and Vasant.  Vince 
 Mike  Take a look at this  http://www.pbs.org/newshour/newshour_index.html#  and go to Paul Solman's report on gas prices. There is a video capsule of El Paso weather report.  Vince 
 Jinbaek,  You can coordinate the details with me. Let me know what the time frame is for you and we shall send you an appropriate offer.  Vince 
 Hello,  Sorry for a delay in getting back to you. We would like very much to offer you a summer internship.  Please, let me know if you are interested.  Vince Kaminski 
 Barbara,  I called Vlady Gorny and explained that the presentation by Jorion is not offered under the umbrella of the  seminar sponsored by Enron and that it is a closed meeting for the School faculty.  I don't think that Enron would open its job interviews to Rice observers who expressed interest and I made this comment to Vlady. He is OK with this.  You can let his program director know that I have explained   to Vlady that it is a meeting for limited audience and that he does not expect to be invited.   Please, let me know the details of the dinners.  Vince 
 Ken,  Please, watch out.  Vince 
 Donna,  FYI  Vince 
 Hi Steve,  I shall call you Friday morning my time.  Vince 
 Hello David,  Coffee early next week would work for me.  Vince 
 Hi Paula,  A friend of mine comes from New York (an interview with Enron on Monday) and he will stay with me on Sunday.  What about a dinner at the bistro?  Vince 
 Vin,  The E-mail address of the person who can help you with a job at San Fran, a brokerage business.   Dad 
 Tani,  Yes, I am aware of it. Thanks for letting me know who is the HR Rep in London.  Vince 
 Bernard,  Yes, I can  read a DVI file. You can also  cc my home address: Vkaminski@aol.com. I shall try to send you an answer to your question on weekend.  Vince 
 Celeste,  I have just talked to Kim. I told her she will receive one.  Vince 
 Celeste,  It seems that the process lasted too long for some students and only Kim Whitsel is interested in the internship at this point.  Her resume has been forwarded to you. I am enclosing it just in case. Thanks for your help.  Vince 
 Bernard,  It seems the msg has been truncated.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Yes, I think I am free. Please, set it up.  Vince 
 Pani Grazyno,  Dziekuje bardzo za wiadomosc. Autor ksiazki przeslal mi egzemplarz. Na pewno skorzystam z okazji, by kupic inne ksiazki Pani wydawnictwa. Any web-site I can access?  W. Kaminski 
 Bernard,  I am forwarding your message to my assistant and she will mail you a reprint. I would be glad to take a look at your dissertation. Is it available as a publication, working paper?  Vince 
 Jack,  This is up to the MBA program. I have no problem if they agreed to it. The only constraint is the space and we shall have to address the issue on Thursday during the first class.  Vince 
 Dennis,  No problem.  Vince 
 Philip,  Thanks. You are the best.  Vince 
 Elena,  Can you, please, help wiht this request?  Kevin,  Please, call me if Elena is not in the office on Wednesday.   Vince 
 Anita,  We have to push Steve's presentation  one week forward. Rick Jones will be completing his presentation.  Vince 
 Julie,  Thanks for the invitation.  Tuesday would work better for me. I came back from California this morning and I am quite exhausted.  What is the number at which I can reach you?  Vince 
 Marek,  Zadzwonie do Ciebie, zeby sie umowic na spotkanie.  Wicek 
 Molly,  Thanks a lot.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Andy,  Thanks. I shall forward  your message to Prof. Ikenberry.  Vince 
 I am sending you the slides from our presentation for Dave Delainey. Please, update the slides, to account for the reorg and growth of the group. I shall represent Maureen.  Please, make decisions about involving additional people in this project.  Vince 
 Andy,  Thanks. I cannot open the file. Is it a Word document?  Vince 
 Anita,  Good decision.  Vince 
 Konstantin,  No problem, as long as the MBA program agrees to it. I need an E-mail from them.  Vince 
 Jinbaek,  Thanks for your message.  We have a number of additional  fascinating projects that you can work on.  As a matter of fact, it would be great to have you here earlier.  Vince 
 Gary,  I got your message.  The best way to proceed is to establish direct communication between you and Julie and negotiate a deal.  Vince 
 Julie,  No answer  yet.  Vince 
 Kristin,  Thanks a lot for the resume. We shall arrange a phone interview with Richard. This is out standard procedure. A phone interview is  followed by the on-site interview, after we determine what is the best team to interview the candidate.   Vince 
 Judy,  Sorry, I cannot help you on this one.  I already cover a number of campuses.   Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Molly,  Please, make arrangements for the interview with this candidate for a  trading position. Interviews with John Lavorato, Jeff Shankman, Gary Hickerson, Stinson Gibner.  I talked to him in New York and he is considering other opportunities, so we have to act fast. I think John will like him more than Punit.    Thanks 
 http://www.thomsonfn.com/stockquote/private/fcgi-bin/tipsheet_ts?group=ts&stq_ tmpl_name=stock_quote.html&ticker=mksi 
 Maureen,  This is the review.  Vince 
 whalley@enron.com  (713) 853-5220  sheila.walton@enron.com 
 Shirley,  Please, arrange a phone interview with Richard. Stinson, myself, Vasant.  Vince 
 Julie,  I  forwarded  your message to the weather desk. I think you can cancel Hyatt and save some money.  Vince 
 Tanya  FYI  Ehud I. Ronn Department of Finance     College and Graduate School of Business University of Texas at Austin Austin, TX. 78712-1179  Phone: (512) 471-5853 Fax  : (512) 471-5073  eronn@mail.utexas.edu   Vince 
 Jeff  My interview with Howard will be scheduled on a different day.   Vince 
 Joe,  This is the most recent offer from Lacima (weather derivatives course). What do you think?   Vince 
 Rachel,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Tanya   713  303 6038 
 Stuart,  I have difficulties opening the attachment. Please, resend as a  .doc file  or  a   .pdf file.  Vince 
 Chaim,  I received a number of phone messages from you. The project is now in the hands of John and I shall be very happy to assist him when he is ready to move. He is looking at the licensing agreement right now.  Till then, I have to wait for him to make  a decision. My role in this project is one of a facilitator, technical consultant.  Vince 
 Jeff,  I cannot interview Howard on Tue (business trip). I think the organization is very interested in him.  I don't know what  "illicts your attention" means.  Vince 
 Rachel,  I would like very much to interview Howard but I am in Philadelphia on Tuesday.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Celeste,  Thanks a lot. Please, let us know whom you are willing to take based on the campus interviews, and I shall absorb the overflow. My experience with the Teams 1 & 3 is that they are outstanding students and we shall be able to offer them a fulfilling summer internship.  Last year we took 8 summer interns into research and all of them very happy with the program.  Vince 
 Phillip,  How can I install new programs on my laptop, without the administrator's privileges?  One example: when I travel I use AOL to get access to my mail and to communicate with the office. Windows 2000 does not allow me to install it.  Also, I have my private statistical software I often use when I work at night during business trips. I would like to load it as well.  Vince 
 Mark,  Thanks. Vince 
 Christie,  Meeting at 5:30 is fine with me. The presentation is at  6:30. I sent you a message regarding a dinner on Tuesday. Can  you join me and Ken Parkhill?  Vince 
 Al,  I left message on Mark's voice mail with the question about his interest in your idea.  Vince 
 Christie,  Look fwd to the trip.  Shirley is sending you my itinerary. When are you flying back? What about a dinner on Tuesday?  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Ken  Thanks  Vince 
 Stinson,  No problem.  Vince 
 Kristin,  The problem with this guy is that we maxed out on the number of interns we can gainfully employ and provide adequate supervision. So, we have to pass on him.   Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Michelle,  The name of the DB Administrator for Enpower is Charlene Fricker, 5-3487. Alex will contact her regarding the access to the curve.  I think it's a problem many layers below Gary Hickerson's level of responsibility and I hope we can handle it without using his valuable time.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Julie,  Enron location makes more sense. No reason to pay for the hotel. Also, I think that one day makes more sense.  I contacted the weather desk about including other people at the training course. I think that they would be interested if they got a good discount.  Vince 
 Mark,  Any further thoughts on the blood bank concept? Please, let  me know if I can be helpful?  Vince 
 John,  Did you have a chance to take a look at his presentation?  Any comments?  Vince 
 Sandeep,  Please,  help Margaret with L1 for Anshuman.  Vince 
 Please, put on my calendar  Vince 
 John,  I think it's a good idea. Please, go ahead and call him directly.  Vince 
 Julie,  That's definitely an option.  We can provide the room. Maybe we can cut with you a special deal for Enron and increase the # of people attending. I am forwarding your message to our weather desk.  Vince  Joe,  What do you think about it?  Vince 
 Papers on hedging for Roberts  58911  Vince 
 Krishna  He wants to meet at 8:30 Friday.  Who can join me for this meeting?  Vince 
 Bob,  Can you help Kristin with interviews on Friday? Please, let me know. You can leave a message on my voice mail.   Vince 
 I shall be traveling. Unable to attend.  Vince Kaminski 
 Jim,  I was on vacation last week. I shall be out Tuesday and Wednesday. What about a call next week?  Vince 
 Larry,  I was thinking about the potential applications over the weekend and I think I shall have a proposal for you in a few days.  Vince  P.S. I want to remind you about the favor I asked you about. We would like to talk (no commitments) to the Prediction Company. Can you refer me to your friend.  Vince 
 Joao,  I shall be traveling Tue and Wed this week. Please, call me at 713 853 3848 on Thursday or Friday.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Krishna,  Please, take a look.  Vince 
 Andy,  Please, give me the number of copies and I can order on your behalf at 15% discount.  Vince 
 Tanya,  Looks good. We  should break it up in 2 parts.  Vince 
 Shawn,  I have met Bogdan a few times socially. He graduated from the same university I went to in Poland.  He seems to be a dynamic and a personable guy. He has experience that may be useful to your group.  Vince 
 Pam,  The term papers arrived at my Internet mailbox. I shall be sending you the information as I make progress reading the papers.  First group of students:  Helen Demianenko Javier Lamas Lynn Nazareth Shauywn Smith Carlos Wheelock Sarah Woody  Grade: A   Please, confirm receipt of this message and please double check that all registered students have been graded (to make sure no student falls through the cracks).   Vince 
 Joe,  I shall probably ask Tanya to attend. It coincides with Parents' Weekend at Stanford. Please, send me the slides anyway.  I shall help Tanya to prepare her presentation.  Vince 
 Steve,  I sold EFS. I think insurance stocks are going up on the hopes of further interest rates cuts.  We bought 100 books.  Yes, please, send me the copy of an article.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Christie,  Shirley reserved room 49C1 for Monday 4:00 p.m.  presentation.  Can you  issue the formal invitation to our guests with the game/dinner details? I don't have all the details regarding the Enron Field box and time. I am out most of the day on Wednesday but we can discuss the details on Thursday.  Hope to see you on Saturday at  the concert.   Vince 
 Niniejszym potwierdzam, ze nastepujacy studenci zlozyli prace dyplomowe:  Jerzy Seremak  PREZENTACJA  INSTRUMENT?W  ANALIZY FINANSOWEJ  JAKO PODSTAWA     OCENY  WYBRANEGO PODMIOTU W  KR?TKIM  I  DLUGIM OKRESIE  CZASU              Ocena: Bardzo dobra   WALDEMAR MR?Z  CONTROLLING W PRZEDSIOBIORSTWIE     Ocena: Bardzo dobra  T. Blach  Analiza wskaznikowa    Ocena: Bardzo dobra   W. Kaminski 
 David,  Please, send me an E-mail with you phone number.  Vince 
 Kristin   This is another member of the Tiger Team I am ready to take as an intern.  We shall have enough work for all of them.  Vince 
 Jennifer,  I cannot attend.  Vince 
 Jeff,  We have video facilities both in Houston and London. We shall invite Howard to visit our office in London again.  Vince 
 Dave,  Both days.  Vince 
 Stuart,  I cannot open your attachment.  Vince Kaminski 
 Chris,  Thanks for the invitation. Yes, I am interested in the training course. I shall call Paul Bristow today. Please, give me some indication  regarding the dates.  Vince  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 (713) 410 5396 (cell) Fax  :      (713) 646 2503 
 http://www.thewoodlands.com/ 
 Stinson,  Let's talk about it at the meeting.  Vince 
 Jeff,  Thanks. We shall try to arrange a video conference with Houston when Howard is back.  Vince 
 David,  It's even better.  Dinner on the 18th works best for me.  I sent your outline to our CFO with my recommendation. I hope to hear shortly from him.  Vince 
 Jeff,  We shall continue talking to Howard when he comes back from NYC. I shall set up an interview with him.  Vince 
 Jason,  Yes, I cannot open it.  Vince 
 Grzegorz,  Ludmila doniosla mi, ze pracujesz w Kalifornii.  Bede w Berkeley w srode i w Palo Alto w czwartek i piatek.  Czy masz czas, by spotakc sie na obiad/lunch/kawe?  Pozdrowienia  Wicek 
 Marek,  Jestem w trakcie organizacji programu interview w Houston. Musze skoordynowac plany 3 - 4 osob, ktore powinny Cie spotkac.  Wicek 
 FYI  Vince 
 Stinson,  FYI  Vince 
 Rick,  We are using  SAS.  I am glad you can speak at our lunch meeting on Feb 15.  Vince 
 Alyse,  2 more names.  Please, let Kristin know we can take all these Wharton students.  Vince 
 http://www.latimes.com/business/reports/power/lat_gas010204.htm 
 Ian,  I shall ask our lawyer to prepare a standard non-disclosure agreement.  As soo as it is executed, I shall send you a copy of the binder.  Please, don't distribute it: It's an internal document.  By the way, when is your trip?  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Andy,  I am sending you a draft oof a proposal regarding national forum for top finance practitioners and academics. The idea came from a professor at Rice University who has already received a commitment from a number of most distinguished CFOs.  Please, read the outline and see if you would be interested in joining this forum. I shall be glad to help to arrange  a meeting with Prof. Ikenberry.  Vince 
 John,  HTML version of Enron article:   Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Kristin  Another Tiger.  Vince 
 Vince  One of the tigers  Vince 
 Ken, Tom,  Can you, please, forward the evaluation forms to our guests?  Vince 
 Dan,  I am sending you a resume of one of my compatriots who lives in Houston. I met him socially a few times.  He graduated from the same university I did.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Transmission is my 1st choice.  Vince 
 David,  I expect I shall be able to move a very significant amount of  dollars into my ML account soon.  I hope you will treat me well.  Vince 
 Mark,  This is the latest draft (Fri afternoon), of the paper by John Martin from Baylor. Please, review the draft from the point of view of our PR policy. I shall read it as well.  Vince 
 Sid,   Please, feel free to call me if you hae any questions.  Vince  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com 
 Rick,  I shall ask my assistant  to schedule a meeting early next week.  Vince 
 Vasant,  I agree.  Vince 
 Elsa,  Thanks for the invitation. I shall be glad to join you. Please, send me the details.   Vince 
 Rick,  I think you are sending an encrypted message.  Vince 
 http://www.anderson.ucla.edu/acad_unit/finance/workpaper2.htm#wp_author 
 Stinson,  Option 2 would be acceptable.  Vince 
 Molly,  Kim Watson would like us to bring Jacob for another interview. We can do it later this week.  Vince    Vince 
 Frank,  I have on my laptop. It's easier to send it from home. What is your E-mail address. Please cc to vkaminski@aol.com.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI  Vince 
 Rick,  It did not work.  Vince 
 Zimin,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Rick,  I could not open the message.  Vince 
 Julie,  I am like the godfather.  I shall ask you to return the favor one day.  The address is:  steven.leppard@enron.com   Vince 
 David,  Sounds like a safe bet.  Vince 
 O:\Research\Common\FROM_WJK\CERA 
 Zimin,  Please, take a look at it. I think we should download the update.  Vince 
 Stinson,  We have to let him know that he should get the update.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Panie Tomaszu,  Prosze poinformowac kolegow, ze przesle moje uwagi do niedzieli.  W. kaminski 
 Yes,  I shall be glad to make a presentation. Thanks for considering me.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Who is handling this software?  Vince 
 Kristin,  Yes, we would like very much to have her as a summer intern. I can take her ino my group.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 John.  I want to ask you for a favor. Can you help this fellow (who is negotiating a contract with John Wiley by giving him some advice?  Vince 
 Steve,  Thanks. I printed the fundamental info last night and will wait for the open.  I negotiated a few contracts for  Enron's contribution to a book (Enron was a sponsor).  It's not the same as negotiating as an author.  You can call a friend of mine, John Martin, and he will be able to help you.  Vince  John D. Martin Carr P. Collins Chair in Finance Baylor University, Finance Department PO Box 98004 Waco, TX 76798 Phone: (254) 710 4473 (o) 4474 (sec) (254) 757 0852 (Home) Fax  : (254) 710 1092 (Fax) J_Martin@Baylor.edu http://hsb.baylor.edu/html/martinj/home.html 
 Please, put on my schedule.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Any resolution on this one?  Vince 
 Steve,  I am glad you feel better.  Please, let Debbie know that she should not hesitate to call on me or Paula (or the rest of he Woodlands crowd if she needs help).   Vince 
 Julie,  There are many employees in London  who would be interested. You can send  an inquiry to Steve Leppard.  I had a presentation last night to GARP in Houston and did a commercial for the book. You should put me on commission.  Vince 
 Scott,  Please, take a look at this resume.   Vince 
 Kim,  I talked to Dale early this morning and suggested that we meet during his next trip to Houston when we decide on timing of our project.  Vince 
 Articles 
 No, no updates.  Vince 
 Paula,  I cannot open the attachment.  Vince 
 Ludmila,  Skontaktowalem sie z autorem ksiazki i obiecal mi wyslac  ja na moj adres.  Wicek 
 Rafal,  Dziekuje. Jarek Dybowski, nasz pracownik, przeslal mi Twoj URL.  Wicek 
 Jeff,  Correction. Tom Costantino's  phone number:  Phone: (713) 680 8687 (h)  My previous message had a typo.  Vince 
 Shalesh,  A good idea.  I shall forward it to the AG traders.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, send Johan (address below) the info how to get to the building.   Vince 
 Jason,  You should know what these terms mean.  Let's get both.  Vince 
 Jeff,  It seems that NYMEX will not make a decision any time soon or they rejected Tom. I think the latter is the case.  Tom is looking for a trading or origination job with Enron. I think that we can use his expertise here.  Vince 
 Geoff,  You have very beautiful daughters. You must be a very proud father.  I shall try to attend a few sessions of the CERA conference. You can also call me when you are in Houston and we can meet for dinner and/or drinks.  Vince 
 Jeff,  My associates  are leaving for London tonight (Monday). They can still interview Howard on Tuesday afternoon.  Vince 
 Giselle,   Thanks. We want to send him flowers.  Please, let me know when he is transferred to a regular room: I don't think he can receive flower at the ICU.  Vince 
 Jeff, Greg and John,  Our old friend Tom Costantino is interested in coming back to Enron. It seems that his move to NYMEX either will not happen or will not happen for some time.  You can contact him at home:  Phone: (713) 860 8687 (h)  Vince 
 Li,  Can you forward it to the team.  Vince 
 Ken  A tour would be great (after 10:30, if they can make it).  Please, let Shirley know about the meeting.  Vince 
 Rafal,  Dziekuje za odpowiedz. Bede bardzo wdzieczny za ksiazke:  Wincenty Kaminski 10 Snowbird The Woodlands, TX 77381 Phone: (281) 367 5377 Cell : (713) 898 9960  Wicek 
 Mike,  Following request has been made for a number of people.  The access requested is: o:\research\power meteorology\weather temperatures - Read/Write Data Approval  Grant  This is what I wrote, denying the request:  The reason for the rejection has been communicated  several times. The person who requested the access does not want it any more.  Granting both read/write access could threaten the integrity of the data.   Any comments?  Vince 
 Clayton,  No problem. I asked Shirley to reschedule.  Vince      Clayton Vernon @ ENRON 01/29/2001 12:38 AM 
 Shirley,  Please, rescheduule.  Vince 
 Julie,  We received the shipment of 50 books. Thanks.  The book was an instant hit. We need 50 more books.  Vince  P.S. I understand Paul sent you the check for the remaining 50% 
 FYI  Vince 
 Shirley,  We want to invite him for an interview, THU, 1-5. Interviews with KP, SG, VK, GK, BR, Molly, CS, Dan Rack.   Vince 
 What is the top grade at Rice: A?  Vince 
 Johan,  Please, confirm the interview on Thursday next week, 1-5.  Vince 
 Dave,  Did you call Mark Koening?  He expected  your call as of Fri noon when he left a message on my voice mail.  Vince 
 Rabi,  You and Tanya  should go ahead with the course you have already registered for. I have just mentioned it  FYI.  I don't see too many problems  with the  course Stinson may help to arrange. The alternative course can be scheduled on premises, late in the day and distributed over longer  time period.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Makes perfect sense. Per head cost is much lower. We shall have enough candidates.  Vince 
 Pam  Thanks  Yes, please, send me the E-mail addresses.  Vince 
 http://ecthou-webcl1.corp.enron.com/research/Index.html 
 Kevin.  Thanks.  I am working on the distribution list and the cover letters.  Vince 
 Al,  Thanks for the update. I hope that you and Mark will come up with a good plan of attack.  I can only regret that my workload does not allow me to participate in this project.   Vince 
 Frank,  Yes.  Vince 
 Rachel,  Vasant Shanbhogue and Tanya Tamarchenko from my group will be in London next week. They can meet Howard.  Vince 
 Sheridan,  I have just checked with RAC (David Gorte) and we have a green light to go ahead with the project. I shall you tomorrow to discuss the details.  Vince 
 Bryan,  Did you have a chance to take a look at the resume I sent you? He looked like a great guy for your group.  Vince 
 David,  A reminder. We discussed a few days ago a consulting arrangement with Prof. Sheridan Titman from UT. Any feedback from Rick Buy? Please, let me know.  Vince 
 Darrell,  Thanks a lot. A quick question: we haven't received your invoice for the last few model / paper reviews. Please, make sure that we are billed.  Clewlow/Strickland book is out. I shall send you a copy today.  Vince 
 Al,  I have spoken with Mark Lay and he is interested. Even if we cannot help you here in Enron, he may be able to put you in touch with other CV groups in town.  Please, call him directly and give my name as a reference. (713) 853-7408  Good luck.  Vince 
 Martin,  No problem. Please, ask Stinson as well.  Vince 
 Johan  My apologies for getting back to you with a delay.  We shall be interested in talking to James. Please, let me know if:  1. You have an umbrella agreement with Enron 2. Can we contact James directly, or should we work through you.  Vince 
 Al,  I have called Mark Lay and left a message on his voice mail.  Vince 
 Dale,  I can reserve 2 to 2:30 time slot  but there  is really not much that I can tell you at this point.  The commercial groups are still interested and are moving towards the test of the package.  As soon as they will decide to move ahead, we (Research) shall be involved, helping to evaluate the product. As I have  said, we are not the decision makers in this case.  I think that we should allow simply the process to run its course.  Vince 
 Candice,  Maureen was sick for the last few days. When she comes back, I shall ask her to start the process regarding a formal offer for you.  Vince 
 Neil,  I would like to apologize for the confusion regarding Anshuman. We have floated a number of possible scenarios regarding his trip to Houston and there was a lot of confusion regarding the terms (given that I was talking to Sandeep every few days).  Currently, we expect Anshuman to come   to Houston for one month to work on the DPC  project (at Jeff Shankman's request). The lawyers advised me that we need an L1  visa  for him, irrespective of the duration of  his stay.  Sorry for the confusion.  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361 Phone: (713) 853 3848 Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com 
 What about 9:30. I have a dentist appointment at 7:45 but I should get to the office by 9:30.  Vince 
 Molly,  Thanks for the update. Two points.  Please, let Neil McGregor know that many possible proposals were floated with regard to Anshuman and there was some noise in the system. We need L1 visa anyway and we decided to go ahead an arrange it. I shall also write to him and explain the confusion.  Also, if I have the choice between upsetting Neil or Jeffs (Shankman and Skilling), I shall choose Neil.  Vince      Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI  Vince 
 Soussan,  Thanks. See you at 6:30.  Vince 
 Melinda,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Carrie,  We have invited the team to dinner Thursday, 7:00 p.m. Would you loike to join us?  Vince 
 Molly,  We want to hire this very bright young man as a part-time employee, reporting to Mike Roberts. Mike will be contacting you regarding the details.  Vince 
 Aysu  Please, send the resume to me.  Vince 
 Soussan,  Nice to hear from you. Dinner on Wednesday, Jan 31 would be great. Please, let me know where you are going to stay.  Vince 
 Steve,  What about coffee at 10, Thu?  Vince 
 Christie,  Feb the 20th is the best time for me.  Vince 
 Craig,  This is a resume I have received. He does not fit my group. Any interest?   Vince 
 Steve,  What about Thu?  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Steve,  Sign-off from the Research Group is something that requires defining formal rules going forward.  My concern over the last few years was that we were asked on many occasions to sign - off on partial results of valuation, without the benefits of a full picture. Sometimes, we were asked to sign-off on trade ideas, over which we have no control long-term.  I shall talk to Rick Buy and David Port about setting up more formal rules for the Research sign-off.  Vince 
 Steve,  I was delayed on my wait out. I probably hit the stop at 6:15.  Let me buy you a coffee this afternoon. What about 2:00?  Vince 
 Debbie,  This is an update on the continuing Winston saga. Tanya identified the sections of the code that produce inefficiencies but the rest is in the Winston's hands.  Steve Stock is very cooperative and takes a very rational, Enron-first approach to the problem. Privately, my concern is that the code, based on Tanya's report to me, leaves a lot to be desired. The code tends to be a very mechanical implementation of the algorithm, developed without a series attempt to optimize it.  Let's keep paddling along.  Vince 
 Steve,  Around 6:00 p.m.  Vince 
 Francesca,  It was nice meeting you in San Antonio. An article from FT on IPOs in case you missed it.   Vince Kaminski 
 Mike,  We are short manpower in London. We shall try to evaluate the software in Houston.  Vince 
 David,  I am an adjunct professor at Rice. Can I get access to EMBANET?  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com 
 Please, put it on my schedule.  Vince 
 Kathy,  What is EMBANET? Do I have access from the outside?   Vince Kaminski 
 Vasant,  No problem.  Vince 
 Steve,  Please, let  me know when you come back. I have detected a tendency to implement different approaches to valuation in the past.  To some extent, it reflects the absence of formal rules for sign-off on the valuation techniques which, in turn, reflects,  the turf wars and the desire by the originators to control the outcomes.  Vince 
 John,  Thanks for the article. I was off for the last few days and I ma catching up with my mail. I shall call you during the next few days.  Vince 
 Kristin.  Kim is a member of the Tiger Team. She is interested in a summer internship with Enron and I shall be glad to take her.  Vince 
 FYI  The list of the delegates from Petronas.  Vince Kaminski 
 Vasant,  What do you think?  He may be expensive.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Norma,  I am sending you an Excel spreadsheet with proposed merit and equity increases.  I have slightly exceeded the merit quota. The equity increases address two issues: retention and and an error in setting a salary at hiring (I tend to be too stingy).  Please, let me know if there are any questions. I am forwarding a copy of the spreadsheet to my home address so I can work on it tonight, if necessary.  Vince 
 Marc,  Thanks for the invitation. I shall attend.  Vince Kaminski Enron 
 David,  I am  sending you the questions submitted by Petronas for our meeting on Feb 8.  Are you going to invite additional RAC people to the meeting (Bill Bradford would be helpful with credit questions, Bjorn may be interested as well).  Vince 
 Steve,  Thanks.  I got out of my LU positions last week.  What do you think of MOT, NT and TXN? Thinking about jumping in after a big drop.  Vince 
 Anita,  Please, catch me tomorrow to talk about it.  Vince 
 Steve,  I can order the books at 15%  discount. I am sending you 4 copies today and will be glad to order  more on your behalf.  Vince 
 Molly,  Thanks. Let's wait for Sandeep: he comes back Wednesday. Anshuman will work with him.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Norma,  It seems that there is a bug in the system. I made an error  mixing equity and merit raises in one column. The system does not allow me to correct the mistake by moving the entries from one column to another. I can enter the changes, but after I save them the system  reverts to original  designations.  As a result, the columns contain mixed entries related to merit and equity raises. The column totals are misleading.  I am taking a CSV version home to continue making adjustments. I shall work at home Monday (281 367 5377).   Vince 
 Zimin  What about Paulo?  Vince 
 Iris,  Tom Gros is the person who can  help.  Vince 
 Vasant,  FYI  Vince 
 Stinson,  Can you ask Alex and Tanya to interview this guy? I wan to make a recommendation to Celeste based on an this interview.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Molly,  I shall ask Sandeep to do it when he comes back from India next week. I have just learned that Anshuman has B1 visa and he can start on a project as a person delegated by Dhabol Power Company to Houston. To be absolutely above the line, I would still arrange the L1 visa.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Molly,  Let's get L1 for Anshuman, just in case. I am sure he will stay here for a while once  he comes. It is quite obvious Jeff Shankman will have to keep him longer, given the priority of the project.  I assume there are no problems with Sandeep.  Thanks.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Molly,  This is an update on Anshuman. Please, see below. It seems that his transfer is not an issue for the time being.  We can put it on a back-burner till he gets here.  Vince  P.S. The relevant section.  I also spoke about Anshuman, and there was resistance to his leaing for such a long time.  However, I have agreement from folks here to send him to Houston for a shorter stint on DPC budget.  I will try to finalize that before I leave.  I will call you in the evening to just chat. 
 Steve,  No problem. It was a very short meeting (most people were out). Yes, I will be in Houston during the week of the conference. See you in Austin and in Houston.  Vince 
 Dziekuje za szybka  odpowiedz. Czy mozliwa jest platnosc czekiem?  Jako alternatywne rozwiazanie prosze podac mi cene w zlotych i moja rodzina w kraju dokona przelewu.  Prosze o kopie odpowiedzi na adres:  vkaminski@aol.com.  Dziekuje.  W. Kaminski 
 Eugenio,  Done.  Vince 
 Khairuddin,  Yes, it's correct. We have experienced problems replying to a number of messages sent by your organization (not just your E-mail address). I shall send you the list of people who will attend the meeting at a later day. We shall have representatives from the crude and LNG trading desks, research and risk control.  Could you, please, resend me the list of your delegates.  Vince  I have invited a number 
 Clayton,  Great news. I would like to sit down with you, Tom and Stinson and review where we are with  this project. Also, I would like to talk to you about your status (finalizing the transfer to another group).  Vince      Clayton Vernon @ ENRON 01/18/2001 03:21 PM 
 Bryan  Please, take a look at the resume of Howard Haughton. He looks like an answer to your prayers. It's the first attachment.  Vince  P.S. Jeff, the headhunter, can be reached at (949) 813 2241. Please, set up the interview, if interested, through him. 
 Jeff,  Please, take a look at the resume I got from my friend.  Vince  P.S. what follows is a copy of his message to me:  Dear Vincent,  I very much would like to ask you for a career advice. I am looking for new challenges and new professional opportunities. Possibly there would be such opportunity around yourself  at Enron Corporation.  I trust that my strongest asset is my intellectual capital and ability to look from new angles into complex issues. Beside of the experience of working under Jacob Goldfield an Paul Jacobson at Goldman on the interest rate swaps and proprietary desks, I was a part of research effort of John Meriwether group at Salomon Brothers, I headed the European interest options desk at DKBI in London and I have managed a small hedge fund in partnership with Albert Friedberg.  I hold Ph.D. in mathematics from MIT and I have studied under Nobel Laureate in Economics, Bob Merton.  I very much would like to apply my knowledge of capital markets, trading and research in the field of energy markets.  With my very best regards and personal wishes,  Mark Kierlanczyk Godel Partners LLC 67 Wall Street, Suite 1901 New York, NY 10005 Tel 212 943 5300 mkierlanczyk@fmginy.com 
 John,  This is a resume I received today from  my friend. Please, take a look at it. What follows below is a copy of his message to me:   Dear Vincent,  I very much would like to ask you for a career advice. I am looking for new challenges and new professional opportunities. Possibly there would be such opportunity around yourself  at Enron Corporation.  I trust that my strongest asset is my intellectual capital and ability to look from new angles into complex issues. Beside of the experience of working under Jacob Goldfield an Paul Jacobson at Goldman on the interest rate swaps and proprietary desks, I was a part of research effort of John Meriwether group at Salomon Brothers, I headed the European interest options desk at DKBI in London and I have managed a small hedge fund in partnership with Albert Friedberg.  I hold Ph.D. in mathematics from MIT and I have studied under Nobel Laureate in Economics, Bob Merton.  I very much would like to apply my knowledge of capital markets, trading and research in the field of energy markets.  With my very best regards and personal wishes,  Mark Kierlanczyk Godel Partners LLC 67 Wall Street, Suite 1901 New York, NY 10005 Tel 212 943 5300 mkierlanczyk@fmginy.com 
 Jarek,  Dziekuje za informacje.  Ksiazka wyglada interesujaco. Czy moglbys kupic mi jedna kopie i wyslac to do Houston (FedEx lub DHL)? Mozesz obciazyc moje RC: CO# is 0413, and RC# is 107043.  Jaki jest Twoj numer telefonu? Zadzwonie do Ciebie i mozemy porozmawiac o o tym , co sie dzieje na rynku i w firmie.  Wicek 
 Karen,  I shall attend the conference, both days.  Vince Kaminski 
 Khairuddin,  I am glad you received the fax. I shall send you the list of Enron's participants at a later date. I have invited a numbers of  Enron employees representing our different business units, including LNG and crude trading, risk controls group and research.  Vince Kaminski 
 Celeste,  I am a very good customer of your group.  This is another student (this time from Chicago) I would be glad to take into the group as an intern. The resume is attached at the bottom of this message.  Vince 
 Vasant,  I shall take 2 thin  mints and one apple cinnamon.  Vince 
 JIm,  Yes, I would be very interested.  Vince 
 Pam,  Thanks. The list of E-mail addresses would be useful as well.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Becky,  We proably need to meet for a few minutes to explain the way I estimated charges.  Vince 
 Kristin,  I shall be tied up with the Wharton group all day Friday. I am forwarding the message to some members of the Research Group. I hope some of them will be available.  Vince  P.S. To the Research Group. Can you, please, help Kristin?    Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI  Vince 
 Angela,  Thanks for your message. I shall be glad to attend the conference, both days. I shall call Dr. Ronn to discuss my participation.  Vince Kaminski 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Ron,  FYI  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, put it on my schedule.  Vince 
 Vincent,  I have forwarded the resume to our Analysts / Associate pool with a recommendation to accept David as a summer intern.  I expressed interest in taking him into my group. He may, of course, work for a different unit of Enron. It's up to him and I shall not be offended if he would like to go into trading or deal origination.  Vince 
 Celeste,  I am sending you the resume of David Gershenson, an MBA student from Wharton. He is interested in a summer internship with Enron and I shall be glad to take him.  Vince 
 Christie,  John Henderson committed in principle to speaking to the Tigers. Please, send him the location info and conform the time (2:00 p.m.).  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, try the E-mail address below.  Vince   --------------- 
 Hi John,  You have a very attractive family. You must be a very  proud father and husband.  Vince 
 John,  I am sending you an old write-up on the risk management system. This is for "your eyes only", though this info is out already. Some people left the company and also the consultants who audited the model use these ideas.   Vince 
 Richard,  Thanks for the invitation. I have already made another commitment but it's conditional on a few  related events (friends of friends coming to town). If the other event is canceled, I shall be glad to join you. I shall let you know in a few days.   Vince 
 Dale,  Please, call me on Tuesday. My morning schedule is full but I am open in the afternoon.  Vince 
 Molly,  Yes, March 1 would work.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Khairuddin,  Thanks for your message. The fax has been sent.  Vince 
 Steve,  My E-mail is vkamins@enron.com Thanks for the tip.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, invite her for an interview. Myself, Stinson, Maureen.  Vince 
 Hi Kim,  I don't see any problem. For the time being, he can keep his desk on the 19th floor as well ( and the same phone number). It will be helpful when he has to work closely with Krishna under time constraint.  At some point, as we hire more people and run out of space, we can move him completely to your floor.  Please, ask your assistant to call Shirley and arrange the move.   Vince 
 Sally,  Congratulations.  Vince 
 Julie,  Thanks.  Also, as a follow up: did you receive the check from Paul Quilkey?   Vince 
 Remove 
 Robert,  Absolutely. This is a critical situation. Vince 
 Seth,  Thanks for the resume. Please, call my assistant, Shirley Crenshaw, 3-5290, to set up a meeting.  Vince 
 Osman,  Vasant is setting up a meeting to review the credit models with EES. Please, call-in or attend when the meeting is set.  Vince 
 I would like to invite you to a meeting with Jeff Shankman on Tuesday January 16, 3:30 p.m.  at Jeff Shankman's office.  We are meeting to plan the agenda for the Tiger Team, a group of about 20 Wharton School students visiting Enron.  A Wharton  tiger team works through a semester on a special project, proposed by a corporation. The team sponsored by Enron works on project regarding the impact of electronic trading on the energy markets. The semester long project will result in a report that will be submitted to Enron for review and evaluation. I hope that  you will find this report useful.  We have invited our tiger team to visit Enron. The students will arrive on Thursday, January 18, and will spend Friday at Enron. I would appreciate if you could find 30 minutes on Friday to talk to the students.  The meeting with Jeff on Tuesday  should not last longer than 10-15 minutes.  Vince 
 Norma,  Thanks for your help.  My phone numbers are 713 410 5396 (cell, always on)  or 281 367 5377 (home).  Vince 
 Tony,  No problem.  Vince 
 Berney I fully agree. I don't want any complications after I leave Enron. Please, ask Jim Fallon to ask more specific letter. I am out Thu. Thanks, Vince --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Test 
 10:00  Sat 
 Walt,  I have set up a meeting with Bob Williams, Enron lawyer, to discuss the issue of indemnification. The meeting is at 8:30, old Enron building. Let's meet in the lobby of the building (the old building, the bigger one) at 8:15.  Please, confirm.  Vince 
 Hill,  I shall be with Enron till January 31st. I shall be glad to join you at this meeting and chat about my plans.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Did we send this one?  Vince 
 Congratulations  Vince 
 Shirley, What is the stock price of ENE? --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Any change? --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Kevin,  Thanks a lot. I received it.  Vince 
  Shirley,  Please forward the following message to the Research Group.  ***************************************************************************  Thank you for the gift and the card I received on Friday on the occasion of the Bosses' Day.  I am very proud to be part of this great research team.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, send a bio to Andreas.  Vince 
 John,  I am not sure if I have already sent you this resume. Please, take a  look at it. I met Claude a few years ago and was greatly impressed by him. He may be a good candidate to work with Andy Zipper.  Vince 
 Rakesh,  I have informed Ryan Siurek (cc Rick Buy) on Oct 4 that I cannot sign off on any analysis done by our group without looking at full set of legal documents related to the LJM transactions. Those documents were not provided and therefore we cannot sign off on any analysis done in the past.  I have come to a conclusion that we cannot support the valuations based on verbal and often conflicting information, without doing  full due diligence.  Feel free to provide the information to Kimberly but, please, inform her I cannot support the quantitative analysis we have done in the past. I am especially concerned about the conflict between the existence of the restriction and the existence of a put that are, in my view, mutually exclusive.   Vince 
 Zimin,  Yes, it wasn't easy. Thanks for stepping in on such a short notice.  Vince 
 Mike,  What would be the best starting date? Your call. He can cover the Dec 25  shift.  Vince 
 Steve,  I will talk to Greg in 25 minutes about it. They sent a proposal.  Vince 
 Gwyn,  It's very thoughtful of you but you should go ahead and continue the lessons.  Vince 
 Remi,  FYI. I shall send you the summary of action items later today.  Vince 
 Luigi,  No problem. We shall be glad to have you as an associate. What about a lunch next week?  Vince 
 Angelika,  I shall be honored to serve as a chairman.  Vince 
 Angelika,  Working on it.  Vince 
 Where? I am in a meeting. Vince --------------------------vince kaminski 
 I may run afew minslate. Ninfa's? --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Where do we go? 8 may be few mins late. Vince --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Chris,  I shall get a copy of the book on Monday and will get a copy of the paper  for you.  Vince 
 Jeff,  Congratulations and good luck.  It's comforting that there is somebody who can recognize insanity when he sees it.  Vince 
 Sevil,  Yes. Plz subscribe.  Let me know if you see something interesting.  Vince 
 John,  He travels periodically to Houston. I may inquire about his next trip.  If you want to speak to him urgently, I can arrange a phone interview or invite him to Houston.  Vince 
 John,  Additional info. He prefers Houston.  Vince 
 Al,  Look forward to meeting you.  Next week, Monday through Wednesday would work for me. I shall be traveling for the rest of that week.  Vince 
 Mac,  I am glad I did not fail you completely. As you know by now, we have hit some turbulence and I had to stay in Houston.  Vince 
 Al,  Confirmed. 7:00 would work better for me.  Vince 
 Tony,  It was a very hectic period. I shall catch you one day and give you an update.  Vince 
  Shirley,  Please, set up a phone interview:  ZL TT KP   Vince 
 Test  vkaminski@aol.com 
 Remi, Dave:   First of all I want to thank you for your hospitality and to apologize for a delay in responding to you. It was quite a tumultuous week and the turbulence continues.  The outline of commitments with the information on what I have done to jumpstart the process.  1.	Review of the CEPEL model / simplified model. Chonawee started the review process, with the help of our two native Portuguese speakers. Less complicated/faster to run model will follow.  2.	SDDP. As you know Tom Halliburton is in Norway this week. They put their grimy fingers on him first. He will be back next week and will help you  to set up the SDDP runs. He even volunteer to stay on the job for a few days longer to help you with the project.  3.	Transmission modeling. Martin Lin will call Dave to jumpstart the process.  4.	Zimin will call David regarding swing option model, option pricing models for non-standard distributions and truncated distributions.  5.	Cooperation with the SA University in the area of the weather research Remains to be discussed with Jose and Mike.   Vince 
 Vasant, Can u stop at the office on the way home. New building, 4th floor, near Ray Bowen's office. Vince --------------------------vince kaminski 
 =20 
 David,  She was a student at Rice University who took my class. A very smart person. Has this position been posted by  your group?  Vince 
 Helen,  I have forwarded my recommendation to the person who  posted this position.  Vince 
 Shijie,  My apologies for the delay. As you know we have hit some turbulence here at Enron and I was quite busy.  The title of the talk:   Measurement of  Volatility in the Energy Markets:  1. Importance  of volatility in financial engineering a. option pricing b. risk management c. legacy software systems  2. Is volatility the right tool for energy markets?  3. The dynamics of energy prices in the US markets in recent years: a few stylized facts  4. Alternative theoretical tools to represent price dynamics: the importance of dialogue between academics and practitioners   Also, can you give me some indication of the timing of different meetings?  Vince 
 Sam I asked Maureen to write on my behalf.  Vince --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Kevin,  Plz expense the cake. It's very thoughtful of you.  Vince 
 Bill,  Delayed congratulations.  Vince 
 Peter,  Thank you for the invitation. Unfortunately, I have to decline. I am attending another conference at the same time  Vince 
 James,  I am sorry to inform you that we are unlikely to be hiring in the next 4-6 months.  Vince 
 It worked   Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Shirley,   vkamins   Vince 
 Brian,  What about the weekend? I am in Atlanta Thursday.  Vince 
 Shijie,  Thanks. This is my itinerary.  The flight arrives relatively early. Can we schedule an early dinner (let's say 5:30 or 6:00 p.m)?  Vince 
 PAGE=LAWRESEARCH: LAW FIRM DIRECTORY H REFERRER=http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&q=Heller%2C+Herman%2C+White++%26+law PLATFORM=Microsoft Internet Explorer 4.0 (compatible; MSIE 5.01; Windows NT 5.0) LOADING_TIME=0.421 seconds SUBMITTER= 
 Jim,  Thanks for your patience. Greg is quite busy right now. I saw him this morning and  told him that I would like to schedule a separate meeting to discuss your proposal. Hopefully, this will happen later this week.  I am forwarding your request to Jay Webb who is in charge of the EOL system.  I shall let you know as soon as I can if we can give you a visitor account.  Vince 
 Jay,  Jim from Prediction Company inquired about a visitor account. Can we give it to him?  Vince 
 Ed,  Thanks for your message. I appreciate your kind words and your concern.  I cannot open the file you sent me. Can you resend it as a .doc or .pdf file?   Vince 
 Ed,  Can you resend it?  The first file you sent may have been corrupted.  Vince 
 Ed  No attachments are coming through. Can you send a new msg starting from scratch?  Vince 
 Ed,  713 646 2503.  The file comes across as winmail.dat   not as a .doc file or a  .pdf file. It happens in the case of some E-mail systems: the files get encoded and then they don't get decoded correctly.  Vince 
 Ed,  I got your fax.  Thanks for your kind words about Enron. Every business hits turbulence from time to time but I am not losing sleep over it.  I am a bit concerned about the last two paragraphs and references to LTCM and MG. I am afraid they can be taken out of context and misinterpreted.  Thanks 
 Thanks. Vince --------------------------vince kaminski 
 John,  Everything is fine. I am quite busy but as always I enjoy reading your articles. Always learning something from you.  Vince 
 Test  Vince 
 Yvan,  I shall find out who was trying to reach you. It will help if your uncle knows all the details (your cell number, etc.)  Vince 
 Mark,  FYI. Ed Krapels is well known in the industry and has many followers. He likes  Enron and has always had a good relationship with us. Would you like to use his help to present our agenda to the energy industry.  Vince 
 Ed,  Thanks. I have forwarded your message to Mark Palmer, our press spokesman. He has a full plate, as you might expect, but I strongly suggested  that he should get in touch with you.  Vince 
 Michelle,  Thanks for your help. The name of the employee I talked about is Krishnarao, Pinnamaneni.  Vince 
 Michelle,  It was based on work needs, exceptional talent.  Vince 
 Zimin,   Please, check if you can open.  Vince 
  Krishna, FYI 
 Brian,  What about drinks after work on Friday?  There is a festival of Polish films and you are welcomed to join us later on Friday at 7:00 at the Angelica Movie Center.  Please, cc vkaminski@aol.com. I am off to Atlanta tonight.  Vince 
 Brian  Check Forum Polonia Houston on Internetm Google will take you right to the site.  See you n Friday.  Vince. --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Shirley   Plz fwd to Krishna  Vince --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Shirley  Plz let Angelika know Zimin will do workshop as well. Where is the stock price? Vince --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Gretchen,  Thanks. My size is medium.  Vince 
 Traci,  I have visited Georgia Tech on Thursday. One of the students indicated that he is interested in a summer internship. He came across as a very bright person, very personable.  I can take him as a summer intern.  Vince 
 Todd,  Thanks for the opportunity to speak at the conference. It was a great pleasure to see you again.  Zimin Lu briefed me about Tuesday and Wednesday and told me the presentations were very interesting.  Vince 
 Praveen,  Monday (1/21), 11 p.m. is confirmed.  Vince 
 Angelika,  Sorry for a short notice but unexpected is part of the corporate life. Zimin will cover both my presentation and the workshop - he is a very good speaker and I am sure he will do a better job that I could do.  Vince 
 Gayle,  I got home quite late last night. Here is the title of the presentation:  Volatility of Energy Prices in the US Markets. Implications for Market and Credit Risk Management.   Vince 
  FYI   Vince 
 Brian,  What about meeting around 5:50 - 6:00 p.m. at the Angelica Movie Center on Smith. There is an underground parking between Smith and Louisiana and the movie theater will validate your parking ticket.  There are several bars at the center.  The movie starts at 7:00 with some boring speeches. Saturday should be more interesting - it's a comedy day.  Vince 
 Hee Jung,  Thanks. Do you have your resume by any chance? I could keep it on file for future reference.  Vince 
 FYI  vince 
 Brian,  See you at Cabo.  Vince 
 Paula,  I am forwarding you the resume of Marilyn Mielke. She is a very highly educated and accomplished person. She has a background in science but no skills required in my group. I was impressed with her excellent communication and social skills - maybe she can help in your area.  She was knocking on the Enron's door for a long time.  Vince 
 Traci:  I am forwarding you the resume of Marilyn Mielke. She is a very highly educated and accomplished person. She has a background in science but no skills required in my group. I was impressed with her excellent communication and social skills - maybe she can acquire necessary skills going through the Analyst/Associate program.  She was knocking on the Enron's door for a long time.   Vince 
 Visit,  Thanks for your message. Can you send me the data you used: I shall take a look at it.  Vince 
 Chris,  Plz contact Shirley Crenshaw (X 3-5290) regarding a copy of an article.  Vince 
 Traci,  Thanks. This is the best solution given all the uncertainties we face.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince  P.S. Tom, Please, contact Vernon and get the details. 
 Clayton,  Thanks. We shall set up a meeting with you later this week.  Vince 
 Sam,  It's coming soon.  Vince --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Bob, can you please take a look at the following article for today Column?   Vince 
 Jaesoo,  Please, give me a call Monday or Tuesday next week.  I shall be very glad to meet you for lunch.  Vince 
 Jeff,  I am attaching his resume. It has the phone number.  Vince 
 Mike, Steve,  Let's get together. What day would work for you?  Vince 
 Pam,  Change of plans. I shall be able to make a presentation on my course next Monday.  Vince 
 http://www.doc.ic.ac.uk/~srueger/pr-suprema-1999/Justin-Hayward/main_page.html#newcombs_observations 
 Hello:  What about Thu the following week? I am going to Baylor on the 15th.  Vince 
 Todd,  Thanks for the invitation. I shall be very glad to speak at this conference.  Vince 
 Steve,  It shows who is smart. Tuesday will work for me.  Vince 
 http://www.inencogroup.co.uk/neta1.html 
 In around 8.30 Vince --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Praveen,  I shall be out on Thursday and possibly Friday. What about a lunch on Wednesday? We can also meet on any day next week.  Vince 
  --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Stan,  Given the recent developments related to the DPC project, I would like to offer the help of my group in providing analytical support in evaluating different options that are open to us.  One member of my group, Sandeep Kohli, worked for years for DPC in Mumbai and has not only good understanding of all the related contracts, but also excellent relationships with the major stakeholders, partners and regulatory authorities. He has also excellent analytical skills. His recent project was related to evaluation of the potential for developing power markets around Maharashtra, to improve economic viability of the DPC project (Dec 2000 - February 2001) - a presentation is attached.  Please, feel free to ask Jim Hughes about Sandeep's skills and dedication to the company.   Vince Kaminski 
 Gayle,  I need an LDC projector and an overhead projector as a backup. My PowerPoint  presentation will be on a PC. I shall come early to test the equipment.  Please give me a few hints:  - exact address - best parking lot for the building - how to contact you on arrival.  Vince 
 artin,  We should enroll.  Vince 
 I concur. We may be very busy in the next  few months.  Vince 
 Jan,  Please, check the following Lotus Notes folders for information relevant to the LJM litigation:   1. UntitledMartin 2. TRSWAPS  Vince Kaminski 
 Thank you for registering for a trial of Fincad.net.  Please use this Username and Password to login to the system. Username=vkaminski  Password=7138533848 
 Jan,  Yes, if this is the procedure.  Also, you will receive tomorrow hard copies of the documents that I have compiled.  Vince 
  --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Asis,  The course is designed to fit the background of a typical MBA student. I don't  see a major problem with the pre-reqs.  Vince 
 Gina,  Do you have a home E-mail address? I can send you directions to my house tonight.  Vince 
 Martin,  Barbara's number: (713) 285-5384   Vince 
 Brian,  Do you have an Email address at home? I shall send you directions.  Vince 
 David,  WSJ made the same point.  Vince 
 Paulo  Any news?  Vince --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Brian, Thanks for coming. It was great to have you with us last weekend. I shall ask Vin about Blackbird. I think he should get a job ASAP. Otherwisw, he will go insane staying home with two aging parents.  Vince --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Sam,  Either later today or tomorrow.  Vince 
 Lane,   Thanks. I shall attend. Please, attach the list of the current members of the committee.  Vince Kaminski 
 Sam,  It's coming.  Vince 
 Al,  What about a lunch or breakfast on Monday or Tuesday next week? I am traveling later this week.  Vnce 
 Jeff,  The more I think about the Tiger Team at Wharton the more I am convinced we should cancel our participation this year. It's a long-term commitment and we face too many uncertainties in the next few months.  Please, let me know what you think.  Vince 
 Molly,  I don't see how we can hire anybody under the circumstances. The main objectives is to protect the employees we already have on the payroll.  Vince 
 Al,  The best place to meet is Andrews Street (between the Enron building and the church). I shall meet you there at 11:45 on Monday, November 19.  Vince 
 http://www.cmap.polytechnique.fr/~bacry/ftpPapers.html 
 Sevil,  Stop by any time.  Vince 
 http://www.cmap.polytechnique.fr 
 http://www.cmap.polytechnique.fr   ********************************************************************** This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender or reply to Enron Corp. at enron.messaging.administration@enron.com and delete all copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are not intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of its affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise. Thank you. ********************************************************************** 
 Ian,  Thanks for your message. No change here, I am doing just fine. I have always kept my common sense that allows me to recognize insanity when I see one.  Vince 
 http://www.stoft.com/x/cal/index.shtml  http://icg.fas.harvard.edu/~ec1661/lectures/HoganHandoutA.PDF 
 Praveen,  Change of plans. I shall be able to attend the meeting of the Advisory Board on Wednesday.   Vince 
 Andrzej,  Bardzo smieszne. U mnie wszystko OK.  Wicek 
 Makes sense. The customers were engaging in risk reducing trades to lower their exposure.  I am curious about the most recent volumes.  Vince 
 Tom,  Do you have transactions breakdown by commodity, and volume weighted?  Vince 
 John,  Can you send me the directions to your building? You can cc my home E-mail address vkaminski@aol.com.  Thanks 
 =20 
 Kai,  Thanks for your message. I am glad you landed in a very good company.  No decision yet. The first priority for me is to make sure the members of the group have a soft landing. Then I shall decide what I want to do next.  Vince 
 Jim,  Current headcount of the group is 49, including assistants, associates and analysts, and  part-time employees. The core group head count is 36 professionals.  I am attaching a spreadsheet that gives you  affiliation of each employee with the primary unit he/she supports. Some people support multiple units but I ignore such details.  What is shown below are the percentage cost allocations to different Enron units. The allocations are based on the averages from the last year and will apply to 2002.  Vince     0.18	0.06	0.02	0.16	0.04	0.24	0.28	0.02	1 RAC	EIM	EEurope	EES	ET&S	EGM	EA	EBS	Total 
 Sam,  Here it comes.  Vince 
 http://www.salon.com/news/feature/2001/01/30/deregulation_mess/index.html 
 Gayle,  It was my pleasure.  Vince 
 Yvan  Thanks. The same to you.  Vince 
 Yuji,  Good luck. I am sure your presentation will inspire a lot of interest.  Vince 
 Al,  Confirmed.  Vince 
 David,  What about coffee sometimes on Thursday, November 29? We could have coffee at Hyatt or at the lobby of the Enron Building (1400 Smith, 2 blocs from the Hyatt). I could show you our trading floors in the new building.  Please, cc vkaminski@aol.com as well.  Vince 
 Donald,  Thanks for your interest in Enron. I shall be glad to talk to you about the energy industry needs for quants and what you can do to prepare yourself for the job search. Please, call me at 713 853 3848 to set up a meeting or call my assistant, Shirley Crenshaw, at 713 853 5290.  The prospects for employment with Enron, in your field, are rather uncertain at this point. I do not anticipate any hiring over the next 12 months.  Vince Kaminski 
 Slava,  Mike's phone number:  (713) 553 5883.  Vince 
 Shawn  What about Tuesday next week?  Vince 
 Jose,  Mike suggested we push the briefing to Monday morning.  Vince 
 Tom,  Congratulations. I got your E-mail when I was in Argentina and the system was too slow to send a response right away.  I hope Mom is feeling better by now.  Vince 
 Shawn,  Thanks. Tuesday next week, 12:00,  it is.  Vince 
  Zimin,  Are you interested in this dinner? Please, respond to Mac directly.  Vince 
 Frank,  What about Tuesday next  week, 10:00 a.m. my time?  Vince 
 Christian,  This is good news. I shall talk to Paul Mon evening my time to finalize the dates.  Vince 
 Confirmed.  Vince 
 Christie,  The schedule for Monday is already full but I shall try to work around it. I shall call Tom's office if a window opens up on Monday. I assume 3pm is EST.   Vince 
 Rick,  I shall be honored to serve on the Advisory Board of the MSCF.  Also, I shall be able to join you on Wednesday, December 12 for the first meeting.  A more formal letter of acceptance will follow.  Vince 
 Ted,  My budget does not anticipate currently any expansion. I shall be hiring only in the case of attrition but in such case I shall seek to replace very specific skills.  Please, give me a call at your convenience and we can discuss other options (713) 853 3848.  Vince 
 Martin, Lance  What do you think?  Vince 
 Brian,  Would you like to stop by this  weekend for a drink or two?  Vince 
 Zimin, already left. Plz, send to vkaminski@aol.com. Vince --------------------------vince kaminski 
  --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Maureen.  OK  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, put this on an official form.  Vince 
 Thank you.  Vince 
  Ann,  FYI  Vince 
 Ann,  FYI  Vince 
 Barbara,  My tenure at Enron is coming to an end. I am passing your data request to another person and hopefully you will get some help. When can we call you next week?  Vince 
 clharper@nexant.com   Ding Yuan  713 393 6838  Resume for Ehud 
 Barabara,  I had a lunch today with Rob Ladd from Duke (company, not university). He is a Rice graduate and I mentioned to him the seminars that Enron was sponsoring. He is willing to talk to you about substituting Duke for Enron as a sponsor of the seminar program.  Please, contact him at rtladd@duke-capitalpartners.com. His cell phone number is 704 756 5354.  I am working on the power price time series for you but I may run out of time.  Vince 
 Jo,  Thanks for your message. I am sure Nelson would consider consulting though it does not guarantee any continuity of support for you.  Please, let me know what you decide to do over the next few days. The curtain will drop on my group on Tuesday.  In case we shall not connect before Tuesday, let me say it was a privilege working with you. I wish you luck with Enron or any other company you may work for in the future.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Thanks for your kind words. We shall be around for a few more days and I shall catch up with you before I go. I may hang around till 1/31.  I am thinking about organizing a reunion of the Group in a few months. See you there.  Vince 
  Shirley,  I shall be in the office tomorrow after 12. I am going to the UofH lecture at the Bauer Business School.  Please, take a look at this message. It outlines the process we have to follow.  Vince 
  Bob,  Additional info from Cindy Skinner.  Vince 
  Whom can you recommend? So many people have left.  Vince 
 Mike,  What do you think? I see pro's and con's. The argument against is that during PRCs people comment positively or negatively about a person and this is how the word is spread about an employee. Tony  could benefit from being in a London PRC.   Vince 
 Felix,  Please, resend me the term papers of your group, each as  a separate file. Please send it to my AOL address as well as work address.  My AOL address is  vkaminski@aol.com  My home phone number is 281 367 5377.  Vince 
 Rakesh,  You will receive an update on the situation tomorrow.  Vince 
 Rakesh,  I can extend you leave of absence till January 15.  Vince 
 Anne,  Thanks for contacting me about this. As a matter of fact, I wanted to talk to  you about it today as this matter was outstanding for a long time.  I think we should go ahead and adjust Gwen to manager, effective March 1. The compensation would be her current base plus 10K. This is what we typically do when we promote an associate to a  manager. Such promotions take place in March and I think Gwen should not be penalized for the inefficiency of her management (i.e. my and Maureen's procrastination).   On unrelated and more serious matter. Gary Hickerson is the primary client for Maureen's services. He communicated to me  a few weeks ago that he is unwilling to underwrite Maureen's position (he is in general unhappy with her contribution). This means that Maureen will have to find another sponsor or leave Enron. Given her abrasive and aggressive personality finding another internal customer will be quite a challenge. Gary volunteered to pay a very generous severance to Maureen from his budget. I would like to talk to you about it when you have a few minutes.  Vince 
  Khymberly,  I am forwarding you a resignation letter from C. Supatgiat. Thanks for your help today.  Vince 
 Ronda,  I am not surprised you have no attendees from Enron. We can pay neither  for the conference nor for the trip to New York. I shall be glad to talk to you about the conference but I cannot attend in any capacity.  Vince 
 Praveen,  Thanks. I will join you for lunch. I shall reserve time on Friday to give you a guided tour. After Friday it's a different company and access to the floors will be restricted.  Vince 
 Anne,  Thanks. Shirley is checking my calendar and will call you about the schedule. The entire week of the 11th does not look good for me.  Vince 
 Steve,  Things seem to be under control as of noon today (Tue). I look fwd to the evening with you, your wife and the rest of the Woodlands gang on Saturday. I eat everything except for broccoli.  Vince 
 Please, cancel my membership in Enron PAC.  Vince Kaminski 
 Resending 
  Mike, Any thoughts?  Vince 
 Bob,  I hope it went to the right Williams the first time.  Vince 
 Wade,  I am writing to ask you to help my associate, Krishnarao Pinnamaneni, who faces a very difficult personal situation. You probably remember Krishna from his visits to our Bombay office when he was helping you on a few projects.  A brief outline of the facts.  1. His wife is pregnant. She gave birth to their daughter, Pallavi, a few years ago after a very complicated pregnancy. Pallavi was a premature child and her survival was a miracle (we all thank the Almighty for this wonderful child). Current pregnancy is also very complicated.  2. Krishna invited his in-laws to visit and stay with them to care for his wife. The application for a tourist  visa was denied and the reason given for the denial was that they had overstayed the term of the visa during the previous  visit. The irony is that they complied with the US laws: they had asked for an extension of the visa and the extension was granted.  The company can, of course, intervene on Krishna's behalf. Krishna made an outstanding contribution to Enron (he is currently a VP) and to the American society. I am sure that Ken Lay would have no objections to write a letter on his behalf to the State Department.  I would prefer, however, to try informal channels first to avoid confrontational approach. It may be better for all the involved in the long-run.  I hope you can use your personal contacts to intervene on Krishna's behalf and ask for a reversal of the decision on humanitarian grounds. I shall fax to you a copy of the decision.  Thanks.  Vince 
 Please, cancel my membership.  Wincenty (Vince) Kaminski 
  --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Wade,  Thanks for your help. Krishna advised me of the conversation he had with you.  Vince 
 Steve,  It will be my pleasure.  Vince 
  --------------------------vince kaminski 
  --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Anne,  For the time being it's fine. She will soon become an associate.  Vince 
  --------------------------vince kaminski 
  --------------------------vince kaminski 
  --------------------------vince kaminski 
 1 Cindy Skinner 2 Chonawee 3 Martin 4 Praveen 5 Lawyer 6 --------------------------vince kaminski 
  --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Steve,  No problem.  I shall spend Friday working on reviews.  Vince 
  --------------------------vince kaminski 
  --------------------------vince kaminski 
 FYI  Vince 
 Shirley,  I shall be out on Thursday. Please, remind me about this.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Enjoy your vacation.  Vince 
 Ehud,  I shall be glad to serve on the re-defined panel. There may be some things I will be unable to comment upon due to on-going investigations.  I should finalize my Austin trip plans in a day or so. I will let you know.   Vince 
 Bob,  I shall send you a formal letter of recommendation for Chonawee. He is an exceptionally  talented and hard working quant and I am confident that he will be a great addition to the faculty your School.  Vince 
 Shawn,  Can we push our meting till Monday? I have to be in Chicago Thursday and Friday this week.  Stinson will be back by then and we can have a meeting at his house.  Have a Happy and Healthy New Year.  Vince 
 Gordon  My E-mail address is vkaminski@aol.com  Good Luck.   Vince 
 Shriram,  We have suspended hiring for the next few months till we shall sort our physical space problem (we have no space left in our old building).   Please, feel free to contact me again in September.  Vince Kaminski 
 Kit Flanagan Littler Mendelson (713) 652 4704 
 Greg,  My personal E-mail  address is vkaminski@aol.com  Vince 
 Bob,  Thanks for your kind words. I shall circulate your information among my associates.  Happy New Year to you and your staff.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Thanks. I am becoming an old man.  Vince 
 Bill,  Thanks. I am forwarding the message to my son.   Vince 
  Shirley,  Please, distribute to my direct reports.  Vince 
 Hill,  Thanks for the invitation to serve as a Chairman of one of the sessions. Unfortunately, I may be receiving frequent calls from the office that might interfere with my  duties.  See you next week.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, register me for it.   Vince 
 Molly, Thanks.  I shall join you. I assume it's Ninfa's on West Dallas.  Vince 
 Martin,  You may find it useful.  Vince 
 Peter,  Look forward to meeting you in Houston.  Vince 
 Barry,  Thanks for your message. I am forwarding it with my recommendation to Billy Lemmons who is in charge  of our analyst/associate program.  Vince 
  Billy,  This is another message from the University of Alberta. They have an Energy MBA program; I heard some good comments about the quality of this program.  Vince 
 -Chonawee  7100 Almeda Rd. #1022 Houston, TX 77054 713-320-5473 (cell) 713-796-1437 (home) 
  Shirley,  Please add to my calendar.  Vince 
 Eric,  I shall be glad to talk to you about it. The first three days of the next week would work for me.  Vince 
 Eric,  July works for me.  Vince 
 Thanks,  I will attend.  Vince 
 Ian,  My secretary contacted SMS. I was surprised that they want to charge me for the conference. Typically, the speakers are invited to attend without incurring the cost of a conference. The is the first invitation to speak I received, combined with a request to pay for the privilege.   Vince 
 Marilyn  Yes, please call Shirley (3-5290) to setup a meeting.  Vince 
 http://www.ssrn.com/ 
 Yes,  Thanks a lot.  Vince 
 I cannot access the system to approve the request. I get a message that the page is not available on-line.  Vince Kaminski 
 Dale,  I shall be in your part of the world on Friday (Palo Alto). I shall ask Krishna to meet you in my place.  Vince Kaminski 
 Thanks  Vince 
 Rita,  I have postponed all the hiring decisions till late August - early September. We can revisit Joao's case at this point. We shall have better information about the space in the new building we can count on and the time of the move.  We appreciate Joao interest in Enron.  Vince Kaminski 
 Pani Urszulo,  Czy to jest Air France?  Vince 
 Zimin,  I shall be in California on Thu.  Vince 
 Joe,  I could not find the issue. I think I have dumped all the copies of the publication. I am in London next week.  Vince 
 Another question. What about a Continental flight to Amsterdam and from Amsterdam to Warsaw?  I can also fly Continental through Rome or London, as long as I don't have to change airports.  Vince 
 Krishna,  FYI  Vince 
 What are the hours for Conti vs. Air France? I am the ofice for another 45 minutes. Your phone number?  Vince 
 6011 3000 5062  8237  12/02 
 Wincenty J Kaminski 10 Snowbird  Place  The Woodlands  TX 77381  WT 472179 Wincenty Kaminski 
 vkaminski@aol.com 
 Nelson,  I don't see any problems with #1. For number 2, mention that the paper was written when you were a studentt at Rice.  Vince 
 Joe,  Here it is  david_cox@enron.net karen.owens@enron.com  Gail ,evidently left Enron. Haven't seen her in ages.   BTW, P. Bibi resigned.  Vince 
  Zimin,  Looks like a very good paper for the Tech Corner next week. Please, review before publication.  I looked at it and it looked OK. Sam will need it by Fri evening.  Vince 
 BTW = By the way. Putnam in Boston. it's official.  Vince 
 Greg,  I scheduled a meeting with Norman Packard from the Prediction Company in Houston, July the 30th, 9:00 a.m.  Liz blocked out a few hours for the meeting.  Vince 
 Czwartek  mi odpowiada. Zadzwonie do Ciebie do pracy we wtorek.   Wicek 
 Shirley,  I shall pay for the trip, I cannot pay for the conference.  Vince 
 Molly,  Do you know who has posted this ad: SPEC SR PUBLIC RELATIONS, Job Code #0000109017. I have a friend who is looking for a position who seems to have the perfect  skills for this job.   Vince 
 Shirley,   Please, put on my calendar.  Vince 
 Ed,  I am still here. Kaminski is a very popular Polish name.  My next stage in life, when it happens , is a small cottage close to a beach, not another corporate job.  Vince 
  Shirley,  I shall be on vacation July 5, 6 and 9.  It's Thu, Fri and Monday. Please, reschedule a meeting with Peter.  Vince  P.S.  Anita might have already contacted Peter on Friday when you were on vacation. 
 Wealth Partners Presents a Special Program for Ex-Enron Employees, entitled  Transitions: Your Job, Your Career, Your Family, Your Finances Keeping it all together, through the change.  Four Dynamic Experts will address several of the key issues that are important to you, right now, during a period of transition.  Kathie Nordt, president of I-focus, a technical recruiting firm, will discuss how to market yourself in the new tight market environment.  John Elder, creator of a grass-roots investment program to develop abandoned research begun by Enron, will discuss the metaphor of "gold in abandoned mines."  Kimber Seal, Ph.D. in psychology, will discuss the very human element of anxiety presented during transitions, and how to keep the family harmonious during this time.  Bill Dendy, Certified Financial Planner, will discuss personal finances during transition; your choices, challenges, and opportunities.  Seminar Location and Times For your convenience, this workshop will be held at three different times and locations in the Houston area.  Choose the one that fits your schedule, and RSVP today to reserve your place.  1st Workshop - Saturday, January 5th at the NASA Hilton Clear Lake in the Captain Room, from 6:30 to 8:30pm.  2nd Workshop - Monday, January 7th at the Houston City Club in the Founders II room, from 6:30 to 8:30pm.  3rd Workshop - Tuesday, January 8th at the Woodlands Drury Inn room 107, from 6:30 to 8:30pm.   We have limited seating so please reserve your spot now by calling 1-866-808-0123. 
 Shirley,   Please, set a meeting with him on Monday.  Shirley, also please set up a meeting with Euford Cooper (Ford). His extension is 3-5612. Please, explain I did not have time to respond to his msg.  Vince 
 Aruna,  I shall be in London this week. Please, call me on Monday next week.  Best time is between 7:30 and 8:30  my time.  Vince 
 Sandeep,  This looks great. I would talk to all the heads of structuring desks, including the right persons (Zimin, Krishna, Vasant) in the conversations. Also, please talk to Andrea Reed and ask who are good targets in the EIM organization.  We can talk about other targets when I get back.  Vince 
 Steve,  I am in London this week. Let's connect when you come back.   Vince 
 Hi Julie,  Rice asked me to teach another course on energy derivatives and I plan to use the book as the main source. You can inform them that they should keep the books in stock and probably order a few more copies.  I am in London right now and will stay here for a few more days. Swamped with work as usual. I was on the road for the last 2 weeks.  The tropical storm unleashed the fury on my neighborhood (20 inches in  one night) but we survived without major problems. The only problem I had was an overflowing swimming pool (it took 45 minutes to go  from a comfortable slack to a full condition).  Vince 
 Anne,  Thanks. Enjoy your trip. I hope you come back in one piece.  Vince 
 Ed,  I am sure I shall screw up sooner or later (given my aging brain and amount of work). This  guy will have to change his name to Ed Krapels to stay employed.  Vince 
 Molly,  This is the resume of my friend who is interested in a job with Enron. He is a very capable and hard working person.  Vince 
 Presly,  Greetings from London. I picked up your resume from here and forwarded it to our corporate recruiter.  Vince 
 Anne,  Thanks. I shall join.  Vince 
 Molly,  Thanks. I am in London this week but  I can pick up my messages from here.  Vince 
 Presly,  FYI  Vince 
  Gwyn,  Thanks for this msg and other updates.  Vince 
 Helyette,  Thanks for your message. I am in London right now and I shall attend the RISK conference this week. Stinson Gibner left Enron and I have  another person in charge of software. I hope to close the loop in the next few days.  Vince 
 Ehud,  Sorry for the delay in replying to your message. I was on the road a lot. I am in London right now and plan to attend the conference.  I am leaving on Saturday morning for Houston.  I have asked Shirley to get tickets for one of the evening you mentioned. I should know by Thursday if the tickets are available.  Vince 
  Shirley,  Can you get tickets for either night Ehud mentioned? Maybe Vasant and Zimin can join us?  Vince 
  Shirley,  Just Zimin and Vasant if they are free.  Vince 
 Kate,  Not yet. I will know sometimes in August - September.  Vince 
  --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Sandeep,  This is the list of the groups  that have access to Research directory. Martin compiled this list.  Please, review it and let's talk about the recommendations regarding changes and restrictions we have to make.  Vince 
 I would like to nominate Dr. Stig Faltinsen from Enron Europe  as my guest at the London "Understanding and Applying Financial Mathematics to Energy Derivatives" conference, London, June 28-29.  Vince 
 Mike,  Thanks for your message. The meeting on Tuesday at 7 is confirmed.  Vince 
 Anne,  I shall brief you on the meeting.  Vince 
 Amitava,  Let's talk about it on Monday.  Vince 
 Natasha,  Thanks. I left my package and all the forms in Houston.  I shall be glad to fill out the form tomorrow at the conference.  Vince 
 FYI   Dad 
  Larry,  Thanks 
  --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Lee,  Thanks for your message. I am currently in London and shall contact you on my return to the States next week. I plan to attend your conference.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, send me my SAP #. I need it to approve the expense report.  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.   Vince 
 Shirley,  Approved.  Vince 
 Shirley,  I shall talk to him on Monday. The chances are he is a complete misfit if 2 organizations rejected him.  Vince 
 Sandeep,  Thanks. Any resolution to Krishna's problem yet?  Vince 
 Eydie,  I shall be out on Monday, July 9.  What about the following Tuesday?  Vince 
  Maureen,  How do you generate this forecast?  Vince 
 Hello Darrell,  I am in London this week, looking, among other things, at our CreditDesk.com operation. I was trying to access your expert report from your web site, but it's password protected.  Can you send me a copy?  Vince 
 Piotr,   I can pick up my E-mail messages from here. You can E-mail me with the place and location for tonight.  Vince 
 Thanks. Confirmed.  Vince 
 Thanks.  Confirmed.  Vince 
 Thanks.  Confirmed.  Vince 
 Jody,  Thanks. Confirmed 8:30, Thu.  Vince 
  --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Thanks. Confirmed Thu 8:30.  Vince 
  Maureen,  No problem.  Vince 
 Gwyn,  There are several Kaminskis at Enron right now.  Vince 
 Greetings from London. What do you think about P, TX, DVN?   Vince 
 Eugenio,  It's more or less the same. No big changes.  Vince 
 http://www.housingfinance.org/Country%20Specific%20Information/country_specific_information.htm 
 Thanks.  Vince 
 http://www.housingfinance.org/Country%20Specific%20Information/Fact%20book%20(e)%2099.pdf 
 Sam,  We can use a piece written by Rakesh on liquidity.  I shall ask him to send  it to you.  Vince 
 Anne,  That's great. The meeting is at 3:00 in or area on th 19th.  Vince 
  Shirley,  Please, bring Uriel for an interview. We can arrange it with Molly. Usual suspects:  VK, ZL, KP, VS, TT, BL  Vince 
 http://www.pserc.wisc.edu/ecow/get/publicatio/specialepr/westernstatessynthesi1.pdf 
 Aruna  No address was attached.  Vince 
 Dennis,  Thanks. I have seen some of the papers you mentioned but missed one about discriminative auctions.  Vince Kaminski 
 http://www.pserc.wisc.edu/index_home.html 
 Deniese,  Thanks for the invitation. I shall join you.  Vince 
 Zimin,  FYI. Please, install it.  Vince 
 Anshuman,  Thanks for your message. I look forward to meeting you in January.  Vince 
 http://www.vaionline.it/ 
 Joanna,  You can keep the name as is. I don't want Zimin to be blamed for the flaws of my presentation.  Vince 
 Thanks,  The same to you.  Vince 
 Anita,  Very minor changes. Thanks.  Vince 
 JOSEPH  KOOTHRAPPALLY (713) 853-6819 jkoothr@enron.com 
 Shirley,  Please, set up a meeting.  I am out on Tuesday: PRC all day.   Vince 
 Thanks for the offer.  V. Kaminski 
 Billy,  We can give Bobby a call and carry out a preliminary interview over the phone. I am always a bit suspicious when I see somebody trying to leave a very good company after a relatively short time.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, set up a phone interview.  Vince 
  Shirley,  Please, look into this meeting. Please, coordinate with Krishna.  Vince 
 Billy,  We are in process of setting up a phone interview.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Also American Economic Association, American Finance Association,  Global Association or Risk Professionals (Garp).  Vince 
 Eric,  I shall be in California at the end of this week.  Vince 
 Les,  Thanks. I shall take a look at the article tonight. Would you like to meet for dinner on Monday or Tuesday when you are in Houston? If you have made commitments for the evenings, we can meet during the day either on Monday or Tuesday.  Vince 
  Krishna,  Do we want to meet with him? I don't see any point.  Vince 
 Les,  Let's meet on Monday at 4:00 p.m., July 23rd, at Enron.  Vince 
 To do   EES presentations to Rhys Krishna's letters 
 Iris,  Thanks. I appreciate your involvement in this project.  Vince 
 Paolo,  I shall be very glad to help you.  Vince Kaminski 
 Maureen,  No problem.  Vince 
 http://www.econlib.org/library/classics.html 
 Darrell,  I am sending you the first document for review. It's a new algorithm invented by Rabi De and Tanya.  The credit paper has been written but it needs more work before we can send it to you.  I think you will enjoy  the document I am attaching.   Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Ravi,  Thanks. I shall arrange for a phone interview with Sen.  Vince 
  Hector,  Thanks for the update. I am likely to come to CMU this semester (recruiting). I shall get in touch with you.  Vince 
 Paolo,   I could not open the attachment. My system needs a file in .doc or .pdf format. M/S Word or Acrobat.   Vince 
 Anne,  No problem. I have retained Debra to offer a course for 20 persons in October. You are very welcome to attend.  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Rakesh,  I don't think I have to be involved.  Vince 
 Anne,  Thanks. I shall be leaving early on Thursday  for California: my family is moving back to Houston.  I shall ask Vacant to attend.  Vince 
 Paolo,  I cannot open the file. When I try to use my Acrobat reader, I get a message that the file does not begin with %PDF-. The file that I receive is winmail.dat; the pdf files typically have an extension .pdf  and begin with teh same string of characters. Possibly, the file is modified by the E-mail program.   My fax number is 713 646  2503.  Vince 
 Mike,  Let's call Paul. I want to discuss this with him.  Vince 
 Billy,  We had an interview with Bobby and we were not impressed at all.  He started with a statement about his option pricing experience and when we asked a question about a basic concept in this area (the definition of volatility) he could not define it. An answer to any question was that he did work in a different  area. When we followed up with a question from this area (like quantum physics), he would complain that the question is too detailed.   He comes across like a classical consultant (many buzzwords, little substance).   Vince 
 FYI   Vince 
 Received  Vince 
 Ian,  The same to you. I wish you a very Happy New Year.  Vince 
 http://www.ratherbiased.com/ 
 Aruna,  I shall be available next week, except for Friday.  Vince 
 Mark,  Thanks a lot. Looks really interesting.  Vince 
 Paul,  I am glad you sent me this message. It will help to clarify a few issues.  1. I was contacted by Christian (this means I did not start this phase of the process) last Friday, as far as I can remember.  Christian expressed interest in joining the Research Group. I told him two things: a. We would be delighted to have him here. b. Our mutual relationship and good practices require that he receives your blessing before we can move ahead. We agreed to have a conference call Wed morning, your time, with you, Christian and Mike Roberts.  2. Wednesday call was subsequently cancelled by Christian. Mike and I decided to call you anyway Thu morning your time, directly, to discuss the matter. I was in a PRC all afternoon and asked Mike to call you  in case I could not sneak out to join him. Mike called and was told you were out sick.  3. I am leaving in a few hours for California. I shall be driving back to Houston for the next 3 days. Please, feel free to call Mike an discuss this matter with  him in my absence.  4. I think Christian has a strong preference to be in the Research Group, assuming he moves to Houston. I think he came to this conclusion after visiting Houston in early July. I did not bring up the issue of transfer with him at all when he was here.  I can  understand his motivation and think we should take his preferences into account. But the first  issue is if he can leave Sydney at all.  I hope it helps. Cheers.   Vince 
 Mark,  The members of my group attend INFORMS conferences and I shall check today if we are covering this specific meeting.  We shall be glad to speak with Dr. O'Hara when he comes to Houston. I shall be gone on Friday, but you can contact Sandeep Kohli in Houston to discuss the details. Any date in the time interval given by you works for us.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Sandeep,  This is Dr. Ueneohara. The spellchecker has done it for me. Sorry.  Please, make sure that I am involved in the meeting. Also, include Bob Lee, Rakesh, Vasant, Zimin, Krishna, Paulo, Alex, Tanya, Rabi.  Vince 
 FYI   Vince 
 It's done.  Please, check.  Vince 
  Les,  I shall try to send you my comments later today.  Our address is 1400 Smith (2 blocks from Hyatt Regency Downtown and Doubletree Downtown). The phone number is 713 853 3848 and my assistant's extension is 713 853 5290 (Shirley Crenshaw).   Look fwd to meeting you.   Vince 
 Dennis,  I shall be very glad to meet with you. I have to visit the campus next week to talk to the Dean about some other issues. I shall give you a call when this meeting is scheduled.  Vince  My personal information:  Vince Kaminski 10 Snowbird Place The Woodlands, TX 77381 (281) 367 5377 (h)  vkaminski@aol.com 
 Gina,  I was thinking about calling you and suggesting an "Italian only" lunch. I can also introduce you to my associate, Rakesh Bharati, who studies Italian on his own.  What about Tuesday next week?   Vince 
 Paul,  I hope you feel better. I have seen the message from Christian in which he confirmed that he approached the Research in Houston on his own. He did not receive any encouragement from me and from Mike. I hope this closes this issue.  I can understand Christian's motivation but don't endorse the way he takes to reach his goals. He hopes to accomplish more in a larger group where he can have more interaction with his peers who have similar backgrounds. I think also that he developed an appreciation for good interpersonal relations in my group he could observe during his stay in Houston.  My advice is to try to figure out how to use his skills for Enron and how to develop his social intelligence.   Vince 
 Laura,  We can definitely help Jose. We are producing the demand projections for natural gas by state, by customer class every day. The projections are used to forecast AGA storage numbers and have a very good history of hitting the right number. This validate svery well the demand model.  Getting the supply curve at a specific location is more difficult because other regions are competing for the same finite quantity of gas available in the short run. We have some good insights into this problem as well.  My concern is that summer associates are not fully committed to Enron. I have about 7-8 summer associates every year and we always take measures to keep them away from critical information. Please, let me know how far we can go with Jose.  I am ready to help you with baseball. I went to a game last week and Astros won. I guess I brought some good Karma.   Vince 
 Krishna,  Who can review Rusty? I think he deserves an offer.   Vince 
  Shirley,  Please, keep an eye on this event to make sure we don't drop the ball for Rusty.  Vince 
 Krishna,  Resending just in case. Who can review Rusty?   Vince 
 Jacek,   Do you have a formal presentation about your company and the services you offer? Any web site? I would like to pass on the information I received fro Jurek Jarosz but I need something more tangible to start the process.  Vince Kaminski Enron (713) 853 3848 
 Shirley,  Please set up a lunch meeting with Mike Roberts and myself and Jose Molina (please, see below) next week. We can meet over sandwiches.  Vince 
 Mike,  I asked Shirley to set up a meeting over sandwiches with Jose Molina (please, see below).  Vince 
 Michael,  The person who can help you is Zimin Lu. Due to the death in his family, he will be unavailable in the next few days. Please, work directly with me to coordinate the project. We can meet tomorrow (Tuesday or Wednesday) for 15 minutes to discuss the details.  Vince (713) 853 3848 
 Vasant,  It think he deserves an offer. Can you write an evaluation for him?  Vince 
  Mike,  Can we help this guy?  Vince 
 Alex,  I could not open the attachment. Please, send it as a MS Word document or a .pdf file.   Vince 
 Pilar,  I will attend.   Vince Kaminski 
 Claudio,  The weather bond project looks like a well - defined project. It should result in an interesting term paper.  Vince 
 Zulie,  I shall attend the Alexis de Tocqueville Breakfast on Tuesday, July 31 from 7:30 a.m. - 9 a.m.   Vince Kaminski 
 FYI  Vince 
  Shirley  Please, set up a phone interview with this guy. The usual suspects: Zimin, Alex, Bob.  Vince 
 Michael,  3:30 today works for me. We can meet at EB1938 for about half an hour. I shall introduce you to my associate who will work on the project.  Vince 
 Alex,  Thanks a lot. I could open our resume. We hire part-time employees to help us with our weather effort: the work is concentrated in the early morning hours 6:00 to 10:00 a.m.  I shall check with Mike Roberts who runs the group about our needs.  Please, let me know if you are interested in a summer internship in 2002. The decisions are made in late January and February and you should let me know by then.  Vince 
 http://www.latimes.com/business/la-000060023jul23.story 
 Sandeep,  Please, ask them if they can accept our invitation to lunch following the meeting?   Vince 
 Alex,  Thanks. I think it's a low risk proposition. He is just an associate.   Vince 
 Chris,  I read your paper with great interest. I shall be glad to give you my comments. Please, feel free to call me at 713 853 3848.   Vince 
 Praveen,  Thanks for your message. Confirmed.   Vince 
 Bob,  FYI  Vince 
 Gina,  It's a deal.  Vince 
 Chris,  2:00 p.m. on Wednesday this week is fine with me. Look forward to talking to you.   Vince 
 http://studyrussian.com/literature/main.html  http://users.aimnet.com/~ksyrah/ekskurs/lit.html 
 Alex,  I have forwarded your message to Mike Roberts.  Vince 
 Alex,   Yes, please go ahead.  Vince 
 Eric,  Thanks.  Vince 
 John,  Would you like me to use the slides you attached or expand/replace them with some additional material.   Vince 
 Jacek,  It would help to have a presentation to start the discussion. We can wait till September.  Vince 
 John,  I shall expand your slides by adding a few more. I shall rely on your judgment: you know better what is the level of sophistication of the students.  See you tomorrow.   Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Mike,  Perhaps it makes sense to shorten it a bit. I think the highlighted paragraphs can be removed. Makes no sense to sound too apologetic.  Another observation. I have just talked to Christian and suggested a conference call Monday evening our time with Paul. You can mention this conference call  request to Paul. The oservation: Christian may be smart but he will one hell of a person to manage given his personality.  Vince 
 Steve,  Yes, They are coming. It makes sense for Shirley to confirm it on Friday for you (I shall be in Dallas) before you hop on  the plane.  The meeting start at 9:00 at the Greg's office. Hope to see you on Monday.  Vince 
  Norman,  Thanks for your message. I treat the Monday meeting as the opportunity to introduce Enron to Prediction Company and to inform you about Enron's trading operation and especially about our electronic trading platforms. The exchange of information will hopefully lead to future collaboration. We are especially interested in working with you on improving the algorithms that support our electronic market making functions (automatic adjustments of the price levels and/or bid-offer spreads to the changing market conditions). My group has currently a research project under way to explore the possibility of taking advantage of some recent developments in the market microstructure theory in our operations.  I think that we can definitely collaborate in the energy and other commodity markets and we can explore other possibilities as well. Given the exploratory character of the first meeting, it probably makes sense if Prediction Company participation is limited to you and Jim. We shall, of course, be glad to meet with other associates that you may decide to bring to Houston with you. We shall be also glad to visit your company if we both decide to continue our discussions after the first meeting.  Enron side will be represented by Greg Whalley,  President & COO of Enron Wholesale Services, and myself. We expect John Lavorato, a member of EWS senior executive team, and my colleague from London, Dr. Steve Leppard, to join us. Shirley is forwarding the agenda and some additional information to you tonight.  You can reach me over the weekend at my E-mail addres: vkaminski@aol.com or call me at home (281) 367 5377. My cell phone number is (713) 410 5396. I look forward to meeting you on Sunday.  Vince Kaminski 
 Steve,  Shirley  sent you the info about the dinner,  in case you can arrive in time to join us on Sunday evening. Please, let me know, so that I can adjust the reservation at the restaurant.  Bob Lee may be out (a possible operation).  You can reach me over the weekend at my E-mail address: vkaminski@aol.com or call me at home (281) 367 5377. My cell phone number is (713) 410 5396. I look forward to meeting you on Sunday or Monday.  Vince 
 Steve,  No problem. I shall be glad to give you an endorsement.  I am meeting Pravven Kumar in a few days and will mention your name.  Let's mmet fordinner later i August. I shall talk to Mike about it.    Vince 
 I will attend the reception on Tuesday.  Vince Kaminski 
 Zulie,  I shall take the bus Tuesday morning to AdeT breakfast.   Vince Kaminski 
 Kristin,  Excellent reporting on California.  Vince 
 Joe,  I have distributed all the copies we got from the publisher. You can buy one through Marge Nadasky, and get a discount as an Enron employee, or directly form RISK through Amazon.   Vince 
 FYI   Vince 
 Jeff,  I have  tried to open the attachments. All the files are empty. Try to resend it and if it does not work, I shall contact the author directly  Vince 
 Jennifer,  Thanks. I will attend.  Vince 
 Martin,  David Pruner called about this meeting today. I shall  talk to him on Thu about the details.  Vince 
 =20 
 Janet,  This is the resume and the cover letter of the person I mentioned at the breakfast today.  Vince 
 Valery  Thanks a lot. The same to you. Have a Very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.  Vince 
 Al,  I have talked about Chris to Janet Dietrich and forwarded the resume to her.  Vince 
 Jeff Shankman forwarded to me your papers on option pricing. I could not open the attachments. Can you, please, resend them to me directly.   Vince Kaminski 
 Thanks,  I could open the attachments this time. I shall get back to you shortly.  Vince 
 Mike,  Please, take a look at it.  Vince 
 Ed, Berney,  Please, take a look at one of the resumes (David B. Good) recommended for structuring by my friend.  Vince 
 Ehud,  Thanks. I forwarded one resume to our structuring groups.  We shall evaluate the other one.  Vince 
 Any interest in James?   Vince 
  Rick,  Would you look us to make a joint appeal to Jeff to speak at this conference? Our friends at UT were very disappointed last time that Jeff had other commitments and I suggested they should try to get on his schedule early for the 2002 event.  Vince 
 Ehud,  Thanks. I shall get in touch with Mike and the Analyst /Associate program.  Vince 
  Billy,  I received a request to make a presentation to the Energy Finance class at UT this fall. It makes sensed to coordinate my trip with your unit presentation to the MBA students at the UT. Please, let me know who is the person to coordinate this request with?   Vince 
 Christie,  I will attend.  Vince 
 Ehud  FYI  Vince 
 http://www.defaultrisk.com/pp_corr_22.htm 
 Thanks   I will attend=20  Vince Kaminski 
 Kim,  I met Paul Y'barbo today (I have known him for ages) and he mentioned an interview with you.  He is a very bright and capable individual and he would be a good fit to your group.  Vince   P.S.  He looks better without the pony tail. 
 Dear Dr. Uenohara,  I would like to thank once more you and your colleagues for visiting Enron and for your most interesting presentation.  We all look forward to working with you in the future.   Vince Kaminski 
 Joannie:  Thanks Here is the message for Jeff:    Jeff,  I am asking you on my behalf and on behalf of Rick Causey to make a keynote presentation at the annual Energy Finance Conference at the University of Texas at Austin. The conference is tentatively scheduled to take place on February 21 - 22, 2002. Depending on your calendar, the conference organizers can reserve a time slot for your presentation at the conference dinner (February 21, 2002, Thursday) or lunch (February 22, 2002, Friday).  This annual conference is devoted to financial engineering in the energy business. The topics covered in the past meetings  included applications of real options technology to the energy business, risk management and the future of deregulation. The agenda of the last conference is attached for your review; the agenda for the 2002 event is under development.   Given Enron's relationship with UT and our interest in the Energy Finance program, a great source of highly skilled talent for our Analyst / Associate Program, we think that your participation will benefit the company. The conference is widely attended by senior executives of other energy companies and is an excellent forum to present Enron's accomplishments and the agenda for the future.   Vince Kaminski 
 Kim,  Thanks. I shall ask Shirley to schedule a lunch in 2-3 weeks for me and Krishna with you. Krishna is about to become a Daddy again in a few days; the end of August should work for him.  Vince 
 I shall attend East Power presentation as well.  Vince 
 Joannie,  Thanks. I think dinner is a better forum for Jeff.  Vince 
 Ehud,  Jeff agreed to participate. I suggested dinner as a better forum to Jeff's secretary. The decision regarding lunch/dinner issue is still to be made.  Vince 
 Steve,  Praveen is coming in tomorrow. We shall figure out a way to give you a great recommendation.  I always appreciate your trading suggestions.  What about P, OXY, DVN, PGN, LU, EMC?   Vince 
 Steve,  Two things.  1. Can you fax the meeting notes from last Monday to 713 646 2503? I have written the summary for Greg for the conference call tomorrow but want to make sure I did not miss any important point.  2. Assuming we go ahead and forge a formal relationship, how would you like to be involved? Out of London or, possibly, Houston? Please, let me know.  Vince 
 Mike,  This is what some people in  the industry see.  Vince 
 Greg,  A short summary of the proposed modes of cooperation with Prediction Company.  I. Projects (in the order they suggested it).  1. Prediction Company develops a P&L attribution system (allocation of P&L to different market factors, like spreads, volume, trader's skills, etc.). Trader's performance evaluation system.  2. Decision support system: a model recommending transactions to a trader without full trade automation.  3. Fully automated trading system, setting prices and executing trades on an electronic trading platform.  II. Financial arrangements. Combination of a number of different forms of equity participation, direct payments per project on completion, and   fees per transaction.  1. Equity investment would reduce fees and payments. For Prediction Company, this is a preferred form of Enron's participation.  2. Payment per project would look like consulting fees.  3. Next to equity investment, they would like to see a constant income stream through fees charged per transaction. My comment: in case they design a decision support tool, it will be difficult to come up with a per transaction fee. It will be difficult to identify decisions that can be attributed exclusively to their system.   Recommendations:  1. A visit to Santa Fe with Kevin Garland to discuss an equity investment.  2. I shall try to dig up more information about the company and the relationship with UBS.  3. We should  come up with a solution that will help to transfer skills to Enron from Prediction Company. 
 Sheridan,  I am aware of the duplicate check problem and I owe you phone call about this. I am still trying to mobilize internal support for the valuation study we discussed at San Antonio. Mark Ruane whom you met, moved on to a new job and his successor is a bit skeptical about the need for a study. Internal Enron  perception is that we understand the process of decision making inside big  financial institutions (or lack of it), especially in the energy area, regarding valuation of investment projects. Any study would just reveal what we already understand about quite simplistic tools they use: DCF with a discount rate being subject to negotiations within a very broad band of potential values.  It will help if I get the agenda of the conference  soon to pass it on to Jeff Skilling. It would also help if you could write a formal letter to him.   Vince 
 Norman,  Thanks. Talk to you soon.  Vince 
 Anita,  Can you call Maureen and ask if she plans to come to the office?   Vince 
 http://faculty-gsb.stanford.edu/wilson/E542/classmaterial.htm 
 Thanks  Vince 
 Steve,  Prediction Company was confused. No problem - I got the outline from memory and I shall cc you. I shall attach your minutes to my memo for Greg.   Vince 
 Greg,  A short summary of the proposed modes of cooperation with Prediction Company. More detailed notes by Steve are attached.  I. Major potential projects (in the order they suggested it).  1. Prediction Company develops a P&L attribution system (allocation of P&L to different market factors, like spreads, volume, trader's skills, etc.). Trader's performance evaluation system.  2. Decision support system: a model recommending transactions to a trader without full trade automation.  3. Fully automated trading system, setting prices and executing trades on an electronic trading platform.  Any project would require review of the market data provided by Enron.  (Is it a  free option for them? -  VK)  II. Financial arrangements. Combination of a number of different forms of equity participation, direct payments per project, and   fees per transaction.  1. Equity investment would reduce fees and payments. For Prediction Company, this is a preferred form of Enron's participation.  2. Payment per project that would look like consulting fees. They would like a lump-sum payment first (to expand the staff), followed by consulting fees later.  3. Next to equity investment, they would like to see a constant income stream through fees charged per transaction. My comment: in case they design a decision support tool, it will be difficult to come up with a per transaction fee. It will be difficult to identify decisions that can be attributed exclusively to their system.   Recommendations:  1. A visit to Santa Fe with Kevin Garland to discuss an equity investment.  2. I shall try to dig up more information about the company and the relationship with UBS.  3. We should  come up with a solution that will help to transfer skills to Enron from Prediction Company.  Vince 
 Alex,  It probably makes sense to wait a few months to see if you really like Dynegy. We can meet for lunch anyway sometimes in the next few weeks. Please, call me at 713 853 3848.  Vince 
 http://www.stanford.edu/~wolak/ 
 http://lib.ru/ 
 Anita,  Is Maureen, Gwyn or Mitra in the office tomorrow? Candace Kao woul like to stop by at 9:00 to say Hello and ask if she could help us with any projects.  Vince 
  Bob,  Any interest?  Vince 
  FYI  Vince 
 Pam,  Thanks for your message. I have forwarded the resume to the members of my group who use part-time employees.  Vince 
 Frank,  Greg Whalley and I are planning another trip to a California. The trip is most likely to take place on the 16th - 17th of August or a week later (23rd - 24th of August). Are you available for an afternoon meeting and / or dinner on Thursday, August 16 or August 23?  We are very interested in your thoughts about the directions of the power markets across the US.  Vince Kaminski 
 Christie,  Thanks. I shall attend.  Another quick questions. Art Varga and Praveen Kumar have been talking to us asking for directions regarding their energy program.  I have suggested they should contact you as well. Please, include me in the meeting: I want to stay close to them as we are trying to place a number of our employees in their PH.D. program.  Vince 
 Shirley,  $8,569.02 $1,184.70   Vince 
 http://www.chron.com/cs/CDA/story.hts/headline/entertainment/993182 
 Frank,  I looked at your resume. There is no good fit with my group. I have forwarded your resume to 2 different units of Enron (Enron Industrial Markets) and Enron Networks. They may be interested in your skills.   Vince Kaminski 
  Any interest? I got this resume today from a person I never met. It seems he may have some relevant skills.  Vince 
 Hi Presly,  Thanks for the message. Things have slowed down for me and it's time to enjoy the summer.  I wander if you have heard from Enron's HR people?  Talk to you soon.  Vince 
 Julie,  No problem.  Vince 
 Lexi,  Looks great.  Vince 
 Bob,  Please, go ahead and register.  Vince 
 Hi Presly,  I shall check with my PR person about your resume and will give you a call.  Vince 
 Thanks  Vince 
 Liz, Greg:  Frank Wolak from Stanford will be back in the office on Tuesday, August 7. I hope to set up a meeting with him and then to finalize the meeting with Prediction Co.  I shall be shooting for August 23 - 24, in view of Greg's trip on the 15th and 16th.  I left a message for Norman Packard, telling him that I should be  able to get back to him regarding the trip to Santa Fe by Tuesday this week.  The first draft of the non-disclosure agreement will be ready by Tuesday or Wednesday.  Have a good trip.  Vince 
 Liz,  Frank Wolak can meet Greg and me in his office and  for dinner Thursday night, August 16,  at Stanford.  Can Greg fly to San Francisco or San Jose  from his Asset Tour trip in late afternoon on that day?   If Greg can get a co plane to go San Francisco on Thursday, we could  fly together to Santa Fe on Friday morning, August 17. Norman Packard can meet us on that day. I could go to San Francisco Thursday morning on a commercial flight.   Vince 
 Kevin,  Ed is running a consulting firm in Boston that often tries to act as a boutique merchant bank. He inquired if Enron could provide transmission hedges for the Neptune project.  Any interest. Please, feel free to contact Ed directly and let me know.  Vince 
 Who is the trader that might be interested in this project? I have already forwarded the message to Kevin Presto.  Vince 
 Ed,  Thanks for your message. I have forwarded the message to the head of our power trading desk and to our transmission group.  Hope to hear form them later today.  Vince 
 Tom  FYI. I have forwarded this message to Kevin Presto as well.  Vince 
 Bob,  Do you have a standard presentation on Enron's role in creating and growing the spot and forward markets for pulp and paper?  We are helping the media group to make a pitch to a big customer ($40 billion in revenues) and we would like to provide some examples of our skills in creating and growing new markets.   Vince  P.S. It's quite urgent: we were asked to help at the eleventh hour. 
 Thanks for a very quick turn around.  Vince 
 Norman,  Thanks for your message. Still struggling with a trip schedule, trying to reconcile many different itineraries. I should connect with Greg who is in London and firm the plans up  by tomorrow morning.  I am attaching a draft of a non-disclosure agreement. Please, take a look at it at your leisure and let me now what  you think.  I have also FedExed you some reading materials about the power and natural gas prices.  Vince 
  Please, try to mobilize the members of the group who have not made a contribution yet. Research is shown as a separate group in all the reports and we may stand out as unit at the end of this week.  Vince 
 Mike,  We discussed United Way last Thursday when you were on the 32nd floor monitoring the hurricane.  Vince 
 Anne,  Thanks for your quick action on Prasanna. He came to us looking for a transfer. I was reluctant to do it in the first place, because we try to avoid poaching other groups. Given that his reviews are less than enthusiastic, we shall write him off.   Vince 
 http://netec.mcc.ac.uk/WoPEc/data/Papers/wopcirano97s41.html   http://www.cera.com/client/knowledgearea/report/0,1448,CID2403_KID2_TYPRPT,00.html 
 Amitava,  Conratulations.  Vince 
  FY  Vince 
 Shawn,  Let's do lunch. It's long overdue. we have been planning it for a long time.   Vince 
 We crossed the 50% participation mark.   Vince 
 Rabi,   Congratulations.  Vince 
 Marc,  We already have a basket option model that we can adapt for this transaction.  I shall talk with Sandeep and Vasant about it.  Vince 
 I will attend.  Vince Kaminski 
 Hello John,  Thanks for the lead. I have seen other papers on this topic.  Vince 
  Liz,  FYI. Can we firm up either date? I am getting the impression they are getting impatient.   Vince 
  FYI  Vince 
 Gwyn,  Congratulations.  Vince 
 Sheridan,  I am going out to lunch with Rick Buy today and will mention the valuation seminar. I shall ask Rick how many employees from his group he would send to this program.  I have no suggestions regarding the program, except that the last year selection of topics was very interesting. You can include e-bus and on-line trading as the topics for 2002.   My address is:  1400 Smith Houston, TX 77002 - 7361 Room EB1962   Vince 
 Mike,  Great idea. My son built his own computer. He can help.  Also, we are meeting Greg for 10 mins on Monday.  Vince 
 Norman,  My apologies for the delay in firming up the date of our trip.  Ay you may know, we had an explosion at our Teesside plant in Northern England. The accident coincided with Greg's trip to London and Greg got immersed in all the problems related to it.  I hope to have a final decision on Monday morning when he comes back to Houston.   Vince 
 Terry 281-296-0573 
 Eric,  Do you have a list of the members of the Research Group who have/have not  contributed so far? I am afraid that you may have an outdated list and a list including some temporary summer employees/ interns who cannot contribute even if they want (they are not in the system). I think our participation may a bit higher.  Vince 
  FYI,  We need to get to at least 80%.  I am also talking to Erik Thode: I am afraid he has a list of the group distorted by the summer employees who cannot contribute even if they want to (they are not in the system).   Vince 
 Vasant,  Thanks. FYI. Our internal RAC models assign roughly BB credit rating to Enron.   Vince 
 Hello,  Thanks for your message. I think that we can resume our discussions in a few months. We have currently a large group of highly skilled Enron employees who, given that we have effectively an internal labor market, are looking for alternative positions. We are giving them a priority in the hiring decisions.  Vince 
 Thanks.  Vince 
 Nelson,  I fully agree. They are free to donate as much as they want to charity as they wish, but it does not have to be through Enron.  Vince 
 Hello Chris,  Thanks for your message.  The first two pages look like an good opening to an article on a spark spread option.  A few comments.  1. A spark spread model has two primary uses. It can be used for pricing stand alone options traded in the OTC markets and also can be used as foundation stone for a real options valuation model of a generation plant. 
 Test  vkaminski@aol.com    prywatny  adres   (713) 853 3848 (o) (281) 367 5377 (h) 
 Managing Energy Risk Price, Risk Magazine Books, 2nd edition  Clewlow, Strickland, Energy Derivatives 
 Eric,  Oren Zimmerman ( # 19) resigned and  should be removed from the list. Numbers 15 & 12 are part-time employees, a high school and college students, respectively, and we should not consider them in the total as well.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Tom, Lance, Martin,  This meeting is regarding Brazil and hydro conditions in this country. Let's meet Wednesday to talk about the ways we can contribute to solving this problem. Tom, where do we stand with SDDP?   Vince 
  Joe,  I can bring to the meeting some members of my group who support power modeling and have experience with hydro systems and transmission. Do you want me to include them in the meting? I understand it's about Brazil.  Vince 
 Yes, they are in the acquisition mode. I think the stock will do OK long-term.  Vince 
 Diane,  I will have it for you shortly.  Vince 
 Hello Christie,   It makes sense to invite somebody from EIM (Ray Bowen?) to the luncheon.  By the way, what is the location?  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Martin, Tom,   Can you join me at the meeting with Joe Kishkil on Thu, 1:00 p.m. re Brazil hydro problems?  Vince 
 Ryszard,  Go to the Lacima web site (http://www.lacimagroup.com/) and you can buy the book directly.  Wicek 
 Diane,  This is the headcount projection for 2002. I am slightly above my plan for 2001 that I am under performing now.  Sorry for the delay.  Vince 
  Shirley,  Please, let's review it and see if any re-class is involved.  Vince 
 Norman,  Sorry  for a delay in responding to you. The trip this week, August 17, is impossible. As you know by now, our CEO, Jeff Skilling, resigned today and Greg will be tied up in analyst calls for the next few days.  We still hope to be able to visit you on the 24th, as long as you are still available on this day.  Just in case, please advise me about you availability on Friday, August 31st.   Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Frank,  Sorry for a delay in responding to your message. As you can imagine, after Jeff Skilling's resignation, Greg Whalley will be tied up in a few additional stock analysts' presentations.  We are still planning trips to California and New Mexico that we would like to combine and would like very much to meet and exchange opinions with you.  Please, advise me about your availability during the next 2 - 3 weeks. Hopefully, we can reconcile our schedules and meet soon.  Vince 
 Scott,  Thanks for the message. I have talked to HR today and they will be contacting you regarding the offer.  We shall work out the details this week. Of course, we have to go through our usual procedures and I leave it to our HR department.  Vince 
  Great. A big jump in participation.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Liz,  FYI. This is the person at Stanford Greg would like to meet.  Vince 
 Hi Joe,  I called you Tuesday and left a message on your voice mail.  Jeff's address is:  jeff.skilling@enron.com   Vince 
  Liz,  An update on Frank's availability at Stanford.   Vince 
 Osman,  Here it is. Sorry for the delay.  Vince 
 Liz,  What about suggesting Friday, September 7 for the Santa Fe, Prediction Co, trip? Greg would like to combine the trip with a weekend in Santa Fe.  We could go to Stanford on Thursday, the day before.  Also, they want to speak about the agenda and the NDA. Can you ask Greg if he wants to participate in the conference call? I want to propose Friday, 2:00 p.m. our time, for a conference call. Given that they want to discuss the NDA, we could include the lawyer, Mark Taylor, as well.  Vince 
 Anne,  Shalesh told me that his visited his HR screen some time ago and it showed a promotion to an Associate. This entry was reversed later.  Any reason for that? It may be related to his transfer from EBS. We can check with his previous business unit whether they gave /promised him a promotion.   Vince 
 Liz,  We can schedule the trip sometimes between September the 3rd and September the 5th. I was shooting for Friday only because it worked better for Greg.  Vince 
 Brian,  It sounds great. I know from personal experience that it's much better to d= evelop a new technology quietly and test it before everybody develops high expecta= tions. If you don't manage the management, they will give you zero credit for the idea, and a lot of grief for slow deployment.  I see the usefulness of this technology in many places where we trade power= .  Is it OK to consult one my associates (Martin Lin) and  ask him for his opinion? He knows infinitely more about transmission than I do.  A lunch / dinner at a Sardinian restaurant would be great. I spent a summer in Sardinia in 1970.  Vince 
 Anne,  Thanks for a very quick (as always) reaction. I want to ask you for another favor. Can you send me the list, for my files, of promotions after the last PRC?   Vince 
 Martin,  Any thoughts on this project?  Vince 
 John,  I will teach the option class in the spring (starting sometimes in February). I don't see any problem if you want to audit the  class.  Vince 
 Jim,  What about 2 p.m., my time, on Friday, August 17. If this works for you, I shall try to invite a lawyer who wrote the draft of the non-disclosure agreement.  Vince 
 Brian,  Another interesting problem that may lead to a trip to an exotic place.  As you know, Brazil is in the midst of a very severe power shortage. About 95% of installed capacity in Brazil is hydro (out of about 65 GW) and the level of water in the reservoirs  is about 20% of the normal. We have a huge exposure in Brazil given our LDC investments and merchant power plants.  Measuring water level in the reservoirs is a critical project and boys from Brazil are asking for help. We have looked into a similar problem in Norway and came up with interesting technical solutions but had to drop it because of lawyers' objections. These objections may not apply to Brazil.  Can we arrange for a conference call between you and me and Remy Collonge from Sao Paulo to discuss the problem? He will be  back in his office on Tuesday .  I shall call you tomorrow about it. What is your phone number?  Vince 
 Marshall,  Thanks. My assistant will call him to confirm.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Brian,  Thanks. I shall ask Shirley to set up a conference call with Remy on Tuesday. You can come up to the 19th floor if you wish. I shall ask Martin Lin to join us well.  Vince 
 Eric,  FYI  Vince 
 Nelson,  Thanks.   Vince 
  Brian,  FYI  Vince 
 Laura,  Sorry for a delay in responding to  your previous message.  My boss, Greg Whalley will be traveling a lot during the next 2 weeks, visiting different offices of Enron. It seems at this point that we may be able to visit  you in Santa Fe in the first part of the week of September the 3rd. Please, advise me of your availability.  I apologize for our inability to commit to a firm date at this point. I would like to assure you of our continuing interest in working with you in the future.   Vince 
 Jim,  Confirmed.  Vince 
  --------------------------vince kaminski 
 Billy,  I have received an invitation to speak to a graduating class of the Quantitative and Computational Finance program at Georgia Tech. The URL is included in the message below.  Would you be interested in arranging for  a presentation at this school about the A/A Program, coinciding with my visit?  Vince 
 Tom,   Select on of the courses. Hard to say which one is the best.  Vince 
 I consider  attending a course you are teaching. Can you, please, send me an electronic version of the booklet "Introduction to Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery, Third Edition"   Vince Kaminski Managing Director Enron Corp. 
 Dear Mr. de la Fuente,  I appreciate the  invitation to the conference on Ten  Years of Electricity Deregulation and Restructuring. I shall be able to make a decision next week.   Vince Kamnski 
  Tanya,  Can you help this guy?  Vince 
 Jim,  I shall call you from my office (713) 853 3848 at 2 p.m. Is 505-984-3123 OK?  Vince 
 Dear Samantha,  My associate, Steve Leppard, sent me a message about a conversation he had with you regarding books on quantitative aspects of trading different commodities.  I shall be very glad to talk to you about different approaches we can take (books ranging from a very general introduction to different commodity markets to highly technical treaties) and about the contribution  Enron could make.  You can take a quick look at the book published by Risk magazine, "Managing Energy Price Risk", 2nd edition. This collection of papers was probably the best selling book Risk published so far. It is a good starting point to a conversation about different  options you might consider.  Please, feel free to give me a call. My direct number is 713 853 3848.  Vince Kaminski 
 Milind,  Here are my coo