 approved 
 Fyi -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 yes 
 Thinking of you. 
 Karen - please send a copy. 
 A penetrating exposition of French culture.  Useful prep for the girls' next French test. 
 I'm meeting with Jerry Patterson today.  He is running for Texas Land Commissioner.  Jean said yesterday that we have given him a significant amount of money and that Ken has made a personal contribution.  Eliz - please tell me what we have given -- PAC and corporate, if any.  Sally - could you tell me of Ken's personal contribution? 
 Good update.  Please put me on the distribution list for future installments. What about the net benefits test?  Will the rate agreement suffice?  call to discuss. 
 I've talked to McConnell, Shankman and Reck and gave them my OK. 
 I think this would be awkward given the large number of Business units 
 Attached is my resignation from the PAC. 
 Why not point out that we are always adjusting employment levels across our businesses.  We have people leaving as we reorganize or reduce activities in certain areas and we have people moving to other areas or being hired into areas where we are starting new businesses or growing.  We simply have not had the mass layoffs that other companies have announced. 
 fyi 
 Packet is on it's way by fed ex.  Maureen will call the organizers. 
 approved 
 I sent the approval to JoAnn 
  wanted to make sure you saw this 
 I'm sure you are aware of this, but I am passing along just in case. 
 please reply to Lucy.  thanks 
 We are setting up a process to respond directly to these and other comments, questions and concerns.  Our success depends in part on our responsiveness to these observations. 
 In my email inbox I have a few expense reports for me and John Brindle.  Please review and approve John's.  Please check on mine:  they show that they are paid but on one it looks like they paid double.  It may be that the first one didn't go so they reissued it, but I just want to make sure that it was paid and only paid once. 
 We should get the focus off of "micromanaging FERC".  This isn't about a federal agency; this is about which approach will produce the best outcome for consumers and our message needs to be couched in those terms.  Obviously, our view is that FERC's approach, at least so far, appears most likely to produce the kind of market which will ensure reliable, secure and affordable power.  I like the "gerrymandering" message.  A process dependent on compromise (eg a legislative body like congress) is going to produce a "camel" and that won't work for customers.  Truth be told it was this same kind of compromised, political, consensus-building exercise which produced AB 1890 and the resulting debacle in California's energy market. 
 here it is 
 What do you know about this guy? 
 I like your revised version.  I have placed a call to Barton.  In case I don't reach him, I put the attached letter together.  What do you think? 
 I like the first opening paragraph better.  Also, please don't use the term "corporate relations".  I think "community relations" works fine and won't create as much confusion with public relations, corporate communications or other functions.  thanks 
 I like Jim to make these calls because he is up to date on the legal community and our interests there.  Put in the request and send to Eliz, then we'll put it in front of derrick. 
 she might ... might... be a fit in Billy Lemmons group. 
 Thanks for your message.  We met about the fire drill process yesterday and will have something shortly.  One of the issues we are facing is the absence of "floor wardens" -- people who know the procedure and can help it move smoothly if there is a problem.  If you are willing to volunteer, contact mike terraso.  thanks 
 third quarter qs and as 
 fine 
 Stan Horton called about the production tax credit for Enron Wind. (Enron Wind is one of the many companies he's responsible for and he is going to be getting more deeply involved, at least on this issue).  I will forward your latest update (originally to Mark Metts), but I think you should provide a new update for Stan as well as a discussion of what we are doing (or should be doing) to get the extension. 
 Here is the most recent update I have.  I have asked our DC office to give you a further updat and to look into what else we should be doing. The summary below is a bit dated (as is everything done before sept 11).  Congress is now expected to adjourn this month not next.  Otherwise, the report on the prognosis for ultimate passage remains accurate I believe. 
 Absolutely ... Im sorry I saw this so late... we could have talked today.  Let's talk Mon 
  I assume you get these; if not, you should make sure you are on the list. 
 See changes proposed to Q&A.... still working. 
 As discussed 
 see attached 
 revisions 
  we will need to get new business cards 
 [Kean, Steven J.] fyi --- [Kean, Steven J.] 
 See attahced 
 thanks 
 final 
 looks good 
 A very preliminary draft 
 A very rough (off the top of my head) draft. 
 fyi 
 Attached are some messages to consider using for the upcoming internal discussions.  The document is not intended as a script but as a starting point for your remarks. 
 See revised version 
 Paul Kaufman and I met earlier this week with Gov Geringer of Wyoming.  He is supportive of a single RTO though it is not clear that he favors a FERC mandate.  He will wlso be pulling together a small group of Western Govs to meet with Pat Wood to discuss the negative impacts of FERCs refund and rate cap proceedings on Western power markets outside of California.  He has asked us for two things (which I believe Paul, Sue L and Janel are working on):  Agenda and briefing paper we would propose for the Govs meeting with Wood A "white paper: describing the burdens placed on western markets as a result of the price cap and refund processes.  Like most Western govs, Geringer has little tolerance for federal mandates but he is very well informed on energy issues, favors open markets and is very interested particularly in seeing the western power grid opened.  Geringer will also be participating in Bingamin's "panel" on or about Oct 9. 
 Thanx 4 being so patient!!! Here' my 		story!! - Nora 
 See attached with my comments. 
 I didnt select them. 
 thanks Anthony.  It's difficult to see so many smart, hard working people i= n the kinds of circumstances you describe.  Unfortunately, I'm going throug= h some of the same things (on a smaller scale).  We are having to let peopl= e go in my organization.  I simply don't have room, even for a qualified pe= rson like Maurice. Does Global markets still have a presence in Singapore?  If so, perhaps the= re is an opportunity there. 
 Voicemail from Ken? 
 Attached is a set of message points we developed with the finance group for use with our external audiences. 
  fyi 
  Please look into this 
 Redraft (confirm):  Late on October 25th, we received information about a possible threat to the Enron Center.  We are in communication with law enforcement authorities who have informed us that the threat is not specific and is unsubstantiated.  Nonetheless we take all threats seriously and have increased the security presence at the Enron Center still further.  In addition, today's Big E Cafe event has been cancelled.  Once again, if you observe suspicious behavior, please call security at 3-6200. 
 here it is 
 Please look into this and give Shelley a call back 
 We can always reconsider in the sense of providing support to someone else, but the money to Brown is out the door. I would still like to see the data. 
 Bob Eury is asking Ken to lend his name and encourage employee support for light rail. Rosie please confirm with Ken, but I think he should allow Bob Eury to use his name in support of the mainstreet light rail project campaign (yes on prop 1 and no on prop 3), but I would say no on employee support (attending rallies etc) right now.  We have too much to do right now.  Assuming he agrees, let Misha know. 
 Got your msg. Call me at 832.865.2445. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Nice work.  Thanks 
 No, but thanks. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  Some additional background on the California refund issue.  Consistent with what we discussed; just some additional detail. 
 looks good 
 Tracey prepared the attached to make sure we had the facts surrounding another related party (the Travel Agency in the Park).  As you'll see from the attached use of the agency is encouraged (for sound business reasons) but is not mandatory 
 Thanks so much for the message. I am hanging in and hanging on, as is everyone else. I have never seen such courage and strength in an uncertain environment. Thanks for your offer.. You hang in there too. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 No.  We have reallocated some of the responsibilities, but Cindy has a significant part of the HR organization and continues to manage Community Relations, so her title is accurate.  Thanks 
 looks fine 
 We should include David Oxley -- VP of human resources. 
  I couldn't find what I was being asked to approve 
 OK 
 I would like to see research from all of these sources on areas of interest to enron -- energy and broadband, North America and Europe.  Thanks     "Henry Emery" <HEMERY@firstunion1.com> on 07/19/2001 12:03:17 PM 
 Congrats     Linda Robertson 07/19/2001 09:44 AM 
 fyi 
 These are useful updates.  Please include Whalley, Lavorato, Parquet, Dietrich, Delainey, Kitchens, Haedicke, Sanders, Kirby, Sharp, Leff, Calger, Belden etc on future updates.  Thanks 
 Can you circulate the link to Cal TV again?     "Scott Govenar" <sgovenar@govadv.com> on 07/16/2001 01:58:41 PM Please respond to <sgovenar@govadv.com> 
 calendar and meeting file 
 fyi 
 Subject:	2- SURVEY/INFORMATION EMAIL - 7/19/01  Current Notes User:  To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey. Double Click on document to put it in "Edit" mode. When you finish click "Close" select "Save Changes Only" click "O.K" then re-open the e-mail and click on the 'Reply With History' button then hit 'Send'  Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.  Thank you.  Outlook 2000 Migration Team  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Full Name:	Steven J. Kean  Login ID:  	skean  Extension:  	3-1586  Office Location:  EB 4712C  What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  Laptop  Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, Jornada)  None  Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar?  No If yes, who?  Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar? If yes, who?  Yes - Maureen McVicker, Ginger Dernehl, Linda Noske  Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book? If yes, who?  No  Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book? If yes, who?  Yes - Maureen McVicker  Do you have access to a shared calendar? If yes, which shared calendar?  No  Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for mass mailings)? If yes, please list here:  No  Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use:   Project Tracking  In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will need to know: 
 Great news.  With respect to the Commissoners, I think it makes sense to go back through Ellen and ask if she could set up meetings with a few commissioners ater the staff briefing.     "wgramm" <wgramm@osf1.gmu.edu> on 07/17/2001 03:23:19 PM Please respond to <wgramm@osf1.gmu.edu> 
 Welcome and thanks for contacting me.  Let me know if there is anything I can do to help.  I'll ask my assistant to get in touch in the next couple of weeks.  Maybe we could have lunch?  Also, my wife is working with the Dean of the Rice engineering school on a history of engineering at Rice.  If your wife would like to get to know the engineering community in Houston, we may be able to help out. 
 I kept your contact list, but now I can't find the CV you sent.  Would you mind resending?     Kevin Scott <kevinscott@onlinemailbox.net> on 06/20/2001 02:02:00 PM Please respond to kevinscott@onlinemailbox.net 
 Bonnie:  Please forward to Michael Kirby. I think the draft looks good.  Could you also prepare a draft of the letter we discussed yesterday to convey the proposal to the committee?     "Bonnie Hugyez" <blh@pkns.com> on 07/17/2001 12:34:20 AM 
 Attached are some late night thoughts on the portal.  Most of this is focussed on the portal for opinion leaders, but some of it could be applicable to the comemrcial portal as well.  Could you forward this to Palmer ... for some reason my address book doesn't pull him up when I'm off the system. 
 I think it would be a good idea for them to talk, but I wouldn't want Jeff to go to California right now.  Maybe they could meet outside the state (if, for example, brown is going to be in DC or New York) or by phone. 
 Let's talk.  While there is always some value in these things it is ususally quite small and consumes more valuable resources in trying to capture the benefit than the benefit itself. 
 I'm glad things are moving forward.  I've talked with Dave briefly and will follow up with him again.     Kevin Scott <kevinscott@onlinemailbox.net> on 07/13/2001 10:14:01 AM Please respond to kevinscott@onlinemailbox.net 
 Thanks for getting on top of this.  Please get the word out to the HR team leaders as soon as you know more. 
 I'm still a junkie .... please email copies of the orders. 
 See last point:  MIT would like to talk to us about energy procurement and management.  Could you put someone in touch with them? 
 See last story attached.  Congratulations, it looks like you are shaking th= ings up in typical Enron fashion. 
  fyi ... anybody we can recommend? 
 decline 
 See attached 
 Great summary.  I think the two main issues you raise are the right ones, b= ut I have one other thought we should discuss internally.  Do we want to cr= eate a set of incentives for the management of PJM that would entitle manag= ement to incentive compensation to the extent they meet certain goals -- eg= relieving congestion on the grid, increasing throughput across the transmi= ssion system, expediting interconnection (measured in terms of actual inter= connections not just applications approved), etc.  This way we could create= an organization that would have the incentive to make a workable and open = transmission system. 
 I couldn't open link.  I s this something new for me to sign or have I already complied? 
 Attached is the final letter.  Please note - there was a small change at the top of page 2. 
 I think this is an excellent letter.  I agree with Sue's comments and have included her changes on Page 3.  All changes have been marked in this version. 
 Enron also announced today a restructuring of its broadband business.  Conditions in the broadband industry have reduced revenue opportunities in the sector.  "The strategy we pursued in the broadband business will allow us to quickly restructure this business without affecting our strong earnings outlook,"  said Skilling. 
 My comments are attached.  I think the pleading is well written, but, as you'll see from my comments, I believe we should be incorporating more of the arguments from the previous pleading. 
  fyi 
 As discussed. 
 I know we are holding for a later filing, but I have attached further comments anyway.  The document is still too rough to send out.  We need to take the opportunity, as soon as possible, to get a hard hitting, thoroughly researched and carefully written document in front of the Commissioners.  California's reaction to the Judge's recommendation is likely to give FERC (especially the new commissioners) a feel for how irrational the California politicians can be.  We will have a limited opportunity to take advantage of that realization.  We need to hit it hard in the pleading, our conversations at the Commission, the Hill and the media. 
 I love you.  Call me. 
 The letter looks good.  A couple of comments for your consideration:  On page three we describe the change to the definition of Public Utility an= d then argue that we don't fit into it.  Would it be worth explaining why t= hat makes sense?  Specifically, the New Jersey restructuring law, like most= efforts of its kind in other markets, is designed to separate the competit= ive from monopoly elements of the power (and gas) businesses.  Economic reg= ulation would then be restricted to the remaining monopoly elements of the = business (eg distribution).  The competitive market can not be solely relie= d upon to "regulate" the behavior of monopoly asset owners, such as distrib= ution utilities.  Therefore, regulators continue to be called upon to set p= ricing and other terms of service.  What those regulators decide matters a = great deal to those monopoly utilities and it consequently makes sense for = lawmakers to be concerned about attempts by such entities to use campaign c= ontributions to tacitly influence decision makers.  The same public policie= s simply do not apply to that portion of the market which is competitive.  = The generation and sales business has a competitive structure (i.e. relativ= ely low barriers to entry, multiple competitors etc.).  These components of= the power and gas business can be "regulated" by the market with respect t= o rates and terms of service.  They do not require economic regulation any = more than grocery stores, department stores, appliance sellers or other "re= tailers" (who presumably are not prohibited from making contributions.  Com= petition and markets discipline behavior and establish competitive prices a= nd terms of service.  Because regulators don't set the prices and terms of = service for such sellers, there is no reason to be concerned about campaign= contribuitions from such organizations.  Indeed, the legislation, and the = legislative history, clearly conform to this underlying policy rationale. As a former practicing lawyer, I certainly understand the value of pleading= in the alternative.  But, I question how certain of our arguments woud be = perceived by the public if they ever came to light (which these documents h= ave a habit of doing).. .  I can just see the press seizing on Enron's clai= m of "ignorance or mistake" or the fact that we pled for the favorable exer= cise of "prosecutorial discretion".  I suggest that we add whatever we feel= is necessary to the very solid looking intent argument, not make specific = reference to "ignorance or mistake", and not plead for the favorable esxerc= ise of PD.  If we feel we need to write about this last item, perhaps we co= uld suggest that it would be a waste of the public's resources to pursue a = claim under such circumstances. 
 Has this previously been covered by the Office of the Chairman budget?  If so, please handle; otherwise let me know. 
 fyi 
 fyi 
 see below.  Federal price limits backfire=20 Some generators withhold power rather than abide by rate caps=20 David Lazarus, Chronicle Staff Writer=20 Wednesday, July 4, 2001=20 ?2001 San Francisco Chronicle =20 URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=3D/chronicle/archive/20= 01/07/04/MN186091.DTL =20 Officials in California and Nevada, after months of lobbying for federal re= gulators to cap Western power prices, warned yesterday that the newly impos= ed limits have had the unintended consequence of increasing a threat of bla= ckouts in the two states.=20 The warnings were issued as California came within minutes of rolling black= outs yesterday afternoon, and one day after the first-ever rolling blackout= s in Las Vegas forced energy-hungry casinos to shut off fountains and reduc= e air conditioning.=20 The two states are asking the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to take = a closer look at the so-called price mitigation plan and come up with revis= ions that would deter power companies from withholding electricity during s= hortages.=20 "We need some clarity to this order," said Oscar Hidalgo, a spokesman for t= he California Department of Water Resources, which is spending billions of = dollars to keep the state's lights on.=20 "Generators need to be held accountable," he said.=20 The crux of the problem is that price limits kick in during shortages, yet = power companies say these caps force them to sell power at below-market rat= es during periods of high demand.=20 Some companies have responded by holding back power rather than face the ex= pense of shipping electricity from state to state. Each mile that electrici= ty must be transmitted adds to the overall cost.=20 "No one's going to pay for transmission if the cost is near the caps," said= Gary Ackerman, executive director of the Western Power Trading Forum, an e= nergy-industry association in Menlo Park.=20 Ackerman said several companies in his organization decided that there was = no economic advantage to offering power in regional markets when price cont= rols are in effect.=20 "This means individual regions like California or Las Vegas could end up no= t having enough," Ackerman said. "It increases the threat of blackouts."=20 BLACKOUT ALERT CANCELED California authorities issued a blackout alert at 1:45 p.m. yesterday when = power reserves dipped to dangerously low levels. They canceled the alert ab= out an hour later, after finding additional supplies.=20 "Everyone in the West is fighting for megawatts," said Stephanie McCorkle, = a spokeswoman for the California Independent System Operator, which oversee= s the state's power network.=20 The Golden State's latest brush with lights-out conditions came a day after= Nevada experienced its own rolling blackouts for the first time, prompting= heavy power users such as the MGM Grand and Caesars Palace to dim their li= ghts.=20 Don Soderberg, chairman of the Nevada Public Utilities Commission, said tha= t the sudden power emergency took state authorities by surprise and that th= ey are investigating to see what role the federal price limits may have had= in exacerbating Monday's shortage.=20 "We're looking very closely at this," he said. "There seems to be a potenti= al for unintended consequences."=20 Specifically, Soderberg said Nevada is focusing on operators of older, less= - efficient plants who would find profit margins shrinking, if not vanishin= g, under capped prices.=20 "We're going to see how the caps might have played into this," he said.=20 The federal ceiling in 10 Western states, excluding California, is about $9= 2 per megawatt hour. In California, a 10 percent surcharge is added because= of the state's credit risk, bringing the price to just over $101.=20 Ackerman at the Western Power Trading Forum said regional price controls ha= ve extended California's power crisis to neighboring states.=20 "California sneezed and the rest of the region caught the virus," he said.= =20 'LAWYERS LOOKING FOR LOOPHOLES'=20 California and Nevada officials, however, said that they still have faith t= hat price limits can stabilize Western electricity markets but that federal= regulators may have to tweak the system so that power companies cannot wit= hhold output.=20 "The generators have banks of lawyers looking for loopholes (in the plan),"= said Hidalgo at the Department of Water Resources.=20 Unfortunately, it may take some time for the regulators to revisit an issue= that they took up only with the greatest reluctance. For months, federal r= egulators refused to impose price controls, preferring instead to let suppl= y and demand determine costs.=20 Hidalgo said that when it appeared that power companies were throttling bac= k on output Monday, California officials immediately dialed the hot line nu= mber provided by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in case of emerge= ncies.=20 "No one answered," he said. "They were closed."=20 State officials tried again yesterday, and this time were told that the com= mission would look into the matter. They were not given a time frame for wh= en the commission might come up with a response.=20 E-mail David Lazarus at dlazarus@sfchronicle.com .=20 ?2001 San Francisco Chronicle    Page A - 1=20      Out-of-state generators pull plug over uncertainty on price controls By Dale Kasler Bee Staff Writer (Published July 3, 2001)=20 Confused by the federal government's new controls on electricity prices, ge= nerators withheld so much power from California on Monday that the state wa= s nearly plunged into rolling blackouts, state officials said.=20 The confusion began when the state's electric grid operators declared a Sta= ge 1 power alert in the early afternoon, triggering the price caps for the = first time since they went into effect June 21.=20 Out-of-state generators pulled about 1,500 megawatts of electricity off the= table at midafternoon, enough to power about 1.1 million homes, because of= uncertainty about how much they could charge under the new Federal Energy = Regulatory Commission pricing system, said Oscar Hidalgo, spokesperson for = the state Department of Water Resources. The department buys electricity fo= r the state's financially distressed utilities.=20 "They didn't understand what they were going to be paid; there was confusio= n over the FERC order," Hidalgo said. "We saw 1,500 megawatts disappear."= =20 The problem was exacerbated by a heat wave across the West, which forced Ca= lifornia to compete with other states for scarce electricity, he said. Roll= ing blackouts hit southern Nevada.=20 Most California officials credit the FERC system, which is based on a varia= ble price cap, with reining in what had been a runaway wholesale power mark= et. But power generators have complained that the price caps, by limiting p= rofits, could discourage the production of critically needed electricity. A= nd as Monday's episode suggested, even the uncertainty about where the cap = will fall could lead to unexpected shortages.=20 "That's the risk that you run (with price controls)," said Arthur O'Donnell= , editor of the newsletter California Energy Markets. "People want any kind= of certainty at all."=20 Hidalgo said the state avoided blackouts only because of last-minute import= s from the Bonne=07ville Power Administration, the federal agency that mark= ets government-produced hydroelectric power in the Pacific Northwest. The s= tate went into a Stage 2 power alert, the next-to-last level before blackou= ts are ordered. The alert was canceled in late afternoon.=20 The blackouts would have been the first in California since May 8.=20 FERC imposed a round-the-clock ceiling on power throughout the West. The pr= ice fluctuates and is tied to the production costs of the least-efficient p= lant operating in California during a "power alert" declared by the Indepen= dent System Operator, which runs the state's power-transmission grid. When = there's no alert, prices can't exceed 85 percent of the cap that was establ= ished during the latest alert.=20 Until Monday, the maximum price held steady at about $101 a megawatt-hour i= n California. But when the ISO declared a Stage 1 power alert in early afte= rnoon, signifying that reserve supplies had dwindled to less than 7 percent= of demand, confusion set in, Hidalgo and others said.=20 Because of a steep drop in the price of natural gas, which fuels many Calif= ornia power plants, suppliers knew the cap would fall. But no one knew by h= ow much until the price was posted by the ISO.=20 The ceiling for California fell to about $77 at 3 p.m. but was back up to $= 98 in two hours, according to the ISO. Those prices include the 10 percent = premium that sellers can charge California because FERC said there's a cred= it risk in selling to the state.=20 O'Donnell said it's likely suppliers will pull back from the market every t= ime the ISO declares a power alert.=20 In-state generators have to operate their plants if summoned by the ISO. Bu= t out-of-state suppliers can withhold supplies, and on Monday it was the ou= t-of-staters that were pulling back, Hidalgo said.=20  The Bee's Dale Kasler can be reached at (916) 321-1066 or dkasler@sacbee.co= m .=20      Power Sales Halted by New Pricing Curbs=20 Electricity: Confused suppliers, unsure what they will be paid, refuse to s= ell to state, which asks FERC for a ruling but doesn't get it.=20  By NANCY VOGEL, Times Staff Writer=20  SACRAMENTO--Confusion over new federal price restrictions prompted sev= eral electricity sellers to back away from sales to California on Monday af= ternoon, pushing the state closer to blackouts, energy officials said. The state lost sales that would have provided enough electricity to su= pply more than 1 million homes, said Ray Hart, deputy director of the Calif= ornia Department of Water Resources, which has been buying much of the stat= e's electricity since January. At least five companies producing or marketing power "are telling us t= hat since they don't know what they're going to get paid, they're not going= to take the risk, and so they're not going to sell the energy," Hart said. The electricity sales fell through after power consumption soared in s= ummer heat and grid operators were forced to declare a Stage 1 emergency, m= eaning reserves had dipped below 7%. It was the first such emergency since = May 31. Under a June 19 order by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission inte= nded to bring down wholesale electricity markets across the West, a power e= mergency in California triggers the setting of a new price limit that appli= es to power plant owners from Washington to Arizona.=20 The new price is supposed to be based upon whatever it costs to run th= e most inefficient, expensive power plant selling electricity to California= grid operators during the first full hour of a Stage 1 emergency. But much uncertainty remains about exactly how and when the new price = is supposed to be established under the commission's order, and that appare= ntly drove away sellers, Hart said. Shortly after the state issued the Stage 1 alert at 1:30 p.m., putting= the old price limit of $90 per megawatt-hour in question, companies that h= ad committed to provide the state electricity hour by hour Monday afternoon= backed out, Hart said. The companies include TransAlta Energy Marketing of= Oregon, Constellation Power of Baltimore and Sempra Energy Trading, a unit= of the San Diego-based energy conglomerate. Forced to dip even deeper into the state's power reserves and declare = a Stage 2 emergency, water agency officials called the federal energy commi= ssion's hotline for clarification about what the new price should be and wh= en it should take effect. They got no answer. Hart said commission officials reached at home promised to try to clar= ify their order today. One outstanding question is what obligations power s= uppliers have to deliver electricity to California in an emergency. Both buyers and sellers in the market agree that the new price, when i= t is set, will probably be lower than $90 per megawatt-hour because the pri= ce of natural gas, the main fuel in California power plants, has dropped la= tely. Temperatures soared several degrees higher Monday than grid operators = had anticipated. But they said they expected to avoid rolling blackouts in = part because the Bonneville Power Administration in Portland, Ore., had agr= eed to provide several hundred megawatts of Pacific Northwest hydropower ea= ch hour in exchange for a return of electricity from California later this = summer. "Bonneville is giving us emergency power to get us through," Hart said= .=20  Copyright 2001 Los Angeles Times=20 
 My suggestions are attached. Take the gloves off. 
 George "Herbert Hoover" Bush. 
 I am so sorry.  You guys gave him a really good life. 
 Please see the attached. 
 calendar 
 Yes. Maureen - please schedule. 
 I doubt that this is worth the trouble (i.e. running it through a conflict of interest check, ensuring no liability for actions taken on the advice, etc). 
 I know we got a lot of grief on the Hill when we had our fight with UC/CSU.  Now we have settled and this release will go out (with some modification) today. 
 Is there an alternative quote we could use instead of the reference to "stabilizing" in the California market?  I think I know what we mean but most outside readers would see the situation as unstable.  Perhaps we could reference the continued availability of direct access or renewed interest in Enron's offerings? 
 Has this gone to Ken yet.  If not please send. 
  per my voicemail 
 Sorry for the delay (I had major e-mail problems).  The memo looks good; let's get it out. 
 Yes, Phillippe left to join a firm in New York -- I don't know who. 
 You may want to forward this to your customers. 
 Rep Scott McGinnis (colo) told Ken that he would like to be briefed on the California and broader energy situation so that he can speak out on the issue. Also, don't forget that we need to go see your buddy Newt! 
 EB 4712C  Ext. 3-1586 
 testing 
 Steve will be in a Managing Director PRC that day - not sure if he will be out in time for a 5:30 event.  Maureen 
 I get in too late tonight, but maybe dinner or drinks on Thurs? 
 fwefewfewew 
 This is Steve Kean's PAB 
 Here is the slide presentation we were talking about this morning. 
 No change.  The plan is to make the changes effective 1.01.02.  We need to discuss the communication of the changes.  My recollection from one of our earlier conversations is that this is considered a benefit change and therefore must be communicated.  Is that right?  Is it all employees or only US based? 
 I have a question related to your former responsibilities:  As you know Terry Thorn had significant involvement in the IGU (I believe he is still Chairman).  With his retirement (eff Aug 1) he is asking Ken Lay about the possibility of continuing on behalf of Enron.  My inclination is to simply resign the Chairmanship, but there are other options: let Terry continue (I think I know your view on that), or replace Terry with another Enron person.  What do you think? 
 Call at 5:00 today (3:00 your time), if you can. 
 The attachment was scrambled.  Can you send in word format? 
 Further to our conversation of the other day, we have compiled some information on political contributions by other corporations.  Please see attached spreadsheet.  As you will note, energy companies are already heavily slanted to the Republican party (as are Pharmaceuticals for the most part).  The interesting one is the financial sector, where contributions are more evenly split with one (Bank of America) heavily slanted to the Democrats.  Have a look and let's talk. 
 I take your point, but to clarify my intent in gathering this information: I'm not making the case for a different "tilt" to our giving; I was looking for information about the total giving (including individuals) by companies which share a common viewpoint and may face some of the same risks that we face if the democrats continue their runaway campaign of corporation bashing.  Pharmaceuticals were included because Ken sits on Lilly's board and wanted a closer look at that sector.  Ken asked for the information because he is at least thinking about making an appeal to the business community to send some of the same strong messages we are beginning to send. 
  Looks fine to me, but I would change the second sentence to refer to the "council" meeting twice per year (as opposed to "committee") 
 Looks good to me (I would not invite Glynn to dinner the night before, though). 
  Please forward to Ralph Reed 
  Jerry was one of the people from Mercatus conducting a seminar on financial and physical markets for FERC staff 
 I don't have a role for Tom at this time, but I appreciate the interest. 
  Looks fine to me 
 Ken had suggested that we try to get Schmalensee (sp?) for the October meeting as a substitute for Joskow.  What do you think? 
 My God ... this will be a lot of work.  How much of this can be pushed to the supervisors? 
 per my voicemail 
 I made some modifications, but we may want to make more ... I think we need to emphasoze the reasonableness of our offer.  The audience should be redefined as the Senators, not just the members of the committee.  Let's discuss. 
 Thanks for your interest.  We have asked Cindy Olson to take the lead on forming this group, so I am forwarding your message. 
 JoAnn Hill is on vacation; I'll look into it. 
 Ken -- the process description (i.e. where Brown could play a key role) is discussed in the middle of the update document. 
 Ken is talking to Willie Brown today.  He will encourage him to get involved as a facilitator for a comprehensive solution to the California problem.  Ken would like to have the following information to provide Brown perhaps next week:  Listing of who is owed how much in California Listing of the forward contract holders and the relative size of their positions. Any insights about the correlation (or lack of correlation) between the names on those lists Listing of the defendants in the class action suits.  The objective is to identify for Brown what his leverage would be (and what benefits could be offered) if he were to convene the parties to work for a comprehensive solution.  Please let me know who will take the lead on this. 
 See attached. 
 Attached are the drafts as of Sunday: 
  Let Maggie know. I love you. 
 I think you do need to be there. 
 Revised documents (reflecting less definitive statements on earnings) 
 revised with kll comments (still need to include all employee memo). 
 Just fyi -- Amabile did not present to Enron management as she was unavialable on the day of the meeting.  Some of her work was presented by her colleague and Enron Advisory Council member -- Pankaj Ghemewat. 
 I'd like a copy of this. 
 I wrote some comments last night.  Maureen will fax this am.  As you will see, I have some deep concerns about the story -- content and the prudence of doing such a story. 
 including all employee memo 
 Attached is an organizational statistics summary for the first half of 2001.  The HR organization has been working to develop meaningful reporting of trends in our employee population.  A few highlights from this report:  The employee base continues to grow (though on a significantly slower pace than 2000). Terminations (voluntary and involuntary) are up dramatically this year. Our "contribution loss" (a statistic which uses terminations weighted by the performance ratings of those leaving) has gone up, indicating that we are losing more high performers than in previous periods.  However, those departures of high performers are concentrated in areas of substantial reorganizations (EBS, the former EE&CC and HPL). Let us know if you would like to see additional items on the report or if you have questions about the data. 
 draft of Ken's remarks. 
 test 
 Let's send it out. 
 See below.  These numbers were gathered in the first week of August (during the time that the hypocrisy of Davis' power company bashing was revealed in the conflict of interest scandal).  The reality of his failed approach may finally be catching up with him. 
 I left a message.  Ken has stated publicly that succession will be internal, so we won't be needing these guys. 
 =09Paul Krugman has made frequent negative references to Enron and its mana= gement in his New York Times column over the last twelve months.  I have re= frained from responding until now.  Below (and in the attached in Word form= at) is a letter I hope you will print.  If you wish to contact me, you can = call my office (713.621.6550) or page me (888.906.9761).  Thank you for you= r consideration.  Steven J. Kean Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff Enron Corp.   It's hard to tell what motivates Paul Krugman's frequent attacks on Enron (= "Enron Goes Overboard" August 17).  His latest attack is no more than a str= ing of misstatements and non-sequitors reminiscent of a schoolyard taunt.  = He reveals, in depth, his ignorance of Enron, the people who work here, and= the tragically botched California regulatory regime.  Perhaps he seeks mer= ely to entertain.  =09The broader goal of his personal attack appears to be to discredit the f= ree market system - a system that entrusts people to make choices and enjoy= the fruits of their labor, skill, intellect, and heart. He would apparentl= y rely on a system of government controlled or sponsored monopolies to make= choices for people.  We disagree, finding ourselves less trusting of the i= ntegrity and good faith of such institutions and their leaders.  Ironically= , the example Krugman cites of "financialization" run amok (the electricity= market in California) is the product of exactly his kind of system, with a= ctive government intervention at every step.  Indeed, the only winners in t= he entire California fiasco were the government owned utilities of Los Ange= les, the Pacific Northwest, and British Columbia.  The disaster that squand= ered the wealth of California was born of regulation by the few, not by mar= kets of the many.  So long as Krugman's elitist reasoning prevails, we are = doomed to repeat such mistakes.  Steven J. Kean Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff Enron Corp.  =20 
 I got fed up with Krugman . . . sent this out this am. 
 OK if I forward this to Billy Lemmons, or does he already have it?  I think #90 might be at the heart of the matter.  If we kept the class size= smaller, we could be more selective, pay more for the higher quality talen= t, make more meaningful assignments, and provide for a more active mentorin= g and development program. 
 We recommended this to Ken and I believe he is very willing.  Should be coordinated with Greg Whalley and John Lavorato 
 I received an auto-reply email from Terry Tang indicating that she is on va= cation and that I should forward this to you.  In the meantime,  I have spo= ken to Ken Lay, our Chairman, President and CEO.  He said that he would be = happy to put his name to the letter if that would improve its chances for p= ublication.  Let me know. 
 This is great. Rick, Jim and Elizabeth, we should look at something like this for the rest of the organization. 
 David, please forward to the appropriate person. 
 Starting July 1 we implemented cost savings initiatives designed to reduce Enron's cost structure by over $200 million on an annual basis.  Additionally there has been a substantial amount of restructuring in both EBS and in EES to reduce costs and refocus our business on high value opportunities.  As Ken has said, though, the basic business model and strategy of Enron is sound and promises continued growth -- no changes there.  For example, in the Enron Industrial Markets and Enron Global Markets groups -- efforts begun just over a year ago -- we have already experienced enormous volume and revenue growth and we are making money already in these "first mover" businesses.  Successes like these prove the advantages of our overall strategy and business model.  Combined with some long overdue focus on costs, we should be well on our way to even greater gains in recurring earnings. 
  Thanks so much; it was a tough week, but I am very proud of how the whole team handled it.  Mark, Jeff and I worked on the attached and I agree with your assessment, but IR was not pleased.  Hopefully, we can all move on now and get back to the work at hand.  As much as I enjoyed working with Jeff and looked up to him for his intellectual leadership, I feel like the whole place is energized by Ken's obvious competence, calm, and heart.  I have never felt better about working here. 
 See attached.  Christie -- please check for accuracy on some of the career milestones.  Maureen -- please put on my letterhead. 
 thanks 
 I haven't forgotten.  I have one last trap to run, which I will be able to finish in the next few days. 
 I see my numbers are going up but still not high enough.  Alot of my people are outside of Houston.  Are they solicited anyway?  When we are finished I would like to see a breakdown between my Houston-based and outside Houston numbers. 
 Thanks, Rob.  I was "writing angry" so I wasn't sure how it would come off.= I did have my wife take a look and she assures me I didn't go "overboard"= . 
 At the end of this string is a letter reply to Mr. Krugman's most recent co= lumn.  As indicated below, Ken Lay, our Chairman, President and CEO, would = be happy to put his name to the letter.  That would be our preference.  Let= me know if you need anything more. 
  At the end of this string is a letter reply to Mr. Krugman's most recent co= lumn.  As indicated below, Ken Lay, our Chairman, President and CEO, would = be happy to put his name to the letter.  That would be our preference.  Let= me know if you need anything more. 
 now what? 
 I think you are the right person to get this.  If not, please let me know a= s soon as possible.  See reply to Krugman's August 17 column at the end of = this email string.  Ken Lay, Enron's Chairman and CEO is putting his name t= o the letter and we would prefer that you publish it as such. 
 fyi 
 Thanks for the list.  One clarification:  What do you mean by the sentence starting "How challenged are we really . . ." 
 Well, I guess when you lose 80% of your ad revenue you get a little sensitive. . .   I wouldn't say I berated him; it was more like merciless hassling. 
  See me about this. 
 no message was attached 
  Many quotes from KP -- the Eastern Power Markets Oracle.  On balance a good article.  Thanks for helping out. 
 I believe we have this already.  John B could you send a copy to John S. 
  I think we should find a spot on enron.com to describe management changes. 
 ? 
  Look at the topic below.  Should we send somebody? 
 We are responding.  I'm tempted to compare their decrease in ad revenue with our increase in revenue and EPS -- who's burning out? 
 Privileged and Confidential -- request for legal advice.  Some further questions:    Are we required to have a formal severance plan?  Can we opt not to have a severance plan and simply handle matters on a case-by-case basis (perhaps with "rule of thumb" guidelines)?  If we are required to have such a plan, should we centrally administer the plan to avoid inconsistencies?  My original message regarding the employee involved was raising a somewhat broader concern.  Perhaps because our plans are complicated, we have had occasions where an employee was told something, what he/she was told was incorrect, he/she changed position based on what he/she was told, and then we made the employee bear the risk of the mistake.  Obviously, the right answer is to get it right the first time, but on those occasions where we made the mistake, do we have the flexibility to fix it? 
 I talked to Skilling yesterday and asked him if he would be interested in teaching at the Jones School.  I was very clear that I had not talked to you or anyone else about it yet.  He said he would be interested.  If you would like to talk to him, I'll give you his number. 
 Do we have a time for me to meet with Gil yet? 
 Please coordinate with Linda Robertson -- I'd like her to be at meeting. 
 I know Bob from when he worked for Commissioner Jesse Knight at the California PUC.  It's worth noting that Knight was the lone dissenting voice on the California restructuring fiasco.  I told Bob that we probably didn't have anything for him in government affairs at this time, but that we could possibly help out by circulating his resume on the Hill, FERC and perhaps in the Western States legislative and executive branches (if we hear of anyone looking for his expertise on electric issues).  I am not asking anyone to make extra efforts ... but if you hear of someone looking, please pass Bob's resume along. 
 Please put a confidential backgrounder re Rod Wright for Lay and I.  I'll be joining he and Ken for at least part of the discussion. Don't know/ havent heard anything re LOng Beach 
 Meeting not unitl 9/24 
 Please discuss with Vince.  I don't know how to engage relative importance 
 Jeff's number is 713.621.8620.  He has left for a whitewater rafting trip and won't be back for a couple of weeks I think. 
 Ask IR 
 I think we are out of the stock price prediction business for now.  But, as Ken made clear we are performing better than ever in our core businesses, our growth prospects are superb, and the issues we face are well managed.  We should be positioned for a great period of growth. 
 fyi 
 Honey, would you post this in the chatrooms? 
 I hope you are enjoying your time in Barcelona.  A couple of requests:  Could you give the name of your colleague at hbs who's research you presented at the last Enron Advisory Council meeting? We are organizing our annual management conference and I would like to bounce some ideas off of you and ask for some recommendations for speakers.  Call when you get a chance. 713.853.1586.  Thanks. 
 this is what I was talking about this morning 
  recurring item for calendar 
  Hold on.  Dan and I discussed it, but it is not my call whether anyone other than EES bears those costs.  For what it's worth, I agreed with Dan that to the extent Tom and Ken had reached agreement regarding, among other things, Tom's use of the corporate aircraft for non-EES purposes, that it may not make sense to have EES bear those costs.  But it was clear in my conversation with Dan that it was not my call to make. 
 I think we should have a version which says that "ken Lay named ... "  I don't know that the Board actually does the electing, I think Ken may just be making sure that they are OK with his decision.  I will confirm. 
 We still do and you should go if you can.  The next one is in London in October.  Joannie will be handling the logistics.  I am asking Maureen to send you the dates. 
 Do we have an agenda and/or presentation for the meeting with Gov. Geringer.  Also, I would like to see his speeches/presentations and an overview of the business we have pending in Wyoming. 
 fyi 
 Bill -- fyi.  I don't want you to take any action on this until we have talked (i.e. please don't forward this or talk to the people involved yet).  Let's talk when you have a minute. 
 Please process the following effective July 1:  David Oxley and Mary Joyce base pay increase to 250,000. (Note: I spoke with our outside comp consultant and reviewed Oxley's situation with the EWS O of C.). Mark Palmer (PR) to 225,000. (Note:  I previously asked Mary Joyce to review Mark's position and this is the amount we agreed on).  I would also like to review Shapiro's base pay in light of his now expanded responsibilities. 
  I'll do lunch with Sue 
  Letter looks good to me. 
  I've been thinking about this.  Due to limited battery life, calling areas etc, I'm not sure that a combination cell/pager is the way to go.  I'm thinking that blackberries may be worth looking into. 
 Please send me the latest version of our multi-pollutant and cap and trade proposals 
 OK 
 ok 
 I need the following changes to Outlook:  I need my file folders to be "active" so that I can get stuff out of them and put stuff into them when I am working offline. I need my "inbox" to show all my messages, including the large messages -- I don't want to have to check in two places (or more) to review all my new messages.  I also need to be able to access those large messages when I am working offline. 
 Let's discuss.  I think we should emphasize, at the outset, our proposed solution. 
 Amy Kim is still an open question. I think it's fine to put all charitable contribuitions in one place.  Are they transferring $ or just responsibilitiy? I want to show Jeff the year-to-year differences 200-2001-2002 and show transfers into the organization (eg from EBS), transfers out of the organization and other reductions in headcount. I'm not sure that we need to include alot of other metrics (they haven't worked in the past). 
 I've been thinking about the need to recast the "e-commerce" position as well.  I'm asking Maureen to get some time for us to meet (at Rice) in the next few weeks. 
 This is to confirm my earlier phone conversation with the security desk:  effective immediately, terminate access to the Enron Building for Asem Atta.  If Mr. Atta attempts to enter the facility please call any one of the following individuals:  Steve Kean Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff (3-1586); home (713.621.6550)  John Brindle Senior Director, Business Controls (3-3843)  John Presley Business Controls  Please deal with Mr. Atta firmly but with courtesy and respect. 
 What do we think it means for the pace of reform?  Is it a mandate? 
 This is still confusing to me.  I have made a couple of suggestions, but I still have some questions (see attached). 
 fyi 
 See attached 
 Mike -- how about Lisa Jacobson? 
  calendar 
 I think you are right:  most people will elect to travel by car, alone or in groups.  I doubt that a bus will make sense. 
 I don't want this going out unless it has been thoroughly vetted with the O of C. 
 I think we will get alot of "don't knows" when we ask the questions about what the respondent's companies are doing.  We can probably find a better tool than a survey to get at that infromation.  I'm not opposed to including those questions if you think we will get useful data, but I raise the issue in case there are other questions you mihgt want to ask but didn't have time for.  I don't think we will be able to categorize customers in terms of whether they are lapsed, current or prospective.  That information is kept on an inconsistent and decentralized basis in the company.  Finally, given Enron's focus on the day-to-day, I wouldn't count to heavily on getting alot of help putting together the stakeholder sample.  You should have a back-up plan.  Thanks for the opportunity to comment.  I am very much looking forward to reviewing the results. 
 I want to personally thank each of you for your work following last weeks tragic events.  It was deeply gratifying to see so many motivated, calm, and competent people assemble, organize and get the job done.  As you know, we were able to quickly account for our traveling employees, keep competitive intelligence flowing to our business units and management, and make good and timely judgements on issues as they arose.  I hope your friends and family are well.  If any of you have former colleagues, friends or family who were affected by the tragedies you have my sympathy and my offer to help in any way I can.  Again, my thanks. 
 Let's just circulate the presentation and ask people if they have any comments.  Thanks 
 I think that since we are targeting some commercial support groups (legal and accounting), we should broaden the term "business unit" to include business unit or functional group.  I'm OK with sending this out, but understand that people are up to their necks right now.  we may not get much response now.  We might get more if we waited beyond the management conference. 
 Yes.  Irwin knows Enron and is very amusing 
  fyi 
  As we discussed 
  I have forwarded this to Fitch.  You should compare with your list and consolidate (or have Gary consolidate) onto one. 
 I talked to Ken yesterday and he is fine with this. 
 What does "held" mean?  Do they start over or do they pick up where they left off? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Thanks -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Thanks for all you are doing -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 This is fully consistent with what we are communicating throughout the organization 
 We are looking for more motivational speakers and working around a less grandiose theme -- restoring confidence, overcoming adversity etc.  Terrie James is working with Ken on speakers.  It may be worth discussing at the Management Committee today. 
 Thanks for the inquiry.  We do not have an interest in sponsorship. 
 I'm not sure.  A couple of theories:  refining capacity is limited because of environmental barriers to new refinery construction;  second, in the absence of government subsidies I think ethanol is uneconomic (and with continued low crude prices and an antisubsidy mentality in Washington, it's unlikely to get better soon).  In other news:  Melissa's mom called last night.  Francis is dying.  He was slowly going with congestive heart failure and now has renal cancer which has spread to his liver.  He has had a great life and is well into his nineties.  He is mostly sleeping now and Norma will be getting a hospice nurse today.  Norma seems fine (this has been coming for a while), but of course no one is ever ready.  He has stayed himself to the end:  when Norma was helping him get back in bed after he had fallen, he told her:  "I don't think we"ll be having sex today." 
 congratulations ... sorry to see you go. 
 please print attachements also 
 I concur 
  I know this is not technically an employee relations issue, but it looks like the kind of thing you have dealt with before.  I agree with John.  There is little point showing this to Ken ... but you personally know him better, so I leave it to you. 
 Please make sure these individuals know that they have been designated. 
 See below and look at attachment.  In a subsequent message the comment was made that the drop off today is typical for post bid week activity. 
 Here is a suggested Lay quote for the special committee release:  "With the formation of this special committee and the attraction of additional capital, which we are also announcing today, we are taking care of the past and securing the future." 
 Thanks, Jeff.  We have already retained a crisis PR firm --Kekst and Co.  They have been working with us for the past few weeks.  Feel free to mention them to Chase. 
 Nice. 
  Fine as written. 
 Shankman told me tonight that the additional piece that makes up the difference between the 3.2 and the 4.4 has not been irreversibly committed to, so we don't have to pay. 
  Thursday is fine.  Please schedule. 
  Thursday is fine.  Let's talk about the proposed expenditures.  We will need to prioritize. 
 Thanks so much.  As the week wears on we may need to contact our distinguished friends in the academic community and ask them to comment on some of the actions we are taking.  I will be in touch when the time comes. 
  It's going to be postponed til Feb.  I think you should attend when we have it. thanks 
 Please see revisions. 
 Jordan Mintz told me that the release needs to be reviewed one more time by securities lawyers.  He will take care of it. 
 here it is 
 David would  you please forward to the right person. 
 Looks good.  In the memo I wouldn't have ken refer to Dean Powers as "Bill"  sounds too chummy in light of what he is doing. 
 This is the final version agreed to by Citi and Chase. 
 I think we should shoot for Tuesday (after the written info is released Mon).  I will work on a release today that announces the Tues call and the mon written disclosure.  Here's what I think we should say in the release 1) explain the silence (complex transactions... we wanted to provide clear and full explanations; new CFO getting up to speed; and we've been busy getting liquidity and meeting with rating agencies etc. ) 2) promise the additional disclosure (monday's written info and Tues call) and 3) list the topics.  I also think it needs to be a call not a webcast.  What do you think? 
 Would be happy to.  Just let me know where. 
  fyi 
  fyi 
 The Board has asked for a draft communications plan.  Attached is an outline.  Obviously, it is a bit premature to finalize the plan, so this presentation just reviews different scenarios. 
 I don't think so. 
 Meredith please give Cheryl a copy of our external q&A draft. Cheryl -- it's a draft and the SEC lawyers have not fully vetted it. 
 Some good news.  Your call to Gov Rowland was helpful.  We are not finished yet, but we are on our way. 
 Thanks for thinking of us.  We have retained a crisis communications firm  -- Kekst &CO. -- to assist us.  They have extensive experience with the various challenges we are facing now and have been most helpful advising us and Ken. 
 ok 
 In case you need to reach someone in IR or PR, here are 24-hour numbers. 
 Board meeting running long. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Nice work, John.  Please copy me and Ken on any recap you put together. 
 The deal is final.  Attached are some communication materials for you to use. 
 please provide your thouhgts to Peggy 
 =20 
 If you'd like, I can set up a tour of the Enron Center for you and anyone else you'd like to include. 
  I agree with Beth.  We had some other options to pursue before we got to that stage, but the Dynegy option was the best.  It's overstating it a bit to say it was the only way to keep the ship from going down. 
 This msg is about new bldg tour -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Anything further yet? 
 Irwin is on Enron's advisory council.  Could one of you send him a reply? 
  fyi 
 Linda was assistant secy of US Treasury while this legislation was being negotiated.  Let us know if we can help. 
 Some background information for the meeting with Mayor Brown:  Brown won 43% of the vote (to Sanchez' 40%) and is now in a run off with Sanchez.  Sue Walden's perspective, not surprisingly, is that Brown will win and that campaign polls show him ahead among likely voters.  African American turnout in the election was lower than expected, but an active get-out-the-vote campaign could turn that around. Enron has supported the mayor with a $10,000 contribution.  I would not recommend a further commitment under the current circumstances. If you want to discuss some of the positive accomplishments of his administration, you could: Congratulate him on passage of his version of the light rail proposition. Compliment him on how he has responded to security issues since Sept 11 and his handling of flood relief. (You should know that the Houston police were extremely helpful and responsive when we asked for assistance in connection with the October 26 threat to the Enron building.) We have responded to the City's RFP for energy service. EES made a presentation last week proposing a 5-7 year transaction The city is opting for a 1-2 year transaction That would require very detailed load data which is in Reliant's possession. We have expressed concern that we are merely a stalking horse in the city's effort to do a deal with Reliant.  We have said that we won't play on those terms. Separately, we are working with the city on a demand side deal. 
 Ken talked with Barton.  Barton will not be signing the letter The leadership met and decided "since they are going to be in session anyway" they would try to pass an electricity bill. Barton is now targeting a mid Dec markup There is a meeting tomorrow at 3:00 between Wood and Tauzin; Barton was supposed to be in Dallas.  Ken urged him to stay for the meeting (not clear if he will). I got the impression from Ken that part of the reason Barton is not sending the letter is that he thinks he will be passing a bill anyway (not necessarily that he disagrees with the substance of the letter). 
 Thanks for the message.  I don't know of anything moving forward as yet. 
 I think the answer is this:  fully consistent with the successful completion of the transaction with Dynegy we are taking the actions we need to take to stabilize Enron's situation.  These actions are important to preserving the value of what Dynegy is buying.  The merger agreement, of course, has a "no shop" provision, and it has provisions, as I understand it, to make sure Enron continues to run the business prudently. That's what we are doing. 
  Could you take a look at this? 
 Thanks for the invite.  We will probably still be on our way back from New Mexico (we're driving), so we won't be able to come.  Have a good time ... I know you will. 
 I hope your blackberry is working better than mine has been over the last few days.  I understand that Ken and Chuck have spoken and that Greg, Stan, and Dave will be coming over at 3:00 and no one is expected to be there at 1:00.  Correct? 
  please find Bob Lane's phone number for Rick 
 Thanks for the inquiry; I appreciate the interest very much.  But I am not interested in participating. 
 Please review and comment on the attached 
 Please review for send out Monday. 
 please call me re the attached 
 See revised version attached. 
 Melissa's mom will be coming, so we will be sticking around Hous. 
 Absolutely.  Send electronically, if possible.  Thanks 
 thank you and good luck.  Stay in touch 
 It asked me for login info. 
 See minor comment and then circulate to the larger group. 
 Ask everyone to send you the info to fill in the blanks (and to copy the others on the list).  Perhaps you could join in on Oxley's 6:00 call...I'll ask by copy of this message. 
 I'm sorry ... I told mom, Phil and Karen, but not you... Francis died two weeks ago.  Norma is fine.  She is taking care of things and when she gets done will be coming to see us (around Christmas). 
 Thanks for the information.  It looks like I have a sizable additional tax bill.  Am I missing something?  Do I have Enron stock I can sell to offset these gains (e.g. in my savings plan matching?  Other ideas? 
 Michelle - can you respond?  I haven't seen anything.  Also, after our meeting we had talked about making a proposal to them (specifically, we were at least going to describe the actions we took so they might have the opportunity to acknowledge that we had done enough).  I know everyone is busy, but I would like us to get ahead of this while we have a good environment for resolution. 
 Attached are two versions of a press release.  We plan to issue one of these before market open tomorrow.  The second version assumes financial close on the remainder of the secured credit facility (I need someone to confirm or deny).  The first version speaks only to the merger and our debt restructuring efforts.  Please review and provide comments as soon as possible to me and Karen Denne (karen.denne@enron.com).  I understand that Jeff McMahon and Jimmy Lee will discuss the attached at 7:00 CST tomorrow. 
 Thank you so much for your message.  And thanks for sharing that particular memory.  It means alot to me.  I have always enjoyed working with you.  You have always been so quietly competent and thorough.  It made me smile just to see you.  You are an important part of "my Enron."  I take away from this place a great deal of learning and experience, but most importantly I take with me the memories of the wonderful people like you.  All the best. 
 I talked to Ken yesterday.  I had also talked to Linda Robertson.  Linda was a little concerned about taking on an incumbent (now majority) Senator.  I told Ken we should wait a bit and he agreed.  Who else is going to run from the Republican side?  I think that we ultimately ought to support a Republican in this race, incumbency or no.  But I want to make sure we back the right one. 
 As discussed. 
  Please prepare the letter to McLarty for my signature.  Please get me his phone number and get his fax number, so we can fax as well as mail the letter. 
  I am terminating McLarty today.  We can't terminate with Kissinger yet.  I = think we also need to terminate our agreement with Sue Walden.  Do you have= the agreement? 
  If you are checking e-mail, show this to Nora. 
 Jeff worked for EES before and came to us highly recommended.  Also know that I won't be talking to Jeff until next week. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Houston contact list 
 I've sent some releases and other info to Mike B.  Let me know if I need to resend. 
 Here is the draft forwarded to Dynegy 
 Any reason we couldn't do this? 
 one more to print 
  My comments 
 713.853.1586; H: 713.621.6550; Pager: 888.906.9761 
 I don't have any comments to add. 
 Attached is the draft release.  I didn't mean to come across too pessimistic on the way in this am.  The release does contain good news and we need toget it out as soon as we can. 
    This is an article that Irwin Stelzer wrote abut Enron.  He is willing to talk further.  His number is 202.777.3000.  He said he would like to have me on the phone when you call. 
 You should read this.  You won't like some of the comparisons, but it is a nice statement about what our team has accomplished. 
  What do you think? 
 thanks 
 OK with you? 
 Rick -- I'm so sorry to hear about this, but I'm glad the outlook is good.  Let me know if there is anything I can do to help. 
 Thank you.  I look forward to seeing you again in the interview process. 
 I'm not sure I would give a list of topics (I'd hate to see what would come of the PRC video!).  Perhaps we should just suggest a general theme which would be consistent with the forward-looking thrust of the conference -- e.g. a challenge we currently face or will have to overcome to get where we want to go. 
 FYI and please handle. 
 please schedule 
 I want to personally thank you for all of your work following last week's tragic events.  I have come to rely on, and even take for granted, your thoroughness and competence.  Last week was a sterling example of what I have come to expect from your team.  As you know, we were able to quickly account for our traveling employees, keep information flowing to our business units and management, and make quick, sound judgments on the issues we faced. It was gratifying to see such a calm, competent and proactive group assemble and get the job done.   There will be much more to do in the coming weeks and months.  I feel much better about what lies ahead knowing that I can count on you.  I hope all of your family and friends are well.  If you have former colleagues, family or friends who were affected by last week's tragedies, you have my sympathy and my offer to help in any way I can.  Again, my thanks. 
 I think it would be useful to get in touch with the HR leadership and review what is being done and get their ideas on what they think should be done.  More than anything I want the organization to know who to go to with their ideas and cut down on the noise level and the perception that we aren't doing anything. 
 Here is the electronic copy. 
 This relates to the EPA region 9 issue we discussed last week 
 Has Koenig seen the IR section?  I don't agree with the statement that they have not done a good job communicating with analysts and investors.  I can't believe he would think that's accurate. 
  Rick -- per my voicemail 
 I don't think we should require employees to walk around with their badges displayed.  I don't think they will and I think it will undermine the other measures we are trying to take.  Also, I want us to have sufficient additional security to do the badge checks to ensure we don't slow down the "badge in" process.  The other recommendations look fine to me.  I have left a voicemail for Greg for his approval. 
 Thanks for the update.  Your approach makes sense to me. 
 FYI 
 As we discussed 
 Please see attached revised travel advisory.  I think it does a better job of balancing the competing interests. 
 No word yet. I will also be seeing Barton tomorrow.  FYI,  I am speaking at his Texas Conservative forum in Austin. 
  Per my voicemail.  I'll be seeing Barton today in Austin and will make these points as well. 
 I wrote a letter of recommendation for you (you're getting it whether you want it or not). 
 Yes and yes 
 I spoke with Jimmy Glotfelty on Friday.  The message they are stressing is that FERC is injecting much needed certainty.  I think we should add that to our message as well. 
  I would like to see him if it works on my schedule 
 Per my voicemail 
 calendar 
 I think this is fine.  It lends itself to an outline format, so I suggest converting to Word and make it a one-two page "leave behind". 
 Thank you. I enjoyed our discussion very much. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Thank you. I enjoyed our discussion very much and was very impressed with your accomplishments and experience.  And yes I am learning how to use the blackberry reasonably well. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 thanks so much for the note.  I remember our trip to Dubuque very well.  My father asked about you many times after that visit we had the evening before our meeting.  I am glad you are well and wish you the very best for the holidays and the new year (I'll be glad when this one is over). 
 Thanks 
 I think the communication is extremely well put together and informative.  The phone option (with the keying in of each letter) looks very complicated but I'm not sure that there is a better way to do it (it will probably just encourage more people to make their elections online).  The message from Ken about increasing costs should be modified, I think.  First, I think we may be overstating it to say that the cost increases for future periods threaten the health of the company  ... I know it's a play on the "health" theme, but I think it comes off as unnecessarily alarmist.  Second, and on a related point, I think we should be a bit clearer that we can't keep this up and absent some major change in the underlying cost of health care we are likely to increase the employee contribution in "03 and beyond.  Finally, I think Greg Whalley and Mark Frevert should see this part of the message at least (after we make changes).  Again, I think this is a very good communications piece.  Nice work. 
 Please print. 
 Thank you.  I also enjoyed our discussion very much.  Your accomplishments and experience are extremely impressive.  You will be getting a call shortly, if you haven't already, inviting you to our weekend event later this month.  Please come. 
 I believe I sent this to you earlier.  Pankaj is a Harvard Bus School professor who sits on our advisory council.  He is putting together a program (in Barcelona, I believe) and would like an Enron executive to present.  I said I would try to find someone from Enron Europe and gave him your name.  Would you mind getting in touch with Pankaj? 
 I have received my worldcom card 
  fyi 
 We have already submitted our budget for PR, Govt' affairs, Facilities, corp HR etc.  Does the process below affect my numbers (please say no). 
 I will bring John BRindle. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Please send Pam Benson the information for Joe on where to send the check, who to make it out to , etc 
 I will attend. 
 Please do send it out. Thanks for the kind words.  I know you know how I feel about your work and I have shared that view widely.  I have enjoyed working with you; I always valued your insights , your responsiveness, and your work ehtic.  I wish you all the best in your new role. 
 These are good fixes.  I still think it's important for our security people to be able to recognize all of our senior executives and make sure their guests get where they are going quickly. 
 Sherrie and Rosie:  Jeff and Ken both received notes from Tom Delay about designating portions of their contributions for use  in Texas.  Mr. DeLay would like them to make that designation using the letter below (note that it will need to be modified to be from each individually rather than a joint letter).  It is, of course, up to Ken and Jeff whether to make the designation. 
 Lou -- you may be maxed out on Franks now.  Don't write a check for the August fundraiser until you have talked to Eliz Labanowski 
 If you think this is worth pursuing, get in touch with Christie. 
 Offer him the job.    Rob Bradley@ENRON 07/25/2000 12:40 PM 
 What do you think? 
 I think you, or someone in your group, should cover this.  The attendees are operations focussed and may be interested in issues such as siting, interconnection and environmental issues.  Also, from a more macro perspective, what kinds of demands the new industry structure may place on operators  -- the importance of flexibility in asset operations (ie the premium the market will place on quick response) or the challenges of different scheduling regimes between the gas and power markets. 
 Maybe we should knock down the walls of those cavernous offices on the top= =20 floor. 
 I wuold like to attend if my calendar is open 
 JUST A REMINDER:  The answer to the United Way Pre-qualifying Questionnaire need to be turned in by the end of tomorrow, July 26, 2000.  To find the questionnaire form to submit - see the email sent from the United Way Campaign 2000, dated 7/19/00.  I encourage you all to participate.  Thanks. 
 Enron has begun its executive solicitation for United Way.  You should have received an email providing the intranet address where you can pledge online. (Please note:  when entering the information online - enter 4 digits for your birth year).  I encourage you to be the leaders in giving for Governmental Affairs/Public Relations and make your pledge this week.  Further, please invite the generous participation of the people in your groups.  Thank you for your involvement. 
 I think it would be useful to verify their view that they are really only 2-3 years from commercial production.  Ideally, we could get that confirmation from someone familiar with the technology but without any financial interest in its success.  Their technology pitch sounded good, but I don't know enough to recognize the potential shortcomings.  I want to feel comfortable that you all feel this is real, then I would be happy to have me and my team spend some time with them. 
 I'd like to get about 30 minutes with Mark, just to catch up. 
 ditto -- nice work Rob.  Your insights on project stanley are also much appreciated. 
 Please revise the document as Aleck's changes indicate.  With respect to the alternative responses shown near the end of the document, leave both alternatives in. 
 Attached are the RSVP lists for tonight's reception.  Enron/Azurix=20     City Officials     DETAILS OF TONIGHT'S RECEPTION:  Monday, July 31st from 6-7 pm in the 50th floor lobby area. =20 This reception is an opportunity for us to update city officials about Enro= n=01, s businesses, and an opportunity for you to meet your local representatives= . 
 See below.  this is one of the issues that concerned us more than price caps, because it could limit our ability to move power to other markets in the west.  In addition, if you get questions from the analysts on "reregulation" or price caps it is worth pointing out that the high prices prevailing in many markets help our retail sales pitch to end use customers and create opportunities for our wholesale price risk management services . . .  even a $250 price cap is 5-10 times what large customers are accustomed to paying. 
 See below.   This would have presented a bigger problem than price caps. 
 Any problem? please advise Don. 
 Tim -- Cindy manages this program. Mary -- please give some thought to how we might solicit employee views on this. Cindy -- I believe we already allow matching of donations to quasi-religious organizations: religious schools, for example, and perhaps relief organizations like Catholic Relief Services?  I think that if we want to consider extending it we should probably discuss it in a smaller group than the e-speak forum --  the Enron Foundation Board perhaps?  This could become controversial, though (recall the Planned Parenthood debate and the periodic attempts of shareholders to add restrictions through the proxy mechanism). 
 I think this is a good idea.  We may want to think about CNBC as well. Brandon -- any technical obstacles? Margaret/Cindy -- how does the link work?  does it go straight to the clip or do users have to navigate within CNN's site? 
 Are you aware of this? 
 calendar 
 Please call before you leave and please send me your contact information when you have it for your new job.  thanks 
 I think it would be a good idea to get together.  I would include Eric Thode as he has been living through the PR battles on a daily basis. 
 calendar 
 See attached.  Looks fairly minor:  a 7500 dollar "contribution" to the US Treasury to settle up for our failure to seek license transfer authorization from the FCC for PGE's telecommunications licenses when we merged in 1997. 
 The e-copy. 
 revisions 
 See my revisions (and one question).  Let's revise and circulate. 
 STEVE KEAN     Date:  Monday, June 11th Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT) Location: 50th Floor Boardroom Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request. Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera (713-853-5984) or Bill Dorsey (713-646-6505) for the weekly dail-in number and passcode.   Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium.  Yes, I will attend in person ----------  By video conference from ----------  By Conference call  ----------  No, I will not attend  ---X------- (out of the country)    Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, June 8th.   Thank you, Bill Dorsey. 
 Here is a photo of Steve Kean, Exec VP & Chief of Staff, Enron 
 Steve Kean will not be able to attend (he's out of the country).      Joan Stransky 05/30/2001 09:15 AM 
 per my voicemail 
 Attached are my edits. 
 Yes.  Mary will discuss with you.   Michelle Cash @ ECT   05/24/2001 04:35 PM 
 enjoy! 
 Humberto - I forwarded your resume to Barry Hunsaker who is general counsel at EOG Resources.  As you may know, EOG used to be Enron Oil and Gas, a majority-owned Enron subsidiary.  A couple of years ago, Enron sold its interest in EOG and it became a stand alone company.  EOG Resources has been doing very well.  I don't know if they are looking for lawyers now, but I think I sent your resume to the right place. 
 Maureen - please forward on to Barry when you get his e-mail address.  Barry - I don't know Humberto personally, but looking over his resume, I thought he might be a fit in your organization. 
 I think it starts off a bit too hot.  I would pull up some of the arguments you make about the need for additional supply and the importance of electricity to our way of life.  I'd then go into a discussion of the debacle in the West (and how they are now playing catchup - with loud, polluting diesel generators ... as was reported today).  Then I'd go into how our plants in Florida represent a very reasonable, inobtrusive solution for Florida. 
 Congratulations! 
 Is this it?  I thought we had heard it from "3 or 4" sources.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 fyi 
 I saw your e-mail response.  Did it go to Oxley too? 
 We are discontinuing the executive car wash.  You, Steve and I should talk. 
 Fax the attached word document to Jeff ASAP, thanks. 
 I'll be happy to accomodate.  I can take you through Enron's view of how markets overall are evolving and how we approach those markets.  I'd also like to spend some time reviewing interstate transmission policy and how it affects Western energy markets. 
 Could you please put together a combined presentation : Enron's strategy and the need for open access on the transmission system? 
 fyi 
 Thanks.  We are preparing a memo (John has seen it) to go out to each of our offices telling them about this incident (and the related ones that occurred the same day) and including some tips on how to handle such confrontations in the future. 
 thanks 
 fyi 
 Is Jeff available? 
 Looks good to me.  I'm glad you had the chance to work with Linda. 
 This looks like a run-of-the-mill conference except that the guest list is fairly senior.  Any interest? If not, let Amy know. 
 Please send any comments directly to Peggy. 
 I just spoke with Clark Smith, head of Elpaso's merchant arm.  I told him that we had been hearing that El Paso was blaming Enrononline for problems in Western gas markets.  He asked for some more specifics about who exactly was spreading the rumor (I told him we had heard it from 3-4 sources).  He acknowledged that EOL was not the problem; said he couldn't believe that it had been identified as such; and said he would bring it up on his call with his Washington team this afternoon.  I think he will put it to rest (except for whatever damage has already been done).  I did promise to get some more specifics on who has told us that El Paso pointed to us.  Can anybody give some info on that? 
 STEVE KEAN     Executive Committee Weekly Meeting  Date:  Tuesday, May 29 Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT) Location: 50th Floor Boardroom Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request. Conf. Call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera (713/853-5984) or Suzanne Danz (713/853-6440) for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.  Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium.  Yes, I will attend in person  ___X___  By video conference from  ______  By conference call   ______  No, I will not attend   ______   Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, May 25.  Thank you, Suzanne 
 Is there anything we can tell them about the rates they should expect from the utility?  I think that will be the biggest concern and we can reduce backlash if we can provide them some information. 
 I think we need to keep the pressure on.  I liked the way our basic message= =20 was evolving over the course of last week.  As you pointed out, the Japanes= e=20 utilities view us as just another annoying US company who is going to come= =20 in, bang its head against the wall for a few months and then leave.  We nee= d=20 to continue to reinforce the message that not only are we not going away, w= e=20 are starting other businesses here to keep us going while we continue to=20 agitate for reform in the electricity sector. 
 This is a thorough and helpful analysis.  But, have we considered the broader emergency powers the president might have (i.e. beyond the clean air act waivers requested by a governor)?  It would seem that the importance of the defense business in California, the large number of military facilities, the public safety hazards of widespread blackouts, etc. ought to trigger some broader authority. 
 What do you make of this? 
 I'll do it.  I saw Steve Reynolds (the govs assistant), today, and told him I would do it.  I have a lot of respect for Geringer.  I may try to persuade them that they should reach out to FERC and Congress as a state that sees the need for a federal role in transmiission and encourages FERC to act.  Any background you have would be most appreciated. 
 Hello Sue:  What time would Steve need to be there and what time can he leave?  I need to start thinking about flights.  Thanks !! 
 Dear Christine:  Unfortunately, Steve has been out of the country call week.  He will return to the office tomorrow.  Let me get back with you early tomorrow regarding the presentation.  If you need to contact me, please call me at 713-853-1808.  Maureen McVicker Executive Assistants 
 I'd prefer to skip.  How big of a problem would that be? 
 Thanks.  Yes, I did know about the conference.  Ken has a copy of the study and made reference to it several times during our visits to Sac. a couple of weeks ago.  It's nice to occasionally see some rational thinking in California. I look forward to catching up with you when I get back to town. 
 I won't be going.  Let's look for an alternate.  I'd be happy to come to DC. 
 Yes, please. 
 Please set up some time with Linda. 
 Feel free to call me at 713.853.1586. 
 Is this a 2001 question?  If so it seems to me we shouldn't bother with it. If this is a 2002 question, then let;s discuss 
 Thank you for the information.  Unfortunately, we are not interested at this time. 
 Hi Terri:  I'll be glad to add you to the email list.  Thanks for letting us know.  Maureen McVicker Steve Kean's Asst. 
 The Governor's advisors will not be prepared to discuss the credit issues on Friday.    A new dial in number has been set up for a conference call amongst the sellers.  The time and participant codes remain the same - only the dial in # has changed.  DATE:  Friday, May 18th  TIME:   10:00 am (Central) - should last approx 1 hour  CALL IN #:  1-877-322-9648     (this is the new dial in #)  HOST CODE: 564778   (Steve Kean's use only)  PARTICIPANT CODE:  285987  Attached is the most recent/revised sellers contact list. 
 Message from Steve Kean:  We understand that the Governor's advisors are not prepared to discuss credit issues at this time.  The conference call scheduled for Friday, May 18th has been cancelled.  Please let me know when you are ready for us to set up the call.  Thank you. 
 Steve Kean, of Enron, will be attending on May 22nd. 
 fyi -- further distribute this message as you see fit. 
 I agree with Mark's points.  While we have advocated our merger with PGE (which did not concentrate market power) we have intervened in opposition to most others.  Moreover, there is some hope that the German government will take the opportunity to use the proposed utility merger to force greater open access.   We will likely encourage that action and may oppose the merger otherwise.   Most mergers in this industry are defensive, not procompetitive, and, in my view, deserve no credit for convergence, innovation, or liberlization. 
 Regarding the Brand Conference in San Francisco Aug. 13 -15,  here is the flight information for Steve Kean and his wife, Melissa.  You had asked for this in case Cindy wants to travel at the same time.   Sunday, August 13    IAH   San Francisco  Continental # 1857    9:22 a.m.  11:18 a.m.   Tuesday, August 15    San Francisco IAH  Continental # 1651    3:00 p.m.  8:53 p.m.    Let me know if you need anything else. 
 Will you please email your company address and your fax # back to Steve Kean.  I am compiling a contact list.  Thank you.  Maureen McVicker Steve Kean's Assistant 
 Congrats Ray.  ... Now, get FERC to do something amazing. 
 I'm envious. See you when you get back 
 You should also check my folder "California - working group" 
 Joe is working with the Governor's office and so should go on that list, not the sellers list. 
 One minor point:  the response to the first data request implies that all employees went through the PRC process in 2000.  I am not sure this is accurate.  It's fair to say that most did, but I believe that the field employees who are organized into self-directed work teams do not go through the PRC process. 
 Linda - I haven't heard of these guys.  Do you know them? 
 Can you please send your email addresses and fax numbers too.   (So I can email you information)  Thank you.  Maureen McVicker Steve Kean's Assistant 
 PLEASE NOTE:  This email includes several items. (1)  the call in information for Friday's conference call; (2)  a summary of yesterday's conference call (from Jeff Dasovich, Enron); (3)  two documents that list the contact information we have received to date (please email Steve Kean @ skean.enron.com if any changes/additions need to be made to the list).  As we receive more contact information, revised lists will be emailed to everyone. ______________________________________________________________________________ _________  A conference call has been scheduled for Friday, May 18th.  If credit issues are to be discussed, this is the call in number we will use. If credit issues are not to be discussed, a separate call in number will be set up and you will be notified with the new dial in numbers.   DATE:  Friday, May 18th  TIME:   10:00 am (Central) - should last approx 1 hour  CALL IN #:  1-877-214-0402  HOST CODE: 564778   (Steve Kean's use only)  PARTICIPANT CODE:  285987   If anyone needs to call in from an international location, please contact Maureen McVicker at 713-853-1808 and she will set up an international number too.  ______________________________________________________________________________ __________________  Here is the summary Jeff Dasovich sent regarding yesterday's conference call.  Greetings: In order to keep everyone in the loop, the folks on today's call wanted to send out a brief summary of the call for the benefit of those who couldn't make it.  Apologies for any omissions, inaccuracies, etc.  Others who were on the call please chime in if I've gotten anything wrong, or missed anything.  Best, Jeff  SUMMARY Enron, Duke, El Paso and Williams were on the call, as was Michael Hoffman of the Blackstone Group (the Governor's financial advisors). On the subject of how the group would organize itself, it was agreed that the calls would be open to anyone who wanted to participate. A smaller group consisting of Duke, El Paso, Enron, and Williams would take the lead on walking the halls of Sacramento, meeting with policy makers, and advocating whatever plan the group develops. Folks agreed that achieving a comprehensive solution requires a tangible process; that is, the principals need to get in a room, face to face, for however long it takes to work out a resolution. It was agreed that the process should start no later than the beginning of next week, and that it should take place in Sacramento. It was decided that the Legislature and the Attorney General needed to be brought into the process as soon as possible, i.e., next week. There was some discussion regarding the release today of "Plan B."  Plan B is a plan proposed by Democratic and Republican legislators as an alternative to the MOU that the Governor struck with Edison.  After that call I received a copy of "Plan B."  If you'd like a copy please send me your fax number. Folks on the call agreed to have the next "supplier-only" call-in meeting on Friday. Finally, Michael Hoffman said that they are hoping to have a "ratings agency level" presentation prepared by the end of the week.  The goal of the presentation is to reassure capital markets that the bonds the state seeks to issue are solidly backed by retail rates.  The Agenda for Tomorrow's Call with the Governor's Staff Item #1:  The Credit Issue Michael Hoffman said that the Governor's office wants to start tomorrow's meeting discussing the creditworthiness issue. Hoffman said that the Governor's folks are hoping to have completed by the start of tomorrow's meeting a draft of an agreement between the California PUC and CDWR.  The agreement is designed to ensure that DWR gets paid for power services delivered. If the draft is ready, they'd like to discuss on the call tomorrow.  Item #2:  Identify the Components of a Comprehensive Solution. It was agreed that our group should put on the table at tomorrow's meeting the universe of issues that need to be included in a comprehensive solution. Enron was asked to take a first stab at what those components are.  The following is a brief outline, which is not intended to be definitive, but a starting point for discussion. Utility creditworthiness retail rates must reflect costs Increase supply streamline and otherwise reform the siting process Decrease demand establish real-time pricing implement demand buy-down and other conservation programs Create a real market Remove the State from the power-buying business as soon as possible (e.g., once new rates are in place and utilities are returned to creditworthiness; approximately 3-6 months) Return the procurement role to the utilities Reinstate Direct Access immediately for all customers Within 18-24 months, create a "core/noncore" market structure for electricity, similar to California's market structure for natural gas Keep the industry in the hands of the private sector Reject proposals calling on the State to take over transmission, generation, etc. Resolve outstanding legal claims, investigations, etc. Resolution requires certainty and prompt payment (understanding that discounts on receivables is on the table for discussion) ______________________________________________________________________________ __________________  Attached are the contact lists. 
 A conference call has been scheduled for Friday, May 18th.  Below is the call in information:  DATE:  Friday, May 18th  TIME:   10:00 am (Central) - should last approx 1 hour  CALL IN #:  1-877-214-0402  HOST CODE: 564778   (Steve Kean's use only)  PARTICIPANT CODE:  285987   If anyone needs to call in from an international location, please contact Maureen McVicker at 713-853-1808 and she will set up an international number too. 
 Sorry - the # on his printed itinerary was missing the country code.  Here what to dial 011-81-3-3211-5211  He should be on his conf call until about 4:00 pm (Central).  Sorry about that 
 Yes - Steve is in Japan until Thursday.  He will be in the office on Friday, May 18th.  Maureen 
 Linda; FYI - Steve will be in Japan most of this week.  He returns to the office on Friday.  Maureen 
 Sorry for the delay.  I have asked the question and should have an answer in a day or two. . . .  don't do anything rash in the meantime. 
 Several employees have asked about the exercise policy on stock options. Specifically, they want to know what the exercise policy is on i) termination eg as a result of the prc process, ii) voluntary departure, iii) retirement, or iv)resignation; and to what extent do the rules vary across plans: i) AESOP, LTIP, deferred bonus etc.  The main focus is on the length of time to exercise.  I am concerned that there may be some odd incentives in the structure -- eg are severed employees allowed more time to exercise than employees who just leave voluntarily ( ie if you want to have a full three years to exercise options are you better off becoming a performance issue and getting severed than you would be if you simply left the company? 
 ok 
 Thanks for the update. 
 Stay in touch with linda ro the recommendation. 
 Last week you received the email announcing Enron's executive solicitation.= =20 The process for donating is very easy by simply clicking on the United Way= =20 link.  I did it myself!  Please make your donation this week and thank you = to=20 those that have already pledged. =20  The Enron kick-off is next Wed and I ask you to encourage your groups to gi= ve=20 to this worthy cause. =20  Thanks.   Reminder - United Way Breakfast=20  Please RSVP if you have not already done so.  Date:  Thursday, August 3, 2000 (hosted by Joe Sutton) or Friday, August 4, 2000 (hosted by Jeff Skilling) Time:  7:45-9:00 a.m. Location: DePelchin Children=01,s Center 100 Sandman (near Memorial and Shepherd intersection) RSVP:  Reply directly to this email or call Jessica Nunez, 853-1918 by=20 Monday, July 31=20 =20 Transportation:    Bus will depart from the Enron Building (Andrews Street= =20 side) promptly at 7:30 a.m.  Bus transportation is encouraged, due to limit= ed=20 onsite parking. However, if you should need to drive, directions to DePelch= in=20 are below.   EXECUTIVE SOLICITATION  Executive Solicitation kicked-off on July 24 and is well underway. As you= =20 know, participation by Enron=01,s executive team is vital to the success of= the=20 campaign.  To make your contribution, please click on the United Way link,= =20 http://unitedway.enron.com or go directly to Internet Explorer or Netscape= =20 and type in http://unitedway.enron.com in the address field.  Either option= =20 should take you to Enron=01,s United Way 2000 Campaign site where you shoul= d be=20 able to make your pledge within minutes.  Please call Kathy Mayfield, Enron= =01,s=20 Campaign Coordinator at 713/853-3264 if you have difficulties at all=20 accessing the site.  We look forward to seeing you next week!   Directions to DePelchin Children=01,s Center =01) 100 Sandman (713-861-8136= )  From Downtown Houston ? Take Prairie (which turns into Memorial) or Allen Parkway WEST to Shepher= d. ? Turn RIGHT on Shepherd. ? Turn LEFT on Feagan (which is the first light after Memorial.) ? Turn LEFT on Sandman and drive down a couple of blocks.  From the Galleria Area ? Take 610 North to the Woodway/Memorial Exit. Exit and turn RIGHT on Woodw= ay. ? Woodway will turn into Memorial and stay on Memorial until you see the=20 Shepherd exit. ? Exit Shepherd and turn LEFT on Shepherd.=20 ? Turn LEFT on Feagan (which is the first light after Memorial.) ? Turn LEFT on Sandman and drive down a couple of blocks.  From North of Downtown ? Take 45 or 59 SOUTH to I-10.  Go WEST on I-10. ? Take the Shepherd/Durham exit and go through the Shepherd intersection to= =20 Durham.  Go SOUTH or LEFT under the freeway on Durham. ? Turn RIGHT on Feagan (which will be a light.) ? Turn LEFT on Sandman and drive down a couple of blocks. 
 I have opened a new Lotus file "California - working group" where I am keeping the contact information, but I am assuming you have picked everybody up already.  If in doubt, check out the file.  thanks 
 Sorry, I got overwhelmed by California.  I have not talked to Ken yet and will be in Japan until Friday.  Perhaps we can hook up then? 
 Thanks for the explanation.  I agree, though I may not have explained the context adequately to Ken. 
 include on the distribution list and send out note about the Monday meeting. 
 There were several items in the mail pouch that you needed a response form me on.  Here are the responses:  Marchris forwarded a request to attend a conference on Aug 19 and 20.  I think the original invite when to Ken and Jeff.  I will attend, subject to them getting some reasonable response rate from the commissioners they invited and provided that I get a speaking or similar participation opportunity. SMU professor and student asking for Astros tickets - yes CERA conference on July 10-12 in Scotland -- decline 
 Attached is the document I mentioned.  You will get a separate e-mail from Karen Denne which will include the invitation and the invited for the Thursday meeting.  My contact information:  Steven J Kean EVP and Chief of Staff Enron Corp 713.853.1586 skean@enron.com pager: 888.906.9761 Asst Maureen McVicker 713.853.1808  I will be in Japan most of next week, but my office can reach me. Thanks 
 A conference call has been scheduled for Monday, May 14 to discuss the composition of the negotiating team.  DATE:    Monday, May 14  TIME:    3:00 pm (Central) - will last approx. 1 hour   Dial In Information:  Toll Free Dial In:  888-476-3752  International Access Dial In:   517-267-0146  Host Code:   957112  (for Steve Kean's use only)  Participant Code:  713193  Attached is the Contact List with the information received to date. 
 fyi 
 Portland General called.  They have heard that Defazio is going to propose in a press release that the state of Oregon should buy PGE. 
 Jon -- Ricardo Charvel is pulling together the briefing for Ken, so please share the EBS activities/ agenda with him.  Thanks 
 I'd be happy to call Nickles. 
 Ken Lay spoke with several California CEOs this morning and urged them to get personally involved in pushing for a comprehensive set of reforms.  Three expressed willingness to help.  Scott McNealy (Sun):  contact person - Piper Cole (piper.cole@sun.com); scott.mcnealy@engeng.sun.com.  Mcnealy wants, by close of business today, a "cheat sheet" of the talking points to use with politicians (the "8 or 10 elements of the solution") with the expected comeback he may hear from the political leaders and our response to that comeback.  He says he hasn't spent time working on issues in Sacremento so we may also want to include a list of suggested contacts. Kevin Sharer (Amgen): contact person - Sarah Jensen, VP of Engineering and Operations (805.447.6785); ksharer@amgen.com.  Sharer wants the same information as McNealy and he and McNealy both indicated their willingness to call a meeting of other California CEOs.  Sharer will also be having breakfast with Hertzberg one week from today. Robert Day (Trust Co of the West):  said that he is very close to the mayor of Los Angeles.  He urged Ken to call the mayor (mentioning Day).  Ken would like some talking points for that call.  Jeff - please put these items together. 
 prepare for my siganture.  cc Lisa 
 The presentation looks fine but consider adding this idea in a few slides: the continuation of a regulated structure poses considerable risk for utilities.  California's utilities were pushed to the brink of, or into, bankruptcy because of a regualtory regime which allocated price risk to them.  All parties are better off in a system where the regulated enterprise is limited to natural monopoly functions and all other acitivities are conducted in a marketplace.  Also, did we cover the shortcomings of the Japanese market sufficiently? 
 I think the presentation looks fine, but consider adding this:  there is real risk to utilities (as well as customers) in continuing a regulated regime. The California utilities have been pushed into or to the brink of bankruptcy 
 Decline is ok.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Steve - take a look at this and contact the sponsor with a yes or no.  Thanks 
 fyi 
 Forward to whomever you see fit. It looks like an opportunity to explain price risk management to large customers. 
 please forward to Vicky Sharp. 
 fyi 
 Steve wanted you to know that he will be attending the Gov. Davis meeting tomorrow with Greg Whalley.  Just in case you need it, here is Steve's bio. 
 Below is the information regarding the meetings in Sacramento on Wed., May 9  Please have Greg go to our lobbyist's offices for the pre-meeting located at:  Scott & Hedy Govenar Governmental Advocates 1127   11th Street Suite 400 Sacramento, CA  95814  916-448-8240  11:00 am  Pre-meeting w/ Greg Whalley, Steve Kean, Jeff Dasovich, Sandi McCubbin, possibly Richard Sanders,   possibly Michael Tribolet (via phone)  1:00 pm Mtg at Gov. Davis' office 
 I left Hartsoe a voicemail on this issue too.  I'm not sure we can convince Massey and others not to cap the secondary market for example, but they need to understand the facts before they run off attacking the pipelines:  gas utilities in California opposed interstate capacity expansions into the state. gas utilities had just as much opportunity as anyone else to participate in open seasons for capacity. gas utilities fialed to fill storage. gas utilites have failed to build adequate take away capacity at the Cal border I suspect Socal gas is using its interstate capacity and its in state storage to line its own pockets. In short, if FERC wants to get to the bottom of the problem they need to look in California, not outside. 
 Please get available dates.  I need to be there for this. 
 Thanks for the invite. I would suggest Jean Ryall - who heads our Texas government/regulatory affairs team.  She is certainly more familiar with the details (of which there will be many more after this legislative session and the conclusion of the pilot program).  She is also a very good speaker (and can probably relate a few war stories to spice things up). 
 do we have a mechanism to survey employees?  Can we do a "scientific" poll? 
 I love you, baby.  Study hard. 
 Please add Linda Robertson (Head of our DC office) to this list if that's ok. 
 Minor changes shown on the attached (gotta get the big guy's title right). 
 I think the meeting is on Wednesday, but if you can be there (Sacremento, I expect) you should.  As I mentioned in my voicemail, I think the meeting will not be particularly substantive;  more likely it is a photo op for the governor to show how tough he is on the pirate generators.  Based on your message below, should we still plan to send somebody?  I still think we should if we can manage the legal risk.  Mike:  would you be able to attend as well? 
 I think we should let people in the legislature know about this and see if one or more of them can get their hands on it. 
 OK by me. 
 OK by me. 
 Thanks for the invite (and the follow up voicemail).  I'd love to see the General (and you of course), but I'm going to have to pass.  Thanks anyway. 
 meeting file 
 as discussed 
 I think the memo needs some additional work.  I have made a number of suggestion (highlighted on the attached). 
 A memo is coming out shortly. 
 no objection 
 Looks fine to me.  I have not cross checked the lists, but I assume you have included everyone who was designated to serve on the PRCs per the original memo (in addition to the new bus unit additions) 
 We are concerned about leaks to the press which may have ocurred from our Washington office over the last few months (including leaks from a former employee).  Could you put someone in touch with Rick and Linda Robertson (head of our DC office)? 
 calendar - fyi 
 mo - calendar Rob - fyi, upcoming speech 
 calendar fyi 
 This is an issue we have long struggled with.  We have conducted several comprehensive reviews in the past and on an ongoing basis we go through a resource allocation process which enables subjective criteria to be considered in the prioritization and resource allocation process.  I think the project is a good idea.  Your sources would be John, Jim Steffes, and Rick Shapiro (for the RCR, or resource commitment process). 
 more detailed information 
 looks good 
 looks good 
 One minor edit 
 I have advised against Ken or Jeff attending the generators meeting:  Ken is still willing to make time avail on the 3d to meet with the gov. 
 fyi. 
 Could you coordinate with Cindy Stark on the meeting with Massey in a couple of weeks?  Stan has asked me if I would like to attend.  I would, but don't know when exactly it is scheduled for. 
 Nice work Kerry and Barb.  I think we should do the follow up work on setting a follow up meeting with the Senator.  Ken left it open whether he would be available when the Sen is in Houston, so we have made no commitment in that regard.    Janine Migden  04/27/2001 08:32 AM 
 Additional information on the regulatory context. 
 FYI. I think they should try to get in to see Lundquist, but I don't think we need to participate in this.  We have been focussed on nation-wide issues when we have had the opportunity to meet with Lundquist and I don't think we should use our limited shots here. 
 I forgot to email myself the brief to track changes, but here are my changes in writing:  p. 1:  Para starting "focusing on the latter," that sentence, change "get creative" to be innavotaive in its approach."  p. 2:  1st full Paragraph, Second sentence, change "uniting" to "common" and there is a typo on line5, reduction n consumption.   Should be "of"  page 6:  We need the RR for PG&E.  Under Part VII, Rate Design, can we insert a sentence that our proposal, unlike the others, does not arbitrarily allocate costs to peak period.  We told Scott we wuold insert the arbitrariness of other proposals several times in the brief.  We also need ro insert discussion about relation of peak to offpeak prices, as a 3:2 ratio, which is not what other parties have proposed.  page 8:  2.  Derivation of Threshold Usage:, first sentence, delete "between" in first sentence.  page 9:  Second full paragraph, begining "Again, the UDS's, "  Second sentence, sited should be "cited"  p. 12:  First full paragraph beginning "A primary component,"  Insert a sentence after the second sentence to mention, again, the arbitrariness of proposals allocatin costs between peak and offpeak.  Second full parag, beginning, "Enron's proposal, can stick a sentence about arbitrariness in there too.  And change "more necessary goal" in 4th sentence to "more critical goal"  I don't have the email I sent out about what we agreed to insert with Scott, so if you have a chance, check it to make sure we did everything we agreed to.  I am going to try to come into the office very early tomorrow and will check email again, but my son has an appointment with the neurologist here in Houston at 9:20 am tomorrow, and that is where I will be when you have the 9:30 call (we made this appointment months ago).  But I will communicate with Harry and everyone else before then.  Thanks. 
 Please coordinate with PGE on the comments. 
 Congratulations on your appointment by Fox.  That's great news.  I continue to be impressed by the way Fox is handling things.  Let me know what I can do to help.  As you know we are looking for a replacement for the unreplaceable Ricardo Charvel.  I know you and he have discussed some possibilities.  Rick Shapiro has met several candidates and will be bringing two to Houston in the next week or so.  Dr. Kean continues to improve her golf game while I slave away at Enron to cover the greens fees.  Let me know when you are coming to town next. 
 Have we made this available to the Cheney team? 
 Go ahead. 
 I think it's a good idea, but we will need a different summary ... either limit the summary to a couple of key points or provide an explanation, in layman's terms, of the practical effect of each of the changes. 
 I think wholesale will be well covered.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Ken talked to Sen Kinder.  He made the points you had prepared.  Kinder agreed to shelve the legislation for this session.  He said he had been hearing from several others, including Proctor and Gamble (which has a big facility in his district) that the legislation was not going to help competition develop in the state.  He expressed willingness to work with us on a better package and also expressed interest in coming to Enron's offices.  He is going to be in San Antonio in August and would like to come to Houston around that time. 
 OPIC information 
 fyi 
 We need to communicate with Massey before he gets completely carried away blaming the interstate pipeline business for gas price spikes.  We need to get him the information regarding Cal LDCs failure to fill storage and their opposition to additional pipeline construction in the state.  Shelley -- could you forward copies of the LDC filings to the group.  Should Joe or I (or both) try to see massey when I am in town next week? 
 I already responded to this.  Print for my meeting file. 
 I will need an LCD projector and a computer (or connections for my computer) so that I can show the presentation.  Thanks. 
 meeting folder 
 Cindy - this looks like it might be an opportunity for you or David to reach your target audience. 
 Suggested changes are highlighted below. 
 We can create significant mutual benefit by partnering with a firm which is focussed on developing IT systems for bulk power systems:  We need to take our deregulation model to the next level of detail by having IT solutions which will support our view of how the market ought to work. The IT firm would benefit from our access to the policy makers (domestic and international)  whose decisions will make the IT firm's systems either successful or obsolete. Call me if you would like to discuss. 
 OPIC information. 
 Jean - please get in touch with Greg. 
 Yes 
 I'll give 150.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I think Mike should sign 
 calendar 
 See natural gas price article below.  Our buddy Paul Carpenter has turned o= n=20 us (not to mention that he seems to be talking nonsense).  How about giving= =20 him a call? 
 I got a voicemail fro Ken.  He would be happy to meet with Freeman.  He is willing to work on other times, but suggested the following After 3:00 on May 2nd (right after Ken's speech to the RGA) or late the day before or in the morning of the second (to do this though he would have to cancel his speech to the Texas Governor's business council but he is willing to do this if necessary) His least preferred alternative in this general time frame would be early morning on the third. Jeff -- could you coordinate with Rosie to get the time and place nailed down? 
 I got a voicemail response from Jeff - he is fine with me substituting for him on the Japan trip. 
 Let's ask Jeff Hines(?), our opinion research guy, to put a few short questions together and send it out.  We may also want to include a link so people can view the commercials again before answering.  Also,  I was talking with Beth Tilney today about our website (and the fact that every business unit now feels free to go do their own thing).  We thought it would be a good idea to add this topic to the brand conference (perhaps as part of an existing segment). 
 I think Jeff should be the point person on putting the response together on this (and future air and climate change position inquiries).  Jeff - please make sure you get the comments of all involved. 
 STEVE KEAN      Executive Committee Weekly Meeting Date:  Monday, April 23rd Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT) Location: 50th Floor Boardroom Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request. Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera (713/853-5984) or Bill Dorsey (713/646-6505) for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.  Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium.  Yes, I will attend in person ____X___  By video conference from _______  By conference call  _______  No, I will not attend  _______  *  *  *  Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, April 20th  Thank you, Bill Dorsey. 
 calendar 
 Please get me Pat Wood's phone number and post a reminder on my calendar to call him ASAP 
 I would'nt have it introduced by the "corporate policy committee".  I would say Enron is introducing or "there is a new tool available to you".  I am anxious to see how this goes over; it's a great tool. 
 No charges.  I think we should refer these to Carrie Robert and ask her to run down the people in the organization most likely to have an interest.  In this case, I would get in touch with Andy Fastow, Ben Glissan or someone in the finance group in London.  That way, we can make a better determination about the value of the relationship, make sure those who are interested in pitching them on doing bus. with Enron can be involved. Or, we can make a determination to decline.  I think we decide who we want to let in then do it for free, rather than charging.   MARY CLARK @ ENRON 04/17/2001 08:58 AM 
 FYI - this email will go out to employees tonight. ______________________________________________________________________________ ________   The Enron Corporate Policy Committee introduces Expertfinder.  Expertfinder allows you to locate people within the Enron community by organization structure, skills, reporting relationships, languages, school attended, and prior work experience.  Expertfinder is a secured HR application that is available upon completion of your Certificate of Compliance.   Expertfinder can be accessed on the Enron Intranet by typing the following URL at the Internet Explorer command line and Log In using the HRGIS Id provided below:  https://hrglobal.enron.com  Your HRGIS Id: Your Password:  Date of Birth (Format YYYYMMDD) *Current users of the Global Launch Zone will maintain the same password.  If you don't remember your password, click on Forgot ID/Password below the Log In button.  Should you have any questions regarding access or data issues in Expertfinder contact the HRGIM Line (HR Global Information Management) at 713-853-5666.  Expertfinder is only as good as the data provided.  Does your personal data need updating?  Go to eHRonline.enron.com or home.enron.co.uk/hrol_caller.htm (Eastern Hemisphere only) to update your data today.  Or, contact your HR Generalist for business unit related updates. 
 Do what you need to do; the system has to work.  The only question I have is: why doesn't IT just take care of this without a charge? This is not an extraordinary item or special request.  This ought to be something IT simply takes care of without us having to get involved or pay extra.  Am I missing something? 
 Interesting idea, but hard to see any near term benefit.  I would decline. 
 Thanks for the updated presentation.  It helps me a great deal to keep up with you guys.  Send more as you do them. 
 Thanks for handling.  Let me know if it begins to interfere unduly with your new responsibilities. 
 Thanks for taking the lead on this.  Note Tim's question about handicapping the liklihood of approval.  Prices will move in the West based on these odds.  We need to have a better view than anyone else. 
 You are awesome. 
 Thanks so much for your message.  Your communications are always complete, firm, clear and polite.  I am sorry that perhaps the most critical aspect of your efforts -- security-- has been so confused by our end.  I understand from John Brindle that the confusion generated by our end has not kept you from accomplishing a great deal of the work anyway.  I have asked John to lead the effort, to the extent you need him.  John and his team are very experienced and have been in contact with and coordination with the London office.  Mike Hicks is a good hand, but for the most part, all I have asked him to do is be in a position to identify outside resources skilled in the area in question.  It is a bit too much to ask Mike to be hands on for all of Enron's corporate security needs.  A little background I'll bore you with: after Andre Legallo (formerly VP of Security for Enron) left, we did not replace his function.  Most of the operating companies had their own security and business controls groups.  When Andre left, we reduced the corporate function to a "default provider" role -- if a business unit had a need it was not otherwise meeting, Mike Hicks (as well as an outside consulting firm) would help identify competent resources in the area.  With the reorganization of EBS, I have inherited the very competent and experienced team they had assembled (led by John Brindle).  John identified some concerns regarding India mid last week.  I urged him to get in touch with Rebecca; he did.  It was clear after further inquiries by John that the India team had already addressed many if not all of the concerns and much of the remaining work involved implementation.  John volunteered to send some people over to help and I said OK.  He had already been in touch with the London team and Mike Hicks (who I have asked to return to Houston).  The last thing you need right now is confusion caused by a group saying "we're from corporate and we're here to help".  If you don't need any "help" or if the situation gets anything other than significantly better, let me know. 
 Good brief.  I have noted a few comments and questions throughout the text. Ignore my universal change to the word "transmissions". 
 I didn't sell any, right? 
 Carolyn Green, Vice President - Government Affairs, has advised us of her= =20 resignation from Enron Corp. effective Friday =01) August 4, 2000.  Carolyn= is=20 pursuing an opportunity with Sunoco, Inc. as their Vice President for Healt= h,=20 Environment and Safety and will be making Philadelphia her new home base. We want to thank Carolyn for her hard work and many contributions to Azurix= =20 and Enron.  Please join me in wishing Carolyn the very best in her new=20 venture.  For those of you in Houston  - there will be a going away party/happy hour = on=20 Friday, August 4th at the Midtown Station - starting at=20 5:30 p.m.  The Midtown Station 2306 Brazos. =20  Easy to get to:   Take Smith south to Hadley and turn right.  Then turn rig= ht=20 on Brazos and you're there.  Pizzas will be ordered from a place across the= =20 street that makes them in a woodburning oven.  Everyone is welcome! 
 Attached is the information on talent moves within Enron.  The numbers are for Enron's domestic workforce only.  The bottom line is that the EBS and EES redeployment figures are not unusual for Enron:  We moved over 3000 employees last year (about 25% of our domestic workforce).  Most of these moves are attributable new business startups (eg EGM, ENW and EIM) and normal course of business transfers within the company.  The formal redeployment process makes up only a small fraction of the total moves in the company. 
 yes, send to dennis 
 could you look into this for me? 
 Never mind ... I found 'em. 
 Eliz- can you handle? 
 I would decline    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Please forward to Sue Walden and get her ideas. 
 I talked with Ken yesterday.  He would like to keep David on until May 15 to finish up some things he is working on for Ken.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I agree with Mark's changes and I think the memo is good to go. 
 Per our discussion this morning, below is a summary of items to discuss with Glynn:  Adding Enron's "negative CTC claim" to the list of claims: PGE's filing included a list of top twenty creditors.  Our negative CTC claim was apparently not taken into account in compiling that list.  The list is nonbinding, however.  PG&E will be required to file schedules of creditors on April 20.  Our negative CTC claim should be on Schedule F (for unsecured claims).  You may want to remind Glynn of your previous conversations and state our expectation that the negative CTC claim will appear (preferably as uncontested) in the April 20 filing. (Note: if PG&E does not include the claim we have an opportunity to file a proof of claim and ultimately the court determines the validity of the claim). Including Enron on the Creditors' Committee:  PG&E may have the opportunity to influence representation on the creditors' committees.  There are several reasons to suggest to Glynn that we be included: 1) we are a big creditor, 2) we could be helpful in crafting a broader solution, and 3) we are one of the real parties in interest behind the PX and ISO (who were listed as significant creditors but are really just "passthroughs" for the suppliers ... and PG&E likely would not want to have those political bodies serving on the creditors committee anyway). 
 STEVE KEAN     Subject: re: Executive Committee Meeting-April 9th.   Executive Committee Weekly Meeting Date:  Monday, April 9th Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT) Location: 50th Floor Boardroom Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request. Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera (713/853-5984) or Bill Dorsey (713/646-6505) for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.  Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium.  Yes, I will attend in person ___X____  By video conference from _______  By conference call  _______  No, I will not attend  _______  *  *  *  Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, April 6th.  Thank you, Bill Dorsey. 
 Ken & Jeff,  We would like to extend an invitation to you for an event at the Guggenheim Museum in New York, honoring the Frank Gehry Exhibit which Enron is sponsoring.   Frank Gehry, a celebrated architect whose building appears at the end of our Ode to Why commercial, personifies innovation in the way he has "asked why," challenging nearly every convention in his field.  Enron will have a table of 10 at the Trustee Opening Gala Dinner on May 16th, with cocktails at 7pm and a seated dinner at 8:30pm.  The Gala starts with a private viewing of the exhibition, followed by a seated dinner for 280 people in the Rotunda of the museum. Attendees are comprised of Trustees, government dignitaries, artists, curators and celebrities.  Several business unit executives are using this forum to take potential customers and we would like to know if you are interested in attending. Please advise.  Thanks, Steve 
 fyi 
 Tell him we are sending his note on to the appropriate person.   MARY CLARK 04/03/2001 03:23 PM 
 calendar 
 No.  Any idea how these guys are finding out where Jeff is going?    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 fyi 
 Karen:  I got the email through Steve's.  FYI - not sure if you put an "r" on the end of my email address.  I have too many letters in my name so it's just mmcvicke@enron.com.  Thanks. 
 fyi 
 Melissa:  Steve has another trip to New York coming up.  He will fly up late afternoon on Thurs., April 19.  He speaks at a conference sometime in the morning on Friday, April 20.   I plan on flying him back that afternoon (or if you go too and want to come back Sat. or Sun - that will work too).  Are you getting excited about your birthday trip coming up?   I bet you both can't wait to really get away.  Maureen 
 I am calling Rob Walls to see if he can attend.    Carol Ann Brown@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 03/30/2001 02:49 PM 
 Mark also forwarded a voicemail from Doty.  Doty goes into great length about his discussions with Gramm (both of them) and professes to have not only a good relationship but also the support of the Senator.  At this point, any reason not to get the letter prepared for Ken's signature? 
 See last question. 
 calendar. Also, I would like you to set up a meeting with me, Cindy Olson, Beth Tilney, Kelly Kimberly, Mark koenig, Rick Causey, and Rick Buy.  I was thinking the easiest way to get us all together would be to get a room at a restaurant for 6 or 6:30 some evening.  I have contacted Beth and Cindy already, so they know what it is about, and I will leave messages for the others.  I just need to check schedules for now.  Also,  I think it would be a good idea to have a get together after work once a month or so for the Public Affairs organization.  Nothing fancy . .  . Cadillac Bar or something similar. . .  spouses and significant others invited.  Talk it over with a couple of people in the group and let me know what you come up with. 
 Thanks for the note.  I am forwarding it on to our analyst and associate recruiting program leaders.  We may have already filled the summer spots (we also cut  down the number  a bit this year to ensure a higher quality experience), but we will be out looking for a large number of permanent hires in the Fall.    Severin Borenstein <borenste@Haas.Berkeley.EDU> 03/31/2001 06:00 PM 
 Maureen, please schedule some time on my calendar for Littlechild. 
 Linda - as we discussed, adding a sentence on open access is key.  Also, I would delete the sentence about the transmission system not being designed for the way it's being used today.    Richard Shapiro 04/02/2001 04:23 AM 
 Your understanding was correct.  In light of recent changes in the California regulatory environment (eg the recent rate order) I don't think it makes sense for us to distribute the document at this time, so you can ignore the request.  Thanks    Peter Augustini <paugustini@CERA.com> 03/29/2001 06:18 PM 
 Attached is the resume and interview schedule for Amy Kim's visit to Enron = on=20 Tuesday, April 3.  Amy worked at Enron last summer.  She is a very bright young woman. We are= =20 looking for a possible fit for her in the Govt. Affairs organization.  Than= ks=20 for spending some time with Amy while she's in town.  =20  INTERVIEW SCHEDULE AMY KIM Tuesday, April 3, 2001   ROOM  8:30 am=01) 9:30 am  Steve Kean     EB 4799  9:30 am =01)10:00 am  Jim Steffes     EB 4799  11:30 am =01) 1:00 pm  Lunch w/ Sue Nord  1:00 pm =01) 1:30 pm  Rob Bradley     EB 4799  1:30 pm =01) 2:00 pm  Christi Nicolay     EB 3801  2:00 pm =01) 2:30 pm  Harry Kingerski    EB 4799  2:30 pm   Beal's car to airport 
 I would hold off for now.  I think, based on our discussion, that Ira might be a fit for my organization or EES.  Unfortunately, I am heading out of town with my family on the 12th (unfortunate for meeting with Ira , not unfortunate for me) and EES has new leadership who is trying to assess the state of things before making new senior level hires.  So, let's wait a bit. Thanks    Stelzer@aol.com 03/30/2001 09:58 AM 
 Jeanne:  Thanks for checking about the rooms.  Steve Kean will not be able to attend this time.  I checked with our DC office for a replacement and unfortunately they couldn't attend either.  Thanks again for checking - I really appreciate it.  Maureen McVicker Steve Kean's Assistant      "Payne, Jeanne" <payne@bipac.org> 03/29/2001 12:49 PM 
 Thanks for the offer.  I may take you up on it.    Martin Bucknell/ENRON@enronXgate 03/27/2001 06:21 PM 
 I'm afraide this leaves too much room to manuever.  Having duties related to setting legislative affairs strategy and developing a plan for contacts on the Hill, will give Cynthia the idea that she can run all aspects of those duties, not just those related specifically to her substantive area.  I think it is also worth covering the heavy emphasis on teamwork and supporting, rather than directing, others in the organization. 
 What's this about?  Could you e-mail Dave and I with the background, any effect on us, etc.?  Why was Dave on this distribution? 
 Steve's on vacation on April 4, 5 & 6.  Would the week of April 16th work?     Linda Robertson 03/27/2001 11:27 AM 
 fyi 
 Thanks.  I was glad to do it and would do it again... next time my computer will work. I benefitted a great deal from what I heard from the group, especially regarding the PRC.    Roger Sumlin 03/23/2001 09:34 AM 
 fyi 
 Thanks.  Look forward to seeing you.  Sorry I left Jimmy off the note, I know he must be doing a good job.    John Ambler@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 03/23/2001 10:11 AM 
 calendar 
 Congratulations on your new position! This all came up rather suddenly, at least as far as I can tell.  If you have any interest, I would like to talk to you sometime. 
 The revised statement looks good to me.    Catherine McKalip-Thompson@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 03/23/2001 12:30 PM 
 fyi 
 He could have solved this problem in 20 minutes, right?    Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 03/25/2001 12:40 PM 
 Please see the attached memo.     Attachments: 
 Please see attached. 
 I just saw the NYT article.  Nice job.  It's nicely positioned as an issue about India's resolve to encourage foreign investment and live up to contracts. 
 I heard you were a big hit.    Leslie Lawner 03/20/2001 08:45 AM 
 Hey -- you're talking about our future President!  I am soooo looking forward to my next Biennial Resource Planning proceeding. 
 The conversation was very positive (Glynn did not know anything about it at first, but, looked into it and called Ken back Friday evening).  Glynn said they were including the amount owed in their negotiations over the price for the transmission assets and said they intended to pay all of their debts, including this one, as soon as they get paid.  He said that this weekk would be focussed on finalizing a deal for SCE given the threat of bankruptcy; the discussions would then turn to PG&E.    Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 03/14/2001 07:03 PM 
 The quotes are accurate, but I did not say California does not have a supply problem.    Mark Schroeder@ECT 03/19/2001 06:04 AM 
 keep sending the message board quotes.  Sometimes when I open them I have trouble locating the specific quote (other times I'm taken right to it).  Do you imbed the URLs differently? 
 How about inserting the attached (after the explanation about the relationship between New Power and Enron)?      Binky Davidson@EES 03/15/2001 05:35 PM 
 The memo going out on Monday discusses the corporate policy committee brief= ly=20 at the end.  The corporate policy committee does the MD PRC (evaluation of= =20 MDs and promotions to MD), reviews the recommendations of the other=20 committees (which we are just now forming).  Additionally, the corporate=20 policy committee met to determine the membership and charters of the other= =20 committees (including the PRC committees).  The corporate policy committee = is=20 comprised of the most senior executives, including the Office of the=20 Chairman, the leaders of the four business units and the heads of the=20 corporate functions.  In addition to the specific items mentioned above, th= e=20 corporate policy committee was intended to discuss and resolve the major=20 issues facing the company, including issues of strategy, personnel and=20 challenges facing the company. =20  The corporate policy committee has met three times so far, so not much=20 history yet.  Perhaps as further pronouncements issue from this august body= ,=20 we will make more of a point about where they came from. 
 Drop the first comma in the first sentence of the third paragraph.  Otherwise good to go.    Mark Frevert/ENRON@enronXgate Sent by: Nicki Daw/ENRON@enronXgate 03/16/2001 08:42 AM 
 Mary -- see attached 
 Tim  I enjoyed meeting with you too.  As I mentioned, I thought your answers were thoughtful, well stated, and accurate.  In our line of work it helps to triangulate using others' insights and I found yours particularly useful. 
 looks good. Rosie, you may want to include this in ken's file for the toronto trip    Eric Thode 03/16/2001 08:56 AM 
 Hap -- could you provide a response and get it to Meredith.  I'd like to correct this. 
 Can we also get something in the stip that limits the market making activity or at least promises a reexamination of the scope of the market making activity after some period of time.  Also, can we strengthen the language to give us something beyond simply a right to file  -- which is a right we have anyway.    James D Steffes 03/16/2001 03:34 PM 
 This is a very good try.  I think it comes off too defensive and too genera= l=20 (I just don't think the topic lends itself to the format).  Here's what I= =20 think we should do: Jeff is filming a piece for etv about the stock price. = =20 We should perhaps use, and expand upon, those messages.  This approach is= =20 more directed at the bottom line: why our stock price should go up. 
 At the bottom of the string is Stacy's phone number 
 I would like your insights.   Meredith, I'd like yours as well (particularly in light of the messageyou received from Lawson and Jefferson).    Laura Schwartz@ENRON 08/02/2000 08:22 AM 
 We have got to do better at this.  IR did a webcast of the annual meeting that from all reports had a minimum of glitches.  Can we use the same technology?    Courtney Votaw 03/13/2001 09:10 AM 
 Joe -- could you see if someone at FERC -- Hebert or Madden, might be available -- or suggest a suitable alternative? 
 The amendment was defeated    Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 03/14/2001 11:11 AM 
 Perhaps we should consider putting something together on India? 
 I can do it, but have to be at the airport before 2:00 for a flight to NY.    Sherri Sera 03/14/2001 04:17 PM 
 Your assessment makes perfect sense to me.  What do you think about having Nels make the call to Lundquist just to find out what his status is, what he might look for when his current assignment is over, etc.  (obviously without identifying us -- presumably Nels would have reason to talk to him anyway in the normal course of business)?  I am not wedded to the idea but am inclined toward at least getting the information, unless you see a problem.    Linda Robertson 03/13/2001 02:16 PM 
 calendar -- FYI 
 ok    Janel Guerrero 03/13/2001 08:04 PM 
 Ken was meeting with him the day before yesterday.  I'm just waiting to hear back.    Sherri Sera 03/13/2001 10:07 PM 
 I would just say Jeff is pres and ceo, not refer to him as Ken's replacement.    Nicholas O'Day 03/08/2001 08:58 PM 
 yes    Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 03/13/2001 12:10 PM 
 looks ok to me    Karen Denne 03/13/2001 11:54 AM 
 fyi 
 Please post on internal site 
 Please see the attached draft. 
 Start with Joe hillings in DC 
 Yes Steve received your fax.  Maureen McVicker Steve's Assistant     "Kim, Amy" <AKim@m-g.com> 03/13/2001 07:47 AM 
 I'm checking.  Melissa loves talking about Houston real estate (one of the many quirks I love her for).  I'll find out when she can do it.    Ricardo Charvel 03/12/2001 01:00 PM 
 It was not mentioned to me.  I'm copying rosie and vanessa to find out if this was a simple referral (in which case you should keep the work to a minimum -- return the call, but don't get distracted from your other efforts) or whether Ken is especially interested in this and wants us to follow through.    Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 03/12/2001 03:54 PM 
 As to whether long term contracting by Cal. is a good idea, the answer is somewhat mixed.  We were one of the early parties pointing out the problems with total reliance on the spot market and encouraging more forward contracting.  Given the utilities' precarious financial position there were two options: 1) outsource the default provider obligation to the market (this is what we prefer but there was no political support for it), or 2) have the state put its credit behind the purchases.  California is pursuing the latter, with CDWR prucahsing the utilities' requirements.  In the short term, we have criticized the state's plan because it contemplates state takeover of the grid; state participation in power plant financing, construction, and ownership; and they have not made it clear that CDWR really has the money to pay for all the purchases.  I am attaching text I have used as the base for a number of communications with policymakers.      Mark Schroeder@ECT 03/11/2001 02:11 PM 
 I am attaching the FERC order and staff recommendations.  The order provides for $69 million in "potential" refunds (either pay up or provide cost justification).  Enron was not named as one of the 13 overcharging parties, but PGE was ($3.18 million).  It's not over yet, though.  The order deals only with Jan 01 and promises further orders regarding Dec 00 and benchmark prices through April 01.  The prices used to determine refunds were fairly high ($273/mwh based on gas prices, emissions costs and an assumed heat rate of over 16000).  With respect to sales to California, we have concluded at least one short term sale and have talked with Cal Dept of Water Resources about longer term deals, but we were still struggling with credit issues, last I heard.  I'm copying Jeff Dasovich because I'm sure he has more up to date information.       Mark Schroeder@ECT 03/11/2001 02:11 PM 
 Attached is a revised draft of the Committee memo.  This draft includes John Sherriff's A/A PRC membership (which I neglected to include on the previous draft). 
 Please see the attached memorandum. 
 Thanks for the message.  It's good to hear from you again.  We have already hired Racicot (who now works for Bra