 The main issue that I see with the description you sent me is the same one that we spoke about a few weeks ago.  What should the consistent market convention for determining the first tranaction be?  If we use the current NG trading convention we will quote the premium swap as the "first transaction"  and the discount as the second. This will present consistency problems if we are trading near parity in the calendar with different months changing position in the curve. You just have to look at some of the summer spreads to see the confusion that may result. Having the near dated swap as the first transaction in all cases would eliminate that issue but will not match the current trading convention.  I will check with John to see if he has any opinion on the matter.  The product description would have to be written such that any customer would be easily be able to determine the correct direction to trade.  I will discuss this and the entire description with John on Tues. and get back to you .  Thanks  Pete 
 Jeff,  since Dutch is still out could you take care of this ??  I'm not exactly sure what he is talking about.  The trades should be part of a spread in whcich reliant is also buying or selling the hub. Thanks 
 I put in an offsetting trade for the phys/financial swap.  You will have to process three confirmations to get it done 2 offsetting phys and 1 financial.  Pete 
 Was this the longest year of your life or what??  Pete 
 I am interested in the crib ,  please give me a call.  Pete 
 Thanks for the note.  Will I be able to cover the child from the time when we get leal custody? There will be a time lag possibly up to a year until the adoption will be final .  Thanks you,  Pete 
 Jeanie,  I work in the ENA gas trading dept and understand that you are our HR rep.  I would like to speak to you briefly about a benefits issue relating to the legal custody of a child.  Please call me at 3x7277 at your convenience and I will give you the details.  Thanks Pete Keavey 
 oh how the truth hurts. As a Texas resident i can tell you that Bush is by far the worse of these two evils.  Never has a more expensive suit been filled by such cheap intellect (or lack thereof).  But as usual whoever is elected will make no difference anyway. 
 Colleen,  It is AGA day could we change the time? 
 anytime after 3 pm today  i will be leaving today at 4.45 
 please call me  in the am,  i want to know again the term, and the basis quotes for the weekend put that you are asking for.  I would also like to run the methodology by you and see if you agree.  Pete 
 Good luck. 
 thanks Bill 
 any luck on getting me set up??   Pete 
 I assume that the tokenized products for gas daily and daily basis with continue to be coded for my book on a forward basis.   I also am assuming that the Henry Hub products have been moved to FT East who is now managing them.  Thanks for your help  Pete 
 Please approve my authorization request for control over daily and monthly basis products on enrononline. I will need these products available for management on my stack manager. I currently cannot access basis products on my stack manager.  They were removed to facilitate timely messaging updates between my stack and the website. I will be managing monthly and daily  basis products for the East Desk.   I will also be retaining my management of gas daily products for the east desk. I will be managing these products as of 10/2/2000.  Please call id there anre any problems  Peter Keavey  713-853-7277 
 I am putting through an offsetting trade where I am selling 75,000 to you at flat.  You will recieve confirms for both trades. 
 I just  spoke to Jeff and he is interested in talking to you.  He saw your name on some kind of list for "redeployment" and asked if I knew you.   The job is in his fundamental analysis group.  He wants you to send your resume today.  Pete 
 Dale,  Here are the confirms for the Gas Daily option products that I need created. The product has no special requirements for setting the strike etc. if there are any questions please call me asap. I would like to have these products online by the October expiry which is next wWednesday. Please let me know when it wil