 The following will be the deal entry procedures for UBSWEnergy:  Financial 1.  All non-electronic financial deals to be entered directly by Risk Management from a written and signed deal ticket (required) from front office  Physical 1.  All current month physical deals to be booked directly into Sitara by front office (logistics/trading) 2.  All non-electronic prompt month forward deals to be booked directly into TDS by Risk Management from a written and signed deal ticket (required) from front office - physical meters to be added by logistics/trading 
 We would like to change the Netco directory name to UBS.  We will have to change the links to the NGP&L and anything else that links to files in Netco.  Let me know this morning if that will be a major problem for anyone.  Thanks 
 We all need to sit down again. 
 Ashely,  I noticed that there isn't a wacog being used in your P&L.  Currently it is taking the UA4 volume and multiplying it by $0, it needs to have a dollar value in cell M83 on the physical tab.  Thanks 
 Ok, once that is done, we need to set up the RMS access query to extract the new VaR and dump it in the positions by trader spreadsheet.  KK 
 Do you know if all of our books are set up and ready to go in risktrac, ready to report VaR?  KK 
 Thank you. 
 Scott,  I really think that Melissa would be able to handle Storey better than Kristen.  I think we should keep her on Central and let you take Kristen on the East.  Are you ok with that?  KK 
 Brian,  In an effort to keep things consistent at UBS we have tried to perfect a roll spreadsheet that all regions should use.  We added extra rolls so we should never have to add rolls.  We have saved copies for our new P&L's in O:erms\erms_adm\netco\2002\0102\Regions0102 (this will be out new regions file until further notice.  Can you copy one of those files and use that as your new P&L's?  Let me know if you see a problem in doing that.  We are trying to start linking up all new P&L's to the DPR, can you save yours out to that file when you are ready.   Thanks  Kam 
 Luchas,  We didn't run any reports daily for anyone.  There is the DPR that needs to be updated and sent to Showna twice a week that Thomas is doing, Bankruptcy books calculated and post-id's sent to credit daily, and broker quotes need to be saved daily.  Other than that, we were doing mini-books or other requests as they came. 
 I will also be leaving for vacation tomorrow and returning whenever the hell I feel like it.  : ) 
 done 
 In the Bedroom looks better.  KK 
 Kelly will be a power trader.  I don't know if she has any experience doing that. I haven't heard exactly why the weather group left, but many of the traders weren't happy that the move was a lateral one and didn't accept their offers.  I think that's what happened with them. Good luck with everything, it would be great to work with you again.  KK 
 Congratulations!!!! 
 I don't have any contacts at Duke.  Kelly Little will be working there, but other than that I don't know anyone.  Have you called Scott Neal back yet?  We were just talking about that exact thing, we knew all the weather guys left and were wondering what they would do.  That would be a great opportunity for you.  KK 
 You should try looking at Duke,  they seem to be doing some mass hiring of Enron people and giving them big pay raises.  KK 
 We are working on this now.  We have a book with all physical active trades we will be performing on, we are now working on getting the in-the-money financial trades separated into a new book.  Once that book is ready and deals are moved, we will be able to report it to you.  Thanks,  Kam 
 There is a new directory for the curve files.  I am trying to request access to this for the traders so they can't see the rest of our files.  This should be done soon.  Can you move your files to this drive today? 
  Sanjeev,  Could you run the detail for these post-id's in grey.  These are the physical post-id's that were excluded from the original request.  You don't need to run the other post-id's, just the new column I.  Thanks again,  Kam 
 John,  There is another report that needs to be added to our daily duties, it is currently only being done once a month by accounting.  I'll show it to you in the morning.   KK 
 Carl,  Here are the values you requested.  I have the detail if you need it.  Jan-03  Physical		         $71,893 Financial	$123,077,652 Total		$123,149,545    Jan-23  Physical	 	         $71,945 Financial	$121,796,554 Total		$121,868,499   Thanks  Kam x3-5781 
  How do we get into test to view these trades? 
 Could you please re-run the data dump you did for me last week with the attached post-id's?  If you could let me know how long it takes I would appreciate it.  If possible, could it be ready after lunch tomorrow?  Thanks  Kam x3-5781 
 are Darren and Phillip doing this? 
 Hal,  There will be some changes to be made to this list.  We should know more later this week.  Thanks 
 Kathy,  Vladi asked me to give you a call.  I will be out of the office until about 2:00 today so I wanted to let you know what we did to populate Form A. We gave all post-id's that were calculated on Nov-30th to Zhiyong Wei.  From there, he dumped all of that information into excel and we formatted it from there into the required buckets.  It will take a few hours for IT to get the file ready to use so I recommend getting that together ASAP.  Let me know what I can do to help.  Thanks  Kam x3-5781 
 Jeff,  There is a meeting at the Houstonian tomorrow morning.  Is this one for us or did they split the group into seperate meetings?  KK 
  My e-mail will change on Friday to kam.keiser@UBSWEnergy.com 
 Arnold, Kevin Ruscitti, Brad McKay are the only ones so far.  I'm sure there are a few more I don't know about yet.  How is your group looking, who's left, are you in charge now? 
 FYI........  We will probably have some changes to the trader matrix, we have had some traders quit or decide to stay with the estate.  Once we know for sure, we will send you the new breakout.  Thanks,  Kam 
 http://cagle.slate.msn.com/news/enronextravaganza/main.asp  check these out 
 Carl,  Please see attached spreadsheet for the TXU MTM value detail.  the forward value as of Nov-30-2001 is $121,915,684   Kam x3-5781 
  Kristen  correction on the # of people.  It should have been 99.  Sorry,  Kam 
 Yes, unless they find something on my background check....cross my fingers.  How about you? 
 Yes, that is the correct set up for now.  Thanks 
 Kristin,  Here is some information requested from E&Y for gas.  Number of books				182 Number of people				55 Average number of transactions per day	1,674 Number of active transactions		126,878   Other than the rolls supporting the DPR which Scott Palmer is working on, this should be it for us.  Please let me know otherwise.  Thanks  Kam x3-5781 
  Carl,  The attached spreadsheet will show you the MTM value for all gas deals with TXU Energy Trading Company as of Nov-30. Please see the PBI tab for Price, Basis and Index and the GD Options tab for options.  Thanks  Kam x3-5781 
 I'm about to send this.  This counterparty name was inactivated and we had to manually change the name on about 200+ deals. 
 Thanks for making those changes.  Let us know when we are ready to start setting up the hierarchy.  Thanks  Kam 
 Russ,  I want everyone in risk to have access to all regions.  Traders should only have access to their own.  Thanks  KK 
 Jan 18th  1467398 1467399 1467400 1467401 1467402 1467403 1467404 
 That is fine.  We will use what is already set up, PBregion1.  Thanks  KK 
 Karen Brown - The Kainan Group (not sure of spelling) 281-374-6700  Denham Turner - dturner@accountpros.com  Army Gere  (not sure of last name) 713-817-4180 
 Denham,  I have attached my resume.  I look forward to hearing from you.  Thanks  Kam Keiser 713-853-5781 
 Do you have a list of new curves for UBS.  They will only be taking over history for the curves we will continue to load.  Kam 
 Shona,  I forwarded Form A to Raj, here is the back-up/reconciliation if you need it. 
  Please call if you have questions.  Kam x3-5781 
 We were able to get close to the DPR values reported with the info you previously sent me.  I won't need anything from you tonight but thanks a lot for being available.  I may need to get with you in the morning to get something else together.  Thanks  Kam 
 Yu could make some money selling your Enron stuff on Ebay.  The keychain I bought for $15 is now selling for over $200.  It's crazy. 
 I put in a book request for the canada books two days ago.  I will check with John Valdes to see what the hold up is.  As far as the futures and options books, there should be one book for both.  If you have questions about that can you please call Errol McLaughlin directly?  Those are his books and I don't know how they need to be set up.  Thanks Kam x3-5781 
 I sent this to John Valdes.  He will check the book codes and get back with Cecilia to have her set them up today.  KK 
 Robin,  Darren corrected these.  If you have any questions, please call him....he is the master.  : )  Thanks Kam 
 FYI.....  all org region codes will be in all caps if that makes a difference to you. 
  Yes,  I didn't realize it mattered.  All caps.  Thanks 
 Here is the risktrac book entry template for these books.   This is the same info John Valdes sent you, with a few extra details added. 
  This should help you.  Kam 3-5781 
 The attached file summarizes all MTM value by counterparty, in and out-of-the-money trades, physical and financial.  You can filter column A for P or F and or column IV for positive or negative values.  Please call me if you have any questions.  Thanks  Kam x3-5781 
 FYI....  I changed the west and performance books to your name on the rac website. 
 Do we have to do anything for this??? 
 Kristen,  Once Zhiyong gets me the information, how would you like this handled?  Do you want me to fill out the Schedule A, or would you rather have pivot tables similar to Todd Hall's for each scenario?  Kam x3-5781 
 Bob,  Here are all active in-the-money trades in our books as of last night. The summary tab gives you the deal count and MTM value by month, the next tab breaks the value down by counterparty if needed. I already sent this to Kristen.    Here are the performance deals as well, James may have already sent this to you...   Let me know if there is anything I left out.  Thanks  KK 
 This request is saved in O:\_dropbox\Kam\In-the-money trades\Summary.xls.  The file is too large to attach. It reflects all active in-the-money trades in our books as of last night.  The summary tab gives you the total deal count and MTM value by month.  The next tab will break out the value by counterparty by month.  Please let me know if this is everything you need.   Thanks KK 
 Ok, thanks for the update.  KK 
 Please see attached.  There is a before and after column for those products that will have index name changes.  Thanks  KK 
 Stephen,  I made a copy of your BenchbyTrader and cleaned it up a little by taking out all the hidden rows and old traders.  It is saved to the same directory as UBS BenchByTrader.xls   Can you look at this and check the macros to make sure it all still works?  Can you use that going forward?  Thanks  KK 
 take me off this list for the last time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11 
  Can you please take care of this for the estate curve files?  It will have to be done on your machine, Ashely, for you to be able to load them after today.  Thanks  KK 
  Here you go. 
 Zhiyong  This is an updated sheet of post-id's.  We added many and deleted some also.  Hope this works.  KK 
 Debbie,  Have you had any luck getting the Nov. 30th post id's? I did my best job trying to get them for Houston, Chicago and Calgary but with over 400 post-id's I guarantee that we missed some.  Let me know if you still think it's possible, I would like to get back to Zhiyong today.  Thanks again for your help,  Kam x3-5781 
 Oh yeah, he's the one. 
 Thank you. 
 Kevin,  We have over 400 books that were getting officialized at that time.  I tried to get from everyone which post-id's they used that day from Houston, Chicago and Calgary but with that many books we are bound to get a wrong post-id or miss one.  I need to get the list from credit or RAC to be sure we have the right information.  I have yet to hear from them today. I also told Z to run with what he had and I'll get with him asap if I find it was wrong.  Thanks Kam 
 Mark,  Attached are a few examples of the broker quotes we get daily for each region.  I believe you had requested some curves so I also have the curves that were published for November 30th ready for you.  The files may be too large to send so please let me know if this is something you did request and I will get it to you.  Thanks  Kam x3-5781 
 Yes, we are set.  Thanks 
 Those have been corrected.  They tagg pieces have been moved but demand charges were not deleted.  KK 
 Zhiyong,  These are the post-id's that we have pulled.  Showna and Debbie Brackett are trying to get the official post-id's from the system.  Once they get that, I will check them against these.  It is very possible that these won't be all of the correct id's but I wanted to get you something to start on.  Thanks  KK 
 Albert,  I spot checked a few of these and they are not all official.  Can you please list only the Nov 30th official post-id's?  I can't tell from your post-id sheets if I'm picking the correct ones.  Thanks 
 Yes,  Thanks 
 John,  There is a new book request in Controls\Book Request Form Central Canadian final.xls  Can you attach a code to these and send it off to global and Cecilia?  Thanks  Kam 
  Do you know what she is talking about.  Do you have to have a seperate book for futures and options for Crude, unleaded and Heating Oil??  KK 
 Looks like we need some new books set up.   Can you get with Phillip.  KK 
 Z,  These are the us gas Netco curves we would like to move over.  In columns G&H we have also provided you with the gas daily curve mappings for the new database.  Thanks  KK 
 Attached is the updated version of the new product/book assignments that I sent Torrey yesterday.  We are still unsure which books to attach the physical products to.  Let me know if you see any problems.  Thanks Kam 
 Thanks 
 Susan,  The performance book has been corrected by global counterparties.  Sorry to bother you.  KK 
 Can you please change the org regions for the attached books.  Thanks  Kam 
 Here are the curves loaded for East, Texas, West and Central on November 30th.  They are also saved in O:\_Dropbox\Kam\Nov 30 Curves if you need to make any changes. I left a copy of all broker quotes from that day on your desk.  All broker quotes are saved in O:\erms\1intra\broker quotes.  Here are a few samples.       These are the curves for each region....basis, index, gas daily & physical. 
 Fixed. 
  Tracey,  We will have to change the org_region codes for all of our books today.  I will send you the updated book requests today once IT has agreed to the changes.  That should solve your problem.  Thanks  Kam 
 Jan 14th  1462986 1462987 1462988 1462989 1462990 1462991 1462992 
 I beleive this is what Zhiyong is looking for.  Let him know if you won't be ready by Friday.  Kam 
 Sorry, these have been fixed.  Thanks  KK 
 Torrey,  I added two columns to the right showing what the curve is now and what it should be.  We made some changes to the curve names to make them consistent.  Let me know if you need anything from me to make these changes.  Thanks  KK 
 Columns A-E are the exact names and their risk type.  Column G-H will be the mappings for the gas daily mappings.  If you can wait until the morning, I will have a more complete list for you.  We have made a few changes.  I will send it ASAP.  Thanks  Kam 
 The following will be the deal entry procedures for UBSWEnergy:  Financial 1.  All non-electronic financial deals to be entered directly by Risk Management from a written and signed deal ticket (required) from front office  Physical 1.  All current month physical deals to be booked directly into Sitara by front office (logistics/trading) 2.  All non-electronic prompt month forward deals to be booked directly into TDS by Risk Management from a written and signed deal ticket (required) from front office - physical meters to be added by logistics/trading 
 Thanks,  Will the test database be converted by Thursday?  We will be unable to verify that the deals are bridging correctly unless we can see the EOL reports.  Kam 
 Torrey,  Here are the new mappings for the EOL products, except for the central desk.  Hunter is still working on his but I wanted to get you something.  for physical rest of month deals we attached the physical book id for prompt month physical deals we attached the TAGG book id  is that correct?   I will send the finished product when Hunter is done.  Keep in mind it will probably change again. Kam 
 price post-id 1443313 
 #992523 is the valid deal.  When the second deal was created, the deand charges should have been deleted.  It has been fixed.  Thanks 
 Scott,  I put some question marks next to Brad, John, Pete and Sandra's products.  You have them down as managing some physical products.  Will they be managing those physical books? If not, they should go to the physical trader managing that location as before.  Can you take a look at those?  KK 
 Torrey,  For those traders that also do deals in canadian dollars, we had to create additional books for those deals.  These will not have any EOL products associated with them, they will be phone trades.  Thanks  KK 
 Thanks,  I beleive it is Keith and Frank. 
 I don't know who has been saving these daily.  Can you tell whoever on the west desk to use the new file instead.  They are for the estate and need to keep them away from the Netco files. 
 The files for the broker quotes have been moved from the Netco file to O:\erms\1intra\broker quotes.  Those will be used for the estate.  Please let anyone else who used those files know to start saving them to the new files starting today.  Thanks  Kam 
 Tiffany,  All of the TAGG deals identified by structuring have been moved to that book and we have been calculating and reporting it as of last Thursday.  The sitara book is still being worked on and should be ready to go today.  Kam 
 Jane,  The following people will need dual access to the estate and UBS files.  Kam Keiser Scott Palmer Phillip Love Darron Giron Errol McLaughlin Jeff Gossett John Valdes  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks  Kam x3-5781 
 Min,  Is this change only for those using EnPower?  My group will no longer be running any power books and won't need EnPower any longer.  If this affects the gas applications in any way let me know, but I think that this won't be necessary for me.  Thanks Kam x3-5781 
 We will get you the FT-Ontario and Intra-Ontario.  Please call Brian Gillis in Canada for the FT-Canada book.  Do you know what the full name for FT-US-Can is, that name doesn't exist in TAGG.  Thanks  KK 
 Susan,  I am still unable to book sitara deals to the Performance book.  What needs to be done to fix this?  Kam 
 Mike,  Attached are the files required for gas risk management.  Please call me if you have any questions.  Thanks Kam x3-5781 
 Dawn,  Please leave all risk types to the same books.  We won't be splitting the index out this time.  Thanks 
 FYI....  To keep things consistent all of the traders, except the financial group, will use their physical books to log in for EOL. 
 Mark,  I don't know if your friend is still looking for risk people but here is a resume of someone I would highly recommend.  He used to work for me on the East desk.  KK 
 Hey,  Phillip already made reservations and Jeff is waiting to make sure he can go.  Darren and his wife have made their plans, and Dawn and Gary have also, I think.  I will next week, and a couple other girls from risk are going too.  We're leaving on the 13th, returning the 16th.  Staying at the Mirage.  You could win thousands in Vegas to use for your house.  What other vacation can do that.  Well, we think we should hear something today as far as who we work for now.  I'm sure it will be next week though.  We're assuming it will happen and have been setting up all new files and databases.  It should be interesting.  How is your job?  Does Kyle Lilly work for you now?  Later, Kam 
 Errol,  Torrey sent us a file with all of the EOL products and the old book assignments.  He need us to tell him the new trader name, book name and global ID today.  The file is saved in Netco\controls\Trader-Book template (US gas)_EOL new books.xls  the global ID's are saved in your book request also in the controls file 
 OK, the fun continues.  We need to assign EOL products to traders.  Torrey sent a file (Netco\controls\Trader-Book template (US Gas)_EOL new books) with all products and the old book assignments.  We need to get with the traders today and get these split out.....many will stay the same as before.  Also, when physical deals are done, will all risk types go to the same desk or will one person be managing the index separately.  ex. the west desk used to book all index to Grigsby's book.  I have told Dawn that all risk types will go to that trader's book but if index needs to be changed let me know.   Thanks  KK 
 Tom,  Everyone in risk management needs to get access to EOL bridge monitor and reports.  What do we need to do to get this and how soon can it be granted?  We need this by Thursday to be prepared for testing.  Thanks  Kam 
 I think I fixed the trailblazer path....the curve description on the curves tab didn't match the contract CB tab.  The ref# should go away once you roll it for today.  Try that this morning and let me know if it works.  Thanks  KK 
 Could you please send all counterparty or contract inquiries to Deal Validation, Scott Tackett?  Thanks Kam 
 forward that file to John Valdes and Ramesh once you are ready 
  Here is the gas file. 
 Casey,  Here is the file we need to fill out for Ramesh to download into RisktRAC. 
 Jan 10th  1461090 1461091 1461092 1460765 1460766 1461093 1460768 
 Hal,  I have highlighted the files and names that should move over.  I had to add some names to the bottom of the ERV files.  Thanks  Kam 
 The file is saved in my dropbox called ERV_Stats.  See if you can open that.   Thanks KK 
 Susan,  We are unable to book any sitara deals to this book.  It doesn't look like it is set up as a business unit.  Do you know what we need to do to fix it?  Kam 
  Also, this is a list of current names and files.  If for any reason you would like to have any of these files moved with Netco instead of creating new ones, let me know which files and Hal will move them to the new database.  Thanks 
 Dawn has given us until noon Wednesday to get them the final list of EOL products and book mappings.  I know with the trader changes last Friday these will change again. The traders had a meeting this morning going over their curves, and it sounds like they are moving some curves between regions and might possibly be losing some locations.  Since we will be testing everything on Thursday, we need to have our curve files ready to load on Wednesday to give a prior day curve for portcalc. The west traders are looking at theirs now, can you guys check with your traders and see if they need any changes made to the files, and let them change any links?  We also need to create a curve file that the traders can get to, but doesn't give them access to any of our other files, so the current location will not be the final.  We can create this tomorrow once we have converted over to UBS.  Thanks  KK 
 Do you want to keep any of the old TRV files for Netco for any reason.  We can create new ones once it is set up.  KK 
 Casey,  Could you get me a list of names for those people in Netco that should have access to ERV and TRV?  Hal McKinney is trying to clean up this file this week.  Thanks Kam 
 Demand charges and triggers are done. 
 Z,  This is a list of the curves we will be using in Netco.  We may have some additional curves to add to this list but I wanted to get you something to start with.  Thanks  KK 
 can you also add Rbhatia and AFay to the access list for this book.  Thanks 
  The file is saved in O:\_dropbox\Bankruptcy\EYreqeust.xls 
 This is what Jeff gave them for the terminated deals.  I need the values by month for gas only.  They asked for positions but that will be much harder, if you can get anything like that I can use it.  Thanks  KK  see MTM by Month 
 Can you please grant access to myself (kkeiser) and stephanie hopkins (shopkin2) to this book.  Thanks 
 Yes. 
 Hey,  It's Vegas time baby!!!!!  March 13-16th.  Feel like winning some $$$$? 
 We have created six new curve files for UBS.  Could you please look at them and let me know if there is something in your files that you are not responsible for and we will move them.  Also, you can use these files to change or update your links.    O:\_dropbox\West Curves  We will probably be loading these on Wednesday for the first time to do our final testing so let me know if you have any questions or need our help with this.  Can you let me know when you have finished with yours so we can convert them to the new database?  Thanks  Kam   If you have already done this let me know, Phillip is out all week and I don't know where he left off. 
 Thomas is setting up a new NGP&L file and would like us to save a copy of each P&L to Netco\2002\0102\region#0102.  Once you decide how you are going to break them up, one file for each book or combine them together, can you save them out there so he can start linking them.  I think that for the physical regions it may be easier to keep each book separate because people could be moving around a lot.  KK 
 Debbie,  The credit committee needs to get some information from us that I could use your help with.  Can I get a dump of the non-terminated deals into excel and I will format it from there.  The information they need to see are the counterparty name, cash flows (MTM value) and positions. As always, they need it by 11:00 this morning so if you could let me know if this is something your group could provide me with I would appreciate it.  Thanks  Kam  x3-5781 
 please take me off your mailing list. 
 Ed,  This book has been set up and should be ready to go.  Can you let me know what deals you would like moved into that book and we will take care of it.  Thanks  Kam x3-5781 
 Can we also get the books that these used to be mapped to?  That will eliminate about 75% of the work.  Thanks  KK 
 Jan 9th  1460650 1460651 1460652 1460653 1460654 1460655 1460656 
 It is the Import Gas Daily file under Curve Maint in Runm.  We are working on an excel file with the intra-month and gas daily curves and will send it to you when we are done and we can try to load them once the database is split.  Thanks  kam 
 Thanks 
 Susan,  Can I please get a copy of the physical  Portfolio Request form from you so in the future we get these physical books set up correctly. Could you also tell me what needs to be done differently from all other books.  We created our own Data Codes and sent them to global counterparties, is there anything else different?  KK  also, can you tell me when the PERFORMANCE book will be ready.  Ed McMicheal needs to value those deals today.   Thanks 
 Bernice,  I added the unique 4 digit Data codes to column T of the attached spreadsheets.  Let me know if there is anything else you need from me.  Kam 
  Here is a list by risk type that we plan on loading with UBS.  There were some name changes to a few of the west desk curves. Lt me know if you have any questions.  Kam 
 US ENOVATE should also be added.  Thanks 
 Mike,  Do you or anyone else in your group get broker quotes on a daily basis to help set the curves?  If so, is there a spreadsheet kept with them that I can get?  Thanks  Kam 
  Here are the files that use ERMS that the estate will be using.  Some of these directories will have files that are saved with a new name daily, you can pick the latest date to change.   O:\erms\erms_adm\firmtrad\Benchmark\2002\Jan-02 O:\erms\erms_adm\firmtrad\2002\0102\regions O:\erms\Excel Queries\ (Netco will need a copy of these files moved with them) O:\Transport\Central Transport\2002\Jan02 O:\TDS\TDS Curve\Central O:\TDS\TDS Curve\East O:\TDS\TDS Curve\GD-Central O:\TDS\TDS Curve\NY O:\TDS\TDS Curve\NYMarket O:\TDS\TDS Curve\Southeast O:\TDS\TDS Curve\Central\Texas O:\TDS\TDS Curve\Central\West O:\TDS\TDS Curve\East\Intramonth & Gas Daily files\eastprodnew style & eastmktnewstyle.xls O:\TDS\TDS Curve\East\GDI - East.xls O:\TDS\TDS Curve\EAST\FTEAST.xls O:\erms\1intra\1report\2002\0102phy\regions\EATP0102.xls O:\erms\erms_adm\firmtrad\2002\0102\regions\intra-east transport 0102.xls O:\Global_trading\Financial|trading\Texas Trading\Curves Bass..... ft_tx0326 waha_perm_0326 indexCurves texasnewstyle texas gas daily index curves O:\Bridgeline\BRMS\Risk\Benchmark O:\Bridgeline\BRMS\Risk\P&L O:\ECT_trading\Pos_curves\BasisCurves\2002Curves\Jan2002 O:\ECT_trading\Pos_curves\IntMonCurves\2002Curves\Jan2002   I will send more if I find them.  Thanks  KK 
  Andrew,  I have one question about this form.  Does the book id mean the name exactly as it appears in tagg or is it the risktrac name (attaching the risk type to the end), ex. FB-FINANCIAL-PRC  Thanks  Kam x3-5781 
 Do you guys know which books each of your people will be doing?  There is a column for that in the trader matrix under the controls folder.  Ramesh will be loading our information into risktrac for us once we have all of the information, book admin id is one of the fields he needs.  When you have decided can you please input that into the trader matrix and I'll then forward everything to Ramesh.  Thanks  Kam 
 Susan,  What time can that estate book be ready to go?  KK 
 Russell, I believe that Francis Lim has been trying to help you with the project we have been talking about.  The information below should be able to replace what he may have given you.  You can copy these post-id's and change the dates to whatever you like.  Here are all of the post-id's for the PG, G1 and W9 which are the remaining live books.  price			1458677 basis 			1458682 index 			1458681 gas daily		1458683 gas daily index		1458681 canadian price		1458639 canadian GD		1458283   These are the bankruptcy post-id's (HH and HE)  price			1459387 basis 			1459389 index 			1459391 gas daily		1459392 gas daily index		1459393 canadian price		1459395 canadian GD		1459396   Attached are the forwards and options details that you can run to give you all of the values you may need.    Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Jan 8th  1459387 1459389 1459391 1459392 1459393 1459395 1459396 
 Do you remember at what price do we own Microsoft? 
 Greg,  There are still about 2,000 deals between ECC and Riskmantra that need to be moved to the Bankruptcy books.  IT did all ECC to ENA deals, they need to change the script to ECC and Riskmantra.  We started to move some of the deals manually but there are too many to do.  Sanjeev Gupta has been doing this for us in the past.   I left a message with him but you might want someone to follow up with him to make sure it happens before calcing time today.   Here is a list of the deals if you guys are looking for work to do.   Thanks  KK 
 We have a copy of the p&l format we will all be using saved in O:\erms\erms_adm\Netco\blank P&L.xls.  If you are setting up your formulas you can use this format to create all your links for the new NGP&L and then change them to the individual p&l's later, we will be deciding how to break out the traders sometime this week.  Attached is a list of the book names and the traders associated with each book.   Let me know what you guys need to get all of this set up this week.  Thanks  Kam 
 Thank you.  KK 
 O'neal Winfree currently manages the Texas risk management group for natural gas and is also responsible for the benchmark reporting group.  He works closely with the Desk director and other traders to ensure accurate reporting of the positions and P&L's.  He has eliminated most OA variances on his desk and has helped the other regions as well.  O'neal and his group recently created a new physical P&L reporting tool to assist the risk and trading groups.  Scott Palmer is currently the East desk lead and was the central desk lead prior to that.  He set up and managed the Wellhead region and created new reporting tools for the traders to manage their supply.  He was also responsible for calculating and reporting the Virginia Natural Gas asset management book and worked closely with the structuring group and others at VNG and Sequent to resolve any issues or questions.  James Hungerford has been a book administrator on the East region for the past six months.  He quickly became an important part of the team by managing up to three traders' P&L's and making numerous improvements to our daily routines such as streamlining the Weapon-X database, automating the new deal checkout and implementing a daily VaR estimate process.  Prior to risk management, James was the Operational Analysis coordinator for the east region and worked with risk management and other downstream groups to clean-up all past variances and helped eliminate future problems. 
 Thank you.  Here are the NT id's. 
 Bob Hall will have the mid and back office list and Ed McMichael should have the front office.  KK 
 There are a few deals that we have agreed to perform on 100% and Ed McMichael needs to be able to value those deals separately.  KK 
 Susan,  Can you please set up the attached book for the estate.  Thanks  KK 
 Question:  Once the new database for ERMS is split for Netco. we will have to make some changes to the gas daily curve mapping tables.  Is there another way to create these mappings other than adding them one at a time.  We are getting rid of a large percentage of curves and will be making many changes to the current mappings.  Doing it one by one will be very time consuming and I want to see if you are able to load them another way.  Kam 
 Will you still need the GD curves, GD-HPL/SHPCH and GD-WAHA, or can the GDP be used instead?  KK 
 Attached are the book requests for the NetCo. books.  They have already been set-up in Global Counterparties.  Thanks,  Kam 
 We don't have access to UBS applications today.  They are supposed to make the switch for us tonight.  I have Stephanie a list of risk people that need access to the reports so after tonight we'll be able to test it out.  Thanks  KK 
 Zhiyong needs to get a list of all curves we will be loading for Netco. by tomorrow.  When you all are done identifying those curves could you please get me a list of the curves by risk type?  Thanks  Kam 
   Attached are the original spreadsheets with additional book requests in yellow.  This should be the end, or close to it, for the Netco gas book requests.  As before, could I get the global id's once you are finished?   Thanks,  Kam 
 Sorry,  I forgot to attach the spreadsheet. 
 Scott,  Just so I understand correctly,  for the 