 I take it back, I am familiar and I think you guys did a great job getting this done with them.  This is a great first step in our ultimate goal. 
 sounds good tim 
 Janet  Call me. 
 Do you think Janet wants to apply. 
 I thought we should have be taxable to the toon of 100 Million.  Give me a call when you get a chance. 
 Just keep pushing forward.  We'll figure this out as we go.  Lavo 
 Max,  John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.  The current list shows two commercial employees reporting to you.  They are Steven Irvin, Manager and Matthew Duffy, Manager.  Could you please respond to this email and confirm this information.  Your prompt response would be appreciated.  Thank you,  Kim x30681 
 Rob,  John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.  Please review the list below of these commercial employees that report up to you, directly or indirectly, and let him know if you see any discrepancies.  Your prompt response would be appreciated.  Thank you,  Kim x30681  Derek Davies  Director Barry Tycholiz  Director Paul Devries  Director Jeff Borg  Director Eric Le Dain  Director Cyntia Di Stefano Manager Kyle Kitagawa  VP Duncan Croasdale Manager William Greenizan Manager Dean Drodziak  Manager Howard Sangwine Manager Garrett Tripp  Manager Jan Wilson  Manager 
 Tim,  John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.  Please review the list below of these commercial employees that report up to you, directly or indirectly, and let him know if you see any discrepancies.  Your prompt response would be appreciated.  Thank you,  Kim x30681  Michael Swerzbin VP Sean Crandall  VP Mark Fischer  Manager Matthew Motley  Manager Timothy Heizenrader Director Thomas Alonso  Manager John Forney  Manager Holli Krebs  Director Christopher Foster Director Jeffrey Richter  Manager Gregory Wolfe  VP Diana Scholtes  Manager Robert Badeer  Manager Kimberly Ward  Manager John Malowney  Manager Stewart Rosman Director David Ellis  Manager 
 Chris,  John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.  Please review the list below of these commercial employees that report up to you, directly or indirectly, and let him know if you see any discrepancies.  Your prompt response would be appreciated.  Thank you,  Kim x30681  Jacob Thomas  VP Frank Vickers  Director David Parquet  VP Michael McDonald VP Douglas Dyer  Director Jeffrey Shields  Director Terry Donovan  Manager Jeffton Slaughter Director Mark Fillinger  Director David Kates  Manager James Gilbert  Director David Fuller  Manager Ron Coker  Manager Jonalan Page  Director Laura Wente  Manager Elliot Mainzer  Manager Michael Etringer Manager James Buerkle  Manager Todd Perry  Manager Saji John  Manager Stephen Thome Manager Paul Choi  Manager 
 This person seems confused.  Please advise. 
 Enjoy 
 The following points refer to the methodology that we are taking to rebook the New Albany Plant.  Please send me a note immediately if you disagree. Assume that NewAlb is a non mark to market entity and Enron is the mark to market entity.  However, it is fully owned and operated by us for now.   *  The power mark to market book will pay NewAlb a capacity payment of $4.87 for 5 years.  We shaped this payment as follows:  2001 - $5.06 2002 - $4.96 2003 - $4.86 2004 - $4.75 2005 - $4.65  *  This payments allows Enron to supply gas to NewAlb and receive power.  *  Enron will pay NewAlb $1000 per unit start.  *  Enron will also pay NewAlb $2.00/MW hour for varialbe o&m.  *  This will create an entity "NewAlb" that will return 9% assuming a book value of $336/kw on 12/31/2005 vs. 409 currently.  *  If NewAlb pays the 9% out that entity should be relatively flat each year for the next five. 
 Sarah I trust you.  Just tell her what we need. 
 Can you get me his undergrad grades. 
 I didn't think that you ever officially reported to me.  Let me know.  I didn't think I needed to do your review. 
 Yes  6437 Mercer St. Houston Tx 77005  P.S.  I hate golf. 
 The two cheap guys -  Tycholiz and Lavorato  Change Milnthorp to Calger. 
 I have a meeting tomorrow.  Can you tell me what total power demand in in the East and the West and what Enron's volumes are. 
 Sticking to Motocross eh. 
 ocean view 
 John Lavorato  Amex 371385129301004 Exp 06/03  Dave Delainey Rob Milnthorp Barry Tycholiz   Book us 3 rooms and make sure that we can have 2 beds in one of the rooms.  Thanks  John 
 Sheila  Can take the current spreadsheet attached and add the origination prc resuslts under the proposed cash bonus categy.  The vp commercial page is the only relevant page.  Please send that back when your done. 
 What's a dealerboard. 
 Working you 
 ok 
 Dave is going to call you. 
 It's strarting. 
 John Lavorato  Joined Enron in August 93 as an Associate.  Moved to Calgary and built Canadian business.  Made President of Canada in Early 99.  Moved back to Houston Early in 2000 to run North American Trading.  Named COO Enron North America in August.  Undergrad in Canada - University of Western Ontario.  MBA - Northwestern.  CFA.  If You need anything else give me a call  John 
 don't you love the ok method of communicating. 
 Can we do it without the bonus target. 
 Hickerson always claims that they have var by trader. 
 As requested. 
 Kevin  I know its tough but your groups need to be involved in recruiting as much as possible to keep uplifting the talent in your group. 
 I'm sorry but I think its my only child syndrome. 
 Apparently not eh. 
 What if they have there current postions but bigger getting them to their limits.  What would the agg var be. 
 Sounds great. 
 We should get 9 Million of Prudency tonight. 
 Bob  I talked to Kevin about these two guys and he feels they are critical to our business.  Broadband has taken 5 guys out of East Power and left us short.  Sorry 
 I think we are making great progress on the systems side.  I would like to set a deadline of November 10th to have a plan on all North American projects (I'm ok if fundementals groups are excluded) that is signed off on by commercial, Sally's world, and Beth's world.  When I say signed off I mean that I want signitures on a piece of paper that everyone is onside with the plan for each project.  If you don't agree don't sign. If certain projects (ie. the gas plan) are not done yet then lay out a timeframe that the plan will be complete.  I want much more in the way of specifics about objectives and timeframe.  Thanks for everyone's hard work on this.  John 
 Can't seem to find this.  John 
 no interest 
 I think everybody is scared of us. 
 No problem bensen 
 Book the  Cenral Trasport Deals and give me a report every month.  The new format looks fine.  John 
 Thanks I'll take care of it. 
 Kevin Presto is on it. 
 John  I'm out of town at a wedding that weekend but thanks for the invite. 
 I think he reports to Jeff Shankman.  I forwarded you e-mail to Jeff.  Let me know. 
 Ted  Call me.  I told Charlene that I would do a super saturday and be a moderator for the decision process.  I forgot which one.  Helllllpppp. 
 Kim  Please print all these resumes for me. 
 6437 Mercer St  In West University.  2 1/2 blocks from University Avevue between University Avenue and Holcombe.  713-661-6096. 
 Correction I never suggested this. 
 Set  me up on this. 
 So I'm working some magic for Friday.  I think we are going to play a private men only club for free (except for caddie fees).  I figure the downside is that we get pummled and left for dead.  I'll let you know. 
 This crazy.  Sooner or later they will win.  We need to do something radical to make them realize they are insane.  I don't know what that is. 
 Call me on this I am a little confused. 
 I would be happy to do a phone interview with this guy.  But I won't pay for him to fly down. 
 James might have a chance in putt-putt. 
 Every golf course in Houston has a golf tournament next friday.  What do you think about mini-putt. 
 Print all these resumes for me. 
 Saturday 10 my course.  Sunday 8 Tour 18.  Friday - Working you. 
 yes 
 I do not run EES trading.  I would contact Marty Sunde with respect to big costs that EES wants to spend.  Marty runs EES North America.  I agree with you however that they should't go crazy on spending. 
 I'm okay with this. 
 If you bring Dina some cheesey (spelling) 80's movie on DVD like "16 Candles" she would be in heaven.  We got a crazy cold spell last week but it should be gone when you come.  In case you guys want to go to a nice place to eat you might want to bring some casual pants but for the most part jeans should be fine. 
 This is what I mean aout miscommunication. 
 I'm sensing that you don't have much to do during the day.  I'm thinking about inviting Mark Waldren down at the same time.  Please advise. 
 I thought you hated getting involved.  Just kidding. Congrats.  Lavo 
 Bill  Scott Neal talked to someone who said that we could do this. Please call Scott. 
 Anthony  Thanks for the email, however, that was the last thing that I received.  I think some credit intermediation would be helpful. 
 I guess we will just go without a contract. 
 I hope you are talking to Phillip to get you system needs as part of this project. 
 I not sure I know who David Jallits is, 
 Liz,  Let me know when they send out the web address and I will make sure that John fills out the forms.  k 
 Charlene  Just a comment.  I would love to facilitate a couple decision meetings when I'm in town. 
 I guess I'll let this one slip through.  Lavo 
 I know that you'll give me hell for this but I'm out of town for my Sister-in-Law's wedding that weekend.  John. 
 Can we put something into our trading system where it would stop us from entering a counterparty in if we were full on credit.  This could help the communication problem that currently exists on companies like Perry Gas. Please advise. 
 Beth  Can you get me an updated list of projects by October 9th. 
 Vince where did this resume come from and is he still employed by the National Bank in Monteal. 
 Did you get me the performance review forms. 
 I having second thoughts about raising South American limits.  If its not too late and if I have a vote give me a call. 
 Greg  Thanks for taking the time to interview Nigel.  If you like him please sell him hard on 
 Kim  Have you called Nigel and told him about the interviews. 
 Just wondering if I am going to take the same fate as Keith. 
 Get on my schedule. 
 Colleen  I have no idea what my intent is.  I was trying to get more info so that I could evaulate things.  This may mean that I do nothing from a valuation perspective. 
 Yes Call me. 
 I hope the data on these performance reviews is wrong.  I think we need 100% of reviews done.  Do you agree. 
 Wes  Can you tell me how many Enron entities are members of the AGA (American Gas Association).  The fee is 100K and I think HPL is a member and not us.  But I wonder if some of our other piplelines are members. 
 So I guess Dave doesn't want to send this out. 
 Hoyt  The Zufferli stuff seems like it is getting a little confused in Canada. They might need to change his Contract to Canadian language but none of the terms should change including the end date except for his agreed upon Canadian $ pay. 
 noooooo!!!  Gas Var. Gas Var. Futures accounts. 
 David  I quess this whole Nelson Ferries contract thing started before me.  However, I can't imagine that we can retract on it.  Please advise. 
 You missed logistics as a rotaion.  Also - Let's leave out where they graduate to.  This might be an issue with the AA program if we say that they are going to re-enter the program. 
 You should include VP's and also you should make it a little clearer that I don't want to be on the schedule unless they have made a decision. 
 We got it covered.  It was my fault. 
 Oxley  Change it to 150 and 100 on Long term comp and ignore the bonus target and send it back to me.  I will forward it to Belden with a note.   Thanks 
 Yes 
 Dave  I agree with all your points.  There had to be a first time. I've been blowing Ted off because of the markets last week. Let's get together this week with Ted and discuss the future.  Kim please set up meeting with Ox and Bland and me. 
 Tina,  In the future, if you have a message regarding John Lavorato's schedule, could you please send it to me instead of sending it to John.  Also, you did not provide the time, however, Kay Chapman indicated that the meeting will take place at 2:00 p.m.  John is not available at 2:00 p.m.  Thank you  Kim 
 I don't but I need a golf shirt.  Just kidding. 
 Hoyt   Did you get me response on Martin. 
 Can you send the contract to me.  I guess this one went out before me. 
 Tim  There is absolutely a spot for John.  Maybe he should give me a call or even come an see me.  Why don't you talk to him and also I would love your thoughts on what the best role for him would be. 
 Good job on this. 
 Get me info on this. 
 Talk to Fletch about progress. 
 Charlene  My gut tells me that some of these folks we are hiring don't fit that well with the current strategic direction of Enron (Although I'm sure they are very high quality individuals).  If its not too late, I wonder if we should slightly scale back the number of Associates that we are attempting to hire. I'm not sure that Dave and I need that many individuals that are focused on International business.  Regards  John 
 Fine  Do it quickly. 
 Rob  Can you make sure that the Toronto Office is not blowing their minds on costs. 
 Peter  Deal with Joe Deffner directly.  I threatened his life if we don't pay them in time. 
 Call me about this. 
 Rick Buy  I'm expecting more details from Bill re. Perry Gas but I'm quite pissed about this.  I will deal with my traders when I have the details.  On the Retail side, I think this is the problem in trying to set up a separate Wholesale trading group in retail which is clearly happening.  This wouldn't of happened it they were trading through us. 
 Let me sit on that because Scott's performance has not been as strong as Hunter and Fletch's. 
 Becky,  Who instructed you to send out this form?  Kim    Enron North America Corp. 
 Please give Mike Grigsby access to the basis position reports and the fixed price position reports for gas. 
 Make sure the Benson's of the world who don't read their E-mails read this 
 That would be outsanding. 
 No to Nelson and I'm ok with Scott but I would like to hear the figures. 
 No changes 
 hi nana its micael 
 Mike  Can you live with the gas position reports.  John 
 Just say that I said that you did a great job.  Lavo 
 Eric the contact names are listed at the bottom of this message.  Please call if you have questions. 
 My opinion is that you need a budget.  Lavo 
 Book this deal very conservatively.  ie.  set the curve so you pay credit reserve but show no income.  We will discuss in 2001.  John 
 Can I please extend the 45 million var and the contracts in the power book until the Board meeting on October 11th. 
 I know you are screwing with me.  If you are not.  NO! 
 Can I also get a copy of his resume. 
 Rick  I thought I would give you an update on what I am doing from a systems perspective.  I'm trying to get a systems plan together from Beth.  We simple do not have one.  From there I will coordinate with traders and back office to try to create a plan that everyone can by off on.  My new motto is "Systems will be fixed or people will die".  I will keep you informed.  John 
 Was Greg onside with this stuff?  Give me a call. 
 Aslo where all my traders that I assigned. 
 Why is Milnthorp doing a U.S. school and I thought I was doing MIT 
 Beth  Get me that new list as soon a possible.  John 
 Dave  As part of the info you should put together I thought it would be good to have the historic head count (for 1-2 years) by month and by level to try to get a sense of how many people we hire.  Might even need the number of hires and fires/resignations.  My thought is to try to figure out how difficult it would be to have a few committees to interview candidates before offers would be made. 
 Dave  I think Overdyke is still working on the peaker insurance deal.  He has Per on the road working on it.  We probable should tell him that we don't have anymore unless New Albany is enough. 
 Looks great.  I think we should have a least 1 or 2 real time traders in Calgary. 
 FYI - see below.  Belden is the King! 
 Fletch  Make sure they also set up the fixed price vs. daily term swaps at Henry the Hub. 
 Wes  Are we allocating people like research out to the various wholesale groups.  John 
 Good Job! 
 I'm in Vegas this weekend, want to come.  P.S.  We should play soon I have averaged 94 in my last 5 rounds. 
 I've told Presto to relax 17 times.  Just deal with me on this one. 
 The commercial support people that you and Hunter want to make commercial managers. 
 I keep hearing that Mcsherry is gone yet his xxxxxx name keeps coming up.  Lavo 
 Can I please see the resumes. 
 NGX owes us a lot of money on Deceber 25th.  Please send me an  email when we receive it.  Thanks  John 
 This e-mail is kind of funny. 
 Should the cap affect the marginal price of power in Ontario.  Lavo 
 I would like to see the resumes. 
 Looks good to me.  John Lavorato 
 I think I know what this E-mail is about. 
 Sorry Vince I have been out of town.  Please give me a call tomorrow. 
 That's fine by me. 
 Dave  Try to make sure that my assigned guys get significant roles.  Make sure they are interviewing on campus.  PS  Herdon is a director not VP 
 Help 
 Let's grab another 15 minutes together before you do anymore work,  John  Tuesday may work -  check with Kim Hilis. 
 I am writing to inform you that John Lavorato has left for vacation however should be checking emails throughout the next week.  If you believe this matter requires his immediate response, please call and let me know or leave John a voicemail.  Kim Hillis x30681 
 Change Holst and Grigsby to 35 Million and 35 Million. 
 Phillip Allen will put 50 Million in Schedule C reserve on August 23rd and Mike Grigsby and Kieth Holst will put 25 Million each on August 24th. 
 Paul  The fellow in Andea Reed's group is all yours.  P.S.  How is our trade coming along. 
 If this is OK with you its OK with me. 
 Given our current views of the natural gas markets, we are requesting an increase in our VAR limits from 40 million to 45 million until next Tuesday.  John 
 XXXX XXX 
 We won a PPA in Alberta.  We will know for sure on Thursday when the government declares the auctin a success or not.  It is highly like that it will be a success.  Please direct all detailed questions through Derek Davies in Canada (403-974-6793) 
 10 Million - Pan Nat gas purchase from Duke - Contract allows for price determination.  10 Million - Tolls Risk associated with PGT transport that expires in 2023.  10 Million  - Index Risk at Chicago as a result of the Peoples transaction  I'll call you later today. 
 I need trader performance by Var for everyone you have in the company  by 8:00 AM tommorrow morning. 
 Dave  We need to think about trying to get more VAR for the gas floor before all these other commodities go to the Board and scare the hell out of them.  I have several reasons for this so lets discuss.  Lavo 
 Get Chris Abel on my schedule early Monday. Also can you make sure that I have a computer set up for me in Portland and Calgary and that it gets me into my network.  I especially need to be able to get into the executive reports. 
 Beth  I'm wondering if you are done are close on the systems plan.  I am getting on a plane early monday afternoon.  I would love something to review even if it is not complete.  Thanks  John 
 Per  I misplaced your emain on the funds.  Can you resend it please.  Thanks John 
 OK  I think 3 days a year is fair. 
 Tim  Given the tight schedule, lets try to find a half and hour for me to sit in front of all of the traders at once.  John 
 Chris ask Dave he is still the king of your world in my mind. 
 A couple questions.  Do I need to do anything next Wednesday or will money just hit my accout?  Will you pay the contractor and if so why is Len Wong involved?  John 
 Jessica,  I have resent the information to you with the requested signatures.  Could you please provide me with the exact address so that I can send this overnight to your attention.  Thank you  Kim Hillis assistant to John Lavorato 713-853-0681 kimberly.hillis@enron.com 
 Send me stuff on Wolfe's performance this year and where you would rank him. I need this for tomorrow. 
 Can you please help Greg get this info.  I have to think that we have this info somewhere. 
 Dave  I hate to make the management committee too big but how about Scott Tholen. He is very high quality. 
 I really think we can do this more systematically.  Give me a little time. ie.  Trust me I'm the Godfather. 
 Mark  We can make this even simpler.  All broker trades are confirmed the next day.  We would only need to record trader deals when they deal direct which is rare and all marketer deals.  If we do this we might consider keeping the tapes for a longer period because only the confirming part would be on tape.  Please advise. 
 I talked to Whalley about it a little bit.  The one issue is that when we liquidate a bad position they get out first.  Think about it. 
 Make sure we don't lose these two to Jeff.  Call Celeste and tell them that we have place them in gas. 
 What have you been smoking. 
 Thank you Donnie.  I was having server problems yesturday so you did the right thing!  Thanks again and have a wonderful day.  Kim 
 vp ranking - call if I missed anyone.  Allen - Superior Arnold - Strong Presto - Excellent Wolfe - Strong Lagrasta - Strong Baughman  - Strong Shively - Superior Sturm - Superior Neal - Excellent Martin- Excellent Schweiger - Excellent Belden - Superior Swerzman- Superior 
 Please call me at x30681 prior to installation.  Kim 
 Just to be clear.  There will be no re-allocations of analysts and associates from ENA to Global Products. 
 Veronica,  In the future, please send this information to me so that I can print it off and make sure that it gets signed.  Kim Hillis x30681 
 Dave  Is there a round 2 of raptor and is Beau Canada going into it. 
 That's great.  Please don't let Len delay. 
 We should be getting gas fax. 
 Does this mean that we have no VAR limit during this time. 
 Tim  If at all possible I would like us to pass on talking publicly about this topic.  John 
 Can you please print me 20 color copies of these reports just this week.  I want to distribute them to me head traders. 
 The PPA auction is going along well I think.  We are leading on Sundance B and have been for 3 rounds now.  Some weird things are occuring so it is too early to tell what will utimately happen.  The government has said that it will move to the third and final stage of the auction in the morning.  We would be estatic if people continue to leave us alone on Sundance B. Currently we are bid  $112,000,000 Canadian and a swap price of 33.5 CAD. But again its too early to get our hopes up. 
 Rick  I would like to request an extension of the 45 million limit until Friday. We like gas and we would like to maximize this move. 
 Thanks for the increased VAR.  We got it right this time. 
 David  When you get back, hopefully in one peice.  Can you take care of my moving expenses and the gross up issue. 
 Please give me a call this week I need some info. 
 I can't seem to print this.  Can you try. 
 Hey Greg.  If you ever are in Houston again give me a call.  I want to talk to you about the order stuff in the second version of EOL. 
 Make sure this is on my schedule. 
 I haven't seen an e-mail. 
 Kevin  Is this the guy you are interviewing. 
 Can set up a conference call with me and Remi Cologne in Brazil this week. Also, what happen to Manu. 
 I think Shankman wants me to go to this.  If this is true please put it on my schedule. 
 Fine. 
 EES is trading them up.  Give me a call. 
 Thanks for the update and keep up the good work. 
 Please put the new hire thing at the doubletree on Monday on my schedule. 
 Andre,  I gave John the Round 5 information and told him the time restraints.  Please let me know if you need anything further.  Kim 
 Sorry  -  A hurricane off Africa - I think you will have a good tail wind when you are leaving.  Lavo 
 Brian  Sorry I didn't get back quickly.  You need to tell me what the premium translates into from a dayrate perspective.  In addition, I thought you were going to write an outline of what they would try to do in the next little while. (ie how much one way exposure)  This way I don't have to get involved in every deal until they prove to me that is big enough to allocate a risk manager to the market. 
 So do we have emmisions. 
 Thomas,  Please do not email this to John.  I believe that I have been receiving a copy of this from Gabriel in the morning with the other gas information.  In the event that this is an update or different information, always direct it to my email address.  Thank you for all and call me if you have any questions.  Kim Hillis x30681    Enron Energy Services 
 Now that we sent the first blow, lets get everyone together to discuss our future steps.  Next week is a nighmare but perhaps you could set  up a conference call sometime Tuesday or Wednesday afternoon.  Also, did Blakes definately drop us on this file or have they reconsidered. 
 No storms in sight. 
 Looks good. 
 This looks good.  Don't worry I will definately call if I want something. 
 Natural Gas Risk Management requests and increase to 45 Million from 40 Million  to increase our gas fixed price position (long) until Tuesday morning (August 8th).  Thanks  John 
 Let's leave it for now.  John 
 You can call Sherrif. If you need my help let me know. 
 Thanks Dave  Hope everything is well in London.  Lavo 
 Rachael,  Could you also send me yours and Drew's information?  Thanks  Kim   Rachael Adams @ ECT                07/31/2000 04:00 AM 
 Telephone:  713-853-7991 Fax:  713-646-3227 Work Addy: 1400 Smith Street, EB3322 Email:  lavorato@enron.com Assistant: Kim Hillis - 713-853-0681/EB3324  If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me.  Thanks  Kim Hillis   Rachael Adams @ ECT                07/31/2000 04:00 AM 
 minn +3 1/2 jack -16 1/2 tenn-cinnci under35 gb-det under 39 1/2 tb +2 1/2 new england +2 1/2 pitt +3 1/2 phil-clev under 33 1/2 seattle +10 jets +9 1/2 and over 40 1/2 tease  as discussed. 
 I am not on side with a contract for Per.  Please give me a call. 
 John  I asked about loss limits a couple months ago and Ted said that they no longer report these numbers to the board. However, I think we should get rid of the whole concept.  VAR is the relevant concept.  Please advise. 
 Ed  This stuff looks good.  Why don't you combine all your stuff, maybe include the org chart also and see if we can get a 3 or 4 page report.  Send it to me and I'll run if by Dave. 
 Please see the attached Alberta PPA presenation.  Please make review and if you have any modifications, please get with John as soon as possible.  Kim Hillis x30681 
 What type of industrial.  ie Chemical, Fertilizer etc. 
 Greg here is our info:  John,Dina and Michael Lavorato 6437 Mercer 77005 Phone Home 713-661-6096 Work 713-853-7991 
 print this in color. 
 Dave  What is the status:  Have they seen them.  If they haven't I would to talk to you about it. 
 I've been assured about funding before.  I would like to know what Canadian vehicle they are going to use. 
 Mario 
 You didn't attach anything. 
 I was right on the legal question Jeff asked.  Julia was wrong.  She is dropping a note to Skilling. 
 I think we should play on Wabamun - assume we are. 
 Tony  Wow I don't think so.   I thought I would rewrite yours and correct some of the factual errors.  If you disagree please write me back.  I moved from our Houston office in 1994 to Calgary and in 1999 was named President of the Canadian operation.  We went from a small gas marketing shop to the dominant natural gas trader and originator in Canada.  It was absolutely awesome.  I had the time of my life.  We built the business with very little supervision from Houston into a major contributor to Enron Corp's bottom line.  These days, as many people know, we are using the same trading and risk management skills that we learned in the energy business to create liquid tradable markets in bandwidth, pulp and paper, coal, and many others. So our newer people still have the chance to do what I did in Canada and help build revolutionary new businesses.  What a lot of people don't realize is how dominant our trading and risk management presence is in Natural Gas and Power.  The opportunities our outstanding and the challenges will test the best minds out there.  These businesses are interesting and very complicated with a million different variables to figure out ranging from the weather to the levels of gas storage in Montana to how to move power from New York to South Caralina.  You can't put gas and power on a truck or store them in a warehouse like other commodities.  Its not like trading bonds, where you sit around and try to figure out what the Fed is going to do.  It has much more complexity, and if you like trying to solve complex problems and your good at it.....get down here! .... we need you!  John's callout quote  Enron's not a place where you can hide.  If you can't get it done you won't fit in.  But if you can, and you work hard, you'll get noticed, you'll excell, you'll get paid, and we're going to love you. 
 Dave  Give me a call on the weekend if you get a chance.  I talked to Shankman and he talks about more groups going to Global than I thought.  Like to discuss.  Lavo  Home 713-61-6096 Cell 713-417-3074 
 Please order John an ISDN line with the understanding that he would still like to receive DSL.  Kim   Circuit Provisioning                07/21/2000 07:57 AM 
 Jeff  Please confirm that the assistants are going to the Houstonian to learn how to read the screens. 
 Where did you ever get the idea for this? 
 I thought I would try to summarize our meeting this week and document a list of agreed apon tasks.  1.  The Unify system is on the brink of disaster and everyone agrees that we have huge business risk if it blows up.  -->  Sally and Beth are going to document the steps we are taking to maintain the system and minimize the chances of a failure. (everyone understands that this is a difficult task but it sounds like it should be a high priority)  2.  The database to run the gas books takes way too long and is leading to long hours on the part of our back office staff.  -->  Beth is moving from Sun-O-S to Sun-Sularis which should allow us to address the problem.  We have 4 contractors working on this and we are expecting it to take 6 weeks.  Once this project is complete we can add hardware and reduce the time problems.  3.   The traders need better real time management tools that ultimately combine their physical and financial trades together and identify their real time risk. TDS was a system that was built to help this however it does not meet all the traders needs.  This ultimately needs to be a system that is commissioned by the               traders to meet their needs.  -->  Phillip Allen is going to prepare a list of trader needs in consultation with all the gas desks heads.   After this Beth should try to come up with a plan to get a system that meets all the traders needs.  4.  The power system is unstable and fails on a regular basis.  This is leading to long hours on the part of our back office staff.  Beth has made progress in this area and we are going to monitor the improvements over the next 4 to 6 weeks to see if the improvements prove to be working.  5.  Steve Natt  is going to put a plan together that meets with Kevin Presto's approval that addresses our needs with respect to all-requirements deals and volume management deals in the east.  6.  There will be no more business trips to London (somewhat kidding).  7.  Portland has issues with speed do to the fact that we still run their books through an interface with Houston.  -->  John Lavorato will talk to Tim Beldon and Beth to determine whether its worthwile to put servers in Portland.  -->  Since Tim was not in the meeting, John will make sure we are covering all his needs. 
 No hurry.  You guys just peeked my interest last time and I would like to continue discussions.  John 
 When we have made some inroads into SO2 analysis please set up another meeting with me. 
 It sounds like I need to clafify my plans for trading and risk management of power in Ontario.  1.  Garrett is in Toronto and should be doing everything possible to try to understand all the ins and outs of the Ontario Power Market including building forward curves.  He has dual reporting to Paul Devries (head of the Enron's Toronto operation) and Dana Davies (head of ENA power trading for the Northeast U.S.).  Dana has ultimate risk management responsibility for Ontario.  2.  My current opinion is that we should trade Ontario out of the Toronto office with risk management responsibilities rolling into Dana.  This could always change in the future if it doesn't make sense.  3.  John Mckay, although he has been helping Bill out, will ultimately have no power trading responsibilities.  4.  Tom May is the cash trader in N.Y. reporting to Dana.  I expect us to use Tom's expertise with respect to Ontario to build up our competency there, however, Toms' main role will be N.Y.  5.  Garrett should spend some time (probably soon) in Houston getting to know the people and the technical resources available to him.  If anyone has any questions concerns please give me a call.  John 
 Fifty dollars. 
 Ed  Set up a meeting with me and you to discuss this report. 
 Sorry Jim but I left you a voicemail saying that there was no material loss in trading. 
 Let's get this done quickly.  You should tell everyone what they need to do to accomplish this.  John. 
 Put this in my binder and tell him to start sending it to you. 
 Dave,  We had a meeting today with Mark Frevert, Rick Buy, Greg Whalley, Ted Murphy, Bill Bradford, Mark Haedicke, Julia Murray, Tim Belden, Elliot Mainzer, Derek Davies, Rob Milnthorp, and Peter Keohane regarding Alberta PPA.  Attached please find a copy of the presentation that was given at the meeting.  Call me so that we can discuss.     John 713-853-7991 
 I don't know why this is coming up now and why we don't address this at year end in conjunction with the PRC process. 
 Figure out how to print this file on one or two pages that is readable. 
 Ed  How are you doing on these reports. 
 Jeff  Why don't you take a stab at the disaster plan.  John 
 Rick  Can you include me on your distribution list re. Nepool and the ICAP product.  Thanks 
 OK 
 Jana,  Gas is Jeff Shankman and Kevin Presto is Power.  Get it contact with Jeff or Kevin to find out their information.  Call me or Ted Bland if you have any questions.  k     Enron North America Corp. 
 Dave  Can you get one of your people to handle this.  Lavo 
 I would love to see more detail. 
 Change the rating.  John Lavorato 
 I would like to request an additional 15 million var for gas.  Prices have exploded and I'm working on it. 
 I guess we were wrong.  We were totally surprised by the a.g.a. number.  We need to work on are ability to predict it.  Therefore, we probably net sold contracts today and will be under our 40 Million limit.   I don't think there is any reason to change what we did today.  We will keep it in our pocket for 10 days unless you disagree.  John 
 Oxley and I will come up with a first stab at the option grants.  John 
 Put all these dates on my calander. 
 This is the most bizarre resume I've seen in a long time. 
 I would like to request a temporary increase of the Natural Gas var limit for the next 10 business days.  I suggest Natural Gas Trading's limit increase to 45 Million limit from the current 40 Million limit.  The floor is very bullish and we don't want to take off our West Basis positions which are eating up a lot of var.  Please advise. 
 Dave  It looks like we hit a home run. 
 Call me Lavo. 
 This is to confirm a meeting for tomorrow, Tuesday, July 11 at 2:00 pm. Please reference the meeting as Systems Meeting and also note that there will be a follow up meeting.   The meeting will be held in EB3321.  Call Kim Hillis at x30681 if you have any questions.  k 
 I have asked the crude group to give a presentation on fuel oil supply and demand which will take place Wednesday July 12 at 2:15 in the big boardroom on the 30th floor. I would encourage everyone to come and bring any traders that you think would benefit from it. 
 Tammy  Come and see me first thing.  The gas section is way long and complicated. 
 Dave  Following up on our summit.  I wrote down that you would follow up on the synergies or lack there of between the research group and the group run by Scott Tholen.   I would be happy to coordinate this myself.  Please write back and let me know if this is okay. 
 Ed  As well as Dave's suggestions, I would like to see value per transaction which I'm told you keep track of. 
 Brad  Can you get me a copy of the final PRC results for all employees in ENA. 
 Let me know if she doesn't solve your problems. 
 Beth  Please respond with a plan to solve these problems.  Thanks John 
 Kathryn  Although we are a qualified bidder, we still have not made the decision to bid.  I would try to avoid discussing but if you need to give me a call. 
 Joe  A couple of questions.  1.  Where did the Gas Trading P/L derive from this month.  2.  How are you coming on the position reports we discussed.  Talk to you soon.  John Lavorato 
 Your getting way to complicated.   This product may not trade much and until it does we can do most things manually. 
 Chris  I know I have to sign this stuff. I don't think I need the e-mails. 
 Please do not send me these charts. 
 ssss 
 Looks good to me. 
 Dave  It sounds like the urgency on the Wind Power decision wasn't a reality. Kevin says that they are working on it.  If you need me to do anything let me know.  Lavo 
 Dennis  Thanks for your memo outlining your positions and strategies.  It was very helpful for me to understand your thought process which seems very sound.  I hope to spend more time with you guys in the future.  I am also working on the human resource issues you mentioned.  John Lavorato. 
 How is our internal trading of PJM demand going. 
 Rob  Just to clear on our conversation.  I'm fine with the Sunoco transaction. 
 Rick  I wasn't double counting.  My 5 Million was the Cross commodity group.  I'm fine with your comments re. Sherriff. 
 We're back baby. 
 This memo follows up on our discussion this morning.  With respect to the 15 million of increased VAR that the Board allocated to Rick Buy and Jeff Skilling I propose the following:  1.  5 Million be allocated to EES and therefore remove EES's positions from the Wholesale gas and power groups (This has already been done).  2.  Move the control and decision making of 5 Million of VAR each to the trading heads of North America (Lavorato) and Europe (Sherriff).  3.  With respect to North America I intend to create a group called the "Cross Commodity Trading Group" which will warehouse the 5 Million of VAR and use it as it sees fit (I will run this group and currently be the only employee).  This will start out as an administrative structure to use if we need to throw more VAR at certain positions (I see the individual trading groups staying within their VAR limits).  However, I do see the need for a true cross commodity group that would search for low risk / high probability trades accross the commodities that we trade.  This structure may help to start us down this path.  Please let me know what you think.  John 
 Please excuse Kim Hillis and Kay Chapman from SAP timekeeping class and provide them with the necessary tools to learn this at their desks.  I understand that with this dismissal that they will be required to learn it on their own.  Kim Hillis is currently registered for the class on Thursday, June 29 and Kay Chapman had Beverly Stephens attend on her behalf.  Please provide them with a contact name in the event that they have any questions. 
 Kori,  John is out of the office today.  I will convey your message to him when he phones.  If there are any changes, I will alert you.  Have a great day and wonderful weekend.  Kim 
 I have no interest in these two employees. 
 that was for chiefs and newengland.  just to be clear. 
 I think we should restrict Peter's memo's to 50 words or less.  Please advise.  Lavo. 
 Lavorato Self Evaluation/Accomplishments  I'm just simply better than everyone else. 
 Kim  No more salary changes without my approval. 
 Ron  Thanks for your help with my house purchase.  Please forwad an bill to me at Enron (location eb3324). 
 The Emmisions book under Kevin McGowan will take a one time $4 Million hit today.  This is to move the curves to better reflect the current market. This hit will stay in the Coal group but will be removed from its P/L from a performance measurement standpoint.  Now that the curves are corrected I expect a focus on building our emmisions trading business in the following ways:  1.  Understanding the fundamentals. 2.  Taking advantage of structural shifts that we forecast. 3.  Building more liquidity and being the primary market maker. 4.  Developing new traders.  Thanks  John 
 All of a sudden Mark Frevert asks me everyday about when we'll know about hedging re PPA's and if we can delay the auction 2 weeks.  The dream is still alive.  Let's see my boys come through.  Lavo 
 Jane,  I have printed off these forms, had John sign the employee one and have passed this information on to Dave Delainey.  After receiving the information, please let me know if you have any questions or require any additional information.  Thanks  Kim Hillis x30681 
 Jeff  Can you set up a meetin with you and your desk heads and me for 1 hour this week to talk about EOL and product offerings. 
 current 6300  over 39 1/2 400 
 Give me a call. 
 Dave  I wouldn't mind waiting a few weeks to go to Portland.  PRC is going to eat up a lot of time in the next few weeks and it would be nice if Mike Swerzman was in town when we went.  However, whatever you want "I will follow"(U2).  Lavo 
 Jane  Sorry I was very busy last week.  The ammendment is no rush.  I will call you when I get a chance.  John 
 TIM  Now that we have so much time on our hands.......Please send me a list of products, terms and bid/offer spreads that we can negotiate for EOL. 
 Laurie  As Discussed. 
 Dave  The PPA schedule was pushed back two weeks.  I would like to keep our meeting with Skilling because I heard he was going to Africa for 3 weeks.  Lavo 
 I have contacted HR and the changes were made on Friday.  Please make sure that the system reflects John Lavorato's Houston number and that his Canada number is not dialed.  Call me if you have questions at 713-853-0681.  Kim Hillis    Tycie Magee  06/09/2000 04:03 PM 
 Some of you had trouble opening the Mgmt Summary previously sent.  You should be able to open this one.  There were no changes to the numbers. 
 Sure 
 Dave  I was told that I was changed over on June 1st.  Please make sure it is June 15th or I have tax problems.  Lavo 
 Shiela,  Just following up to my call to you, if you could please provide any documentation to John in an envelope prior to the Monday meeting, I would appreciate it.  Also, could you please add me to your distribution list?  Thank you for all your efforts.  Kim Hillis x30681 
 As discussed.  Gary give me a call before you call Gavin. 
 Call me 
 Thank you Sue!  I will remove it from John's calendar.  Let me know if you make a change.  Kim x30681    Enron North America Corp. 
 Mark  I know I promised you a weekly trading update.  I got a little distracted this week.  I will get it done.  John 
 If Beth is our Systems person why is she in London.  Lavo 
 I hear you.  However, this big a difference doesn't make sense to me.  Are the scalers and the vol marked correctly. 
 green bay and chic under 39 
 John,  For confirmation, I have this meeting scheduled at 4:30 on June 2, 2000. Please let me know if you have something different.  Thanks  Kim Hillis x30681 
 Mark  I like the route of Thor runnig Europe out of Oslo.  Why don't you make that happen and pass on the guy from Aquila for now.  Give me a call if you agree.  Lavo 
 Call me when you get back. 
 I need you guys to confirm that you are available June 3rd (Saturday) for the ENA super saturday.  P.S.  you need to say yes. 
 You might want to file this.  Lavo 
 Approved 
 Ed  Let me know when you will be ready to have a meeting with Dave and I to discuss your model and specific needs for expanding the middle market group. 
 Thanks for the update and good job in handling this. 
 Giants +6 Carolina +7 1/2 Cinci -4 Denver +1 1/2 Tease Pitt +9 under 48 1/2 Seattle Pickm Phil +3 SF -2 1/2 Indi-jets over 44 Jack -14 1/2  All 250  I have the balance at work. 
 Dave   The weather group should show this P/L today 
 David  I enjoyed meeting you last week.  Unfortunately I have decided to take another route. 
 Rob  I enjoyed meeting you last week.  Unfortunately I have decided to take another route.  Thanks 
 Donald,  Could you please include my name on the distribution of this report?  Thanks  Kimberly Hillis 713-853-0681 
 Sure thing!  I will give it to her in the morning.  k     Susan Skarness @ ECT 05/22/2000 06:31 PM 
 Susan,  I have $50 for you from John.  Would you like for me to have it delivered to you or would you like to come by and pick it up?  If you would like it delivered, please let me know what your new EB location is.  Thanks  Kim Hillis x30681     Susan Skarness @ ECT 05/16/2000 08:06 AM 
 APPROVED 
 Please call Mike Moscoso and get the report on the Executive reports website.  I do not want to get an e-mail everyday.  Thanks 
 Hector,  Thank you for the installation, however, do you know who I should contact in regards to the monitors?  Thanks  Kim Hillis x30681 
 http://ersys.corp.enron.com/dpr/index.asp  http://gasfundy.dev.corp.enron.com/gas/framework/default.asp 
 test 
 Can you please get a copy to my assistant Kim Hillis to put into my binder. 
 Kevin  I agree.  If we ultimately trade out of Toronto, the P/L responsibility will probably role into you.  It looks like we were trying to close Garret Tripp (Associate) to move to Toronto and start looking at this stuff.  If he is going, you should meet with him before he goes. 
 approved 
 Mark  Can you have one of your lawyers get me a copy of the Merryl Lynch deal we deal at the end of last year.  A short summary to supplement the contract would be great.  Thanks  John 
 Tim  Please add bookrunners names beside the books on your P/L. 
 The genco was rolled into the East Trading.  Can we get rid of the Genco on the DPR. 
 Call me on Beau.  A couple thoughts.  If they are so screwed why can't we get a couple million in fees.  Also, remember that the Canadian commericial group wears the debt not the credit group. 
 Kim  Did you ever get hold of my accountant? 
 Milly .  If you're going to sell the warrants yourself. (It sounds like you should if your getting $2 in time value) let me know and I'll call off the equity group. 
 I assume your working on this.  You owe me on the web page.  1.  Pricing - Lon's sheet.  2. Power Sheets  3. Peggy's volume and number of trades sheet. 
 Jon  Ignore expenses.  We just split the whole office in half to split the trading and marketing.  You are also not authorized to see some of those expenses. So please ignore them. 
 aPPROVED 
 Ignore Shankman - I think that was a bit of joke. 
 I think the list is OK.  Can you fedex me one of the deal entry books. 
 GOOD 
 Dave  I just realized that you do have "financial desk excluding futures" on report.  Get rid of the other "financial desk" and when you aggregate it exclude the futures trades.  Thanks 
 I just sent an email to Chris telling him to stop sending me this email.  I guess he needs to send it. 
 Chris,  I'll figure this out,  Please stop sending me this email. 
 Yes Thursday may 18th. 
 Angela.  How is Thursday the 16th of May.  Call me John. 713-853-7991 
 Mark  Send me an e-mail decribing how the quote process went.  If you need my help let me know. 
 Tim  Can you get someone (perhaps a marketer) to give me a one pager on the WAPA deal. 
 1.  I didn't know much about ag products but Ted Murphy is trying to include me in the loop.  2. Chris Calger says that he has aggregated his CPI positions for the west. Can check if Dave Duran has done this for the east and try to aggregate the position.  If you need help let me know.  John 
 Howard  Can you remove me from this distribution list - my life is a little complicated. 
 Shank  It seems that Bradford still feels that we are commercially objecting to some credit mitigation.  Can you talk to him,  Thanks Lavo  P.S.  Great job of minimizing the p/l hit late last week. 
 Kevin  Has Dave called you on this or do I need to do something. 
 The reason I called you today is to tell you that I noticed your EOL performance.  Not bad for a cunuck. 
 Is there anything in my current role that I won't have to champion. 
 Emmisions Trading will go from Kevin Presto  (Greg Wolfe) to George McClellan under the following  conditions.  1 -  Volumes will not fall.  In fact they will increase.  2 - Wolfe will retain 1 Million of the 3 Million VAR for six months and then East Power will have no Emmisions Positions,  3 -  Janel Guerrero (middle marketer) will follow the book to coal.  4 - East Power and Coal will get together and (hopefully) agree on a transfer pricing mechanism for existing positions if there are any that Greg is not keeping.  Give me a call if there are any issues. 
 Dave  I'm thinking of hiring Kim Hillis.  I would like your opinion.  Lavo  713-853-7991 
 Kevin  I assume you know that you need a presentation for next week's offsite.  Can I see a copy ahead of time.  Thanks  John Lavorato 
 Tim  I assume you know that you have to make a presentation at the offsite.  Can you send me a copy by Monday.  If not let me know.  Thanks John 
 Jane  I finished my reseme and most of the form you gave me.  The only thing I'm currently missing is the copy of the passports for my wife and child. Give me a call on Monday. 
 Wednesday at Rainbow lodge.  Can you book it and let me know. 
 Dave  Should we invite Presto and Beldon to this meeting.  I think so. 
 I'm a bachelor next week and would love to go to dinner.  Anywhere you want. John 
 Bruce  I had quite a crazy week.  Give me a call the next time you are in town or if you are still in town.  I would love to get together.  John 
 I don't know him that well, however, I don't think he is a superstar.  Rob Milnthorp in Calgary might have a better read. 
 Bill.  I've taken a look at your resume and pulled your internal reviews.  We have decided to go another route.  Sorry.  I'll be in Houston for the next three weeks if you want to talk to me.  John. 
 Dan  I'm leaving for a couple of weeks.  I'll get you my computer when I come back.  John 
 Rob, that's good information, keep digging. 
 Milly it looks like your head of parking and you may need to lease our office space too. 
 Have we rented our office space yet. 
 Also Tuesday, Kyle and Eric 1/2 hour. 
 Action Items.  It looks like my calender is not Mountain time again. Please fix.  Set up meeting on Monday.  15 Minutes - Grant Oh  30 Minutes - Andre  30 Minutes - Bill 
 Use Paul Devries in the Toronto office. 
 No 
 Mark  Still waiting for my car keys.  In the package you can include the $11.25 you owe us for interesting movie you bought on the 3rd suite in the Lavorato household.  Lavo 
 let's talk in person 
 So your overrulling me again. 
 John  If you get a chance give me a call I would like to talk about this product. 
 I've never heard of them. Sorry. 
 Why are you congradulating me, I work for Delainey. 
 Peter, I never said I would incur any costs. 
 Louise.  I would love to come but I'm on holiday.  I do have some thoughts and would love to share them with you. 
 Angela.  Please move the reviews that I did to a directory that cannot be accessed by anyone but you. 
 Set up a quick 15 minute meeting with Lon and Laura Scott with respect to the income statement.  On Tuesday. 
 Can you type up thank you letters for me.   Dear xxxx  I would like to thank you for your generous donation to The Order of Good Cheer fundraising effort.  Our organization raised over $200,000 for the Enviros Program.  The money was much needed and will allow this wonderful program to continue to improve the lives of young Calgarians who have experienced hardship.  Yours Truly      John Lavorato. 
 Julie  I'm looking into this. 
 Thanks Tim 
 This is Ok as per John Lavorato.  Please proceed with giving access to Chris Lambie. 
 i'm in 
 Your killing me.  Lavo.  I'm going to start calling you Delainey. 
 Eric  Can you re submit me the utilities in Alberta including gas. 
 I need to do my reviews before I go to Hawaii.  Please write out instructions on how I can do them on the computer. 
 Joe  Thanks for taking the time to meet with the Canadian ministers.  If you would like me to be present when they come to Houston please let me know.  John Lavorato 
 Chris  Is it true that we get the info first from the AGA, 
 Julie please call me. 
 Put a rush on the Fletcher Challenge 7 year deal.  We just signed a master with them.  In addition, I originally put last day in the book and it should be last 3 days. 
 Chris  I just get Greg's reports on the intranet page. You don't have to e-mail me. 
 jill  Lon puts a bunch of reports together for me, you don't have to e-mail me.  Thanks 
 Laura  I just want to make sure we are paying ngx a twentieth not a tenth. 
 John, I think they have to do something to improve the customize pages.  At a minimum, they need to build something so you don't have to re add day gas everyday. 
 I have a meeting at 1:15, I assume in my office, with some Houston folks. The topic a potential purchase of Westcoast.  I would like both of you to attend. 
 I have a 1:10 meeting so I can't attend your marketing meeting.  I thought it might be a good idea to grab Lambie at noon and get him to attend your whole meeting.  He might have some insights into Alliance among other things.  Lavo 
 Dan, we need to talk about cancelling some of our Telerate feeds.  John 
 My vote is to kill it. 
 We need the hourly data.  If they do not release it OPG has a significant advantage in a deregulating market.  Please push the issue.  John 
 Angela, make sure I buy Chris's gift on Monday.  Set up a Meeting, Milly, Kyle, Derek and Eric with Hemstock re. regulatory. 
 Jeff, I don't know any of the Houston guys and I don't think the Calgary guys are important enough.  Lavo 
 THIS IS NO JOKE PLEASE SENDTHIS TO ALL OF CALGARY.  THANKS ANGELA   TODAY IS NATIONAL FUN DAY AT WORK (so get to work!)  THANKS FOR ALL YOUR HARD WORK!   JOHN LAVORATO 
 Jim  This information on Ontario nukes is similar to our information. The only difference is that our regulatory lawyer feels that only one of the four Pickering units (500 mw each) would come back in 2001 (although optimistic) followed by one each year after that.  Your report says that all Pickering units would come back in 2001.  Even in your report, however, they seem doubtful that this is realistic.  The Bruce Units (3000 mw) appear to be dead for a long time if not for good.  Regards,  John  P.S.  I'll call you soon on are project, currently on hold until 2001 if we decide to build in Ontario. 
 Angela  Please reschedule my lunch with Dan Fornier at Blakes for next week. 
 No  I think Forster has me covered.  Lavo 
 Reminder, John will be flying to the  Portland Office. and Milly in in Toronto    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Canada Corp. 
 John, I thought I would send you a note to outline our conversation re. David Redmond.  Dave will return to the London office in late May.  In late February we will pinpoint the group/job that will best suit Dave and Enron. All  efforts will be made to get Dave an option trading related position.  Regards   John Lavorato 
 You can set it up.  I'm am overrulling Greg in the future.  John McKay can set up products. 
 Ione can you please cc. me when Lavo or Milly have meetings to attend  like these as Lavo reads his e-mails about once a week twice if he's feeling fresky.  Thanks  Angela 
 Rob, Paul is scheduled to come to Calgary early next week.  He should have a good idea of how Enerconnect went then.  I'm assuming your in, if you are not please call Paul and reschedule.  I'm in Houston for the rest of the week. 
 Rob  How good is that credit report from Bradford.  Can I use it or do we need Lon to update something monthly.  John 
 John, I thought I would send you a note to outline our conversation re. David Redmond.  Dave will return to the London office in late May.  In late February we will pinpoint the group/job that will best suit Dave and Enron. All efforts will be made to get Dave an option trading related position.  Regards,   John Lavorato 
 Dawn, call me on Lambie and Brodeur. 
 David  I'm going to extend and offer to someone who currently works at Koch.  I will extend the offer at the Director level but this person could easily pass as a Vice President.  I think I need to add some stock or options to the offer. Can you please advise me on how I can accomplish this.  Thanks  John Lavorato 
 Cliff I want to add a seat between Chad and the window.  Can you check it out.  John. 
 Rich  Some of the traders interviewed Key on Friday and unfortunately he didn't perform very well.  I think we are going to have to pass on him.  Thanks for the cooperation. 
 As you know we were trying to do some funding deals prior to the end of the year.  We executed a total of $65 Million CAD with 4 different companies (TD, CIBC, Bank Paribas, and BMO).  Everyone who I cc'd this note to did a great job of helping us execute.  Regards  John Lavorato 
 Hello again everyone.  One last structure pre-christmas.  I'm am working on an option structure with TD bank that would see 20,000,000 CAD go out the door on Wednesday December 22nd or Thursday December 23rd.  There will be no special documentation necessary, only standard option confirmations.  The money will return equally over the 12 months of 2000.  TD is charging us a fee of 50K CAD for the idea but since it is different than the deals we have already done I'm OK with it.  What I need is the following.  1 -  If there are any questions or concerns please call me early Monday morning.  2 - Jordon - Please call me and give me your OK.  3.  Juanita - Let me know if you can handle the payment in time.  4.  Joe - How's are Line of Credit coming - we're running out of time.  Thanks  John Lavorato 
 Angela - tasks  1.  Ask Iris how fast she can get more clocks, I would like to send some to my brokers.  Also get me a list of who our marketers are sending gifts to.  2.  Tell Milly I'm requesting 3000 for the Order of Good Cheer and that I will make a 1000 dollar donation personally that I will not as Enron to match.  3. 
 Dave:  I gave a copy of my Canadian bonus levels to Whalley.  Please give me a call when you start getting down the road on levels as I would like to talk about options and equity for some of my people.  Regards,    John Lavorato 
 Please stop sending me this report. John. 
 Cliff, lease the EOTT space. 
 John, we did a deal with Peoples the co-manage some of there assets.  We are actually setting up a Chicago office with them and sending some people to it.  You should call Jean Mrha and find out the structure.  If might help us with a structure with Unical. 
 Kyle there in nothing on this message. 
 Dave give me a call. Some of the data looks odd.  Also It seems that old reports still have Arnolds future contract included.  John 
 If I remeber correctly, you were writing a time-table for the Ontario Peaker deal. 
 I am working with CIBC on another credit mitigation deal.  They are interested but they have said nothing yet on pricing levels.  I am sending them something on Monday that will propose a Enron payment on Friday December 17th of approximately $16 MM CAD.   Again, this payment would come from the U.S. office so if there are any administrative things that need to get done I suggest we get on it quickly.  I assume Juanita needs to deal with funding and Louie needs to secure a letter from CIBC re credit mitigation.  I'm in Houston part of the week but you can track me done through my secretary.  Regards   John Lavorato 
 I wonder with Joe Sutton gone if they can cancel the worldwide Analyst and Associate PRC.  It take a lot of time away from our people and we are ranking them ourselves anyway.  John 
 Dave  I don't think I can follow up with 90 people.  Please advise me if I should be handling this or your group is hadling.  John 
 Kim make sure you brief me about this on Monday,  John 
 Seems like a fair trade  Lavo. 
 Fred  Can you please take care of this.  John 
 Kim  Please let this person know to send you this e-mail not me. 
 Greg  Have a great time with the $100 Million Club  Lavo and Dave 
 Someone internal is coming to look at it this weekend.  I posted it at 15500. 
 no attachment 
 Close  Monthly Basis Swap Daily Basis Swap Daily for Monthly Index Swap Fixed Price Physical Physical Index Fixed Price Swap 
 Ken  I was able to enjoy the basketball game last night in your seats.  My family and I had a wonderful time.  Thanks  John Lavorato 
 mid to late feb and 7 days 
 I'm interested in the Carrabean not just Jamaica but the primary focus is an upscale place that caters to young children. 
 Isn't this our world.  John 
 Yes dear 
 The loss was due to rest of month Transco Zone 6 basis. 
 Derek Davies 
 Beth  Do a very short bullet presentation on the key focus for 2001 systems and leave lots of time for everyone to grill you (I mean ask questions). 
 A meeting is scheduled for tomorrow, Tuesday, November 28, 2000 with regard to the new Trading Track program.  The meeting will be held in 49C1 from 4:00 - 5:00 p.m.  If you have a conflict, please contact Kim Hillis at x30681. 
 15500 
 Please reset my password.  My SAP P# is P00509247. 
 Mike  The number of trades doesn't seem to match between your presentation and the spreadsheet data.  The spreadsheet shows 17 power trades this year and your presentation shows almost that many every month.  Same comment for the gas side. 
 l.a. but I'll kill it.  1 went 6-4 with two pushes.  up 400 makes a balance of 4130. 
 Get me the roll off schedule for cnr over the next couple of years.  Canada used to do this for me. 
 That's cheap 
 Stinson  The model looks great except when I changed an input and hit go it blew up. Maybe I'm doing something wrong.  One thing that I would like changed is that I want to make the swap product and product that settles against the 2nd last day.  So the role should happen on the second last day not the last day. Please change that if you can.  John 
 I have no interest in this person.  John 
 Billy What has this recent rally done to our exposures.  CNR must be huge.  Lavo 
 Thanks 
 Mike  Thanks for the info. 
 Kevin  Give me a call on this one. 
 I think I sold it.  Sorry 
 no 
 250 per  New England +6 Over 37 1/2 NE/DET Minn -7 1/2 Buff +3 1/2 Miami +5 1/2 Phil +6 1/2 Clev +16 Chic +7 Oak +11 Jack +3 1/2 Den -3 KC -2 Giants/Ariz over 38  Current 3730 
 Sounds good. 
 Football bets 200 each  Minn -9.5 Buff +2.5 Phil -7 Indi -4.5 Cinnci +7 Det +6 clev +16 Den +9.5 Dall +7.5 Jack +3.5 
 We lost 1/2 of the money on our west basis positions. We lost the other 1/2 on fixed price length. 
 I have been requesting that the Canadian gas reports be broken down by trader for a while.  I am not comfortable not knowing the P/L or positions by trader in Canada.  Why is this not done yet and how can I help get it done.  John 
 Now I have three places to be on December 1st.  Super Saturday, Portland Christmas Party and Brazil.  I working on the cloning process. 
 Jeff  My management line is hidden on my hard copy report but not on the executive viewer.  Make sure its hidden on the executive viewer. 
 Andy,  I show he is to attend.  Please let me know if there is anyone further that you would like to attend.  k 
 Set up an interview with me. 
 I'll spend 30 minutes myself. 
 Give me a call.  These look fine I just have a few questions. 
 Congrats  John 
 If it was about trading it was "Reminisance of a Stock Operator" 
 Kyle is working on the PPA.  However, Dave and I told Kyle that unless he can get Fastow to sign something that we can walk on the counterparty (in otherwords that it is truly non recourse) we are not interested.  Let me know if we are missing something. 
 just so you know.  I've talked to zufferli, cowan and lambie this week.  I'm working on it. 
 Rick  I would like to make the temperary VAR permanent.  I would give most to gas and some to power.  I feel like its the best place in the company for it.  Please let me know.  John 
 That's why we love you. 
 Vlady  Don't change correlations until we discuss.  Lavo 
 Billy  We need to hedge funds. 
 Mike,  Tonight John and I are going to be migrated to Outlook.  Please note that John has a laptop computer that is at his home.  I have spoken with Randy about this and he is to be following up with you.  I would like for you to accompany Greg out to the Lavorato home to complete the migration on to his computer.  Also, please note that I gave my and John's passwords to a lady that stopped by my desk today (she is with the migration group).  Could you please confirm for me tomorrow that they have been shreaded.  Thanks  k 
 Were not hiring him 
 This week or next week. 
 Rebecca  The South American's did't get me the data in time for you meeting with Skilling.  However, I'm still working on it.  Also, Kiskill and Orlando are coming next week so I'll get deep into the Electro stuff then.  Regards  John  P.S.  How are you making out on our paintings? 
 ok 
 Working you 
 What's a dealerboard. 
 John Lavorato  Amex 371385129301004 Exp 06/03  Dave Delainey Rob Milnthorp Barry Tycholiz   Book us 3 rooms and make sure that we can have 2 beds in one of the rooms.  Thanks  John 
 ocean view 
 Sticking to Motocross eh. 
 I have a meeting tomorrow.  Can you tell me what total power demand in in the East and the West and what Enron's volumes are. 
 On Wednesday we will be having a mini Trading Track interview session.  The quality may not resemble the first session we had but I thought it would be worth it if we can find a couple more folks to put in the program.  We will probably have a much bigger one later in the year after the new analysts and associates join.  I had a couple of observations from last time.  1.  I think we were too hard on external candidates.  There are 5 or 6 external candidates.  Remember that they don't have the Enron grounding that the internal candidates have.  Most of them are not in the Gas or Electricity industry.  Try to evaluate them on their intrinsic qualities.  2.  Some people have not thought about trading concepts and are unfamiliar with trading lingo.  That doesn't mean that they will not be good traders one day. I think we were a little biased based on someones ability to run a stack tommorrow.  Regards  John 
 The two cheap guys -  Tycholiz and Lavorato  Change Milnthorp to Calger. 
 Yes  6437 Mercer St. Houston Tx 77005  P.S.  I hate golf. 
 The original message is encrypted using Lotus Notes Public and Private Key security.  Encrypted messages cannot be migrated to Microsoft Exchange Server. 
 I didn't think that you ever officially reported to me.  Let me know.  I didn't think I needed to do your review. 
 Can you get me his undergrad grades. 
 Sarah I trust you.  Just tell her what we need. 
 Enjoy 
 This person seems confused.  Please advise. 
 Chris,  John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.  Please review the list below of these commercial employees that report up to you, directly or indirectly, and let him know if you see any discrepancies.  Your prompt response would be appreciated.  Thank you,  Kim x30681  Jacob Thomas		VP Frank Vickers		Director David Parquet		VP Michael McDonald	VP Douglas Dyer		Director Jeffrey Shields		Director Terry Donovan		Manager Jeffton Slaughter	Director Mark Fillinger		Director David Kates		Manager James Gilbert		Director David Fuller		Manager Ron Coker		Manager Jonalan Page		Director Laura Wente		Manager Elliot Mainzer		Manager Michael Etringer	Manager James Buerkle		Manager Todd Perry		Manager Saji John		Manager Stephen Thome	Manager Paul Choi		Manager 
 Rob and John  We sorted out NGX today.  Our Data will be ready by the end of June for them to start including it on July 1st.  The 7 day settlement issue is another whole issue. 
 Tim,  John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.  Please review the list below of these commercial employees that report up to you, directly or indirectly, and let him know if you see any discrepancies.  Your prompt response would be appreciated.  Thank you,  Kim x30681  Michael Swerzbin	VP Sean Crandall		VP Mark Fischer		Manager Matthew Motley		Manager Timothy Heizenrader	Director Thomas Alonso		Manager John Forney		Manager Holli Krebs		Director Christopher Foster	Director Jeffrey Richter		Manager Gregory Wolfe		VP Diana Scholtes		Manager Robert Badeer		Manager Kimberly Ward		Manager John Malowney		Manager Stewart Rosman	Director David Ellis		Manager 
 Rob,  John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.  Please review the list below of these commercial employees that report up to you, directly or indirectly, and let him know if you see any discrepancies.  Your prompt response would be appreciated.  Thank you,  Kim x30681  Derek Davies		Director Barry Tycholiz		Director Paul Devries		Director Jeff Borg		Director Eric Le Dain		Director Cyntia Di Stefano	Manager Kyle Kitagawa		VP Duncan Croasdale	Manager William Greenizan	Manager Dean Drodziak		Manager Howard Sangwine	Manager Garrett Tripp		Manager Jan Wilson		Manager 
 Max,  John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.  The current list shows two commercial employees reporting to you.  They are Steven Irvin, Manager and Matthew Duffy, Manager.  Could you please respond to this email and confirm this information.  Your prompt response would be appreciated.  Thank you,  Kim x30681 
 Just keep pushing forward.  We'll figure this out as we go.  Lavo 
 I thought we should have be taxable to the toon of 100 Million.  Give me a call when you get a chance. 
 Do you think Janet wants to apply. 
 Janet  Call me. 
 Kyle is working on the PPA.  However, Dave and I told Kyle that unless he can get Fastow to sign something that we can walk on the counterparty (in otherwords that it is truly non recourse) we are not interested.  Let me know if we are missing something. 
 If it was about trading it was "Reminisance of a Stock Operator" 
 Congrats  John 
 Have we sold any Copel shares yet.  Have you told Hickerson to sell. 
 Give me a call.  These look fine I just have a few questions. 
 I'll spend 30 minutes myself. 
 Set up an interview with me. 
 Andy,  I show he is to attend.  Please let me know if there is anyone further that you would like to attend.  k 
 Jeff  My management line is hidden on my hard copy report but not on the executive viewer.  Make sure its hidden on the executive viewer. 
 I have been requesting that the Canadian gas reports be broken down by trader for a while.  I am not comfortable not knowing the P/L or positions by trader in Canada.  Why is this not done yet and how can I help get it done.  John 
 Football bets 200 each  Minn -9.5 Buff +2.5 Phil -7 Indi -4.5 Cinnci +7 Det +6 clev +16 Den +9.5 Dall +7.5 Jack +3.5 
 Sounds good. 
 250 per  New England +6 Over 37 1/2 NE/DET Minn -7 1/2 Buff +3 1/2 Miami +5 1/2 Phil +6 1/2 Clev +16 Chic +7 Oak +11 Jack +3 1/2 Den -3 KC -2 Giants/Ariz over 38  Current 3730 
 I think I sold it.  Sorry 
 Kevin  Give me a call on this one. 
 Mike  Thanks for the info. 
 Thanks 
 Billy What has this recent rally done to our exposures.  CNR must be huge.  Lavo 
 Stinson  The model looks great except when I changed an input and hit go it blew up.  Maybe I'm doing something wrong.  One thing that I would like changed is that I want to make the swap product and product that settles against the 2nd last day.  So the role should happen on the second last day not the last day.  Please change that if you can.  John 
 That's cheap 
 Get me the roll off schedule for cnr over the next couple of years.  Canada used to do this for me. 
 l.a. but I'll kill it.  1 went 6-4 with two pushes.  up 400 makes a balance of 4130. 
 I understand you owe Jean 1.25 Million this week.  Please make sure it's paid. 
 Mike  The number of trades doesn't seem to match between your presentation and the spreadsheet data.  The spreadsheet shows 17 power trades this year and your presentation shows almost that many every month.  Same comment for the gas side. 
 Please reset my password.  My SAP P# is P00509247. 
 15500 
  A meeting is scheduled for tomorrow, Tuesday, November 28, 2000 with regard to the new Trading Track program.  The meeting will be held in 49C1 from 4:00 - 5:00 p.m.  If you have a conflict, please contact Kim Hillis at x30681. 
 Beth  Do a very short bullet presentation on the key focus for 2001 systems and leave lots of time for everyone to grill you (I mean ask questions). 
 Derek Davies 
 Yes dear 
 Isn't this our world.  John 
 I'm interested in the Carrabean not just Jamaica but the primary focus is an upscale place that caters to young children. 
 Where are we at with the contracts for this month. 
 mid to late feb and 7 days 
 Ken  I was able to enjoy the basketball game last night in your seats.  My family and I had a wonderful time.  Thanks  John Lavorato 
 Close  Monthly Basis Swap Daily Basis Swap Daily for Monthly Index Swap Fixed Price Physical Physical Index Fixed Price Swap 
 no attachment 
 Someone internal is coming to look at it this weekend.  I posted it at 15500. 
 Greg  Have a great time with the $100 Million Club  Lavo and Dave=20 
 Fred  Can you please take care of this.  John 
 Seems like a fair trade  Lavo. 
 Kim make sure you brief me about this on Monday,  John 
 Hello Everyone.  AEP has been very cooperative with us when we have posted numbers in error on EOL.  Please extend them back the favor if an issue comes up on their side.  Also please e-mail me if an issue comes up.  Thanks  John 
 Dave give me a call. Some of the data looks odd.  Also It seems that old reports still have Arnolds future contract included.  John 
 Rich  Some of the traders interviewed Key on Friday and unfortunately he didn't perform very well.  I think we are going to have to pass on him.  Thanks for the cooperation. 
 No  I think Forster has me covered.  Lavo 
 My vote is to kill it. 
 Chris  Is it true that we get the info first from the AGA, 
 Julie  I'm looking into this. 
 Mark  Still waiting for my car keys.  In the package you can include the $11.25 you owe us for interesting movie you bought on the 3rd suite in the Lavorato household.  Lavo 
 Bruce  I had quite a crazy week.  Give me a call the next time you are in town or if you are still in town.  I would love to get together.  John 
 Kevin  Has Dave called you on this or do I need to do something. 
 Dave  I just realized that you do have "financial desk excluding futures" on report.  Get rid of the other "financial desk" and when you aggregate it exclude the futures trades.  Thanks 
 Brett  Have you heard of a deal called Camargo Correa.  Its listed as a high probability deal for q2 with 8.4 Million of Origination. 
 Kim  Did you ever get hold of my accountant? 
 http://ersys.corp.enron.com/dpr/index.asp  http://gasfundy.dev.corp.enron.com/gas/framework/default.asp 
 Giants +6 Carolina +7 1/2 Cinci -4 Denver +1 1/2 Tease Pitt +9 under 48 1/2 Seattle Pickm Phil +3 SF -2 1/2 Indi-jets over 44 Jack -14 1/2  All 250  I have the balance at work. 
 green bay and chic under 39 
 Shiela,  Just following up to my call to you, if you could please provide any docume= ntation to John in an envelope prior to the Monday meeting, I would appreci= ate it.  Also, could you please add me to your distribution list? =20  Thank you for all your efforts.  Kim Hillis x30681 
 current 6300  over 39 1/2 400 
 that was for chiefs and newengland.  just to be clear. 
 ssss 
 Tammy  Come and see me first thing.  The gas section is way long and complicated. 
 I would like to request an additional 15 million var for gas.  Prices have exploded and I'm working on it. 
 Can you guys please have all your curves set by 3:00 Calgary Time.  As well as Kathy, a lot of Houston bookrunners are having late hours due to the lack of discipline in setting Canadian curves.  Thanks  John 
 Let's make sure that Presto, Tycholiz, Whitt, Lucci, Kerigan, and Proffit are either signed or will never sign by the end of this month. 
 I don't know why this is coming up now and why we don't address this at year end in conjunction with the PRC process. 
 Mario 
 minn +3 1/2 jack -16 1/2 tenn-cinnci under35 gb-det under 39 1/2 tb +2 1/2 new england +2 1/2 pitt +3 1/2 phil-clev under 33 1/2 seattle +10 jets +9 1/2 and over 40 1/2 tease  as discussed. 
 Now that we sent the first blow, lets get everyone together to discuss our future steps.  Next week is a nighmare but perhaps you could set  up a conference call sometime Tuesday or Wednesday afternoon.  Also, did Blakes definately drop us on this file or have they reconsidered. 
 Can set up a conference call with me and Remi Cologne in Brazil this week.  Also, what happen to Manu. 
 Can you please print me 20 color copies of these reports just this week.  I want to distribute them to me head traders. 
 vp ranking - call if I missed anyone.  Allen - Superior Arnold - Strong Presto - Excellent Wolfe - Strong Lagrasta - Strong Baughman  - Strong Shively - Superior Sturm - Superior Neal - Excellent Martin- Excellent Schweiger - Excellent Belden - Superior Swerzman- Superior 
 Send me stuff on Wolfe's performance this year and where you would rank him.  I need this for tomorrow. 
 I need trader performance by Var for everyone you have in the company  by 8:00 AM tommorrow morning. 
 I told Miller that you and him should sit down and discuss the PPA. 
 Let's grab another 15 minutes together before you do anymore work,  John  Tuesday may work -  check with Kim Hilis. 
 NGX owes us a lot of money on Deceber 25th.  Please send me an  email when we receive it.  Thanks  John 
 Dave  I think Overdyke is still working on the peaker insurance deal.  He has Per on the road working on it.  We probable should tell him that we don't have anymore unless New Albany is enough. 
 Book this deal very conservatively.  ie.  set the curve so you pay credit reserve but show no income.  We will discuss in 2001.  John 
 That would be outsanding. 
  Charlene  My gut tells me that some of these folks we are hiring don't fit that well with the current strategic direction of Enron (Although I'm sure they are very high quality individuals).  If its not too late, I wonder if we should slightly scale back the number of Associates that we are attempting to hire.  I'm not sure that Dave and I need that many individuals that are focused on International business.  Regards  John 
 Dave  I agree with all your points.  There had to be a first time. I've been blowing Ted off because of the markets last week. Let's get together this week with Ted and discuss the future.  Kim please set up meeting with Ox and Bland and me. 
 Wes  Can you tell me how many Enron entities are members of the AGA (American Gas Association).  The fee is 100K and I think HPL is a member and not us.  But I wonder if some of our other piplelines are members. 
 Vince where did this resume come from and is he still employed by the National Bank in Monteal. 
 Anthony  Thanks for the email, however, that was the last thing that I received.  I think some credit intermediation would be helpful. 
 Can I get that PRC list from you when its on one page. 
 Print all these resumes for me. 
 Kim  Please print all these resumes for me. 
 Can't seem to find this.  John 
 Hickerson always claims that they have var by trader. 
 Sheila  Can take the current spreadsheet attached and add the origination prc resuslts under the proposed cash bonus categy.  The vp commercial page is the only relevant page.  Please send that back when your done. 
 The following points refer to the methodology that we are taking to rebook the New Albany Plant.  Please send me a note immediately if you disagree. Assume that NewAlb is a non mark to market entity and Enron is the mark to market entity.  However, it is fully owned and operated by us for now.   *  The power mark to market book will pay NewAlb a capacity payment of $4.87 for 5 years.  We shaped this payment as follows:  2001 - $5.06 2002 - $4.96 2003 - $4.86 2004 - $4.75 2005 - $4.65  *  This payments allows Enron to supply gas to NewAlb and receive power.  *  Enron will pay NewAlb $1000 per unit start.  *  Enron will also pay NewAlb $2.00/MW hour for varialbe o&m.  *  This will create an entity "NewAlb" that will return 9% assuming a book value of $336/kw on 12/31/2005 vs. 409 currently.  *  If NewAlb pays the 9% out that entity should be relatively flat each year for the next five. 
 The following points refer to the methodology that we are taking to rebook the New Albany Plant.  Please send me a note immediately if you disagree. Assume that NewAlb is a non mark to market entity and Enron is the mark to market entity.  However, it is fully owned and operated by us for now.   *  The power mark to market book will pay NewAlb a capacity payment of $4.87 for 5 years.  We shaped this payment as follows:  2001 - $5.06 2002 - $4.96 2003 - $4.86 2004 - $4.75 2005 - $4.65  *  This payments allows Enron to supply gas to NewAlb and receive power.  *  Enron will pay NewAlb $1000 per unit start.  *  Enron will also pay NewAlb $1.05/MW hour for varialbe o&m.  *  This will create an entity "NewAlb" that will return 9% assuming a book value of $336/kw on 12/31/2005 vs. 409 currently.  *  If NewAlb pays the 9% out that entity should be relatively flat each year for the next five. 
 sounds good tim 
 We lost 1/2 of the money on our west basis positions. We lost the other 1/2 on fixed price length. 
 I have no interest in this person.  John 
 Wes is going to tell me in the morning if he is coming with us to Steel Town.  go mario 
 The loss was due to rest of month Transco Zone 6 basis. 
 Kim  Please let this person know to send you this e-mail not me. 
 No 
 I have no interest in these two employees. 
 Tim  If at all possible I would like us to pass on talking publicly about this topic.  John 
 Yes 
 I take it back, I am familiar and I think you guys did a great job getting this done with them.  This is a great first step in our ultimate goal. 
 For the seven names that were not on the spreadsheet.  Can you fill in all info like the others for them including who they work for and get it back to me promtly.  Thanks  John' 
 Through the course of the year 22 people have been identified by east power as the key to their real time group.  No request will be granted on an emergency basis but will go through the usual process of getting facts and checking with me.  Another thing is that I don't know why we are not doing these things in conjunction with PRC so late in the year. 
 Same a mid year  I'm smarter than everyone else.  Just in Case  *  Managed a Trading group that is up 2 Billion (more if you included hits taken) - probably not due to me. *  Left a lot of money in Canada - some is still there. *  Led the PPA deal - which I will resign and buy personally if you want to turn it back. *  Created the Gas Fundamentals Group which every business unit is copying. * Came up with LTP which everybody hates but will fix our trader shortage in the future and every company is copying. *  Trained many great young kids in Calgary that are now key players in Houston. *  Created structure and communication around our system strategy - brought traders, IT, and back office together to create a plan that everyone has bought into.  The future success is unclear but the exercise was very worthwhile. *  Had very few VAR violations and helped improve our understanding and reporting of VAR.  Completed mended the relationship between gas trading and the risk group. *  Should get most credit for the increase in power trades on EOL and the continuation of the increase in Gas. *  Turned the East Power group into a focused trading group not a think tank that bets on July-Aug power price - Still nowhere near completion. *  Put a halt on the hiring of unqualified people - Have spent many hours devising a plan to bring in qualified - experience people.  You will see this implemented in 2001. *  Experimented with the "Pay PRC"  which I think was very successful.  I think this will start our organization to think a little differently and hopefully in a way that will benefit us. *  Possibly the best accomplishment is "Killing the Dragon".  I'm glad you made me write this list down because for the first time in months I realized that I was smiling while I was writing.  Regards  John 
 Did you blow up my South America Deal Yet. 
 I thought I was very clear that we are not publishing anything internally about California gas prices. 
 The pain will stop soon. 
 I wanted to thank you guys for all your support over the last painful week.  Although I am definately not getting brave, I would like to request an extra 15 Million for gas for the next week.  The price levels are making it hard to eliminate risk.  I can give you my assurance that any increase in VAR day to day will come from price movement, not increase in position.  Let me know  John 
 Your the King. 
 Despite my veto eBiz decided to publish something on California energy prices.  I think Palmer overrulled me.  He said that the article was harmless but I still think it is stupid for us to be writing articles about this.  John 
 You goated me into it,  Here goes  400/per  Minn -8 New Orleans -10 Denver -3 Denver-KC under 48 Jack -10 Clev +16 Chic +6 1/2 Indi-Mia under 42 Balt -15   John I would like to sit with you a couple days this week if you'll let me.  I'm very serious about covering you when your out in January.  I would like to get a sense of what its like dealing with your EOL madness.  Let me know.  Lavo 
 Jeff  Increase the amount we put into prudency for Friday to 130 Million. 
 Kim can you also invite Mike Roberts. 
 Kevin  Can you get our new reports- ie. off peak prices and positions and heat rates put on the executive viewer.  Thanks  Lavo 
 Mark  Can you tell me if this is a legal document.  This is personal so only if you have 2 free minutes.  Thanks John 
 ok 
 giants -7 giants - dallas minus 37  both 400 
 Kim  Can you print these in color. 
 Can we take one of your wonderchildren in fundementals and let them spend 1-2 hours a day on VAR.  If yes, talk to Frank. 
 No interest 
 We can adjust the salary if he get promoted.  Leave it for now. 
 Does EES still get to buy PC's for their employees' spouses.  I guess we are paying for that too. 
 Did you notice emmissions trading made 6 Million this quarter.  Glad we could help. 
 Stinson  Thanks  P.S.  At the end of the term of each simulation do we assume that we close the position on that date and take a hit or do we leave the simulation with an open positon. 
 Kim  Can you print me two copies in color.  John 
 Lets grap 5 minutes on this  John 
 These assumptions are correct for now. 
 Per  Give me a call in January on this.  John  P.S.  Happy Holidays. 
 FYI 
 Try to grab me today on this stuff.  John 
 Sally  We need to talk about the 26th. 
 Rick  Can we keep the current VAR until close of Business December 27th. 
 Please Print. 
 Patience is a virtue.  East Power has hire several traders in a rush.  There down in aggregate 15 Million.  I have a very qualified individual coming in to interview in early January.  I will put you on the schedule.  Merry Christmas  John 
 Dave  I booked a time for 7:30 on Sunday.  I can't play because its mothers day and I would get killed.  Use the time if you want or get Kay to cancel it.  Lavo 
 john   I cant' seem to make my gambling problem go away.  bills +3 250 denver -7 250 jack +3 1/2 250 
 David  What's up with Manu.  Janet keeps sending me e-mails threatening my life if I don't get an option trader. 
 When I meet with Orlando and Joe on Thursday, see if Rebecca McDonald can be present. 
 I booked a flight on Continental to San Francisco.  March 15th  - Thursday - I arrive at 4:47. March 18th - Sunday - I arrive back in Houston at 6:05  I think Tych is already in California.  If we can all get there at similar times we can get in our Cadillac and go. 
 Dave have we moved research, legal etc. to report directly into Greg and Mark.  John 
 Final 3360    Hurry up - already bought the watch. 
 Dave  I feel like I keep tasking you.  I've only got a couple of weeks.  Can you send Orlando and Joe a list of Outsourcing deals that we've done and the key contact person that they can talk to about the structures.  Thanks  John 
 I've only received one response to my inquiries into projects for Coleen.  John 
 Hey  Have you spoke to any of my folks yet?  If so what do you think.  John 
 John  I don't see Maggie's line on the P/L  Lavo 
 Hi  We are getting in several anylysts and associates  (new hires) in the next few months.  We also have interns coming for summer only.  Do you need any.  Can you use interns or does the training out weigh the benefits.  John 
 I would love to play 4 or 5 games.  Just got back into town.  John Lavorato 
 Tim  I still don't see and origination line on the reports.  Give me a call because I really want this to happen.  John 
 We need to talk for like 20 hours.  Let's schedule some time.  Lavo 
 What happened with Arcor.  Lavo 
 Vlady  You were supposed to pair me down at the top not the bottom  Laov 
 So I knew that you were going make some money last week off my positions but wow.  Just Kidding 
 Dave  I think we are going to go back to the original Pebble Plan.  The 8th to the 11th.  Tych and Calger are O.K. with this.  There is a small chance that I will have to cancel or come back Saturday night but what the hell.  Let me know if you can do this and we will all attempt to arrange transportation.  John  P.S.  Sorry for the confusion. 
 Although I haven't heard from Dave I'm trying to change my flights to March 8 - 11. 
 Rob  I'm very pleased about Petro.  Can send me the e-mail with the details.  I will forward it to the really big kids down here for you. 
 Derek  Your in on Pebble if you want.  Lavo. 
 yes 
 The east power traders have agreed to post their two ways on EOL for EES.  Janet, you might want to help speed up the administrative process.  It should be minimal effort. 
 Do we need any help on the Ontario front from Lay or Skilling.  Given the size of the stakes, I could definately justify their time. 
 Your Pan Nat summary was not clear enough to pass on to my supervisors.  Can you simplify it a little more.  Thanks  Lavo 
 Rob  I'm going to get on Ken Lay's schedule in the next couple of days(assuming he'll let me).  I'll ask him his advice about our deregulation strategy in general and talk to him about his visit.  I'm concerned that hoards of people from Houston will show up and that it will be a cluster.  Can you send me an email with some key facts about our deals - p/l impact of opening and the market in genereal.  Also the history of dereg and the dates they have missed and why for my Ken meeting.  Write it in bullet point format and quite summarized. 
 Chris  On the California deal.  Can we possibly get the right to kill the deal 6 months from now if they do not get some credit support.  We may not exercise the option anyway, however, it would be nice to have especially if you could get it for free.  John. 
 There seems some confusion about the "AMPS" project.  This project continues to be an Enron North America project. 
 Where's my index. 
 Here goes  Tych owes Wes 180 Ox owes Wes 40 Ox owes me 40 Dave owes me 70 
 john lavorato 6437 Mercer St. Houston TX 77005  Work 713-853-7991 
 Dave  When is the Gas Daily meeting.  I would like to attend.  I think I could help with the pitch. 
   Hi my name is Joooohhhn Lavorato from Tarona Canada.  How the hell are you guys? Where the hell are you guys?  Call me, I'm still an Enron hack.  713-853-7991 
 if he is the wellhead book 
 I'm in Brazil returning that night.  You can decide if you can reschedule or not.  John sent me the index.  Get him to send it to you. 
 Wes  I'm away Monday and Tuesday in Brazil.  I thought I would give you things that I'm waiting on or that we should meet about next week.  1.  Your group was going to give back the assets/balance sheet stuff in 3 formats.  2.  On South America - Lot's of stuff but we'll talk when I get back.  Most importantly that I get an income statement that looks like North America.  -  They did a trade with me that's up 8 Million for them. This is fine but the negative p/l was not showing up in N.A.  The positive p/l was showing up in South America. (We should make sure this trade does not get cash settled.  The last thing I want is Cash going to S.A. on an internal trade.   3.  Cross Commodity Book. - I have 1.9 Million of losses that were last year that they found in January.  Put this in the TBG line and change the line name to Other .  In the Footnotes we will explain all others.  I'm sure there is a million things to come.  4.  We also need to improve the footnotes section you gave to me.  5.  I've set up a meeting with you,me,Deffner and Louise on this 15% capital charge.  We should come up with another methodology.  That's all I can think of now.  John 
 Has an agreement been reached between South America and North America on the Turbine.  Or is North America waiting for final approval of its power plant 
 What happened to Dona Francisca. 
 Mark  You still own me you expected values for Pan Nat. 
 I've allowed one person to enter Enron America into Jacoby's group from Broadband.  We need to be very selective because Broadband and EES will have people who will be put into redeployment.  I expect Louise or I to approve any employee who enters Enron America.  I will accept no exuses if someone slips in. 
 Wes  With respect to the PPA reserve.  We need to adjust the USD reserved based on the currency.  We decided not to hedge the currency when we took the reserve.  Its hard to make an objective decision on whether this is correct or not.  However, the currency was 1.5 CAD to 1 USD when we did it and now 1.565 CAD to 1 USD so the reserve would be 287.5 USD not 300.  We should just adjust this weekly or monthly.  Lavo 
 Dave  I thought we were hiring 1 person from EBS not two.  William Abler was ranked as a strong director.  I will agree, but I hope the quality is as high as you think.  We are going to get tones of resumes from EES and EBS, if your going to blow all you bullets upfront, make sure your getting great people. 
 Some guy at Duke told Mark Frevert today that on March 15th, Duke won a court ruling saying that they expanded the scope of the PanNat Arbitration.  True? 
 Mark  We get a much different story from our appointed arbitrator for PAN NAT.  Although the main arbitrator did not do exactly what we wanted he had strong words to Duke that they had no support for their position.  We would like to ignore their pleas to settle because they have been making very unreasonable settlement offers. As we understand it arbitration starts July 1.  I'll talk to you more next week.  If you want an update prior call Richard Sanders.  John 
 Can I get an updated contract status report. 
 As you would say.  There is good news and bad news.  The good - we got the dining room chair.  The bad - it was an end/arm chair not a side chair.  Specifically it has two arms but the chair that broke has no arms.  Good Luck  John 
 test 
 Kim  Besides my chair - here is a list of stuff to chase down while I'm away.  Principal investing Miller owes me a hi - lo valuation of his investments and a meeting alone with him.  I thought that was going to be last week.  Set up the meeting for this week.  Set up the Oxley - Louise meeting is Friday moring, I need some time to prepare for it.  Car Phone  House Computer 
 Greg  I'm getting a million e-mails from my people about these committees.  The next time someone puts a bunch of my people on committees, do you think someone could seek my input.  Lavo 
 Has Ken Lay received a breifing binder yet? Can I get a copy soon?  Thanks John 
 Keeping to my reputation, I'll keep this brief.  You guys owe me 275 each for Pebble.  Since I owe Chris 310 for a flight and keeping it as easy as possible for me.  Dirk pays Chris 45 Dirk pays me 230  Thanks 
 Hi John  I think we should kill the concept of cross calibrating analysts and associates accross business units.  I think this is a waste of time.  We can include them in our business unit PRC's for Managers and Directors.  Any comments. 
 Who sais choice markets don't work.  Yours at 11 Million (Papier Massion).  Lavo 
 ok 
 Recession, What Recession.  Barton Creek was full the weekend of the 20th and 21st.  Dorie managed to get me a room.  However, the Golf times were non existant so I figured I would play it by ear and try to book later.  If you and Donna want to join us feel free.  The next weekend the 27th and 28th is the weekend that I may go to Vegas.  I may also stay and play lots of Golf here.  Let me know your thoughts.  Lavo 
 Please let Kim Hillis (my assistant) know about all the EES meetings planned for this week.  I'm going to try to attend. 
 Andy  With respect to North America, Dick Lydecker is liquidating most of the raptor assets.  I think he is doing a great job and showing a great deal of integrity in trying to get the best deal for Enron.  Let me know if you disagree.  John 
 I couldn't meet with Joon due to PG&E on Friday.  His resume looks good and assuming everyone else likes him, we should hire him.  I assume that this is for associate or is it for associate in the trading tract.  Let me know.  Make sure we get a 3 month evergreen non compete.  Lavo 
 Ben I need you to sell the Canadian Turbines.  Call me.  Lavo 
 Ben  They haven't sold them for a year.  I think that we can wait until you get back. 
 Peg  Might be going to Vegas the weekend of the 28th.  I'll let you know.  John 
 Dave  Are you back in town on Monday.  We have a dinner re. the Houston Open.  I'm not sure I can make it because my folks are in town.  Let me know.  Lavo 
 Rob  Update me on NGX, employee contracts and our turbines.  Also, whats are plan on Ontario.  Do certain employees need to be changed.  (ie reg)  Thanks  John 
 Any thoughts on Greg Shea. 
 John Aronld was curious about the outsourcing deals we were pursuing.  Could you please update him on the deals we are getting close on.  John 
 Joe  Greg Whalley wants to know about all our current dealing with Petrobras.  Please e-mail him something today.  Thanks  John 
 I asked everyone for their A/A needs and received very little feedback.  Please respond promptly.   Thanks  John 
 Rick  Rob Milnthorp have been discussing whether we want to look for a new regulatory person in Toronto.  We are leaning towards starting with a new face.  Give me a call to discuss.  John 
 I don't want to talk to you.  Talk to Tim and Kevin. 
 Dave  This is the format I want.  Can you have someone check the data and then print and deliver a color copy to me and Louise today.  And then update it every week over the next month as we try to finish this process. 
 Linda  Is was nice meeting you at the pro-am.  I hope you had as much fun as I did.  Can you pass my phone number and email address to Rob Davis.  John Lavorato Lavorato@enron.com 7138537991  Thanks 
 first i heard about this. 
 Let's just leave the prudency stuff unhedged for now. 
 Can we get more critical mass.  Our Portland guys, ie Wolfe, might have some Montana counterparts. 
 Jeff  I went home today sick.  But I'll try in the future. 
 Your continuing to kill me.  Is that how you spell continuing. 
 Yes 
 It would be helpful to our corporation if you would try to hire some of your staff from places other than Enron North America.  Thanks  John 
 Can the full Day end at 7. 
 oh god is there an agenda.  Would dinner Thursday work instead. 
 No 
 I was in S.A. until this morning.  I need sleep tonight.  We'll get it done. 
 I'm in if I can pick Mario more than once. 
 Leave for Vegas Thursday Afternoon, April 26th.  Come Back Sunday April 29th. 
 My Picks (Lav)  Elias nj Jagr pitt Lemieux pitt Kovalev pitt Yashin ott turgeon st. louis tkachuk st. louis pronger st. louis sakic  col forsberg col yzerman det modano dall   brodeur nj 
 get a job 
 How about Mezaluna? 
 When I win, just send me the difference.  Lav 
  Set me up 
 I wish I could help. 
 i'm not sure 
 Goal :  Fun in 2001 
  Put this in my central desk binder - gas. 
 Joe  First of all - blow me.  Second, my wife is expecting in early November so I might be able to slip away in September.  I would vote for anything that would require one flight from Houston.  I'm sure Rich would agree.  ie.  Timmins would be tough.  I would love to join you all and get mocked for an entire weekend.  Lav  or Lavo as the hacks down here call me. 
 ????????????????? 
 We were thinking of having another interview session for the Trading Tract later this month.   I've been screening outside resumes but internally we haven't received many suggestions from each of you about other people already at Enron.  If you think anyone could qualify send the name to Karen Buckley.  If we don't have enough candidates, we will wait until the new analysts and associates arrive and do a session then.  Lavo 
 Take a two week vacation!!! 
  Ben  What bid would you show me to take the price risk and capital charge on these units.  John 
 Email me a resume and your career goals. 
 Greg do you agree with the notes below.  John 
  fyi 
 Send me a cleaner summary of your curve on 1/17/200.  All I want is a the curve by year - peak/off peak and total. 
 no 
 Aucoin 
 Great!!!! 
 Hello everyone.  In December we decided to kill our planned offsite due to market volatility.  Louise and I would like to get everyone together offsite, probably in late June (once Louise is back from holiday (just kidding)).  I think it's time to go have a little fun with the group driving Enron's success.  I would like suggestions as to:  1)  Where to go.  2)  What should be the focus of the business meetings.  3)  Should we have business meetings or should we do something else (ie. climb a mountain)?  I'm not a strong bid on climbing a mountain.  4)  And any other ideas you have.  In addition I would like to start having staff meetings about once a month.  The first one will be Friday May 11th at 2:30 p.m.  Please add this to your schedule.  I have invited everyone who has P/L responsibility.  Portland, Calgary and Toronto will have to be on Video or Phone conference.  Regards  John 
 kIM PRINT THIS STUFF AND MAKE IT A HIGH PRIORITY FOR ME TODAY,. 
 Congrats  Please put a plan together for me.  John 
 How many groups does Don have? 
  Please get someone to deal with this. 
 What's up Ross.  To your questions:  Yes to Houston Yes to Enron Almost to running the company although I'm thinking about demoting myself (I miss trading). Married, one child, 2 1/2 Michael.  Give me a call if your in Houston and we'll have a few drinks.  John Lavorato President and Chief Executive Officer Enron Americas 713-853-7991 Lavorato@enron.com 
 Come up to my office on 33 and I'll give you the keys to check it out.  John 
 Great!!! 
  Were you a guest speaker? 
 We have been assigned 24 new Associates, 26 new Anaysts, 8 summer Associates and 8 summer Analysts from the incoming class.  Please let me know your needs with respect to numbers.   Louise and I will then decide if we agree and then we will create a process to pick from the ones we have assigned to us.  I'm assuming that Calgary, Toronto and Portland have done their own thing and don't need any of these people (let me know if this is incorrect).  If you received this and you report to someone else on this list (ie. you don't report to the office of the chair) please cooridinate your needs with your supervisor.  Please respond prompty,   John 
 Boy does this sound like something that would get fucked up.  Start with Paul Devries in Toronto and let me know what happens.  I didn't even know it was closing. 
 I was all set to send the press release to my mother and then I saw Louise's name. 
  Dave  I'm not sure Milly can escape this.  John 
  Print and put in my inbox. 
 Chris  Set up a time to go through Pastoria with me. 
 Can we sell them Pastoria or do we have to sell them the power from us. 
 Working you. 
 Dave  I changed it slightly so I could sleep at night.  The top line is just a little joke from me to you.  Let me know.  Lavo 
 If he shows up for work again can you get him to call me. 
  Print and put in my inbox 
 I'm prettry pumped about losing 13 
 WE seem to be missing Matt Motley in Portland 
 Steve looks ok.  Although I always thought I built Canada.  I guess not eh.  Lavo. 
  Greg  Our Copel shares are falling in value.  We have never marked this investment even though it is public.  We currently own ADR's - ELP is the ticker.  We are restricted (i think) in selling until July.  At the current price we would lose 15 to 30 Million. 
 YOUR CALL, JUST DO IT QUICK 
 Is the Geresul contract done. 
 We don't need the currency or mmbtu/gj conversion language if Gas Daily agrees to what we want. 
 From the Gas and Power side, we wouldn't need any traders 