 I want to take this opportunity before the transfer of Houston Pipeline Company assets and employees to American Electric Power to thank each of you for your teamwork and success in our years together.  Some of you were here when I joined your company in 1984, but many of you arrived during the Enron era and might not know the full story of my arrival.  I was president of Transco Energy at the time and was probably in line to be the chairman.  I did not expect to ever join another energy company.  Yet the directors of Houston Natural Gas felt like a new management team was needed for their company to prosper in a rapidly changing industry environment.  The quality of people I saw at HNG convinced me that the company would be a good platform from which to make major changes.  And the results over the last 17 years could not have been better.  Houston Pipeline Company has been a major contributor to developing Enron into what it is today.  Your professionalism, ideas, dedication and commitment toward this company have been instrumental in making our success possible.  For this, you will not only be a critical part of Enron's history, but you will also always deserve Enron's gratitude.  I wish you nothing but the very best in your next endeavors, even as I am sure you will not need my good luck wishes.  As always, your professionalism and dedication will be your best allies when facing new challenges and opportunities.  Sincerely,    <Embedded Picture (Metafile)> 
 Rick:  As I am sure you have read by now, Jeff Skilling has chosen to leave Enron.  Jeff is resigning for personal reasons and his decision is voluntary.  I regret his decision, but I accept and understand it.  I have worked closely with Jeff for more than 15 years, including 11 here at Enron, and have had few, if any, professional relationships that I value more.  I am pleased to say that he has agreed to enter into a consulting arrangement with the company to advise me and the Board of Directors.  I want to assure you that Jeff's departure will in no way affect the relationship that Enron has with Microsoft and more specifically MSN.  I have been briefed on the MSNIA project, by my team,  and they assure me that we are on track to meet your Broadband Internet Access roll-out plans in early October.  I look forward to getting more personally involved with Microsoft to help insure that our ongoing relationship and partnership continues to mature and flourish.  I will contact you in the near future to discuss with you this transition.  In the meantime,  if you have any questions or concerns please do not hesitate to contact my office.  Ken 
 Hasan:  I fully understand and agree with your comments.  Unfortunately, I did not see the "Travel Secruity Update" e-mail before it was sent out.  We will do better.  Ken 
 Hi Michelle -  It looks as though this will work quite easily now as the breakfast Ken originally had scheduled will not take place.  I received word from Sue Landwehr that it will be cancelled as it was Republican Governors and they will not now be here.  We'll coordinate an exact time tomorrow.  Thanks.  Rosie 
 Hi Mrs. Jamail -  Ken and Linda Lay would very much like to attend the dinner on September 12.  Will you please send me the details or phone me at 713-853-6773?  Thanks.  Rosalee Fleming Assistant to Ken Lay 
 Dear Pam:  Thank you for your e-mail of August 15th.  It is always a pleasure to hear from former employees.  Thank you also for calling attention to instances which, on the surface, do not appear to be representative of our expectations of Enron leadership.  Part of our continuous improvement involves an on-going review of our management and the diversity of styles therein.  True, not everyone is agreeable to Enron's culture or the many different management styles at Enron.  We do, however, expect all of our employees - not just management - to adhere to our core values of respect, integrity, communication and excellence.  These values become even more significant as we continue to grow and expand our scope of business, and more critical as we become a more culturally diverse workforce.  We enjoy our status as one of the best places in America to work according to Fortune and other sources thanks in part to our willingness to examine our organization and make needed change.  Our employee surveys, belief in open communication, and exit interview process for employees choosing to leave Enron are examples of our efforts to seek out feedback and scrutinize the way we do business.  Your feedback will help play a role in that process.  Sincerely,  Ken Lay 
 Christie,this may not go to you, but wasn't sure if it should be Misha Siegel.  Will copy Misha also.  This may just not be something we would do anyway.  Rosie 
  As was earlier announced, we will be bringing all Managing Directors together on a quarterly basis.  Please note on your calendars the first Monday of every quarter from 8:30 a.m. to 12:00 noon for this purpose.  The first meeting will take place on Monday, October 1st.  I look forward to seeing you there.  If you have any questions, please call Joannie Williamson at 713-853-1769. 
 As announced earlier, we will be bringing all Managing Directors together, on a quarterly basis.  Please hold open the first Monday of every quarter (from 8:30 a.m. to 12:00 p.m.) for this purpose.  However, our first meeting will be on Tuesday, October 2nd.  I look forward to seeing you there. 
 We did receive this from David. 
 Hi Liz -  I had a very interesting conversation with Rocky.  He is still in business, just finishing up boots for the new President.    Also, I have been called "Precious" and "Baby" this morning.  Somehow, it just seems appropriate from him!!  He is located at RJ's Boot Company and Shoe Shop 3321 Ella Blvd. & 34th Street Houston, Texas  77018  Phone:  713-682-1650, fax 713-682-5520  Rosie 
 Linda, before we knew that you and Ken were going to the VIP reception, Ken had me ask if others could attend in your place.  I did ask and they have just called me that Nancy Kinder said that it is o.k. for the Vermeils and the Herrolds to attend, in addition to you and Ken.  They did ask if we would not spread it around as others have asked and they have not let them.  Oh, but Beau just called that Heather is ill and they are cancelling.  Rosie 
 On Tuesday, July 25, I am meeting with Molecular Electronics Corp. (MEC) to discuss the opportunity for establishing this newly formed company in Houston.  For those of you that are not familiar with MEC, they are considered one of the premier companies in the area of molecular computing. MEC has approached Enron to discuss a possible alliance that would facilitate their development and, in particular, location in the Houston area.  MEC represents the frontier of computing technology.  I would like to invite you to participate in a working lunch discussion of the opportunities and obstacles facing a company that is seeking to change an industry.  I would appreciate it if you could join us on July 25  from 11:30 to 1:30 in EB49C1 for this informal roundtable with the CEO of MEC, Harvey Plotnick and one of the founders, Jim Tour.  Will you please let Vanessa Groscrand know if you can attend at 713-853-1769 or please reply by e-mail to me.  Ken Lay 
 Katherine Brown 06/20/2000 01:07 PM 
 Hi Donna -  Ken said that the letter is fine.  Do you want to send us a list of the past Fathers and let us send the letters?  Let me know.  Rosie 
 As we discussed, the date that Ken thinks is best for the United Way Kick-off is August 9 at the conclusion of the Employee Meeting.  He thinks it would be fine to do the presentations there and then move on to whatever activity is planned.  Thanks for everyone's patience.  Rosie 
 Dear Mr. Carmona -  Everything you have is correct.  I don't have an exact arrival time on July 28 at this point.  Rosalee 
 Hello Janice:  I enjoyed your recent e-mail but was sorry to hear about your dad.  It sounds as though his health has deteriorated significantly.  These are always difficult times.  As I watched my mother and father's health deteriorate and ultimately watched them die, it is a very defining time in our lives.  But we can be very thankful to have such great parents and to have had the privilege to have been raised in such loving homes.  Sounds as though Eric has done very well as SMSU.  He is joining an excellent company.  I am also delighted to hear that he will continue his education working toward an MBA.  As we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable, it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can.  As to our family, within the last ten days our youngest daughter Elizabeth was married to a young man from Buenos Aires, Argentina.  They met while they were both working on a project as lawyers in Buenos Aires.  They're currently on their honeymoon but shortly after returning will be moving from Buenos Aires to Miami, Florida.  This past Thursday night our sixth grandchild was born.  It was born to our son David and his wife Courtney.  It was a 7 lb., 10 oz.,  20 inch little boy.  So we now have three grandsons and three granddaughters ranging from about 2 years - 4 months down to a few days.  They are a great deal of fun.  We are doing quite well.  I am looking forward to seeing Ginger "Rees" Copeland when she comes to Houston.  I would be delighted to arrange tickets for you and your family should you ever have occasion to visit Houston.  I hope you have a great summer. 
 Thank you for your recent request for Mr. Lay to speak at your conference. Unfortunately, do to Mr. Lay's schedule he will not be able to participate.  Thank you again,  Tori L. Wells Executive Secretary 
 Hi -  Just to let you know that it looks like one day will work.  I want to check with Mr. Lay before confirming.  Thanks.  Rosalee 
 Good morning, Kitty -  Ken Lay would like to have the Armada M306 series - "the first ultra portable notebook designed for the enterprise".  Ken said to go ahead and equip it with what you think it should have.  Please let me know when he can expect to receive it.  Thanks, Kitty.  Rosalee 
 Unfortunately, Mr. Lay will be in San Jose, CA participating in a conference, where he is a speaker, on June 14.  Rosalee Fleming 
 This is o.k. for Ken Lay, but we are changing to a more uniform address, so would likely be better to use kenneth.lay@enron.com. 
 Kenneth Lay has approved the attached expense report for Cindy Olson. 
 Hi Mr. Katsof -  I believe someone called about this today, but Mr. Lay asked me to let you know that these dates don't work for him, either.  Sorry.  Rosalee 
 Hi Mr. Pfeffer -  Dr. Lay asked me to tell you it's fine to proceed ahead with the 2001 date. It looks available on his schedule.  Please let me know if you need information from us.  Rosalee 
 Hi Jeff and Valerie -  Sorry I hadn't responded sooner.  I was trying to get Mr. Lay out of town. Actually July 12 may work for him.  He is out of the office until June 12, but I'll try to ask him on his messages, so you'll have an answer before then.  Rosalee 
 Unfortunately, Ken Lay will not be able to attend the meeting of the Asia Society Annual Board Meeting in October 2000.  He has conflicts on the calendar.  Thanks.  Rosalee for Ken Lay 
 I have approved the attached expense report for Rosalee Fleming. 
 Mr. Enloe -  Ken Lay asked me to let you know that he doesn't know Stephen Bennett.  Rosalee 
 Mr. Fierro -  I am very sorry, but I inadvertantly deleted your e-mail before printing the attachment for Mr. Lay.   Will you please send it again?  Mr. Lay's e-mail address is kenneth.lay@enron.com  Thanks.  Rosalee 
 Hi Lesli -  Ken suggests inviting the following 4 people:  Mr. Ward W. Woods, Jr. President & CEO Bessemer Securities Corporation 630 Fifth Avenue 39th Floor New York, New York  10111 (212) 816-8864  Dr. Herbert S. Winokur, Jr. Capricorn Management, G.P. 30 East Elm Street Greenwich, CT  01830 (203) 861-6600  Mr. John M. Hennessy Chairman of the Executive Board C.F.S. First Boston Ltd., Inc. 11 Madison Avenue New York, New York  10010 (212) 909-2393  Mr. Michael A. Carpenter Chairman and CEO Salomon Smith Barney 388 Greenwich Street 39th Floor New York, New York  10013 (212) 816-8864  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Rosalee 
 Arlene!!!  It's a miracle, but I was able to open the attachment.  I am so excited!!  Rosie 
 Hi Sharon -  Unfortunately, Ken Lay will be out of town.  Thanks.  Rosalee 
 Lisa, please attach your resume.  It would be more appropriate for you to send it to cindy.olson@enron.com.  Thanks.  Rosalee for Kenneth Lay 
 Excuse me, but what does this mean? 
 Thanks, Maryse.  This is very helpful. 
 Mr. Smadja -  You may not be the person to ask, but I am trying to get information for Dr. Lay for the World Economic Forum Advisory Council meeting in Geneva in late August.  Can someone please send Dr. Lay a schedule, so he can plan accordingly?  Thank you.  Rosalee Fleming 
 Ken Lay will be out of town. 
 Rob, Ken said this is fine. 
 Mr. Sinha -  Unfortunately, Ken Lay will not be able to attend the May 16 dinner.  He also has a conflict on September 28, the next meeting of the ISB Governing Board.  Rosalee 
 Sally:  Here is the number for the Montriand #2680.  Tori 
 From Ken Lay -  Ken said "Get word back to Lucie that 6 or 7, but would prefer 6 and add an extra special 7th meeting during the year if it's needed".  Thanks.  Rosalee 
 Mr. Kenneth Lay will not be able to attend.  Thank you 
 Mr. Kenneth Lay, Chairman & CEO of Enron Corp. will not be able to attend the May 16 event.  If you have any questions, please call me at 713/853-5769.  Thank you 
 Mr. Kenneth L. Lay, Chairman and CEO of Enron Corp. will not be able to attend the November 16 - 17, 2000 6th Olympiad of the Mind.  If you have any questions, please call me.  713/853-5769  Thank you 
 Sharon:  Mr. Lay's e-mail address is kenneth.lay@enron.com  Please let me know if you have any other questions.  Thank you 
 Dick, I don't know if we answered this for you or not, but I'm sure it will be fine for you to draft a letter for Ken's signature.  Rosie 
 Jeff, I will definitely show this to Mr. Lay.  However, I had a thought.  Why don't you draft what you'd like him to say and then he can make changes to it as he wishes.  That would really be helpful.  Thanks.  Rosalee 
 Kenneth Lay has approved Cindy Olson's expense report, which is attached. 
 Mr. Lay had passed this on to Joe Hirko in Enron Broadband Services. 
 Thanks, Sharon!!!  We'll have him there.  Rosie 
 Hi Annie -  Unfortunately, Mr. Lay will be out of town that day.  Rosie 
 Gayla:  Regrettably, Mr. Lay has a previous engagement and will not be able to attend the EE&CC Holiday Party.  Thank you for the invitation.  Tori   Gayla E Seiter @ ENRON_DEVELOPMENT   11/15/2000 08:21 AM 
 Hi Mr. Garten and Valerie -  We have been working on Ken's schedule.  It is a fairly busy week, but it looks like he could do a 30 minute conference call on Wed. at 2:30 p.m. (New York time), if that is still good for you.  Please let me know if Wednesday is a satisfactory time for the phone call.  That appears to be the only window he has next week.  Valerie had already sent the SEC Panel Outline on 4/11, which you attached below.  Ken Lay has already seen it.  Re:  the other question that you asked about Ken Lay's name appearing in a press release, he said that is fine.  Rosalee 
 You are all the most thoughtful and sweet!!!  Thank you so much for the flowers that you sent today!!  You made our day wonderful!!  Thanks so much!!!  Rosie 
 Hi Liz -  Your Father wrote:  "Elizabeth -  The Republican Convention is July 31 - August 3.  Although there are no guarantees I expect I can get you tickets and reservations.  Love,  Dad"  Liz, I have sent an e-mail to our Washington office to ask for assistance in obtaining hotel reservations and credentials.  We don't yet have reservations for Ken as everything is locked up by the Republicans, but I have been assured they will be forthcoming.  We asked for the same hotel as your Dad will have, so hopefully that will work.  Rosie 
 Hi Corey -  My champion, hero, angel - I think I have made a major mistake!!!  I thought I had tickets to Mark McGuire's team for May 12, but it is the Cinncinatti Reds!!!  I am so sorry.  Is that going to be o.k.?  That's  what I get for thinking I know anything about baseball.  Look forward to hearing from you!!  Love,  Aunt Rosie 
 Yes, indeed. 
 Gary, I could open it perfectly!! 
 Hi Terry -  Ken Lay said that he would really like an update and more detail about the "Digital Divide" and TFA.  He is attending the Fortune Battle Royal and said this fits right in with the subject.  He will be leaving for Washington tomorrow night.  Thanks.  Rosalee 
 Ken Lay has approved the attached expense report for Rosalee Fleming. 
 Hi Sherri -  Ken said that he will pledge $750.00 - $5 per mile.  Sally will pass on to Holly in the Foundation office to prepare a check to get to you.  Rosie     Sherri Sera 03/29/2000 11:13 AM 
 Ken will be there.    Katherine Brown 11/20/2000 09:09 AM 
 Sherri, I'm sorry I have been sending your e-mails to the "old" name.  I didn't realize it had been changed, but this is so right and very good!  Rosie 
 Well, I know this is terribly short notice, but Ken does have a meeting with Tom DeLay on Monday morning at 9:30 a.m.  (I know that's half a day gone for Joe if he's in town), but he is coming in to discuss RMIC (Republican Majority Issues Committee).  Are there specific things that Ken needs to be briefed on?  I know that Steve did recommend that Ken have this meeting.  Thanks very much.  Rosie 
 Ken Lay has approved the attached expense report for Rosalee Fleming. 
 Ms. Grobmyer -  I have forwarded your message to Bill Donovan at Enron.  If there is any interest, I'm sure he will contact you.  Rosalee 
 Rebecca,  I just talked to Ken and asked him again.  He said that there had been a couple of developments while he was in London, so he wanted to wait until he gets back to the office and has a chance to talk to you.  He will be in the office on Thursday.  Thanks.  Rosie 
 Mr. Platt -  Ken Lay said that he will approve the $10,000 underwriter costs to be one of the five sponsors for the media briefing on March 14.  Mr. Lay has asked me to see if Joe Sutton, the Vice Chairman of Enron, might be able to attend.  I will pass the information on to him.  Please ask Mr. Radtke to send an invoice to Enron, unless there is some better way to handle getting the money to you.  Rosalee Fleming 
 Hi Rebecca -  In fact, the Consul General of Ghana, Jack Webb, has called Ken asking him to meet with the Ambassador to Ghana March 10 or 11 when he will be in Houston. I had put a message on Ken's messages last evening asking if you could handle this if you are available, so hopefully he will say yes - especially after he sees your message.  Rosie 
 Dolores, this is the call to Ken that we talked about.   I appreciate Mark= =20 handling this for him.  {Bob Abboud called. He would like to talk to you about a refinery in=20 California.  =01&Pat Robertson bought it.  He has the basic capital.  We ha= ve=20 the financing lined up.  We need a $10 million investment by an industry=20 participant to validate to the Swiss insurance company that is putting up t= he=20 financing.=018  847-639-0101 }  Thanks.  Rosie 
 Hi John -  Ken said that given he will be in town on March 15, he will plan to attend the meeting also. By way of this e-mail, I'll check with Joe's office to see what time it's scheduled.  Thanks.  Rosie 
 Barbara, I have advised our Washington office that Mr. Lay will be on this conference call at 3:30.  Just let us know the number for him to call.  Thank you. Dorothy 
 Gary, every time Ken tells me to report it, I tell Anna or Kristi and they, in turn, pass it on to whoever they deal with in Maintenance.  It has been at least 3 times.  Rosie 
 Dick, I would be happy to do this. Ken 
 Russell, I think it will be Kenneth.Lay@Enron.com.  Do we capitalize all the words, but com?  I noticed that mine is Rosalee.Fleming@Enron.com.  I had sent something to my home e-mail address.  This may not be a good test as I am sending it from my home computer, from his mail-box, but not from his computer.  Oh, well, we'll see!!  Rosie 
 Hi Liz -  Your Dad said to tell you that it would be fine for Elizabeth to review the document.  Her secretary told me that her e-mail address is: elabano@enron.com.  I'm copying her on this in case you have any difficulty with sending it.  Rosie 
 Joe, I am probably really missing something on this, but I can't determine when the big OECD Forum is.  Rosie 
 Hi Liz -  You e-mail worked perfectly.  I was going into the board meeting when it was received, so sorry I didn't respond.  Your Dad hasn't seen your message yet, but hopefully he can call this afternoon.  I hope that works for you.  He is leaving early this afternoon as he and Linda have an appointment at 4:30.  Rosie 
 It's done!! 
 Mr. Straszheim -  Mr. Lay did receive your e-mail - per your telephone call to us last evening.  Rosalee 
 Hi Liz -  The reason Ken and Linda were trying to reach you from the plane was that they had some suggestions for the hotel rooms and wanted you to know their preference.  They would like to give the Jasmine Suite that they are currently in to the Vittors with a connecting bedroom, to take care of their family.  They would like Mark and Natalie to have the end or corner suite that the Vittors have.  Ken and Linda said that they would prefer two connecting rooms, hopefully on the 3rd or 4th floor.  They would like for the rooms to have the ocean view on the North side.  If that isn't possible, it would be o.k. to overlook the pool, but they would not really like the south side as it wouldn't be as quiet.  The two rooms would give them everything they need, with 2 baths.  They said they can be reached in Switzerland tomorrow.  The Hotel Meierhof's phone number is:  41-81-416-82-85, Fax is:  41-81-416-39-82.  They should arrive in Davos about 9:00 a.m.  I know you will have a beautiful and wonderful wedding!!  Thank you so much for including me on the Save the Date list.  I feel honored!  Unfortunately, we won't be able to come.   Our "first" anniversary is June 3, but was 1961!!  Take care and call if we can do anything.  Rosie 
 Hi Liz -  Will you please give your Dad a call at the office at your earliest convenience.  Rosie 
 Not interested 
 Please remove from distribution. 
 Sanjay -  Further to my earlier message, Ken is very willing to go to the Chief Minister's hotel to meet with him.  Rosie 
 Dear Mr. Misaki:  Dr. Lay would prefer that the pre-meeting continue to be scheduled at 8:30 a.m. on January 29, as he has conflicts the afternoon of January 28, so it would be difficult for him to attend.  Please advise.  Rosalee Fleming 
 Dear Mr. Krishna -  If it is convenient for you, Dr. Lay is suggesting that you meet on Friday, January 28 at 3:45 p.m. at the Hotel Meierhof.  Dr. Lay will meet you in the lobby and you can meet at a table in the restaurant at the hotel.  Please advise if this works with your schedule.  Rosalee 
 Ken wrote:  Sharon/Janelle -  I would prefer that we just absorb these costs.  I hate to send out additional bills at this time.  Ken 
 Ken will attend both meetings.  Rosie    Sherri Reinartz 01/12/2000 03:30 PM 
 Kenneth Lay has approved the attached expense report for Jeff Skilling. 
 FURTHER CLARIFICATION TO THE MESSAGE BELOW, for PERSONAL AIRCRAFT USE, the members of the Office of the Chairman must approve the requests.  In addition to Ken and Jeff, Joe Sutton will also approve personal requests.   This is the revised list of persons authorized to approve use of the company plane.  If there is a duplicate request for a plane, one of the members of the Office of the Chairman  (Ken, Jeff or Joe) will determine priority.   Cliff Baxter Mark Frevert Kevin Hannon Ken Harrison Joe Hirko Stan Horton Ken Lay Rebecca Mark Mark Metts Lou Pai Ken Rice Jeff Skilling Joe Sutton Tom White  Please call if you have any questions.  Rosalee 
 I did receive your e-mail.  Ken Lay 
 Hi -  We did receive the e-mail.  Rosalee for Ken Lay 
 Hi Sara -  Thanks for the bios.  Is Mr. West not joining the meeting?  Rosalee 
 Loretta, I really enjoyed being at your table on Monday evening and getting to know you a little better.  I must tell you that I am in awe of what you did with the office in Japan.  I would not have known how to do all that!!!  Wow.  Rosie 
 Hi Sarah -  The Enron attendees for tomorrow's meeting are:  Ken Lay, Marty Sunde and Bob Williams.  Their resumes are attached.    Sarah, will you please e-mail me exactly where they should come once they get through traffic.  Thanks.  Rosalee 
 Mr. Lay said that he would like for you to accept service on his behalf. 
 I think we've received everything Mr. Pershing.  We have the VIP pass for the car.  Rosalee 
 Oh, Gabriella (that is such a pretty name!) -  I apologize for not responding.  The conference details have been a bit confusing to us as we didn't seem to have many.  Mr. Lay is scheduled to participate in a Ministerial Working Dinner the evening of May 15.  He has to give a brief report on his forum session from earlier in the afternoon.  It is being held at the Kleber International Conference Centre.  Therefore, Dr. and Mrs. Lay will not be able to attend.  Thank you.  Rosalee 
 Unfortunately, Ken Lay will be out of the country during this time.  Rosalee 
 Here is Mr. Lay's bio.  Rosalee 
 Tonda, is Ken Lay still a member?  Rosalee 
 Ken Lay said "Lance, this looks fine to me".  Rosie 
 Ken, Ken Lay said he is fine with this.  Rosie 
 Mr. Pershing, I am still confused about the exact date of the panel!!  Rosalee 
 Good morning, Valerie.  I don't believe we did get the e-mail yesterday!! Please resend.  Rosalee 
 All responses to Ken Lay should be sent to kenneth.lay@enron.com  Dear Steve:  The Galleo mobile multimedia communicator looks very interesting.  As you may know, I am on the Compaq Computer board.  They have a very successful product that is somewhat similar referred to as the iPAQ.  They also have other wireless machines which I use.  I think for the time being I do not necessarily need to add one more.  But I do appreciate you thinking of me.  Ken 
 All responses to Ken Lay should be sent to kenneth.lay@enron.com  Roger:  I appreciate the brief e-mail concerning The Continental article.  It turned out to be a nice article.  I have been in and out of London in recent weeks but not there for any extended stay.  I believe my next extended stay in London will be this Fall. I will attempt to come by and check your products out.  My very best to you.  Ken 
 Good morning, Mike.  What time is the meeting?  Rosie 
 John, Ken said that he does support you extending the offer.  Rosie 
 All responses to this e-mail should be sent to kenneth.lay@enron.com  Dear Colette:  In response to your e-mail concerning the upcoming New Delhi World Forum, I would expect that this forum should evaluate the impact of what is happening on our project at Dabohl with reference to enticing other foreign investment.  As you probably know, the State of Maharastra has been slow paying and no paying for the electricity from our plant at Dabohl for sometime and more recently both the State of Maharastra  and the Government of India have refused to honor their government guarantees on this project. We have filed a political force majeure on the project and indeed will be moving into arbitration on that and a number of other issues in London in the not too distant future.  Again, I believe this will send a very negative signal to the market place as to the advisability of international companies investing in India.  I would think you might want to build one panel around this subject.  If there's any way we can be of help, let me know.  Best regards,  Ken Lay 
 Good morning, Jean -  I understand from Rob Bradley that you are putting together some facts for Ken as he is moderator of this panel tomorrow in Austin.  He said that he would like some bullet points about basic trend data last five years re: natural gas production and oil production in the State.  He also would like facts about electricity transmission and any copies of articles about the subject.  Thanks.  Rosie 
 Ken said "Tim - I hope this works out".  Rosie 
 Hi Mary Hope -  Ken would like to have the meeting late afternoon on May 24th, if possible.    He thinks your suggestion of Steering Committee members to join the meeting are great.  Thanks.  Rosie 
 Hi Eva -  Mr. Lay said that he will be happy to do this - accept the call from OPIC.  Rosalee 
 Dear Kelly:  I appreciate your comments regarding Enron's advertising focus.  First, Enr= on=20 become involved  with Enron Field for two reasons:  to keep the Astros in= =20 Houston and to gain energy and facilities management business for Enron=20 Energy Services.  Acquiring the naming rights to the stadium came much late= r=20 in our negotiations with the Astros.  In addition, while sports events like= =20 NASCAR are exciting to watch and get a fair amount of media play,  we're=20 targeting a more specific audience with our advertising dollars. =20 Increasingly, Enron=01,s integrated products and services require the appro= val=20 of an organization=01,s highest ranking officers, people who carry a =01&CX= O=018=20 title, such as chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief=20 information officer or chief technology officer. These individuals may not= =20 recognize Enron=01,s name and abilities as readily as energy-centric execut= ives.  We also want to reach the elected and appointed officials who set policy an= d=20 regulations affecting Enron businesses worldwide. The "Ask Why" advertising= =20 campaign launched in February this year was designed with these groups in= =20 mind as well as to put the Enron name and image on everyone=01,s radar scre= en.=20 Enron commercials continue to appear on business channels such as CNBC and= =20 CNNfn, as well as the History Channel, ESPN and network news programs. Some= =20 are running in Europe as well.  While we won't rule out entirely the possibility of directing some of our= =20 future advertising dollars toward sports events, for now, we believe we are= =20 spending our ad budget where it will have the greatest positive impact on o= ur=20 business.  Thanks for your suggestion.  Keep them coming.  Ken 
 Ken Lay can do November 20 at 5 p.m. EST or November 27 at 6 p.m. EST. November 21 is not good for him.  Thanks.  Rosalee 
 Any response to this e-mail should be sent to kenneth.