 Testing 
 Continental 
 DM,  My itinerary is as follows:   Friday, November 17  Departure:  Houston (IAH) 2:26 PM  Arrival: Tulsa 3:50 PM  Flight 1667   Monday, November 20  Departure: Tulsa 8:39 AM  Arrival: Houston (IAH) 10:10 AM (not that you care)   If you need to reach me after I land, my cell phone number is 713-306-0760.  Looking forward to seeing you guys,  Andy 
 I received an e-mail earlier stating that I was to be included in the second pilot along with Martin Cuilla and several other members of the Central Desk.  Recently, Martin received a second e-mail asking him to accept an invitation to the program.  Since the deadline for this application is tomorrow, and I have yet to receive this e-mail, I would appreciate you contacting me by phone in order to verify my inclusion.  Andy 3-6278 
 We finally got your postcards this week.  Sandra was excited to receive them. It sounds like your having a blast in Asia.  I have always wanted to visit that part of the world.  I have some friends that are moving to London in January, so I guess that will have to be the first trip I take.  On a different note, this wednesday was a bit like a stick in the eye. However, there's always next week.  Robin's last name is now Zivic, so her new handle is Rhonda Zivic (Honda Civic).  That's it for now.  E.B. 
 Hey Eva,  We got two postcards so far. Sandra was pretty excited.  She said to tell you that she looks forward to the next batch. It sounds like your having a great time in Asia.  I have always wanted to visit that part of the world. 
 Hey Eva,  Got your message, was waiting for you to write more.  I'll have to check with Sandra, but I haven't heard her say if she got your postcards.  Robin came back from her honeymoon and you can't tell when she's blushing she's so red.  The last two AGA's have been great.  One was a 40 cent move and the other was 20 cents (what's better than Wednesdays?).  That's it for now.  Must go see Suey.  - Big Lew 
 What do you mean we're not working hard enough?  You're the one that is never in the office when I call.  Not to mention all those stories Nicole told me about you partying it up in San Francisco.  You know what they say:  All play and no work out west makes the stock price go south.   Andy 
 Hey,  It has been awfully busy now that I'm managing both Gas Daily and Mid-continent Basis.  Luckily, the market has settled down and given me a chance to get up to speed.  Needless to say, I haven't been to any happy hours either.  I did get to go to an Astros game with Natsource a few weeks ago, however.  If I hear of anything I will let you know.  Anyway, looks like it's about quitting time.   - Andy  P.S.  Feel free to call me direct anytime for quotes. 
 It's really me!!!!  Where are you nowadays?  Where have you been?  What have you seen?  Inquiring minds want to know!  I don't know if you have corresponded with Flet lately, but he is officially a short timer.  Looks like he's the proud owner of Midwest Power now that John Z. has taken off for the Great White North (Calgary).  On a completely different note, Sandra is still waiting for her postcards. Apparently you promised to send a postcard every week or something.  Oh, by the way, Martin and Kevin are officially married now.  And Robin is in Toronto awaiting the fateful day.  That's about all for now.  Looking forward to hearing from you.   Big Lew 
 Anytime after 4:00 PM.  -Andy 
  Please move me to the new garage.  Andy 3-6278 
 Matt,  Attached is the file Phillip asked me to send you.  Andy 
 Regina,  I need access to the Central Intramonth deal tickets (Trade Blotter and Deal Manager) and Position Manager.  Thanks,  Andy 
 Hello, Kitty!!!!  Check this out, it's pretty funny - especially the end.  Love,  Pika 
 Hey,  I am getting ready to wrap up my work for the night and head over to the Williams party.  I just wanted to send you a quick note so you could have my e-mail address.  I will try to find out more about the rumored buyout.  Talk to you later,   Andy 
 Andrew Lewis 3131 Timmons Ln Apt. 1010 Houston, TX 77027 
 Derek,  Attached is the document I prepared on GMI.  The areas that I could not find data for I have left blank .  If you could also check the accuracy of the information I have already filled in, I would appreciate it.  Thanks,  Andy 
 First of all, Hanukkah was three weeks ago.  Second, you spelled it incorrectly.  Get a clue, you idiot. 
 Vicky,  Sounds like they've been working you to hard.  You certainly deserve a vacation.  I would like to hear about your adventures overseas.  My address is as follows:   Andy Lewis 3131 Timmons Ln Apt. 1010 Houston, TX  77027    I got a letter from Diem with their new London address.  I figure I'll give them a month or so to move in  before I look into visiting.  Of course, getting time off in this job is easier said than done.  Anyway, enjoy your trip, and I look forward to hearing from you.  -Andy 
 I received your riddle from Amy Yueh and my answer is NOTHING!  Let me know if I am right.  Andy 
 Please move me to the new garage.  Andy 3-6278 
 I agree.  My notebook shows ENA selling 2/Month APR - JUL Nymex @ 5.28.  - Andy 
 I'm going to workout at 4:00, so I'll probably be there about 5:15.  - Andy 
 Remove the index2.html  - Andy 
 Does this mean that you will consider providing this access in the near future?  I imagine their are quite a few employees who live in an apartment (almost all recent college graduates).  Considering the intentions of the program were to bring high technology into every employee's household, neglecting those that live in an apartment would make the program a failure in my opinion.  I would appreciate a more detailed response.  Thank you,  Andy 
 To whom it may concern:  I am disappointed by the lack of internet options.  For someone like myself that lives in an apartment, it looks like it will be impossible to get high speed internet access.  Perhaps you would consider cutting a deal with OpTel, since they provide high speed internet access to every apartment in Houston.  Thank you for time,  Andy 
 Diem,  I am forwarding this website to you before it gets purged from my e-mail again.  Let me know what you think about it.  Andy 
 Vicky,  Sounds like they've been working you to hard.  You certainly deserve a vacation.  I would like to hear about your adventures overseas.  My address is as follows:   Andy Lewis 3131 Timmons Ln Apt. 1010 Houston, TX  77027    I got a letter from Diem with their new London address.  I figure I'll give them a month or so to move in  before I look into visiting.  Of course, getting time off in this job is easier said than done.  Anyway, enjoy your trip, and I look forward to hearing from you.  -Andy 
 To whom it may concern:  First, why does the Dell public website have more choices for upgrades then the Enron website?  For example, the website available to the public has a 19" monitor (M991) for an extra $140.  Second, why is Dell charging Enron employees more for the same products it offers to the general public?  For example, the website available to the public allows an upgrade from the E770 monitor to the P991 monitor for $290. The Enron website allows an upgrade from the E770 monitor to the P991 monitor for $400.  Therefore, Enron employees are being charged an extra $110 for the same upgrade.  I look forward to your response.  Andy 3-6278 
 Hey,  How was your Christmas?  Did you guys get hammered with snow and ice?  My vacation was very relaxing, and I managed to leave just before the real cold weather set in.  It also looks like I'm going to miss the biggest snow storm of the winter by about five days.  I'm still not sure what I am going to do for New Year's eve.  It's been so busy this week that I haven't had time to talk to any of my friends.  If you hear of anything let me know.  Anyway, since the Nymex closed at Noon, I think I am going to get the heck outta here.  Talk to you later.  Andy 
 Hey Eva,  Sorry for the delay, but it has been absolutely nuts lately.  I think the smallest move we have had in the last 2 weeks was 30 cents.  Not to mention 8 of the days were close to or more than $1.00.  Luckily, most of us have been on the right side through all this.  And lest I forget about basis.  Demarc, Vent, Chicago all up 70 cents.  And PEPL basis trading as high as plus 25 cents.  Anyway, I am taking a much deserved vacation.  I will be flying to Boston tomorrow and coming back on Christmas.  I am looking forward to just hanging out with the family and spending time with my nephew.  Let me know if you are going to be in Boston during this time. My cell phone number is 713-306-0760.  On a completely different note, we finally got your postcard from Peru. Sorry to hear about the backpack fiasco, but it sounds like you had an incredible. time.  Looks like its about time to get outta here.  Lots of laundry and packing to do.   - Big Lew 
 http://www.wpi.edu/~sae/ 
 For the second time, please sign me up. 
  Monica,  I have added some information to the forwards se