 Thanks for the info. 
 Congratulations !  Keep up the good work. 
 Phase IV volumes will be FTS-2 rate schedule and will be company 536 (just like Phase III).  Phase V will also be company 536. 
 Message received.  Thanks!   --   Teb 
 Thank you for all of the help and inspiration you have given us these many years.  I will miss you very much but am very happy for your new opportunity - it is well deserved.  (My now ex-wife) Sandy was very grateful for the help you gave her, and still asks about you when the subject of the Body Shop comes up.  Where is your new fitness center?  We may have to come by and check it out.  God bless you each day.  Keep your positive attitude and you will be blessed. 
 Keri - I would like to add my nephew, of whom I have legal custody, to my membership at the Met - or Downtown Club.  His name is Michael Anthony Orona.  He is 17 years old, and will turn 18 next Wednesday, January 31.  (He was born 1/31/83.)  As I stated, I have legal custody of Anthony, I am raising him as if he were my son, and he is included in all of my Enron benefits.  I have papers from a court of law awarding me custody, with the full consent of both of his parents who are unable to care for him.  His address is the same as mine - 507 Welch, Houston, TX 77006.  He is a senior at Lamar High School and very active in school and extracurricular activities - including sports.  I hope the rules will permit Anthony's addition to my membership as I have been raising him as a son for several years.  Please call me at 713-853-6868 if you have any questions or require additional information.  Thank you for your consideration.  Walter Teb Lokey Member No. EN 345 
 I have reserved 39C1 from 10:00 - 11:00 Friday, January 26 to discuss our strategy and assignments for the operating committee meeting now tentatively scheduled for Wednesday, February 21 in Orlando.  Please advise if this time does not work for you. 
 Sam:  Attached is the 2001 Operating Committee List. 
 I approve my attendance in Outlook-945 Outlook.  -  Teb Lokey 
 I approve Debbie Thompson's attendance at Outlook-946 Outlook class.  -  Teb Lokey 
 I'll be there and so will Blair. 
 The contract with ECS provides that if we exceed 21000 hp  we must pay additional amounts to ECS, thus negating the benefit of the fixed price quoted in the contract.  The incremental charges are applicable if we exceed the 21000 hp limit even once in a month. 
 Sure, if you and laura can leave by about 11:15  we can be back before 1:00.  Let me know if that works for both of you.    Nancy Carpenter 
 If it would work better for you all, we could get together for lunch/dinner and a tattoo on Saturday, or the weekend after the race.  Let me know. 
 Sounds great, but we may not have time for the tattoos. 
 Sharon, attached is the Compressor Station 27 Options memo.  Please call to discuss. 
 Congratulations again - she's beautiful! 
 Congratulations!  Well deserved. 
 Freezing out employee options during this period is probably the best way to further demoralize the workforce.  Are the benefits to Enron (and its related parties) worth the increased 