 Sounds good to me.  Make me a plate, remember I have a 9 basketball game, so I will be home about 10:30. PL 
 I want to play on the motley side.  I am off work the next day, so I will try and make it. PL 
 Thanks.  I know for a fact he felt the same way. PL 
 Actually I was told it was a military invention and that we simply licensed the technology rights. PL 
 I don't have to be talking about basketball to get the pattern...I am sorry, I didn't realize your girl told you about our morning routines. PL 
 I understand Mick's point of view...So for everyone, I will also share my day...Get out of bed, shower, brush teeth, comb hair, don't forget that deodrant(that's both arms)...Take the bus..book deals til 5 p.m. and calc three books....Get the point.  We are all busy, welcome to Enron.  I think the point of the message, which I think should be directed at a few individuals that have shown a pattern..DON'T COMMITT YOURSELF TO SOMETHING YOU DO NOT INTEND TO DELIVER UPON. PL 
 thanks man.  I will let you know. 
 We are in bid week right now, so I have to work late and can not take vacation, so I am catching a 10 p.m. flight out tomorrow and get to auburn about 2 a.m.  I will be at your brother's by 7:15 a.m. on game day - you better be ready.  I am coming in on Thursday night for the Georgia game and may stay in Birmingham that night...any vacancies?  I think we may play golf on Friday. PL 
 bring it.  I guess you are right, you don't need tickets, hope you don't need any the rest of the season.  I give you that whoopin at the bar this weekend. PL 
 The hell you did...don't be a dumb ass.(you need to remember who is giving you tickets this weekend). PL 
 I do not mind us bringing JAckson.  I understand your desire to be with him all the time, but I would like to occasionally do something with our friends for a vacation that is just us.  I think in time you will become more comfortable, and I will just wait for that time.  You need to talk to your mom and decide if we are going this weekend.  If we go we need to make plans for barkley.  Bundle Jackson up this morning it is near freezing.  Please cover the plants out back.  Thanks. PL 
 He led the nation last year -JUCO- in rushing and touchdowns and was JUCO player of the year.  He went to Butler JUCO and led them to a national championship.  In the national championship game, he had 300 yards and 7 touchdowns.  He has 3 touchdowns so far this year over 70 yards.  He is a welcome addition to our poor running game. PL 
 I can always count on you to put a unique spin on something.  I am more concerned with him staying for his senior year. PL 
 From all I have read, he seems to always thank his offensive line and recievers first.  I heard that is what he said as soon as he got the game ball Saturday. PL 
 Pretty damn funny. PL 
 Tim Duncan is what ever the draft personnel categorize him as.  Guranteed victories?? What is your record this year thrill kill?  What was your record in basketball?  Enough said. PL 
 I bid $3 on Troy Drayton PL 
 I guess I would be in, what is the fee going to be.  It is a crap load of work. PL 
 FYI. PL 
 The FRED file for Ontario did not include flashed liquidations detail.  It appears the files were not prepared by risk.  I have prepared the files and attached them.  Do you mind including this in the FRED file and reissuing? Thanks for your help, please call with questions. PL 
 I will be there. PL 
 How ashamed I am to read this. PL 
 That really embarasses me. PL 
 I ran a forwards detail for you on the deal from friday Q52255.1, price of 3.85.  This deal is currently losing roughly $3,000. PL 
 We are having so much fun, we do not know what to do with ourselves.  The P&L's are hosed, we are going to Fletch's happy hour now, maybe the numbers will make sense after that. PL 
 I do not think I will be able to attend due to bid week.  We are usually extremely busy during bidweek and we will be short handed.  Please advise of any future sessions.  Thanks. PL 
 Yeah man, tell me about that crazy night before.  You know us married guys have to live vicariously through our single friends.  Next time you are headed this way, please do give me a shout, we will have to get together and catch up.  We can shoot a little pool at my house or go out to a bar.  Good luck with the financing, please keep me informed.  Thanks for the nice thoughts, same goes from me bro, I have been thinking about you for some time and hoping things were going well, I am glad they are going well. PL 
 Pretty humorous. PL 
 Does Denise have any interest in learning to ski?  I think it is an absolute blast.  How are the negotiations going between Gwynn and the Padres? PL 
 I vote for a long lunch one day of the week or 6 p.m. on Monday or 6 p.m. on Wednesday PL 
 I agree with you.  We are going skiing in January.  If ya'll want to come or come to a football game in the fall.  I am not sure if we can make it out there before the end of the year.  I have spoken for all of my vacation days.  Did you see the sorry Astros released Cami today?  The man gave up all of that cash for us and is sitting in rehab for dependency and we walk out him.  Typical Drayton McClain.  Talk to you tomorrow. PL 
 I know what you mean.  As far as the bed goes, you should do what I do...Go around to the other side and push your wife into the wet area. PL 
 Is it 6 a.m. out there?  What in the hell are you already doing at work? PL 
 Done.  FYI, according to Trey, this does not go through ECC because it is physical..do you agree? I changed sitara as well. PL 
 A vote was taken, and NY,NY was declared the winner.  I then went around to everyone and the were cool with NYNY because it was putting an extra $100 in everyone's pocket.  If you want to talk to everyone and try and convince them, let me know.  By the way, how do I get my high score weekly money?  DO I have to wait until the end of the season. PL 
 Did you see the first three games of the divisional series?  4 of the 6 starters were former Astro pitchers - within the last three years.  Halama, Garcia for Seattle - Randy Johnson trade, Hampton and Kyle.  How sickening is that.  However, McClain has said he is going to up the budget for next year by....1 MILLION $, yee haw. PL 
 Welcome back. PL 
 DONE. PL 
 Glad to hear this.  read the whole story, hopefully it is true. PL 
 Yes, I did get in touch with him.  Thanks again for the info.  He is just being a beach bum...not really doing anything.  Guess I should have figured that. PL 
 Sorry.  I have always listed the address as plove @enron.com  How are things going with you?  Good I hope.  We just got back from Denver.  Rachel Bonilla's wedding.  Boy the weather and the air are beautiful up there.  We really considered moving. PL 
 We do look pretty bad.  As long as we win that game at the end of November...I will be happy.  How was the trip to NYC?  I bet you guys had a blast. PL 
 Send those dirty jokes to my home email - plove570@cs.com.  They are pretty ruthless here about offensive emails.  I still want to see the jokes though. Are you still enjoying the computer?  I need to spend some time getting our home machine organized.  Talk to you soon. PL 
 Sent to wrong address originally. PL 
 There has been a slight change to our email addresses.  Please send future emails to phillip.m.love@enron.com Thanks. PL 
 can you reverify the deal ID.  Is this the EOL #, EOL number are above 490000 right now.  Thanks. PL 
 You need to stop lying to these boys, you know damn well this old guy was with you step for step. PL 
 Hey man, our new address is: 4435 Sterling Wood Way Houston, TX  77059  PL 
 When are you running for office Eric, you have my vote. PL 
 I think that last comment should have been directed solely to O'Neal. PL 
 Man, I was needing some help this week.... 
 Here they are. PL 
 How does Fear have any money left...he has been bidding the house...I think we need some bid accounting here. PL 
 I do not know who you are, but I definitely do not appreciate the email that you sent me.  I do not agree with your politics and please remove me from your list. 
 Here they are.  Look how large some people are (Leo and Mitchell).  I managed to stay clear of the photos. PL 
 Thanks for your help, I will keep that in mind. PL 
 If he did that, he might have come back with a little buckshot in his ass. PL 
 I will throw in Troy Brown, Kevin Johnson and James Allen. PL 
 How about Jacques Green and Mike Alstot. PL 
 I think it is arabic for holy shit, I broke my shoulder. 
 It is an absolutely hilarious video of a pakistani man firing a shotgun in a range and the gun shooting out of his hand and him yelling at his friends. Real player should be able to play it - that is what I used.  I had a good time.  Send me those pics.  It was great seeing everybody and give us a shout the next time you are in town. PL 
 Yeah, waht are you offering? PL 
 I found this picture of you shooting a shotgun, you crazy man. PL 
 Enjoy..I was crying with laughter. PL 
 Just curious how I may assist in getting Auburn University's name added to recruiting endeavors.  Of course I am an alum, and I believe you will find we have an excellent engineering and business school.  Just curious, thanks. PL 
 Here it is...you gonna split the money with me right?? 
 Here it is. PL 
 I will bid $6 for Cary Blanchare, K Arizona and $3 for Gary Anderson K Minn PL 
 Sorry it has taken so long to get back with you.  Work has been real hectic. Trust me, I feel old as well.  The old body doesn't cooperate like it use to.  Jackson and Ashley are doing great.  We got our tree up and he just rounds around pointing at the glass balls on the tree and yelling balls!!!!  This christmas should be fun.  When are you coming out here to visit? PL 
 It was good to talk to you live.  I miss our chats, but this is the wrong time and place to discuss that.  Please do not fret at all about not asking me to stand up.  For what it is worth I didn't ask you either.  I think you are correct it would have been akward for both of us.  This week is a time when you need as little stress as possible to cope with al the people that are pulling at you.  So you know, do not worry about us, we are there to celebrate with you and meet your family.  Take care of the other high maintenance people, because you will be suprised how many there are.  Try and relax and enjoy it.  I am looking forward to seeing you in that dress.  See you soon. PL 
 Congrats on the future addition.  We are all doing good.  Jackson is 20 months and walking and talking up a storm.  Definitely keeping us on our toes.  The program for people with Graduate degrees is the associate program.  The person to contact that is responsible for that program is Kristin Gandy, her number is  713-345-3214.  I have no idea what all the requirements are and when they recruit.  What type of position is he interested in - Treasury?  I have some friends down in Treasury that I may be able to pass the resume on if you guys would like.  Oil and Gas experience is not a necessity, just a plus.  Enron really encourages diversity in every form, even experience.  By far the best company I have ever worked for. PL 
 I don't know if you are working any this week, but I will send an email any way.  We were wondering what there might be to do in Denver on Friday?  Since we have all day, are there musuems or things unique to Denver to see?  I know there is some luncheon on Friday, is that for couples or just girls?  Wasn't really sure.  We get in about we land on Thursday at 5 p.m. and her grandmother lands at 6 p.m. so we should be at the hotel by around 6:45. Should we call your room or meet you somewhere?  Talk to you soon. PL 
 You finally win a game and you think your team rules...typical alabama fan. The scuddle butt I hear is that Jackie Sherrill will be you next coach...Did you play with him?  We will see if Auburn is for real this weekend. PL 
 I have even read where Ronney Daniels has said he does not mind having a reduced role as long as we win.  Hopefully the good times will continue.  I get all of those articles from that website  ww.tigeronline.com.  It is an outstanding website.  That article was from the Huntsville Times.  See you soon. PL 
 Hey goofball.  I sent this to you yesterday. PL 
 Great article on what it truly means to be an Auburn Man     The ties that bind Friday night meetings have helped Auburn through hard times 10/03/00 By PHILLIP MARSHALL Times Sports Staff   AUBURN - It started in dark and unhappy times for Auburn's football team.  Five straight games had been lost. Late in Tommy Tuberville's first season as head coach, the team was fractured, divided by the stress of almost two years of trouble, despair and losing.    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --  More Auburn football | Talkin' Tigers Forum  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -- ''It was defense and offense,'' offensive tackle Kendall Simmons said. ''Whatever happened, we pointed fingers at each other.'' On the Friday night before last November's game against Central Florida, a small group of players gathered at the team hotel at the urging of fullback Heath Evans. They prayed. They talked about life and the sometimes bitter turns it can take.  A bond began to grow among players young and old, black and white, starters and reserves. It wasn't so much about winning and losing or even about football. It was about matters of the heart.  ''We may have had 15-20 guys show up that first night,'' senior whip linebacker Rob Pate said. ''Since then, it's just like another thing on the itinerary. It's not mandatory, but we have basically the whole team there. We've got five or six coaches. Coach Tuberville comes in there. People just lay out their hearts, whatever is on their minds.''  Auburn has won seven of the eight games it has played since that November night. Players say they've done it with trust and a unity of purpose that has grown ever stronger.  It has carried the 15th-ranked Tigers to a 5-0 record going into Saturday's Southeastern Conference West Division showdown at 20th-ranked Mississippi State.  Pate says they'll go firm in the belief that they can count on each other in the most difficult times.  Pate knows about pain and even fear. A mysterious disease, now seemingly under control, threatened his senior season.  ''When you see a guy at his weakest point and he's reaching out asking you for help, you know everything about a guy,'' Pate said. ''With me, it was my health. Before the first game, they set a chair in the middle of the room and every guy in there put his hands on me. We said a prayer together. Man, I was crying.  ''It's like that every weekend. Somebody on this team is suffering through something. They share it. When you line up on Saturday, it's a lot easier to look at that person and know he is going to give it everything he's got.''  On the field, there has been little but happiness for Auburn this season. Tuberville says it started when Auburn players, strengthened by the bad times, put aside their differences and their individual desires to play for their teammates and their school.  ''I've never been around a team this close,'' Tuberville said. ''They get along. We haven't always played as great as we wanted to, but we've had guys urging the younger players and younger players pulling for the older guys to get better.  ''It's just a special group. They enjoy being around each other and understand what it's going to take for us to win.''  The change from not so long ago is striking, Simmons says.  ''If you don't really know each other and everybody is in their own little group, things aren't going to work,'' Simmons said. ''If you have trust in your teammates, you can build a good team. Right now, we've got that going.''  It starts with the seniors, who have seen the good and the bad of college football. They went to the SEC Championship Game as freshmen in 1997. Then came two losing seasons and the resignation of their head coach, Terry Bowden.  They revel in their success, yet they know it can be ever so fleeting. They take pride in the closeness of a team on the way back.  No one understands better than fifth-year senior quarterback Ben Leard. He went from starter to third team in 1998, then won his job back in 1999 when hardly anyone thought he could.  Today, he has the highest efficiency rating of any SEC quarterback.  ''We have been practicing since August and we have yet to hear anyone say 'Man, I'm looking forward to playing in the NFL,' '' Leard said. ''No one is worried about their personal accolades or how they are doing status-wise. Everybody just wants to win ball games. The relationships we have on this team are like brothers.''  Leard says nothing that happens can change that.  ''If we lose every game from now on, this will be one of the most special seasons I've ever had in my life,'' Leard said. ''We've got people excited. We're excited. The fun is back in it for us.  ''It's a great feeling to be able to almost look forward to coming to practice, to see the guys, to have fun and talk. There are no fingers being pointed anywhere. There are no individuals on this football team.''  Evans was one who showed the way, happily accepting the unglamorous role of blocker for tailback Rudi Johnson. Every Friday night, Evans is still the one who leads his teammates as they share their joy and their pain.  ''Heath is just like that all the time,'' Pate said. ''He's a great example of somebody who lives what he talks. He's a role model, not just for younger people but for all of us.'' 
 what room? PL 
 Good to hear from you as well.  Last I heard, you were running a dating service...What happened with that?  I have been at Enron for close to 3 years.  Ashley and I have a 18 month old son, Jackson.  Mom is doing good, as we all are.  How do you like Enron so far?  I absolutely love it.  I am in the Risk Management Group for Natural Gas Trading.  Dealing with the traders can be fun, but is usually quite challenging.  Unfortunately we have a lot of late nights waiting on systems - like we are right now.  What group are you with?  Where are you living these days?  We just built a house in PineBrook in Clear Lake.  We had our ten year reunion last weekend...quite strange.  I don't know if you know them, but several CL graduates work here.  Meredith Mitchell, Dawn Kenne, Mike Pyer.  Our curves just came out, so I am going to start calcing my P&L.  Talk to you later. PL 
 Could you please change the curve mappings on a type of trade for Robyn Menear.  THe trade is a GD Index swap for out months.  THe product type is US GAS Basis - GD/M Trunk WLA.  This is currently being mapped to a GDP curve adn we need it changed to TRUNKL/WLA-GD.  Robyn sets this curve everyday as a basis curve.  Thanks.  If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to shout. PL 
 Well, did you survive the week without your husband?  I am sure things are alot calmer now at home.  How is the little one?  Jackson is into everything.  Ashley had to go out of town to a meeting on Saturday, so he and I hung out all day.  I taught him how to smoke, drink and cuss.  Ash was real proud. PL 
 done PL 
 There are four of us that are not playing tomorrow? PL 
 Are you the same Ashley Lord that went to Clear Lake High School.  I think I saw the Ashley Lord I went to high school with in the lobby and thought this might be you.  If not, please disregard my email.  Thanks. PL 
 Check this out.  Can't remember if I have sent this to you before. PL 
 Please provide me a list of deal numbers that need to be changed.  From you email I gather you are saying that all deals done by ENA with a Canadian Counterparty need to be ECC/3rd party and then flipped to ENA book/FT-US/Cand/ERMS.  Is this correct? PL 
 I have rugby practice on Tuesday's and Thursday's.  I can do it before work, long lunch or Monday/Friday.  Let me know. PL 
 I like it when you call me sailor. PL 
 Tell him it is firm.  We are obligating ourselves no matter what.  And tell him thank you again.  See you tonight pretty lady. PL 
 Per Bruce Mills - this goes through ENA PL 
 According to the trader, this is a gas daily daily for the balance of month. This may be a hedge for them for a physical deal, but it is financial from our perspective. PL 
 no thanks. PL 
 I will be there.  It is bid week, remind me. PL 
 I changed the first deal, the second one NZ3403, Kam got a call from credit that this should be with ECC.  We have a sheat from Bruce Mills that says all deals with Dynegy Canada should be through ECC. PL 
 Ask Why....Why doesn't the Ask Why commercials work? 
 sure.  Just give me a shout.  Next week will not be good and I would prefer if we could do it before 2 p.m.  Let me know. PL 
 sounds good.  We will have to start getting firm replies from people soon. Is the full amount still due on Feb. 15th?  If so, people will have to give us their money by then. PL 
 3-7376 home - 281-486-7026 Cell - 713-819-0765 Pager - 713-764-9333     Enron North America Corp. 
 Sorry I did not get back with you yesterday.  We have been really busy around here.  I called the person that I gave your resume to and she is on a business trip until early next week.  Her assistant is going to have her call me when she returns.  Apparently she left the day after I gave her the resume.  I will keep you informed.  If you look on our website www.enron.com and you see anything that interests you, let me know and I will put the resume in.  Talk to you soon. PL 
 I have put all of the liquidations for GD Central in the Fred Liquidations file.  There is a variance of ($13,950) on the gas daily between what we flashed and what detail we now have.  We will have to take this adjustment to the P&L(wil be expense).  I do not have detail for Basis Capacity Hedges or LT Transport.  I am under the impression that these numbers are given to you each month by Cernosek's group.  For Basis Capacity Hedges, we flashed ($31,074) and for LT Transport we flashed ($130,735).  The detail in this file plus these three numbers should tie out.  If not, please let me know. Shout with any questions.  Thanks for your help. PL 
 I bid $0 on New Orleans D 
 I bid $2 of Miami's D and $1 on Detroit's D 
 I passed it off today to someone in the Public Relations dept.  I will also look on our bulletin board and see what if anything is out there. PL 
 Done. PL 
 Cathy please seperate two items from your original list.  TAGG#N50101.C for $897,332 and TAGG#N70687.7 for $659,979.  These two liquidations relate to a NGPL storage deal on the desk that should have variances for several months. The net amount of these two liquidations is $237,353.  For now, please  put this item on the backpage on it's own line.  We will reconcile the other storage lines in the next few weeks and see what if anything needs to be added to this line.  At that time we will work out the necessary steps to get this item off of the backpage.  Scott is still looking at TAGG#N38268.L for $1,443,519 for the remainder of the balance for May.  Shout with any questions. PL 
 I like that. PL 
 Please use the following two files as your detail support for finanical liquidations:   Previously, I believe you were given the capacity hedges file the pricebasisindex file and the pricebasisindex_revised file.  All three of these equalled the 3.7 million.  You should use the revised and the capacity hedge file.  When you use the two files listed above, you will come up with a variance going the other way of roughly $(817,385).  This amount should be a "desk adjustment".  We have accounted for the variance in our current month (0800) file and will simply reclass between the months.  Please shout with any questions. PL 
 Macros Intra Month Physical Calcs Fixed for Floats 
 Here is the email reminder of the curve setting process.  After you set your curves(do not hit finished file), go to the GD Pmgr tab and change the date in the left hand corner to two business days out(Friday set for Tuesday). Then go to the CurveFetch tab and place your file on automatic calc(can not hit F9).  Then hit fetch Prices button.  Prices should be brought in for current date.  Go to the AutoCurve tab and hit paste curves.  When this is done, hit finished file and the date will be updated so that I know your curves are ready to load in ERMS.  Please feel free to shout with any questions.  Thanks. PL 
 How about Eric Moulds and Kevin Faulk for Ed McCauffrey, Yancy Thigpen and Mike Cloud PL 
 Glad to hear your trip was wonderful.  Things are great hear.  We are anxiously awaiting the arrival of football season and our annual trips back to Auburn.  Where is Steve's new job?  Are you guys still planning on going to the Friday night party at Cadillac Bar.  I have to hurry and send in my money for the event.  Talk to you soon. PL 
 Give me a break...just like last year, I will finish ahead of you again. Mean machine will be PLove's bitch again this year. PL 
 what day? 
 Here is the file.  Thanks. PL 
 Please make the following changes for me please: No Vacation on Sept. 11 Change my late day from sept 12 to sept 19 schedule vacation on Sept. 18th.  Please call with any questions.  Thanks. PL 3-7376 
 Thanks Bill. PL 
 Here is the file. PL 
 I just wanted to respond to your email and let you know the thought process of the book move for Ontario.  This move was requested by the trader 10 days ago.  We notified Curtis Smith and Bill Kasemervisz the following business day last Monday - July 24th.  For future reference, please let us know exactly how much notice is required and if you think there are other groups we may have missed notifying so that this does not become a problem again. Thanks for your help. PL 
 FYI - please fix my name on you emails.  They say Phillippe Love.  Thanks. PL 
 Attached is the book request.  Could you please process as soon as possible. We are flipping Geoff Storey's book tonight to a us book(price and basis split out) and we will need an index book.  Sorry for the short notice, we were working with IT to get the conversion and just found out today that they did not set up a new index book.  Thanks for your help, and call with any questions. PL 3-7376 
 Attached is the file that I use from Storey to load his curves.  It has quite a few tabs because he uses the model to track his positions and P&L.  The tabs that should be of interest to you are the upload tab - for the curve names and the batch tab for the curve prices.  Please give me a shout with any questions. PL 3-7376 
 Kam asked that I email you guys about the FT-ONTARIO book move.  Please move the book for Price, Basis and Index from FT-ONT-CENTRAL to FT-ONTARIO.  This also encompasses splitting out the price and basis and fixing the curves in the curve table.  This needs to be done by Monday night, 7/31.  Thanks for you help and please shout with any questions. PL 
 Please take both of these amounts and add them to the synthetic storage variance section in Economics.  I have added them to my spreadsheet that I am compiling.  Thanks. PL 
 This deal is booked correctly.  The external fee, labeled exchange fee is the .145 cents per mm that we owe them for the exchange.  The confirmation letter is wrong.  The fee per Geoff Storey the trader is .145.  This is also known as a spread fee.  If you have any questions, please feel free to call 3-7376. PL 
 Looks like these are released status now.  Please let me know if you have any further questions. PL 
 Asa & Joy,  I just wanted to take a minute and thank the two of you for your generosity this past week.  My friends and I had a terrific time and everyone really enjoyed your condo.  The weather was terrific and the fish put up a formidable challenge.  We are very interested in renting the condo from you guys during the season this year.  I requested that the cleaning charges this time be put on my credit card.  Please let me know if  they charge you guys anything.  Thanks again.  We look forward to seeing you guys soon. Phillip 
 Spoke with Sheetal and she had a similar question.  We are putting our deals in TDS.  We do not have paper tickets.  I understand there is a meeting scheduled for the end of the week to discuss this issue. PL 
 Nice pic. I don't know if I would let him put his arm around my wife. PL 
 Sorry man, I am swamped today.  Doing my book and Trey's and I have a 6 p.m. flight to Utah.  I will try and get back with you today.  The offer will definitely have to get sweeter to get the 2 pick overall. PL 
 Attached is the revised model with all of your transport deals from yesterday and the farwell deal.  Please review and let me know if you agree with this. If you agree, we will unwind/kill the TAGG deals and book the spreadsheet amounts.  We are still working on the spread option and foreign exchange being included in this model.  For the foreign exchange,  I took an average exchange rate for the life of each deal for now.  Thanks. PL 
 I just added the swaps to these deals.  Sorry about that.  Thanks for letting me know. PL 
 Drew Bledsoe - $31 Panthers D - $6 49ers D - $3 Seahawks D - $3 PL 
 I wanted to let you guys know that I changed the files.  I had one deal with FT Central that was in the physical file that was financial.  I transferred the deal to Sheetal's file.  I also added the sitara numbers to the physical file.  Sorry for the mishaps. PL 
 I am game on both accounts. PL 
 Here is the revised model.  Let me know what you think. PL 
 I think we can handle going with 7 if everyone will be there.  Make sure those Texas boys commit to playing and will come back and calc like the rest of us. PL 
 yes 
 Here is the file.  We used Victor's transport model that he uses for all of the other transport deals.  The omicron volatility curve that we used was 11 - the same as other Chigate deals.  Give me a shout with any questions. PL 
 so it last week, pretty funny.  It looks like an actual commercial.  How are things going with you?  Good I hope.  When am I going to get an invite to the new pad? PL 
 here is the WACOG Delma.  Cathy could you add her to the email.  Thanks. PL 
 Matt Stover, K Bal - $26 
 I am for the normal draft - same as last year. PL 
 I am game for anything late in the day. PL 
 Please take my name off of your emails, I am no longer in the OA group. Please add me to the Ontario email - I am doing risk for that desk.  Thanks. PL 
 FYI 
 8/20 
 I am going to Austin for the day on the 8th.  Will be back early evening and all day sunday. PL 
 Absolutely hilarious.  Sorry I didn't respond yesterday, I didn't get out of here until 10 last night. PL 
 Are you sure, I got a message this morning that said FirstEnergy Trading Corp - no space.  Please advise. PL 
 Jackson Love 2/5/99 643-64-9183 PL   Ginger McCain @ ENRON                06/28/2000 03:55 PM 
 I will be there ready to bang in the post. PL 
 here is the the file. PL 
 I found a flight on delta for you for $188 and southwest has them for $215. This should show you how bad I want you to go - I am working for you.  Let me know bro. PL 
 FYI, Denver OA is being done by Greg Mausser and the economics contact is Mick Walters, not Dawn Kenne. 
 I placed the paper tickets - yellow copies in the bin on 32 Thursday afternoon.  Do you want me to place another copy in there now?  Thanks for your help. PL 
 This deal was unwound with a paper ticket.  Trader did not mean to ok the deal in EOL.  No way to kill EOL deal without booking. PL 
 Here is my breakdown for the number of 890,000:  California Energy Hub Sale  702,122 Golden Gate Purch liq(N09325.3) 2,406,375 Pacific Gas & Electric Sale Liqs  (2,231,985)  Support to follow 
 Here is the breakdown for my number of (218,102): Pacific Gas & Electric Sales liq(EV9437.C&N85666) (555,624) Pacific Gas & Electric Purch    57,040 California Energy Hub Sales variance   282,570  Greg will have to give you the backup for the other two numbers - 131,440 & 201,500  PL 
 Here is my breakdown of the December number of $1,460,000: Fin Liq N05499.7    164,300 Fin Liq N08617.3    164,300 Transport Exp     174,300 (I will bring you detail) Golden Gate Purchase Liq(N086173.1)  774,225 Pacific Gas & Electric Pur. Liq (N63900.5) (31,000) Pacific Gas & Electri Pur Liq.(EV9437.7)  217,808  I have left out the California Energy Hub actual variance, because it nets with a PG&E Energy Trading(N05499.3) variance. PL 
 bherod@enron.com and mmoscoso@enron.com.  Mike's may be incorrect, let me know if it fails. PL 
 First I have heard about a happy hour.  I am in risk management and am usually not finished calcing my books til 7 p.m.   I will most likely not make it.  Thanks for the invite. PL 
 I will be off on Friday. Thanks for the invite. PL 
 sounds good. 
 I hand delivered the resume's to Brenda and Mike. PL 
 I apologize.  The deal confirmation group down here instructed me to book these deals this way.  I am in the process of rebooking these deals as we speak.  They will be fixed within the hour. PL 
 Can you unarchive a postid for me.  The number is 773500.  Thanks. PL 
 I agree with Bryan.  Judging by the number of email's he is sending, it looks like he doesn't have enough work over there.  I am sure the Texas boys could use his help on calcing the books.  I will try and limit my smack talking next week and I think someone else needs to jam Mick's finger before next week's game, it seemed to help him free throw shooting last night. PL 
 hey fool, why don't you let me send it and get paid - I will cut you a slice.  Moscoso does the DPR, he does not do risk. PL 
 I made a copy and it is sitting in my chair, I am training someone on my old job.  My location is 3238B. PL 
 Could you please give Delma Salazar a call tomorrow and come by and set up OA Exposure and ROAR on her PC.  Please also add her to your update emails.  She should have all the required O drive access.  Her number is 3-9883.  Thanks. PL 
 WHat time are you coming to Jock's & Jill's tomorrow?  I will be there around 11 a.m.  Are you doing anything tomorrow night?  I hear the Gold club calling.  I am staying at the Holiday Inn at the Airport.  There is also a big boxing match tomorrow night - Vargas and Trinidad - should be a dandy. PL 
 FYI - I spoke with Misti Day today regarding negative orig that was flashed and booked to GD - Central.  This negative orig(revenue) is being transferred to the Central desk to cover the transportation demand charges that were incurred related to this orig.  Per Misti, this amount will come through in November and needs to be reclassed to July August adn September.  Cathy has the correct amounts on her back pages.  Please shout with any questions. PL 
 Hey what time were you meeting us up at Jock's and Jill's tomorrow?  Your brother said you won't be in till around 3 p.m.  You need to get there earlier than that if I am going to buy you a beer. PL 
 Please add Delma Salazar to all correspondence related to Operational Analysis on the Texas Desk.  Delma will be replacing me on Texas effective immediately.  I will be working with her all month to facilitate the transition.  As always, if any questions arise, please feel free to contact me at any time. PL 
 The following is the manual entries that we need booked for May production: Transport Expense to Texas Intercompany - ($1,721,448) Transport Revenue to Ed Intercompany - $1,721,448 Transport expense to Texas - Accrual ($198,000) Accrual income to Sharpe - $198,000  Please call with any questions. PL 
 You really are taking this serious...strategy?  I say the strategy should be to kick some ass. PL 
 I am available for practice.  Can I write you a check today for the $10? resend the email with the file. PL 
 I am fine with the change. PL 
 Can you guys make the following entries, they are all in the format of what Texas needs to be to be flat(+ needs to be a revenue entry): Tsf fin liquidations to Transport Book: 0002 ($31,098) 0003 ($39,525)  Increase transport Expense on Texas (Increase Revenue on Transport Book): 0003 ($112,862)  Bammell Drip line entries for 0003 GL need to be reversed per Jim Little conversation last month(net to $0): 9911 $618 9912 ($135,977) 0001 ($113,410) 0003 $248,769  3rd Party Transport on Co. 012 that should be on Texas's OA: 0003 ($72,859)  Please shout with any questions.  Thanks for your help. PL 
 Here is the revised file.  Brenda - I added the remaining producer service variances for 0003 production - the Texas guys have reviewed those variances.  Please give me a shout with any questions.  Thanks. PL 
 That deal is one deal.  My trader likes to see it broken out in two deals. You will see that one deal is priced at zero and the basis adjustment in on the other leg.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. PL 3-7376 
 Please reverse all of the entex deferral entries from 9904 production to 0002 production.  The amount on the matrix should be $456,196 in expense.  For 0003 production please make the following entries(+ is a revenue entry): Counterparty   Amount Central Power & Light  $49,256 Calpine    $(64,477) TXU    $29,382  I also need entries made for Central Power and Light for previous months(new contract year started in 9911 prod) due to PMA's in 0004 GL (positive is revenue entry): Prod Month  Amount 9911   $37,270 0001   $31,381 0002   $26,111  Please call with any questions.  Thanks. PL 
 The following are the liquidations for the transport book that are hitting the texas desk(a negative is expense that is hitting - need a revenue entry to clear): Liq #  Type  Prod Month Amount N71394.1 Physical 0002  $372,649.99 0003  $401,449.98 N78544.1 Physical 0002  $372,649.99 0003  $401,449.98 NA7655.1 Financial 0002  ($344,375) 0003  ($368,125) NA7651.1 Financial 0002  ($369,750) 0003  ($395,250)  Please call with any questions. PL 
 The following are my accomplishments for the first half of 2000: 1.  Texas variances virtually clean through FY 1999 2.  Assisted in the elimination of phase 1and created an alternative process for client services 3.  Assisted in the development and modification of the PMA report 4.  Successfully implemented teh Denver Region OA process and trained the denver office on the required procedures 5. Successfully monitored and managed the deferral accounts for several major customers on the Texas desk   Sorry this is a few days late, I hope I did not forget anything. PL 
 I small adjustment I uncovered - the Saxet adjustment of $(46,505) should be in Feb 2000 production instead of Jan 2000. PL 
 Darron is in Hawaii until next week.  I am not going to be able to go.  Sorry. PL 
 Attached are the spreadsheets you requested.  The first tab - 100 is the same sheet as the one we discussed earlier.  The second tab 60.40 is the sheet that assumes Tom only gets 40% and Sharpe gets the asset deals.  The third tab is the revised summary sheet for all months if the 60.40 split is the route we choose to go.  Please feel free to give me a call with any questions.  Thanks. PL 
 You know my stance on the jerseys.  What exactly is a leauge? PL 
 I do not remember the street unfortunately.  I know it was in Bay Forest. Sorry I am not of much help. PL 
 I will definitely pack my beanbag just in case. Since you are the only one willing to go with me to secure a good space, we will need something to pass the time besides beer. PL 
 I don't ahve it anymore.  Once he changed companies, I didn't get his new one.  I haven't even talked to him since last fall. PL 
 Attached is the file with the appropriate liquidations that should match the transport expense variance.  We are within a few thousands dollars of the variance using these calculated liquidation amounts.  They are all physical annuities in the FT-Ont-Central book.  I am getting the post ids unarchived to verify that they were in the flash financial liquidations.  Please tell me if you have these in the FT file, I have already checked Jim's intra physical and financial files for Ontario and came up empty.  My thinking(hoping) on this issue is that  the liquidations will be flashed and not captured in the GL.  Give me a shout with any questions. PL 
 Can you unarchive the following post ids for me please: 684492 703886 725784  Thanks for you help PL 
 I am fine with that.  You may have some work to do with Victor, I am sure he will be really upset losing me as his back up. PL 
 I saw this two days ago, however, I appreciate the reminder.  I will be sure to let you know next time UH loses a guy.  Have a good weekend. PL 
 Texas has the items and we are reviewing with Brenda on Tuesday and running through on Wednesday. PL 
 Per your request, attached is the hedge strip file that we use to calculate your bench every night.  On one of the tabs R2, you will find your positions and a conversion factor.  I have tied these to the benchmark groups conversion factor numbers.  Let me know if we need some of these points changed, i.e. CGPR-DAWN's conversion factor is 0.  Shout with any questions. Thanks. PL 
 How are things in Denver?  I haven't heard from you in a while and I thought I would drop you a line.  I have the picture of all of us from that mexican food restaurant off of Westheimer under my mouse pad and I was thinking about you.  How are the wedding plans going?  Good I hope.  Have you adjusted to the new living situation?  It can be tough at first, but as long as you are patient, everything works out.  That was probably the most difficult thign for us.  Have you been keeping up with the Astros?  They look absolutely horrible. They blew another 7 run lead last night.  At least the stadium is really nice, otherwise I would be very dissappointed that I got tickets.  I hope your parents are still enjoying the seats.  Talk to you soon. PL 
 That will be the first thing when we sit down - here is the card and bring on the beer winch. PL 
 Attached is the file I gave you a hadcopy of. PL 
 Please look at the financial legs of the following deals: N40405 N35074 N36198 N21701 N28260 N33351 EX6959 NB4251  Thanks.  Call with any questions. PL 
 The price is $5.40 canadian dollars as referenced on TAGG #NI7771.2.  Due to TAGG constraints, the deal had to be booked as two legs in tagg to capture the canadian price.  I left Bob a message last week and again today that teh Utilicorp price is right in sitara and tagg, the confirm should have gone out at IF Ventura + .1825.  My understanding from the conversation with Bob was that the confirm had not gone out yet, however, the trader got a phone call today that the deal got confirmed at the wrong price.  Please let me know if I can be of any further assistance. PL 
 Please see attached file.  Look at your color on the recon var tab. PL 
 Here it is, guess we are starting over on this one.  CILCO looks to be the main culprit. PL 
 count me in. PL 
 I will call EV right now. PL 
 His sister was older and she lived in New Jersey, no idea of the name. Unfortunately I was going to check on the internet for death records and any inmate records(he was a little wild).  Do you have any idea about that stuff?  Your career by the way sounds very exciting, I would like to hear more. Thanks for the efforts, I have really been wondering about this guy for a few years. PL 
 I would definitely enjoy playing black jack with you till 5 in the morning again. PL 
 FUCH - it is great to hear from you.  How did you get my address?  What have you been up to?  You won't believe it, but I am married(about 4 years) and have a son Jackson(not named after Bo) that is 15 months old.  We finally sold our old house and moved into a new one, that is about a mile south of my mom. Everything is going great for us here.  We are enjoying our new Astros ballpark, which happens to be named after my company.  Unfortunately, we are not getting any free tickets(at least the little people aren't).  Where are you living?  Are your parents still in Auburn?  How about your lovely sister?  I bet she is married with several children.  We go back to Auburn every football season for about three games, if you are ever in town, we will have to get together.  Clear Lake is having our ten year reunion this fall.  Should be fun.  I think you and I are the only two from that school to ever go to Auburn.  Talk to you soon. PLove 
 I put my stuff out there today, I will email you some pics to attach to it tonight. PL 
 Questions for Hunter: 1. What are the position limits for the traders on the central desk, maximum long or short? 2. What are the steps to evaluating a trade with a third party? 3. How does a trader set their curves?  What information/knowledge is required? 4. What information or tools, besides NYMEX, do you use to gage the market?  Carrie, that is all I can come up with right now, I will keep thinking and let you know if anything comes up. PL 
 I do not see my name anywhere? PL 
 FYI, I have no idea when I can get there due to being in risk.  Sometimes I am out of here at 5:30 and some days 9:30.  It all depends on my trader and the systems. PL 
 The following is an attempt at describing the FT-Ontario P&L for April 2000. 4/6 $196,182 Position was long July - October 2000 by a total of 340 contracts and the NYMEX was up an average of $.06 4/12 $240,146 Position was long July - October 2000  by a total of 350 contracts and the NYMEX was up an average of $.06  Please let me know if you need any additional information.  Thanks. PL 
 This one looks even better. PL   MGR DEAL STRUCTURING FEDERAL  ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: The primary function of this position will be to lead the evaluation and structuring of Federal privatization transactions. This will include managing the internal risk assessment process and drafting key contractual terms in our bid documents to achieve the closing of Federal Solutions outsourcing transactions. Lead and project-manage diverse Enron and third party human resources in multiple geographic locations involved in the analysis, structuring, pricing, negotiating and closing of complete energy outsourcing contracts for clients in Federal market sectors. Lead and become hands-on involved in the financial analysis, preparation of proposal documents, responses to Requests For Information from the Federal clients, term sheets and negotiation of business terms and definitive agreements with the customer. Insure that the commodity, energy assets, management, and finance functions have acquired accurate, in-depth customer information in order to analyze and develop effective costing for the proposed transactions. Drive value, clarity, creativity and innovation within the deal-making process. Install value in transactions that address customer needs and differentiate Enron Energy Services from competitors. As a key member of the Federal Solutions outsourcing team, this individual must contribute to the continuous improvement and simplifying of Enron's deal structuring/management process.  ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS: Undergraduate degree in finance or accounting or comparable graduate business school background. 7+ years experience working in finance/treasury/accounting functions. Significant transaction experience including internal approval and external negotiation processes. Must possess transactional savvy and a successful track record of building strong relationships and leading within all stages of the deal development process, including needs analysis, financial and technical due diligence, proposal development, customer interface and closing process. Creativity is important in the management of the deal structuring/deal management process. Person must creatively approach the outsourced deal and conceptualize new solutions which solve clients' problems. Must be a strong analytical thinker who applies this trait to effect individual tasks as well as overall process improvement. Experience with and understanding of derivative instruments, including swaps, options and the like. Extensive experience in putting together complex solutions under long term arrangements.  PREFERRED SKILLS: MBA preferred. Federal or Military contracting experience preferred. Self-starter with ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously. Strong communication skills. Previous banking/credit experience and/or CPA a plus. Person must have the confidence, presence, and communication skills to work effectively at all levels of an organization.  SPECIAL CHARACTERISTICS: Overall business knowledge is critical in order to fully realize the implications of providing outsourced energy services and the effect these services have on the economics and the day-to-day business of the Federal customers. Must see the deal through and negotiate with senior officials and contracting officers. Key performance measure will include development of profitable, internally replicable deal structures, deal closing and earnings generation, and adherence to Enron's Vision and Values.  CONTACT: To be considered for this position, do not contact the hiring manager directly, send us your resume showing clearly how your experience addresses each of the essential requirements listed. Please email to eesjobs1@enron.com as plain text in the body of the message or as a .doc or .txt attachment. Please indicate job number and title of position you desire on the email subject line. Whether emailing, faxing or mailing, Please eliminate Italics, underlining, multiple margins or side-by-side columns.   Job ID 0000103673  Department EES DEAL DEVELOPMENT  Company WHOLESALE, RETAIL & COMM ENRON ENERGY SERVICES  Location HOUSTON, TX  Type  Pay n/a  FLSA class  Manager THOMPSON,CHARLES  Recruiter LBURTON  Log n/a  Grade CS.06..M  Response NA  Relocation N  Posting date 03-MAY-00 
 take a look at this one and let me know what you think, hopefully I am on the right track with these.  I think this may be the best one I have seen so far. PL     GENERAL MGR. - PROJECT CONTROL  ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: This position will take responsibility for the Planning, Scheduling and Cost Management of all Enron Engineering and Construction Company, domestic and international projects. Will be responsible for producing accurate and timely Cost and Schedule information to Project Management and Executive Management from both the Site and Home Office Project Controls' team. Will take the lead in maintaining, upgrading or identifying new needs in the area of Project Controls' systems and procedures.  ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS: Must have 15+ years experience, covering at least two of the following business lines: 1) Power - Must have experience in power station engineering and construction, covering medium to large combustion turbines, steam turbines, steam generators, switchyards and electrical transmission systems. Knowledge of fuel and utility system design and construction including, e.g., fuel oil, LNG and steam and water treatment systems. Hydroelectric power project experience will be a plus. 2) Pipeline - Must have experience on large gas pipeline systems 12-48". 3) Must have experience in marine projects such as offshore tankers unloading facilities; breakwater design and construction; fuel unloading jetties 4) Offshore - Experience in the design, construction and refurbishment of offshore rigs for oil and gas work 5) Process - Experience in the design and construction of Petro Chemical, Hydrocarbon and industrial plant facilities.Must have possess excellent supervisory skills. Earned Value; understanding of various contract types; understanding of Project Planning, from inception to completion; knowledge of Project Execution work process; Knowledge of Estimating Systems; Knowledge of manufacturing and fabrication of Pipeline and related equipment; Familiar with Risk Analysis using Monte Carol simulations; Familiar with ISO 9000; experience with Project Analysis and Benchmarking.A Bachelors degree or equivalent in an Engineering discipline is required.  PREFERRED SKILLS: Registered Professional Engineer preferred, but not required.  SPECIAL CHARACTERISTICS: This position will report to the Vice President, Project Support Services. Some international travel will be required.  CONTACT: To submit resume for consideration, please e-mail it to eeccjobs@enron.com. Plain text in the message body or an attached Word.doc are acceptable. Please do not use columns, italics or underlines. If you are unable to e-mail, fax your resume to (713) 345-6200 attn: 3AC712A, Houston, TX 77002. Please mention requisition # 0000103105 in your resume or cover letter. No telephone calls or personal visits please. All resumes will be kept strictly confidential. Enron is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer, and subscribes to a drug-free and smoke-free workplace.   Job ID 0000103105  Department VP - PROJECT MANAGEMENT SUPPORT  Company GLOBAL FUNCTIONS EECC  Location HOUSTON, TX  Type  Pay n/a  FLSA class  Manager CLAY III,EDWARD  Recruiter DBATISTA  Log n/a  Grade EM.06..M  Response NA  Relocation Y  Posting date 05-MAY-00 
 Here is the spreadsheet we discussed.  Please call with any questions. PL 
 So am I.  I heard through the grapevine that we will be heading out to Ditka's for your birthday on Thursday?  I also heard rumors that they may be closing that casino down.  I hope it is not before Jazz Fest. PL 
 LTC Dowling, I will do everything I can to get you to Houston, for selfish reasons.  I know if you move here, there is a good chance my Dad will follow you.  Thanks for the info and if you see a position on the website that I miss, just let me know and I will get your resume down there.  Have a good weekend. Phillip 
 I have forwarded these to Greg Mausser.  He is the new OA person for west and denver.  Please send west to him.  Keep sending Texas to me for the time being.  Thanks. PL 
 Thanks. PL 
 Thanks.  You are like superwoman...If he was there I  can find him..  I know he was there because I went up and visited a few times my freshman year during breaks. PL 
 Attached are the fred files for the requested months.  I have to revise the 0002 column on the summary schedule.  I lumped everything by mistake into the FT adjustment column.  We have to have 2 of the liquidations tsf to Transport.  On this one, look at the recon variances tab and answer my questions.  On 9911 look at the AVAR tab.  The deals highlighted in brown is the one that gas accounting - Jim Little should be reviewing.  On 9909 look at the AVAR tab and the three deals highlighted in yellow.  You will notice some of the same deal numbers here.  Let me know what you think. PL 
 His name was Keith Corbo.  He graduated with us and went to Texas A&M.  He was is a fraternity Beta Theta Pi.  He dropped out and moved to Florida and worked at a bar(his dad had moved their).  The last time I talked to him was when he was in Florida in 1992 or 1993.  I can not find him anywhere.  He would definitely be in our senior year book.  I will try and put something out there today and I will get some pictures to send as well. PL 
 This email had my email address on it.  do you need me to respond to something or were you just forwarding my address? PL 
 Can I have about six boxes.  Thanks. PL 
 You are not resposible for $10 because you have been an alternate this season. PL 
 There appears to be about 7 people that are not going to make it, leaving us about 5 people.  Therefore, as we agreed several seasons ago, every body needs to drop ten bucks in the kitty for the forfeit deposit. PL 
 As of now, the games are on 6:30 & 7:30.  I have to call back between 3-4 today.  Please let me know if you are able to play, we may be short tonight. PL 
 CPU # is 990218 PL 
 I forgot one deferral that came through as a PMA in 0003 GL.  Please defer $18,933 in expense(revenue entry) for Southern Union, production month 9911. Shout with any questions.  Thanks. PL 
 plove  Thanks. PL 
 Sounds like the coast guard found your boat and took your stash.  Sorry to hear that. PL http://www.cnn.com/2001/US/05/14/cocaine.seizure.txt/index.html 
 No, we go January 6-13th.  I can not wait.  It has been two years since we have gone. PL 
 Please grant me access to the rac website.  I am the manager for the central region - natural gas.  I need access to activate and inactivate and view all central books.  Please give me a call with any questions.  Thanks for your help. PL 3-7376 
 that operational analysis form you have is mine.  If you would drop that in intercompany mail, that would be great.  My address is 3264B.  Thanks. PL 
 thanks for your help.  How are things going?  Great I hope. PL 
 FYI. PL 
 here is the most current file. PL 
 not interested in paying relocation or travel expenses.  We have some good candidates coming in and I am pleased with the resumes you have been sending. PL 
 They are pretty well known here and are pretty expensive.  Their store is in a very nice area of houston.  Should be ok. PL 
 same thing with the Reliant energy lone liq from january - QI7044, this is related to sitara #549377. there should be no liq. var.  shout with any questions. PL 
 the variances you have listed in january for lone liquidations for NNG - QN8046 - this is a storage deal and should go with sitara #588958 and QO0171 should go with 590922.  We will have the same thing in February going the other way with these deals the sitara numbers there are 588959 & 591053 respectively.  Shout with any questions.  This should explain about 900,000 of the lone liquidation problem from January. PL 
 thanks. PL 
 How are things going with you?  Great I hope.  My mom wanted me to pass this on to you and see if you guys might have anywhere for him to fit. She says hello and feel free to contact her  at the email address below or 281-283-3196.  I am also going to try and get this kid an interview in my group.  Talk to you soon. PL 
 sounds good to me.  we have our staff mtg. @ 9:30 every tuesday, so errol and I may be a few minutes late. PL 
 sounds good.  I also left my Majerle's shirt on the sofa for mom to take with her.  meant to tell you that last night. PL 
 Here is the most updated file. PL 
 FYI, The system is now open and you should have recieved an email regarding access.  You need to select 5 people to review you.  Please select people from different groups and I would suggest putting your trader on the list. Also, please send me a list of accomplishments for this six months.  This will help me in drafting my review to help represent you in the review meetings.  If you were not an enron employee on 1/1/2001, you will not be ranked with other members or your job classification, but you will still recieve a review.  Please shout with any questions.  Don't forget the deadlines from the original email. PL 
 I got it.  The street works both ways brother. PL 
 Your brother sold those tickets for me, so sorry, they are gone.  Hey, I am meeting them in Atlanta and the Jocks adn Jills sports bar in CNN Center before the game.  Please come join us.  I will arrive about 11:30 a.m.  Talk to you soon.  WAR DAMN EAGLE!! PL 
 fixed. PL 
 here is cgpr, also please email this group below - publications@enerdata.com and get them to send this to you and I directly.  Thanks. PL 
 Thought you might enjoy poking some fun at plove's hometown. PL 
 Just wanted to remind everyone, party at my house on May 19th starting around 4 p.n., probably eat around 6-6:30.  I am going to write out a map shortly and hand it out.  Please let me know if you can not attend and if you prefer any beer preferences(will have plenty of non alcoholic and wine and booze for PRyder).  Don't forget to bring your dates so my wife has someone to talk to.  Let me know if dogs or cats bother you so I can put them out(especially the damn cats). PL 
 Please schedule Robert Cummings for an interview.  Darron Giron, Kam Keiser, Dame Baumbach and I need to interview him and we would like to do those two at a time.  Thanks. PL 
 Would you also please set this person up for an interview as well.  Thanks. PL 
 Please schedule this candidate for an interview.  Same interview set up as always. Thanks. PL 
 I did not have a yes/no button on your email.  I am not interested.  Thanks. PL 
 reply to this so I can also add you to my address book. PL 
 Way to go guys, keep it up. PL 
 I had a little bird put a word in my ear.  Is there any possibility for Ben Raimer to be Bush's secretary of HHS?  Just curious about that infamous UTMB rumor mill.  Hope things are well, happy holidays. PL 
 Would you rather leave early every day and be over there by yourself, or work late a few days with good friends????  You tell me. PL 
 ANR/ML7-GDM PL 
 I will forward it on and see what I can do, we really like kids straight out of school...they are green and uncorrupted by the working world..Plus we can work them like dogs. PL 
 yes PL 
 ANR/Mainline 7 
 anytime in the morning. PL 
 this is done PL 
 FYI - use this document if any of our traders get hit or hit a product by mistake. PL 
 Too late....we had it for dinner last night.  Matter of fact, I think I saw the maids packing up the leftovers this morning and heading your way.  Enjoy. PL 
 FYI , looks like you did not receive this. PL 
 FYI - please officialize your books every night. PL 
 All of these deals had their facilities changed by logistics on the last two days.  I have reiterated to Lisa Kinsey the importance of her group letting us know when they make a change in facility.  All of these were physical basis trades, so they came at contract - the desk price difference is not more than .04 on any of the deals.  OA therefore should be minimal. PL 
 Please put a posting out there for me as well.  Thanks. PL 
 I will be out of the office, thanks for the offer. PL 
 Thanks(especially for highlighting a row for me.) PL 
 The address is as follows: Auburn University Foundation c/o Sam Hendrix 317 South College Auburn University, AL 36849  I will write the check to UHCL next week. PL 
 FYI, make these changes. PL 
 I am available. PL 
 Please read below, it looks as though we have about 4 curves on this list. If you set this curve, please fill out the form attached below.  Shout with any questions - due date is Thursday a.m. PL 
 unable to access approval website via link.  Please advise - I want to approve both requests that were sent to me for Sladana Kulic PL 3-7376 
 are you still planning on coming down this weekend?  Let me know, so we can exchange numbers.  Check out the site I attached, looks like the lineup has improved. PL http://www.insideneworleans.com/partners/nojazzfest/schedules/april27_cube.htm l 
 The barbque(Chuck that is texas slang for meat cooked on a grill) will be at my house on the 19th of may.  Please bring spouse's, significant others, whatever.  How does 4 p.m. sound?  Please let me know if you plan on attending.  I will send a map and directions next week. PL 
 Glenda, Hope everything is going well for you guys.  I just wanted to take a minute and thank you for the easter  gift you sent Jackson.  It was very thoughtful.  He has enjoyed coloring the book and everything else he can get his hands on.  He also ate all of the chocolate as fast as he could.  He is getting really big and really independent.  We are headed to Jazz fest this weekend in New Orleans, I am sure he will really enjoy it this year.  Take care and we will talk to you soon.  Thanks again. Love, Jackson, Ashley & Phillip 
 Here is the most current orig file. PL 
 here it is. PL 
 My suggestion for improving the process within the risk group is to do a better job of verifying all term deals are coming to the cash desk at mid.  I believe a large improvement can be made in the settlements area.  The forms are not accurate, the entire support is not attached and the form they are usign does not properly divide the variance between the three possible areas causing a variance, desk price, UA4, firm volumes. PL 
 I still have two tickets.  Let me know soon. PL 
 what about some "treatments" at one of those spas?  or dinner for two at ruggles? PL 
 FT-CENT.  Thanks. PL 
 here it is - thanks. Joe Parks and KRusicitti are changed. PL 
 Dawn said I need to email you with eol id changes. We have two traders on the central desk who are changing book names effective sunday.  Kruscitti needs his log in -ADM96645 moved from Ft-int-cen-mkt to ft-cent.  Joe Parks needs his id - ADM13230 moved from ft-intra-gulf2.  Please shout with any questions or if you need additional information.  Sorry for the short notice, I just found out. PL 3-7376 
 gdp-nng/vent 
 gdp-anr/ok...notice a trend here. PL 
 If-anr/ok 
 I wanted to ask a favor.  Would you mind reminding your group to please let us know when they change a pipe or trading zone or add a location to a deal in sitara.  If we do not catch this change, the trader will be getting the deal at contract instead of mid, because the swap does not automatically update when you change the physical deal.  If the change is simply a meter, that will not effect the pricing of the deal.  Thanks for your help. PL 
 screw you.  This must have been created by one of your fellow engineers.  You guys just have a bad case of penis envy.  Ha Ha PL 
 this is the website for signing up for classes.  You need to have your user name and password.  If you do not have this from the original email, try contacting the development center at x30357 PL 
 not sure if you guys saw this. PL  Muse: Bowden 'panicked' after Lowder told him his job in jeopardy The Associated Press 3/18/2001 MONTGOMERY, Ala. (AP) -- When Auburn's football fortunes took a turn for the worse in 1998, trustee Bobby Lowder told coach Terry Bowden that he would not be retained after the season, former university President William Muse said. When Bowden resigned on the eve of a game that fall, he said he was essentially fired. "Basically, Mr. Lowder told him he would not be around come the end of the season, and coach Bowden basically, in my opinion, panicked when he was told that and came and negotiated out of his contract," Muse said. More Auburn football | Talkin' Tigers Forum Muse said Lowder did not consult with him before speaking to Bowden, whose team was off to a 1-5 start. Bowden said Thursday that Lowder actually did not speak directly to him, but went through athletic director David Housel. "That's how David and I worked," Bowden said Tuesday in a telephone interview from his Orlando home. "We would meet and he would tell me what Lowder wanted me to do. I felt like I could do everything I could do and it wouldn't be enough (to save his job)." Muse made his comments to faculty members March 15. A transcript of the meeting was made public Tuesday by Auburn officials. Muse said he was unable to reach Bowden until "the wee hours of the morning," then told him that Lowder didn't have the authority to fire him and "urged him to stay until the end of the season." Muse said that was "the most celebrated case" of Lowder taking such a direct role in athletic decisions, but "there are many others." Bowden often commented that "Mr. Lowder hired me" and that the coach had "regular contact" with the powerful trustee, Muse said. Bowden said he spoke with Lowder "weekly, if not daily" during his first two or three seasons, but "never felt it was a situation that he would tell me something and that I should do it." Muse said Lowder did not hand-pick the coach. He said an eight-member search committee, including Lowder, voted unanimously to offer Bowden the job in 1993. "Let's just say I would not have been hired if Bobby Lowder had not wanted me hired," said Bowden, now a television commentator with ABC. "There's no doubt about it. Bobby Lowder controlled the committee that hired me at Auburn." Both Lowder and Housel have denied Bowden's contention that he was told his coaching fate was all but sealed. They also denied that Lowder was pulling the strings on that decision. Bowden "always believed ... that the only way he got that job was because of Lowder's influence," Muse said. "So he believed very strongly that he had to maintain that relationship." Muse said that relationship began to sour when Bowden fired longtime defensive coordinator Wayne Hall. Muse also said he is not sure what Lowder's relationship is with Bowden's successor, Tommy Tuberville, but that he believes basketball coach Cliff Ellis has "very, very frequent contact" with the Montgomery banker. Lowder was out of town and did not immediately return a call for comment. Earlier Tuesday he said in a statement issued by Auburn that the trustees' athletic panel he chairs will continue to provide "support and input" to the president and athletic director and that it's time to focus on positive accomplishments and "stop bickering." 
 We will have a group class on OA tomorrow around 9:00 am in EB3268.  THis is an effort to get you guys up to speed on OA so you can review forms and I can take 3 hour lunches.  See you there. PL 
 I am looking at having a party at my house for the group.  Let me know asap which date is better for you guys.  I want to do it asap before it gets to hot, so we can cook outside.  Here are the two dates I have in mind Sat. May 5th(cinco de mayo) or Sat. May 19th.  Let me know guys.  Thanks. PL 
 FYI - wanted to let you guys know about a few things: 1.  There is a central desk vacation calendar on my desk by the sun machine - it is a little black date book.  Please put any future requests in there so that we can keep track of who needs off when.  I would like to try and keep from having more than 3 people out at a time. 2.  Physical gas daily options - when booking these, please be very careful. These need to have daily swaps on them in sitara as opposed to monthly swaps.  This will insure that the physical deal comes to the physical trader at gas daily as opposed to mid.  This is very important to avoid OA variances. 3.  When booking deals in sitara, please look at your swaps when they are created to verify that they are coming at the right mid/gd price.  This is important because we have so many deals that are booked to new mids and I notice last night on a gd option, that the swap did not come at the correct gd curve. 4.  I am going to set up a mtg. for friday or monday to discuss OA, the process and how to prepare forms. 5.  Please take advantage of time that you can spend with your traders.  All the traders have expressed their approval for each of their book admins to spend a morning watching them trade to better understand why they take the positions that they do.  The only request I have had is that we sit there quietly and observe and ask questions after trading.  Please utilize this opportunity to build a relationship with your traders - this is good for career development. 6. I will try and set up individual meetings with each of you to go over your training plans.  Please shout with any questions. PL 
 Central, sithe and aruba are there now. sorry. PL 
 here is your payback.  Martin, Bruce's trader-made fun of his haircut last week - woody woodpecker.  Steno over here for him and play it. PL 
 all kidding aside.  start sending me email links to job sites or papers in denver. PL 
 Here is the most current schedule.  Shout with any questions.Thanks.  PL 
 FYI - not sure if anyone ahs been putting vacation time in on a time sheet. I got a report and most everyone's was blank.  If you believe this to be an error, see me and I will show you the list.  I am not calling anyone out for cheating on their vacation, it is on an honor system with me.  I draw your attention to this matter because we always seem to have a problem at the end of the year with people having a bunch of vacation and only being able to carry over 40 hrs.  Please make sure to plan on taking at least all but 40 hrs of yours so we do not run into issues at year end.  I have attached the site for your time sheets.  You will need your P# and password to access, contact security if you do not have either.  If you need help filling this out, let me know.  I think we are supposed to fill out a time sheet every two weeks, but I only fill mine out when I take vacation.  Thanks.  https://ehronline.enron.com/ PL 
 Dawn, thanks for putting this information in the paper.  Hopefully a student from Haleyville that goes to Auburn in the future can apply for the scholarship.  A scholarship in memory of Dr. W.H. Burgess has been set up at the school of Veterinary Medicine at Auburn University.  The scholarship has been ear marked for students that are in need of financial assistance and have an interest in the area of large animal practice, an area in which Dr. Burgess dedicated much of his professional life in Haleyville, Alabama where he practiced for 35 years.  If you would like to make contributions to the scholarship in his name, you can do so as follows: Auburn University Foundation c/o Sam Hendrix 317 South College Street Auburn University, AL 36849  Please make checks payable to the Auburn University Foundation Any contributions are fully tax deductible Any questions, please contact Dr. Burgess' grandson Phillip Love 281-486-7026  Please feel free to modify this in any way.  Thanks for your assistance. PL 
 I was sending you the weather for New Orleans - Partly cloudy starting thursday. PL 
 done. PL 
 so far so good.            New Orleans, LA          Tuesday, April 17, at 7:37 AM Central Daylight Time (Tuesday 8:37 AM EDT)       Hi?(oF)  Lo?(oF)          Today Apr 17    Windy  ? 67?oF  ? 46?oF     UV Index:?10?High              Wed Apr 18    Sunny  ? 68?oF  ? 47?oF     UV Index:?10?High              Thu Apr 19    Partly Cloudy  ? 73?oF  ? 56?oF     UV Index:?10?High              Fri Apr 20    Partly Cloudy  ? 79?oF  ? 64?oF     UV Index:?10?High              Sat Apr 21    Partly Cloudy  ? 82?oF  ? 66?oF     UV Index:?9?High              Sun Apr 22    Mostly Cloudy  ? 83?oF  ? 66?oF     UV Index:?9?High              Mon Apr 23    Mostly Cloudy  ? 83?oF  ? 68?oF     UV Index:?7?High              Tue Apr 24    Partly cloudy  ? 77?oF  ? 65?oF     UV Index:?10?High              Wed Apr 25    Partly cloudy  ? 77?oF  ? 65?oF     UV Index:?10?High              Thu Apr 26    Partly cloudy  ? 77?oF  ? 65?oF     UV Index:?10?High       PL 
 I will leave steve's situation for him to describe.  Needless to say as far as I am concerned he wasn't leaving with anybody but me.  I ran into your dad at the post office last night.  He was standing next to the mail slot crying.  It would be nice to live in Denver, just have to find a good job so that I can afford housing. PL 
 The tagg number for the january piece is QP7914.  This deal was put in after the fact - Feb.  so, we will have a variance in January that should be offset in February.  This is due to the information not getting to us in time to change the customer price in Sitara before we flashed Jan.  The sitara number that this all relates to is 543246.  Shout with any questions.  Thanks. PL 
 Thanks for having us over.  We had a really good time.  It was great seeing you guys.  Drew is a really good kid.  We will have to make our way to Denver soon.  Take care. PL 
 have a good weekend. we have tomorrow off and I am headed to a bachelor party....yee ha PL 
 I did get the tickets in.  Don't worry about a check, just give me the money in NO.  I am totally siked.  Been a long couple of weeks and looking forward to hitting the fest early with my road dog to play some hacky and drink some beer before the crowd joins us. PL 
 Does that mean you are in like swimwear? PL 
 That boy's heed is like sputnik.  It should have its own weather system...That was cruel...he will probably cry himself to sleep tonight...on his huge pillow. 
 speaking of ethics, what is up with the Brooke situation? PL 
 I will need a replacement for Chuck unless I get another trading track person.  I will also need a replacement for Ben Pham, for which Dave(bench) will also need a replacement. PL 
 Thanks for the invite.  We are going to JasonTidwell's wededding in Galveston Saturday - it starts at 6 p.m.  We are not planning on staying too long and should be back in Clear Lake before 8 p.m.  We will go pick up Jackson and shoot over if that is ok.  Who bought the house?  I hate to hear that they are leaving so soon.  When does your dad have to go back to the middle east?  I do not care if what you guys have to drink, thanks for thinking of me with the no bud products.  When do you guys get in?  I am off tomorrow, so give me a call at the house. See you soon.  Looking forward to seeing you guys. PL 
 I think they should go together. PL 
 I think that the deal it should go with is 516942.  Thanks. PL 
 1. Understanding VaR 2. Curve Mapping 3. Macros 4. Operationa Analysis 5. Options 6. The Greeks  If I think of some more, I will let you know.  Thanks for getting this together. PL 
 looks fine. PL 
 I just got Robin Zivic's info.  rzivic is her log on. PL 
 I am not officializing 1091026 because we ran two basis calcs for the last= =20 day and we officialized the other one and it has the same value - that post= =20 id is 1091034.  Also, FT-Ontario's book admin is now Patrick Ryder, Market= =20 Mich is Jad Doan and FT Intra Ontario is Chuck Ames.  Please shout with=20 anymore questions.  Thanks. PL 
 I just tested loading yesterday and it worked.  I will start with tonight's info.  Sorry about that. PL 
 unfortunately I am busy as usual.  Looking forward to the long weekend to get some much needed rest.  It seems like it is always something up here.  Any plans for easter?  How are things with you?  Baby doing good?  Take care. PL 
 ANR Mainline 7 - no meter to be assigned, schedulers have to call CP's on a deal by deal basis and determine meter. Thanks. PL 
 Attached is a file that includes the tagg # for the liquidation in question below.  Hope this helps. PL 
 I am going with Wachsler  tomorrow, so maybe we can hook up and have a beer. Darron has my cell number 713-819-0765. PL 
 what's up?  I hear you have a girlfriend in Houston and are here all the time, yet I never hear from you?  Seems you enjoy Darron's company better than mine. PL 
 good luck.   I would also suggest having a fire extinguisher handy as well. You can also always say the turkey is a Texas tradition - blackened.  Deer Valley is in Utah - 45 minutes outside Salt Lake City.  I got airfair from Houston for 200 per person.  Have a happy turkey day. PL 
 I will double check with Patrice in the a.m.  Thanks. PL 
 I heard about this last week, pretty nasty. PL 
 I heard about this last week...pretty nasty PL 
 attached is my file.  Robin Zivic is on vacation, so I will get you her information next week.  Thanks.  I have Win 2000 PL 
 Can you set up mids for the following locations please: APLP - Intramonth curve - Alliance, GD curve GDP-Alliance NIPS - intramonth curve- NGI/CHI./NIPSCO, GD Curve GDC-CHI./NIPSCO Thanks. PL 
 no worries.  How is the week going?  Good I hope.  I just interviewed a guy from Auburn and hopefully got him a job.  We will see. PL 
 that was the one, oh well. PL 
 I just don't want you getting me worked up when there is nothing I can do about it now. PL 
 pretty funny.  Hey - we just got upgraded to Windows 2000(sucks) and I lost the screen saver you sent me, do you still have that file? PL 
 Here is the file.  Sorry it is a day late - teh price desk had some errors in teh file adn I was waiting for them to correct the deals.  Thanks. PL 
 The location is NBPL/Ventura TP/08NBPL Ventura Transfer PT PL 
 thanks for all of your help, it looks like we have found someone internal to the group to fill the need.  I will keep talking with Monica in Portland for July rotation.  Thanks again. PL 
 I got converted to Windows 2000 yesterday, so I believe I need a new file. Is that correct? PL 
 Can you give me a list of the deals that we have currently on APLP  and NIPS - they will both be in the Market CG book.  Patrice is wanting to move these deals to a new curve and we are trying to get a handle on the number of deals that will be effected.  This will be effective for april out.  Thanks. PL 
 deadline 7 a.m. tomorrow morning.  Send to Eric Groves PL 
 Your lucky those cans didn't explode and get all over your clothes huh? Thanks again, it actually tastes pretty good, but you know my criteria for beer - cold.  I was just giving you a hard time about the name, that is reason #4761 why it is good to be a man.  Ashley did the same thing with the middle name, that way you keep some of your family.  We finally got some cold weather here.  I know you guys just got back from a vacation, but were wondering if you might like to join us for a skiing trip to Deer Valley.  We are going Jan 6 - 13th.  The accomodations are paid for, you would just have lift tickets and airfare.  We are staying in a ski in and ski out condo, so we are going to do some grocery shopping and cook.  Jason Tidwell and his girlfriend are coming in on the 6th and leaving on the 9th, so if you want to come in half time, that is cool too.  Just let us know. Talk to you soon. PL 
 deadline 7 a.m. tomorrow morning.  Eric Groves is running it. PL 
 7 a.m. deadline tomorrow. PL 
 money and entry due by 7 a.m. tomorrow. PL 
 Attached is the final standings for the pool.  Please verify your score.  We had a little drama for second place, Chuck won the tie breaker due to a total of 158 versus Wolfie's 145(total score was 154).  Special congratulations to Matt Lenhart for bringing up the rear(nice pick on the last game too).  Hope to see you guys next year. PL 
 sorry it took so long - this is done. PL 
 we do not get deal tickets from the desk for transportation on a regular basis - very sporadic. PL 
 FYI - keep an eye out for these. PL 
 How are things going?  Good I hope.  Give me a call when you get a chance I need to see about getting your phone number so that I can have you cut my mom's grass.  She is in need of a new lawncare service.  You ought to have your number listed so we can get a hold of you.  Thanks. PL 713-853-7376(o) 281-486-7026(h) 
 I apologize for not including the following curve in the original list: GDP-Iroquois - $5.80  It looks like all the other ones are done, is that correct? Thanks again. PL 
 Going with the old hyphen huh???  How corporate of you.  Hey, we got the beer.  Thanks alot.  Did customs give you a hard time for bringing a bunch of booze back?  Talk to you soon. PL 
 I meant to email you over the weekend to let you know it was on it's way. Just be sure to fill out the matching gifts form.  Please let me know if there is any hold up on that.  Looks like we will not make it back to Auburn until the fall for football season.  I will give you a call a few weeks before we come in to set up a tour of the raptor center/vet school.  Thanks again for your help in completing this special occasion for my family.  Talk to you soon. PL 
 Attached is a file listing all of the curves we had that posted as 0 price for 3/31/01.  We need these pub posted as the same price as the 30th - prices are included in this file.  We need these pub posted ASAP so that we can flash march detail.  Risk does not have authorization to override an existing pub posting, this is why we need your help.  If you have any questions, please give me a shout.  Thanks for your help. PL 3-7376 
 got it. PL 
 I think you guys are doing a great job and are very timely in the requests we submit.  The only area I see for improvement is better follow up on access requests to the systems.  I am very happy with reim requests and general assistance you provide.  Thanks. PL 
 here is the file from last night. PL 
 Please change the book coding on this log in to FT-Peoples.  Thanks. PL 
 IF ANR/OK 
 Do you want to go over to the game in two weeks?  I got four tickets - 2 for your brother and 1 for me.  Ashley is staying home.  Let me know. PL 
 Can you set up a mid for all deals at a location of NBPL/Peoples and PGLC/NBPL.  The intramonth curve Chi./N/Border and the gas daily curve is GDC-Chi./N/Bord.  Can you tell me how many deals are currently in the system for these two locations.  Sorry to rush you, but I need these in for calcing tonight.  Thanks. PL 3-7376 
 The information you needed for 1100, roughly 310K, should be a firm book variance as well on the other side.  Portfolio accounting should have a variance that offsets this(hopefully we have not already taken it, I will look).  This means you will not have any actuals on it for FRED.  I will start looking for dec info you just requested. PL 
 Here is the file from last night.  Shout with any questions.  Thanks. PL 3-7376 
 Flip these asap. PL 
 I have another sitara request for someone that shows as pending to them, but is not on my list to approve.  This is for Maria Garza.  Please grant the access requested in this number.  Thanks.  any questions 3-7376 PL 
 I have previously approved this request for chuck ames.  It appears this request is in limbo somewhere in the system.  Please grant him access per this request for Sitara.  Should you have any questions or need further assistance, please give me a call 3-7376. PL 
 Here is the file updated with orig through 3/27/01.  Please let me know if you do not want to continue to get this email each day we have granted orig. Thanks. PL 
 I have been meaning to email you all day.  I  have been extremely busy as wel.  I am sorry to hear that.  Ashley and I were looking forward to going out to dinner with you guys on Saturday.  Maybe we will call your folks and see if they would like to go out for your dad's bday.  I will have to give him a call tomorrow to wish him happy birthday.  Do you have his number at work or an email at work?  Thanks.  We look forward to seeing you soon.  Take care. PL 
 http://espn.go.com/nfl/news/2001/0327/1162799.html 
 FYI 
 Please see below.  Thanks for your help. PL 
 Would you mind setting this guy up for us to interview ASAP.  Darron, Kam, Dave, Errol and myself.  Thanks. PL 
 Thanks for your help great one. PL 
 Don't worry about it, it is too late in the day anyway and he leaves the office around 4 - 4:30 PL 
 Happy Birthday old man.  I am not sure if my voice mail will make it to you(I got some weird instructions), so I thought I would cover my bases.  I have been real busy at work and did not mail your gift until Friday.  It will be a few days late - sorry.  Hope you enjoyed your bachelor time this weekend. Can't beat peace and quiet.  Talk to you soon. PL 
 We can always count on you to at least give us one on the error report. PL 
 What is going on man?  Any more news on the dilemma we discussed a few weeks ago?  Just curios.  Hope things are going good for you. PL 1-800-97- ENRON Ext 3-7376 
 No changes for me - Sithe. PL 
 Attached is the updated scores.  Please check your scores to verify accuracy.  As the scores stand now, Joey will win no matter what and the second place race is between Chuck and Wolfe.  If Arizona loses, Wolfe takes second and if Arizona wins, it goes to the tiebreaker.  The rest of us are out of it.  If you have 0 all the way out, it means you do not have any teams remaining.  By the way - nice score Lenhart(we will see if we can get you a charitable deduction for your $10). PL 
 FYI, it may be wise to run a few of your macros from Jeff's machine.  I would just see if it runs and close without saving. PL 
 Thanks again for your help.  Everything looks good. PL 
 FYI 
 yeah, he finally apologized and it is water under the  bridge.  We usually have a heated disagreement once a year.  Talk to you soon. PL 
 What's up in the hood?  It sounds like you guys live in Compton instead of San Diego?  Make sure Emma starts packing when she starts kindergarten.  If she is strapped, she can shoot back at these SOBs.  Yet another reason Texas is better than Cali - we all have guns so no one shoots up schools because they know someone else has got heat and might put a cap in their ass.  Do you guys want me to order you Jazz Fest tickets when I order ours?  I am putting in an order for alot of people because if I mail order them it only costs $3 total as opposed to ticket master's $3 fee per ticket.  Since I am ordering ours this way, I can order everyone's and they only pay the ticket price(I eat the $3 because I am doing ours this way anyway).  The tickets are $15 through the mail per day as opposed to $20 at the gate and $18 through ticketmaster.  Let me know.  I am ordering all three days for ashley and I hoping we go all three days. PL 
 Do you know the names of some good jazz clubs in Chicago?  I figure you spend so much time there you can reccomend a few to me.  I have a coworker going up there next month and it is their first time to chicago.  I gave them Etta James Place to go on rush and on the south side.  Can you think of any other?  Thanks. PL 
 We have made some slight changes to the orig schedule and may make a few more per Laura Luce, the director that is over all of the orig teams.  It is vitally important that we do two things with this file now.  We must fill in all columns on the first tab - orig schedule and we must put all orig deals in the schedule - even if no orig is granted.  THis policy is in effect starting today.  Shout with any questions. PL 
 sorry for taking so long, it has been a very busy week.  Where are you sitting these days?  I am still on 32.  Talk to you soon. PL 
 Please give me a call when you get a chance to discuss the schedule I sent earlier.  Sylvia gave me some information she thought you might want in the schedule.  Thanks. PL 3-7376 
 Thanks anyway.  I have some information that Darron kept on Cilco, I am still having trouble finding any deals for 98 that can show me we definitely did or did not flash these deals wrong.  I am going to keep working on it. PL 
 Per Laura's request, we have modified the orig schedule for Central.  I have attached the revised schedule.  Please note the following changes - on the 1st tab - orig schedule, we added a column for deal value before origination was granted.  We will populate this field for all new deals as of yesterday. The other changes are the second tab.  The second tab provides a summary by originator of the total deals originated and total value originated.  We will update both schedules in the future for all deals originated whether value was originated or not.  We will then email this schedule to the three of you every time the schedule changes.  If you would prefer a hard copy, please let me know.  If there are any other changes or modifications you would like to see, please let me know.  Thanks. PL 
 it is now done. PL 
 Please run a forwards detail on your books and email me if you have any value for these counterparties as of 12/29/01.  Jad we will do yours together. Thanks. PL 
 Price is changed.  Geoff Storey did not want to argue with counterparty. PL 
 sounds good to me to tsf. PL 
 Where are these being transferred from?  I only have the december forms. PL 
 FYI 
 Here are the physical postids for all books on the central desk Midcon North 1075816 1075821 Midcon South 1075817 1075822 Peoples 868544 1076750 Sithe 1075694 1075695 Central Gulf 1075088 1075090 Gulf NGPL 1075087 1075089 Mkt Mich 1075612 1075613 Mkt CG 1075844 1075845 IM- Ontario 1075194 1075195 1075196 Central Transport 1075204 1075205  If you need anything else, let me know.  Thanks PL 
 I opened the file I sent you and it was filled out. I will try again, let me know if you still have it as blank. PL 
 What email are you talking about?  I don't recall being ugly at all to you. Please paraphrase want ticked you off.  Things are going great, unfortunately still working too much, but just got back from Vegas with some extra cash.  How is the baby?  PL 
 I have you as paid.  There are two sheets on the file, when I sorted by score I did not highlight the paid column.  Only the people's name on the email owe money.  I will add Rob Fuller to the list. PL 
 here is the file you requested.  Thanks for your help. PL 
 We will be here for Easter.  I am off work on that good friday, it is a nymex holiday, so we can hang out.  Give me a shout.  Looking forward to it.  Did Jason go to Vegas this weekend?  I thought you had said he was going.  I had a blast, won about $650.  Talk to you soon. PL 
 I hope you know I am sending these to you in jest.  I think it is funny.  In all seriousness, good luck this weekend.  Even with your record, I am nervous. PL 
 What about toomer's corner after an Auburn victory? 
 This is absolutely hilarious.  We checked it out on Nike's website and it appears to be legitimate. PL 
 Sorry it has taken so long to get the scores out.  After 4 days in Vegas, please check your scores - I am still in a daze.  Kansas - please forward attachment to your friend Kris, Denver forward to Josh Stevens and John Swinney please forward to Rob Fullen.  Here are the list of people I still need money from: Josh Stevens Denver Plachy Jimmy Simien Eric Bass Flannigan Jason Wolfe  Money must be to me by COB Wednesday or your entry is forfeited(if your score is bad and you do not pay I will not put you in any pool in the future).  Right now the pot is $410(assuming everyone pays) so the break down is $307.50 and $102.50 for first and second respectively.  The following people need to give me a tiebreaker number for the final game by COB Today(total score for final game): Jason Wolfe Denver Plachy Scott Earnest Chad South Doug Friedman John Nowlan Lee Jackson John Swinney Rob Fullen Josh Stevens  If I do not get a tiebreaker from you and you tie for first, you will automatically get second and if you tie for second you are out of the money.  Again, please verify your score and let me know of any discrepancies - 1 pt. first round victory, 2 pts. second round victory and upset gets seed differential.  Thanks everyone for playing. PL 3-7376 
 We got them, the guy next to me was collecting and found them, I will send out an email later this morning with the scores. PL 
 demand charge for #444771. PL 
 FYI- We need to be more careful with which of the two curves above we use for physical deals.  We have had some substantial OA for Jan 01 production because the basis curves for these two locations were .30 different.  Usually these are less than .05 different.  If you have a physical mich physical it should be Mich_cg-gd in tagg(which is michigan consolidated pipe in sitara), if it is consumers power, it will be mich/cons and cec pipe in sitara.  Any questions, ask.  Thanks. PL 
 Here it is.  Thanks. PL 
 I got the form from John with a note on it about lone liquidations.  This relates to a physical deal and I thought we went over the specifics yesterday.  This relates to 309136 for jan and 594576 for the remainder. This is a structured deal with John Griffith and we were unwinding a previous deal for 1/01-12/01, the remaining original term stayed intact.  It appears you are missing some liquidations that would remove this variance.  They are E00982.4 &.5.  Please let me know if you have any more questions, this deal is a real pain in the butt. PL 
 QD7537.2 & .4 - #514468 PL 
 FYI 
 FYI 
 IF-NNG TOK is a derived curve.  It is based off of IF WAHA TX.  That appears to have moved considerably in the last month.  Shout with any more questions.  Thanks. PL 
 please send this info to Shirley for Darron since he is out.  Thanks. PL 
 don't forget kam. PL 
 As Marina and I discussed this morning, accounting requests that we officialize several books weeks after they have been calced in order for them to run reports.  We do not officialize these post ids daily for two reasons: 1) The deals in these post ids are related to transport hedges that are captured in our transport model(not in ERMS).  If we were to officialize these post ids and report them on the VAR, we would then be only capturing half of the picture, since the transport model in our P&L is not in ERMS.  2) All of the deals in these books are book to book and do not involve third parties.  To keep this action from disrupting your group, the risk leads will forward an email to you when we officialize these post ids at accounting's request. The following is the list Rachel Crowell in Acctg. asked us to officialize on 3/12/01: 1054100 1054684 1054685 1054686 1054689 1055194 1055195 1055196  Please shout with any questions, thanks. PL 
 please verify none of these are ours. PL 
 Would you mind setting up an interview for us with Greg Thomas, resume attached below.  I think Dave Baumback, Kam Keiser, Errol McLaughlin, Darron Giron and myself need to interview him.  Groups of two at time would be preferred.  Thanks. PL 
 We do not maintain seperate book codes. PL 
 We do not keep inventory schedules on any of the central locations that you mentioned.  I am trying to get an inventory balance schedule that logistics keeps for NGPL.  I will let you know what I find out and how complete it is. PL 
 simmer down missy.... 
 Can you take a look at this and let me know what we officialized instead of these. PL 
 I am unable to log in the way you suggested.  It is asking for your sportsline password when I hit the link in your email.  When I go into sportsline and hit march mayhem, there is no place to enter league name and password like there is when you go into sportsline fantasy.  Please provide assistance. PL 
 sent to wrong address. PL 
 Payout - 1st 75%, 2nd 25% PL 
 Forgot the payout - 1st place 75%, 2nd place 25% PL 
 I am getting a tournament bracket together for the group. Here are the important details - $10 per entry, bonus points per upset predicted are the differential between the seeds(i.e. 12 beats a five you get 1 pt for the victory and seven points for the upset), first round games worth 1 pt., and the points for each subsequent round are the round plus 1 pt. (championship game worth 7 pts., sixth round plus 1 pt.), tie breaker is total points scored in final game.  Brackets are due on my desk or in my email box by 8 a.m. CST Thursday March 15th.  Here is a link to a bracket.  Please forward to anyone you think may be interested. PL  http://cbs.sportsline.com/u/madness/2001/brackets/men_printable.htm 
 FYI - those of you running firm books.  These adjustments described below are due to firm book PMA's we recieve from Tiffany Miller.  In the future, we need to put these in the appropriate schedules - C & E.  Schedule C should be used for MTM adjustments and Schedule E should be used for all other adjustments.  Shout with any questions. PL 
 Is the 644,650 being tsf from central in 0012 for financial liquidations - have not seen it on the central desk.  Thanks. PL 
 Slight changes - Make sure of course it is all on one page.  Check the spelling of herschel-navy records are in the floor of the office.  Should only need 10 copies or so.  Have mike and denise sent us the money for the room yet?  Tickets to Neville's? PL 
 I have friends who have no jobs or do not have to work at their jobs, therefore they can surf all day long and find good jokes.  Those are two of my favorites as well. PL 
 Haleyville Vetinary Hospital Attn: Ricky 4545 Newburg Road Haleyville, AL  35565  Thanks baby. PL 
 Sam- Here is a little something about my grandfather:  Dr Walter Herschel Burgess was a 1950 graduate of Alabama Polytechnic Institute, now Auburn University.  He practied vetinary medicine for 38 years in Haleyville, Alabama.  Dr. Burgess was blessed with 3 children, 2 grandchildren and one great grandchild.  Dr. Burgess was an avid golfer and tremendous football fan.  He held Auburn football season tickets for 50 years.  Dr. Burgess recently received the golden eagle from Auburn University in recognition of 50 years of alumni service.  Dr Burgess was a World War II veteran.  Dr. Burgess loved Auburn and sent all three of his children and both grandchildren to school on the plains.  Due to his love for Auburn that he instilled in his family, there will definitely be a forth generation Auburn graduate in the Burgess family.  Dr. Burgess was also a proud member of the OTS vetinary fraternity at Auburn University.  Dr. Burgess was born in Cullman County, Alabama and was a 50 year resident of Haleyville, Alabama.  Please feel free to take some liberties and rearrange or omit some of the things I stated above.  Thanks again Sam for all of your help with this and the recognition this newsletter will give my grandfather.  Auburn is very fortunate to have such a great person raising money for the most important school within the University. Talk to you soon. PL 
 pretty funny stuff.  I think this makes your case stronger to have the rev. Al as your screen saver.  He is definitely a higher quality individual. PL 
 If you look in tagg, the sitara deal number is in the comments section - #372156.  If any of you guys want us to come up and show you how to use tagg or what we do to find these numbers, give me a shout.  The deal is liquidating in the Ontario book because the Ontario trader did the deal.  If that trader does a deal at a US point, the gas has to physically flow out of a US book, not a canadian book.  This deal is only for one month, so this will not make Jim Little's recurring list that he automatically transfers for you guys.  Let me know if you have any more questions.  I also got some message from Souad that you need some help with a People's deal.  She thought you said you emailed me on the deal and I do not have an email, let me know if you still need assistance with that issue.  Thanks. PL 
 Sounds cool, I have never met the guy, but hopefully he can help in DC PL 
 As far as I am aware, this is an east location, talk with Kam. PL 
 I sent Shirley all of my stuff on Monday, so she should have samples of the central reports and all user names for access. PL 
 sorry to hear that.  I will be sure and gamble enough for the both of us. PL 
 For the central desk, please grant view access to the following traders: Geoff Storey Martin Cuilla Kevin Ruscitti Patrice Thurston Jason Williams Tom Donohoe Joe Parks Kelly Stevens Hunter Shively Robin Zivic Andy Lewis Sylvia Pollan  Central Risk Team needs update access as well as view access, those members are as follows: Victor Guggenheim Anna Kulic Souad Mahmassani Chuck Ames Bruce Mills Phillip Love Andres Balmaceda  I am also attaching samples of the files we will need out there, one position report and one P&L file.  Please shout if you need any other information. Thanks for your help. PL 
 Absolutely hilarious!! 
 We are actually staying at NY,NY.  Ceasar's was sold out when I made the reserves last fall and the Mirage was about $100 per person higher.  We will leave word where we are in the room.  See you next week. PL 
 The picture must be a fake then. 
 Yeah, the question is waht kind of good parties? PL 
 Looks like you did it again.  When are you going to take me to a cowboy game?  Are you going to go to Fla./Georgia in Jacksonville with us this year?  Let me know about vegas early next week. PL 
 We need access to Price Basis index and gas daily for the following books(I have but the Price Post id to reference): NSS1 - 1056409 FT-Enovate - 1056415 Enovate - 1056418 TP - 1056421 FT Enovrt - 1056424 FT Enovpb - 1056426  Thanks for your help.  We do not need access until Monday morning. PL 
 The following is a list of users who need access to EMW calcs: Victor Guggenheim - vguggen Bruce Mills - bmills Phillip Love - plove  Thanks for your help. PL 
 check the last one. PL 
 None of these remaining books belong to the central desk.  Thanks. PL 
 Trunkline South Tx - GDP-TRUNKL/SO Trunkline North Tx - GDP-TRUNKL/NO  Shout with any more questions.  Thanks. PL 
 Union is treated as a synthetic storage on Sithe, so we do not keep inventory profit schedules.  As far as I can tell you fixed that last month.  I will continue to work on Central issues.  Thanks. PL 
 Pretty funny. 
 just a little out of my price range. PL 
 the shit that happens to you is absolutely amazing.  Hope you had fun.  Are you going to vegas in two weeks? PL 
 IF- Monchy, according to the trader, the change in the basis curve was due to the fluctuation of the Aeco curve.  IF-Monchy is derived from Aeco US.  Please shout with any further questions.  Thanks. PL 
 This type of shit always happens to Crowell. PL 
 How the hell did you fall into this one? PL 
 FYI - new EOL reports rules.(see below) PL 
 I only flashed 41K for sithe, where are you getting the 59K?  I have the files for nov in the location you requested.  Thanks. PL 
 we will take all of the amounts in the proposed adjustment categories for Sithe and People's.  i still have the people's forms and will be trying to get through them today or tomorrow. PL 
 Kam had told me you were in.  We only have three in our room - you, goss and myself.  The room will be $200 per person total.  You can pay me when we get there or when we leave or send me a check in the mail.  I have only paid one night deposit.  I get in about 7:45 Vegas time on Wednesday, if you are getting there before me, let me know so that I can get the hotel your name to check in.  See you there. PL 
 Sign me up for light microwave popcorn. PL 
 FYI John- per our conversation about getting all calc sheet deals back.  This is the list from settlements and it just so happens all of them are east deals. PL 
 I am happy that neither of those two things is a possibility. PL 
 The only thing that I can find is Sitara #575092.  This is the only August 01 deal we have with them.  This volume and price do not match up.  Sylvia does not recall the deal they describe and  has no paper work for it.  ANR Lebanon Ohio does not sound familiar.  The only thing that I can think of is that they send us a confirmation letter/or transcript from the tapes.  If they can prove to us a time and who they talked to we can then pull our tapes.  Let me know how I can further assist you.  Sorry. PL 
 hot damn. PL 
 was she concerned at all about Pneumonia or Meningitis? PL 
 Please give me the locations for the 6th & 8th deals.  The deal number in question 613623 - the trader has the deal written up as 5.065.  If they dispute this let me know and we will pull tapes. PL 
 FYI PL 
 All of these deals are yours except the last one. PL 
 This one should hopefully be the final one. PL 
 Did you watch our boy Rudy Saturday night?  170 yards rushing and was the man in OT.  He is a stud, luckily he has said that he will be coming back next year.  Are you guys still thinking of maybe joining us skiing?  Hope so. PL 
 Alright guys, here is the final version, try it in your P&L today.  Thanks. PL 
 I have corrected the differential pricing(calc sheet prices) for 01/01 & 02/01.  You should be able to redraft now.  Let me know when you want to discuss the trigger price discrepancies.  Thanks. PL 
 the price is fixed. PL 
 Sorry for losing my cool with you earlier.  I have had a difficult few weeks with some people in your group and took some of my frustration with them out on you.  Thanks for your help and thanks for not ripping on me too hard. Hope you have a good weekend. PL 
 here is the calc sheet.  I have fixed the prices in sitara for all three, redraft. PL 
 The tickets for HOB will go on sale around next wednesday.  I will call and get them.  I am starting to get pumped as well.  Luckily I have a trip to Vegas in March that will hold me over.  I need to find my hand hacky sack so we will have a back up plan.  I have a couple of new chairs in a bag for us - full lounge chairs.  They even have beer holders in the arms. PL 
 Ontario 0011 synthetic storage: QA1354.2 is offset by QA1354.4 - this apears to be missing from this line. QA1354.5 is offset by QA1354.6 - also missing from this line. What are the last two numbers for this line (2,032,081) & 166,921 - these are note in the notes. Thanks. PL 
 Ontario: Can you give me the details on the interdesk purchase variance $346K fir 0010.  i.e. what desk the variance is with.  We will take the MtM prior month book balance variance of 1MM.  Do you know which counterparties make up the CPR variance for 0011?  Thanks. PL 
 We will take the MTM variance for 0010 - 441K - this is partially offset by Central's variance.  This is related due to the changing fo the transport book from GD-Central to Intra-Ontario. PL 
 we will take the aurora 310K variance - looks like the deal was flipped out for 09 & 10 2000.  THanks. PL 
 Please take the variances through 0009 to the desk.  Thanks. PL 
 All of our documentation says 4.78.  If they want to pay us a penny more, I will take it.  I changed the price for January.  If this same problem arises again in Feb, let me know.  I am curious why they agreed with 4.78 for nov-dec. PL 
 yes goofy.  Already taken care of. PL 
 We can take the 265k if you find that we already took the existing variances. PL 
 We will take the NGPL variances. PL 
 Aurora N65007.2 0008 lone liquidation belongs to sitara #307241.  We should have had a form on this.  The deal came to the desk at mid and would require a liquidation.  You should have a variance on your compare reports.  If not, please have settlements get you a copy of the invoice for 0008 and we will do a form.  Thanks. 
 I think Ashley sent Fab some info on the fest.  We have had to lock into the rooms last week, so I do not know if we will be able to help her get a room unless they still have some available when she makes a decision.  Sorry to hear about your work life stinking.  I definitely know the feeling. The way I rationalize it is that I will take a job that has better hours before Jackson gets into school.  On a happier note, we are going to dinner with your parents this weekend. Should be fun.  Talk to you soon - don't work too hard. PL 
 pretty funny. 
 We will take the variance on Central back page for approx. $791K for prior month book balance in 1100.  1100 was the first month that we switched the central transport flash from GD central to Intra Ontario so we flashed it incorrectly.  Thanks. PL 
 thanks for the info. PL 
 Per reconciliation with TAGG, I have changed this price to be IF/NNG/VENT - .03.  If you have any more questions, please let me know.  Please let me know what the increased invoice amount was for 11/00 & 12/00.  Thanks. PL 
 I will attend. PL 
 We will take the DPR/Consolidated flash variance of 259K expense.  Thanks PL 
 We will take this variance to the desk then. PL 
 Just wanted to let you know that we are having global counterparties in Houston inactivate the spot contract we have with Sunoco Inc so that anyone that tries to book a deal to this entity wil have to get a contract in place or get this one reactivated.  This difficulty should send up a red flag and keep deals from flowing with this counterparty.  Please let me know if you need any further information.  Thanks. PL 
 The issue of respect can be addressed in one simple two word phrase - DRAFT DODGER!! 
 This should be the final and correct version.  Hopefully Mausser got it right this time. PL 
 I am going to try and capture the accomplishments I feel are relevant. Hopefully you will agree: 1.  Cleaned up oustanding Ontario operational analysis variances that extended up to 18 mos. of age 2.  Assisted in the transition of the ontario book to a US book 3. Resolved roughly 5 million in operational analysis variances due to synthetic storage 4.  Assisted in the training of new team members 5. Assisted in the modification of the Operational Analysis process(phase 2 requirements and form completion) 6. Survived first six months in risk  PL 
 can you please get this right. PL 
 Use this file instead. PL 
 Thursday is great. PL 
 3 is a good time, please add Darron Giron, Dave Baumbach and Kam Keiser. Thanks for your help. PL 
 Please replace your physical tabs in your P&L to the file format attached= =20 below.  This should eliminate interdesk variances.  You will need to add th= e=20 MTM information and any transport/flash to actual items that you currently= =20 may have on your physical tab.  I would suggest doing this tomorrow morning= =20 when you roll your P&L.  Shout with any questions.  Thanks. PL 
 I am meeting monthly with each person in my group to go over their training plans and get feedback on things they would like assistance with.  I need to still meet with Souad for this month and need to get with Anna and go over the information that I have given her.  One thing that seems to have come up several times is the desire to continue the brown bag sessions.  Some topics that have come up are OA and  curve mapping.  I have talked with Kam about this and we are going to try and put something together. PL 
 Sorry guys, this slipped my mind today, will you please email Joe hunter this information today before you calc.  Thanks. PL 
 To me, this looks to be a sign problem in the FRED model.  The variance in all cases is exactly double the flashed amount.  Jim please verify if this is correct.  Thanks. PL 
 I wanted to pass along some items I would be interested in for Brown Bags: Options Greeks End of month procedures  Thanks PL 
 Looks good to me. - I noticed a note on an ECC purchase - Q29840 - sitara killed, the wrong sitara number is on that tagg - the correct number is 430538.  I made the change in tagg.  The transcanada liquidation that are not highlighted are the exchange deals that are not showing up in the GL.  This is the huge problem that seems to not ever get resolved. PL 
 Thanks again for your help this weekend.  I enjoyed hanging out with you. PL 
 FYI. 
 Check this out. Can you get in touch with Fab. PL 
 take the cilco 44K from 0003 PL 
 I am curious why N70012.Q is a variance in 0001 and N70012.R is not a variance in 0008.  If you look in the two fred files, 0001 has the liq flashed and not in the GL, and in 0008 the liquidation is in flash and the GL.  The counterparties in both are the same.  Jim needs to revise 0001 file.  Shout with any questions.  Thanks. PL 
 The desk will take the lone liquidations for 0007 - $130K PL 
 Take the variance for 0006 lone liq - $31K PL 
 That is what I had for your address, just checking.  We had a blast with your uncles as well.  We were wqanting Bobby, Carl and John's adresses.  I guess we also need there wifes names, even though we did not meet them at the wedding.  I don't know what we will do when your parents leave houston.  I guess we will have to make more frequent trips to Denver.  Since I have a small family and Ashley is so far from her family, it is nice to have special friends that you consider family.   Plus, you know how special you have always been and will be to me.  Sounds like work is going great, glad to hear it.  Sad to hear you are working my kind of hours now.  Work is the same for me, learning a lot, but counting the days till my rotation to a new group.  Talk to you soon. PL 
 When are you coming down to Auburn?  Your brother and I are going tonight and may set up the tent on Friday. PL 
 0008 Lone liquidations can you please get the tagg number for the aurora liquidation tsf from the East Is the NGPL purchase variance for roughly $109K part of the the N50101 - syn storage?  WPS liquidation NV8650.1 is a option premium that is being paid on sitara #384296 12/00-2/01.  This liquidation needs to be seperated out to its own line and split accordingly along the months 12/00 & 01/01 - $116,250 and 2/01 $105,000.  We should get oa forms on this deal for these months that this liquidation will offset. Take remaining $7K Thanks. PL 
 0009 Lone Liquidations: NU2698.2 is an EMW liquidation and goes with Sitara #359527, tsf this to the EMW line should clear both variances. We need to take the Phillip's liquidation just like 0010 - deal killed Desk will also take the remaining $1,500 variance PL 
 0010 Lone Liquidations: Phillips N45554.3 is a take to the desk, deal was killed in sitara PGL&C should be transferred to the Peoples desk - tagg has the book as FT-Peoples. Take remaining variance. PL 
 0011 Lone liquidation variances: CES-Dynegy - these tagg numbers are EFP deals and we had variances show up in forms and we should have used these to clear. ECS - this tagg number has a sitara deal - 309408 that did not flow.  The gas that was suppossed to flow on this deal, flowed on 310637 - Northern Natural.  This tagg should be part of that variance for settlements. Reliant Energy - that is a synthetic storage deal that flowed, sitara #456560, again, no variance to the desk. Move WPL variance to its own line and we will take the remaining variance to the desk.  Let me know if you need further info on this category. PL 
 Also, in 0006 theres is a synthetic deal identified as NN4016 with NNG for $265K, this deal is in sitara 301891 under CPR Pipeline storage. The terms match and we should have no variance.  Please ask Gas accounting why we do not have a variance on synthetic line - probably Jim Pond.  Thanks. PL 
 We will also take the interdesk variance for 0011 - $123K PL 
 looks like my boy. PL 
 We need to keep this for Jackson. PL 
 The feeling is mutual.  Things are going good, even better if I could get out of here at a decent time.  At least I don't have Susan's hours.  Are you coming to her happy hour tonight?  Talk to you soon. PL     Enron North America Corp. 
 Attached is the revised 0006 FRED please transfer the EMW items to the EMW line and settlements will have to resolve these issues.  Thanks. PL 
 All yours bro. PL 
 helps is I attach the damn thing. PL 
 Attached is the fred file.  On the recon variances tab, please note the liquidations coded in puke green, bright pink, blood red and blue.  These items will resolve our variance within 60K.  We will take the 60K expense. Please try and resolve those issues before close of 0201.  Let me know if you get resistance or need help.  Thanks. PL 
 Can either of the two distinguished Jim's from accounting help me with a financial liquidation problem from 0007.  I have a deal NR2989.1 that is showing up in my actuals for the beloved FRED file for this production month.  When I look at the deal in TAGG, the deal is an annuity booked to NG-Price.  I do not believe this should be in the central region.  Any assistance in clearing this is much appreciated due to the fun meeting we had yesterday regarding financial liquidations.  Thanks for your help guys. Cathy this should clear/address all of our issues in 0007 for fin. liq. PL 
 As is the case will all FT-Ontario deals done at a US point, the deal must flow physically from a US book eventhough the canadian trader gets the long term income/loss from the deal.  This is a commercial decision that risk has to abide by.  The OA group, specifically John Valdes has given Jim Little the deal numbers in the past that comprise this problem to eliminate repeat performances.  This deal in question began in 11/00 and since you are doing december OA I would assume this one has not yet made the list.  I suggest forwarding to Jim LIttle/John Valdes to eliminate future problems.  Thanks. PL 
 FYI, Please book all future GD priced tiered deals as two deals in sitara.  The reason for this is eventhough we put a swap on the deal for the volume that should be at index, the swap looks at the volume as a monthly volume as opposed to a daily and gives the monthly volume to the desk at mid.  What typically happens is the total volume for the first half of the month comes to the desk entirely at mid.  This is causing some substantial OA variances. If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. 
 that is fine with me.  He said however that he will have an answer for me this morning. If he leaves we should definitely cancel. PL 
 Today's file looks good.  Thanks for your help. PL 
 No new deals for central desk since bid week. PL 
 Here is my groups book administrators.  If you need any further information, please let me know.  Thanks. PL 
 You can ask fabiola.  We are not in a bind we are still waiting on a few people to get back with us.  I think ashley was calling Monica and Jaime to see if they were interested and Ricky and Tanya.  The only bad thing is they have to let us know tomorrow if they are interested.  Sorry you are unable to make it, maybe next year. PL 
 FYI guys.  Save this stuff for after hours. PL 
 I got an update from Bryce.  In the back of the publication for 1/2/01(page 7), there are prices for the 30th & 31st.  It appears the 30th & 31st got pub posted at the first page of the 1/2/01 publication.  Therefore, we are going to see OA on these deals. PL 
 FYI, I wanted to let you guys know of an OA problem that I am seeing on the central desk for december 2000.  It appears deals that are gas daily priced deals are being priced incorrectly in Unify.  Two gas daily publications came out at the end of the year.  The publication on the 29th was for trans. dated the 28th and flowing the 29th.  The next gas daily publication  came out on the 2nd of Jan. and was for trans. 29th flowing the 1st adn 2nd.  We flashed gas daily prices for the 30th & 31st that equalled the GD publication of the 2nd.  This is correct, we should pay sat. and sunday based on Monday's price.  Settlements paid the 30th & 31st at the 29th's price.  I am going to give Bryce a call, I just wanted to share this with you since you should be seeing OA forms starting today for Dec production.  If you disagree with my logic, please give me a shout. Thanks. PL 
 Hey girl, you guys figure out about Jazz Fest yet?  We have to pay for the rooms tomorrow.  I need to know ASAP.  Hope everything is going good. PL 
 looks like he has taken the picture down.  It sure was funny. PL 
 I have to say, I would be offended by that prayer too.  FYI, I will be in town this weekend(Haleyville).  We are packing up PaPa's stuff on Saturday if you want to come by and hang out.  Mom and I are probably going to head out Saturday afternoon.  Just a thought. PL 
 I just went to look at the file and the data is yesterday's data.  We need the current prices that are set each day at roughly 12:10 for the gas day of the next day.  Please let me know if this does not make sense.  Thanks. PL 
 FYI 
 I still have them and they are yours..as always, only stipulation is that I get to go in with you and get my free coke.  Still have not heard from your brother. PL 
 works for me. PL 
 Please mad GRLK/St. Clair to the same curve that TCPL/St. Clair GL is mapped, CGPR-St. Clair.  Thanks for your help. PL 
 The weekend is April 27th thru the 30th(arrive thur night and return monday a.m., four night minimum).  We have four rooms total, two are completely booked and 1 couple is in the 3rd room.  Each room sleeps 3 couples.  just let me know, we would love to have you guys.  Room is $440 per couple for the entire weekend. PL 
 Fax me the contract so that I can share this info with the trader. 713-646-2496.  Thanks. PL 
 I did see that, I think they have him in a JC in Kansas.  Hopefully we will get him in two years. PL 
 Here is FT-Ontario's value for Co Energy.  Storey only had basis and index deals with them.  Please let me know if this format is not good for you. PL 
 I got Steve's email address.  Here it is: stevebonilla@yahoo.com  Good luck.  Stay in touch. PL 
 Please do this asap for your books.  I will check victor's books. Thanks. PL 
 Just wanted to give you guys a reminder when it comes to new deals out of our traders notebooks.  Please check each morning when you copy the new deals for the current day that you verify the prior day's last deal was entered.  It is very easy to miss a deal the trader does after four and the trader's do not always remind us that they did a deal late.  I spoke with hunter this morning and he wants these mistakes to stop.  This doesn't happen often, put it is very easy to miss these types of deals in the future.  Thanks for your help. PL 
 Please email me with requests for central deals.  Thanks. PL 
 Not too late, I have to pay for the rooms a week from today.  Hurry, hurry, Talk to you soon. PL 
 A Texas grad I work with found this on one of his alum sites.  The guy that put this out - Flea- is the auburn guy who runs thetigeronline.com.  Pretty funny. PL 
 Let me know if you have to change any of these. PL 
 I would say track it down with volume mgmt.  As far as I can tell, this deal ended 12/31/00. PL 
 Please inactivate the FT-INT-CNT-TRAN book in TAGG.  All of the sub books associated with this should also be inactivated, i.e. Price, Basis, Index and GD.  The trader responsible for these books has been gone for over 6 months and all the deals in that book have now rolled off.  If you need any further information, please feel free to give me a shout.  Thanks for your help. PL 
 I think I have 35,000 continental miles also.  I think that it is only 20,000 for a free flight.  You decide. PL 
 The $33.82 rate I was qouted was after tax.  I specifically asked this question on the phone and at the airport.  Not a good way to do business. PL 
 My groups survey should be there for January, I just finished.  Please let me know if you need any more information.  Thanks. PL 
 FYI.  We are under the mandate...no more screw ups. PL 
 Remove Scott Palmer from the list attached effective 2/15/01 and add Anna Kulic starting tomorrow. PL 
 These deals are not even on my desk.  All but the physical forward belong to the Price Desk.  the physical foward is a Texas desk deal.  You should contact the leads of those two risk groups - Errol McLaughlin and Dave Baumbach respectively.  Sorry I can't help. PL 
 Thanks for your prompt assistance with these books. PL 
 Brian McKnight isn't too bad either.  Although, overall, I was nto that impressed with the schedule this year for either weekend.  I wil however still have the best weekend of the year. PL 
 he is taking his.  There is a pc on the desk next to kam already. PL 
 I got this from elizabeth.  IF you really want to change the date let me know, it is scheduled for next Friday.  When the move occurs, we can take the PC on palmer's new desk and move it to mick's old desk.  I will move that. PL 
 Sitara #119378 is for all three N17872 legs and EY4000.2 is sitara #115203. THe remaining liquidation EY4008.2 should be a liq no flow.  The deal was killed. PL 
 I was just curious, thought Bill might need some, but I heard from him and he is good on tickets, so they are still yours for the taking. PL 
 EY3999.E is a northeast deal.  If you look in teh liquidation file under peoples sales, you will see this liquidation.  The point in tagg is a northeast point, so they will have the sitara number, the contact for you should be Kam Keiser. N18064.4 is sitara #116695. PL 
 sorry I forgot to reply.  I was at the gym for the first time in 3 years.  I really needed the workout.  I will be there next week.  Thanks. PL 
 you know i am always in need of some male bonding.  You guys decide if you want to go to Jazz Fest?  Do not forget about my mom's offer relating to said event.  Talk to you soon. PL 
 looks good to me. PL 
 that is ok.  Thanks for the update. PL 
 Please set up the two books attached.  Shout with any questions.  Thanks. PL 3-7376 
 FYI, you may see some January/February OA variances on Sithe due to these tagg numbers.  The sitara deal number involved is 543246.  Shout with any questions. PL 
 Ruth, I wanted to give you the details of how we placed these numbers in Sithe's P&L.  1.  Instead of reducing the purchase price in Sitara(we would capture this revenue in the P&L in two months with OA, we want to complete the transaction in the current P&L) we have written a physical annuity between ENA and Sithe Power QP7914.2.  Please settle this with January's physical purchase. 2.  Sithe then receives 50% of this incremental revenue, this was booked in a financial annuity QP7914.1, this should also be settled with January's invoices. 3.  We have placed the Power portion of the revenue in  Schedule B in the FT-Ontario book(this is due to the Sithe P&L limitations, we will be modifying the book set up for any future deals such as this).  A financial annuity was then written between Sithe and Ontario to recognize the schedule B item in the sithe book and keep Ontario flat(TAGG#QP7914.3). 4.  The final $550,919 was then granted out to you via origination from the FT-Ontario book(same reasons as above) and an annuity was then written to the FT-Ontario book to keep it flat.(TAGG#QP7914.4).  These four deals in TAGG will keep the sithe book flat and should accomplish the goals of your email below.  If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact me at 3-7376.  Thanks. PL     Enron North America Corp. 
 this is really funny. PL 
 what is the word on the tickets?  Have you heard from your older brother?  I think he is planning on spending the night at my house tomorrow, but I have not heard from him. PL 
 Sounds like fun man.  Do you ever do any bay fishing?  If you want to, let me know and I would love to go.  I like to wade fish so that I can use my fly rod.  I need to get my licensed renewed.  How much did you catch? PL 
 Where did you go fishing, offshore?  Who all went with you?  This company that you work for...is it named after your old girlfriend? PL 
 FYI, make sure the tab on your P&L file has been changed to match this=20 email.  This is really important since we are moving books around tonight. = =20 Thanks. PL 
 FYI 
 All of central books are done.  If you are missing any econ details, please let me know. PL 
 FYI, Sally is getting an ear full today from the RAC group about unofficialized post id's.  We run a macro every night to verify these are officialized.  I just want to remind everyone that this is very important that we do this.  Our group and Jeff will catch tremendous heat if these errors continue.  Again, this is just a reminder, we are doing a good job on this currently.  Thanks. PL 
 Jim, would you mind setting up a meeting with the appropriate people so that we can get this resolved, I was assured by Misti Day the first week of December that this would be fixed.  Thanks for your help. PL 
 did this ever get resolved? PL 
 here are my changes, highlighted in yellow. PL 
 I will try and get it for you. PL 
 thanks for the update. PL 
 Please verify that all of these deals in your books have been flipped out. We should not have many.  Shout with any questions. PL 
 here is the information.  Make check payable to Auburn University Foundation, with a note or in memo that the gift is for a memorial for Dr. W.H. Burgess.  Mail the check to Auburn University c/o Sam Hendrix, Director of Development Vet. School 317 South College Street Auburn University, AL 36849  Thanks so much for your kindness, support and generosity. PL 
 Thanks for the thoughts.  Sorry it has taken me a few days, work has been really crazy.  Sounds like you are doing a little more travelling huh?  How do you like it?  I will keep your cell number and try and give you a call to talk in real life.  Looking forward to seeing you guys during easter. Hopefully we will not be heading to alabama for the weekend.  Talk to you soon.  Thanks again. PL 
 That's cool.  Elizabeth Soto actually was able to get me the tickets I needed. I was trying to cover the bases.  Thanks for trying.  How is everything else going?  Good I hope. PL 
 Thank you.  It means alot to have friends that are always willing to help. Everything gets better with time and I am definitely doing better this week. Thanks again for your thoughts. PL 
 FYI, I got a message from Elizabeth Hernanadez that we are missing a few of these sitara numbers in tagg when we are booking deals.  She fixed the ones we missed yesterday.  Please put these numbers in because it is vital to resolving OA variances that we are able to tie tagg deals to sitara. PL 
 Here is the information for the Endowment to share with Dr. Cashon.  The contact is Sam Hendrix, Director of Development School of Vetinary Medicine  Make the checks payable to Auburn University Foundation, with a note or write in memo - Memorial for Dr. W.H. Burgess  Mail check to Sam's attention: 317 South College Street Auburn University, AL 36849  Sam's phone number is 334-844-1446.  He said anyone can contact him at any time.  Let me know if you have anymore questions. PL 
 Man, I wish you could have made it to the reunion.  We had a really good time and it was good to see everybody.  What are you doing in Norway for a job?  I am still enjoying Enron.  I am headed to Auburn this weekend for our last home game of the season.  Should be fun.  If we make it over to Europe any time soon, we will look you up.  We will probably wait until Jackson is a little older so that he will enjoy it more.  How is your Pop doing?  I bet he hates having you so far away.  Did you purchase a new bronco when you got to Europe or have the old one shipped over?  Boy did we cruise in that thing. Stay in touch. PL 
 I have no seat for him until Feb 15th when Palmer leaves.  I will see what I can find out in terms of Kam moving. PL 
 After meeting with Larry Joe Hunter, we will not be granting tagg access to his group.  They were wanting access to change deals that were booked to the wrong counterparty.  The problem here lies in that they were wanting to do these changes in the afternoon while we were calcing.  This is not an option.  Therefore, the resolution is we are responsible for these corrections.  We must get the deals entered into the system with the correct counterparty initially.  Our credit risk exposure is the bottom line. If we do not have all the deals to the right counterparty each day, we may not be receiving enough money on Letter of Credit from CP's.  FYI, this is going to be a highly visible area for us to make mistakes.  If we continue to make these mistakes, we as a group will catch severe fire.  To help us do this correctly, Bianca will be handing out a revised and updated counterparty list on a monthlly basis.  We will still have emails sent denoting CP name changes, I reccomend writing these down on your sheets to keep for future reference.  If all else fails and there is something you are not sure about, please call Bianca Ornelas at  5-3782.  If you have any questions, please give me a shout.  Thanks. PL 
 Let's hope he qualifies.  That could be a game breaker. PL 
 check this out.  Hopefully he will qualify. PL 
 Do you have an updated status on this issue?  Thanks. PL 
 I deleted the file. PL 
 Tell you what Chad, you win.  I really am tired of banging my head against a wall talking to an irrational person.  I was not trying to make fun of your school, you chose that route.  I was trying to make a simple point that recruiting at Enron does not make a school elite.  Does NASA recruit at LSU? Does IBM?  Who cares? The point once again, we were talking about SPORTS!!!! See you in Baton Rouge in September.  Go ahead and respond, so that way you have the "last word". 
 This should have been cc to you.  I think development made a mistake and cc carrie hollomon 
 Ashley and I need your address again and your uncles' addresses for Christmas cards.  How is married life treating you?  Good I hope.  What are you guys doing for Christmas?  Are your folks coming in?  We are staying in Houston.  Should be nice and quiet.  We are going to have a few people over for new year's, but nothing special. PL 
 I plan on attending. PL 
 Did you not hear me.  I said I was talking athletics.  Do you want me to break out academics with you?  I will be more than happy to discuss Auburn. Top 15 schools for your money, US News & World Report.   Behind the service academies, more astronauts than any other university.  Top ten among universities in terms of fortune 500 CEO's, Fortune Magazine.  The point, don't try and act like LSU is the best school in the land.  Just because Enron doesn't recruit at some schools, doesn't mean they are inferior academically.  I would much rather have a degree from Tulane than LSU or Auburn, in terms of academic stature.  You should know that recruiting at Enron has and will always be political.  You have to have someone from that school in upper managment request trips be made.  I can promise you in the next 2-3 years they will be recruiting at Auburn.  I and anothe alum have already discussed it with HR. PL 
 I responded, I just did not copy anyone. PL 
 Please do not try and compare Louisiana to Alabama.  There is only one university in Louisiana.  You can not hold it against Auburn that Napoleonville has only been able to support one university.  Tulane is strictly academics and we are talking sports. PL 
 Chad, do you even know what is coming out of your mouth?  When did you become such a football expert?  I recall Blanchard and the boys having to teach you about the game. 
 touchy,touchy.  seems like the frustration of three straight top 5 recruiting classes with nothing to show for it are getting to you.  It will be ok. Hopefully Mack can get some coaching in their to go with his powers of persuasion. PL 
 FYI, please also know that if the change is simply a meter change, that does not effect the value.  Only the Pipeline and trading zone will effect the value. Thanks again. PL 
 Your just pissed because I was right about that recruit all along. PL 
 You might try Kathy Kelly. PL 
 I have no knowledge of the change, it does not affect me.  Sorry I am unable to help. PL 
 I have a favor to ask.  Would you mind asking your team to email or phone me when they make a location change on a deal in sitara.  We had a case yesterday where a deal was originally entered at one location for the deal and for the hedge.  The point was incorrect and a person in logistics corrected it.  The problem occurs in that sitara looks to verify the locations are the same on the deal and the hedge and if they are, it will then value the deal in the trader's book at mid.  If the locations are different, it will value the deal at the customer price.  This could potentially have a large impact on the trader's P&L.  It does not seem pertinent to have your guys changing swap locations in addition to changing deal locations due to time constraints.  We will be more than happy to make the changes, and we should also be able to catch these problems in the first place when we calc our books.  I would greatly appreciate your groups help in cutting some of these issues off at the pass.  If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to give me a shout.  Thanks. PL 
 can you provide me with a deal number to check into this matter? PL 
 your so poetic, please continue to share with me your true feelings, it only increases my opinion of LSU alums. 
 once again, keep your mouth shut til you beat my team.  You have not proved anything yet. PL 
 You should enjoy this article. PL 
 Here is an article for all you LSU boys who kept saying Tuberville was leaving. PL 
 this is the kid from opelika correct?  I heard when he committed last week, all the publications took him from a 5 star to four star.  SOunds like a little biased alabama propaganda.  I talked with the guy at the vet school today about donations in PaPa's name.  He was telling me to call him anytime I am down there and he will get us a tour of the eagle's new digs and the entire raptor center.  Sounds like a lot of fun.  Let me know if you are interested during football season. PL 
 thanks for your help. PL 
 check this out...next time check your sources. http://rivals100.rivals.com/default.asp?sid=135&p=2&stid=8101251 
 All done. PL 
 FYI, a note from the top.  If you need help, let me know. PL 
 I agree with that totally.  Jeff should we get a meeting set up with LaGrasta to discuss this with him.  Please let me know your thoughts. PL 
 FYI,  I have been notified by Hunter again that any future srew ups are my behind. So, please verify your P&L's nightly for accuracy, mainly curve shift and new deal problems.  Curve shift reports should be run for all of your P&L's and new deals should be tied out before calcing.  I know you guys almost always do this, I am just giving you a friendly reminder since Hunter is going to be watching us even closer now.  Also, please remember when we change any deals in sitara to notify the intra month trader.  I also heard this request from Hunter.  Thanks again for everything while I was out and keep up the good work. PL 
 We have had a problem arise today with some deals that are being booked in sitara by originators and deal tickets/notebooks are not being communicated properly to ensure entry into TAGG & Sitara for prompt month deals.  Would you mind forwarding this email to your groups and asking them to copy the other desks on any originator notebooks that they get that involve pipelines on other desks.  For example, Nelson Ferries writes all of his deals on one sheet and all deals by pipeline are on one page.  This would simply be an additional step to verify all deals are being captured.  Hopefully this will eliminate any future problems.  If you have any suggestions for ways to better handle this, please let me know.  Thanks. PL 
 Can we go ahead and take the unexplained amount (numbers at the bottom of your schedule) for Ontario thru 0008.  It appears that the number will be roughly 25K in income, making the number 255K unexplained and that will be for the months 0009-0011.  Can we also do the same on Central through 0006, this will be roughly 56K in expenses.  This will clean up that as well.  Please shout if there are any problems.  Thanks. PL 
 The room is $440 per couple for the four nights or $220 per person.  The fest tickets are $15 a day and people usually go 2 of the three days.  there is also a Harrah's casino across the street from our condo.  The condo's have kitchen's in them so people and buy groceries and stuff and eat there mainly.  We go every year and have a blast.  If you are interested let me know. PL 
 have you heard  anything from Jim on these?  How are we looking on back pages?  Let me know and I can take some time with you to help and clean them up further.  Thanks. PL 
 Will you cehck this out and see if it is for real?  Also, did you talk to the day care about watchmegrow.com? PL 
 Has then been fixed yet?  Thanks for the Jesse joke, pretty funny. PL 
 Sure. PL 
 Thanks for your wishes and I am confident all your prayers helped me get through the weekend.  Thanks again for your kind words. PL 
 using the wrong head I think.  According to the official Jazz Fest website, there are only 87 days till Fest 2001.  Harrah's!! Harrah's!!  Harrah's!! PL 
 Sorry it has taken me a few days to get back with you, I had to leave town unexpectedly and just returned today.  All of that sounds great, how about putting the file in the O drive under erms/1intra/central.  Please name the file EOL curves.  Please let me know if you have any problems.  Thanks for your help on this matter. PL 
 Sounds good to me.  We just wanted to invite you guys anyway.  We look forward to seeing you in April.  My grandfather actually passed away on Thursday afternoon and we had the funeral on Saturday.  I had to give the eulogy and boy was it difficult.  I bet a stood there for 1 minute without saying a word, unable to hold my emotions.  I hope I never have to do that again.  Thanks for your thoughts. I actually had a dream this morning about talking to you about it.  Wild huh?  Talk to you soon. PL 
 FYI. PL 
 Thanks VIc. PL 
 looks good to me.(steve talked to me about him). PL 
 Thanks for the invite.  Unfortunately, I have to go out of town tonight unexpectedly.  Have fun. PL 
 I have no idea, I went and early voted.  Have fun standing in line.  Call Paul Bettencourt - Tax Assessor's office. PL 
 Thanks.  I think we have everything covered.  We are taking Jackson, I believe everyone else is leaving their kids at home.  If you guys want to bring Drew, we have no problem with that, there however won't be any other kids his age to play with.  Talk to you next week. PL 
 I have also been meaning to email you.  Unfortunately, I do not have much time to talk with you, I have to head out to alabama unexpectedly, my gradfather is pretty ill.  We were wondering if you guys might want to go to Jazz fest.  THe dates are 4/226-4/30(thurs. arrival, monday departure).  We have about 5 couples going right now and the room rate is $440 per couple for all four nights total.  Let me know if you are interested, we have to have the rooms paid for by 2/15/01.  Talk to you soon.  Thanks. PL 
 FYI...please for my sanity, lets try and keep these to a minimum in the future.  Thanks. PL  P.S.  Thanks in advance for all of your help for me today and tomorrow. 
 FYI PL 
 For future months, please add Bruce Mills to this list.  He is the book admin for FT-Cent and GD-Central.  Thanks. PL 
 Andres just got the ticket this morning, he is putting it in as we speak. Thanks. PL 
 That was nice!!!  I forgot what your reply was, do you need any of the two extra tickets I have for Saturday?  Thanks. PL 
 Pretty damn funny. PL 
 This is one of andres' deals, can you help it do the calc sheet scott? PL 
 Please add Victor Guggenheim to your list.  Thanks for the email.  FYI, I am sure that Fletch and Martin appreciate your email last night as well. PL 
 Good to see.  Thanks for forwarding. PL 
 This deal is ok for now because it only has a volume in for January.  If the trader changes the volume for the out months, we will need to have it in tagg.  thanks. PL 
 I suggest not watching this after eating or drinking too much. PL 
 Thanks for your help.  This sounds like a good fit for us.  The only issues I have or need addressed is for this file to have the same name and have the curves in the same cells so that we can just link to the file in our curve file.  The other concern is that the data be there by 2:30 p.m. everyday(prices for the next gas day).  Thanks so much for your help. PL 
 I am hoping you will be the right person to talk with.  Rahil Jafry referred me to you.  I am the risk management lead for the Central Gas desk. Currently our traders utilize an EOL weighted average gas price report on EOL to set their curves for the next gas day, i.e. their curves set today for tomorrow's gas flow.  I was first inquiring with EOL if they could possibly provide this report in downloadable format(excel) and they sent me to Rahil, who then sent me to you.  Is this possible?  Please feel free to contact me for any additional information or if this is really confusing.  Please let me know if you are not the right person to contact and I will start over with EOL.  Thanks for your assistance in this matter. Phillip 3-7376 
 guess it helps to attach the file. PL 
 Attached is a file we put together with the daily figures on them for Central 1 & Central 2.  The total page should tie to what I gave you last week.  I highlighted the five days on each month the highest absolute value change.  I then attached those days P&L top sheets.  Please review this information and let us know what type of detailed support you will need.  Thanks. PL 
 Thought you might want some late breaking news. PL 
 Can you please set this new location up, Nipsco/NGPL, with curves the same as the original point, NGPL/Nipsco.  I believe they are as follows: gas daily should be GDP-CHI. GATE, the intramonth should be NGI/CHI. GATE, and the Mid should be NGI/CHI./NIPSCO.  Please shout with any questions.  Thanks for your help. PL 
 FYI, all new deals that are at NGPL/Nipsco, need to be in sitara at Nipsco/NGPL.  Please shout with any questions. PL 
 These two deals, 249262 & 565833 are changed for February out.  I will tell the risk team that all new deals at NGPL/Nipsco should be at NIPS/NGPL - 9260.  Is this correct? PL 
 I did not see the two sitara numbers on the email.  Please send me the numbers and I will change them now. Thanks. PL 
 What are you doing home in the middle of the day? PL 
 I forgot to tell you last night, Ginger called and said Tori will be there. I thought there were possibly going to be other kids there as well.  What about just going out to eat at Lupe's with your mom and nonnie?  That sounds good to me.  We do not have to have a party with Brian/Rebecca, Kim and Ev and then they feel obligated to bring a gift.  No big deal to me and I am sure no big deal to them.  What are we doing for dinner tonight?  PL 
 That is all fine with me.  Just ask mom what she wants to do.  She will not flip out again, I think.  We can see if she wants to do anything on his actual birthday.  What are we going to actually do after the Gymboree thing, are we inviting anyone else over? PL 
 FYI - Barry was not there last week. PL 
 Here are a list of TAGG3's that were already linked: QB6244.1 QB6277.1 QB6303.1 QB8815.1 QC2276.1  If you have any questions are need help with this, please let me know. Thanks for your help. PL 
 Here was my original response to her.  Joe Hunter is fine with me. PL 
 I have a few concerns about this.  We are suppossed to be the only point of contact for changes in tagg.  This is an internal control issue that leaves all responsibility for errors in tagg with risk.  If other people are touching deals in tagg, any errors will then have to be investigated further and thus take longer to resolve.  I guess my main question for you is, does a problem exist in the current system?  Is risk not addressing your issues and needs on a timely basis?  If so, we need to readdress that issue and resolve it in a more timely manner.  Please let me know if the others disagree with me.  Thanks. PL 
 I already have access. PL 
 sounds like a great plan.  Talk to you more about it tonight. PL 
 FYI. 
 Please add me to this list.  I am replacing Kam on the Central desk, she is moving to the east desk. PL 
 I just wanted to update you guys on the status of the EMW reports for Hunter.  The EMW Positions_1 file is now updated and accurate.  Every night when Kevin finishes his P&L file and updates the EMW Positions file, he will email the entire central team.  If one of us is still here, we can print out the necessary reports and leave them on Hunter's desk.  If no one is here, the first person in will need to print these reports out and give them to Hunter with the Var report.  For the time being Hunter will be the only one needing these reports, I will communicate any change in distribution that he requests.  Also for the time being, we will be going into Kevin's P&L file, which is in the same location as our intra month P&L's that we sign off on, and printing the four tabs that he has identified in the email attached.  When Hunter has time to review this format with me, we may make changes to the reports we print out.  The EMW positions_1 file is in the same location as our CE Positions_1 file.  Please as always, shout with any questions or concerns.  Thanks for your help. PL 
 I have not seen the increased volumes.  I will ask andy tomorrow about them. The original 13K and 30 K are in Sitara. PL 
 Please send me more information on book G5.  The person that runs that book, FTOC, is not aware of this book.  Please send me the book name and we will try and track it down.  FYI, please send all future Central desk/Ontario desk inquires to me.  Kam has moved to the East desk and I am now the lead for the Central.  Thanks for your help. PL 3-7376 
 Jim, Please adjust the sithe storage account to a price of $0, instead of wacog. This adjustment should not have to go back any further than 11/99.  The Pipeline is Union Gas Limited and the storage contract number is 96041510. Please shout with any questions.  Jennifer, this should eliminate the current outstanding variances and create a variances for all past months that have been cleaned up.  The P&L impact of the new variances should be minimal due to the small volume nature of these transactions in the past.  I believe the variances will be a gain. Thanks for you help guys. PL 3-7376 
 Not so fast buddy.  Check out this article.  http://www.al.com/sports/birmingham/?Jan2001/16-e415212b.html 
 Thanks for the good words, hope to see you in Vegas.  Stay out of trouble. PL 
 You are right about one thing....it seems there is never a time when we are not busy here..  With the job change, my work schedule just got worse.  Sorry if I sounded wierd, did not mean too, I am sure it was just htat I was in a hurry.  Talk to you soon. PL 
 Looks correct to me Dawnie. PL 
 Please add my name to this email if you continue to send this file out. Thanks. PL 
 Darron talked the higher ups here into making me the business controller for the Central desk.  So now my hours are longer and responsibility greater all for the same pay.  I guess I did n't have to do the stupid thing and accept, but oh well.  We will see if I can handle another year in risk.  Talk to you soon. PL 
 Guess this should not come as a suprise to us.  Unfortunately, rumor has it today Dubose will be fired. PL 
 Who in the hell is getting married in Cabo? That sure is different.  You will have to go to Jazz fest with us next year.  Just let me know.  We reserve the extra rooms around Jan. and have to pay for them by Feb. 15th.  How is your new job going?  I am staying too damn busy here, Darron got me in all kinds of trouble.  See you in Vegas. PL 
 Attached are the files you requested from the central desk.  Please add my name to your email list for P&L requests.  I am now the lead for the Central desk.  Thanks.  If you have any further questions, please feel free to give me a shout. PL 3-7376 
 I was out of town this past week and did not get back until Saturday night. Sorry I missed your call.  What was the outcome on the game saturday?  I will try and make it to practice tonight.  I have a new job at Enron that keeps me here most night until 8 p.m. or so. PL 
 Congratulations.  I thought you said you were done after one?  I am sure your son will absolutely love having someone to play with.  I just got back from a week off, so I am swamped.  I am now the business controller for our desk, so I have reviews and a million other things to catch up on.  We will have to chat later. PL 
 Ya nknow, every year it is the same thing with you guys....we are going to dominate....we are the best.  The problem is you never deliver. PL 
 Sounds great.  We will have to meet up somewhere.  We are staying at the NY,NY under my name.  I feel the same.  I really enjoy seeing you, but as usual, the visits are too short.  We will just have to make more frequent trips to Denver.  I will write more later, trying to get caught up from a week off.  Jackson did get the gift for Christmas from you, the thank you card should be in the mail.  Thanks. PL  PL 
 I just got back in the office from a week off, so I am catching up this morning.  I will unfortunately be unable to attend your meeting this morning.  I need to try and get prepared for the afternoon meeting.  Thanks. PL 
 maybe you guys can finally beat us now that we have so many guys going to the pros.  What the hell is Booty thinking?  Any one that drafts him has got to be a fool.  I guess he saw the writing on the wall that Rohan would be getting the PT. PL 
 Aren't you LSU boys starting your usual shit talking a little early this year?  When you can finally beat my school in football then I will start listening to your BS.  FYI, those guys leaving has been helping our recruiting. PL 
 Hey man, check this out.  I have planned the same trip.  We are actually going in on Wednesday night - the 14th.  We are staying at NY,NY.  We will have to hook up.  Rachel Bonilla and her husband are going to be there as well that weekend.  Should be fun. PL 
 The trees in the bed should be fine.  Just the azaleas and the garlic. PL 
 Thanks for the pics. PL 
 We leave here Thursday April, 26th and return Monday April 30th.  What are your plans? PL 
 Trader E-Mail for nightly P&L and Positions:   hunter-jessica@houston.rr.com, rjkdstevens@aol.com, maryjanesames.tx@netzero.net, r_zivic@hotmail.com, jason.williams@enron.com, mcmcsmarty@aol.com, Geoff Storey/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kevin Ruscitti/HOU/ECT@ECT 
 Here are the P&L file and positions.     I will be on vacation next week, Kam will be covering for me.  Thanks. PL 
 I will be on vacation but will be there the next week. PL 
 thanks for the tip PL 
 Per Bass- like last year we get 13 guys, one must remain on IR for the entire week. Note - the person does not have to be injured.  Pickups and drops are every monday.  If you do not know how to add/drop, ask any of us from last year. PL 
 works for me! PL 
 GEAUX  TIGERS!!!  Stock up on those Sharpies!!  http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/football/college/2000/bowl_projections/  PL 
 Now it is on...bring it Bass.  The PLove is back to sew up this league like I am doing in football.  Come down my way and hand over my share of this week's pot.  I guess I will get the pool again this week since I am playing you, the only one with a chance to outscore me. PL 
 By the way....Do you need any tickets for the Georgia game?  I think I will have two extra.  Let me know.  Thanks. PL 
 HEAD!!  PANTS!! NOW!!  That boy's cranium should is a virtual planetoid..It should have it's own weather system.  That was low, the poor boy will probably cry himself to sleep on his large pillow.  Great flick. PL 
 I figured you would come back with that.  Did he ever marry that charger doll or whatever they are called or did she wise up to the scam? PL 
 Speaking of chargers, when is Ryan Leaf going to be stoned to death in the town square? PL 
 that is correct. PL 
 done. PL 
 This is done. PL 
 I just left you a voice mail and wanted to follow it up with an email regarding the termination of deals.  Please start forwarding these requests to myself and Darron Giron.  Scott is heading another project for Gossett and Darron and I will be handling terminations from today forward.  Thanks for your help and let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. PL 
 Per an email from Mike Grigsby, I understand we are splitting the west into two regions.  You are going to be doing the SW and socal per Mike's email.  I am attaching the curve files we have created.  Please take a look at them and make sure I am not missing curves or have included wrong ones.  We are only going to be setting published locations initially.  I am sending you the curves in three parts due to the size of the files.  The Index file has phys index and GDY, and the Phy file has BOM phys and GD.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. PL 
 attached are the curve files for your part of the West - basis, index, GDY, phy and gas daily.  Please take a look and make sure I have not put a curve in the wrong region.  Due to size, I am sending them in three different emails. Thanks. PL 
 I feel confident I can sell them on EBay for at least $25 a sleeve, so I will go at that way.  Thanks anyway.  Good luck. PL 
 I figure you are going to turn around and sell them on Ebay(current price is $77).  So, I will sell you the two pinnacle cases for $250, roughly $31 a sleeve.  I now have two cases of the titleist golf balls that will also sell at the same price.  I can send you a picture tonight, when I get home.  I can ship tomorrow or Saturday, I will pay for the shipping.  If you are interested, let me know.  Thanks. PL 
 Isn't it crazy.  Someone is selling a risk management book that they gave us in a class here for $900.  Unbelievable.  I am putting stuff out there tomorrow when it comes in.  We have a signature shop here that we can buy that same sleeve of balls for $4. PL 
 just confirmed it with the Vet school.  They asked we "keep it quiet" because they had to sign a confidentiality agreement saying it would not be promoted.  He said as long as the wind is not too strong, she will fly in the first 45 minutes of the show.  Record it and we can watch it when I am there next Friday. PL 
 The books title is Options, Futures, and Other Derivatives by John C. Hull.  The publisher is Prentice Hall and the ISBN # is 0130224448.  Thanks a million. PL 
 not sure what happened.  I think I am fixing to put a whole bunch of Enron stuff on Ebay, people are making money hand over fist with this stuff. PL 
 I think they have finally changed the way our addresses work.  It is phillip.m.love@enron.com for now.  We will see if it changes to UBS.  Where are you traveling to today? PL 
 That is funny.  I just ordered some more to sell on EBay, I can buy four sleeves for $16.50 and they are going for $40 a sleeve on EBay.  You might want to sell them.  We were actually a skit last week on Saturday Night Live.  Pretty funny stuff.  Keep working on your wife about Jazz Fest.  Ash is working her too. PL 
 Greg Couch forwarded your email address to me saying you were interested in some Enron logo sleeves of golf balls.  I have four sleeves of Titleist Tour Prestige 90 and 8 sleeves of Pinnacle Gold Distance golf balls.  Please let me know if you are interested and what you are willing to pay.  I am going to put them on EBay tonight if I do not here from you.  If you are not interested, I apologize for the message.  Thanks PL 
 Here is a rough draft of what we discussed yesterday, let me know what if any changes need to be made and we can sit down with Couch.  Thanks. PL 
 I apologize, we have been a little delinquent on the thank you cards this year, we are usually really good about it.  He got those horses and absolutely loves them.  We got him a fisher price farm for Christmas and he had just opened that when he opened the horses.  We couldn't get him to open another give for half an hour playing with those horses. They go great with the farm and plays with them all the time.  Thanks. 
 Do we need to make any changes to the EOL products?  I see that Steve South is now on the trader list, does he need any products for EOL?  I will work on the curves and get with you on a first pass.  Thanks. PL 
 will do. PL 
 Looks like due to the Enron debacle, you guys can make some money...On Ebay the cups I sent you are going for $50 and higher.  Make your money while you can. PL 
 east is done. PL 
 I suppose PL 
 here is the file.  You would change the two curve tabs and the publish tabs are linked up.  The BOM file is unchanged.  The two basis files now only have basis curves in them.  Let me know any changes you would like.  Thanks. PL 
 already got them slacker. 
 Here it is. PL 
 please let me know what risk types each of these postids is please. PL 
 thanks 
 I am going to call the vet school and check the authenticity of this. PL 
 Are you going to handle this? PL 
 I need all of your official post ids from your old books for the date of 11/30/01.  Please email them to me ASAP. PL 
 Please modify the curve files you are currently loading to incorporate the database changes.  These changes need to be made today.  Please ask myself or Russ if you need any help.  Thanks. PL 
 absolutely.  I will make the changes and have something to you this afternoon. PL 
 Pretty funny. PL 
 The West books should be GD and GDY for Canadian deals.  I would think that the central books should have two set up, one for P/B/I and one for GD.  I believe I had called you and said that the books should be set up like FT-ONT-GDL for the gas daily books.  This is correct.  Thanks. PL 
 thanks.  That sucks 
 should be Nicor and Northern Illinois.   If you want to round up the deal numbers/invoices and such, we can get together and I can show you the deals I am showing a variance on.  I took an adjustment to the desk for 5.7 million and that is for Jan 00 - Oct 01. production only.  Let me know. PL 
 I think there is also some stuff under a subsidiary of NICOR, Northern Illinois.  Make sure both are included.  If you guys can get the balances and which deal numbers are outstanding I think we can match up with the CPR reports that I have. PL 
 I was under the impression that there was an outstanding A/R and A/P balance on this counterparty in the 4-5 million dollar range.  Should be pretty noticeable. PL 
 March 13-16th.  You in? 
 I will get her on it.  I will have her wear on denise in the same manner I am wearing on you. PL 
 just win baby... 
 hahaha.  I am talking to Bosse on the phone and both of us fell out of our chairs with that one...You kill me chef Vito. PL  P.S. Bosse said bring your ass to New Orleans 
 I just saw a fare from SD for $68 roundtrip....I have to seriously consider moving out there if it is that cheap to go to Vegas. PL 
 What????  I thought that was your team?  I am a big raiders fan and I hope Chucky gets that ring this year.  Hey, FYI, we are getting a guys trip to Las Vegas for the first weekend of March Madness if you are interested - March 13-16th.  Got a room at the Mirage and it is $120 per person for the three nights.  I figure air fare is pretty cheap from SD, let me know if you are interested.  Take care. PL 
 Attached is the curve file for phys and gas daily.  I made this extremely simple on our first pass, but I left in the tabs that were in the old/current file.  All you would do would be to go to the fin tab and hard code balance of month price for each of the curve locations(yellow column).  This will then set the gas daily curve.  We will continue to true up to gas daily each day.  You may want to also reset the next day's curve as well, since this is a hardcode, you simply type over the previous day's load.  The phys tab pulls from the fin tab and adds the phys prem to it.  We can increase the complexity of this file by adding formulas or tabs if you like.  I figure you will want to keep your model and I can pull info from there as well.  I simply wanted to start out at a baseline and build it to best fit your needs.  Please let me know what you would like to see changed and we will do it.  Thanks. PL 
 that is absolutely hilarious.  I have heard a rumor that the Chargers are considering moving to LA....Is that correct?  That will be absolutely horrendous.  I saw the game of the century the other day on ESPN classics...Chargers vs. Dolphins 1983.  Truly awesome.  My man at the time Winslow(racist) got carried off three times. PL 
 I can not open the file...Is this the kid from the man show selling beer?  I have also seen him trying to buy beer. PL 
 thanks. PL 
 any changes in the Jazz Fest verdict? PL 
  Looks like the search continues. PL   http://al.com/auburnfootball/birminghamnews/index.ssf?/xml/story.ssf/html_standard.xsl?/base/sports/1011003305135328.xml 
 Thanks for the EOL products email.  I am attaching the curve files. The CA Basis is the California markets and the West Basis is Rockies and SW.  The third file is the GDI curves.  Please review and let me know if we need to make any changes or additions to this file.  They are pretty simple and straightforward and do not link to anything currently.  Let me know what you think.  I am sending them in three different emails because of the size.  I will have the physical/GD curve file to you by Monday.  Thanks. PL 
 thanks for the file.  I am attaching the basis curves we have set up and the GDY curve file as well.  I am finishing the physical as we speak.  Please look at these three files and let me know if you would like any changes.  We are only putting the published curves in the files, at least to begin with.  West Basis is the rockies at southwest curves and CA basis is the california markets.  Thanks. PL 
 Let O'Neal know if you will be in or out so that we can get some fillers. PL 
 Attached is a file from EOL that has all the current products.  We are trying to do a mass mapping for the systems of all of these products.  As you mentioned, not all of these products will roll out initially, but we wanted to go ahead and map them in the system.  I have put in the old trader's names in a column(column F).  If you could check out the list when you get a chance and let me know if you want to change the traders on any of the products and who will be trading the products for the traders that are not moving over(names highlighted in green).  Also, there are no current products under Jason Wolfe, Matt Smith or Jane Tholt.  Please let me know if we need to create products for them or if we will be moving existing ones to them.  Please also let me know which traders need to also have a physical book.  The list I gave you this morning is the financial books we set up.  Thanks for your help and let me know if you have any questions or concerns. PL 
 Is this value on these deals rought 8K? If so, tell portfolio acct to put them in and generate a PMA for the gas books.  It is not worth investigating for such a small number and the deal ended 12/01.  Are these the only four deals you have with the gas desk? PL 
 Per John Lavorato, we killed all desk to desk deals on Dec. 13th.  That is why this deal was killed.  You mentioned that you had price deals that were not killed.  Can you give me deal numbers for those as well and we can take a peak and see why they were not killed.  It is our understanding that all desk to desk(book to book) should be killed because no cash actually changes hands.  Should this deal have been with an external counterparty? PL 
 I agree. PL 
 As far as I know(see previous email), this is the most current list.  I would also use this list to verify the basis options are up to date - per our conversation earlier(Pat & Chance). PL 
 fyi 
 Done. PL 
 thanks. PL 
 come down whenever, we can find something to show you. PL 
 Would you mind sending Russ the list of your people that will need access to sitara in NetCo.  I have send him the list of traders.  Thanks. PL 
 For West: Risk(give these people access to all regions)- Phillip Love Randy Bhatia Melissa Videtto Stephanie Hopkins Ryan O'Rourke Zach McCarroll  Traders(just West access)- Mike Grigsby Phillip Allen Keith Holst Frank Ermis Jay Reitmeyer Jane Tholt Matt Lenhart Jason Wolfe Matt Smith  I will have Patti Sullivan from logistics send you her list.  Thanks. PL 
 I have set up the new basis curves for West and the are based off the old curves, so they are in the old format.  They are located in the Netco Directory under west/curves/CA BASIS NEW and WEST BASIS NEW.  I am still working on GDY and Phy/GD.  The Phy/GD is in the new format and will be located in the same directory as the above, with the title West phys curves.  GDY will be in the same location as filename West GDY and it is also in the new format.  The phys/GD file will be complete tomorrow and the GDY will be done today. PL 
 The desk took the adjustment and we were waiting on Lisa to verify the amounts on the A/R.  We need to know the variance on the A/R by month to compare to my analysis and we can then change the prices in Sitara.  The desk took a 5.7 million dollar expense PMA.  Please let me know if and when you guys have the info and we can get it fixed in Sitara.  Until this gets done, OA will have a variance on flash to actual because the desk already took the adjustment - we wanted to get it in for year end. PL 
 We need to take the central off before the NY, NY Market, southeast curve files.  We need to add the GDI East curve file.  Also add the two east phy/gas daily curve files - o:tds/tds curve/east/intramonth & gas daily files/eastprodnewstyle and eastmktnewstyle.  Sandra's curve file is o:tds/tds curve/east/fteast.  The P&L files are o:erms/1intra/ireport/2002/0102phy/regions/EATP0102 and o:erms/erms_adm/firmtrad/2002/0102/regions/Intra-East Transport 0102. PL 
 FUCK YOU 
 We just wanted to let you guys know of some changes in order to keep the te= rminations being processed in a timely manner.  It appears that all Netco e= mployees may be taken off of systems access for Enron this weekend.  In cas= e this is true, Darron and I have transitioned from handling these requests= .  Greg Couch is going to be leading the estate risk effort and Pat Ryder a= nd Chance Rabon will be handling all termination list issues.  Please send = these lists to these three people in lieu of Darron and I.  As a side note,= could you send an updated financial termination list(if this list has chan= ged since you sent it to me Kim) to these guys so that they can verify deal= s are moved to the proper book.  It is probably a good idea for future term= ination scripts to come through Greg before going to IT because of several = book moves we have made to facilitate reporting to Ed McMichael.  For examp= le the price book has been basically split into three books.  Please shout = with any questions or concerns you may have.  Thanks. PL 
 You know you got me all fired up now, I am going to put on the full court press to keep the tradition alive.  I am attaching a map from El Cajon to Houston for driving directions.  They say it will take 24+hours, I calculated the time and I think the jilly mobile can do it in 20.  Ashley is probably going to drive the Burban over to NO and I am going to fly because of work.  So you guys only have to drive to Houston and she will do the rest.  Sounds like a good idea to me(yeah right).  I will even throw in a Love trip back to SD this summer/fall if I can get a visit in April.  Two for one baby, you can't get a deal better than that except at Costco.  Plus, I almost forgot the best part - we have a little TV for the burban so you could get a little MLB 2001 action on the way.....(give me enough time and I will keep it coming)   PL P.S. - we also have the Milton's bread here(so you can make sandwiches for the trip to NO)  El Cajon, CA US   	 	Houston, TX US Total Distance: 1455.80 miles	 	Total Estimated Time: 24 hours, 26 minutes    </directions/main.adp?do=rev&1g=4cwja2rHsfPBNT6j8tKMQQ%3d%3d&1y=US&2s=TX&2c=Houston&1l=QnkhHLATxBs%3d&2g=6aNHiWDBE2s%3d&did=1010591674&un=m&2y=US&1s=CA&1c=El%20Cajon&2l=nqalDzEkLuc%3d&go=1&ct=NA>  </directions/main.adp?do=rev&1g=4cwja2rHsfPBNT6j8tKMQQ%3d%3d&1y=US&2s=TX&2c=Houston&1l=QnkhHLATxBs%3d&2g=6aNHiWDBE2s%3d&did=1010591674&un=m&2y=US&1s=CA&1c=El%20Cajon&2l=nqalDzEkLuc%3d&go=1&ct=NA>	 </directions/main.adp?do=fl&1g=4cwja2rHsfPBNT6j8tKMQQ%3d%3d&1y=US&2s=TX&2c=Houston&1l=QnkhHLATxBs%3d&2g=6aNHiWDBE2s%3d&did=1010591674&2y=US&1s=CA&1c=El%20Cajon&2l=nqalDzEkLuc%3d&go=1&ct=NA>  </directions/main.adp?do=fl&1g=4cwja2rHsfPBNT6j8tKMQQ%3d%3d&1y=US&2s=TX&2c=Houston&1l=QnkhHLATxBs%3d&2g=6aNHiWDBE2s%3d&did=1010591674&2y=US&1s=CA&1c=El%20Cajon&2l=nqalDzEkLuc%3d&go=1&ct=NA>  DIRECTIONS			DISTANCE  1: 	Start out going West on E MAIN ST towards S MAGNOLIA AVE by turning left.	 	0.03 miles  2: 	Turn RIGHT onto N MAGNOLIA AVE.	 	0.47 miles  3: 	Take the I-8 E ramp towards EL CENTRO.	 	0.28 miles  4: 	Merge onto I-8 E.	 	331.60 miles  5: 	Take the I-10 E exit- exit number 178A- towards TUCSON.	 	0.57 miles  6: 	Merge onto I-10 E.	 	926.69 miles  7: 	Take the I-35 N exit- exit number 570- on the left towards AUSTIN.	 	0.34 miles  8: 	Merge onto I-35 N.	 	5.31 miles  9: 	Take the I-410 S exit- exit number 162.	 	0.41 miles  10: 	Keep LEFT at the fork in the ramp.	 	0.14 miles  11: 	Keep LEFT at the fork in the ramp.	 	0.42 miles  12: 	Merge onto I-410 S.	 	0.86 miles  13: 	Take the I-10/US-90 exit- exit number 33- towards SAN ANTONIO/HOUSTON.	 	0.14 miles  14: 	Keep LEFT at the fork in the ramp.	 	0.26 miles  15: 	Keep RIGHT at the fork in the ramp.	 	0.28 miles  16: 	Keep LEFT at the fork in the ramp.	 	0.26 miles  17: 	Merge onto I-10 E.	 	187.19 miles  18: 	Take the SMITH ST exit- exit number 769A- towards DOWNTOWN.	 	0.38 miles  19: 	Turn LEFT onto FRANKLIN ST.	 	0.09 miles  20: 	Turn RIGHT onto MILAM ST.	 	0.09 miles  Total Estimated Time:			Total Distance: 24 hours, 26 minutes			1455.80 miles 
 I do not see why not, run it by palmer, since as of Monday he will be your lead. PL 
   Air Itinerary Trip 	Date 	Day 	Stops 	Flight 	Routing Depart 	Apr 25	Thu	N/S	468	Depart San Diego (SAN) at 7:00 AM and arrive in New Orleans (MSY) at 12:30 PM Return 	Apr 28	Sun	N/S	474	Depart New Orleans (MSY) at 6:05 PM and arrive in San Diego (SAN) at 8:05 PM   Pricing Trip	Type of Fare	Base Fare	U.S. Taxes	PFC	Passenger(s)	Total Depart	Promotional Fare </fares/m7rnr.html>	$ 110.70	$ 11.30	$ 3.00	2	$ 250.00 Return	Promotional Fare </fares/m7rnr.html>	$ 110.70	$ 11.30	$ 3.00	2	$ 250.00 Total 	$ 442.80	$ 45.20	$ 12.00		$ 500.00 
 What is up my California buddy?  Staying out of trouble?  Things are going pretty good here.  You believe Steve Spurrier?  IT is a great deal for Auburn and the SEC.  Time for a new dog to get on top.  What is my little friend Emma beans up to?  I bet she is growing and talking up a storm.  Are you guys coming to the Fest this year?  Just to offer you a little encouragement, I found a special fare for you out there on southwest non stop both ways....here is the link.  Only $250 a person.  Let me know big dog.  You know we can not have the tradition ended. PL http://iflyswa.com/cgi-bin/showOrPrice 
 looks like Florida will not be very good next year.  They are losing their best players to the draft.  All three of their receivers and their best cornerback and offensive linemen have now declared for the draft today.  Add to that they can not get a coach to sign on.  Shanahan just turned it down, they are now going to New Orleans offensive coordinator.  See what happens.  Did you get your pool cover fixed? PL 
 done. PL 
 Saw this morning we hired Petrino.  I did not realize how successful he has been at the college level.  Three times his offenses have led the nation in offense.  He also did a good job with Quarterbacks.  He has three playing in the NFL now that he developed.  I think this might be a real good move.  How are things there? PL 
 I fixed 1127631, the other deal , I do not have a confirm from you on and it is already priced at NX1 + basis.  Please let me know if you need something further on these deals. PL 
 FYI - I have