 Where are you?  I'm leaving today at 4:30, I've got to get some things done. 
 Do you want to go to dinner sometime?  Maybe I'll have you up to the house where I can do some REAL cooking! 
   Bob,  Please note the following picks;  Paul Lucci - Oakland Joey Brewer - Oakland  I know I still owe you $160.00, remind me and I'll write you a check.  Paul 
   Max,  Please look this purchase proposal over and forward it on to the applicable parties.  This proposal is completely open for negotiations, you can reach me at (303) 575-6474 to discuss this proposal further.    Sincerely, Paul Lucci 
 Here is some more bullshit from CIG.  I wish they could get these tie-ins going!  I'll be out of the office Wednesday returning Friday late morning.  I'll be calling you but if you need me call me on my cell (303) 810-5708.  Tell Matt "Broncos all the way!" 
  This is why I like blondes! 
 I'm leaving for Wyoming tomorrow and will be out all week.  Let's try and get together some other time.  How are things with you? 
  Mike,  Here is the proposal we had discussed today.  Please look it over and I will contact you early next week to discuss it further.  Thanks again Paul 
   Mara,  This is updated.  I'll be using this hot list.  Thanks Paul 
 You are not bothering me and I will tell you if you are.  Your right I don't like to gab on the phone for long periods of time, but I like talking to you. I like to keep everything short and sweet. So, tell me when I'm going to see you again.  You will miss the big Limo party on Saturday.  Too bad the car is full.  And, even with a bad ankle I can still dance. 
 I know I whant to find THAT girl! 
 Good morning, I do feel better today.  I think being outside yesterday brought out the worst in my cough.  Good luck in your talks! 
 Hey,  What's up with you?  I have been out all day so I just got in.  What's new? 
 =20 
 Who is telling you that they "Love You?" 
 That's good!  Is that at the Broncos' game? 
 Did I upset you?  I hope I didn't tell you anything you didn't already know. 
 This is a Gas Daily call deal.  The deal is still alive and underway.  The volumes have been taken to zero due to the fact that CSU has not called on any gas, lately.  Please get with Tyrell Harrison on the confirmation as this deal is still valid.  Thanks Paul 
 Heidi,  Here is my vacation schedule for the remainder of the year.  I should have 4 days to carry over once you take all these days into account.  Please tell me if this is correct.   Vacation: November 1st December 26th - 28th   Thanks Paul 
   As you all understand the state of our trading condition, this email is to inform you of another two counter parties who have explained to me why they cannot do business with us at this time.  Dominion E & P and England Energy will no longer sell us gas, until they see clear direction and can accurately predict the outcome of the Dynergy/Enron merger.  They both wish us good luck and wanted to say this is strictly a business decision and that they would want to continue business once we get things resolved.  I'm sure you both are seeing this type of thing first hand.  I feel like I'm back in high school trying to date without a car.  They said it then like they say it now, "it's not you Paul, we just feel we would be better off if we found someone new."   Paul  PS  I have signed the document and have Fed Ex'ed it back to Houston. 
 test 
 yes, completely crippled.  he had to leave his car and take a taxi! 
 The existing position with these guys is that we have been buying gas month to month.  1,500/d from England Energy, and 15,000/d from Dominion E&P.  I'll keep you posted on additional conversations. 
 That was funny!  I laughed my ass off.  Sorry I didn't call you, I left my cell phone at the office.  Have a happy Thanksgiving! 
 Yes I had a good weekend.  What about you?  Mark talked to Heidi today, so....... 
 Call me later tonight at home.  I kinda busy today and I want to get out of here early.  I'll talk to Mark about your start date.  Are you bored? 
 What are you trying to say? 
 Hello,  Thanks for sending me an email.  I appreciate the interest and found your profile to be interesting as well.  But, I feel I'm at a disadvantage due to the fact that your profile doesn't contain a picture.  Are you sending a picture over later, or making me guess as to what you look like?  Drop me a line and we can hash this out.  Paul 
 Hey what are you guys doing partying without me.  Yes I have been traveling, in fact I have been gone almost all October, up through the 15th.  But I'm finished.   When are you thinking of getting together? 
 Hello,  Thanks for the email.  I would like to talk more, but since I don't know yo= u I haven't a clue as to what to talk about.  I did notice you live in Morr= ison, do you work there also?  I like that area.  What about you and this s= ervice, have you been using it long, and do you like it?  Drop me a line an= d I'll start firing back questions.  Paul 
 I did have a good Thanksgiving, how about you?  Thanks I'll put this number on the deal ticket.  Paul 
 I just went down to the mail room.... I'll call you. 
 Extremely, AND everybody got a flower on Saturday night except me because you weren't there to buy me one!  What's up for this week, my hot tub is still crying out for you.  Oh by the way I figured out why the water is so harsh on your skin.  So, I will need to fix that ASAP.   It's giving me a rash, at least I hope that's what is giving me a rash.  See ya! 
 ME! 
 Oh yeah things are changing every minute!  We are partying!  What about you? 
 Hey call me tonight at home, so we can catch up! 
 Thanks for the email.  I have finally picked out a car, it's the BMW 540i.  I'm looking for a Black car, 2000 or newer.  Thanks for all your help.  Paul 
 Yeah, actually we are throwing a happy hour tonight.  You should meet us for drinks.  I'm going to lunch now, so I'll talk to you later. 
  Now here is fine one! 
 What did this week look like?  I'm out but I bet a lot of people are too.  Shoot me the updated list please.  And what's up for the weekend?  I'm starting early! 
 Carole,  Wow you are really bringing me down!  No I don't feel uncomfortable giving you my information.  I do want you to know that you have always been a pleasure to work with and I hope we can continue working together in the future.  If you get some time off, hopefully time off with pay, come to Denver and I'll take you skiing!  Paul   Paul Lucci 4761 Yates CT Broomfield, CO 80020 cell (303) 810-5708 Hm (303) 469-6768 email  I need to get it fixed, I've been receiving everything here at work. 
 That's so weird, I'm been running around the office all day today yelling; we're done, we're done. But only for a different reason.  Do you want your old job   back?  Congrat's on school.  Come down here and buy us a drink! 
 We ARE working!  But we don't know if we are getting paid.  We are in the process of moving due to the construction we are doing.  But after that who knows?  They are laying off over 80% in Houston.  We are just standing-by waiting on the next piece of information.  What did you do this weekend?  Did you go out with your "friend" JP? 
 Hey you.  I just came back to my office, the one I'm moving into once all the construction is over.  Only the contractor pulled out and all construction has come to a stop!  The contractor, Todd, isn't acting all that honestly in this bankruptcy stage.  Where and what time do you want to meet tomorrow? 
 Call me on my cell 303 810-5708.  I want to know what's up with tonight. 
 What is UP my brother?  Yes the executive management of Enron blew the company up.  The largest bankruptcy in the history of the WORLD!  I don't know why these numbers are coming up.  So, all I do is wait around and do personal shit.  I am in for skiing, I've been looking for a deal on housing but so far they are only publishing the discounted rates for the coming two weeks.  I need to get dates from Mike so I can look to book something.  He is still talking to those Brazilian chicks so maybe we have action!  How's everybody doing?  OU really hit the skids late in the season.  What's up with that?   Ask Mike about the naked pictures I've got.  Later for now The Looch 
 Hell No!  Ever since last weekend when you made up some bogus excuse about having to celebrate Natalie's birthday and not being able to party with me, I've been sulking!  What's up for the weekend.  Here's what I have going on; Friday Night-Office Christmas Party, Saturday Night-Hot Tubing with random chicks (any interest?). 
  Check this out it goes on for ever. 
 Well maybe next time I should lay off the free drinks!  I've been screwing off all week.  I went to the AV's game last night and I'm just getting into the office now.  Man I love this job!  Paul 
 Hey where's the happy hour? 
 Great job with Ty!  Now what about the rest of us? 
 I received your email but I could not get to your profile.  I'm getting an error message when I try and bring it up.  I hope you receive this email, if you do see if you can correct the problem on your end. 
 Hi,  I did make the cut and I'm one of the three, in fact I've got to stay around for a certain period of time before Enron will let me go.  I think I'll stay put through the holidays and then see what happens during the first part of January.  I hope your flight went well!  It looks like the weather will be nice on Friday and cold and snowy on Saturday.  Enjoy your time on the slopes and I'll talk to you soon.  Paul 
 I have attached my resume.  I had to use one of the other guys emails because I was having some problems with my system.  Look forward to seeing you on Thursday. 
 Hey,  I'm not going to be able to get this in on time. 
 Don't worry I'm not going to do it.  Don't I still need to collect from you for the loser's pool.  $60.00 
 No need to apologize! I figured you were busy doing something.  We did not go skiing yesterday, it seems that even though we are in a period of "No Work" something always comes up and needs to be done immediately.  I will be around tonight.  I would of tried you later Monday night but I didn't get back to my house until after nine and last night I was at the Nuggets' game watching the San Antonio Spurs, my hometown team, have their way with the Nuggets.  I'll call you after 8:00 pm MST.  If it works tonight great if not I'll keep trying.  You can fill me in on your job.  Paul 
 Mark,  Theresa asked me to forward this information on to you we will follow up to make sure you received it.  Thanks again for everything and I hope all is well with you.  Paul 
 Theresa asked me to forward this spreadsheet on to you.  Paul 
 What about renting a Limo Saturday night Oct 27th for all the Halloween parties.  $87.00 all inclusive per hour with liquor.  We can seat 10. 
 I can't believe it!  Why?  Well good luck in whatever you do.  It's always been a pleasure to work with you and I hope our paths cross again in the future.  You should look to come skiing now that you have some time off.  Take Care Paul 
 Charles figure these questions out! 
 We are thinking of renting a Limo Saturday night, and hitting a few parties what do you think. 
 Call me during the day so we can get it all planned.  I'll talk to Tia to make sure everthing is cool. 
 We are meeting for drinks after work today, so if yo wnat you can meet us.  If not the REAL happy hour is next Thursday so you better be there.  What are you doing on the 27th? 
 That's a Wednesday night?  Are clothes involved?  And can I take pictures? 
 Larry,  I'm checking your email so if you get this sind me an email back. 
 Hey it's too late for you.  There was a Thursday night game and your rules state, and I quote "During weeks of Thursday night games, all picks will need to be in by noon on Thursday."  Therefore see you later, and thanks for playing.  Sorry, but rules are rules.  Happy Hour Friday 10/26. 
 I have a customer in town Thursday night, so we will be taking him out to dinner, than to the Nuggets game.  I still want, and I'm planning, to go to the concert on Friday night, so don't count me out.  We will have to do dinner some other time.  Make sure we talk on Friday because I have an open house from 3:00 to 6:00, and I'll start drinking and forget the plans.  How is everything else going.  I had a GREAT time on Saturday night, so I hope you did also. 
 yes, what time & where?  Jerry Padilla wants to go. 
 Willie G's is fine.  I don't know if Mark's coming.  Is Jerry? 
 That's my boy! 
 Are you in today? 
 So, if I have made payment under this plan will these new CD's I've ordered be free even though they have initially been accessed a charge?  Can you just check my account to see how this new order will effect it.  Is there any way you can provide me with a phone number to speak to someone?  Thanks Paul 
 You can be my personal assistant.  What's up with you on Saturday night?  Are you feeling any better today?  Don't worry it will all work out! 
 I won't be able to go with you Friday night, I wasn't even invited.  Keep in touch and we will figure out a time to get together. 
 What is going on? 
 What's up with you?  I talked to Mark, we both decided.....NO WAY!!!!!!!!!  No just kidding, you better get your best dress ready for you interview!  Your interview questions are going to be REAL TOUGH!  Paul 
 Updated hot list; 
 Mark is saying that your the top candidate for this position.  No matter what I say I can't change his mind.  Man I can hardly wait!!!!!! 
 Don't worry he has made up his mind so no matter what I say I can't change it.  What are you doing later this week?  Now that you have a job you can take me out. 
 I just hung out yesterday and worked around the house and watched football. 
 After I got you message I blew off the trip downtown.  Instead I watched football and worked around the house.  I was able to get a couple things done that have been left undone for awhile, so it was worth it.  You are leaving town for a couple of weeks?  Where are you going?  I'm free every day except Wednesday. 
 Who got spanked?  Hopefully Natalie!  We are partying on Halloween. 
 I'm free everyday except Wednesday.  So it's up to you. 
 Yeah, let's do lunch on Thursday!  Who are you going on your vacation with? 
 Yeah when are you free?  Let's do something! 
 I just got your message, are you on the computer right now? 
 Too slow to Cyber Chat. Call me at work (303) 575-6474 
 What's Up?!  What's OUR plan later this week?  What day/time/where? 
 Saturday and Thursday night, what else do you want from me?  Where were you thinking of meeting, what theater? 
 Why not Saturday? 
 Oh I can handle it!  Can you? 
 Contact me directly, I always want to be involved! 
 Stock symbol ENE, Company that you would be working for is Enron America's or Enron North America.  There should be an Enron web site.  Enron.com 
 Did you get my voice mail about the logistics of tomorrow night? 
 Yes you are!  So does that work, for me to meet you at the restaurant at 6:00? 
 Here is the latest on our search for a new condo.  Search Over!  Due to the recent drastic fall in the Enron stock price, $90 in Jan. to $8.50 today, we have postpone our search.  So we will have to look for a place to stay.  Rental rates may be too expensive in Vail, so we may have to look else where.  We are off to a late ski season this year, it's November 7th and it is very warm here.   I'll start looking for leads on housing.  I also have a paid trip to Cancun in February the 21st - 24th.  Keep me posted on everything. 
 Hey Jack needs to only talk to me.  And, what color are you wearing?  I would hold on Enron stock for now.  I think it is a long term buy but I don't see anything good on the immediate horizon so I think you may get a better price if you wait.  Are you wearing Jeans tonight. 
 Yes I'm going to the luncheon today.  I also brought jeans, but I too am wearing a skirt so I won't deprive YOU of a look at MY legs. 
 Hello;  How are you today?  I talked to Alicia she is going to talk to you then provided everything is cool, which I think it is, she'll buy the tickets and I'll pay Mark.  So, I've got you covered.  What do you have going on Friday.  Want to come over to my house and play?  I'll be out the majority of the day but write me back.  Paul 
 What is the plan for tomorrow for lunch.  Do you want to meet me downtown?  I'll be out the majority of the day.  Talk to you soon.  Paul 
  I'll forward you these emails when I get them. 
 The concert was great!  We had box seats so we drank for free, which is always a plus.  As far as Enron goes we definitely need this Dynegy deal!  What's up with you this weekend?  We are going to the wine tasting thing on Saturday, right?  What about Friday night want to play doctor? 
 Debra,  I haven't been involved in these final rounds of contact changes so please get with Gerald so we can get this contact out the door.  Paul 
  Gerald,  Can you get with Debra on this contract I don't know why she is still jacking with this.  How's everything else going?  Oh, I called Darrin on those credit figures that will be needed for that amendment to the Kennedy Oil contract, has he called you?  Paul   PS  Our trip to Vegas isn't looking great right now! 
 I briefed Scott, +8 into WIC & +1 CIG Wind, both at the mid.  I'm thinking about the 2000 A8, they start in the low 50's.  I think I'll take out a loan and secure it with Enron stock and stock options! 
 This is a test to see if you receive this email.  Good luck! 
 Do you want to meet for lunch Wednesday?  Then spend the night, or at least until you have to leave?  WE can hot tub! 
 Sorry I have been out of the office on vacation and business.  I'll call Basler ASAP.  What about you, what's up? 
 I was meaning for you to come down Wednesday night.  I have lunch plans already, sorry.  Is that ok? 
 Hey, where are you?  Did you get my last email?  Paul 
 I was wondering where you were.  I've got tickets to the Broncos' game on Sunday, would you want to go?  Also, I need to get back to working on buying gas delivered off the Jonah system, so can we talk about delivery points and rates? 
 Hey what are you up to today?  Are you still planning on meeting me for dinner?  Paul 
 Yeah Baby, that hits the spot! 
 I'm looking forward to it also.  I may not do the ski training class tonight, I'm worried about my ankle.  So, if I don't I'll be ready around 6:30.  I'll keep you posted.  Let's talk later. 
 When you get a chance call me. 
 What you had a birthday without telling me about the party!  What did you do?  What are you guys doing for Halloween? 
 Dear Abby says; call her, hunt her down!  If you don't want her I'll take her or at least I'll take her after you. 
 The latest at Enron is Business as usual.  At least that's what they want us to believe.  I think we will be effected eventually, but it will take time for Dynegy to figure out what they have.  I don't think anything will change for us until at least the middle of next year.  Hopefully they send some of these Enron directors to jail!  Nothing new with me.  I've got pictures of Robin, she's the girl you met at the Rock Bottom in Broomfield, I think you should see! 
 I promise.  In fact why don't you and Bob take us to the Rio on Friday so we can drink, I mean forget about our troubles. 
 Plan on 6:30!  Studlet 
    I received this email from Karen Taylor at Duke Field Services.  I have been working with her on gathering deals whereby ENA could purchase 3rd party gas on the Jonah Gas Gathering system.  As you can see, a numerber of our larger trading counterparties are not willing to trade with us, but are unwiling to tell us directly.  I hope this is a short term problem, as most of the larger counterparties account for the majority of our transactions.  I've included the second part of the email to show you both that I am willing to extend myself in whatever manner to bring value to the once mighty Enron.  PS  I haven't been able to close any deals with Karen, but I feel that I am very close! 
 Hey thanks for the Thanksgiving invitation!   I thought I would die from exhaustion if I had to drop one more hint.  I'll either whip up one of my famous gourmet dishes or stop off at the liquor store for wine, and if I do bring wine it will be the very best box wine 7/11 has to offer.  But in either case I will not be bringing any of my hotties, I'm having them all sent out for chemical bathes so they will be clean for the holidays.  Thanks Again  Paul   PS  At dinner, see if you can seat me next to Nadine, I'll owe you! 
 Hello yourself.  I did fall back asleep, in fact I even overslept.  But I 