 At the very least, the cancellation charges are theirs. 
 Being revised currently, but lays out the deal: 
 I'll work on them over the weekend. 
 Hi Lee,  Can you confirm that the retention amount for the "old" turbines? I've got $705,200 per.  Thanks,  Kay 
 It would help if you could take a quick look at these few changes.  Kay 
 I don't think so. 
 Maybe Mark doesn't know about Lance's trip. 
 Warren helped a little yesterday, and Theresa has offered to do my expense account.  I'll limp by miserably until your return.  Kay 
 I'm swamped.  I got up at 430 to work this am.  Got here at 7 yesterday so I could go to the game.  Those young uns recover quickly, don't they?  Still missing you,  Kay 
 Not that this is a big deal, but I heard a voice mail from Mark stating that Lance is the DASH guy while Mark is in DC.  Maybe that was deal specific.  Maybe we can grab something quick and eat upstairs.  I am underwater. 
 Kathleen,  John Keffer, Bill Parrish and Andy Schifrin need access to Midway on Deal Bench.  Can you handle this for me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Acknowledgments of General Electric Company   General Electric Company (=01&GE=018) hereby:  (a) acknowledges that the assignment by DevCo to LLC and quitclaim by ENA= =20 to LLC of all of the Assigned Rights is permitted under Section 22.2(a)(vi)= =20 of each of the Assigned Contracts and furthermore, agrees to such assignmen= t=20 as contemplated by this Agreement; and  (b) acknowledges that, as of the Effective Time and pursuant to Section= =20 22.2(b) of each of the Assigned Contracts, (i) all references to the=20 Purchaser or the Agent in each of the Assigned Contracts shall be deemed to= =20 be references to LLC, (ii) the Assigned Contracts and the Assigned Rights= =20 (which include, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, any and= =20 all associated warranties in connection therewith) and Assumed Obligations= =20 shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of LLC, (iii) each of= =20 DevCo and ENA shall be irrevocably relieved of and forever discharged of an= d=20 from all liability  under the Assigned Contracts, and (iv) GE shall look on= ly=20 to LLC for the performance of the Assumed Obligations assigned pursuant to= =20 this Agreement. 
 Absolutely. 
 Hi again,  Delta Power will be making revisions to the LLC for tax purposes.  I've given them your email address to include you in the distribution.  Kay 
 Here's the letter agreement I referenced in my other email.  Kay 
 Hi Rhett, I'm working on one of these turbine transfers via the sale of 80% of the equity of the LLC.  I'll forward the operative docs to you right away.  In any event, here's a change the counterparty wants to the tax language in the letter agreement.  Kay 
 Please see the two additions below. 
 Lets at least get the Florida ones done.  Any idea why she didn't go? 
 I thought you were supposed to have your toes in the sand in Florida.  I'll have to check with Kathleen on the details of the documentation for the various development companies.  If there are a couple most active we can put those on the top of the list.  Kay 
 Well, you know how casual lenders are about commitment letters... 
 David,  Do you know if we are meeting on Monday?  I haven't heard the final word.  Kay 
 Hi Wilson,  It would be great if we could talk this week.  I'm under the gun right now, but will you be available on Friday for a chat?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Carolyn,  Please send to the counterparty (subject to further Enron review).  I suggest a conference call with Delta at 100 to discuss where we are.  Kay 
 I had a momentary lapse.  Too many turbines, not enough time! 
 I remember that the longer I played softball, the bigger the women were. When I was in my late 20's and early 30's, I played men's league, and I think they were smaller than the women! 
 Ben called this am and said we can go ahead. 
 How does Wednesday look for a conference call?  Kay 
 I'm ok.  Theresa Zucha has generously offered to help me with my expense account, which I really wasn't comfortable asking Warren to do anyway.  Thanks for asking.  kay 
 New and hopefully improved version, changing confidentiality and the statement in the term sheet on structure.  Kay 
 You may have these for Tex Mex.  John expects to use something similiar on the coal plant, but obviously that is up to you.  Kay 
 This will be yours when you get back - same counterparty as Tex Mex, I think.  I'll finish this and forward you some other docs.  kau 
 As requested, here is the current draft of the Midway LOI.  The counter party has not seen this draft yet, so this is still preliminary.  I'm reviewing the term sheet re toll.     Kay 
 Ok. 
 Hi Lee,  I haven't checked to see if the PS Stabilizers are included.  How does this look?  Kay 
 Opps.  No, I don't have anything yet.  I got a message from Ben 2 hours ago that said to hold off on Montana Power.  Did you hear differentlly? 
 The issue is getting an assignment agreement that GE will sign.  I've requested copies of the docs signed on the Pastoria deal, which is the most recent GE frame assignment transaction.  That should be our starting point.  Kay 
 We are going to hold the limits the same in this contract, and take the extra on the purchase on the replacement equipment.  Kay 
 Hi Chip,  Have you seen anything from Hancock re Delta?  I haven't.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Sheila handled FV.  Today was the first day I had seen them. 
 Danetta worked it for the  Fountain Valley project.  How long has she been here?  I didn't know there was anyone other than you. 
 No problem. 
 Hi Billy,  Can you take a look at this since the Hermanator is out?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Yes, this stuff is for the purchaser's bank. 
 We have a conference call at 200 with Delta.  If you are interested in returning to the deal you are welcome to jump back in. I suspect the letter agreement will be signed sometime this week.  With closing to occur later this month.  It is up to you.  Kay 
 Here's what GE is signing up for this week.    I would like to see their opinion letter.  Kay 
 Anything else for the term sheet?  Feel free to add it and return to me. 
 Hi Danetta,  I heard a rumor that you are the one to look at this stuff.  I know that you recently went through the process in connection with the Fountain Valley transaction.  I'm happy to serve up those forms to Freshfields if that makes it is easier for you.  My number is 713 345 7566.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Carolyn and/or John, could one or both of you give me a call as soon as  you are available for a conference call with Chris Calger, Steve and me.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Units will be 19, 20, 23, 28 (no serial # on 28).  I think the amounts and pricing stays the same. 
 I would think the policy would still be in place, but I don't remember what it is. 
 Good luck! 
 I guess go back to the original contract performance numbers.  The other numbers must be specific to the site for the Las Vegas project.  Kay 
 That sounds really interesting.  Let me see if I can change one appointment to make it work.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I didn't tell them, so the rumor mill must be working. 
 Hi Pete,  Are the performance numbers the same as the original master numbers?  I recall some email traffic on this.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Karen,  Could I get a copy of whatever the latest version is of the GE consent for Pastoria?  We have a potential deal coming up to move some frames out of TurboPark, so I would like to see the current state-of-the-are version.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Kent,  I don't know whether Lee has mentioned the Delta Power deal that we are working on.  We are taking 4 turbines and putting them in an LLC, and selling some of the interest in the LLC to Delta Power.  Three of the turbines are turbines formerally known as LV Co Gen turbines, and we are buying new LM's to replace the ones we are using here.  In any event, Delta Power is financing the deal, and they have asked that we get GE sign off on the attached documents.  Therefore, I would be interested in your response to the attached.  I understand that Lee is in New Orleans today, but I'll send him a copy anyway.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I wouldn't call them until after you've taken the flight! 
 FYI and Ken's review (no offense, John). 
 Here's the latest revision of the Delta letter agreement. I'm reviewing it now.  Kay 
 That's my One Pass number.  ckm 
 Wow, you are up early for a man of leisure!  Kay 
 is this your flight?  Have you seen your ticket?  It isn't in my name,  is it? 
 I agree.  They are really taking their time.  It makes me think that they would sign up as is.  What an optimist!  Kay 
 I came in too late to know whether it was offered or asked for, but yes, it is a deliverable.  The Delta deal is being financed, so they are asking for a lot of docs, including a letter from GE counsel.  To make it more fun, there are complications with the GE consent on the Pastoria deal.  It is not a happy time between GE and Enron, but I hope it will smooth over quickly.  More to come.  Kay  PS.  Still no comments from NorthWestern. We need to talk about how scheduling problems Easter weekend if this thing drags on. 
 Comments from Enron Finance. 
 Hi there,  I suggest that we have an Enron only call at 230 central on Sunday, in advance of the  300 call with Delta.  I believe the call in number is 877 232 0064, pass code 25581#.  Kay 
 For your reading pleasure. 
 Enron is trying to buy some GE turbines to use in projects. 
 I have taken what I believe this is the most recent form of the GE turbine contract, changed to reflect the difference in purchaser, and filled in some of the blanks.  I have compared it against the Delta redline that Rick sent me this afternoon, after having accepted Delta's proposed changes for the purpose of running the comparison.   The notes included are placeholders since I wasn't clear if these items will change with the equipment swap.  GE is also reviewing Salmon Energy Agreeement version 2.  redline   Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Lee,  Here is the new turbine contract, blacklined against the March 27 version.  I look forward to speaking with you soon.  Kay 
 You might check to see if this looks like the one in the binder.  I believe it is one and the same.  Kay 
 You have excellent sources. 
 We are trying to close with Delta, and they saw a March 20th draft.  Also, I had it  revised to take out E Next and substitute the llc.  So now I have two versions.  Just trying to get it clear.  I've spoken with Lee about revising the contract to pick up the new contract, leaving the "old" turbine in the master agreement, to be included in the LV Co Gen break out contract.  Couldn't be simpler.  Kay 
 I'm an expert at being a rabid fan and excellent arm chair manager.  I keep waiting for the Skipper to call for advice.... 
 I would love to take you up on it, but I'm already lined up to go.  I'll take a raincheck!  Thanks for thinking of me.  Kay 
 I'm on the phone with Mark H. (the big guy) 
 I feel bad.  I'll at least leave a message for him this weekend. 
 I can't open the form, but I'm good for $50.  Is this something Enron can match? 
 I would guess "yes".  I don't know that I like the idea either. 
 I'm on a conference call which I hope will end by then - a deal we are trying to close today.  YIKES!!!!  Kay 
 Larry left me a voice mail.  Would you mind calling him and telling him that I am tied up on a conference call that is likely to last until 500, so I can't call him until after then.  I would really appreciate it!!!!!!!!  XXXXXOOOOOO  CKM 
 I got a form that consultants sign, and I'll compare them.  Kay 
 4. If during the Term, MPC determines it does not desire to proceed with th= e=20 purchase of the Turbine, MPC shall promptly notify ENA in writing, and this= =20 Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the earlier of the date of ENA= =01,s=20 receipt of such notice or the expiration of the Term, without any further= =20 liability of either Party to the other hereunder.  If, during the Term, ENA= =20 determines in good faith that it is unable to negotiate for the sale of the= =20 Turbine due to circumstances relating to the generator, it shall notify MPC= =20 and refund the Consideration. 
 Chris Calger wants the financing CP removed, and we have a call scheduled at 200 to see if we can get to agreement with Delta. 
 Have I written you back yet?  It is such a zoo, I can't remember.  I've started this email 3 times.  I'm going to the Astros game on Thursday in the Diamond seats.  I'll watch for Ric.  Both Neil and I will be there.  I love those seats.  That's where I'm sitting on opening day, also.  I'm sure you will be at a game soon. Remember how nice it was this time last year for those first games?  It is no nice with the roof open. How many games do you have tickets to this year?  They have James Coney Island outside today.  I ate most of two hot dogs.  I bet I'll be sleepy soon.  I brought them back up here, so my office will probably still smell like chili when  you come back.  Guess I'd better get back to work.  Rest up and get well.  Kay 
 Stephen  is trying to set up a conference call at 200 re Delta.  Please advise if this doesn't work for you.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I need the name of the other party involved in Ft Pierce so that John can clear conflicts. 
 fyi 
 Becky.  I had four days of vacation, March 19, 20, 21, 22.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Most recent version. 
 Just go ahead and turn it, putting in a [Note:] for any missing pieces.  That will make it easy for me to search.  Thanks, and have a good weekend.  Kay 
 Did you mean for your home number to be on the out of office message?  Kay 
 Yes.  How's that for an answer.  I think you want to revise against this version, since this is the latest version Lee has seen, then blackline against the 20th version.  THANKS!!!  Kay 
 Hi again,  I'm going to have some tweaks on the letter agreement, but please go ahead and distribute to Delta for their review.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I don't know why I have trouble with your email address. 
 Hi Pete,  I have a fire drill for you.  This contract needs to between Salmon Energy LLC and GE, with no agency reference.  In other words, a CA Development form.  Any chance of getting this today?  The delivery dates on one of the turbines will be changing, as is the payment schedule.  Also, the designation of one of the turbines will change.  Salmon will be receiving units 19, 20, 23 and 28 (a new one).  Thanks,  Kay 
 Huh? 
 FYI.  Please read. 
 fyi 
 Hi there,  I don't know who has or wants to look at the deal docs, but here's the main one.  I'm giving it a close look this am, since I haven't been involved in this deal for a little while.  Herman, this is the transaction we discussed on the phone a couple of weeks ago.  Lisa and Catherine, I'm pondering the logistics of selling the new turbine in the pack with the current ones.  I have a call in to Lee Johnson to discuss it with him, just to make sure he is on board. I know it can be done, we just have to figure out the paper trail.  Chip, I haven't received the Hancock letter yet.  Stephen, your close review of the document would be greatly appreciated.  Talk to all soon,  Kay  PS.  Anna Claire Sole arrived at 200am today. 
 Well, things are hopping around work!  Dan and I have barely had time to say hello, and you know how I am about getting my dose of Dan.  I've got several deals going great guns, so you know how that goes. I had lunch with Stuart and Kathleen today, and that was fun.  Neil and I have a date night tomorrow, so we are trying to decide what to do.  I suggested we just walk around the downtown hot spots, if the weather is nice.  I've got diamond seat tickets for next Tuesday's opener.  I'm going to tell Ben that I have female problems and have to go to the gyno so he will leave me alone.  I figure if that doesn't do it, nothing will.  Neil gets to go with me, which is really nice.  It is a 4 o'clock game, which I think is a neat time.  Daylight savings time starts next week, so I guess the sun will be setting as the game ends.  I'm glad baseball season is back, although I did gave away our tickets to tomorrow's game.  Carlos and his wife waited around all day to be called in to go to the hospital so she could be induced.  Texas Women's was too busy to take them. They finally called them in at 700 tonight to come in, so I guess they will have a late night.  You bottle of bubbly is in my kitchen.  I keep hoping to have an hour to bring it by.  I figure it will be good  no matter when you get it.  My transfer to Power Trading is back on.  I think some of the work I do is transferring with me, but I'm not sure.  In short, I don't know what the difference will be.  It isn't supposed to happen until May, so I'm not giving it too much thought.  Elizabeth gave me a brochure for another seminar - this one in Newport Beach at the Four Seasons.  I'm liking the sound of it!  I miss you terribly, as does Neil.  Take care and get well quickly.  It isn't the same without you!!!!!  Kay 
 FYI. 
 What do you think of this? 
 Is this for the  turbines being sold to Delta as opposed to the new replacement equipment?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Excellent observation.=20 
 John,  Note their lawyers are Paul Hastings.  We need to take that into consideration.  Kay 
 Hi Carlos,  Jake called and said he wants to sign up Delta tomorrow (Friday).  I had a conference call with John, Carolyn and Rick Vincens, and we are pushing forward.  If you read this, could you tell me about any critical issues. Also, has there been a risk memo started, and has Accounting signed off on the structure?  I'll get up to speed on this during the evening, and will take your deal toy when the deal is done.  Kay 
 I don't believe we need Keffer's input to process the LOI.  I can have their power guy look at the term sheet if we think we are done with it. 
 You shouldn't have told Ben. 
 No room at the inn for today and probably not tomorrow.  Carlos says he will be here tomorrow unless something happens tonight.  Kay 
 AE,  When you get a minute please send me your favorite option agreement so that I can get it Hermanized.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Good.  Does that mean I'll see you there? 
 Per your request. 
 Mitch/John,  Here's the form of LOI I was thinking of using, in draft form.  I don't know how much information we are prepared to fill in on the term sheet.  If we don't have enough to fill in we can always skip the term sheet for now.    Kay 
 I'll nose around here. 
 We need to cancel Michael's appt with Sharon for that Monday.  Also, why don't you try to find at least 2 people to go with you to the Astro's game on Tueday.  I'll come if I can.  ckm 
 I only have you out on April 5 and 6 on my calendar.  Is there another day? 
 Yes and no.  They were supposed to call at 5am to see if they should come in at 700 (space permitting).  If no space is available, they are to go in at noon.  I'm guessing they went in at 7, since I think he would have called to say they haven't gone in.  Just a guess, though.  He has his computer at home, so I think if he was sitting around he would drop us a note.  Kay 
 You are referring to the purchase and sale agreement, right?  I'm not asking him to do anything on the LOI.  I haven't spoken to him in person.  I'll address it when we connect.  Are you available this afternoon to talk to him with me?  Kay 
 Here's a draft for your review.  We should talk about the generator before this is sent to MPC.    Kay 
 I haven't read this, so I don't know if it is anywhere close to your deal, but here's a bootleg copy of the Frontera agreement, just to give you a sense of some type of starting point.  Kay 
 Well, Ben's POA is executed, it is just a matter of getting some of the poa's for the subs worked out.  Come see me whenever you want. 
 I didn't know there was one. 
 I got this from Carlos from a deal he and Carolyn have worked on.  Note that the language sounds familiar.  Someone must have sent this form to NorthWestern.  I suspect an Enron person.  Kay 
 I agree it is Matt, and  I believe he has reviewed this tax stuff (or at least other turbine K's) before.  His concern will be us getting some amount of advance notice before title transfer (ie, delivery).  Obviously, he might have some other comments as well.  I'm happy to send him the latest, or maybe he can access the site?  Kay 
 Fyi 
 If someone can give me the name and address of Montana Power, I can finish the exclusivity agreement today.   Kay 
 I'm not aware of an override agreement with ABB.  ckm 
 Suitable for printing. 
 Ben,  I made a minor adjustment to the LOI re: exclusivity.    Policy states that any time we sign up to exclusivity we are supposed to get it approved by Mark Metts, Tim Detmering and the CEO of the affected business unit.  Seems a little silly in this case, but it can't hurt. (yes, I know we didn't do it with the turbine stuff)  Kay 
 Remember the count down! 
 Michael is off school April 13 and 16.  I have 3 deals which are supposed to close around then, so I'm not optimistic.  If possible, I will take at least one of those days.  On the summer camp, if we use a camp by you, we will probably lose Charlotte for the summer.  Does that matter to you?  Kay 
 Hi Wilson,  Can you open this attachment?  Kay 
 Hi Karen,  Sounds familiar.  I'm sure you checked this, but in some of the GE contracts, the parent guarantee provision is under the purchaser's responsibilities section, near the beginning of the contract.  A strange place for it.  Good luck,  Kay 
 for your information and email folder 
 Whichever is better for Charlotte. 
 much grass 
 Tonight is yoga night.  ckm 
 Thanks for the reply.  I found it on her desk!  Kay 
 attachment contains overview 
 I had a brief conversation with Herman Manis, and he tells me that there is a different interpretation of accounting rules relating to power plants. Strangely enough, the change is one which should (I hope I hope) make power development projects easier.  In the past, we ran into problems anytime we wanted to build a power plant and take megawatts off of it.  Herman tells me that the current interpretation now focuses on the operation and maintenance of the plants, and not the power purchase agreement relating to the plant. This change in focus should make power development deals easier to structure.  I would still like to set up an Intro to TurboPark meeting with Rose Engeldorf.  Rose is currently involved in a push a couple of deals in the West this week, so it may be a bit before we can get it set up.  A meeting with Herman would also be helpful.  Maybe we can buy him lunch and quiz him on these new developments.  Kay 
 These are both pending, but just so you know they exist, I'm sending this along.  Once these are signed I'll send you copies.  Kay 
 Are these ok with you? 
 I'm thinking MK may not be email proficient.  Also note WordPerfect documents.  I bet her secretary had to come into the the office on Sunday. 
 Right. 
 Pete,  Please send John Schwartzenburg a copy of the Fountain Valley transformer contract.  Thanks,  Kay 
 My recollection is that the original ABB contract was assigned into TurboPark without revisions/restatement/consent, or a break out contract.  I think EECC had the typewriter on the original contract.   I quickly  looked in my TurboPark binders, but didn't immediately find the ABB contract.  There was a breakout contract done for the CA Development deal, and Pete Thompson (with AK out of DC) would have generated that document.  It wasn't approved by the TurboPark team since it was entered into by the Enron LLC post TurboPark.  I wasn't involved in the Fountain Valley transformer contract, but my guess would be that Pete Thompson worked on it.  The footer you described sounds like an AK footer.  Kay 
 I'll leave that up to you.  We can make faces and pass notes if you come over, but I suppose that isn't essential to the transaction. 
 Good morning,  How about 130 today for a conference call with John's new best friend?  ckm 
 Well, let's try someplace else.  What can you think of in walking distance? It is a lunch for a new lawyer in our group.  Kay 
 I was wondering what I was going to do in my spare time! 
 Let's see if I get your address right this time.... 
 Gentlemen,  Attached is a clean version of the LOI.  Originals are being sent to Bob and Marvin by FedX tonight.  Regards,  Kay 
 hours are 7-630, program runs 9-4.  Maybe we should try church there.  I found the receipts.  We should have taken the forms with us to the auction to save time.  Oh well, live and learn.  Pork chops and spinach?  ckm 
 It was operator error.  Do you know the hours of summer camp?  I put a call in to ask, just in case you didn't know.  I kinda like the Methodist angle, and the swimming pool.  He needs more swimming lessons.  Kay 
 Could you re-send that summer camp website address?  The one I got on the page didn't work.  Thanks,  Kay 
 What's your phone number? 
 I thought about you every day, but I figured you'd be better off with peace and quiet.  My dad is doing fine.  He is very relieved to have it over with.  Last week was just nuts.  Are you still in a lot of  pain?  It takes a while to get your strength back, so don't push it.  Your body has a lot of healing to do.  Aren't you glad you used the Torso Track so that you had decent abdominal strength? It is amazing all the things you use those muscles for.  I can't tell you how much I miss you.  Take care, and I'll write if there's any good gossip.  Kay 
 Suz's temporary replacement can't find the Matagorda Fair receipts I left for Suz.  We may been to call to get duplicates. 
 Elizabeth,  I would like to have a flat screen monitor, if possible.  Thank you,  Kay 
 Works for me.  Kay 
 Thank you so much.  I'm really looking forward to seeing the Rangers, and what a great place to see them.  Kay 
 Kathleen,  Carlos has Illinois, so keep him copies please.  Kay 
 Hi Reagan,  Sure.  I'm digging out now.  Kay 
 Hi Bob,  Any info?  Kay 
 John,  Thanks for driving in to the office so you could send these emails.  Don't forget to mail the hard copy.  I appreciate your help.  This deal will need it.  Ciao,  Kay 
 Wonder how much worse it would have been if we had started with a doc that you and I liked. 
 The changes look fine to me.  Kay 
 I'm looking at it now. 
 I haven't heard anything from David or Scott.  Have you heard anything from Marvin or Bob?  Is there a meeting confirmed for Monday?  I'm on another conference call re landfill.  Yikes.  Kay 
 Ben/Chris,  Unless something new comes up, I think we finished the letter agreement.  I'm awaiting a revised draft now, and if it is acceptable to NW, they will sign it and fax it to me tomorrow morning.  Maybe on Ben's layover we can have a discussion about where we go from here from a schedule standpoint.  Talk to you tomorrow,  Kay 
 I have  a better chance of remembering "mamona".  I have to build up to the good stuff.  My home number is 713 973 6325.  If call notes picks up, try me on my cell at 713 304 8716.  Did you find the fax?  You can fax it to me if that speeds up you getting out of the office.  Call and let me know.  Thanks,  Kay 
 So how do you say "bitch" in Spanish? 
 Ben,  I'm at home if you need to reach me before the call, 713 973 6325.  Kay 
 fyi 
 Opps.  I should add that Mr. Hodge has a free pass to miss this and all other NW phone calls.  Kay 
 Hi there,  Just confirming a 200 CST Enron team conference call.  Is this going to work for everyone, with the exception of Carlos, who is now excused?  Kay 
 FYI.  I don't know what I think about this email.  I will say that I've heard good things about Clark, but haven't worked with him.  Also, there is a big difference between a transmission project and a power project, since tranmission assets are treated differently from an accounting standpoint. Obviously, I don't consider the question of who is handling this (internally or externally) to be resolved, pending further discussions.  Kay 
 John or Marissa, please call me at your convenience on my cell, 713 304 8716.  Thanks,  Kay 
 my cell phone is charging, give me 30 minutes.  ckm 
 Mark Haedicke approved the hiring of King & Spalding for this matter.  I will drop Mr. Derrick a voice mail, but I would faint if he objected.  John, we need to talk about the sale of the LLC, and the generation of a draft doc re same.  Please let me know if you are available today to discuss this transaction with Sr. Jacoby and me.  Additionally, it would be helpful to discuss the tolling arrangement with Ken.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi there,  Feel free to leave me an email about anything you are working on, as I will be available next week and onward to cover for you.  In fact, if you want to stay home and go with KS to her dr's appt on Monday, I'll be there to cover. In fact, just PLAN to not be there, and if you are, it is a bonus.   I don't you worry about anything when it gets to be baby time.  If you do figure out remote access, I can email you questions and you can answer when it is convenient.  Paige is almost 21, Michael is 6.5.  It goes fast!!!  Ciao,  Kay 
 Please put Carlos Sole on the notice list.  Thanks,  Kay     Lorie Leigh @ ECT 03/23/2001 03:31 PM 
 Hi Bart,  I think it is an East deal, so I wouldn't think it would be dumped on you.  I just think it is nice to see the good stuff.  Kay 
 March 23, 2001   =20 Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street=20 Houston, TX  77002-7361 Attention:  Benjamin F. Jacoby Executive Director  Re:  Acquisition of General Electric 7EA Turbines  Ladies and Gentlemen:  Pursuant to our discussions last week, the following summarizes the main=20 commercial terms agreed to by NorthWestern Corporation (=01&NorthWestern=01= 8) and=20 Enron North America Corp. ("ENA") regarding NorthWestern=01,s purchase thro= ugh=20 the LLC referred to below or as otherwise accomplished without violation of= =20 the Turbine Contract referred to below (the =01&Purchase=018) of two (2) Ge= neral=20 Electric (=01&GE=018) 7EA combustion turbines (the =01&Turbines=018), the f= irst of which=20 is presently located at a GE storage facility, and the second of which is= =20 scheduled to be available for delivery in February, 2002, and both of which= =20 are subject to purchase from GE under an agreement with GE dated as of May= =20 31, 2000 (the =01&Turbine Contract=018) with respect to which ENA has the r= ight to=20 cause a joint venture limited liability company in which, prior to commerci= al=20 operation of the Turbines, ENA holds a 20% equity interest and a wholly-own= ed=20 NorthWestern subsidiary (the =01&NorthWestern Subsidiary=018) holds an 80% = equity=20 interest (the =01&LLC=018) to become the purchaser:  1.  Purchase Price:  NorthWestern will pay ENA $48.0 million for the Turbin= es=20 (subject to adjustment as described below). [Adjusted how?  Need specific= =20 reference. Is the statement that the payment is for the turbines consistent= =20 with the structure?  Definitely sounds like a UCC deal,  for what that=01,s= =20 worth.] 2.  Closing Date of Purchase:  The Purchase will close on a date on or prio= r=20 to September 1, 2001, as selected by NorthWestern by not less than 30 days= =01,=20 written notice to ENA,(provided that such notice may not be given less than= =20 30 days after the signing of a definitive agreement relating to the=20 Purchase).  [What happens at closing?  Payment of the balance?  In the=20 interim are we going to be obligated to perform under the GE contract in a= =20 certain manner?  Are we taking on implied obligations to NW?] 3.  Cash Down Payment:  NorthWestern will pay ENA an $8.0 million down=20 payment for the Turbines.  The first installment ($3.0 million) of the $8.0= =20 million down payment will be due upon the signing of a definitive agreement= =20 with ENA providing for the Purchase.  The second installment ($5.0 million)= =20 of the $8.0 million down payment will be due at the earlier of (i) closing = of=20 the Purchase, or (ii) July 15, 2001. [The remaining $40m due at closing, as= =20 well as any other amounts due to changes, etc?] 4.  Liquidated Damages:   If, prior to the assignment of the Turbine Contra= ct=20 [is proper reference to closing?], the purchaser under the Turbine Contract= =20 receives any liquidated damages under the Turbine Contract, then ENA will= =20 give notice thereof to NorthWestern as promptly as possible. [Then what?] 5.  Carry Period:  ENA will provide an interest-free carry on the unpaid=20 purchase price of the Turbines until July 15, 2001. If the closing of the= =20 Purchase occurs after July 15, 2001, then the unpaid purchase price of the= =20 Turbines will be increased by interest at the rate of 7.5% per annum on the= =20 unpaid purchase price of the Turbines ($40.0 million) for each day from, an= d=20 including, July 15, 2001 to, but excluding, the closing date. 6.  Dual Fuel Conversion on Unit 2:  ENA will not proceed with this change= =20 order to effect the conversion.  Instead, it will be the responsibility of= =20 NorthWestern to effect the change order with GE.  [does this mean they will= =20 be negotiating a change order while E Next is still the purchaser? Are we= =20 committing to pay for the increase?  Does the purchase price increase?  Is= =20 there a limit?] 7.  Unpaid Price of Second Turbine:  At the time of closing, one or more=20 installments of the purchase price of the second Turbine will be payable to= =20 GE under the Turbine Contract (the =01&Unpaid Installments=018).  ENA will = be=20 obligated to pay the Unpaid Installments to GE as they become due under the= =20 Turbine Contract.=20 8.  Guarantees:   There will be no guarantee by Enron Corporation of any of= =20 the representations, warranties, covenants, indemnities or other obligation= s=20 of ENA in connection with the Purchase.  All obligations of the LLC under t= he=20 Turbine Contract, as well as all obligations of the NorthWestern Subsidiary= =20 to ENA in connection with the transaction, will be guaranteed by NorthWeste= rn=20 Corporation.  [governing law? Limit on remedies/damages for this letter? Dispute resoluti= on?  NorthWestern and ENA have acknowledged that, subject to review and approval= =20 of the structure of the Purchase and the negotiation of final documentation= =20 relating to the Purchase (which documentation will incorporate the commerci= al=20 terms set forth above), the above commercial terms have received all=20 necessary NorthWestern and ENA internal approvals. [Is this true for Enron?= ] =20 In light of this acknowledgement, NorthWestern and ENA (by signing this=20 letter in the space provided below and returning the same to NorthWestern)= =20 agree to negotiate, in good faith, to agree upon such structure and such=20 documentation, with a view to executing and delivering a mutually acceptabl= e=20 definitive agreement relating to the Purchase as promptly as practicable. F= or=20 the avoidance of any doubt, it is expressly stated, acknowledged and agreed= =20 that each of NorthWestern and ENA must be satisfied with such structure and= =20 such documentation in its own discretion.  [I question whether there is enough wiggle to keep this from being a bindin= g=20 obligation to sell]  By agreeing to the commercial terms set forth in this letter (by signing th= is=20 letter in the space provided below and returning the same to NorthWestern),= =20 ENA grants NorthWestern, and NorthWestern grants ENA, an exclusive =01&no s= hop=018=20 period through the close of business on Friday, April 13, 2001; and ENA=20 agrees that, during such =01&no shop=018 period, ENA will not discuss or ne= gotiate,=20 directly or indirectly, with any person or entity other than NorthWestern f= or=20 or in respect of the purchase or other acquisition by such person or entity= =20 of the Turbines; and NorthWestern agrees that, during such =01&no shop=018 = period,=20 NorthWestern will not discuss or negotiate, directly or indirectly, with an= y=20 person or entity other than ENA for or in respect of the purchase or other= =20 acquisition by NorthWestern of turbines from such person or entity..  As=20 consideration for ENA agreeing to such =01&no shop=018 period, NorthWestern= will=20 pay to ENA, via wire transfer on the date of receipt by NorthWestern of ENA= =01,s=20 signed agreement, $1.0 million (the =01& No Shop Payment=018).  The No Shop= Payment=20 will not be subject to refund by ENA for any reason or upon any circumstanc= e=20 (including, without limitation, failure of NorthWestern and ENA to agree up= on=20 the structure of, and enter into a definitive agreement relating to, the=20 Purchase). =20  If ENA is in agreement with the foregoing, then please so indicate by signi= ng=20 this letter in the space provided below and returning the same to=20 NorthWestern (by facsimile at 605/978-2840 and to the attention of the=20 undersigned).   Very truly yours,   NORTHWESTERN CORPORATION     _____________________________ By: Michael J. Young Title: Senior Corporate Counsel     AGREED AS AFORESAID AS OF THIS 23rd  DAY OF MARCH 2001:   ENRON NORTH AMERICA CORP.  ________________________________ By: Benjamin F. Jacoby Title: Executive Director   [Need a different Enron signatory] 
 Sounds perfect.  Unfortunately, Bart works on West deals.  I'll talk to my boss (Jeff Hodge) and see what he says. 
 Evidently Ben told Chris to call.  This is an on going problem.  Kay 
 That will help. 
 Hi John,  I'll be glad to consider using Aaron.  Let me take a look at the agreements first, before we commit.  Did Bob Carter work on these agreements?  He might have copies, and he won't charge us for them.  At least I don't think he will.  Thanks for your understanding and patience this week.  Kay 
 I saw that Michael Young was included in the email regarding the 100 conference call, so I thought he was planning on phoning in then as well. When will he be calling in?  Kay 
 okey dokey.  I'd let Marissa mess with sending it out.  Kay 
 I'm still out of town, but now I have email access.  Did your CA get taken care of?  You mentioned that you feel like we can use Tex-Mex as a go-by.  Do you have electronic copies of the development agreement?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Will there be a "pre-call" for the Enron team?  Kay 
 Chris,  Please do not ask outside counsel to participate in a call, undertake a task, or do anything without talking to me, Carlos, or another Enron lawyer first.  You do not need to call Carolyn and tell her not to participate.  Carlos has taken care of this already.  Kay 
 Thanks.  We'll call you around 100.  Kay 
 Hi Dan,  What's the latest with Suzanne?  Is she home yet?  Do you have her home number/address?  Thanks,  Kay  PS  I'm still out of town. 
 We are contemplating selling the Blue Dog turbines to NorthWestern.  I've been out of town with a sick dad, so I'm not clear who has been in the loop and who hasn't.  However, since these are TurboPark turbines, I wanted to make sure you are aware of the deal.  It is the commercial teams desire to enter into an exclusivity arrangement as soon as possible.  Sorry for the short notice - today is the first day I've been able to pick up my email.  Kay 
 As best I can tell it isn't essential; however, it would probably be helpful.  I know you are on holiday, so if you have something else going on, I wouldn't worry about it.  I can always call you later.  Kay 
 First order of business.  Again, we can discuss this on Monday.  I think Ben (or one of his minions) called Carolyn and asked her to be on a telephone call today.  I have reacted with righteous indignation, and Carlos is going to tell her it is not necessary for her to be on the call.  I really hadn't intended for Carolyn to work on this transaction.  Talk to you Monday.  Kay 
 I'm out of town, but can donate next week.  Kay 
 Good news. 
 BELIZE FISHING    Five Nights High / Low Seven Nights $2508 / $2169 Casita $3418 / $3004 $2670 / $2310 Plantation Room $3623 / $3214 $3223 / $2661 Windsor Suite $4358 / $3741  Prices are in US$ and per Couple. High Season: November 1, 2000 through May 15, 2001 Low Season: May 16, 2001 through December 15, 2001 Guided trips for mackerel, grouper and snapper. Fly-fish for tarpon and bonefish or troll for wahoo and barracuda. ? ? YOUR FISHING PACKAGE INCLUDES:  Round-trip air transfers between Belize City and San Pedro;? Transfers to and from the resort;? Overnight accommodations in a casita or deluxe room, double occupancy;? All Hotel taxes, baggage handling and gratuities;? Welcome cocktail on arrival;? Full meal plan: breakfast, lunch, dinner daily;? Three half days of flats or reef fishing - 5 night package; Four half days or flats or reef fishing - 7 night package; If you like, the Chef can prepare your catch of the day!? Rates are in U.S. Dollars per couple, double occupancy. Additional nights and/or other accommodations may be available and priced accordingly. Prices valid high season and low season only. A $200.00 per person deposit is required to make reservations. Final payment is due 45 days prior to travel. Not included are bar drinks, items of a personal nature and tips for guides. Unused package features are non-refundable. International airfare not included, but available. Inland Belize adventures may also be arranged. A valid U.S. passport is required to visit Belize.? Contact us for further details or if you wish to make a reservation.? 
 FYI.  Please call me on Monday to discuss, if possible.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I've spoken to the Brunini firm in Jackson.  Kay 
 Jeff,  It looks like Ben has made some good progress with GE re:  Blue Dog turbines.   This really helps.  As you can see,  I now have email access.  Kay 
 Here is the current draft for your review.  In addition to the changes which were made, there were some valid comments made by Beck and Christi, which I think need to be addressed, but can be addressed in the definitive agreements.  Please revise carefully and let me know if you have any comments.  Kay 
 I know you don't have enough to do...  I can't access the press release part of the Enron intranet site.  There is a blurb that appears at the bottom of all Enron press releases, which is one of those Enron is a leading blah blah blah.  If you can easily find that blub, would you mind forwarding it?  Sorry for asking.  Kay 
 I'm out of pocket the rest of the week. I think the best description is the general Enron Corp description.  It is very generic, and is found at the bottom of all Enron press releases. If I get access, I'll forward it to you - unfortunately I can't access it now.  It is one of those "Enron is a leading blah blah blah" things.  Lots of help I am! 
 Did I send this to you yet? 
 Hi Carlos,  I should be easy to reach on my cell until around 930 Tuesday.  Feel free to call.  In my absence you can feel comfortable talking to Jeff.  He seems pretty reasonable and easy to talk to.  Plus, he knows a lot about Enron stuff.  You will want to discuss the risk memo with him, copying Sheila I guess.  Ask Jeff.  Like I said before, I'll back you up on whatever decisions you make, for whatever that's worth.  My folks  number (just in case you lost it) is 817 292 3367.  Ciao,  Kay 
 I heard a rumor that Carlos Sole has been tasked with the Mitsubishi consent.  I'm sure he will do a great job.  Kay 
 Sorry I didn't come up with more concrete examples.  I'm really concerned about my dad, although I try to deny it.  I still think that we should insulate ENA on the next deal.  Kay 
 http://www.victoria-house.com/lovers.html  then browse! 
 I like it.... 
 Carlos and I are discussing options right now. 
 Every day? 
 I'm working at home today, headed to Fort Worth tomorrow.  I spoke to Carlos shortly after you were up there, and he mentioned you were looking for an org chart, and he recalled that I had sent him one.  Kay 
 FYI. 
 Ben,  I will try to be on at least part of the phone call on Thursday, technology permitting.  Kay 
 Nothing is simple. 
 More org stuff.  Randy must now be with EWS Legal, since I see he is in an office on 38.  Kay 
 Attached for your reading enjoyment is an indicative org chart.  As you might guess, there have been some changes since this was published in December.  Kay 
 I sure hope it is this week.  It will either be this week, or a while.  How's that for keen analysis?  It would seem to me that if we end up with breakout contracts signed by E Next, we should use the break out form, plus an override letter.  What do you think? 
 Steve,  Merchant Energy Ventures doesn't have auditable financials, but NorthWestern Corporation will give GE a corporate guaranty for MEV. Let me know if you run into difficulty verifying their financial status, as I'm sure we can get you something. In addition, Enron North America will have the responsibility to make the future payments to GE as these payment obligations exist as of the closing.  Kay 
 Hey Andrea,  We are going to FW tomorrow, as my dad is having surgery to unclog one of his carotid arteries.  I'm kinda nervous about this one.  Everything else is going well.  Michael, Paige and Neil are all well and happy.  Paige has applied to the Astros for a summer job.  Seems like a long shot, but she really wants to do it.  Michael has a kid in his class named Colin Waters. His dad is the travel secretary for the Astros.  Unfortunately, I haven't met him yet.  I can't wait to hear about your reunion.  I know it will be a blast.  Have fun!  Kay 
 Well, there's a little lesson in the value of being polite to EVERYONE. 
 Here's a general description of the steps:  Letter agreement signed Final form of break out presented to purchaser (not executed by Enron LLC) $ deposited in escrow TurboPark notice given  Closing date:  TurboPark closing docs signed (bill of sale, assignment & assumption) LLC signs breakout contract Amended LLC, other closing docs executed Money released from escrow to Enron Enron pays off TurboPark  This is how it worked on the Intergen deal.  I was unsure from your email if you see a problem with this process.  Kay 
 Sheila,  If I were starting over again, there are a few things I would change.  First, the development fee as presented in this draft doesn't work.  Second, I would put all the put/call details in the llc agreement.  Third, I would make the put/call available anytime GE agreed to it.  The development fee has been discussed generally, but not fully vetted with Herman.  Kay 
 Don't mean to lecture, especially via email.  Just trying to give some constructive suggestions! 
 Reagan,  FYI, it would bother me if Marvin called our outside counsel.  If you want me to call David,  just ask.  I'll be glad to do it, although I don't suggest bugging the other parties' counsel too much.  It uses up relationship capital, and it causes the counterparty to incur expenses they may not want to incur.  Another FYI -  I don't much like Enron commercial folks calling Enron outside counsel unless we've discussed it in advance.  It violates Enron policy.  So once we have outside counsel on board, you still deal directly with me, and I'll manage the outside resources.  It really works better that way.  Kay 
 I cannot imagine a shirt larger than the one you received.  Yikes.  Sounds like Neil still has a chance for a new shirt.  We'll have to allow extra time next Monday for a double de-brief.  Kay 
 Please confirm that Beck's comments nos 1 and 6 are acceptable for the loi. I would include in this email, but I don't have an electronic version with me.  Reagan, if you have an electronic version, could you forward it to me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Gee, I was kinda hoping we would have the opportunity to dump stuff on EEOS= ,=20 not the other way around. =20  ckm 
 Reagan,  I don't suggest it, especially since this is not an "off the shelf" deal. There are so many moving parts to this deal it could slow it down in the long run to get someone else involved for a few days. It is like getting a new commercial guy involved for 4 days. I'll defer to the great and powerful Oz.  I should be available most of the day, so let's see how things go.  Kay 
 I think Ben's time frame is realistic. I assume we will enter into an assignment and assumption agreement with Sithe, to which GE will consent. In addition, we may need an override letter to the turbine contract to address the E-Next/accounting issues. GE is familiar with what we need in for E-Next, which should help expedite matters.  Kay 
 I don't have any significant comments, but I picked up a couple of minor typos.  From a structure standpoint, I think Enron doing the construction (and taking price risk) may be a structuring challenge, but I understand that's a bridge to cross later.    Kay  PS  I hope Mark isn't reading this today!  Great wedding. 
 Federal jurisdiction and limit of liability verbage.  That's what comes to mind at this point.  Could you email me the most current version (I think it was March 3)?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Reagan,  I haven't received an email from David Hunt yet.  I will make the changes you and I discussed last week, and perhaps we will get David's changes sometime today.  Kay 
 Well, welcome to EWS.  I like Mark Frevert, and I've heard good things abou= t=20 Greg Whalley.  Also, I like working for Mark Haedicke. =20  Kay 
 I really like that one. 
 Hi John,  Sounds like we are now reunited in the same legal group, EWS.  True? =20  Kay 
 Kathleen,  We need to set up an LLC for the Blue Dog turbines.  Chris had proposed some names at some point, then Ben had come up with something.  I now can't remember what it is.  Anyway, it needs to be on the list for next week.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Is that a general offer to help, or just an offer to help me find the Blue Dog contract? 
 Don't be too grateful.  I think Jake wants you to weigh in no matter what. He obviously values your opinion.  My personal opinion is you put the comments in front of Lee, and if he doesn't like them, the answer to Delta is no, we have no leverage to get your changes.  Kay 
 hey, you're on vacation.  NO WORKING 
 Thanks for the quick turnaround.  Kay 
 Jake is ready to tell Lee who the purchaser is and get permission to "tell all".  I think that's a good way to go.  I have to confess that I didn't look at their comments to the turbine contract.  I will be glad to do it if you want.  Jake said that Bill Williams had some discussions with Delta, and he thought maybe some of their comments were no longer germane.  Bill has received their comments, but I don't know his reaction.  Kay 
 Ok, by now you think I've lost my mind. I can accept that.  I believe this is the most current version which should form the basis of the Salmon LLC contract (formerly known as LV Co Gen facility agreement).  Kay 
 As mentioned in my other email... 
 Hi Pete,  There's been a Plan B developed on the LV Co Gen project.  We are seriously exploring the possibility of selling the current LV Co Gen turbines to a third party, by selling the equity in a project co which acquires the turbines.  Sound familiar?  Yes, it is CA Development III, only it is called Salmon somethingorother llc.  I anticipate that the most recent version of the LV Co Gen contract will need to be adapted to the CA form - no E Next Generation or ENA as agent.  I believe Dale has been working on some tweaks to the form you last worked on for LV Co Gen, and I assume these tweaks belong in the "new" Salmon contract.  I will forward you the most current form that I've seen, and Dale can protest if he thinks this is the wrong one to work with.  Carlos Sole  is the lawyer in Houston who will be herding these cats.  His number is 713 345 8191.  I will be out of the office next week, but will periodically check my voice mail if  you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I figured it was a long shot.  Have a great weekend. 
 Wow. That was quick!  Now I'm out of excuses...  Kay 
 You're on.  He's getting to be such a good age for theater.  ckm 
 Big surprise! 
 My guess would be the week of the 4th of July, then again sometime in August.  I agree that he really should see it.  If you want to take him, that's great, or we will be glad to take him.  Kay 
 I give up.  How in the world did you jump to that crazy conclusion? 
 Hi Janette,  If the tickets are still available, I would love to have them.  I realize I was a little slow on the draw this time!  Thanks,  Kay 
 We are also working on a couple of change orders. 
 I didn't redact it, but Ben might have a copy.  I can email you the electronic file of the intact document. 
 You lost me.  We talked to Jake about it, and the two issues were GE consent and accounting treatment.  At least that's how I remember it.  Kay 
 Needs to be vetted with Herman at some point.  If Jake wants to negotiate something else with GE, I'm all for it. 
 I took her in a while back for the cough, plus she goes in every 6 months for kennel cough and hearworm test.  They haven't said much and I haven't asked. Afraid to, I guess.  I got Kaley when I was with my former boyfriend, and she's been through it all with Paige and me. 
 Sounds like a good match with Ruthie and Murphy.  My old dog, Kaley, is really sounding bad.  She has a cough that just won't quit, which has gotten worse over the last couple of years.  I think it is her heart.  She's 11 years old, and moves slowly.  Rosco owns the familiy now.  He is so quiet, but friendly.  Just likes to hang around close to everyone.  I'll miss him when I'm in FW.  ckm 
 Hi Rose,  Was the Blue Dog override letter signed for TurboPark?  I didn't see it in the TurboPark closing docs.  Of course, I could have missed it.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I believe this to be the applicable assignment language.  I'm confirming.    Kay 
 Please calendar for me. 
 I'll have to send the notice separately.  John's number is 713 751-3254.  Kay 
 Look at you.  More work! 
 Hi Wilson,  I spoke with David Hunt, and he has no problem with you representing Enron Power Marketing in the proposed transaction with Clarksdale and Yazoo City. Please let me know if you  have any other potential conflicts.  Thanks,  Kay Mann 
 Peggy Banczak is the ENA lawyer who handles Mexico. 
 For better or worse, all the folks under the heading "Origination"  and "Development" are ours, although Kathleen has a special role with Development.  Kay 
 Yes, but this time it is his carotid artery - the one that transports blood to the brain.  Big deal kinda stuff. 
 I'm not planning to get involved since this is your deal.  Is that ok with you? 
 Hi there.  Is the site plan approval a different document than the development order?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I have a change in plans next week.  My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth, so I will be heading that way on Monday.  I was planning to be on vacation anyway, but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise.  I will manage client expectations accordingly.  Kay 
 I need to have a form filled out that says I don't have health insurance coverage through Enron.  Can you find out who I need to send it to in HR?  Thanks,  Kay 
 OK.    Enron North America Corp. 
 I think he will absolutely love it.  Our wedding is at 4, but we can bring him over earlier if that helps with the museum trip. 
 Hello.  The commercial team  has asked that I forward this document to you for review.  It is a development agreement for a project in Florida.  We have attempted to address the accounting/E-Next issues, but please advise of any desired changes.  Thank you,  Kay    PS  Pardon the formatting.  It will be cleaned up by those with the ability to do so. 
 I sent it to J. Cogan, but I can send it to other folks as well. 
 Attached is a general bio.  Please let me know if you need something different or additional. 
 How's the weather? 
 Sounds like a family man. 
 Are you available? I thought you might be interested since DDuran will apparently be there.  I'm scheduled for vacation. I'll arrange an invite if you are interested.  Kay 
 For calendar.  I may go straight there in the am. 
 Great.  We would like to take a look at it.  Sounds like something fun for our family.  I'll call to set up a day/time, if that's ok with you.  Kay 
 Life's pretty tough when your mom (opps, he calls me "Mother" now) won't let you watch tv on the way to school!  You guessed right, I really enjoy our time together in the am, and I don't want to compete with Pokemon.  Kay 
 C. Kay Mann  C. Kay Mann is a native of Fort Worth, Texas.  She graduated from the=20 University of Houston with a bachelor of arts degree and a jurisdoctorate= =20 degree.  She began her practice as a trial lawyer with Hays, McConn, Rice &= =20 Pickering, where she was elected partner in 1991.  In 1992 she joined Fish= =20 Engineering & Construction as General Counsel, later becoming Vice Presiden= t.=20 Ms. Mann joined Enron in 1999 as senior counsel for Enron Engineering &=20 Construction Company (EECC). During her tenure at Fish Engineering and EECC= ,=20 Ms. Mann=01,s practice included project development and financings in North= ,=20 South and Central America and Europe. Since early 2000, Ms. Mann has=20 practiced in the Enron Wholesale Services legal group, focusing on=20 power-related transactions in the United States. 
 Hi Greg,  I just wanted to mention that if we are going to bust the percentage rule on the option payment, there is no incremental damage in having the option payment credited to the purchase price of the land.  As for officers of the development company, I would use Dave Duran.  Ben holds a power of attorney, but isn't an officer.  Hope you get email!  Kay 
 No.  We can talk about it when you we meet in a little bit. 
 I'm still on it.  We are still working on the term sheet. 
 Maybe on Saturday. 
 fyi 
 Did you look at it on the website?  It looks like fun.  Michael and I could probably have fun on the quiet water days.  I'll need a ladder, so I'll have to break the news to Pop Pop.  Kay 
 Details.  Do they want one of the turbines before Sept? 
 Hi,  I saw your posting concerning the kayak. Do you still have it?  Where is it located?  I may be interested.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Thanks John. I got a huge kick out of Paige struggling with the email to you.  She's a terrific writer, but had horrible writer's block.  I think it was the dose of reality which comes from looking for a job.  Kay 
 Shepherd, near San Felipe.  Very close to Peggy's house. Peggy should be there, also. 
 Got it.  Good hint! 
 Anytime in the next hour is good, since I didn't eat breakfast.  I would love a caffeine free Diet Coke.  ckm 
 www.dagger.com.... and look at the Products, Recreational Kayaks section.  I am selling my Bayou II kayak by Dagger.  It is a two person, enclosed style, kayak perfect for enjoyable kayaking with a special friend or family member.  Especially good for fishing because one person can paddle and position the boat while the other fishes.  Fast and extremely quiet!!!  $749 Retail(camo $50 extra), will sell for $ 550 2 person, tandem polyethylene outer layer camoflage color wide cockpit and very stable bow seat slides and locks for single person use padded seats with adjustable back rests bow deck rigging with recessed fittings carry toggles(handles) includes bow and stern inflatable flotation inserts weighs 65 lbs 13 ' 6 " long Max Load 450 lbs. 
 hi back 
 Please see insurance groups' request re: equipment warranties.  One=20 alternative is to send equipment contracts to David Marshall for  his revie= w.  Kay 
 Dear Mr. Keffer,  Thank you so much for agreeing to pass my resume along to the appropriate person with the Astros organization. In keeping with our family tradition, I am a huge Astros fan, and would appreciate the opportunity to get a "behind the scenes look" at how a professional sports organization works.  This should be an exciting season for Houston baseball, and it would be an honor to be a part of it.  Any assistance you can give in putting me in touch with the right person would be appreciated.  Sincerely,  Paige Record 
 I guess Ed Hearn. 
 Hi Cindy,  Any more sign ups from Enron?  I'm thinking of sending  a reminder out in the next day or so, and I wanted to see if you  have anyone other than me, Heather and Anne.  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI, one of my guys got a call from one of your band of merry men concerning selling the 7EAs. Kay 
 It seems that I remember seeing something about  this in the Titan claim file.  Maybe a copy of it? 
 Have I signed this yet? 
 Do you have the GE contracts in the CA stuff?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Pitiful!  Charlotte confirmed for today? Delmis is cleaning as we write - I spoke to Paige.  She is going to try to get an appt with Cher for cut/color.  I told her we would buy.  ckm 
 My dad is having some health issues, so they couldn't commit to next week.  I cleared cancelling the conference with Elizabeth, so please take the steps necessary to call that off.  Carlos' wife is due the 23rd, so I may need to cover for  him.  We'll see.  I do hope to take Michael and Rosco to Palacios where we can hang out, fish, play in the sand, etc.  In other words, no big plans, which I'm happy about.  I think Neil will miss Rosco as much as Michael, but he probably looks forward to having the house to himself for a few days.  Kay 
 Well, I know Jack probably won't know where to pee since won't have Rosco to aim at.  I guess Kaley will have to growl at Jack just to stay in practice.  I should add that Kendall is due at the end of next week, and if something urgent comes up, I could have to cover for Carlos.  Not likely but you know how the baby stuff goes.  I think Rosco is going to be at least 70 pounds, although I don't have any information to go on.  You mentioned that his pop is a big dog, so I guess we should expect him to be big.  Maybe one of those tall Labs.  I just hope his personality stays the same.  Kay 
 Just a reminder that I am planning on being on vacation with my son next week.  My clients are aware of these plans, and I have hopes that things will go without a hitch.  I will be able to retrieve email and voice mail.  Kay 
 Thought you might find this interesting, in some sick way! 
 Hi Chris and Ben,  Wanted to make sure you had seen/approved these.  I'm looking now also.  Kay 
 I cleared not going to Atlanta with Elizabeth, so I should be able to take Michael to Palacios as soon as Monday.  Supposed to rain this weekend anyway, so Monday is soon enough. I would just as soon not have a Sharon appointment so we have that flexibility.  Plus, there is the possibility that I might need to go to FW for my dad.  Michael can go to FW with me if I need to go - he would be great company for me. I've thought about taking  him to Moody Gardens, or do some other fun stuff as an alternative.   The long term weather forecast for Houston and Palacios is glorious for that week, but you never know.  I don't mind taking him by myself.  I can do most of the fishing stuff, although I don't know squat about artificials.  If I do go I would like to take Rosco.  Since my folks have an internet connection I can keep up with a little work and write you, too.  What do you think?  ckm 
 Well, I'm glad I get to edit!  Not really.  Mark approved it this am.  Hopefully, good publicity which will make Mark glad he approved it.  They usually take pictures to go with the article, so I have to see if I need a new, clean, white shirt.  Gotta look good! Makeup and everything.  Wonder how I lose 15 lbs by Thursday?  Kay 
 Well, you know Enron.  No boredom, ever!  Kay 
 YIPPEEE 
 John,  I've received internal approval to participate.  I'll see what I can come up with for a bio.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's the thing I'm doing on Thursday.  Do you have a form of bio for anybody around here?  I need to make something up for the paper.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi there,  Could one of you send me one email with the final (well, we hope) forms of both of the two change orders we are working on for the BD turbine sets? I want to make sure I'm looking at the right stuff.  Thanks,  Kay 
 John,  I would hestitate to give up the option to TurboPark this project, unless the commercial team commits that there is no way Enron will ever want to progress with the site beyond permitting.  As you know, there is no going back once we give up that optionality.  Good catch, Renee.  Kay 
 Hi Jeff,  I don't know if you are picking up email, but just in case,  here's a description of the Roundtable.  Kay 
 Hi Randy,  Just wanted to let you know what it up on CoOp City.  I don't know the agenda for the meeting.  I'm planning on calling in.  Kay 
 Hey guys,  PSA's are a hot topic, and I have a call into Lisa Bills to discuss it.  Lisa has been out of town for a few days, as has the GF TurboPark lawyer, Rose Engeldorf.  Rose is being seconded to ENA for TurboPark issues, and will be back in the office tomorrow.  We should sit down with Rose and puzzle through the issue.  As for the "standard" EECC form PSA, it is a real bear.  Carlos has recently worked on a TurboPark/97-10 compliant form, and is waiting for Global Finance blessing.  He was going to talk to Bart about his experience, which could also add some extra insight.  When you guys have some time it is probably worth taking a half hour to discuss it.  Kay 
 yes, thanks. 
 Good afternoon,  I am circulating a draft of the long term agreement for your review. There are still holes, but hopefully it sets out the basic commercial deal.  Please note that  we are anticipating a Monday meeting.  Therefore, we have sent this out without the usual internal review.  We hope to have a set of exhibits shortly.  Talk to you soon,  Kay 
 I kinda like Coyote LLC and Black Hills LLC (no spruce). 
 Hi Ed,  I can't find (or recall) that I received the subsequent email referenced in this email.  Can you direct me to the right place?  I looked under Administrator and Legal Net X, and all my emails from 3/8.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm calling in (conference call) for this one. 
 We need a name for the LLC for this transaction.  Any suggestions?  Kay 
 Any idea what will be on the agenda?  It would be very nice if they would respond to the drafts we've sent them.  Kay 
 OK.  I'll let you know tomorrow.  I'm leaving at 330 to take Michael for a check up.  Routine.  Kay 
 Please check the cancellation policy for next week's seminar.  I may not be going.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's where I am.  I haven't finished all of your changes.  Please look for bold stuff, that's where I have questions.  If no question is given, I'm looking for your confirmation. 
 Hi.  I'm interested in joining.  What do I need to do to join?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I am selling my Bayou II kayak by Dagger.  It is a two person, enclosed style, kayak perfect for enjoyable kayaking with a special friend or family member.  Especially good for fishing because one person can paddle and position the boat while the other fishes. 
 Jake mentioned Delta but not Panda.  I'm with you - go Delta.  Who wants to mess with the broker issue?  Ciao,  Kay 
 Ann Elizabeth,  Can you handle this?  This is another Florida lobby deal.  Kay 
 Please don't.  I enjoy the laughter!  I was just jealous. 
 Turbine Team,  For future reference we should add in the put/call language (similiar to the language in 6.2 (c) of the Intergen deal) which allows Enron to put the equity to the buyer at any time GE consents.  We should soften the approval rights of the purchaser.  Thanks,  Kay 
 The outside lawyer for Northwestern, Marguerite Kahn, would like to speak with you concerning the structure of the LLC, specifically including the promissory notes.  Guess I didn't explain it all that well. I asked her just to call you directly, and gave her your number.  Thanks,  Kay 
  This was the emergency. 
 We have an agreement which resides in TurboPark.  Kathy Clark did the contract. 
 fax  for car loan 713 345 3555  My contact is Ms. Sammy Marroquin.   Borrower is cynthia kay mann. 
 You know ES doesn't work Fridays, so that takes away one day of opportunity to approve them, plus she hasn't had an assistant.  Maybe things will improve.  She is very excited about her new assistant. 
 Please print. 
 Hi John,  I asked to have ONE guaranty prepared and ONE escrow agreement for Carlos and I to review the forms.  Now I've got two sets of docs sent by two K & S attorneys.  Additionally, we are drafting against ourselves.  The letter agreement and the LLC have been given to the counterparty.  Seems to make more sense to wait for comments.  HELP!!!  Kay 
 Hi Marisa,  Please send the forms to Carlos also since for 2, 3, and 4 we will use the same forms. Obviously, we want the economy of doing this once for both transactions.  Also, please bill the time for these forms to Carlos' deal, since Blue Dog is paying for some of the development of the letter agreement and the llc forms.  It sure sounds like we won't be tendering a facility agreement, but until the structure is agreed I would keep the letters in as place holders.  Once the LLC is formed you will get the complete corporate books which will have the certificates.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Attached is a clean and red lined version of the loi.  I'm expecting a call from David Hunt,  so I haven't dealt with the limit of liability stuff yet. The Beck comments are good comments which we need to discuss internally, but since we haven't, I'm happy to take the position that the comments seem to fit better in the drafting of the definitive ageements.     Kay 
 Do not take this too seriously until we talk tomorrow.  Look forward to meeting you,  Kay  PS.  Hope it isn't too inconvenient for you to come.  Sheila really wanted you there. 
 I would want to make sure that the structure of the deal goes through Herman.  There may be a tweak or a change which can have an impact on what gets booked on mark to market basis, etc.  He may have absolutely nothing to add, but I wouldn't take the chance. 
 Don't forget that Herman reads everything, and to ask Fred if this deal will be DASH'ed.  (I don't know if it should, but probably so.) 
 I think you'll find there isn't that much to a site sale.  Witness Plano/Pontiac as compared to the Peakers. 
 I need staples and the stiff green folders.  I forget what these are called.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I had coconut cream  pie for lunch (also tuna).  I feel so guilty.  Light dinner for me.  And maybe a vodka (NO WINE).  If I can get time to call Nathaniel, I will.  I'm in a conference call now.  I feel guilty about being gone Sat. night if Paige is home for SB.  It does sound like a good weekend weatherwise.  I can check with her to see her preference.  Kay 
 I just like to make Margie work.  So do you think they'll fire Dierker?  I guess you heard Lima is heading to the bullpen. 
 Please print the form agreement.  I think it is the fourth one below. 
 Attached is the Blue Dog LLC agreement: 
 Please print the clean version below.  My computer won't let  me print - I tried two different printers. 
 You are destined for political greatness. 
 And a tough crowd it is.  I'm up for it. He seems genuinely happy for you. 
 No action required, fyi re:  Blue Dog (the East deal) and Project Salmon (the West deal). 
 Frightening roster. 
 Here tis 
 fyi 
 fyi 
 Yes, I'm officially in Elizabeth's group.  I need to ask her for a flat screen monitor. 
 It has now clicked that  you were looking for a letter in addition to the settlement letter.  That didn't sink in before. 
 He doesn't know that Sheila undermined his authority with his client, and intervened.  Remember her saying she wasing going to stay out of it?  Just shoot me if I do that to you.  Or at least kick me.  Kay 
 Having fun yet? 
 This is the turbine contract to print and put on your desk.  Kay 
 Here's more for you to enjoy.  We need to make this into an XYZ form to match up with the letter agreement.  Thanks,  Kay 
 You can run but you can't hide!  Kay 
 home 713 973 6325 cell 713 304 8716 pager 888 710 7935 
 Thome, Sole - hey, that rhymes... 
 yes, thanks 
 The document on the bottom is the one you are looking for.  I will send one of the exhibits separately.  Kay 
 Hi Jeff,  I need more in-depth information than what I could get from King & Spalding, so I asked around for a Mississippi firm.  Sheila suggested this firm, and Stuart said he thought they were an ok group.  As you can guess, it is a short list in Mississippi to chose from.  Please let me know what you think.  Kay 
 Nothing from Leatha.  Any news there?  Kay 
 Please put the Friday GE call on my calendar, as well as a 200 call tomorrow on Northwestern.  Thanks! 
 Scott stopped me on 31 to tell me what a good job Carlos did. Thought I would pass it along.  Kay 
 He did go out of his way to sing your praises, so job well done. 
 Aren't you something.  From now on, you are Mr. PSA. 
 fyi 
 This confirms our agreement we reached today that we will start the meeting at 930am Central.  Kay 
 You're killing me. We have no definition for first contingency must run. Is= =20 this the same as First Contingency Emergency Dispatch?  HELPPPPPP. =20  ckm 
 Hi Gregg,  I spoke to John N, and I think I understand what's up.  I'm in a conference call, but will holler later.  Kay 
 Well, that's one reason why I don't think there's a lot of risk to it.  I know in previous deals the GE frame guys have agreed that we could give three redacted copies to suitors, and the real one to THE ONE.  I think a casual conversation will work.  The guarantees are nothing special, although the LD ramp rates sometimes matter.  Lastly is delivery, but again, I don't think it will be a big issue.  Maybe if Jake knows that he probably won't have to tell Lee who the suitors are, that might help.  Kay 
 Time for a battle field promotion.  I'll be Tanto, you can be him that sabes. 
 Neither have us have spoken to GE.  I think Sheila spoke to Lee, but I don't know the substance of the conversation.  We asked his permission  on the Intergen deal, I believe.  I told Jake last night that there are arguments which can be made on both sides as to whether GE needed too consent to having the contract distributed to a potential partner.  He said he wanted to talk to you about it.  My suggestion would be that someone on the commercial side discuss the general status, and ask if it is ok to send out a redacted contract.  That is the most conservative approach.  Kay 
 Atta girl.  You should have heard Ben complementing you to Jeff.  Ben said he wished you worked for him so that he could participate more in your PRC review.  The point was not lost on me! 
 funny, she didn't ask me!  $25 never hurts. 
 100 to dan 
 Lv Co Gen deal. 
 Thanks so much for your help. 
 Since I'm "off" today and Friday, and scheduled to be in Fla on Monday, AND without you, I'm not in much better shape.  You know I've kept all my files on email.  I was hoping there would be a way to move them to a Word file of something.  Otherwise, I guess I'm going to have to ask you to start printing - highly inefficient.  I can't do it here, though.  Kay 
 If there are any other resolutions, etc that they want, I would let them prepare them.  Thanks a bunch,  Kay 
 I think what I will do is send out an email today to have people call you directly and reserve a room.  We can then see how many short we are, and deal with the deposit.  I will tell them to inform you that they are with the Enron group.  Names of the individuals should be as follows;  Kay Mann (I'll call with my card soon - I want the Premier) Heather Kroll Barbara Gray Peggy Banczak Lisa Bills Rose Engeldorf Nora Roberts Anne Koehler Lisa Mellencamp Christi Nicolay Gail Brownfeld  Maybe this will help identify those who are REALLY in.  There may be a couple of new ones also.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi there,  I think a good next step while the counterparties are reviewing the docs is the creation of a closing checklist, since we have a good starting point with the Intergen closing list.  We can get organized on putting together a package of the next traunche of docs, such as the parent guaranty, escrow agreement, etc.  Thanks,  Kay  PS.  You might want to check the docs I sent out to Jake to make sure I didn't put a Panda in a Delta doc.  I checked, but I need to be double checked.  Another good reason to use XYZ's until the finalist is selected. 
 Chris,  Global Finance (Lisa Bills) needs to be kept in the loop on this, since this is in TurboPark.  Kay 
 You have correctly identified my financial advisor, although I figured this one out by myself.  I think I'll join the credit union! 
 It is the last two weeks of school, I believe. 
 Geriann,  I didn't ask for the conference call, but I wil make time in my schedule to participate. 
 Please fill in the blank: =01&First Contingency Transmission Outage=018 means 
 We are in the process of refining the form in connection with the left coast transaction, and it will be easy to "de-westify" it.  Kay 
 I know you wouldn't forget, but Ms. Bills will need to be advised.  See you tomorrow.  Kay 
 I like this one. 
 Sorry to hear about Bobby's wreck.  I hope he feels ok tomorrow.  Neil's number at work is 713 596 8716, and  his email is nmann@erac.com.  I know you probably checked this, but are you sure you don't have car rental insurance under your auto policy?  Always good to check.  Paige got a kick out of seeing Bobby.  I'm sure he enjoyed the fine cuisine.  I feel the same about going up next week.  There will probably be a more appropriate time later.  Paige is coming home for SB next week.  I suspect she'll come Friday or Saturday, but don't know for sure.  We are probably going to the Matagorda livestock show and auction this weekend, and maybe the rodeo.  It must be good - like the Belton rodeo.  Hi and hugs to all!  Love,  Kay 
 I made a couple of minor revisions.  Jake has given us until when he gets in tomorrow.    I changed Turbine Agreement to Turbine Contract (one place in the LOI), and added responsibility for filing fees in the llc agreement.  Perhaps it it redundant.  I'm not sure I'm on top of the LLC agreement.  Maybe we can discuss in the am. 
 No big deal.  I'm just trying to tie up loose ends when I can.  I suspect they must have gotten paid, or else someone would be complaining. 
 Carolyn,  Please use NewCo instead of Spawn.  Also, please give them only one business day to review the final facility agreement.  Also, we need the duplicate forms for Sunlaw Energy Corporation.  Will we be getting the drafts tonight?  Please call me if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I don't know who started the initialling kick, and I don't know if I care if it continues.  I don't know if Lee cares.  It is probably an EECC artifact. If GE doesn't care, then I don't care.  ( I hear strains of a show tune "I don't care, I don't care").  I think I've lost my mind.  Kay 
 no headaches 
 Please put on my schedule. 
 That means it is recognized, not  "contemplated to be recognized", then?  I= s=20 there such a thing as a recognized scheduling entity, or do you just schedu= le=20 on their behalf? 
 Before you send out the next draft we need to talk briefly. 
 I'll be available, and will let you know how it goes.  Kay 
 Ben and I can make it.  Kay 
 Cindy,  How long would we have until we need to release the rooms to avoid the charge?  I  think your suggestion will work.  Kay 
 In case I forget to mention it, when the next round of Panda docs are ready, you might want to send them to Herman and Matt.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Sheila,  I don't recall seeing a bill from Bracewell on the VECPCO deal.  Did you ever see one come in?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Good.  I hadn't heard back from them. 
 Hi Carolyn,  In addition to my comments regarding the definitions, here are some other thoughts:  Letter agreement:  I would bracket [Spawn], since we don't have it formed yet and we probably haven't checked on availability.  2. Closing date should be at least five but no more than 10 business days.  2 (a)  Facility Agreement is probably the more appropriate concept than Turbine Contract.  Not a big issue if anyone disagrees with this terminology.  3. Make the guaranty for this agreement and the LLC agreement.  5 (d)  change 1st "shall" to "'may".  7 (b) does this make sense?  Should we also have the right to specific performance?  9.  (iii) consents won't necessarily be obtained at the time of the signing of the letter agreement.  Should say by closing such will have been obtained.  I haven't done a reg evaluation, so I would delete the reg rep unless you are comfortable.  I want the HSR risk to be with them, so I don't want to contradict it with the rep.  I'll review the LLC agreement next.  Kay 
 Please call Jake Thomas and Steve Thome in Portland and see if we can have a conference call at 500 Houston time.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I hadn't heard the 2 1/2 hour deal, but then again, I wasn't on the call. I'll check on pushing the meeting back to 930 to give you a chance to get downtown before it starts.  Sheila, what do you think?  Kay 
 Thanks. 
 This was supposed to be to Jeff and Barbara, but the phone rang.  I can't recall who knows what.  Kay 
 Jeff,  Are you up-to-speed on this one?  Kay 
 900 central, so you should be in decent shape.  Kay 
 Opps. 
 It is an hour and a half west of Memphis.  No where.  You can smell the meat processing plant.  Hey, you would probably like that! 
 Carolyn,  I believe the commercial operations terminology is appropriate, not takeover.  Please verify with the LV CoGen documents which I forwarded just a few moments ago. The changes I made to the definitions in the prototype letter were a result of the fact that the Blue Dog contract with GE uses slightly different terminology than the LM 6000 contracts.  We need to revert to the appropriate underlying contract.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Leatha,  I have a couple of questions.  Do your numbers assume $7500 down (in addition to the tax etc), and is the term 36 months or 48?  Both time frames are mentioned in your explanation.  Have we heard anything on the remarketing of my Lexus?  Does the cost include the tax trade on the Lexus?  Thanks for your help,  Kay 
    New Auto/Boat/Sports Vehicle/Camper Trailer/Motor Home    loan amount term (maximum) fixed rate (apr) To 100% of Purchase Price 36 Months 8.00%  48 Months 8.25%  60 Months 8.40% New auto only 72 Months 8.75% To 90% of Purchase Price 36 Months 7.75%  48 Months 8.00%  60 Months 8.15% New auto only 72 Months 8.50% 
 What about this?  Is this the QSE defn?  =01&Scheduling Entity=018 means an entity contemplated to be recognized by = SPP, and=20 fully qualified under SPP rules and regulations, to schedule the transmissi= on=20 of Energy, Capacity and Ancillary Services from the Facilities. 
 An exhibit... 
 A treat for you... 
 Hi Pete,  Would it be possible for you to be in Houston this Friday morning for the GE meeting?  It would be great to meet you in person, and have you participate. What is your availability?  Kay 
 Chris,  Please come see Carlos and I about the transaction.  Kay 
 Obviously this is going complicate (and increase the cost) of the transaction.  Is there any way to push back on this?  We will now need four break out contracts, four sets of every other document, 4 sets of assigning docs out of TurboPark, etc....  Not hard to do, but a challenge to do on your time frame.  Kay 
 I guess someone thought of this again.  I'll wait to see what Ben says.  This is when I'm out of town, which is fine by me.  Kay 
 You know so much!!!!! 
 This is who Sheila suggested.  The deal I'm working on is an asset management/control area services transaction.  It will be an odd one, so I'm not expecting someone to have specific expertise.  I need help on the general contracting under Miss law stuff, especially since there are some quirks involved.  Your input would be appreciated.  Thanks,  Kay 
 1988 Jeep Cherokee Laredo, good condition, 4WD, A/C, automatic windows and locks, cruise control, 100,000+miles, will take $2000.  Please call Jonathan at 713-853-7910. 
 I heard a rumor that you have TurboPark closing docs.  Could I get a copy?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I can't locate the electronic version of Costs that David prepared.  Can you resend it to me? 
 Re;  enovate/Peoples 
 Here are my responses:  1. Development fee is a commercial question.  This will need to be vetted with Herman if we go with it.  Personally, I'd skip it and push to sign next week.  2.  I have a call in to Dale.  3.  No LLC.  Kathleen will handle.  The closer the creation is to the signing of the letter, the better, taking into account the time required to get the docs back and set up.  Someone needs to name it.  We should also look at a minimal list of officers.  4.  I don't have the attachment in front of me, so I will have to look it up.  I'll get back to you.  The concept is that ENA is only responsible for changes in the amounts owed to GE as of the closing date.  I thought the language was awkward, and tried to make it more clear, but obviously failed! As soon as I get the break out contract from Dale we can check on the definitional questions. It SHOULD be the same as in the CA breakout contract with GE, but I won't make that assumption.  Drop dead date on put/call Dec. 2002.  5. This needs to be discussed with Ben.  6.  This should be set up as a  new matter, since these aren't the Blue Dog turbines. You can send the bill to Sheila with a copy to me.  I'll open the doc and take a look at it asap.   Kay 
 They haven't signed the other ones.  We moved the equipment straight out of TurboPark and into the llc, then on the same day sold down the equity of the llc.  Please call to discuss at your convenience.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Marchris,  I'm in ENA Legal, and I'm looking for the right person to discuss this with. Christi Nicholay suggested I get you involved.  Please give me a call at 713 345 7566 to discuss.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Great trip back.  I spent yesterday in Clarksdale Mississippi.  Don't make a point of spending your vacation there!  Can you email me Glenn's info so I can send him the hard copy?  I enjoyed our time together, and look forward to more adventures.  Kay 
 That is very cool.  Rosco has gone from 14 pounds to 27 pounds in one month.  That's a half a pound a day. 
 Many thanks! 
 I had to cancel due to my travel schedule.  I have a staff meeting every first and third Wednesday, which I've told Sheila about.  On those weeks I'll miss the call.  Ta ta,  Kay 
 I have a staff meeting and will be unable to join.  I do plan to be on Friday's call.  Kay 
 Have you checked this out? 
 How cool is that. 
 fyi.  Comment? 
 I'll check.  Thanks for the help.  Kay 
 This is the one I get to go to, right? 
 Hi Cindy,  Would it be possible to block some rooms for a couple of weeks while people make their reservations?  I'm thinking maybe ten rooms for May 4, 5, and 6, out on the 7th?  I would like it best if the individuals could call you directly to make the reservation.  How does that work for you?  Thanks,  Kay 
 latest on my system, but I'll check. 
 Ben,  What are these folks supposed to do for Enron?  I had heard a rumor that we were looking to hire someone to lobby for us on a success fee basis.  Is this the same deal?  I know on the international side there were hoops to jump through before such an engagement could be signed off on.  I'll have to check to see what the drill is on this side of the street.  Kay 
 Please find his contact information for me.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Rosco was in for his shots today.  On Feb 3 he weighed 14.6 lbs.  He now weighs 27 lbs.  His paws look too big and his head is too small.  What an adventure!  ckm 
 Hi Leatha,  Neil and I went to D Taylor and looked at an Escalade. We liked it, however, we want to price it with a couple of extra features.  I like the extra wood package, and Neil likes it with the gold trim package.  When we asked for a price, it added around $1700, which I thought was ridiculous.  They offered to discount it by $200, which I again thought was ridiculous.  When we priced these options at McGinniss, the price was less ($600 for the wood package instead of $995, for instance), and they offered to discount the options by a third.  So, we can get the deal done if they will get reasonable over these options.  The sales guy (Nathaniel) was going to "work on it".  The fellow you had told us to ask for wasn't in, by the way.  I will be out of town on Monday, but Neil will be in, and will have my Lexus.  Thanks,  Kay 
 That reminds me.  There used to be a "gift department" that blessed such things.  I don't remember where it is - PR?  I wonder who would know? 
 Travel plans for Monday. 
 I'm so ready. 
 Greg,  I've read the opinion and agree with your summary of it.  However, it doesn't answer the question for me as to whether a Mississippi court would uphold such a clause, or how other contracting parties have dealt with the issue. Due to the importance of the issue I will consult with a Mississippi firm to get a handle on the question.  Thanks for your help,  Kay 
 Thank you for your helpful comments.  Good points.  On the timing issue, we still have the time sensitivity, but I hate to give it a precise day.  Maybe the way to address that is within 10 BD's, as mutually agreed.  I don't have the doc in front of me (I'm in Florida), but I thought it said ENA was taking responsibility for increases in the Purchase Amount as it exists the date of closing.  I'll check.  I agree with deleting CO definition.  It doesn't add anything.  Again, thanks.  Kay 
 Just let me know when you get bored... 
 Yes. 
 Stuart,  If you need a copy of the executed Westinghouse letter, you can find the original on my desk, I believe on the left hand corner (looking out).  The letter we are waiting for is merely an acknowledgement that LJM doesn't need to sign.  I think getting the letter is probably belts and suspenders, but I requested it anyway.  Kay 
 Anyone know any good lawyers in Mississippi, or any lawyers knowledgeable about Mississippi law?  Power background would be nice, but I know that may be too much to ask.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi there,  Please look this over, spell check, print and fax two copies to me, as we will be signing this doc this afternoon.  Ciao,  Kay 
 I've sent Sheila and Dale electronic copies of the documents. 
 It should be signed and on its way.  I've heard that they are trying to schedule a meeting for Monday, so I'm trying to get a draft of the agreement out.  Do you think you will have a chance to send me the preamble stuff?  I know it doesn't seem like a big deal, but I will feel better if I understand who's on first, so to speak/  Thanks,  Kay 
 As I mentioned, I think the "new and improved" versions are better starting points, but here's what we used.  I don't recall whether the concept of a development fee has been vetted with the accountants, as it wasn't applicable to the Intergen deal.  Kay 
 We had to amend the agreements to give us more time.  The new version I sent you fixed that. 
 I don't know if this was the final one... 
 See my previous email. 
 Here is the form of LLC agreement we used for the Intergen deal, tweaked a bit for lessons learned.  I will forward the updated letter agreement which has been improved also.  It relates to the Blue Dog turbines, so some of the defined terms are different.  I will also forward the Intergen docs so you can see some of the definitions, etc.  One thing which wasn't addressed in the Intergen deal was the potential HSR issue (there wasn't one) which arises when the put or call option is exercised.  I also have the TurboPark docs, which I can forward when it gets closer.  I don't know if I have the electronic versions of the other closing docs.  Kay 
 I did write it for them, and sent it to Lynn.  We are waiting for them to sign it and send it back.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 Sorry for the delay.  I ran into some complications.  I left it "in blank" so we can fill in the commercial specifics depending on the purchaser, etc.  Kay 
 Hi Carolyn,  Could you check this and see if I did anything stupid with the revisions:    Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's the revised form for the Blue Dog equipment:    Kay 
 I'm still waiting on David Hunt to send me some stuff, which would really help move the document along.  I'll ask again if i can get it from him. There are still internal questions in it, which I have annotated. I'm happy for you to look at it fairly shortly, especially if you can give definitive commercial direction.  Do you feel that the commercial team is  finished with the exhibits?  I haven't worked on them, but I suspect the exhibits need work.  I know the bogey calc doc is a bit rough.  Do you still owe me the emergency transmission cut stuff?  Early next week is better than later, and Thursday and Friday are huge problem days for me.  When are you thinking of meeting with Beck?  Anyway to combine the two at once, given the short timeframe?  Has Dave signed the extension, by the way?  Kay 
 Gentlemen,  Does the Mississippi constitution impact the issue?  The munies are specifically citing Section  100 of the Mississippi constitution, and have faxed me an opinion of the Mississippi AG interpreting this section. If you will email me your fax number I will fax it to you.  Kay 
 Lynn Dekrey is the guy Mitch negotiated the deal with.  Lynn left me a message on Monday and said he didn't see a problem, but he didn't give me a day we could expect the letter.  I would expect it this week.  ckm 
 Westinghouse has agreed that LJM doesn't need to sign it.  I sent SW a letter confirming that agreement.  Lynn tells me that they should sign it soon. Otherwise, the agreement is fully executed.  ckm 
 I haven't heard back from Dale.  Sheila and I have swapped voice mails.  Kay 
 Charlotte,  Great story!  Neil is at the Astrodome now. You might be able to reach him on his cell or by pager.  If I hear from him I will have him give you a call.  I'm in Florida, and looking out my window I saw an alligator swim by. Wouldn't Michael go crazy?  Bye,  Kay 
 Hi.  Please let me know how you would like to proceed.  Kay 
 Here's another document I need to have faxed to me:    Thanks,  Kay 
 Please print and fax the redlined version to me at the hotel.  Thanks,  Kay  ps  I'm in room 706 
 Thank you.  This is very helpful. 
 fyi 
 There's nothing special here.  Just cloudy.  I took Roscoe in to get neutered.  Neil just couldn't handle it.  Men are so funny like that.  Now I'm going to run some errands.  I hope the weather gets better for this evening.  They are still covering the weather 100% on the tv, and it looks like it is getting better.  Still more of a deal south of here.  Kay 
 I've got the crib, a playpen, red and blue check bumpers for the crib, a never used airplane baby swing you hang on a trees (our trees were too tall), perhaps a jogging stroller (don't think we gave it away), and I don't know what else.  All have "baby Carnahan" on it.  Will she give the baby her last name?  That would be cool.  I met someone (a guy)  named Kayne.  Yes, I know it looks like Kay, but I thought it sounded cool.  Kayne Carnahan.  Opps, sounds like a bull rider!  ckm 
 opps 
 more information 
 I've just learned that this is a "West" deal for the sale of the LV Co Gen units.  This deal was described as being the same as the Intergen deal.  King & Spalding helped me on that one, and when I thought this was an East deal I contacted Keffer for a conflicts check (there is none).  I haven't gone to Mark with it yet, though.  We have forms, etc for this, and I'm happy to provide whatever support I can.  Please advise as to how you would like to proceed.  Kay 
 Southwestern University. 
 I set it as my new wallpaper.  The file was too big - SU wouldn't let it come in. 
 Maybe this is more like rugby.  I passing the ball to Carlos, who will get with you and Kathleen to figure out what's what. 
 Well, I just don't know what to tell you.  If nothing else I think the ball was punted to the east.  Kay 
 If you are available I think it would be a good idea.  No big deal if you can't. 
 Feast or famine! 
 Maybe it is on the development phone list.  I don't have it at hand. 
 Here are my car questions:  How much would a tricked out Sequoia cost if ordered from the manufacturer?  Is there a 2000 Escalade available with the cargo doors?  I think I probably want to drive each one more time.  Off to a meeting....  ckm 
 Hi there,  Did you come up with a "form" llc agreement in conjunction with the form letter agreement, or is the Coral LLC agreement the latest thing?  Thanks,  Kay 
 fyi 
 Here's a new deal for you.  I've got two follow on deals for K & S, so this one might be a good one to use someone else, if you need and want to. (I hear the rustling of the pines..)  Clear outside counsel selections with Jeff, then Mark, etc.  Kay 
 Hi Chauncey,  Are either of the restaurants very formal?  I want to make sure I bring the right clothes.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Sounds good. 
 Hi,  Has Reggie made any progress on the short file cabinets?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Fred,  Do you have the names/addresses of the interested counterparties?  It saves time to do all at once.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Pete,  Can you send me the most recent version of the LV Co Gen facility agreement? Also, in a separate email could you send me the C of A?  I want to make sure I have the latest, greatest of each.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please get with Fred to get something working.  Thanks,  ckm 
 Thanks, but I'm throwing away junk all weekend.  Neil will be gone.... 
 I'll get Kathleen to do it, as she has my current favorite form.  Thanks anyway.  Kay 
 Fred,  Dale Rasmussen has been handling the breakout contracts for the LV CoGen project, and I think the form is in good shape. However, the breakout contract is for all the LV Co Gen units, but that is easy enough to fix. Does GE know this is coming?  What are you projecting for a closing date?  We need the unit numbers (original and serial), associated delivery dates, price attributable to the units (maximum liability amount), price to sell the LLC member interests, and the contact persons from Panda for the contract. Will there be a development fee, and if so, how much?  If you get me the particulars of the deal we can work on it in house.  We have the forms, so we can get cracking without outside counsel.  In fact, I've been working on the form letter agreement today in connection with the other deal.  Retaining outside counsel requires internal approval, which I'm sure we can get in the next day or two, assuming no conflict of interest. I can get started on the process if you are ready.  If you think these guys are serious, we can set up the LLC's.  We may want two LLC's if the total price is in excess of $50mm.  Kathleen, please talk to me before we do this as I think we should discuss the slate of officers.  Kay 
 Sheila,  If you are working on this I think it makes more sense for you to have Ed handle the CA.  I don't want to get in the middle.  Thanks,  Kay 
 No idea.  Whenever he gets around to it, I guess. 
 I think the pager is just too cool.  I don't think Mark has talked to Jeff or Barbara about the move.  Kinda awkward!  ckm 
 hotel info included at the bottom 
 Hi Carlos,  Here's the PSA I mentioned.  Kay 
 I have a PSA which needs to be made 97-10/TurboPark compliant.  Could you work on it?  I'll bring it around.  Thanks,  Kay 
 The dynasty begins.... 
 I will be in Jacksonville Florida this week negotiating a transaction with New Jersey Natural Gas.  It is a project development deal utilizing fuel cells.  The commercial lead is Jeff Ader.  I will leave tomorrow afternoon, returning on Friday afternoon.  Kay 
 I would mention Carlos in the email, or have it shown as sent by him.  If it were me (and not him), I would have you send it under your own name, but explain that you are helping Carlos. 
 Thank you.  Kay 
 FYI.  We are staying at the Marriott Sawgrass, or something like that.  ckm 
 My memory has failed me once again! 
 Carloyn,  Is the promissory note structure still necessary, given the increase in the= =20 HSR threshhold?  ckm 
 Hi Rusty,  Since Carlos is working on the Pontiac and Plano sale, I'm going to forward this to him for his handling.  That way things will stay better organized.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Good afternoon,  I'm attaching for your review a revised LOI.  Thanks,  Kay 
 fyi 
 26510 
 Bob,  My husband and I will continue to keep Michael in our prayers.  By the way, I really appreciate your updates.  I'm eligible to give blood again, so let me know when Michael needs more donations.  Kay 
 So where are you kayaking this weekend?  ckm 
 Hi Steve,  I wanted to send this to you before I send it out to others, since I feel like there were changes we had discussed that somehow didn't make in the last draft.   Guess you can say this is a sanity check!  If it looks good to you, then I will send it out, unless you prefer to make distribution.  Kay 
 In fact those are the only two days I'm around!  Hope to see you.  I'm in 3882.  ckm 
 Hi Karen,  Sorry I haven't sent the notice.  Brain cramp or something.    When are you here next week?  Kay 
 Well, maybe it makes more sense to write it like this:  (see below) 
 No biggie, and understandable.  When we sell the equipment we structure it= =20 like we did on the CA deal - we sell the special purpose companies that wil= l=20 own the equipment at the time of sale. =20 
 The form we have has this as the first paragraph, which is different from t= he=20 form attached.  Could you conform the NW one to the form?  Enron North America Corp. (=01&ENA=018 or the "Protected Party") is prepare= d to=20 furnish [__________________] (=01&*=018 or the "Receiving Party") with cert= ain=20 information which is either confidential, proprietary or otherwise not=20 generally available to the public in connection with: (i) the potential sal= e=20 of one or more of the Protected Party's power plant development projects=20 and/or one of more of the special purpose companies which own such projects= =20 in [states],  (collectively, the =01&Projects=018) for purposes of evaluati= ng one=20 or more transactions between Protected Party and   * involving the Projects= =20 (collectively, the =01&Proposed Transaction=018). 
 Hi Carolyn,  Is this the most current version?  Thanks,  Kay 
 My opinion is that there is that the letter agreement is not ready to be sent out, and won't be for a day or two.  It can't be sent out until the CA is returned to you signed. 
 Mr. Sorte,  Michael Brown and Janelle Schueur have requested that I forward this confidentiality agreement to your attention.  Regards,  Kay Mann 
 Here's the CA you requested.    Kay 
 Yes, because they are deducting pretax dollars for parking. 
 I know I will be hearing from Gregg about this soon.  Any progress?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm worrying again about summer.  Maybe we should check out the Y on Voss to see what they have, if anything.  What do you think?  ckm 
 Hi there,  Does anyone have a Finance/Accounting blessed professional services agreement?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Mercury's Mountaineer debuted several years ago as an upscale version of the best-selling Ford Explorer sport-utility vehicle. The problem was, Ford's Explorer could be just as luxurious as the Mountaineer and, in some cases, was even more expensive. For 2002, Mercury has attempted to further distinguish their sport-ute from the popular Explorer. The result is a fine SUV, with improved handling characteristics and generous feature content. This near-luxury sport-ute comes with either a 4.0-liter V6 making 210 horsepower or a 4.6-liter V8 pumping out 240 ponies. Both engines come mated to a five-speed automatic transmission. The new V8 offers copious and refined power delivery, but unimpressive mileage numbers. Mountaineer has been redesigned inside and out, and the results are pleasing. Now easily distinguishable from the Explorer from the A-pillars forward, its "New Edge" theme makes use of a satin-finish grille and bold headlamps. Meanwhile, the interior gets satin-aluminum trim accents, lending a distinctive, high-tech flavor to this former Explorer clone. Improvements to the Mountaineer are much more than cosmetic, however. An all-new independent rear suspension featuring a unique porthole-in-frame design debuts this year. This setup allows the rear floor to drop 7 inches - thereby making room for a third-row seat - while increasing ground clearance to 9.2 inches. At the same time, ride and handling have been dramatically improved. The Mountaineer now feels more stable on the road and exhibits flatter cornering characteristics. A 2.5-inch wider stance improves handling even more, while increasing interior room. Noise, vibration and harshness (NVH) have also been improved in the 2002 Mountaineer. A 50-percent reduction of air leakage into the truck's cabin and a refined automatic transmission make for a more serene driving environment, although some vibration from the available all-wheel-drive system does intrude through the floor. New convenience features in the Mountaineer include a standard six-way power adjustable driver's seat, along with optional adjustable pedals, heated front seats and heated exterior mirrors. Among the Mountaineer's new safety features are optional side curtain airbags, a stiffer body shell and a lower front bumper for improved crash compatibility with other vehicles. Later in the model year, rollover protection sensors, and a new AdvanceTrac traction/stability control system will also be available. The Mountaineer's strengths lie in its feature content, powerful engine choices and improved rear suspension. There are plenty of SUVs on the market, but if you want an Explorer, yet can't stomach the thought of owning the golden retriever of sport-utility vehicles, the Mountaineer just might float your boat. 
 very interesting! 
 You may have seen this... 
 Alas I've been caught.  I am working on a CRRA deal re fuel cells.  ckm 
 I now have a pager.  My number is 888 710 7935.  You can also send me an email at 8887107935@pagenetmessage.net.  Kay 
 I have a new pager, and although I'm not positive I will keep it long term, here's the info:  To call by phone and enter a page:  888 710 7935 To send an email message: 8887107935@pagenetmessage.net  I'm still trying to figure it out.... 
 This place amazes me!  Thanks for  your help.  I have no patience for it.  We went to Michael's school conference today.  His teacher raved about how everyone just loves Michael. He is so sweet.  He is staying with my folks this week, and the 3 of us miss him so badly.  I can't wait for him to come home.  Neil is going to meet my folks and Michael in Palacios this Friday, and spend the weekend there, bringing him home on Sunday.  I've got to take Roscoe for his last mange shot, so I'm staying.  Plus, I spent last weekend with my folks, and too much exposure doesn't work for us.  I hope to  PURGE the house of all the junk I have.  I hope it is raining, because  that is great cleaning weather.  I want to see bare space in my closet.  I think I'll call the Women's Center and see what type of stuff they need.  I'm planning on taking next Thursday and Friday off.  Next Thursday is Paige's 21st birthday, so we have great plans.  Do you know anywhere that can enlarge a photo and mount it on a board?  I still get a bill for the card they used previously for my phone.  Go figure.  I need to send off my Tx tax and bar dues today.  I'll want to fed ex, just in case you are sending anyone else's today.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Well, I told Michael that Bronco could ride in the wagon, so I guess he needs a wagon big enough for Bronco!  ckm 
 Hi there,  I'm thinking of working out after work - hopefully kind of early.  Ok with you?  I should still be home before 730.  Michael took Bronco to school.  I'm sure he will have him at the CC.  Kay 
 fyi 
 ok 
 As I mentioned to Scott, we are engaged in active discussions with PB (on behalf of Co Op City) concerning whether Enron will have any role in the EPC activities. In light of those discussions, I suggest that the meeting scheduled for today be postponed until after Mark and I speak with PB tomorrow  afternoon.  I discussed this with Mark, and he is fine with postponing the meeting.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I haven't worked with any workout folks.  Do you know Lisa Mellencamp (in ENA Legal)?  She isn't in that area any more, but she used to be.  She might know the players.  Kay 
 Hi Pete,  Here are some comments from GE re confidentiality. Please hang on to the comments pending further direction.  If you are available today for the conference call, it might be helpful for you to listen in for a while.  If you have a conflict, don't worry about it.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Congratulations on your promotions, which demonstrate that ethical standards (coupled with stubborness) deserve to be  rewarded!  Kay 
 Speaking of tennis, Michael asked Neil if he can teach him how to play.  Neil said no, since he doesn't know how.  I told him I can play, and now Michael thinks I should play with him, then he will teach Neil.  Very elaborate plan!  Remember how we used to hit tennis balls against the house?  Can you believe we never broke a window?  We have a detached garage, but the door is metal. I can't imagine how loud that would be!  I remember trying to encourage Paige to swim, bike, whatever.  Pushing NEVER helped.  She can swim and ride, so I guess it worked out ok.  She never showed any interest in playing on a sports team, even though she used to go to my softball games.  Whatever.  Time to go home!  Love,  Kay 
 How do I get on the list for the form?  Could you pretty please check for me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hey, at least you can sew... 
 Hi there,  Could you send me three brochures?  I'm working on getting a couple of friends together for a 2-3 night retreat to LAS.  Please send the info to Kay Mann, 29 Inverness Park Way, Houston, Texas, 77055.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Pop quiz to follow... 
 Hmmm.  Very interesting.  I doubt AIG thinks of itself as being in the middle. 
 This has sound... 
 Hey there,  I'm going to try very hard to make it to Dick's farewell party.  Who did the invitations?  It is so clever.  Kay 
 I think Tuesday, 2/27, looks good. 
 Just a reminder. 
 Here are my initial comments:  There's no clear triggering event which would expedite the internal approval process.  For instance, paragraph 3 is a current obligation (re landscaping).  It would be easier to process this agreement if the effectiveness of this agreement commences when we  file for a building permit.  I understand that we would have to pay some of this prior to the time the permit is issued, but again, magic words help.  Paragraph 6 on right of first refusal for power.  Looks like a free call for the next 30 years.  Just want to make sure you've bought in on this.  Other than the obvious valuation impact, it could impact a purchaser's ability to obtain project financing.  Kay 
 Bronco is on the sofa upstairs. 
 No problem.  I appreciate the help in trying to keep track of it.  Kay 
 Hi Shirley,  Is this meeting still set for tomorrow?  I heard a rumor that it had been changed again, but I don't know if it is correct.  Kay 
 Barbara,  Here's the latest word I have on the meeting, which sets it for tomorrow.  Is there something later which sets it for today?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I think it can be accomplished so long as we have no obligation to agree to any particular terms in the definitive docs.  I don't see why we would need to DASH exclusivity.  See you soon,  Kay 
 Hi!  I was off work yesterday, so I just got your email.  You gotta love President's Day.  We went to the rodeo last night, and I'm really tired today.  I'm too old to go out on a school night!  Mom said that the dr wants to do a sonogram on Dad's neck to check out the blockage.  When I talked to her they didn't know when it would be scheduled. Evidently there is some unclogging procedure they can do.  Sounds dangerous to me, but I don't really know anything about it.  Too bad about Katie's asthma.  I was worried that Paige has it, but she went through a bunch of tests and they said she doesn't have it.  Just really bad allergies that make her wheeze.  I'm not sure of the difference, but I believe this dr.  Michael still isn't interested in playing team sports.  We asked this spring and he said not yet.  I don't know why he doesn't want to play, but I don't want to push him either.  Maybe I should take him to watch some little kids play.  Maybe we can come watch Annie play.  Neil's rodeo stuff will be over next week. Everything else is business as usual around here.  Say "hey" to everyone.  Love,  Kay 
 Pete,  These comments are from our Finance group.  These are FYI at this time; further discussions to follow.  Kay 
 Talk to you when you get back. 
 So when are you leaving today? 
 I would like a copy of the Pompano Beach and Deerfield Site Plan Approvals, please. Thanks,  Kay 
 No can do.  Thanks anyway. 
 I worked out for the first time in a bizillion years.  Oh my gosh.  At least I know how to work out, and I know not to take it to the limit the first time out, but it is still hard to move.  I didn't exercise my legs or my back much, figuring that's what I'll need most this weekend for yard work.  I think I saw our neighbor Kim playing basketball.  I took an abs class, since I need to get my abs (and back) in shape to protect myself from injury.  I could really mess myself up after such a long hiatus!  The Met was plenty convenient.  They have a  spa there now, with all the spa stuff.  ckm 
 Steve,  My best days are:  Feb 22, 23, 26 March 5, 8, 9  Kay 
 Hi.  My meetings in Florida are scheduled for Feb 28, March 1 and March 2.  I do not know when I will be leaving, but if there is a way to leave on the morning of the 28th, I will do so.  More details to follow!  Kay 
 Hot off the presses.  I'm looking at it now. 
 Gentlemen,  I think we also need to be certain that we have a decent amount of discretion in whether we close, otherwise we have to consider the DASH process at this time.  Kay 
 As you know, Enron and Peoples jointly own enovate. Our group in Chicago is looking to manage some funds which belong to enovate. We had initially envisioned having a cash management policy which would outline how Enron would invest the funds, etc.  The other owner of enovate, Peoples, has proposed that we use the attached document in connection with this arrrangement.  This is taking me a little far afield of my area of expertise, so I'm writing you guys for input, direction, etc.  Suggestions? Gregg do you want to correct any of what I wrote?  Kay 
 Hi Gregg,  I've sent John an email (didn't have his number).  If you have it I will follow up  with a phone call.  I was out yesterday (jury duty called) and Janet was out-of-pocket this afternoon.  I'll try to track her down tomorrow.  I will forward the finance agreement to a finance lawyer and tax, and will send you a copy so you'll know who is in the loop.  Kay 
 Hi John,  I haven't been able to find you number.  I wanted to discuss the confidentiality agreements, and whether you envision that other confidentiality agreements may be necessary or required.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I have a phone number on a post it note on my cabinet, just to the right of where my computer would be if I was there.  It is a lawyers name (which of course I can't remember), male, with a 212 or 202 phone number.  It may be David something or other.  Could you email me that name and number?  Do you know if there is a way for me to save my emails that I have in folders?  Bet the weather is better than this in San Fran.  Kay 
 fyi 
 Carlos tells me that he has had difficulty forwarding emails, so I'm sending this along.  Kay 
 One of us can. 
 Hi there,  On the options we should delete the reference to the Federal Arbitration Act, so that the sentence with that reference ends with "binding arbitration".  I changed it on the confidentiality agreement, but missed it here.  Carlos caught it.  Kay 
 More for the contract... 
 Hi Pete,  Here's some language to be included in the form contract.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Choice of law doesn't impact place of arbitration.  We just need a starting position... 
 Yes. 
 I set up a directory called "Confidentiality Agreements" and put a form in there based on what KC sent me.  I'm so proud of myself. 
 1. Remedies, Jurisdiction, Arbitration and Governing Law.  Money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement by Optionor, and the Optionee shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive relief as remedies upon proof of any such breach.  Such remedies shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedies for a breach of this Agreement by Optionor or any of its Representatives but shall be in addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity to the Optionee. Excepting the right of Optionee to seek such relief, all claims and matters in question arising out of this Agreement or the relationship between the parties created by this Agreement, whether sounding in contract, tort or otherwise, shall be resolved by binding arbitration pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act. The arbitration shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA").  There shall be three arbitrators. Each party shall designate an arbitrator, who need not be neutral, within 30 days of receiving notification of the filing with the AAA of a demand for arbitration.  The two arbitrators so designated shall elect a third arbitrator.  If either party fails to designate an arbitrator within the time specified or the two parties' arbitrators fail to designate a third arbitrator within 30 days of their appointments, the third arbitrator shall be appointed by the AAA. It is expressly agreed that the arbitrators shall have no authority to award punitive or exemplary damages, the parties hereby waiving their right, if any, to recover punitive or exemplary damages, either in arbitration or in litigation. The place of the arbitration shall be New York, New York. 
 I'm not doing a good job of time management, so yoga is looking doubtful. 
 Sounds like a good approach to me. 
 Thank you.  I appreciate it. 
 Rusty,  I will get with Kathleen and we will prepare on a form.  However, you will need to provide one of us with the details on a case-by-case basis, so that we (Kathleen) can generate the CA's and track them in the legal department database.  If we have the following information, a CA can typically be generated on a same day basis:  name, address of counterparty, including name of contact person type of deal contemplated what type of information is being provided whether both parties are providing information whether exclusivity/non-circumvention provisions are desired   Thanks,  Kay 
 Let's discuss. 
 must be for real 
 We had a good time.  I always enjoy Ozzie and Heather. Carlos joined us, too.  Ozzie has a new Mercedes convertible, and he drove me to Michael's babysitter to pick him up.  Michael's eyes were the size of saucers!  ckm 
 I thought you might enjoy this.  You should have seen Michael's eyes while he was riding in that Mercedes convertible yesterday.  He was speechless, and you know how rare that is!  I suspect we will be hearing about it now...  Kay 
 Hi Steve,  Here's what NJR received.  Kay 
 Lisa/Rose,  Attached is a brief letter which has been approved by Herman, and which is= =20 now presented for your review and approval. Greg Krause is the commercial= =20 lead, currently in Florida.  His cell phone number is 713 857 0369.  Kay    Mr. Alberto Gonzalez Transmission Business Manager 4200 West Flagler Street Miami, Florida  33134   Re: Letter of Agreement Regarding Interconnection Development Services for= =20 the Midway Development Company, L.L.C.  Dear Mr. Gonzalez:  Consistent with the results of the Feasibility and Facilities Studies and= =20 discussions that have been held to date between Florida Power & Light Compa= ny=20 (=01&FPL=018) and Midway Development Company, L.L.C and its designees refer= red to=20 as =01&MDC=018, by this letter MDC authorizes FPL to perform the necessary = studies,=20 analysis and other activities required to develop and support a schedule th= e=20 necessary for a potential power project to interconnect with FPL=01,s=20 transmission grid system and receive back-feed by March 15, 2002.=20  MDC authorizes FPL to utilize the one hundred twenty-two thousand dollars= =20 ($122,000.00) currently on deposit with FPL for Feasibility and Facility=20 Studies to cover the cost of this work  The scope of this work will be determined by MDC and FPL based on ongoing= =20 discussions and may be altered or modified by mutual consent from time to= =20 time. =20  FPL will inform MDC periodically of their progress and if additional funds= =20 are required to finance this work. =20  Please acknowledge concurrence to the above between FPL and MDC by executin= g=20 duplicate originals of this Letter of Agreement prior to returning to FPL f= or=20 final execution.  Sincerely,    Ben Jacoby Director Enron North America      AGREED AND ACCEPTED: Florida Power & Light Company  ___________________________ C. M. Mennes Vice President, Transmission Operations & Planning 
 Anything for the grocery list, my sweetie pie? 
 Please calendar.  I don't know if I'm going to be out of town. 
 Hi Mark,  I don't know  what these folks are up to.  In fact, I didn't know that Scott Laidlaw was involved.  When I spoke with EECC I told them that they needed to get direction from you, someone from Mike Coleman's group, or an ENA developer.  Any word from the Co Op/PB team?  I have jury duty in just a little while, so I'll be out of touch for a short while.  Kay 
 You might find Stephanie and ask for a copy. This is a very nifty reference tool. 
 Thanks for agreeing to help.  Please call Ben Jacoby to get things going.  Kay 
 I don't know the dynamic between the Intergen team and Team Coral.  Assuming there's no bad blood, I don't suppose it would hurt.  I just don't know enough about the situation.  I have jury duty today, by the way.  Kay 
 Hi Tana,  A little birdie tells me that you  have a supply of the Energy & Power Risk Management Glossary booklets.  Am I getting close? I've found it to be very helpful, and I think it would help one of our new lawyers, Carlos Sole. Could I get a copy for him?  Any other good power references?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Sharon,  Michael will pass on next week's appointment.  He and I have the day off together, so I'm making some special rodeo plans.  His winter report from his teachers was good.  He is meeting or exceeding expectations in all categories.  We recently visited at school and watched him for about an hour, and he was attending very well, sitting still (well, relative to the other kids), following instructions, raising his hand to be called upon, etc. You should have heard him speak Spanish - it was so cute. We visited in the am, and I haven't seen him in the afternoon without meds. The class schedule hasn't required an afternoon dose as of yet.  Hope all is well with you.  Kay 
 Oh, yeah, that's right..... 
 Please print 4 execution copies of this from my o drive  Clarksdale/MDEA ILA/extension May 29  Please date the letter today.  Thanks,  kay 
 I'm all for that.  I may take him out very early to look at the tractors. 
 Do you want to include Mike Sandridge also?  Kathleen?  I'm happy to volunteer my assistant, Suzanne, to help with the logistics, restaurant suggestions, keeping track of rsvp's.  Kay 
 As far as I know it is fine. 
 Yes.  At least now I don't also have lunch with John! 
 This looks good to me.  We'll track down Janet if that is ok with you.  Kay 
 Hi Charlotte,  What's your preference today?  I can either meet you at our house, or pick up Michael at your place.  Kay 
 I want to go to this on Thursday.  I rsvp'd myself. 
 Hi.  Lisa (Mellencamp) and Chuck are getting married, date unknown.  He has given up his apartment and has moved in.  That makes 6 teenage girls under one roof, although 3 of them are there every other weekend.  I really like both of them, so I think this is nifty.  Kay 
 John and Randy,  I got a call from Bob Sevitz regarding a change I made to the EECC revisions to the Co Op City EPC contract.  Specifically, I deleted language he had added to the waiver of consequential damages.  Bob had added a provision that said that the waiver was "subject to" the indemnification section of the contract.  I felt this was too broad of a carve out, especially from the contractor's point of view.   Any tweaking of the indemnity language (to blatantly reconcile it with the waiver) can occur during the drafting process.  Just wanted to pass this along.  Kay 
 Hi Randy,  Here's what you missed.  My personal preference is to not spend the money to check out the licensing issues at this point since I don't have the outside counsel doing anything now.  When John called me last week and asked the question I gave him that opinion, and I had assumed that it had been communicated to you.  Sorry about that!  Kay 
 Did he say what happened?  I thought he wasn't taking her until next week. 
 I'm going! 
 The posted number was a mistake. 
 Please call John Keffer and re-schedule Thursday's lunch - two meeting have come up.  Friday is good for me.  713 751 3255 
 I've been researching the Pathfinder today.  Nissan has a pretty good website.  I like the little videoscreen - how's that for a toy?  I'll go back and look at the Toyota.  ckm 
 I had a nice trip in.  I tried a slightly different route, and it was uneventful.  Kinda slick, though.  How much does it cost to mail a letter now?  Is is $.34?  Of course I have a bunch of 33 cent stamps.  I have no clue how much rock that would be.  I should measure the length of the beds, then I could compute how much to get, at least sort of.  There's some grass to be dug up also.  I think I will start with the Advil today! 
 This might be really helpful. 
 Did I miss anything? 
 Here are the AES documents. 
     ?EDMUNDS' REVIEW  Nissan's hardy Pathfinder has always been our vehicle of choice for seeking a new path to the premium outlet center. Though the exterior may exude that tough-guy outdoorsy image, the interior has always been comfortable enough for the dilettante woodsman who doesn't like to get his nails too dirty. Though the old 3.3-liter V6 engine provided acceptable levels of low-end grunt, the coarsely produced 170 horsepower it made was meager when stacked against newer competitors. So revel, all you who seek liberation from urban ennui -- the Pathfinder is finally energized by a stouter V6, based on the Maxima sedan's stellar powerplant. When mated to a five-speed manual transmission, the 3.5-liter, DOHC V6 engine produces a mighty 250 horsepower and 240 foot-pounds of torque. Matching it to an automatic tranny will usurp 10 ponies but add 25 foot-pounds of twist, still ample power to haul plenty of equipment and go mountain climbing, as well as merge onto freeways without fear. The Pathfinder comes with rear-wheel or part-time four-wheel drive, the latter of which provides a shift-on-the-fly transfer case that can be engaged at speeds up to 50 mph. On LE models, an automatic All-Mode four-wheel-drive system can be specified for 2001, giving you one more reason to skip paying the extra tariff the Infiniti QX4 commands. All-Mode operates in 2WD, automatic 4WD, 4WD-Hi and 4WD-Lo, all selected using a simple rotary knob on the dashboard. We've long admired the Pathfinder for its excellent ride and handling, further enhanced by solid unibody construction. The interior, one of the friendliest of any SUV on the market, is spruced up for 2001 with an updated instrument panel. A new dual level center console with a padded armrest and 12-volt power source will organize all your gewgaws. You can choose from three trim levels -- the XE, which for the 2001 model year comes with standard power windows, mirrors and locks, and a security system; the sporty SE, which gives you a choice of automatic or manual transmission along with sporty trim; and the top-of-the-line LE, which includes fog lights, Bose audio system, and fake wood accents. All models come standard with 16-inch wheels, full-size spare tire, a CD player and ABS. Side airbags can be ordered as long as they are contained in leather-wrapped seating, which is available only on SE and LE. Those same models, when power is transferred to the drive wheels via an automatic transmission, can be equipped with a mobile entertainment system, which includes a 6.4-inch flip-down LCD screen, video player, and ports to plug and play a PlayStation 2 (And we all know how important that will be after Christmas, don't we?). A "Birdview" navigation system, shared with the Infiniti QX4, is also available, but we don't recommend it. While the "Birdview" perspective is interesting, teensy, tiny, little, itty-bitty buttons control the thing, along with some of the climate control functions. Get a map. Items that remain static from last year include a substantial maximum cargo carrying capacity of 85 cubic feet (surprising for what appears to be a relatively small vehicle). Some of this space, in our humble opinion, should have been used to alleviate the still-cramped rear accommodations. Despite a few quibbles, we're thrilled that Nissan finally rectified the Pathfinder's main problem -- horsepower. With this updated, competitive package, we're betting fat rebates and dealer incentives have gone the way of the Dodo. 
 (20) If and when a new RTO begins operation, seek to provide Scheduling Services [term used correctly?] and to satisfy required RTO rules and protocols in accordance with RTO requirements. 
 Thank you.  I really liked Don. 
 Did you know that one out of every 10 cars and trucks sold in the U.S. is a Lexus or a Toyota? With the new Highlander, Toyota will easily cement itself as one of the best-selling brands in North America. How can we be so sure? Because the Highlander represents an optimum blend of three utilitarian types of vehicles: the station wagon, the minivan and the sport-utility vehicle. Based on the same platform as the Lexus RX 300, which itself is based on modified Toyota Camry mechanicals, Highlander is longer, taller and wider where the wheels meet the pavement than the Lexus. Despite its greater size, the Highlander is lighter than the RX 300, so acceleration should equal or better its upscale cousin. Braking will likely prove impressive, too. Highlander comes standard with four-wheel disc brakes equipped with electronic brake force distribution (EBD) and brake assist (which maximizes braking power during a panic stop). Highlander is rated to tow 3,500 pounds, when properly equipped. Helping to meet that specification is the same 3.0-liter V6 that resides under the hood of the RX. Making 220 horsepower at 5,800 rpm and 222 ft-lbs. of torque at 4,400 rpm, the V6 features Variable Valve Timing with intelligence (VVT-i). The standard engine, also using VVT-i to maximize power and efficiency, is a 2.4-liter inline four making 155 ponies and 163 ft-lbs. of twist. The four-speed automatic transmission provides a "snow mode" for easy starts on slippery surfaces. With 7.3 inches of ground clearance (6.9 on front-wheel drivers) and a fully independent suspension front and rear, Highlander isn't designed to tackle tough terrain. But it'll work great during heavy snowfalls. Toyota's Vehicle Skid Control (VSC) system, which includes traction control, is optional, and is designed to recognize when the Highlander isn't responding to the driver's steering inputs. VSC will then apply selective braking to bring the truck (car?) back under control. In the event it fails (not likely, but possible), Highlander protects occupants with whiplash injury lessening (WIL) front seats, five three-point seatbelts equipped with automatic and emergency locking retractors (ALR/ELR), front seatbelts with pre-tensioners and force limiters and ISO-FIX child seat anchors. Daytime running lights and side airbags are optional. Inside, Highlander delivers 38.5 cubic feet of cargo space with the rear 60/40 split folding seat in use, and a whopping 81.4 cubes when it's folded. Air conditioning, CD/cassette combo stereo with six speakers, cruise control, tilt steering wheel, bottle holders, and grocery bag hooks are standard. Opting for Limited trim gives you JBL sound, automatic climate control, remote keyless entry, woodgrain interior trim, alloy wheels with full-size spare, fog lights, privacy glass and other upgraded features. Leather upholstery is available on V6 models. Toyota is planning to sell 70,000 Highlanders in calendar year 2001. We'll bet demand outstrips supply. B 
 My dad has the same thing as Sheila's mom (athlersclerosis).  He gets tired easily, and doesn't walk very well.  But at least he can still walk!  He's only 70, but this stuff is progressive.  A long future is unlikely.  Michael adores his PopPop, and March is a nice time of year on the cost.  If I'm there I can do a lot of the hard stuff for my dad, which helps.  What kind of vehicle to you have?  I've decided that I need an SUV. 
 I ate at the Met, so I had a big lunch.  Fridge foraging is fine.  I would get the stone delivered as early as possible, so that I can pace myself.  Bob said he ordered 1700 pounds, if I am remembering correctly. Guess I should go look.  ckm 
 Poor baby!  At least it is only twice a year, or in her case, this one last time.  I think I may take him fishing with my dad and mom in Palacios.  He really loves it, and my dad is in declining  health, but can still get around.  I hate to waste the opportunitty to let them spend time together.  ckm 
 Maybe we should have the GE call on Thursday, or maybe Friday am. 
 I'm having a set printed.  Kay 
 Please print.  Thanks,  Kay 
 How depressing.  I really was liking the idea of a Durango.  I do think Lisa and Bobby have been pleased with theirs, but maybe they've just been lucky.  Mitsubishi isn't attractive to me, but I don't know why.  I really can't think of much unless I go back to the idea of the small Lexus.  The big one is just too expensive.  I don't want a Ford (that knocks out a lot), you don't like the 4 Runner, and the Land Cruiser is too expensive also.  I don't remember being particularly impressed with either the Yukon or the Tahoo.  What else is there?  ckm 
 Sheila,  I have jury duty on Wednesday.  ckm 
 I'm desperate.  HELP!!!!!!  We have a meeting with Duran et al today, and I really wanted to brouse through this before then. 
 Hi Pete,  We want the GE form to be on an individual turbine basis.  As for work priorities, I would put it in front of the City of Austin agreement.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I sent him an email earlier, and he left me a voice mail back.  I'll call him and see what I can find out. 
 Fred,  Sounds "do able".  Please contemplate what would be acceptable as "outs" for them and for us.  A,lso, will you be getting RAC involved soon since we are contemplating a binding agreement in the near future?  My best guess is that the LOI will be prepared in house, but I will discuss this with Carlos, and we will advise K & S of their role.  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI. Note that PSEG wants to sign a binding LOI.  Carlos and I will discuss how to move forward.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Looks like it is ok to keep the same.  How's the GE master form agreement coming along?  When do you think we will have a draft?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hopefully you will get some credit for it, also.  I just love Lisa.  I think she's a ton of fun. 
 FYI. I have jury duty on Wednesday, Feb 14.  Kay 
 Hi.  This is one of my top priorities.  I think it looks fine.  What do you think?  Kay 
 If it were me I'd go for the standard limo, mostly because I've never seen the other kind. 
 Please draft a letter to the guy listed in the first email below (Hartzell at ITM), using the stuff in Chris' email as the body of the letter.  Save under General LOI, and I'll finish the letter.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Did anything get set up?  I'm booked at 200, but otherwise available.  Kay 
 fyi, we have staff meetings on the first and third Wednesdays, at 130.  The meetings usually last an hour or less.  ckm 
 Good morning,  Just checking in.  Michael and I had a good morning.  No weird outfits today.  Figures, since I now have a camera ready to go.  So what do you think about the stone thing? I like the way Bob's front yard looks.  I'm not sore today, but then again, I didn't do all that much.  Our yard is looking better, though.  Hope you are having a good day.  Love,  ckm 
 Hi Mark,  Here's the latest, incorporating the "arrange for" approach on the EPC and O&M.    Kay 
 Lee,  I've forwarded your email to Eric, and have asked for his response.  The changes were his.  Thanks,  Kay  ps  Thanks for the invite Friday.  We had a great time. 
 Hi there,  Any comment?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Previous correspondence on the topic of assignment to outside counsel.  See 10/10 email from me below. 
 FYI:  another instance of  work being sent directly to outside counsel.  In this case it was an additional assignment related to an ongoing project.  Kay 
 My only advice is to be very specific in their scope.  These guys run up bills worse than anyone. 
 200 is late enough for anyone to be out.  I'm all for the limo taking people home at that time.  I am concerned about Michael AND about imposing on Donnie and Lynn.  Are you taking Friday off?  Kay 
 I have your rodeo tickets.  The total is $114.  Kay 
 Fred,  When you need something for a project, please come to me first (or whoever might be the appropriate ENA lawyer).  Going directly to the outside lawyer creates problems. For instance, it is Enron policy that we do  not pay outside counsel for work not referred to them by an ENA lawyer.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm leaving now. 
 Gentlemen,  Attached for your review is a draft of the letter of intent.    Please let me know if you have any difficulty opening this document.  Kay 
 FYI. 
 How many times do I have to say EMAIL IT? 
 In your presentation today you mentioned an assessment agreement and an interconnection agreement.  Roger says he isn't working on it.  Who in Legal is handling those docs?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I appreciate the heads up -  I'll try to chase down the fax (it hasn't been delivered yet).  Can you email me the blacklines just in case?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Chris,  Your invoice for December reflects final revisions to the documents through December 20th, so I'm assuming the draft the Schaeffer's signed was done subsequent to anything transmitted on December 13th.   However, emailing documents directly to me and calling me on the phone will be a big help.  Thanks for your response,  Kay 
 I think it is fine to send it to Lee and Kent. 
 Here's where I'll be tomorrow. 
 Sounds great. 
 Hi John,  Just opened my email.  I have a meeting tomorrow off campus.  Next week looks good, though.  Any free days?  Kay 
 Looks good to me. 
 Attached is the form of option agreement for the Schaeffer option which passes muster.  The changes are relatively minor, but have significance from an accounting and legal perspective.    Kay 
 He's going to be at the birthday party or at Matt's.  Maybe we should drop him off. 
 Pardon the delay, but I inadvertently left you off the email.  Kay 
 John,  I think I misspoke (or miswrote).  The change I suggested would belong in both versions. 
 Hi John,  The enovate version looks fine.  I suggest this change to the Peoples versi= on:  iv) is required to be disclosed to comply with any applicable law, order,= =20 regulation or ruling or to enforce enovate=01,s or PMW=01,s rights in court= or in=20 an arbitration proceeding in connection with the Limited Liability Company= =20 Agreement of envoate dated April 26, 2000, as amended, modified, and=20 supplemented from time to time (the =01&LLC Agreement=018). If PEC is reque= sted or=20 required (by oral question, interrogatories, requests for information or=20 documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process) to=20 disclose any Confidential Information, PEC will promptly notify ENA of such= =20 request or requirement so that ENA may seek an appropriate protective order= =20 or waiver in compliance with provisions of this Agreement.  If PEC and ENA= =20 are both parties to the proceeding, PEC will agree to an appropriate=20 protective order.  Thanks,  Kay 
 please calendar. 
 Wanna come up? 
 Could you check out the sitter thing?  We could drop off Michael and take the Enron Field shuttle.  I don't need to stay late - I'm sure 2 hours would do it. 
 Hi.  How's it going?  Any more thoughts on tomorrow night?  We could ask your mother to sit for a little while.  I think it is pretty neat to get invited to the Enron one.  The head of the power trading legal group stopped by and said to let her know if I ever want to change groups.  I thought that was nice.  I'm contemplating doing something special with Michael over spring break.  I figure you guys have lots of "guy only" stuff coming up, but there aren't a lot of "mom/son" opportunities.  (be realistic)  Maybe we should take a Disney cruise, since that's something you wouldn't like to do.  Love,  ckm 
 OPPS.  I registered twice.  I'm just taking up one seat that day!  Kay 
 I'm getting hourly updates.  I haven't talked to John today.  Carlos tell you about the security guard by HR? 
 Same city, different Westin.  This one is on the Riverwalk, the other was near the Hyatt.  I like San Antonio for the trip though.  Easy!  Busy as usual.  Love,  Kay 
 Here is  a draft for your review, and if you think appropriate, distribution to NJR.  Please let me know if you want changes made.    Kay 
 Scooped me on Ray.  I like him.  I heard Debbie Chance is transferring to another group, and that Reagan is going to be an originator (not a developer). 
 Hi,  Things are going just fine here.  I'm looking forward to spring - baseball and gardening.  I want more weather like last weekend.  I was in NYC last week.  I managed to get lost walking around Midtown.  I know, that's impossible.  I was talking on my cell and walking.  I walked from Bloomingdale's to somewhere east and slightly north of the theater district.  Oh, I should add I was headed to the Omni at 52nd and Madison. When I realized I was walking downhill with only warehouses ahead, it clicked that I was off track.  My feet hurt so badly when I got back I could hardly stand it.  Are you going to spring training this year?  Gotta get back to work. Thanks for writing.  Kay 
 Muchas gracias! 
 Karen,  It appears to  me that revisions were made to this agreement, and the agreement was presented to the counterparty for signature without me being consulted.  Perhaps you did email this to me and I can't locate the electonic file.  In any event, in the future, please call me on the telephone  BEFORE revisions are made to documents and presented to the counterparty.  If you can't reach me by phone, send me an explanatory email. Also, please email me redlines against prior drafts.  This will faciliate my review.  Faxing drafts does not work for me.  I will send you the required changes tomorrow.  Thank you,  Kay 
 Here 'tis: 
 ok.  I thought it was a lot to ask. 
 Brian,  I didn't get the revised draft.  Kay 
 Gregg,  I think I'm in good shape and can look at what John sent tonight.  Ed, just stand by and I'll holler if I need anything.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Thank you. 
 I'll forward the email and you can print and fax.  No big deal. 
 Hi there,  Lee doesn't remember getting a fax from me yesterday.  Did you get a confirmation back?  It was the same fax that was sent to Pete Thompson.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Doug,  I hear you are working on the Midway deal.  Me, too.   I want to go back to the restaurant  you suggested with the remarkable decor and wine list (was it Burns, something like that?).  I look forward to working with you on this one.  Kay 
 Lee just called, and he is here, so if you haven't called him yet, please don't.  Kay 
 Do you mean LITERALLY across the street?  Yikes.  That's making it tough to ignore.  Steak doesn't really appeal to me.  Maybe a Ciro's salad?  ckm 
 Please call Lee Johnson and tell him that one of our development lawyers, Roger Balog, would like 2 tickets for Friday.  I hear Ben wants a ticket for Thursday, but I assume he communicated that to Lee.  Thank him for me, but I have my closing dinner tomorrow, and no sitter Friday.  713 803 0952  Thanks,  Kay 
 Absolutely. 
 Here's a first stab at the LOI.  I just guessed on the attachment.  I have a couple of questions:  Any thought as to how we get/split money (other than the obvious up side for us)?  Do we want to work toward a "Project Development Agreement" which will set forth the basis for how we develop projects on a project-by-project basis? Or do you envision a different next step?  Talk to you soon,  Kay 
 Ben Jacoby is having an offsite Friday at the Hyatt for the East Development group to discuss 2001.  He has asked me (and I think Roger) to sit in. I'm planning on attending.  I'm sure either or both of you are welcome, although it won't be a problem if you don't attend.  Kay 
 I don't think we need the language, especially since the guarantees won't apply to retrofitting the plant later. 
 Just use a regular CA (yes, I changed my mind), describe as a power generation transaction (no equipment reference).  Thanks,  kay 
 Please let me talk to Ben.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Has Herman seen this or the 1st amendment? 
 Quien es mas macho? 
 One thing to put on the list (which may be there all ready) is that we want our officers/directors to effectively resign at closing.  Another detail (and note who is getting this email):  I've had three instances recently where agreements have been forwarded to the counterparty prior to legal review.  As much as I hate to suggest this, it may be best to have the drafts forwarded to Enron Legal before the commercial team receives the docs.  Kay 
 Dick,  Thanks for your reply.  I have since been assured that we will build on what has happened thus far, which is a huge relief to me.  If we see forward progress tomorrow we will be all smiles.  Again, thanks for your reply.  Kay 
 Makes sense to me. 
 Does this mean the LV Co Gen deal has fallen apart, or are there some new LM's in our future? 
 Per your voice mail.  Kay 
 Hi Randy,  Could you fax or email me a copy of the EECC Mou with PB or Riverbay, or whoever.  My fax number is 713 304 8716.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Do you need the electronic file?  All I sent was the redline. 
 Renee,  Question: Are the GE performance guarantees completely voided by the use of inlet chillers?  The first sentence in the first bullet point concerns me.  I'm not sure how the stuff included in the second series of bullet points fits in.  Are these changes in scope, suggestions, conditions?  I think we would be better off increasing the length of the change order to include the pertinent stuff, but not attaching the letter as a reference.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Where's Ben's name? 
 How's Glenn doing with my binder?  Lots of Midway activity this week.  Thanks,  Kay 
 As a follow up to my previous e-mail, here is the second request, which was in my opinion adequately addressed by John Schwartzenburg. I am frustrated with beginning the process over again.  Kay 
 Gentlemen,  This was my first written request for a cost plus contract.  The request was made to NEPCO because at that time NEPCO was supposedly still involved in the project. I left subsequent voice mails for Dave and John Schwartzenburg, then mailed a follow up email to the gang at noon on Thursday, February 1st, copying various folks at EECC.  John Schwartzenburg was out of town, but went out of his way to accommodate my request so that by Thursday evening, I had a form from EECC. I worked over the weekend to adapt the form to this project, and forwarded it to EECC on Monday.  I received no response to the revised draft.  I have recently heard that the EECC form that I spent worked on is being scrapped, and we are starting over.  Is this true?  Kay 
 Innovative is a euphemism for something,  but I can't figure out the right word.  What every means "Company Most Likely to Exhaust its Lawyers with Impossible Structures and Processes"....  ckm 
 It is just too far out of your way.  I'll try to see if I can catch a ride somewhere.  ckm 
 Yeah well.  Next week! 
 Yes, I'd be glad to talk to him.  I know we want to build generation in New York (the next state to have brown outs).  Until Carlos gets settled in send the guys to me.  Trust me, it won't take long to get him settled in!  Kathleen, do we have a land holding company for that region?  I want to think about a  two-tiered approach due to balance sheet issues created by expensive land.  I'll think about it from a TurboPark standpoint also.  Kay 
 I'm not leaving town... 
 Hey there.  I'm back in the saddle again.  I'll get crackin'  Kay 
 I will have a minute in about an hour. 
 Lee asked that I pass this along.  Please let me know if you want some tickets.  Kay 
 for calendar, especially 930 
 I'm a little concerned about the neighborhood (no offense), but I thought you could drive by at lunch.  They also have a facility at the St. Regis school. Lastly, if you watch as you drive home (I know you are looking around anyway) you might see a church with a sign up, etc.  Maybe Grace Presby might have something.  I'm concerned about bringing Michael downtown because of my travel schedule.  Kay 
 Next Monday? 
 I'm faxing a page because the email wouldn't go through.  Kay 
 http://www.kidventurecamp.com/stphilip.htm 
 For your reading pleasure.  I would add that I told them that their role would need to be defined by you, the developer, and Technical Support.  ckm 
 Here's what Eric wrote:   I revised the contract you sent me to make it site specific.  Those changes are redlined.  Please note that I have reinserted sections 10.4.1 and 10.4.3 as well as the defined terms that go with them.  These were related to exhaust temperature and energy.  I know this is a simple cycle plant and they typically aren't required, but I wanted to see if GE would guarantee it anyway.  It maybe helpful in the future if Austin Energy goes combined cycle.  If for some reason GE's lawyers specifically want to leave that out, then they will probably also want to delete sections 10.4.2 and 10.4.4 (and their defined terms) since those also talk about specific exhaust guarantees.  Let me know what they decide.  Exhibit A (site basis conditions) which I also revised was not attached to your file.  (It's right behind the sign-off pages in my hard copy.)  I therefor hand marked up a copy and scanned it.  It is now attached as a separate word file.  Exhibit F is "boiler plate" and shouldn't change.  Exhibit "U" is not in my hard copy.  My copy only goes up to Exhibit "T."   If you get something from GE on Exhibit "U", send it to me and I will be glad to review it. 
 Hi Pete,  I'm attaching parts of an email I received from one of our technical folks regarding the C of Austin turbine contract.  I have to send it in pieces because it is so large.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi there,  Did I ever send this to you?  This one is back on the radar screen.   Thanks,  Kay 
 We need to finish up with the site specific agreement for the equipment, then they can have the whole enchilada.  I would think it could be ready in a week.  I'll get A & K to dust it off.  Kay 
 Come look. 
 Chris,  The docs you sent me that I asked about are titled: Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions for Midway Grove, and Articles of Incorporation of Midway Grove Property Owners Association, Inc.  I'm a bit unclear as to how the attached relate to those docs, but I must confess to having not read all of the previously sent documents or the two docs on this email.  It would help if you could connect the dots for me.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's the answer to the tax and accounting questions. 
 They put it in the middle of the wall.  Please have them come back and put it behind my door.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm tied up but you don't need me anyway. 
 Here's a first draft.  I can't find a working printer to print to (what a way to work), so I haven't printed it yet.  If you can print a copy, I would appreciate it.  Kay 
 That just means there is plenty of work to go around! 
 Fred,  I suggest a phone call among the team today to make sure we are all on the same wave length.  What is your schedule?  Thanks,  Kay 
 JD approved referral of this to Keffer et al.  Fred is anxious to get something to the counterparty - his preference is yesterday.  I would think that a discussion with Fred about the deal might be in order today, even if by phone.  What is your availability?  John/Carolyn, have you had a chance to review the draft I sent you, and do you have any notions about how to structure this deal?  Is the format ok?  Can we  make it more seller friendly without being ridiculous?  When the initial draft is ready, it will need to go to Matt Gockerman (ENA Tax) and Herman Manis (structuring accountant).  Ciao,  ckm 
 Hi there,  Please get someone to hang my white board behind my door.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Opps.  I thought we were talking about the same CO.  Could you please send me  a copy (or electronic file) of the letter you are incorporating by reference?  This CO will need to be signed by Janet Dietrich, Managing Director.  Is the replacement N-1 the same as the replacement N-1 in CO #2?  I'll give this the final once over as soon as I get the letter.  Thanks (and sorry for the confusion),  Kay 
 I hear Erik Kingshill is moving on.  Also Paul Myford is looking for a new spot.  What a lot of changes.  ckm 
 Anytime which works for you is fine, as this is more important than my other meeting. 
 When I travel for more than one day, I usually take my computer and use it on the road.  Hope you are enjoying this perfect weather!  Love,  Kay 
 I'm having copies made of the due diligence binders. 
 Please print all of these.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please check the last couple of pages and see if I'm close.    Kay 
 I had Mexican food for lunch, so LITE dinner for me.  I had lunch with Oz and Heather.  Oz drove us in his new MB convertible.  Really nice.  It is a 430, silver.  How's your day? 
 I should have included you.  Sorry! 
 Hi there,  I've made some suggested changes on the CO you sent.  In the interest of time I'm sending this to David Marshall, since this largely deals with ROL and insurance, and I couldn't tell if he has read this previously.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Yes.  I got someone else to help me.  Thanks anyway. 
 It is a CompareRite document.  If you "view" it in email, then you can save it as a Word document.  If this doesn't work, let me know and I'll create a Word doc.  Kay 
 Yes, however, I could use an electronic version if one is readily available (I have the PDF).  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Rebecca,  Have they issued the news one yet?  If not, I would add the following language:   February 2, 2001  The Chase Manhattan Bank Documentary Division 717 Travis Street Houston, Texas  77002-8300  GE Packaged Power 16415 Jacintoport Blvd. Houston, Texas  77015  To Whom It May Concern:  Enron North America Corp., as Agent for E-Next Generation, L.L.C. hereby requests that Chase Manhattan Bank cancel the following letters of credit (which have previously been returned to GE) upon issuance of corresponding letters of credit for CA Energy Development I, CA Energy Development II, and (who did the last one go to?)  L/C No.:  D-209349 Original Issue Date:  January 10, 2001 Amount: $4,289,200 Beneficiary:  E-Next Generation, L.L.C.  L/C No.:  D-209350 Original Issue Date:  January 10, 2001 Amount:  $717,600 Beneficiary:  E-Next Generation, L.L.C.  L/C No: D-209351 Original Issue Date:  January 10, 2001 Amount:  $717,600 Beneficiary:  E-Next Generation, L.L.C.  Thank you for your assistance in this matter.  Sincerely,   Ben Jacoby Attorney-in-Fact Enron North America Corp. 
 Please email the letter to me before Ben signs it.  Thanks. 
 This should be good enough.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I  checked all my emails, and I don't have any indication that I received/reviewed this version of the document.  The redline is the redline against the last version I have on file.  If the other folks sign before it has been reviewed internally, it is possible that changes will be required. It won't be extensive.  I will ask Karen Way to call me before making changes to drafts, or at least advising me via email so that things will flow more smoothly.  Kay 
 This is a slam dunk. Don't screw it up.  Ok, seriously.  Carlos, you missed a wonderful evening on Friday.  John, it is hard to believe that  you could have acutually have married UP.  Good for you.  Please thank  Debbie for a perfect night.  John, more details on the platimum AMEX with President's Club membership. For real?  I'll process the assignment to John on Monday.  I don't expect a problem, and am ready for it if it surfaces.  No big deal.  Kay 
 Hi there.  Nothings comes off the list.  New additions are as follows:  New transaction with Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, relating to the creation of a jointly owned control area to address generation,  transmission, and retail load delivery.  It is brand-spanking new, so I don't know much more than this.  It is being handled by Ozzie Pagan.  New opportunity with New Jersey Natural to develop projects using Fuel Cells.  Heather Kroll is the contact.  Sale of Blue Dog (GE) turbine.  Likely buyer (at last word) is NRG.  Could be complicated if GE protests.  There's a rumor that we are buying some new turbines from GE, but I haven't been contacted.  The rumor came from GE reps, who asked if I was working on it.  Sheila isn't handling, either, last I knew.  Everything else is the same.  I expect to be in NYC in the middle of the week to continue negotiations on the Co Op City deal (with Mark Bernstein).  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Kay 
 Hi there. This came in while I was on the road.  Mac mentioned his girlfriend, but he didn't mention the Rice thing.  Hmmm. We would love to have him at UH, since he won't aim any higher, and we thing it beats SWTS.  He and his friend were wonderful house guests.  I hope no one got worse on your b day.  Many happy returns!  Love,  Kay 
 How's about we talk about it?  I think that's more efficient.  As long as we talk before the next call, we should be in good shape.  Kay 
 done 
 Not yet.  We are working on a solution.   Kay 
 I know we don't do the bbq, but I would think about this... 
 Yes, but let me review it  before anyone else sees it.  Thanks,  Kay 
 You might hear from Mac tonight (hope so!).  You can give him my cell phone for when he gets in, and we can leave a key under the doormat.  Gotta go meet Mark.  Love,  Kay 
 I'm in NYC, returning tomorrow.  Neil hasn't mentioned Mac calling, but I really didn't think we would hear from him again before today.  We meant to leave the stereo - hope you don't mind.  Paige got a new one for Christmas, and her old one seemed perfect for the Pink House.  We enjoyed our visit also.  Thanks for everything.  Sorry to hear about the girls.  Tis the season.  I hope Lisa has a nice birthday tomorrow, even with sick kids.  Gotta go meet someone.  Love,  Kay 
 Many thanks.  When I first started in the E & C bidness all our company did was cost plus work.  I may have some old exhibits about how the mulitplier was used to capture benefits and burdens, both for field people and home office.  You know the goal is to never create an original document!  Kay 
 It doesn't look like it is going to work out to meet  today.  We should be back next week, though.  Kay 
 Please print the second agreement (the letter agreement) and fax to me.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's the first one...  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Gerry,  I don't remember anyone signing a notice of lien in Arizona.  I remember seeing a bunch of lien notices, since they have to send a notice even if payment isn't due yet.  I always thought that was strange, and sure created clutter.  I can't remember if there was any requirement that we sign.  Does Dewey remember?  If you didn't sign and Dewey didn't sign, that doesn't leave many folks who would have done so.  I guess they could have changed the laws, though.   Sorry I'm not more help.  I've forgotten more than I've remembered.  If you are near town this evening, we are celebrating Paige's 21st birthday at Keneally's, staring around 7.  I'll buy.  I can't  believe she is 21. Very disruptive of my self-perception.  Ciao,  Kay 
 Both of these are capitalized terms in rev 23.  Is there a difference?  Load Projection Model is in definitions, but Load Forecasting Model is used quite a bit.  ckm 
 Suzanne is out today, so would you mind finding this document and having someone fax it to me?  I'll email my fax number to you.  Much Grass,  Kay 
 Here tis! 
 kinda cute... 
 Gentlemen,  As Dave and John know, I'm working on a deal for ENA (and with Jude) which has as one aspect a cost plus EPC contract for the construction of a power plant.  We need to put together the T's and C's for a cost plus contract, and since it is possible that NEPCO might be the contractor, I wanted to use something that is acceptable to NEPCO.  I will then take the laboring oar in order to get a working draft prepared for this project.  As always, I'm on a short time frame, so your response would be appreciated.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Thanks.  Do you have some free time today?  I'm not sure about our schedule, but if we have free time which matches up with you, I would like to spend some time discussing the issues.  Kay 
 I agree that we don't need outside counsel on the call at this point.  If I'm available, I'm happy to participate.  The scheduling problem is due to my travel plans.  I'll join in if the call is at a time I can fit in. Otherwise, I'll catch up with you later about the results of the call.  Kay 
 Hi John,  Mark and I are still working at the hotel, waiting to hear from the=20 counterparty. =20  Could you forward this to Jon?  I don't have his email address.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm flying home tomorrow, but I won't be in the office.  Does today look better?  WE NEED CARLOS!  I've picked up several new deals this week, a couple of them would be perfect for Carlos.  Kay 
 Did I send this to you yet?  Kay 
 Could you email me the list of issues you have encountered thus far.  Ben really wants me to check with you. (I'm so proud!!)  Kay 
 Hi John,  I'm out of town, but will give this a look when I return.  Kay 
 Please email me whatever version of the doc you sent to them.  When it is time for discussions meaningful discussions I would like to be involved.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi.  There's a document in my O drive directory called kendallsale, or something close.  I can't remember where I put it - probably under General LOI.  Could you email it to me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 OK.  Friday was going to be really difficult for me anyway.  Kay 
 Please give this a look and take a first stab at it.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Fred,  If we have the same purchaser for both, it would be a lot easier to agree to the form, then duplicate it.  Do you see any problem with this? I will have to have the electronic form emailed to me, then I can make the changes.  I brought the hard copy, but I don't have access to the electronic form. Have they indicated if they want to go forward with this, or are they still kicking tires?  I need to set priorities, so it would help to know what's most important, especially since I'm on the road.  Do we want to continue marketing the sites during the time period between signing and termination? I don't think 3 weeks would be a problem after signing.  No TurboPark!!!  On the issue of the conference call Friday, I have a meeting with the customer which starts in the am, then I'm on the road.  Monday would be 1000 times better, if this is at all possible.  In that won't work, I will have more details about timing of my Friday meeting tomorrow.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I made it to NYC with no problem.  The weather is nice enough, but windy. I'm on my way to a meeting. 
 Imagine that. 
 I just noticed a glitch, which I'll fix.  Do you have any comments? 
 I need your EXCEPTIONAL help with this... 
 Figured you did, but better to be safe than sorry! 
 I've sent it to the Finance group who will obtain LJM signature.  If I have any problem (ie, it looks like it won't be done this week), I'll let you know so maybe you can expedite on the commercial side.  I'd like to give them a day or two first.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 Ace,  I'm a lawyer at ENA.  We are selling some of our peakers, and in conjunction with the sale we have agreed to not contest Siemens Westinghouse retaining the Blue Girl reservation payments.  SW has asked that LJM sign off on the agreement, and Rose has suggested that I send the original agreements to you, and indicated that she would help coordinate signature.  Your help is appreciated.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Kay  x57566 
 Hi.  I paged you soon after I left the school, but never heard back.  I also tried your cell, but it said it wasn't on.  Are you plugged in today?  ckm 
 View it, don't launch it, then you can print it. 
 Hi David,  The owner is willing to do this cost plus.  Do you have a cost plus form that you like?  It was good to see you yesterday, by the way.  Do you want me to include you on follow up emails on this?  Kay 
 Here we go with a renewal that puts us to 7.6%, but the purchase price is not so much. 
 I ran a redline from the last version I had electronically.    I've forwarded the current version to Herman for his review and approval. Due to some of the changes, Enron may need some revisions as well.  Kay 
 Sorry about this.  I forgot!  I'll give it a look. 
 $25? 
 Let's discuss. 
 I'm thinking my last email was unclear.  I assume that someone from the commercial team will send (or has sent) the extension letter to MDEA, YC, and Clarksdale's commercial reps for their review.  I assume that the  commercial reps with YC, MDEA, and Clarksdale will get whatever legal input they want from their own lawyers if they think it is necessary (may not), but as a courtesy, I sent drafts to the two lawyers I know about.  Kay 
 Here's the option we discussed yesterday.  It has some farm tenancy stuff which I want to make sure you see.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Have you asked Rusty?  I believe Kathleen gave him a hard copy yesterday.  I made the changes myself. 
 This is important stuff.  Pop quiz material.  Kay 
 When you get a minute I need to discuss the last attachment for the Co Op term sheet (the asset management one).  Here's the current state of the draft:    We do not have a current CA with PB.  I will have one in the am to send out.  Do you want Jude, et al to look at the EPC contract stuff?  Kay 
 Could you check with Ben to see if he wants a set? 
 You're right, it sounds better spoken than it looks written.  I get the point, though.  4ish my time looks good.  Kay 
 Geez, lots of choices.  Your vote?  ckm 
 Did I write you back?  Everything is going well here.  I like the work a lot, and I have some nice clients.  I can't wait for Carlos to get here, though.  I went to Izzo's going away reception last week.  Boy, there are a lot of new faces over there.  In in New York the rest of the week.  Maybe next week.  I hope you keep baby pictures with you at all times!  Kay 
 I don't know if David Hunt will have comments.  In any event, Marvin, Bob and the MDEA rep needs to reveiw it.  Reagan has my current requests.  Kay 
 Make that Brinckerhoff. 
 I need a reciprocal confidentiality agreement with:  Parson, Brninderhoff, Quade  & Douglas One Penn Plaza New York, NY 10119  attn: Mr. Stephen Losi  re: potential asset management transaction with Riverbay Corporation relating to Co Op City.  One year term.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Yes, please. 
 FYI.  You are welcome to join us.  Kay 
 Well, there's no instant gratification with that, although it is logical. 
 How about some new carpet?  I HATE THE CARPET IN THE BEDROOM, although it does hide dog hair well.  If we want to stick with dark carpet, I like the green upstairs.  ckm 
 Gotta hear about your trip.  Was it fun? 
 How about a ca with PB Power (or Parsons Brinckerhoff Power)?  Thanks,  Kay 
 There's a monthly birthday party thing at 300 up here.  I know you don't always get the word, so here's the word.  How's your brother?  ckm 
 This place is more difficult than it needs to be. 
 I saw Scott Dieball at Mr. Izzo's going away reception, and shared the happy news that we voted unanimously for him to set up the next conference call.  Kay 
 Works for me. 
 Do we have a ca with either Co Op City or a company called Riverbay something or other?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I have a meeting at EECC which is scheduled from  1130-130, but there is a risk it will run long.  300 would be better.  Thanks for setting this up.  Kay 
 Per Barbara's request, here's a summary of much of what I'm working on:  Co Op City asset management arrangement:  In this deal, Enron would build a small power generation facility for a housing co op in the Bronx, Co Op City.  We would arrange for O & M services, supply the fuel (primarily gas), market their excess power, and, for the first 4 years, take 1/2 the offtake. We are currently working to structure the transaction to keep if off the balance sheet and maximize the mark.  We are working on  a term sheet, and I will be in NYC later this week to continue negotations with the customer. Mark Bernstein is the originator, Debbie Chance is the developer, and NEPCO Houston is  involved.  I discussed outside counsel with Jeff, and I would like to use John Klauberg at LeBeouf.  Sell of two development projects in Illinois.  Two of the sites we have developed (sans equipment) are up for sale, and Fred Mitro has contacted me about supporting the transaction.  Lisa Mellencamp had previously contacted Bracewell about working on it, but I'm a little concerned about the amount of experience of the person they have designated.  I've asked Clark Thompson for some information on his background.  SW 501d - our claim against SWestinghouse, and possible sale of the equipment.  We have issues with the vendor concerning the late delivery of this equipment.  We are also trying to sell the equipment (a turbine/generator set) to Calpine.  Fuel Cells - last year Enron made a $5million investment in Fuel Cells, a company which is developing an almost green form of power generation.  We received contingent warrants which we can cash in if we arrange for 55 mw. We are working with an instrumentality of the state of Connecticut about them buying 26 megawatts. We are working on the purchase agreement with FC, and the project development agreement with the State.  It is quiet right now, as funding is figured out.  There's TurboPark maintenance stuff which pops up weekly.  GE - Sheila and I have a weekly phone conference with GE to work on a standard contract for buying turbines.  I've heard a rumor that we will be buying some more, although neither Sheila nor I have been contacted yet.  I think this is a fair summary of the big ticket items.  Kay 
 Hi Clark,  Good to hear from you.  I'm headed to NYC this week, so lunch doesn't look good.  I would love to see Nancy, though.  She did a very nice job for us.  I can't find any information on Corey.  Can you give me a little background information?  I couldn't find him in the BP directory or website.  Hope all is well with you, and I hope we can get together soon.  Kay 
 I don't think Carolyn needs them, but I will think about it. 
 I was supposed to make a "To Do" list of the World Hunger Team:  Limit of liability/Indemnity - Steve has provided a draft.  Assignment - although we reached an accord for TurboPark purposes, the basic issues remain for discussion.  Confidentiality - Mike has circulated a revised draft.  Termination - This ones on my list.  Warranty - Scott has some comments to discuss.  We also discussed streamlining the time lines, etc.  Kay 
 I wanted to make sure that you saw this. 
 Please email me a brief overview of what these documents are, how they fit into the overall picture, and the issues which need the most scrutiny. Additionally, have these been evaluated in light of Enron's balance sheet and financing issues?  Thanks,  Kay 
    FuelCell Energy Signs With King County, Washington for Digester / Direct=20 FuelCell Energy Project=20 ?=20  Updated: Thursday, January 25, 2001 08:36 AM?ET=20  ?Email this article to a friend!=20 ?Printer-friendly version=20 ?     DANBURY, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jan. 25, 2001--=20 One Megawatt Fuel Cell Power Plant to Demonstrate=20        ?Stock Insight        ?Symbol Last Change        ?FCEL 65.56 +2.93?             ?Index        ?Dow Jones 10684.78 -44.74?        ?NASDAQ 2716.27 -38.01?           ?         ?More Analysis =01=07? See Analyst Ratings=20 =01=07? Compare Growth Trends=20 =01=07? Get One-Click Scorecard=20  ?     ?  Ability of Fuel Cell to Control Emissions and=20 Utilize Renewable Fuel Source=20 FuelCell Energy, Inc. (Nasdaq: FCEL, news, msgs) and King County, Washingto= n,=20 jointly announced the signing of an agreement to install a Direct FuelCell(= R)=20 (DFC(R)) power plant using municipal wastewater digester gas as the fuel.= =20 FuelCell Energy was selected for the project through a competitive process= =20 last July to install and operate a 1MW DFC power plant at the County's Sout= h=20 Wastewater Treatment Facility in Renton, Washington (King County). The two= =20 year demonstration project is cost-shared equally by FuelCell Energy and Ki= ng=20 County, through a cooperative grant to the County from the U.S. Environment= al=20 Protection Agency (EPA). Total value of the contract is $18.8 million.=20 Operations are expected to commence during the third quarter of 2002.=20 "This megawatt-class commercial field trial of the DFC power plant represen= ts=20 the first advanced wastewater digester project for FuelCell Energy", said= =20 Jerry Leitman, president and CEO of FuelCell Energy. "This project will=20 demonstrate the versatility of fuel use with the Direct FuelCell, as well a= s=20 its capability to produce more electricity than other technologies using th= e=20 same quantity of fuel. With 500 municipal waste-water treatment systems in= =20 the U.S., and a greater number of industrial wastewater treatment facilitie= s=20 that produce sufficient gas to supply our fuel cell power plants, we=20 anticipate that generation of electricity at wastewater treatment plants wi= ll=20 be a significant market for FuelCell Energy."=20 "This is cutting edge technology that will help King County turn a waste=20 byproduct into a valuable resource," said King County Executive Ron Sims.= =20 "This is an important project as we look to meeting our future power needs = in=20 this new era of higher priced electricity.=20 A wastewater treatment system that uses an anaerobic digester process to=20 stabilize solids and reduce pathogenic microorganisms produces a methane-ri= ch=20 gas that can be fed to the DFC power plant. According to industry sources, = a=20 30 mgd wastewater treatment plant generates sufficient digester gas to fuel= a=20 one megawatt fuel cell power plant using carbonate technology.=20 Gregory M. Bush, manager, technology assessment and resource recovery at th= e=20 Department of Natural Resources for King County, said, "This is a very=20 exciting project for King County. We are able to use a renewable gas resour= ce=20 product, in this case, a by-product of the wastewater treatment, to produce= =20 electricity to power our plant, and achieve a higher value in the process. = We=20 acknowledge the vision of EPA in seeing that wastewater treatment plants ca= n=20 contribute to the reduction of greenhouse gas and air pollution=20 conventionally associated with electricity generation. We're pleased to pla= y=20 a part in validating digester/fuel cell systems because of the environmenta= l=20 benefits of producing power without combustion, thereby reducing air=20 pollutants."=20 Robert K. Bastian, senior environmental scientist for the EPA Office of=20 Wastewater Management, commented, "Once able to operate on a sustainable=20 basis, it appears that fuel cells have the potential to improve the=20 efficiency of energy recovery from digester gas, while greatly reducing air= =20 emissions -- including greenhouse gases -- from wastewater treatment plants= .=20 The 1MW Carbonate Fuel Cell demonstration project at King County provides a= n=20 opportunity to show and document this potential improvement in energy=20 recovery and reduction in air emissions from the conversion of methane=20 produced by anaerobic sludge digestion to electrical power."=20 FuelCell Energy's field trials are precursors to the DFC commercial market= =20 entry. Current field trials in operation or scheduled for 2001 include 250 = kW=20 DFC power plants at the University of Bielefeld and the Rhone Klinikum=20 Hospital in Germany, at the headquarters of the Los Angeles Department of= =20 Water and Power, a 250 kW system in Japan for Marubeni and a 250 kW unit=20 slated for the spring of 2001 at Mercedes-Benz U.S. International in=20 Tuscaloosa, Alabama. Also slated for 2001 is a 3 kW DFC unit for the U.S.= =20 Coast Guard at the Cape Henry Lighthouse in Virginia to demonstrate fuel ce= ll=20 capabilities at remote sites. Discussions are underway with PPL EnergyPlus= =20 regarding site location for their first order of a 250 kW unit to be shippe= d=20 later this year.=20 About Direct FuelCell(R) Technology=20 The growing demand in both private and public sectors for clean, efficient= =20 power in the US and around the world is driving interest in fuel cell=20 technology. FuelCell Energy's DFC(R) technology, which uses a non-combustio= n,=20 non-mechanical power generation process, has been proven to deliver cleaner= ,=20 more efficient power than that generated by conventional power plants.=20 About FuelCell Energy, Inc. (www.fuelcellenergy.com)=20 Danbury, Connecticut-based FuelCell Energy, Inc. is a world-recognized lead= er=20 in the development and commercialization of high efficiency fuel cells for= =20 electric power generation. The Company's Direct FuelCell technology=20 eliminates external fuel processing to extract hydrogen from a hydrocarbon= =20 fuel. This results in a product whose cost, combined with high efficiency,= =20 simplicity and reliability, offers significant product advantages for=20 stationary power generation. The Company has been developing DFC(R)=20 technology for stationary power plants with the U.S. Department of Energy= =20 through the National Energy Technology Laboratory, whose advanced fuel cell= =20 research program is focused on developing a new generation of high=20 performance fuel cells that can generate clean electricity at power station= s=20 or in distributed locations near the customer, including hospitals, schools= ,=20 data centers and other commercial and industrial applications.=20 This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statement= s=20 regarding the Company's plans and expectations regarding the development an= d=20 commercialization of its fuel cell technology. All forward-looking statemen= ts=20 are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to= =20 differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause such a=20 difference include, without limitation, the risk that commercial field tria= ls=20 of the Company's products will not occur when anticipated, general risks=20 associated with product development, manufacturing, changes in the utility= =20 regulatory environment, potential volatility of energy prices, rapid=20 technological change, and competition, as well as other risks set forth in= =20 the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The=20 forward-looking statements contained herein speak only as of the date of th= is=20 press release. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertakin= g=20 to release publicly any updates or revisions to any such statement to refle= ct=20 any change in the Company's expectations or any change in events, condition= s=20 or circumstances on which any such statement is based.=20  CONTACT: FuelCell Energy, Inc. Investors: Susan Odiseos, 203/825-6475 sodiseos@fce.com or Media: William Baker, 860/350-9100 wbaker@bakercg.com or King County Gregory M. Bush, 206/684-1164 greg.bush@metrokc.gov or Media: Carolyn Duncan, 206/296-8304 carolyn.duncan@metrokc.gov  =09?=09  =09=09 =09=09 =09=09  =09=09 =09=09Subscribe to free=20 Quicken.com newsletters! =09=09 =09=09? =09=09 =09=09 =09=09Get Quotes & Research =09=09 =09=09?Enter symbol(s):=20 ?=20 ?Don't know the symbol?=20 =09=09 =09=09 =09=09  =09=09 =09=09 =09=09Latest FCEL Headlines =09=09? =09=09 =09=09=01=07? =09=09FuelCell Energy Signs With King County, Washington for Digeste... Bus= iness=20 Wire, January 25, 2001=20 =09=09? =09=09 =09=09=01=07? =09=09Banc of America Securities' Agha Initiates Research Coverage of Distr= ibu...=20 PR Newswire, January 23, 2001=20 =09=09? =09=09 =09=09=01=07? =09=09Alert: Banc of America Sec initiates coverage of FCEL at Buy Briefing= .com,=20 January 19, 2001=20 =09=09? =09=09 =09=09=01=07? =09=09Robertson Stephens Daily Growth Stock Update on FCEL, CLSR, A... PR N= ewswire,=20 January 12, 2001=20 =09=09? =09=09 =09=09=01=07? =09=09Alert: Robertson Stephens initiates coverage of FCEL at Buy Briefing.= com,=20 January 12, 2001=20 =09=09? =09=09 =09=09 =09=09More FCEL News=20 =09=09? =09=09 =09=09 =09=09? =09=09 =09=09 =09=09More News =09=09=01=07? =09=09My Portfolio News =09=09=01=07? =09=09U.S. Market News =09=09=01=07? =09=09Top Business News =09=09=01=07? =09=09Analyst News =09=09=01=07? =09=09IPO News =09=09=01=07? =09=09Tech Stocks =09=09 
 Corey,  Thanks.  Was the doc based on any previous Enron transactions?  Thanks,  Kay 
 It should be under Diaz, Ann, if she got an invite.  Surely she got invited. 
 Any idea what the going rate is for a limo on a Thursday?  Nothing extraordinary needed, just your basic version.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Ann,  I'll be there.  Thanks,  Kay 
 OK. 
 Note change from Def to Clay. 
 Ok.  My hubby tells me the tickets you want are available, and he'll put your name on them, so to speak.  Kay 
 Well, that's something I hadn't heard before.  They should let that be known, don't you think?  At least now WE know it!  Kay 
 This is the same lady from yesterday/this am.  How does the fifth ticket work? 
 Well? 
 Good idea about taking the sausage.  Are you going to the store?  If you do, I could use some Diet Coke, silver and gold. 
 I called him. 
 Guess what?  The closing party isn't until Feb. 8.  I had the wrong week! Glad I didn't show up on the wrong day....  BEAUTIFUL weather.  Might want to sit outside and have a little cocktail (or equivalent) tonight.  I had Mexican food for lunch, so popcorn for dinner!  Love,  Kay 
 Well,  there's an argument to be made that the remedy for breach of an option agreement is us suing them for specific performance, ie, making them sell us the land.  Since we shouldn't have any obligations under an option agreement, I don't worry about arbitration.  Let me think about it, though. 
 We have 4 of each of these available at $19 (or whatever face value is). Just let me know what you want to do.  Thanks,  Kay 
 okey dokey 
 Hi Kathleen,  I'm having difficulty reading parts of paragraphs 15 and 17.  Are these=20 jumbled on your screen?  Thanks,  ckm 
 I'm available any time Friday, and tomorrow afternoon is fine, especially after 230.   Kay 
 Hi Charlotte,  We are starting to check out our options for the summer, and one of the things we are considering is the day camp that Enron is involved with.  They pick up and deliver from the Enron building, and I was wondering if you might consider picking Michael up from here (Enron).  I suspect most days he could go to your place.  I have no idea if this is the direction we will go, but I thought I would run it by you early on.  I have to think about how much travel I might have, as it might be hard on Neil to take Michael downtown in the morning.  Paige has applied for a job at Enron, though, so if that worked out we would be in good shape.  Here's a link.   They have some neat themes.  http://www.kidventurecamp.com/camp_enron.htm  Have you heard of any other good day camps?  You seem to be plugged in fairly well.  Thanks,  Kay 
 At this time it appears that I will be going to NYC on Wednesday, returning Friday afternoon or possibly Thursday night.  I'll miss the Turbopark closing dinner, which is not all bad, as it will save me a lot of calories and a headache.  I will miss getting the pat on the back.  I didn't want to miss Michael's open house, though, as that was more important.  As you know, things are subjec to change.  Kay 
 I'm all for getting as much booked in Q1 as possible. 
 I just noticed that I forgot to send you the originals of the letter=20 agreements.  I will have the ABB contract picked up at the same time.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here is one option.  The problem would be getting him picked up when I'm out of town.  Charlotte might be able to help.  Also, there's the Presby church. I wonder if SOTW has something.  He might enjoy a visit.  I just got to work and got my computer up and going.  Yes, the whole ordeal was 1 1/2 hours.  ckm 
 Well, I hope this won't be too complicated.  Did you hire Cory, and if so, what did you think? 
 FYI.  No action required. 
 No TurboPark?  No GE or ABB issues?  I feel like I'm missing something....  I'll get up to speed asap.  Kay 
 FYI.  These is in essence the sale of two of the Illinois development sites that I worked on.  I'll follow up.  Kay 
 I presume that you would just as soon continue to follow this?  Kay 
 I have a note on my calendar that Michael has an appt with SS today.  Has it been cancelled? 
 I'm sorry, I thought that you would remember that this is one of the Chicago/People things, since we recently discussed Jones, Day,, etc. My bad.  Kay 
 http://games.yahoo.com/ 
 Looks fine to me. 
 Just got it, so I haven't read it.  Please let me know what you think.  Kay 
 ENA Legal (TBD) 1. ENA Legal is responsible for deal documentation and legal sign off for the transaction, and is typically responsible for all transaction-related agreements documents such as MOUs/MOIs, Participation or Development Agreements, and any Agreement, which directs the operation of the project (O&M Agreement, Steam Agreement, Gas Agreement, Power Purchase Agreement, etc.).  2. ENA Legal represents the interests of  advises the origination and development team (and other members of ENA management as appropriate) on all legal aspects of a transaction, accessing internal and external resources as required. and reviews/synthesizes comments from the all the groups.  3. ENA Legal works with origination team, Accounting, Global Finance and Tax in structuring the transaction, and communicates with EECC (and others) as required during the execution of the project to faciliate compliance with the structure.   Recommendations for improving the interaction between EE&CC and ENA: 1. EE&CC Legal should be involved in the beginning of the process of drafting documents by EE&CC Contract Administration, unless other procedures have been agreed. 2. Due to conflicts of interest, EE&CC Legal cannot represent NEPCO  while at the same time working with the deal team. to procure equipment for the same project. ENA Legal and EECC Legal should be advised early in the process of any project-related agreements being generated by EECC, so that compliance with overall deal structure and risk profile can be ascertained. 3. Comments returned to EE&CC  need to either be incorporated in the next draft, or if there are issues on the comments, they need to be discussed with the ENA Legal representative or Origination contact, prior to distribution to vendors. 4. EECC Legal and ENA Legal should communicate regarding issues common to both companies so that consistency in position can be achieved as much as possible.  Forms of "standard" agreements should be discussed/agreed to enhance consistency. 5. Service and consulting agreements not specific to a particular transaction which can be untilized by multiple Enron companies via tasking letters should be prepared by EECC.  EECC should provide information concerning the existence of such service agreements. 6.  ENA Legal would should work closely with EE&CC contract administrators in drafting equipment in the preparation of contracts which the contracts personnel have been tasked to prepare. EECC Legal can assist by providing input, but is not required by ENA to sign off on such contracts. 
 Tomorrow is fine.  Kay 
 I'm glad that Michael had the opportunity to meet Dr. B.  Thanks for making that happen.  Kay 
 So are you Gold?  If not, go ahead and use the miles if you want. 
 Please see if you can get me 30 minutes via phone with John Klauberg at 130 today.  He mentioned in his voice mail that he might want to bring in someone else from his firm,  which is fine.  Mark Bernstein will also be on the call.  I'll call him at 130 (CST) if he is available.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Whatcha think? 
 I need a Heather deal to work on.  Good luck in Conn!  Kay 
 I can only open it if I launch it.  I can't view it.  You  might try that.  I think I can print it. 
 Here's the latest... 
 Hi.  Who can meet when? 
 ABB is asking for its original of the facility agreement.  In fact, I need to get originals of the ABB and GE facility agreements to ABB and GE.  When can I get those docs?  Thanks,  Kay 
 You sound so pitiful.  I haven't forgotten you!  Kay 
 I'll follow up. 
 Mitch,  I need to get the LJM signatures.  I've spoken with the Finance folks who can help with this, and I'll try to get that wrapped up asap.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 Hi.  Charlotte is taking Michael home because they were going to McDonald's. Will you be leaving for home at 600? 
 I think Sheila probably got this invitation.  I'm planning on going assuming I'm in town. 
 Sheila would like to re-schedule tomorrow's call for Friday.  Could you send out an email to the GE/Enron group to find the best time?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Rogelio,  Congratulations.  That is quite an honor.  Regards,  Kay Mann 
 Are any of these available? 
 For Tom H. 
 As promissed. 
 I'll send you the final doc's so we can discuss.  I generated the forms, then finance and the banks commented on the forms.  Kay 
 Hi there. 
 Hi Ben,  Has anyone asked you to take a look at this?  If not, I would be interested in your comments.  Kay 
 FYI 
 Could you forward the attachment referenced in your email?  (we all do that) 
 Sounds fine to me.  Kay 
 Sounds good if you would like to forward to counter parties.  I've sent a draft to their counsel all ready (D Hunt and Hemleben).  ckm 
 This needs to be "TurboParked" (parties changed, GFinance advised).  Is there any special deal on payment for the change order?  I'll figure out how to change the signature lines, etc.  Kay 
 You might check out this link and look at the classes.  I haven't been able to take anything but orientation yet, but I hear great things about the classes. 
 713 304 8716 
 My trip cancelled, so I'm around.  I can pick Michael up at your place if this is easier for you.  Kay 
 Does this mean they didn't have to induce?  Please tell her congrats if you talk to her.  Kay 
 Should have included you guys as well. 
 He is chatty in the am.  I enjoy the ride with him.  I'll let CB know that I'm in town.  Kay 
 This term sheet relates to a new deal of Mark Bernstein's.  We haven't responded to it yet.  I suspect you will be consulted about it soon, so I thought I would give you a heads up.  Roger and Herman have heard a bit about the project, and Joe D has been briefed.  Looks like more for TurboPark.  Kay 
 I saw pictures on the tv screens on one of the floors, but I didn't hear about the capture.  How did they do it? 
 need defn of above 
 I figure longer life expectancy is just to make up for all the crummy female days we have.  We probably have the same number of quality days as men.  If that! 
 Here's something to look at.    Kay 
 I think you should send them back to Lee and let him dispose of them. 
 Here 'tis.  I don't think it compared the charts, but it found lots of other things to compare.    Kay 
 I didn't go back and check, but I believe the bills of sale or the assignment/assumption agreement may help, as one of these should have the serial number.  I think you may have a spread sheet that ties serial numbers to unit numbers.  At least I hope so!  Let me know if this doesn't get you what you need.  Kay 
 Are you ok?  ckm 
 Please calendar for Sheila and me.  Thanks,  Kay 
 You might have this info anyway.... 
 Yes, but you would have to track down all those people. 
 Hi there.  Is this required by our agreement, or just a nice touch?  We have a fairly long list of people who we would have to track down, and it seems to me that these people can be replaced (or have been) without the formality of resigning.  I'll send you the list separately.  Thanks,  Kay 
 So have you figured out how to use the portal from home?  I just discovered it yesterday (while at the office).  We went to Arlington for my nephew's high school graduation, which was fine. Sunday we had dinner with Dan Lyons and spouse, which was wonderful. Yesterday I cooked, shopped, and puttered in the yard.  Got the last caladium bulbs in the ground.   I like to wait until they are on sale.  The weekend just flew by.  "They" say sleeping on backs reducing risks of sudden infant death syndrome. Go figure.  At least you can see their beautiful faces while they sleep.  Car seats, strollers and diapers are 100x better now.  Especially the diapers.  Yesterday I had a feeling that your grandbaby is a boy.  Just came to me in the kitchen.  I have a 50/50 chance of being right!  When I was in Austin I used an "above the water" pedal kayak.  Talk about easy.  Neil is talking about us renting to see what we like best.  The above the water is more stable than I expected.  I had assumed that it would be tippy, but it really wasn't.  Hope you have high water and not hell next weekend.  ckm 
 This looks like too much trouble. 
 I am scheduled to be out of the office Tues-Thurs of this week.  I will be in New York with Mark Bernstein negotiating a term sheet for the Co Op City deal.  This is one of the asset management deals I'm working on for the NE Power Team.  I haven't confirmed with Mark that the trip is still on, so there is still the possibility that it might cancel.  Kay 
 John,  We have a sitter lined up, so Feb. 2 sounds great for dinner.  Neil and I are looking forward to it.  Kay 
 I think I'm going to be in NYC tomorrow, otherwise I'd say  your place.  I'll find out what Neil thinks.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Your vote? 
 Hi Charlotte,  We've been invited to someone's house for dinner on Feb 2.  Can you take care of Michael?  The dinner is in River Oaks, so we could just drop him off.  Michael  got a hair cut this weekend.  I think it makes him look taller.  I wish it worked that way for me!  It is very short, and I think very cute.  Kay 
 Sandra,  Can you confirm that a non-smoking room was requested?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi.  We can get a computer hook up through Time Warner for $15 month.  Could you ask John if he likes it?  Can it be installed anywhere in the house?  Thanks,  Kay 
 This stuff is so much better than it was 20 years ago.  It is amazing how things have changed.  Did you know that they now tell you to have  babies sleep on their backs? That is totally different from when Paige was a baby.  It was hard to get used to.  Kay 
 Shall I check with Charlotte about dinner at Keffer's?  ckm 
 I'm feeling fine today. 
 Could you let me know how many there are, so I'll know how we want to handle this. 
 Hope you feel better soon! 
 Did you check out the link to the spandex picture? 
 You are not just buying a pig; you are buying a brighter future for the youth of Texas.  When you purchase a pig from the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo (HLS&R), Junior Swine Auction Committee, all proceeds will go into the HLS&R Scholarship Fund benefiting Texas youth.  Pigs are $600 each and are approximately 225 lb. gross weight.  The pigs can either be donated to The Houston Food Bank or delivered to a processor for your personal use.   To participate please contact Jessie Jewell at 5-4983.  Because this is a tax-deductible contribution, Enron will match your donation dollar for dollar.  Click here to print out the Matching Gift form.  Individuals donating $600 or more are eligible for an invitation for two to the Whole Hog Cookers BBQ Tent at the Championship BBQ Cook-off held February 9 and 10.  Individuals donating $600 or more can also receive an invitation for two to the Swine Auction Breakfast and Swine Auction on February 28. Cash contributions of any amount are gladly accepted. 
 Antitrust Division Won't Challenge Electricity Distribution Cooperative  WASHINGTON (BNA) -- A proposal by 17 rural Arkansas electric power distribution cooperatives that would allow them to market electric power to retail customers passes antitrust muster, according to a Jan. 10 business review letter by the Justice Department's Antitrust Division, which could find no lessening of competition in any electric power market. The distribution cooperatives are 17 nonprofit cooperative corporations formed under the Electric Cooperative Corporation Act of Arkansas to provide electric service predominantly to rural consumers. Each distribution cooperative is owned by the individual member/consumers that it serves and is legally obligated to distribute annually all its income to its member/customers. Due to the 1999 enactment of the Electric Consumer Choice Act, which mandates competition in the retail sale of electricity beginning as early as Jan. 1, 2002, the manner of selling and buying retail electricity within Arkansas will change greatly. Consumers now purchase electricity only from the regulated electric utility serving the territory in which the consumer is located. Under the Act, a consumer will be allowed to purchase electric energy from any entity in the competitive marketplace, and the consumer's incumbent utility will have to deliver that electricity to the consumer's door under regulated distribution charges. The new legislation's primary focus is the separation of the retail marketing activities--which will be completely competitive--from the electric utility's regulated transmission and distribution activities. To ensure that the utility's marketing operations do not benefit improperly from its relationship with the utility, the Act provides that employees engaged in the transmission and distribution system operations are required to function independently of employees engaged in the marketing or sale of electricity at retail. The act creates an obligation for each incumbent utility to offer a standard service package to any consumer who has not been willing or able to secure an alternative energy service provider. Distribution cooperatives, under the act, may serve these consumers, referred to as default consumers, directly or they may assign them to an affiliate. The rates for the standard service package will be a market rate, unless the incumbent utility chooses to offer a regulated rate approved by the Arkansas Public Service Commission. The proposal advanced by the distribution cooperatives would enable them to create a joint venture to market electric power to retail customers throughout Arkansas. All retail marketing activities outside the traditional local territories of the distribution cooperatives would be conducted through the joint marketing venture. If a distribution cooperative decides to withdraw from the joint venture, it may compete with the joint venture for any and all consumers. The proposal provides that each distribution cooperative would decide individually whether to serve its default customers directly or to assign its default customers to the joint venture. Each distribution cooperative has a relatively small amount of the electric power generating capacity in Arkansas, and the combined generating power capacity of the 17 distribution cooperatives is approximately 6 percent of the total generating capacity in the two areas of Arkansas in which the joint venture is likely to market. The joint venture is expected to achieve economies of scale that would give it significantly lower distribution costs in statewide or regional markets than would be attainable by individual members.  Procompetitive Effects  In the business review letter, Acting Assistant Attorney General A. Douglas Melamed indicated that the proposed joint retail marketing venture does not appear to have any anticompetitive effect. He commented that "while the distribution cooperatives could be viewed as potential entrants into each other's local retail markets, regional markets and a state-wide market, their small size and relatively high operating costs make it unlikely that they could enter new markets on their own or that, if they tried to enter, they would offer effective competition." Melamed added that "the existence of other, larger potential entrants into [the local retail markets] would significantly diminish, if not eliminate, any anticompetitive effect that might otherwise result from the joint venture proposal. It seems at least as likely, if not more so, that the joint retail marketing proposal would have the procompetitive effect of creating an additional entrant into retail markets not currently served by the distribution cooperatives." The business review letter is available at http://www.usdoj.gov/atr/--the Antitrust Division's Web site-- and a file containing the business review request and the division's response may be examined in the Antitrust Documents Group of the Antitrust Division, Suite 215, Liberty Place, 325 7th St., N.W., Department of Justice, Washington, DC 20004. 
 You raise a very interesting question on how EECC and ENA will interface in the future.  I understand that ENA now has a Technical Support Group (something like that), and some of the folks are EECC personnel who have transferred to ENA. I do not know their function or role.  As for the integration of EECC legal comments into a document, I would say that it would depend on the comment.  Essentially, the deals are ENA deals, not EECC deals, which means ENA has decision making responsibility.  Also, ENA is the project sponsor/owner (until sold), and NEPCO is usually the contractor.  The conflicts arise when NEPCO (usually not EECC on ENA deals) is asked to wrap certain contracts, so EECC or NEPCO takes a position as a contractor.  So it is difficult for EECC to act as the owner's engineer and the EPC contractor.  Another interface issue is that EECC contracts personnel do not typically involve the EECC lawyers in major equipment contracts until the end of the negotiation process.  Perhaps this has changed since I left, but that was how things worked when I was with EECC.  On the finance/deal lawyer front, my question is who deals with the lenders and their counsel once the financing vehicle is in place?  I'll let you know if I think of anything else.  I suspect Sheila will have some insight, also.  Kay 
 Hi.  Hope things are going well for you and your shadow.  I don't feel so good, so I'm seriously considering going home.  ckm 
 John,  I appreciated your help.  I'm glad we got to do a real deal, even if it was a strange one.  More to come!  I'll check on the sitter, but dinner on the 2nd sounds great.  Kay 
 I have a pretty cool portable play pen you can have if you want. 
 Heather,  Attached is the CA we discussed.  I changed the last paragraph to add the expiration of the exclusivity provision, as I think this is probably a bit easier to enforce.  Kay 
 Hi Chris,  Happy New Year.  Hope all is going well with you.  We miss you!  I heard a rumor that the UI deal had an asset management aspect to it.  The guys around here are kicking around some different asset management ideas, so I'm trying to get my hands on any docs which might give some insight into some  different approaches.  Do you have anything you can email me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Yes, please. 
 He also has white tennies. 
 I'll be in meetings in and out of the office until around noon.  I sure would like to get out of here by 600 tonight.  Wish me luck!  Thanks for putting the dogs out and taking Michael to school.  Sorry about the doggie accident.  It will take time.  I checked the kindergarten website, but it didn't have any info re Wear White Day.  I can pretty well figure out what he is supposed to wear (white), but I'm not sure why.  I believe the 19th is MLK's real birthday, if that has any significance.  That's not much info, I know...  Hope you have a good day.  ckm 
 I love these stories! 
 Enron has signed the docs, except for the revised escrow instructions, yet to be received.  Ben will be coming to  your offices at 900, so he can sign the instructions at that time.  I've pulled the financing documents from the stacks.  I hope to have a copies of the docs tomorrow, and if so, I'll have something to give Intergen.  See you tomorrow!  Kay 
 Gee, when's the Super Bowl?  That was nice of her.  My day is HECTIC, but what's new. I can't seem to get any traction on getting things done.  Michael wanted to go to Jilian's tonight, but I told him no.  ckm 
 Evidently we are experiencing some technical difficulty on this end.  The task should be finished shortly. 
 It needs to be sent to Lisa Bills, Roseann Engeldorf, and Ben Jacoby for approval.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Pete,  I intended for you to call me about Rigby's comments to discuss.  I don't know that ENA is willing to accept all of what he wants.  Please call to discuss implications of his comments.  Kay 
 For your review. 
 Please make the  requested change to the signature blocks on the following docs in my CA directory:  EXECUTIONCOPY Bill of Sale (CAED I)  EXECUTION COPY Assumption with GE ack (CAEDI)  EXECUTION COPY Bill of Sale (CAEDII)  EXECUTION COPY Assumption re ABB (CAEDII)  EXECUTION COPY Assumption with GE ack (CAEDII) (I think this is the correct name)  When this is completed, please email these agreements to Karl, copy to me and Kathleen Carnahan  Thanks,  Kay 
 Wow, Rebecca was reading my mind! 
 Just wanted to confirm that we are moving ahead for the Intergen closings.  Lisa, I spoke with Karl, and he has promised to let me know if there any hitches on their end.  His preliminary assessment was that everything was ok, but he wants to check.  Ben, Kathleen will be bringing the documents to you to initial this afternoon, then I will sign off so Janet can execute the documents.  Rebecca, please confirm that Carolyn has the final wiring instructions for the movement of money out of escrow.  I presume that we would like to close early enough to see money move tomorrow, since the payoff amounts have been calculated based on closing tomorrow.  I don't know what is required to make the payoff to TurboPark, so I hope someone knowledgeable is handling that end.  My trip was postponed, so I'm around.  Kay 
 Pete,  I suggest that Exhibit S state that GE has received all sums owing, without a reference to who paid it, since they will have been paid from multiple sources.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's the slide presentation from yesterday's meeting with the NE Power Team.  Kay 
 Good question.  I'll ask around. 
 Enron is entitled to an additional output guarantee when we have 6 or more units installed in a facility.  Peter missed the point, and I didn't catch it because I really didn't look at FV very closely at all.   Rigby caught it. He disagrees with how we massaged his original language for this additional guarantee, and I will try to figure out his point.  Kay 
 What is your preference when there is a  conflict between the interim agreement and the last draft (v23) of the ESMA.  (For instance, the definition of ancillary services.)  Shall I just ignore the ILA, or does it represent the customers' expectations?  Kay 
 Please add back in.  You might want to hunt down that fax and see what you think about the suggestions.  Kay 
 Pete,  I'm sending you a fax regarding some changes requested by NEPCO/EECC (our affiliate).  From what he has sent me, it does not seem that the Fountain Valley contract contains the optional guarantee that is in effect for plants comprised of 6 or more units.  It would seem to be applicable in this case. Was it deleted intentionally?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I have a conflict.  How about 300? 
 See attachment. 
 Pete,  I sent change order #4 to you and Paul on November 3rd, via email.  I will resend it if you can't find it.  Kay 
 I feel fairly confident that you received change orders 1-4.  If not, please advise.  One of those change orders changed the delivery dates for the LV Co Gen equipment. 
 Hi Ben,  I got an opinion from outside counsel.  I'll give it a look so we can discuss.  I'll move it up on the list.  Kay 
 Al,  If the transformer contract will be assigned later to a wholly owned sub of E-Next (aka the project company) it would seem that the Transfer Date should probably be redefined to reference an assignment to an unaffiliated company. Same thought on the GE override.  This is because the override will still be in effect if E-Next owns the equity in the assignee.  Kay 
 FYI.  Seems like this is something you should ok. 
 print job,  please.  How was your weekend?  I had a good one. 
 Hi.  My trip was postponed until next week.  There's a happy hour (official/formal) for my client groups.  It would probably be a good idea for me to stop by, but it isn't mandatory.   ckm 
 Please cancel the hotel.  I suspect the whole trip will cancel, but I don't want to give up the flights yet.  Kay  ps  THANKS!!! 
 GE posts an LOC in lieu of retainage. 
 Here's my stab at it:    I'll be in an off site the rest of the day.  I have no pride of authorship.  I'm unclear which entity will be signing the agreements, so I've left some []'s. 
 The Intergen LOC should be in CAED I and CAED II's names, issued after closing on the 18th.  The PSCO deal team should handle the PSCO LOC, which should be in the name of the PSCO project company, I think, after that deal closes this week.  Al Larsen and Sheila Tweed can address these.  Hope this helps.  Kay 
 I'm thinking that the 1st paragraph of the GE override letter needs massaging, since it refers to the master agreement.  I'll be glad to do it when I can, but I'm knee deep in the ABB agreement at this point.  Kay 
 Kathleen,  There were three original assignment and assumption agreements:  One of CAED I (GE) and two for CAED II (one for GE, one for ABB).  I only see two in my packet, and only two are referenced in the transmittal letter.  HELP!!!!!!!! This is obviously urgent.  Kay 
 713 803 0952 
 My trip may be back on for tomorrow.  I'll know more later.  I have a meeting from noon-500 this afternoon, at the Hyatt.  Today looks crazy.  Does Charlotte know how to pick up Michael, and about Rosco?  Love,  ckm 
 This is where I will be this afternoon.  Kay 
 Plse  have fax delivered home.  Today is the day.  I have been a mom for 21 years.  Can't be true.  Still on conference call.  Ben has been very nice. 
 David,  Is it possible for MDEA to purchase power from EPMI as an agent for the Cities?  This will obviate the need for any type of security.  Thanks,  Kay 
 yes, yes, and yes.  You're on a roll.... 
 Unless someone else volunteers, I guess I'll do the ABB override letter. I've mentioned it to Pete Thompson, but he is in our offices today, so he can't do it.  Rob Taylor did the initial draft of the GE version, but Rose finished it, with a bit of help from me.  It should be a fairly short letter.  ckm 
 Hi Elizabeth,  Congratulations on your promotion!!!!!  Kay 
 Congratulations on your promotion.  You deserve it!!!!  Kay 
 Please do what you can to find out what is going on. I know you forwarded these to Carolyn, but I would still appreciate it if you could investigate, or ask Carolyn to do so.  Kay 
 Ok, I'm out of it.  Where's she going? 
 Thanks for hanging in there and getting it done.  How come you didn't tell me that you didn't get Ben's initials?  I never expect to have to follow up with you to see if you did what we discussed.  I just always assume that you've taken care of it, unless you tell me otherwise.  I don't want to change my expectations.  Deal?  Kay 
 I ordered these for Christmas, and am totally aghast that these orders are just now being processed.  What is going on?  I am appalled that this wasn't handled weeks ago.  Kay Mann 713 973 6325 
 The agreements haven't been executed, so please revise.  Could you also set me up a stand alone release, so that I can replace the release GE submitted on some of the other turbines?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I think your suggestion about the effective date was quite logical, but it seems to me that it is more of a Sweetgum issue than ours.  Unless you think we have a problem, I'm ok with going along with George on this.  I presume the original LLC agreement  allows for either the Member to sign or an Officer of the LLC.  I also assume that Janet Dietrich is an officer of both CA's.  Therefore, I'm fine with your suggestion.  Kay 
 Have you talked to Karl yet?  Do you mind calling him?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Congrats!  I sent this on to the lawyer for Global Finance (TurboPark team), also, as part of SOP.  ckm 
 Fred and Rebecca should be talking to Accounting about this. Do you want me to respond to your email and copy them?  ckm 
 I agree.  Please revise the form accordingly.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Kathleen,  I left a stack of initialled docs on the appointed chair in my office.  If you will email me Janet's telephone number, I will call and leave a voice mail about you bringing her the docs to sign.  Thanks,  Kay 
 It doesn't need to be a VP.  It was a function previously performed by EECC contracts people.  Ben initialled on the Intergen form, and John Ayers (I think a develop engineer) initialled for ESA.  I'm off on a day of vacation this am (the Enron kind), so I picked up email early.  Kay 
 The practice has been for someone from Enron familiar with the project (not a lawyer) initials each of the pages for both contracts, inlcuding exhibits. So, we need to make arrangements for that to happen.  Each of GE and ABB do likewise.  So, who is the lucky person for your project?   Kay 
 I would think that the  LOC's for #s 2 and 3 should be for CA Energy Development I and CA Energy Development II, since we will close on those transfers next week.  ckm 
 Attached is the GE override letter to accompany the facility agreements.    I'm trying to figure out the ABB form.  Kay 
 Pete,  I have a question.  Is it necessary for the amount of consideration to be listed in the final lien form (exhibit R or S, something like that)?  If so, what amount goes in there?  Will this defeat what we are trying to do in keeping the original price a supposed mystery?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Bodie.  I like Bodie.  Here Bodie, you a goooood booy Bodie.  I'M NOT KIDDING!!!!  I'd go with Bubba, but that's what we call our cat. 
 I just sent my comments to you and Carolyn.  Kay 
 Herman blessed this letter, but I think it needs to pass through your hands also.  Kay 
 Carolyn,  On the insurance, I would prefer that we go with set insurance requirements, $10m in coverage (without aggregate), deductible no greater than $25,000 for which they are responsible.  We also need a Best rating of A-XIII or better. Also, we need a specific reference to the fact that the new member will be responsible for the insurance required in article 19.2 of the turbine contract.  The certificate of insurance should be a buyer deliverable at closing.  Would it be better to address our ability to put the member interest to them on or before [some date- maybe Dec 02], just to get it on the table?  Term- I'm thinking we may want to be indemnified for longer than 60 days after commercial ops, as a claim could be brought against us for something they did (and for which we should be indemnified) for longer than that, but we would be out of luck, except to the extent insurance took care of it. Maybe we should address reps/warranties separate from indemnities, with the indemnities lasting longer.  I'd make the confidentiality agreement last for 2  years in this deal.  I'd broaden 9 (xii) to include the acquisition of the equipment, not just the facility agreement.  14.  I would reformulate 14 to negotiate around the statement that the equipment is being acquired from ENA.  I would also eliminate "or any other third party" on the fifth line.  Defined terms:  "Commercial operations" isn't in the definitions of the turbine contract, although there may be a definition imbedded in their somewhere (an EECC specialty).  Please verify.  Do we intend to attach a form LLC agreement?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Viola! 
 I haven't seen the originals.  I can send you an email which has the name of the files, but I do need them printed so that the footer appears with the name as opposed to the temp file number.  Thanks!  Kay 
 Suz,  Please print four sets of originals of each of the documents you faxed this am (name in footers).  Thanks,  Kay 
 I think you can just include the electronc file and the appropriate person can print it off when they print the Word file with the rest of the contract.  I don't have any better idea than that.  Kay 
 Here's what I have on H-2.  Sorry Pete, I thought I had sent it to you previously.  Kay 
 I never get both of these email addresses right on the same email.  Kay 
 Attached are electronic versions of the final docs for the CA Development transactions. If there are no other comments we will get the Enron signatures.  How many originals are needed?  Noticed was faxed to the Admin Agent this am.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Kay 
 Hi there,  I'm attaching the final forms of the assignment/assumption agreements for GE's acknowledgement.  It is pretty close to what you saw last week.  It would be a big help if we could have these executed  by GE today or tomorrow.  A faxed signature would work, then we could have the originals picked up from Lee's office.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Neil left to go hunting this am, Paige leaves for school tomorrow, leaving me, Michael and our new puppy (mid life crisis dog) to our own devices.  I'm taking the day off tomorrow, and Monday is an Enron holiday, so I'm looking forward to some Kay time, working in the yard (weather permitting), watching Oprah, etc. 
 Tough question.  What happens if they don't pay their legal bills?  Won't they have difficulty closing?  We can pay their consulting fee up front. Maybe we can pay it into an escrow account.  What is our concern?  They don't have to use lawyers if they don't want to, and Shutts doesn't have to work for them if they are uncomfortable. Obviously, Shutts has the ability to quote an upfront retainer.  I'm sure they've thought of that all ready.  I guess I'm not clear on our level of involvement with their lawyers.  I believe my availability is good for Wednesday.  Kay 
 Sheila,  Here's the latest I have, but there may be another turn in the works.  I've asked Pete to send it to you, along with the GE.  I need to do an override letter to pick up the agency stuff as well.  I spoke with Lisa about that yesterday.  Kay 
 Hi Pete,  Please send a copy of the FV break out contracts to Sheila Tweed (Al works for her).  She needs the info this am, and doesn't want to wait until Al gets in.  She would also appreciate a list of the outstanding issues.  I'll talk to you in a bit on the ABB override letter.  I don't think there will be much to it.  Kay 
 Thanks.  Did you have a good one?  Michael was all "cracked up" over the card you sent!!  Kay 
 I had a HUGE lunch (Vincent's), so something  light sounds good.  We could do the usual appetizers at Grotto. 
 Sounds fine to me. 
 So do we have someone to watch the menagerie?  I can probably get out around 600.  I could probably leave sooner, but I wouldn't get anywhere any quicker!  ckm 
 I expect to be out of town Wednesday and Thursday of next week (don't worry, Ben can ALWAYS find me).  I would like to review the stuff before I leave town.  Could I come over Tuesday and give it a look?  Do you guys think we need or should give Intergen the assignment docs and the bills of sale?  Kay 
 I haven't talked to Ozzie today.  When I spoke with him last night, we were arranging to meet in NYC next Wednesday, and I told him we could celebrate there.  ckm 
 Al,  When I asked the question, I was told that the invoices needed to go to Jody.  If there's a desire for the invoices to go elsewhere, it will need to be addressed with Lisa Bills, with Roseann Engeldorf being consulted.   I do not know if the financing documents limit or otherwise specify the handling of invoices.  Hope this helps.  Kay 
 One. 
 Please locate Jody Pierce's fax number, and send it to Peter.  Thanks,  Kay 
 The closing dinner for the big financing will be on Feb. 8.  Just thought I'd keep you current!  Love,  Kay 
 Hi Lisa,  Sounds good to me.  We will be sending unsigned docs, with signature pages to be provided later?  Kay 
 It looks like things are moving forward on the Intergen/CA deal.  If we can verify the status of the wires we will want to give notice today.  Fred Mitro is working on this and will give you a call to up date the status.  I have not seen the final numbers to plug into the notices.  Is this information available?   Kay 
 Lisa,  GE is asking for fully executed copies of thedocuments they signed in connection with the TurboPark transaction.  If I can get copies I will be glad to make distribution.  Kay 
 Viola! 
 Hi Ben,  I've given it a quick look. Looks a lot different from when I last saw it.  I don't see a triggering event on the obligations in 2 a.  Was there another fix agreed to by all (maybe the "as required by law" language?)  Also, any idea why the service charge language was deleted in b?  Maybe it isn't a problem.  Also, do you have a copyy of the site plan approval?  Talk to you soon,  Kay 
 fyi 
 I'll hang it up.  Kay 
 I still plan to be out on Friday - guess I should use my discretionary holiday first.  I should be in NYC Wednesday  and Thursday.  I don't need you to do anything in that regard yet.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Sounds great.  I'm starving also. 
 Fred,  As we discussed, we need the physical addresses where the equipment in TurboPark is being stored.  As I understand it the equipment is in at least a couple of places, and we haven't advised the banks of that fact.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's the guts of the deal. 
 This is a new transaction, so you can put in your two cents worth early!  Kay 
 Here's how I would do it. =20  (llc and its permitted assignees hereinafter referred to as "Optionee"), a= nd=20 ____________________________________, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability,  This is consistent with option.  Revise like this and send out again to=20 Herman.  thanks ckm 
 I'll be forwarding multiple emails containing the Intergen documents. 
 I love Vincent's and it is close, so I say we go for it. 
 Here are the two bills of sale for  the Intergen transaction.  The only change to the form was the insertion of the date.  The CA II bill also reflects the sale of the transformer. 
 Opps.  Didn't mean to leave you out! 
 Attached are assignment and assumption agreements for CA I and CA II.    The only changes to the GE form were those changes suggested by Lisa, and a little clean up.  Kay 
 Well, you must be famous in the I bank bidness, as she claims to know you. 
 I haven't talked to anyone.  I've got 10 docs going out this am, but I'm almost finished. 
 She says you worked together at Chase. 
 I would like to have a chance to read it, which I haven't.  I still finishing up the Intergen docs.  The reason we were using a summary is that we don't know how GE is going to react, which might result in some changes to the contract.  In the case of the LM's we had already agreed with GE concerning the terms applicable to the equipment after assignment.  Kay 
 Sounds good, but if today isn't a good day, it is not a problem. 
 It is too big for Ben.  Maybe Dave Duran? 
 So long as the equipment is held by E-Next, Jody Pierce needs to get the invoices, although copies can be sent elsewhere.  Kay 
 I'm attaching the notices for CA I and CA II.  Please pay particular attention to CA II, since it is the first time it has been circulated. Obviously, we will need to insert the final purchase numbers.  Lisa, I set it up so ENA is consenting, which tracks the language in the DCMA.  Kay 
 Hi Lisa,  I'm back, and will finish up these docs this am.  The notice provision does not require that all the closing documents be completed as of the date of the notice, although I expect to have the package finished anyway, including the CA II documents.  We expect the escrow to be funded today, so as far as I know we will want to give notice today, although it might be later than the am, depending on when the escrow is funded.  Ben, Fred, are you ready for us to give notice?  Kay  PS.  Laurie Mahon says "hello". 
 Please create a duplicate set of documents in my CA Development folder, just changing the name to CA Energy Development II LLC.  I'll need both sets.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's a set of CA I revised docs.  If these are ok, we will get CA II lined up as well.    I'm on the road tomorrow, but should be back in the office on Wednesday am.  Kay 
 Is the notice the only change?  If so, it looks ok to me. 
 I will be travelling to Washington DC tomorrow (Tues) with Mark Bernstein. If we finish up tomorrow, I will travel back to Houston tomorrow night, and will be in the office on Wednesday.  I hope to take this Friday as a vacation day.  Kay 
 I don't understand the last sentence. 
 Will he be there tonight, or shall we go for tomorrow am?  Kay 
 The stuff is being delivered in accordance with the notice provision of the letter agreements, which means the  original goes to "President".  A copy is also being delivered to George, so he would be a good one to make distribution at Intergen.  Kay 
 I had Ozzie sign it, and it has been sent to Carolyn.  Kay 
 Looks to me like notice will be given Wednesday or Thursday.  The changes are being made to the CA I documents now.  Kay 
 You should have also received the original GE agreements and acknowledgement letters.  The transmittal letter has been signed and is being faxed to you and delivered.  Kay 
 I'll  be in DC tomorrow, although my schedule will be tight.  Hey, at least it is a local call!  Kay 
 Looks good.  I'm checking to see who will sign. Have you received the delivery yet? 
 Do you want to print, sign and fax, or shall I take to Janet or someone else to sign?  Kay 
 Please print on letterhead.  Kay 
 When I was at the site it said that it had sent a new password to me at kay.mann@enron.com.  Didn't get here.  I give up. 
 Carolyn,  These should be the correct blacklines to include in the transmittal with the GE facility agreements.  Ben/Fred,  Carolyn and I are coordinating the delivery of the facility agreements to Sweetgum.  Kay 
 Hi Elizabeth,  I've had a couple of originators approach me about working on asset management type deals, optimizing third parties' power assets and/or purchase/sale of commodities.  A little birdie told me that you worked on something somewhat similiar to that a while back, but the deal didn't go. When you have a minute I would appreciate hearing about what you did.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Suzanne,  I haven't seen a revised flight schedule from TAP.  Have they made the change yet?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Peter,  I can't recall if I've sent you this override letter before.  Essentially, it is a letter which is in effect for as long as the equipment is owned by E-Next Generation, but which ceases to be effective once the equipment is assigned to a third party.   We will need something along the same line for the ABB equipment.  If you can send me a redline of the final form of the ABB  facility agreement against the master, we can discuss how to proceed.  Thanks,  Kay 
 The DCMA states in 6.01 that notice can be given by the designee.  Karl thinks the notice must come from the DCM (ENA).  Does it matter? I don't mind ENA giving the notice in this case, but I wanted to see what the team thinks.  Kay 
 I don't remember seeing an agreement, which isn't to say that I haven't. 
 Looks like this needs to be cancelled.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I sneaked in 10 minutes of reading.  The book made me think that we shouldn't let Kaley growl about food.  I'll double check.  How's your day?  Kay 
 Schedule reflects amount due for cancellation on or before the stated dates? 
 I'll put it on your desk. 
 I can't believe we have a puppy.  Everything smells like puppy to me, even though I took a very long shower.  Michael and Pal had a nice visit this morning.  Pal is still whining a bit.  I brought one of our puppy books to the office, and I'll sneak a peak when I can.  I did read about the up at night stuff, and it says that so long as you don't let them get in bed with you, the whining should stop pretty quickly.  I hope the resting on the chest didn't mess it up, but boy, was I desperate.  He did great using the grass when we got up.  He definitely knows why we go outside.  Kaley picked on him a little, but she was at her food bowl.  I set up the little crate where she can't look in it, so he has an escape.  We should walk the perimeter to make sure there aren't any escape routes.  We probably need to protect the air conditioner wires until he is old enough to train to the electronic fence.  Thanks for taking the pig rat back.  Love,  ckm 
 This goes with the GE contract. 
 Here's the electronic file. 
 Fred,  Is the ABB transformer currently in existence (already delivered)?  Thanks,  Kay 
 How about 1100 am on Monday to discuss the NEXT deal?  It works for John et al.  Kay 
 I'm working like a dog, so it is going quickly... 
 Don't know yet.  I'll decide Monday.  It is hard to get a hotel, so Claude made me one in connection with Heather, who is there on other business. 
 The ABB and GE agreements for CAED were signed by ABB and GE.  There was a revision to the ABB agreement (deleting irrelevant data sheets) that Kathleen Carnahan will send to you.  Thanks for all your work on these.  We are definitely making progress.  Kay 
 My suggestions: 
 I've sent JRigby the execution versions of the break out contract and the override letter.  I've asked him to call me to discuss.  FYI: The turbine contract was originally drafted by Brian Barto, then Kathy Clark took over.  Scott Dieball (EECC Legal) was actively involved in the negotiations, as was I. In facct, it was the first deal I worked on after I transferred to ENA from EECC.  Kay 
 Please call to discuss. 
 Please call todiscuss. 
 No one is signing for CA Development today.  Ben or someone from the commercial team initials, not legal.  I just initial the signature. 
 yes 
 Please send a copy of the ABB facility agreement for CA II to Ben Jacoby and Kathleen Carnahan.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Use this one: 
 This will need to be signed by ABB today.  I would guess 3 originals.    Ben, I suggest we let Kathleen coordinate the assembly of the docs to be signed.  Kay 
 Please prepare for signature.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Kara,  I haven't written because I haven't figured out what we learned at the meeting.  We can discuss next week at our conference.  We are arranging to have Michael re-tested.  I think it is more of an issue of a difference between potential and performance.  Michael has been tested in the past, and tests as extraordinarily bright, but he has had some performance issues which don't match up.  At least that's how I understand it. He just has some disconnects which we are working to overcome, but I must admit to not understanding it all.  I left you a note about Michael possibly missing next week.  After I dropped him off this am, I had a thought that next week might be when they visit in 1st grade, in which case we probably wouldn't want him to miss that opportunity.  I think he is excited about 1st grade, so you must be doing a great job of getting the kids prepared.  Thanks for everything, and see you next week!  Kay 
 Sounds good.  Mike will be here in a bit to sign.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm trying to figure out how to have a birthday party in DC or NYC. 
 I can never get both of your email addresses right at the same time. 
 First flight out in the morning to National, I'll check on the return flight.  For now book me on the 500 out of National. 
 Lee,  You should be receiving a package shortly containing the following:  1. Changed pages for CA Energy Development I and CA Energy Development II facility agreements.  These are the same pages that were faxed to you and Kent a few days ago.  I also included a couple of original pages (73, 74, I think) which were missing from one of the originals.  This need to be initialled and executed. 2. Acknowledgement letters for each of CAED I and CAED II which need your Here's the form:  3. Assignment and assumption agreement to move the equipment from TurboPark to the CAED I.  There will be one for CAED II as well.  This document is being reviewed by the bank, so I'm not convinced it is in final form.  You will note that there is an acknowledgement section for GE.  I cut and pasted from the consent to assignment from the TurboPark documents, but shortened the whole thing considerably.  Here's that document:    4.  Signature pages (signed by Enron) from the ESA deal, both the facility agreement and the override letter.  Obviously, we need your signature.   I will forward the final CA facility agreements to you once again, along with the blacklines against what you initialled.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Who's the lucky counterparty? 
 She didn't leave me a voice mail. 
 never received a pass word. 
 I kinda hate to leave the premises since the sitter isn't sitting for us. However, it is supposed to be a beautiful evening, so we can have some adult time on the back patio.  I put a couple of steaks in the fridge.  Love,  ckm 
 Hi.  I'm at home, trying to waiting to visit GE's offices which are at 610 and 290.  Michael has been invited to have pizza with Stephen this evening.  Tommy and Julie are going out, and Stephen has a sitter (Sam won't be there), so he wanted to have a buddy over for pizza.  I told Julie that Michael's calendar is open for this evening.  Hope that is ok for you.  ckm 
 I'm at home this am, as I want to go by GE's offices this am to get some signatures.  Kay 
 Team Turbineb,  Number one priority is the amendment to the two letter agreements.  We are also trying to get the ABB and GE facility agreements finalized so they can be tendered to Intergen today.  Meanwhile, on the TurboPark front I am revising the relevant documents so the drafts can be sent to the banks today.  Once the assignment and assumption agreement form is approved, it will need to be signed by GE.  This doesn't have to be done today.  We are also trying to get both the GE and ABB acknowledgement letters signed today.  Carolyn, have the escrow agreements been fully executed?  Kay 
 We discussed this with Mike last night.  He is going to get the number for us, as it is buried in a data sheet somewhere.  Kay 
 I've contacted John Keffer and asked them to help.  I will initiate the approval process to get he and Carolyn retained.  Kay 
 John,  Enron owns two GE 7EA turbines, which may be sold in a structure similiar to the CA Development structure.  We would like to update the letter agreements to address this possibility, and would appreciate K & S's assistance in that regard.  The counterparties are not yet known, but I have heard Evista and Cayuga mentioned.  If this sounds good to you, I will initiate the approval process for your retention in this matter.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Sure.  The fix we want to make on the drug/alcohol policy is as follows:  instead of a reference to a specific numbered policy, the purchaser will provide ABB with a copy of their policy, and ABB will comply with it.  Kay 
 Perfect. 
 Sounds good to me.  We really need to get this amendment signed today.  Please do what you can to expedite.  Thanks,  Kay 
 You might check the letter agreement re escrow and see what it says.  ckm 
 We need to change the alcohol and drug stuff.  Please call me to discuss tomorrow morning - I'll be in after 900.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm trying to get off the phone with you know who.  I'd better meet you downstairs or wherever we are going. 
 Where are we with regard to the escrow agreements and the amendment to the letter agreements?  The latter is especially critical to Enron.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I need to go to DC next Tuesday.  I'll get with you tomorrow.  Kay 
 Yes, please. 
 Way cool. 
 Please email directly, copy to Ben, Fred and me.  Thanks.  I really appreciate all your good work, and will pass that along to David Runnels and Paul Pipitone soon.  Kay 
 Please print two copies, put one in a folder.  Thanks,  Kay 
 ok.  I'll go look at the questions again. 
 Yes, E-Next.  You might advise Jeff that we will probably need a substitute LOC post-assignment.  Kay 
 I'll check to see if he is here tomorrow.  You ought to visit Frank (yes, the TRADING lawyer), Ned, Dan and the rest.  It feels quite international around here.  Kay 
 I'm having trouble with Ben directing outside counsel.  I'm going to discuss it (politely), but I just want you to know what's up.  Kay 
 He's re-trading on the retainage.  Let's discuss.  Kay 
 Please send the docs to me only, and I will talk to Ben.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Ben,  What's up?  Kay 
 fyi 
 For your information and contemplation.  Kay 
 Hi Dale,  Just got  your email re assignment out of TurboPark.  Here are the draft documents being reviewed by the lender for the movement of equipment out of TurboPark.  Kay 
 Wouldn't it be nice to not have a fire drill at the end? At least we will be ready.  I'm can't wait to see what their lenders will come up with.  Ben's hoping it will fall through and he can sell these again, I think.  Kay 
 Lisa,  Thanks.  I forwarded Roger the docs separately, but thanks for the reminder. I am capable of forgetting!  Kay 
 Hi Jeffrey,  I'm not handling change orders for the individual projects.  I'm checking with Stuart (he's the COA deal  lawyer) to get a consensus on the best way to handle this.  Kay 
 FYI 
 The ABB breakout contract and the GE breakout contract are just about done. I'm not volunteering for change order duty.  Do you think this is a good Roger task? 
 Are we ready to sign these today?  How many originals do we need?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Even more current... 
 Hi Brett,  We haven't been able to locate it.  Could you resend?  Where should I send your set of docs?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Works for us. 
 Thanks.  Did I tell you that I spoke with GE about the assignment, and their initial response was very positive.  NorthWestern is predicting closing in July.  Kay 
 They still have to fund at the same time. 
 Hi there,  Thanks for taking my car in.  I admit I feel like men get treated better by car servicing people than women.  I'm not just saying that, either.  On the issue of Charlotte, is it your idea that she will take care of Tuesdays only while you are going to rodeo meetings?  I know in her email she had a preference for not doing the Sharon thing, and I do think we lost something when we (well, you) weren't communicating with Sharon or Amy in a regular basis.  I know it is easy for me to say since it is an inconvenience for you...  ckm 
 Rose,  Have you seen the signature pages?  We need the agreements and the override letter.  Kay 
 Looks like your stuff. 
 Brett wiggs tells me that he faxed me signature pages last week.  He is with Enron South America.  Did you see anything?  Kay 
 I won't do anything about this until you reach a consensus.  Kay 
 For your review. 
 This is a deal that will close soon.  Please print and put these in a file folder.  There will be other docs coming.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Per Lisa's request please find a revised notice:    Kay 
 Here's a conformed version: 
 Hi there,  I would like to have one email with electronic versions of the letter agreement, and all the attachments except the turbine contract.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Pete,  I'm getting comments that people are having trouble opening the ABB docs. Please send the docs directly to:  david.onunscheck@us.abb.com and michael.o. sandridge@us.abb.com, and fred.mitro@enron.com.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm checking. 
 Any interest in extending it to Jan 22? 
 For your review: 
 I'm proof reading now.  I need a sanity check.  Does the GE acknowledgement look goofy?  Maybe I should set it up in a separate letter.  I lifted the language from the consent.  ckm 
 It happens to all of us!  I still have a bizillion roses in my yard.  I love them, and I don't baby them.  I figure if they die, I replace them, since they aren't that expensive.  I would love to include my friend Carlos Sole from EECC for my birthday lunch.  Kay 
 Lisa,  The previous draft of the notice just mentioned the assignment and assumption agreement, so I went generic with closing docs.  Happy to list them individually, however.  I live off of lists.  Kay 
 I don't want to be the one that blows it, so I'm glad to keep you in the loop. 
 Sounds good.  I prefer to keep it kind of small, if that's ok with you.  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI (note the closing list).  Kay 
 When do you want to go?  The weather should be getting nice later this week, and I need to gush about the IAOC.  Kay 
 Hi Mark,  I thought I would forward this to you for your information, since Dave may be getting involved.  Kay 
 Sounds promising. 
 This could become interesting if it holds up.  Kay 
 fyi 
 It is amazing what I find if I check my email.  Disregard the request for escrow agreements!  Kay 
 Please print. 
 Opps.  We do have to pay for the account.  I was afraid we were going to send the big hunk of dough! 
 I prefer the weekend.  It gives us a reason to get in and get out.  ckm 
 Sorry about the serial emails.  I need electronic versions of the final acknowledgement letters for both ABB and GE, so that these can be emailed to them.  Please prepare a closing list.  Between this and the financing side, I'm chasing quite a few documents.  I hope to have the escrow agreement signed today, but I would really like to know we have the amendment finished.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please print all attachments and make a folder:  Tolling (Enron tolling).  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please email me the execution version of the escrow agreement.  Are we using one, two or three?  Thanks,  Kay 
 WHOA.  We are not wiring money, we are receiving money.  This should occur either Jan 12 or 15.  Minor detail.  Kay 
 Any response on the amendment to the letter agreements? 
 I think it is two separate documents, one for each purchaser (CAED I and CAED II).  ckm 
 Si. Oui.  Yep. 
 You know me.  I don't care one way or the other.  Is there a reason why you want to skip it?  We don't have to go to FW for the rodeo.  I just thought that would be fun to do, and my mom wants Michael to come so badly.  We can always just go for a visit.  In fact, Michael and I can go alone some time.  Like I said last night, you would make a great guide.  You'll be Michael's guide one of these days.  ckm 
 I went to Sheila's meeting.  Barbara and Jeff were there also.  Hmm.  Don't know about the faxed signature.  Feel free to call Carolyn Campbell at King & Spalding and ask. 713 276 7307. Find out about faxed signature, and whether tomorrow is too late.  We need the escrow account in place by FRIDAY.  Is Mike Miller in? Ozzie would be fine, I guess.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Lee,  The best way to go about it would be to send the invoice to Jody, but copy the Enron project folks you have been dealing with.  Are we ready to sign the Fountain Valley contract?  I would think that we could sign the change order at the same time, and payment terms can be whatever the Enron project team has bought in to.  The banks won't care.  Have you seen sig pages for ESA yet?  Kay 
 I need LJM.  Someone in Global Finance has offered to help with that.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 Absolutely.  Kay 
 I've been told by Global Finance that this is how TurboPark stuff gets invoiced.  I'm thinking it might help if copies are sent to project people. What do you think?  Kay 
 I haven't seen it come back.  I spoke with Lynn around Christmas, and he said the person who would sign was out of town, but was supposed to be back last week.  I'll be glad to follow up.   I was out last week and just haven't worked to that point on my "to do" list.  NEPCO and EECC have signed, by the way.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 Hi Roger,  We are going forward with the first deal to move stuff out of TurboPark.  I don't know if you want to see these types of documents, but what the heck, here it is!  Kay 
 Hi Brett,  I haven't seen the fax yet.  I'll check around.  Maybe it got stuck in the wrong pile.  Kay 
 Please do.  Give Lil a big ol hug for me.  I miss her!  Did you hear that Carlos is joining us?  I don't think he has told John S.= =20 yet.  Kay 
 Fred,  I forwarded you the notice prepared by Global Finance.  It requires essentially the same information.  Kay 
 E-Next Generation LLC Mr. Jody Pierce 1400 Smith, EB 2480 Houston, Tx 77002 
 Hi guys,  I'm faxing you some changed pages as requested for the CA Development deal. For some reason my email wouldn't go through.  I should have an answer to the invoice question tomorrow.  If all else fails you can send the invoices to Ben and we can process them here.  Kay 
 Looks good to me.  George left me a message looking for an update.  If you talk to him, would you let him know that I sent the invoicing language to GE, but my contact wasn't in the office.  I expect to hear from them soon.  Kay 
 Not a word. 
 Hi guys,  Here's a suggested revision to the invoicing language.  Lee, I've asked the question about the other invoices.  If we don't get an immediate answer, I think you can send the invoices to Ben, and we can process them here.  I'm always happy to volunteer Ben.  By the way, I haven't given Ben his signing party favor, as he hasn't been in Houston since we last met.  Kay 
 Hi there, and happy new year.  I have a stack of turbine contracts which were waiting for signature.  I believe the override letter needed signing as well.  Should I send the unsigned originals somewhere?  Thanks,  Kay 
 fyi.  I haven't checked yet. 
 KC,  Do you know if the books are done, or are the papers in a stack? I don't wa= nt=20 to make extra work.  Thanks,  Kay 
 They need to have their partner sign a confidentiality agreement, or at least we need to add language that they won't disclose it to them without having them sign a confidentiality agreement in substantially the same form as this one.  Kay 
 GE is asking for invoicing instructions for equipment currently in TP.  I don't recall that being addressed in the documents they signed, and  I didn't see an obvious answer in the documents I reviewed.  Any problem with Ben receiving the invoices for now, then he can process through GF, etc?  Thanks,  Kay 
 What would we have on the LLC's?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Matt,  Do CA Energy Development I and II have federal EIN's?  Thanks,  Kay  PS to all, my answers to other questions:  Carolyn has corp documents Not registered to do business in Texas 
 How depressing would it be to be at EECC? 
 fyi 
 A small change... 
 Hi again,  I'm looking for the language regarding invoicing which was requested last week.  I want to address it with GE today.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Thanks.  Suzanne just gave me the documents.  I like having the electronic versions as well.  I can't believe it feels so good to be back.  I must be crazy.  Kay 
 Please print and put in binder.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Good morning.  I didn't wake Paige up this am.  I told Michael he could wake her up when he wanted to, which I presume didn't take long.  It feels good to be back.  Last week really wasn't a very good week to take off, and I was really stressed. It helps knowing that I have a holiday in two weeks!  I'm glad, since Michael is off then as well.  Did you make friends with your venison (or was is pork)?  Love,  Kay 
 We've handled the notices on  a project specific basis.  Kay 
 Glad I gave you such a GLOWING review. 
 Happy New Year!  I'm available all day except 200-330.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Carolyn,  Please email me the execution version of the documents signed last week, as well as the current version of the other documents.  Were the originals put in the mail?  My assistant isn't here, so I can't tell what I have yet.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Carolyn,  Please forward all original documents to me.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Kathleen,  Let's discuss this sometime this am.  Kay 
 I don't have any language like that on hand.  I suspect it will be in great demand!  Have a great holiday,  Kay 
 Here's the draft of the facility agreement that ABB has had to review, along with a memo for AK about certain questions.  Kay 
 This is an exhibit to the CA agreements. 
 Carolyn,  I wasn't sure you had the last version.  This is the version agreed to by GE, which should be attached to the letter agreement.   I will email an exhibit which needs to be inserted. 
 The other deal I did with TECO  had the same inhouse lawyer.  He's just fine.  ckm 
 Hi George,  I'm looking for the GE acknowledgement letter which we need for this deal. Can you email it to me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please include pthompson@akllp.com and ccobb@akllp.com on the email with dial in instructions.  thanks,  Kay 
  Carlos,  Please email the document to me when it is done.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Kathleen,  I will initial and leave these in my office in a file folder with your name. Carlos has my proxy on the consent.  I'm also leaving you with a couple of original CA's for Fred.  He was going to email them to the other side for comment, so HANG ON to the pages I signed.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Pete,  We may have a conference call with ABB on Wednesday.  Would you or Chris be able to call in?  Thanks,  Kay  THANKS and Merry Christmas! 
 Great.  GE and Brett's rep (John Ayres) are initially the pages now.  If we can get the signature page right, we can get it over with!!!!!   YIPPEEE   YIPPPEEE YIPPEEE!!!!!! 
 I've volunteered Kathleen to help process the paper.  ckm 
 Ben is trying to set up a conference call with ABB for next Wednesday. Dale, are you available?  Pete Thompson is on vacation next week, but I suspect he would be glad to call in.  Kay 
 Sorry, but I don't know.  Probably in the next 3 hours.  Maybe Jeff will be around.  I have this feeling that I will be turning off the lights tonight.  Kay 
 Please take the form of the Cayuga confid agreement, and substitute this name.  This is CA day!  Kay 
 I'm working on a deal today where we are trying to get to definitive docs. It may require a DASH.  Mark tells me you two have his proxy, so I want to let you know that I may be searching  for you later.  Kay 
 I'm looking for the eggnog.  Skip the gummis, I'll take rum! 
 Lee Johnson is coming in today to sign off on the turbine contract.  Is ESA ready to go with this one?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Carlos,  Could you tell me which of the 4 documents to print, etc?  Unfortunately I have about 10 things getting signed today and I'm perplexed with what I need to do here and I  can't these to figure out.  Which one are you printing/signing?  Thanks,  Kay 
 don't want you to feel left out 
 Please print. 
 Geez. 
 They all have it now. I thought you would enjoy this one.  Did you hear about the protest in Enron's Chicago office.  40 ACORN members stormed in, demanding that Gregg Penman fax a letter to Ken Lay.  No kidding.  ckm 
 Per Carolyn's request. 
 Per Carolyn's request. 
 No one has said anything to me about closing next week.  Lee Johnson is on vacation next week also, so GE won't be around.  Kay 
 Please accept changes and print two execution copies.  Thanks.  Kay 
 I've had to do multiple CA's this week.  I MISS YOU!!! Hope you had a great holiday.  Kay 
 As you predicted. 
 EECC may have this.  Can you check with whoever your team is working with, or do you want a copy job of what was in the master agreement?  Kay 
 I asked Fred to check into what it would take to have Enron set up a third party escrow arrangement.  Kay 
 For your information/approval.  Kay 
 Mark,  How do you feel about their changes?  Note that we MUST mark everything confidential and they don't want to agree to the non-circumvent.  Kay 
 More fun for your file. 
 I know you were anxiously awaiting these documents.  Kay 
 no Ben 
 I had the call anyway with Mike and Steve.  We actually made progress in outlining the issues.  Mike should be generating an email.  We voted to take next week off. Hope that's ok.  Kay 
 Not really.  It was a format agreed to for all the LM's because the intent in most cases is to sell the project (and the equipment), and the terms in the override letter only apply when the equipment is in the financing structure.  Kay 
 I'll be in a meeting at Keffer's office for the foreseeable future.  I'll turn on my cell phone when I leave the office.  ckm 
 Jim,  We are meeting with them at 230 cst to see if we can reach final agreement.  Kay 
 Guess we need to make the final decision. 
 Placeholder. 
 How about notices going to CA Development, "care of" this contact.  CA doesn't have any employees. 
 otherwise known as CA Development I and CA Development II 
 I suggest taking out contact information and say that Purchaser will notify Seller in writing on or before January 15, 2001 as to the name/fax of the contact.  Kay 
 You won't get me to bet on this one. 
 Did they have anything later than 900? 
 fyi 
 Brett,  I think Friday is perfect.  I will confirm which is the final version, and send to you and John.  Kay 
 Hi Janet,  The attachment at the bottom is the LLC agreement.  Kay 
 I'm no oracle, but there would be no current balance sheet impact. 
 check out q and a #2 below. 
 The attachment at the bottom is the turbine letter.  Kay 
 First installment of finance comments. 
 I'm trying to clean up after Blue Girl.  Can you tell me again who signs for LJM so that I can get signature?  Who does their legal work?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Carlos,  Could you please get Dick to sign this?  Can he sign for NEPCO also?  Two original sigs is enough.  Thanks,  Kay 
 For the purposes of completing the facility agreement, we need the name/address of the contact person for invoices, etc.  Thanks,  kay 
 RE: Notice letter.  We sent out a notice letter to GE last Friday regarding closing of a financing.  Could you print me a hard copy so I can show you what changes need to be made?  We need to send out another letter this week.  Kay 
 I have a 130 closing at King & Spalding tomorrow.  I also have a 1015 meeting with Lisa Bills, her office.  thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Matt,  Here's the InterGen deal (formerly the Coral deal, now with new counterparty).  We plan to meet with them tomorrow to see if we can wrap up the agreements.  Any comments?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Per your request. 
 Can someone in your office (or the Houston office) put together the execution copies of this agreement?  We will need three originals.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's the first draft re the deal which needs structuring help:   Please let me know when you are available to meet on this.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Pete,  Please call me after you have reviewed this.  Kay 
 Gentlemen,  This is now back to being the CA Development I and II deal.  Please change the name.  Please send it to me and Lee Johnson tomorrow, if possible.  Kay 
 Here tis. 
 I don't believe Ben agreed to absolutely free transferablity on their part. To ponder. 
 Latest docs. 
 Boyd,  I would think that at the least we would want you to attend the hearing.  I also don't see any harm in you reviewing the data responses.  Kay 
 Can't hurt! 
 I presume you haven't heard anything or else you would have said something. I haven't heard a word... 
 Did Sheila want Scott to participate?  Looks like the call will be too late for him. 
 Hi John,  I took very poor notes from your phone call.  Did you want to see a form of LOI?  For what type of transaction?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Duke Energy, Environmentalists Strike Deal over California Plant Tom Knudson  May. 16, 2001 Knight Ridder Tribune Business News - KRTBN Copyright (C) 2001 KRTBN Knight Ridder Tribune Business News; Source: World Reporter (TM)  Days after state regulators gave Duke Energy the go-ahead to expand its Moss Landing Power Plant near Monterey Bay last fall, documents show four environmental groups made their own deal with the utility giant. The four signed an agreement not to "participate in any lawsuit (or) regulatory challenge" that might slow or stop the project in exchange for a financial concession: $1 million from Duke for environmental "monitoring and research."  Balancing power generation and environmental protection always has been difficult. But today, as power-starved California scrambles to find and permit new energy sources, some fear the Moss Landing agreement shows that money can sway even environmentalists -- and tip the scales too far in favor of economic development.  Environmentalists who signed the agreement, though, said that despite their concerns about the plant expansion, they had little chance of stopping it, especially after it was approved by the California Energy Commission and Central Coast Regional Water Quality Control Board.  So they took the potentially controversial step: entering into an agreement with Duke for financial resources to pay for studies of the plant's impact on the marine environment.  Other environmentalists, though, criticized that approach.  Duke Energy's efforts to modernize the Moss Landing Power Plant resulted in mitigation payments to environmental and other groups, including:  $7 million to the Elkhorn Slough Foundation to mitigate the plant's use of seawater.  $425,000 to the Monterey Bay Sanctuary Foundation over three years to monitor heated seawater discharge in the ocean.  $1 million to the Monterey Bay Sanctuary Foundation over five years to monitor water quality through a program sponsored by Save Our Shores, the Center for Marine Conservation, the Friends of the Sea Otter and the Otter Project.  $100,000 to the Marine Mammal Center to relocate its triage center for injured animals onto power plant property.  $3.4 million to the Moss Landing Chamber of Commerce over 20 years for infrastructure improvements in the Moss Landing community.  $100,000 to design and construct a boardwalk for additional beach access in Moss Landing.  $60,000 for an environmental assessment for a proposed Elkhorn Slough Circle Trail. If approved, Duke would provide an additional $250,000 endowment to maintain the trail.  "It is very disheartening," said Carolyn Nielson, a retired teacher who along with some other local residents is waging a battle against what they consider an environmentally harmful power plant cooling system.  "These environmental groups have the expertise, the biologists, the attorneys," said Nielson, who has taken her case to the State Water Resources Control Board. "We could have been much more successful with their help. But there wouldn't have been any financial reward in it for them."  Such criticisms are off-base, according to Warner Chabot, regional director for the Center for Marine Conservation, a national environmental group that was among those to sign the deal. He said environmentalists got the best deal possible in the current energy climate.  "Look at what's happening with power plant approvals in California right now," said Chabot, referring to the state's push to bring new energy sources on line.  The Moss Landing project -- which is scheduled to add 1,060 megawatts in 2002, enough to serve one million homes -- is a key part of that energy expansion plan.  No money will go to the four environmental groups -- the Center for Marine Conservation, along with Save Our Shores, Friends of the Sea Otter and the Otter Project. It will be routed, in five yearly installments of $200,000 each, to the Monterey Bay Sanctuary Foundation, a nonprofit organization that helps support sanctuary programs, including scientific research.  Chabot helped found the sanctuary foundation and sits on its board. He said the money will be used to monitor the health of Elkhorn Slough, a biologically rich estuary that borders the plant and is linked to Monterey Bay.  "Not a dime comes to the Center for Marine Conservation," he said. "Not a penny comes to me."  Duke representatives said the controversy about the arrangement has been stirred by a handful of people.  "It's a million dollars worth of water quality studies," said Duke spokesman Tom Williams. "Our whole effort wasn't to try to buy anybody off. It was designed to help increase people's comfort level where there wasn't a comfort level."  The $1 million agreement signed in November is part of a package of more than $12 million in Duke payments to civil, government and environmental groups in connection with the plant modernization.  The heftiest award -- $7 million to the Elkhorn Slough Foundation, a nonprofit environmental organization -- was negotiated by state agencies to "mitigate" environmental impacts of the plant.  Formed in 1982, the slough foundation exists to promote "the wise use and conservation of Elkhorn Slough and surrounding wetlands," its Web site says. However, some environmentalists say the state-approved mitigation plan is inadequate.  "If you want to say, 'Who did Duke roll with a big chunk of money?' I would say they rolled the California Energy Commission and the Regional Water Board for the price of mitigation," Chabot said. "The agencies got bought off cheap. And the environment got taken to the cleaners."  Duke's Williams strongly disagreed. Environmental mitigation "must be based on science, not on buying anybody off," he said. "That is inappropriate, and we would not participate in that.  "That suggestion is offensive to us. And it should be offensive to any environmentalist."  Bob Haussler, head of the Energy Commission's environmental protection office, said the mitigation plan is biologically sound. "We are confident it will improve the slough ecosystem," he said.  Madeline Clark, a local businesswoman and founder of Monterey Parkway -- a citizens group that scrutinizes local public works projects -- called the recipients of Duke's payments a "shopping list" of government agencies, environmental groups and civic organizations. She was particularly critical of the $1 million deal with environmental groups.  "You know what bothers me?" Clark said. "Environmental groups get tons of donations. Their purpose is to protect and defend the environment. If a big corporation like Duke can come in and buy them off, I have a real problem with that."  Construction began in November on Duke's project to add 1,060 megawatts of natural gas-fired electrical capacity to the Moss Landing plant, purchased from PG&E in 1998.  If the expansion is finished next year, as scheduled, it would account for more than 30 percent of all new generation in California in 2002.  "This is a big deal," said Williams, the Duke spokesman. "It will be the largest plant in California. If that plant is delayed a month or two, we lose the summer of 2002. And that affects not only Duke Energy, but the state of California."  Opponents say it's not the power they oppose, but the plant's cooling system, which will pump about 1.2 billion gallons of seawater each day from Moss Landing Harbor. Such pumping, they say, will degrade Elkhorn Slough. They argue for an alternative cooling system, such as towers that re-circulate water.  "Basically, what that plant will do is take 25 percent of the volume of the harbor and slough, run it through a pipe and dump it back into the ocean with much of the marine life cooked and dead," said Steve Shimek, executive director of the Otter Project.  For Shimek and other environmentalists, scientific studies commissioned by Duke during the permitting process left key questions unanswered about the plant's impact on the environment.  "There was no scientific evidence that would literally point to Duke causing harm to the environment," said Vicki Nichols, executive director of Save Our Shores. "We felt we didn't have strong standing to sue."  Instead, the environmentalists began negotiating with Duke for financial payments for studies of environmental impacts of the modernization project.  The process "gave me tremendous pause and great concern," Nichols said. "I knew there was going to be some perception that we were doing the wrong thing."  She was right.  "As far as I'm concerned, with the price-gouging going on by the energy wholesalers, they are just receiving stolen goods," said Clark, of the citizens group.  Her skepticism was sharpened by the recent disclosure that Duke Energy approached Gov. Gray Davis with a secret deal offering financial concessions if the state dropped lawsuits and investigations into the power generator.  Chabot, with the Center for Marine Conservation, discouraged any comparison between the two offers, calling it "grossly unfair and inaccurate."  Regardless of what was intended with the payments, Nielson said they stain the process. "It is so destructive in terms of making everyone cynical," she said.  Shimek took a different view. "We convinced Duke to spend $1 million toward monitoring that, frankly, five years from now could very well come back to haunt them," he said.  "Did we do the right thing? I have no idea. Did we try our best? Yes, we did." 
 So  true so true so true. 
 900 am this am.  For your info.  Crazy day. 
 FYI. 
 Sounds good to me. 
 The  name is in the draft agreements I forwarded.  Maybe Fred can find out from the commercial people where the main office  is located. 
 We are waiting to hear.  We have received documents from them, but no definitive word.  Kay 
 I suspect we will need a D & B on the Sweetgum entity being proposed by the new counterparty. 
 Please print attachments.  Thanks,  Kay 
 De nada. 
 thanks 
 The assignment and assumption document has been signed by ENA and is being hand-delivered to Rose Engeldorf.  Kay 
 I believe the amount should be calculated through the date of funding.  Will closing and funding take place tomorrow, or will funding be a day later?  Kay 
 I will initial and handle signature. 
 Please send out an email reminding folks of the GE conference call tomorrow.  Thanks,  Kay  Mike, Scott, Steve, Sheila, Rose, Ben, Kent, Lisa 
 Hi Heather,  Hope you got situated in your new, swanky spot.  Can't wait to see what you've done with it.  I'm attaching Paige's resume, since she is interested in a summer internship.  Any help you can give in directing it to the right person would be appreciated.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Rose,  FYI.  I wasn't sure you had this.  Kay 
 Thanks.  I rsvp'd.  ckm 
 Hey, they are making me crazy and I'm just reading your emails.  Kay 
 I know Ben wants us to substitute the one signed by the other guy.  I'll take care of it. 
 calendar, please 
 Planning on it.  Free food... 
 Thanks,  Kay 
 fyi 
 It is basically the same. 
 I'm in today. 
 I will be there! 
 Question:  Do we have a schedule of assets to be involved in the transaction?  I recall that Janelle had some stuff that wasn't on the list.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Michael is sick with some nasty virus.  I'm a bit afraid to commit until he starts looking better.  Poor kid had strep last week.  Maybe he'll perk up by Thursday, but the doctor says it is a 10 day ordeal. I bet you would just as soon not be exposed to it.  Kay 
 Dale tells me that he really needs ABB to get with it.  I sent an email (yet another) to ABB's lawyer asking for comments.  Kay 
 After 2 parties, I'm getting party burn out.  How bad is that?  Kay 
 Hi Dave,  I was wondering if you have had a chance to look over the draft facility agreement? We would like to make some progress on the form this week.  In fact, you may hear (or have heard) directly from Dale Rasmussen, who is an Enron lawyer supporting one of the projects at issue.  There are also some change order type changes which need to be captured in words and made a part of the individual facility agreements, or integrated as changes to these agreements.  Thanks for your assistance,  Kay 
 I've heard of some of the stuff.  These items should be dealt with in the facility agreements for the individual projects.  ABB has had a form  of this agreement to comment on for a while, but we haven't heard anything.  Hope this helps a little.  Kay 
 Looks ok to me. 
 This may sound like a silly question, but why?  Is this something Ben wants Matt doing?  1-4 are all the CO's I know about.  I'm out today, but we can discuss it tomorrow, and I can explain my point of view.  Kay 
 It won't hurt my feelings if you want to contact ABB's lawyer directly. His name is Dave Onuscheck, and his email is david.onuscheck@us.abb.com.  I'm home with a sick kid, and I don't have his telephone number with me.  Peter Thompson has worked on the form.  Do you have the draft with the memo of issues?  Kay 
 I haven't tried yet.  Things are ok.  Michael is mad because I won't let him open a present. 
 Lee,  If this will be a dual fuel unit, it seems we should at least have a place holder guarantee, even if the details aren't included.  Any problem with that approach?  Kay 
 I'm at home with a sick child today, but should be in the rest of the week. 
 Not exactly a "yes, we can close on Wednesday". 
 The attached is a letter agreement reflecting the resolution of certain issues with Westinhouse relating to the Gleason and Wheatland projects.  It also reflects that Enron isn't going to go after SWPC for a return of an option payment for the Blue Girl equipment.  SWPC has requested that everybody sign on the dotted line, including NEPCO, EEPC and my dog Jack. Please review and advise if there is any problem with you obtaining signature for your respective groups.  I'll handle the LJM and ENA signatures.  Please call if you have any questions.  Kay 
 Al,  Each project must have its own break out contract - that's the deal struck with GE and with the lenders.  There will be no change orders to the master contract relating to specific projects.  The break out contract must be entered into "as soon as practicable". This appproach has been taken with Austin, LV Co Gen, and ESA, and all of those contracts are just about finished.  Please call me if you have any questions.  Sheila also has a good understanding of the structure.  Kay 
 Is it foggy or raining?  I can't see anything out my window. 
 ok 
 Paige wrote me at 430 this am, and said that since she was still up at 430, she probably won't be home in time for Michael's parties.  Should I just leave him after gymnastics?  I don't really want to come back the office, but I do want to go to Anne's.  Hmmm.  If Paige is home by 500, everything might work. 
 Barbara/Jeff:  In the  TurboPark world there will be certain impacts on how power projects involving physical capacity are structured and implemented.  I know some (but not all) of it.  I can say that it is fairly easy to bust the structure and wind up with assets on the balance sheet, and that the commercial folks aren't always (or even usually) sensitive to the issues.  Maybe after the first of the year those group members who will be working on the power origination and development side could get briefed by the finance and accounting folks.  Kay 
 More:  We need internal agreement on the cancellation fee schedule, to be included as an exhibit.  What is the status of the Yazoo City master gas agreement?  Do we still want a master gas agreement for Clarksdale, also?  Do we want it now?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Things are getting better since TurboPark closed.... 
 You'll be delighted to know that the call has moved to 1000 your time, noon central.  Kay 
 fyi 
 Scott,  I'm handling outside counsel, and spoke with him this week.  I'm prepared to give legal advice on the issue. 
 How about a conference call at 1100 (Central) time?  Kay 
 Michael has some stuff at school today that I would like to attend.  I hope to leave here around 130.  Kay 
 Hi Carolyn,  In order to discourage Ben from continuing to direct outside counsel, please address as much correspondence as possible to me, or to me and him.  Ben is terrible (and shameless) about violating Enron policy in this regard, and I don't know that I can stop him, but I do need your assistance in curbing him as much as possible.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Peter, the distribution list on this is different from the ESA deal (each contract has a different list - isn't that special?)  I will forward it to the correct people.  Lee Johnson and Kent Shoemaker get copies on all of them from GE's side.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Who will/can sign the turbine contract for Enron?  Thanks,  Kay 
 My only warning is that working for Sheila is that she takes over most of the big stuff, even if it is your deal. Everything that she is working on now was one of her lawyers' deals, but "things just weren't getting done".  She can be very unclear in what she expects from you.  She is the ultimate micro-manager.  She may hire the outside counsel on "your" deal, then tell you about it later, not consulting you to find out who you want to use. This style may not bother you, as you may in fact get comfort from working closely with someone.  Clearly, she has a lot of experience to impart, and she is very, very nice.  I'm sure there will be a downside to working with Jeff and Barbara, I just haven't been in the group long enough to have an opinion.  Kay  PS.  I thought this time I would give you full disclosure... 
 Due to Rose being out of town, I thought I would respond to a question concerning giving notice to WestLB, and the preparation of the assignment and assumption agreement.  The giving of written notice to WestLB may result in the equipment being subject to the notice coming on the balance sheet.  If there is a subsequent problem in closing, the equipment is tainted.  I believe Enron has coordinated this with WestLB, so that the notice period can be shortened until there is a certainty of closing.  A&K has prepared the assignment and assumption agreements in the past, and I will go out on a limb and suggest that they conform their form for this transaction.  We will have a couple of changes in the GE consent and assignment agreement, based on changes requested by WestLB in connection with the TurboPark transaction.    I'll make the changes.  Hope this information is helpful.  Kay 
 No.  Why is Rebecca Walker telling Cheryl how to do this? 
 Please print. 
 Here's the latest... 
 Per Rose's instructions.  Kay 
 FYI:  The champagne is flowing in New York, as TurboPark closed moments after GE agreed to revise their consent to meet WestLB's last request.  Kay 
 Next week is Twas the Night Before Christmas. 
 Looks like 230 today is good for all three of us re: option issues.  We will meet in Herman's office on 33.  Kay 
 NRG Thermal and Millenium Energy are the parties.  More specific names to come. 
 I forgot about the happy hour.  Where is it?  I think that carpool could be pretty hectic, and since you and I haven't picked him up we don't know the drill.  Picking him up an  hour later might be a lot easier, and it doesn't bother him.  Are you going to any of tomorrow's activities?  Kay 
    Pompano refuses $10,000 `gift' from Texas firm that wants power-plant OK  By LISA J. HURIASH Sun-Sentinel?????? Web-posted: 11:43 p.m. Dec. 7, 2000  ???POMPANO BEACH -- The city has returned a $10,000 check to a powerful Texas-based company that wants to build a controversial power plant here. ???Enron North America, one of the world's largest energy conglomerates, has proposed a 510-megawatt plant for a 30-acre site south of Sample Road and east of Florida's Turnpike. ???Company officials hand-delivered the check last Friday, requesting that the money be used for cultural arts programs. The city manager returned it on Tuesday. ???"While your donation is believed to be a genuine and unrelated corporate support of the community, the timing of your donation has the potential of creating a false impression and perception of its intent and purpose," City Manager C. William Hargett Jr. wrote in a letter to Steve Krimsky, director of Enron. ???"Therefore, I am returning your check." ???The company is planning to pitch its development project to the city's Planning and Zoning Board later this month. Eventually the issue will come before the City Commission. ???The company hopes to start construction in April and begin operating the plant on May 1, 2002. It would be the fifth power plant in Broward County, and the third largest. ???City officials applauded returning the check to Enron. ???"I think their intentions were very questionable," said Commissioner Kay McGinn. "The city did the honorable thing in returning the check." ???"We have been talking about cultural arts. But did they do it for something in return?" asked Mayor Bill Griffin. "The best thing we did was to return the check." ???There wasn't anything improper about the gift, said Eric Thode, spokesman for Enron. ???"The city has a right to its opinion. I would say Enron nationwide has been recognized for its philanthropic activities. We want to be a good corporate citizen and support the community. These are not political contributions. Supporting cultural activities, children's activities, these are things we have typically supported in various areas where we do business," he said. ???When the company built a plant in Illinois, for example, it also built a playground in that city, Thode said. ???Two cities near the Pompano site, Margate and Coconut Creek, have expressed concern about the plant and air-quality regulators, worry it would rely too heavily on diesel fuel. Diesel fuel releases nitrogen oxide, a leading cause of smog, which can worsen asthma, bronchitis and other breathing problems. ???The plant would burn diesel fuel up to 1,500 hours a year, according to its permit application to the state Department of Environmental Protection. ???Hargett said in his letter that he hopes when the plant controversy is over, and the timing is better, Enron will come through financially. ???"Hopefully, Enron will continue its support of the community and consider a future donation following completion of the various matters pending before the city," he wrote in his letter to Krimsky. ???Thode noted that the check was not written to the city. ???"We would not cut a check directly to a city government," he said. "Our budget has standards." ???The check was made payable to the non-profit Pompano Beach Cultural Arts Foundation, which raises money for city-sponsored cultural programs. The five city commissioners, who will vote on the power plant, act as the foundation's directors. ???Enron officials met with Coconut Creek City Manager John Kelly and his staff Thursday to discuss their concerns about the plant's impact. Because of the area's wind conditions, the gases from the plant's 80-foot stacks would blow in the general direction of Margate, Coconut Creek, Coral Springs and Parkland. ???Kelly said it was a "good exchange of information" and he expects future meetings. ???"They're trying to be the good neighbor and get into the community," Kelly said, referring to the returned check. "It probably came off the wrong way." ???He added that he was relieved Pompano Beach returned the money. ???"It gives us all a comfort level we're going to deal with it objectively," he said. "Checks don't make the air better." ???Lisa J. Huriash can be reached at lhuriash@sun-sentinel.com or 954-356-4557. ??? ??? ?????                               Pick a city and shop: Broward East  Fort Lauderdale  Lauderdale-by-the-Sea  Oakland Park  Wilton Manors  Broward Northeast  Deerfield Beach  Lighthouse Point  Pompano Beach  Broward Northwest  Coconut Creek  Coral Springs  Margate  North Lauderdale  Parkland  Tamarac  Broward Southeast  Dania Beach  Hallandale  Hollywood  Pembroke Park  Broward Southwest  Cooper City  Davie  Miramar  Pembroke Pines  Weston  Broward West  Lauderdale Lakes  Lauderhill  Plantation  Sunrise  Palm Central  Boynton Beach  Greenacres  Lake Worth  Palm South  Boca Raton  Delray Beach  Reference Map 
 Congratulations.  Bet labor was easier with your daughter. 
 Didn't know if you saw this...    Pompano refuses $10,000 `gift' from Texas firm that wants power-plant OK  By LISA J. HURIASH Sun-Sentinel?????? Web-posted: 11:43 p.m. Dec. 7, 2000  ???POMPANO BEACH -- The city has returned a $10,000 check to a powerful Texas-based company that wants to build a controversial power plant here. ???Enron North America, one of the world's largest energy conglomerates, has proposed a 510-megawatt plant for a 30-acre site south of Sample Road and east of Florida's Turnpike. ???Company officials hand-delivered the check last Friday, requesting that the money be used for cultural arts programs. The city manager returned it on Tuesday. ???"While your donation is believed to be a genuine and unrelated corporate support of the community, the timing of your donation has the potential of creating a false impression and perception of its intent and purpose," City Manager C. William Hargett Jr. wrote in a letter to Steve Krimsky, director of Enron. ???"Therefore, I am returning your check." ???The company is planning to pitch its development project to the city's Planning and Zoning Board later this month. Eventually the issue will come before the City Commission. ???The company hopes to start construction in April and begin operating the plant on May 1, 2002. It would be the fifth power plant in Broward County, and the third largest. ???City officials applauded returning the check to Enron. ???"I think their intentions were very questionable," said Commissioner Kay McGinn. "The city did the honorable thing in returning the check." ???"We have been talking about cultural arts. But did they do it for something in return?" asked Mayor Bill Griffin. "The best thing we did was to return the check." ???There wasn't anything improper about the gift, said Eric Thode, spokesman for Enron. ???"The city has a right to its opinion. I would say Enron nationwide has been recognized for its philanthropic activities. We want to be a good corporate citizen and support the community. These are not political contributions. Supporting cultural activities, children's activities, these are things we have typically supported in various areas where we do business," he said. ???When the company built a plant in Illinois, for example, it also built a playground in that city, Thode said. ???Two cities near the Pompano site, Margate and Coconut Creek, have expressed concern about the plant and air-quality regulators, worry it would rely too heavily on diesel fuel. Diesel fuel releases nitrogen oxide, a leading cause of smog, which can worsen asthma, bronchitis and other breathing problems. ???The plant would burn diesel fuel up to 1,500 hours a year, according to its permit application to the state Department of Environmental Protection. ???Hargett said in his letter that he hopes when the plant controversy is over, and the timing is better, Enron will come through financially. ???"Hopefully, Enron will continue its support of the community and consider a future donation following completion of the various matters pending before the city," he wrote in his letter to Krimsky. ???Thode noted that the check was not written to the city. ???"We would not cut a check directly to a city government," he said. "Our budget has standards." ???The check was made payable to the non-profit Pompano Beach Cultural Arts Foundation, which raises money for city-sponsored cultural programs. The five city commissioners, who will vote on the power plant, act as the foundation's directors. ???Enron officials met with Coconut Creek City Manager John Kelly and his staff Thursday to discuss their concerns about the plant's impact. Because of the area's wind conditions, the gases from the plant's 80-foot stacks would blow in the general direction of Margate, Coconut Creek, Coral Springs and Parkland. ???Kelly said it was a "good exchange of information" and he expects future meetings. ???"They're trying to be the good neighbor and get into the community," Kelly said, referring to the returned check. "It probably came off the wrong way." ???He added that he was relieved Pompano Beach returned the money. ???"It gives us all a comfort level we're going to deal with it objectively," he said. "Checks don't make the air better." ???Lisa J. Huriash can be reached at lhuriash@sun-sentinel.com or 954-356-4557. ??? ??? ????? 
 I've redlined the document against the previous version, but I don't think I picked up all the changes.  In addition to the marked changes, there are these changes:  D.  third line, added "Original" before LM6000.  This change is made throughout the document. D. pentultimate line, replaced EECC with ENA. Dated everything December 15; added "with respect to the Subject LM6000 Turbines after "Original Turbine Contract" throughout E.  Added "and" between rights obligations in (iii) 2 (c) Added the Pastoria One-Train Turbine Contract in (ii) and (iii).    Kay 
 fyi  No action required. 
 Oh my gosh that is so sweet!  You caught me by surprise! 
 This  letter is the last  part of the contract: 
 2 of 2 
 Correct.  If all we were doing was buying the property, you wouldn't have the timing restriction.  You lose one layer of optionality. 
 Hi Greg,  The agreement isn't  attached.  (I do that ALL the time.)  ckm 
 1 of 2 
 Dick,  I'll forward you the copy of the contract on a separate email.  I do not know if there are any additional insurance requirements specified by the lenders.  Kay 
 How's Hop-a-long? 
 Hi Dave,  I received a signed change order from Randy Milcer (not sure about that) yesterday.  The form he signed indicates that ABB will be paying Enron, and has one small mistake in the amount of payments made on the cancelled transformers ($400 off).  With your permission I will substitute the correct version so ABB gets the money.  Thanks,  Kay 
 This is the language in front of GE. I am optimistic that they will agree to this language.  Kay 
 It would probably be easier if Paige picked him up at the CC, don't you think?  Kay 
 I need the  phone number for Tom Heatherington (sp?) at Bracewell in Houston. Someone should have a directory.  Kay 
 This language is different that what GE was told was requested before.  I am more comfortable going back to GE with what was requested previously.  Kay 
 Didn't really deal with her. 
 If you look under my kmann directory you will find a doc called westinghouseproposal to resolve issues on Enron Dec13 SWPC.  Please print 4 originals on ENA letterhead.  Thanks,  Kay 
 At Mark Bernstein's request I am forwarding a confidentiality agreement for your review.  If it meets with your approval, please sign and fax back to me at 713-646-3491.  If you have any questions, please feel free to give me a call at 713 345 7566.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Good, I didn't want to ask Ed.  He's very busy.    So which curse word did you use? 
 Can you get me a draft by Friday am?  Thanks,  Kay 
 OK. 
 But I want you to be in the same group as me so we can work together again!  ckm 
 The end is in sight!  The break out contracts for the TurboPark LM's need to be finished up (not news to anyone).  Each of these agreements will be between GE and E-Next Generation LLC (DevCo) and GE, unless the project company is already owned by DevCo.  I suggest that each agreement reference be the same as the original, with an adder which makes it clear which project it belongs to (LVCG, FV, CISO1 and CISO2, for example).  Al, your contract needs to be fixed up.  Please contact Pete Thompson at AK in DC to get it rolling, if you haven't all ready. 212 662 2780  Pete, the CA Development agreements should now be in the name of E-Next Generation LLC.  For indentification purposes we can call the contracts CISO1 and CISO2.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Very minor crisis.  A penny for your thoughts...  Kay 
 These documents do not go to a third party purchaser.  For instance, they do not get the change orders or correspondence relating ot all of  the turbines.  What needs to be pulled together are the technical documents, and any project type correspondence relating to the units being sold.  Kay 
 Hi Sheila,  Did you ever come across the retention letter for PMRW reflecting a fee discount?  Who would have that?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Don't know the answers. We need to visit with Herman Manis to get his buy-in on an approach.  I have a call in to him on another transaction, so I'll ask.  Are you in Houston today?  ckm 
 Yes, whichever. 
 Yes. 
 I had a really big lunch, even cake, so now eating out of the fridge (if at all) sounds ok.  I got a really nice bottle of white wine from Andrews & Kurth.  I put it by the window to cool off.  I've worked with three trial lawyers from K & S, and they are really good. However, K & S represents American Express.  Keffer tells me that you used a guy at Bracewell that you liked, and that this person has now started their own firm.  John drew a blank on the name, but will call me back with the name and number.  Enron also likes Gibbs & Bruin, a litigation boutique in Houston. I believe the main contact's name is Robin Gibbs, but that is also the name of one of the Bee Gee's, so I could be wrong.  Can you check the internet and see?  If not, I will look in a minute.  Love,  Kay 
 I need to finish up an agreement and have it sent to a man by the name of John "Steinbow". Please call him and get the correct spelling of his name, his address and his fax number.  If he (or his assistant) needs an explanation, I need the info to complete an agreement requested by Mark Bernstein.  (Mark doesn't have the info, but doesn't want John to know he doesn't have it, so please don't call Mark to ask.)  Steinbow's number is 914 697 2418.  Thanks!  Kay 
 FYI. 
 Good morning!  I'm soliciting commitments for those wanting to go to the Nutcracker this year.  I was thinking of trying to get tickets to a daytime performance.  Any interest?  The Sugar Plum Fairy 
 Hi there,  Just a note to say hello.  Hello.  Nit Noi sounds good to me tonight, if we don't eat out of the fridge.  I'm having a craving for ethnic food.  Love,  Kay 
    Enron's Lay: "Categorically" Not Taking Job In Cabinet=20   Updated: Wednesday, December 13, 2000 11:43 AM?ET=20  ?Email this article to a friend!=20 ?Printer-friendly version=20 ?     NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--Enron Corp's (ENE, news, msgs) current chief executiv= e=20 and chairman, Kenneth Lay, said Wednesday that he categorically won't be=20 taking a job in a new presidential administration.=20 Lay, a strong supporter of Texas Gov. George W. Bush, has been rumored to b= e=20 a potential candidate for a cabinet position in the event of a Bush=20 administration. Those rumors were further fueled Wednesday when Enron=20 announced that Lay would be stepping down as chief executive of the company= =20 effective Feb. 12, though the company said Lay would remain chairman of the= =20 board.=20        ?Stock Insight        ?Symbol Last Change        ?ENE 76.87 -0.31?             ?Index        ?Dow Jones 10842.22 +73.95?        ?NASDAQ 2897.79 -33.98?           ?         ?More Analysis =01=07? See Analyst Ratings=20 =01=07? Compare Growth Trends=20 =01=07? Get One-Click Scorecard=20  ?     ?  "I have no plans to go to Washington, and no plans to leave Houston or Enro= n.=20 I can say categorically that I won't be taking a job in a Bush cabinet," La= y=20 said in an interview.=20 Lay also put to rest rumors that the company has made enormous unexpected= =20 profits this quarter trading natural gas in the western U.S.=20 "We've done well there, but it's been a good quarter for us in all our area= s=20 across the country. We are happy with the 35-cents estimate for the quarter= =20 that Wall Street has at the current time," Lay said.=20 Some gas traders have said that Enron has been the biggest beneficiary of t= he=20 sharp rise in gas prices in the West the past three months. Spot prices for= =20 natural gas in California peaked at $67 per million British Thermal Units= =20 Monday, about 20 times the spot price a year ago.=20 Jeffrey K. Skilling, currently Enron's president and chief operating office= r,=20 will replace Lay as chief executive and retain his current titles.=20 -By Mark Golden, Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-4604; mark.golden@dowjones.co= m=20 
 Can you say $100 stock price? 
 Way cool.  I'd let Reagan follow up.  ckm 
 Good.  I'm ready to get at least one thing off the "to do" list.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 We are getting the Enron treatment from Coral.  I hope Carolyn told you I called yesterday - Coral was looking for Shell approval.  I'm guessing it is in a coma.  I usually have 30 voice mails, and I have had 4 today, which tells you something.  Good  time for Michael to be sick!  Carlos has interviews today and tomorrow with ENA.  I think he is looking good for Mexico.  You guys are the absolutely best qualified for that business, and I'll start planting that seed when I can.  By the way, thanks for the great job on Coral.  Did you hear from Rose on the HSR on TurboPark?  We do want Astros tickets for next year - at least 15 games.  Are more available?  I heard that Hampton had an issue with Patty Biggio (thank goodness, these salaries are absurd), and I guess I'm glad to see Ausmus come back.  However, he is not a substitute for a pitcher.  And how is Shane?  Ciao,  Kay 
 I'm home today (Michael has strep again), but I will check email and you can call me at home.  This is a good start!  Bear with AR, and call me about Barbara.  Sheila knows all she needs to know.  ckm   ps YIPPPEEE!!!! 
 Dave Onuscheck left me a voice mail message that Frank had not yet reviewed the change order. Dave predicted it would be tomorrow am.  That's getting close., but if it is done by then we probably won't be subjected to bodily harm.  Kay 
 I used to work at EECC, so I know that noone controls that group!  There is a place in the agreement for a contract number.  I think we ought to use the same contract number as before, but add a distinguishing number or letter- like FV or LVCG.  How does that sound?  Kay 
 Have I received a fax from ABB? 
 I haven't heard anything so far, although I need to check my voice mail again.  Kay 
 In fairness to Pete, we have him working on ALL the GE and ABB break out agreements at once.  I'm going to be reviewing the ESA agreement, which is priority one because of financing requirements.  This will be my final review of the "form" break out contract.  We have not had a tax, insurance, accounting or finance review of the form for ENA, and with TurborPark closing this week it may be difficult to have completed within the next 24 hours.  However, I don't expect any big issues, since it is so close to the original form. That being said, from the EPC contractor's standpoint, it is so close to being done that there shouldn't be any big issues.  Just thought I'd mention all the pieces which are still coming together.  Kay  PS.  Dale, does the LV Co Gen project involve a lease (a/k/a Enron getting off take)?  h 
 Okey dokey. 
 Ta da.  I thought this seemed like a good way to handle it.  ckm 
 Lisa is a real hoot. Smart, tough as nails.  She pulls no punches.  Michael seems to feel better, but he has terrible circle under this eyes. I'm going to insist that the doctor give him 3 rounds of antibiotics.  Being a boy, it isn't so bad.  I just  know that the strep is hiding in his sinuses, so a week after he gets off the antibiotics he gets sick again.  He slept until 800 today, and hour and a half later than usual.  I think that must be his body healing.  He is so excited that 6 flakes of snow might fall tonight.  Paige wrote me today, said she is freezing (she's north of Austin).  Kay 
 It is my understanding tha twelve LM 6000 turbines will go into E Next.  The ESA and City of Austin LM's are the only ones not making the trip.  Kay 
 The original GE West LB agreement, please.  I suggest that you contact Lee Johnson via email, copying his lawyer Kent Shoemaker, asking for a proposed form of liquid fuel guarantee.  Kay 
 Hi Dave,  I wanted to check in to see how we are coming with the change order.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Suzanne,  On my desk (on the window side) you will find a bound volume of a contract for 24 turbine generator sets (between GE and a bank with a long name). Could you please fed ex it to Peter Thompson at A&K in DC.  Peter, could you please give Suzanne the information of where to send it.  Pete, this will give you a full set of exhibits, since you don't have everything.  Suz, you don't have to make a copy, as I believe that copy to be an extra. If we need a copy Pete can send us a copy later.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I wasn't clear if the new B-1 is supposed to supplement or replace the old B-1.  It is up to you as to which specifications you think are pertinent. That gets a bit more technical than what I'm capable of judging.  You might want to give the old stuff the once over to make sure there isn't anything which in a worse case scenario you might miss having in there.  Kay 
 I like that idea.  Do we know what the guarantee is supposed to look like?  I don't have the agreement with me (see below).  At last word the Coral deal was sidelined.  More to come.  I'm at home with a sick child today.  When you have a redlined version of the ESA stuff (redlined against the master), please email it to my assistant, Suzanne Adams, so she can print it and have it delivered to my house.  If it is being printed by AK in Houston, please have it delivered to my house at 29 Inverness Parkway, Houston, 77055.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Suz,  Please print the exhibits and fax to me it home.  I thought you might enjoy this one.  Kay 
 This shows the additional amount related to the Fountain Valley change order, formerly known as Change Order #6.  Hope this helps.  Kay 
 Unless the first option expires (and the original premium is expensed), you add the original payment to the renewal premium to determine the percentage. If we can't beat the percentage game, we can have the land on the balance sheet and that won't put the entire project on it.  Don't ask me to splain that, because I can't.  If the land is going to be on the balance sheet, you would think that it would be better to have $1.3 on than $4.2.  However, one thing I don't know (haven't asked) is what the environmental restrictions are with our financing vehicle.  I don't know if the land has to be clean before it can go into the vehicle.  I can ask.  If it is required to be clean, then you may be back to the $4.2 anyway.  Kay  PS.  Feel like Alice in Wonderland  yet? 
 I thought we weren't going to have an exhibit U anyway, since we are plugging things into the text of the document.  I think the real point of the question is the reference to the liquid fuel guarantees, and where these will be reflected.  Kay 
 I changed the 2nd paragraph so that ABB is receiving money, not paying it. 
 Hi Dave,  I revised the change order to segregate the signature page.    Thanks,  Kay 
 Ben decided to send the exhibits to Coral, so that's where this question came from.  Will we have an exhibit U?  I know we owe you some answers from your email of the 6th.  Kay 
 We have deleted Exhibit U from the break out contracts. In other words, the version they received has been superceded. I'll have to see what I can figure out about where the old reference came from. 
 If all else fails we will just make copies from the other agreement. 
 I didn't think about the champagne.  Nice touch.  I like Wick Fowler's - really easy, very tasty.  I just may have to have some.  I don't mind a few days of cold weather.  It kills the fleas and the skeeters. 
 I plan to be there. 
 Hi Sheila,  I'm not up on this part of the deal.  ckm 
 I'm thinking this is a good one to ignore. 
 Hi.  Did the CA get signed and sent, and did it come back?  Thanks,  Kay 
 It was a compliment! 
 The ground should be warm enough to keep anything from sticking.  We got a half a cord of wood this weekend, and chili fixin's.  YUM. 
 fyi 
 You are difficult to keep up with! 
 Michael is sick, so he's at home, and taking him to the doctor.  More strep. My baby had 103 temperature last night.  He was so pathetic.  I will probably stay home tomorrow.  Kay 
 You are in charge of your own destiny.  Kay 
 Lee (and others),  Exhibit B is the EECC spec, right? I do not know if I have an electronic version.  If locating it is a problem, we can copy what we have unless there is some reason to handle it otherwise.  Exhibit H-2 is the S & S training program dated 2/3/00.  Lee/Mike, do you have more copies of that document that we can attach?  Kay 
 fyi 
 Gentlemen,  Since we are moving the equipment from WestLB and into TurboPark, and since we are just about there with the breakout contracts, we need to process this as change order #1 to the Fountain Valley contract.  I also believe we need the site specific stuff for this project.  Kay 
 Guess Neil better start moving the plants, too. 
 Gentlemen,  I've been told that the parties have agreed to extend the letter agreement until June 15, and that we will have a signed long term document by then.  David,  I would think I simple letter agreement should work.  I can get it working from here.  I'm working on what was the most recent form that I had re the long term deal, which should address some of David's issues.  I'm not sure yet when I'll have it done, but it has moved up the list of priorities.  Talk to you soon, I'm sure.  Kay 
 Any comments? 
 Look what just came in. 
 Ben,  It would seem to me that the retained amount on each transformer would be based on the total purchase price, including the option payments.  Any reason to assume otherwise?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Viola. 
 The latest, greatest... 
 Please print. 
 I circulated today's drafts to Finance, Tax, and Accounting, but have not yet heard back from them.  I'll have to confirm when Enron will be ready to go forward.  Kay 
 Hi Ben,  Have you talked to Janet about you being a director in the LLC's?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Team,  I do not know if we have a full and complete set of documents, and if so, how long it will take to get these documents copied.  Ben, can you address that issue?  I don't want to assume that this is a slam dunk, as this is the kind of thing you can trip up on, especially since they are on a tight construction schedule.  I'm not sure I understand his second comment.  Kay 
 $2.8 million. 
 One project co is good enough.  ckm 
 There is one completed unit going into TurboPark.  The address is listed below.  Kay 
 I would line up CA next.  Let me look over what Lee sent then I'll call (or you can call when you get free).  How was the game?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Dave,  Here's the change order we would like to process today.    Thanks,  Kay 
 Resending since you didn't get it earlier. 
 please print 
 I know how to get LJM's signature.    Enron North America Corp. 
 This is really weird.  I do not know why I can't find your email with your comments (I really think I saw them), unless it blew itself up (or operator error on my part).  I will look for a hard copy.  Kay 
 He asked me for the comments. 
 Re:  ESA.  Getting close. 
 I've skimmed it.  I see that the option expires August 9th.  Are we planning to renew it?  If so maybe we can renew early and fix what we can to preserve some optionality (no pun intended) and cover the fee issue.  Might take too long to address the immediate issue.  I don't see anyway we can get around the balance sheet issue unless we let the option expire and then reoption, but in that case the option payment would have to be smaller (acct says an option of 5% creates a problem as it would be considered a down payment).  Just fyi.  Kathleen, was the option recorded, or just a memo of option, or neither?  I'm just wondering what is public info.  Herman is out of the office today, but I can discuss the fee issue to get his vote.  More to come...  ckm 
 I hope so, too. 
 Mitch,  The language in the draft I sent out yesterday reflects our agreement during the conference call.  They requested something along the lines of what is in the email you forwarded, but I believe they accepted the following language:  SWPC agrees that the Gleason and Wheatland contracts and associated warranties may be assigned to limited liability companies owned in whole or in part by an Enron entity pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Gleason and Wheatland contracts, and that Enron will not be required to maintain an equity position in either of these companies.  SWPC further acknowledges that the assignment of the contracts and the transfer of equity will not impact any warranties or other provisions of the assigned contracts.   How does this sound?  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 Here's a good place to start.  I'm including a memo from Andrews & Kurth, our outside counsel who drafted the form.  Thanks,  Kay 
 David,  I believe you sent me some comments to the Fuel Cell equipment purchase contract.  I now cannot locate those comments.  Could you resend them?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Janette,  I'm available.  Kay 
 I'm thinking GE said "no". 
 29 Inverness Parkway, Houston, 77055 
 Sounds good. 
 Will do. 
 Attached is the proposed change order with ABB.  See you at 900am tomorrow (Monday) in my office.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I think asking David the question is a good idea.  Kay 
 I'm working.  Not a choice, a necessity.  Good night to grill...  ckm 
 Stinebaugh? Steinbaugh? 
 I forwarded the email to GE and received no comment back.  Kay 
 FYI.  Most recent versions.  Matt, sorry I missed you call.  Roger, does signing the letter agreement cause any balance sheet problems? We anticipate closing a few days later.  Kay 
 ENA should sign them tomorrow. (I assume you are referring to the TurboPark set?) 
 Michael and I had a great time at the zoo.  It was great to not watch the clock.  Thanks,  Kay 
 We expect to have a change order executed by ABB on Monday (Tuesday at the latest) whereby we agree to pay all but the retainage amount, and they acknowledge that we can assign it to WHOEVER, including the agent (right?).  Ben and I discussed the fact that the Coral turbines will be moved into TurboPark.  I believe we will want to assign the turbines to an Enron LLC the following week. FYI, we have a conference call tomorrow to finish the binding agreement to see them the turbines.  If it would work to keep them in WestLB, that's great. However, I want to do whatever creates the least amount of stress for you two.  I'll manage Coral and Ben.  Please advise.  Ciao,  Kay  PS.  Just in case you don't know, your efforts are very appreciated.  Not just by me! 
 We would like to have the conference call at 200 CST on Sunday.  Any problems?  If not, can you get the word out?  My number at home is 713 973 6325.  Kay 
 A reminder:  900am Monday, my office.  3882  We need the spread sheet on the transformer payments, please.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Could you email me the option agreement? 
 I was going to suggest that we inbed some wiggle in the specifications, but no big deal.  Kay 
 I left Dave Onuscheck a voice mail about the issues, and asked him to give me a call. 
 There are 13 LM's resident at 16415 Jacinto Port Blvd. Houston Texas.  I'm working on the transformers.  Kay 
 George,  I agree with your suggestion, and will make the request to GE.  Kay 
 I need:  the current total contract amount and the payoff amount. 
 While we were on the phone I sent GE an email about the issue.  Kay 
 Ben, are you available at 9am on Monday re ABB?  Thanks  Kay 
 I'm expecting John Schroeder from GE between 2-230.  I really need to see him, so please watch for my phone so it doesn't go into voice mail.  Thanks,  Kay 
 At the risk of making you crazy, I've come up with a suggested rework of the term sheet, as I was having horrible problems with formatting when I was doing revisions.  Now all I have to do is fill in the blanks.    I'm ready when you are.  ckm 
 There may be a possible bust in 17.4..  Specifically please look at how the math works on the refund due to termination.  I think that the baseline should be the maximum liability amount, or whatever the proper term might be.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Is the procedure for taking something out of TurboPark about the same as WestLB?  Kay 
 OK with you guys for me to add this? 
 You may have told me the answer to this already, but is there a spreadsheet for the transformers similar to what we have for the turbines?  Thanks,  Kay  PS  Herman and I are swapping voice mails about scheduling something today.  Kay 
 Please send it on. 
 YIKES. 
 Thanks.  I'm on my way to see Lee and John Schroeder, so you can reach me by my cell if you need to.  Have fun at your daughter's school. How much fun is that!  Kay 
 Please include these names on the distribution pthompson@akllp.com and ccobb@akllp.com  Thanks! 
 Hi Rebecca,  Is email from around 400 yesterday the final version of the payment schedule for the LM's?  I need to get the facility agreements organized, and that information is obviously important.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm out of the office until around 1000 cst, but I'll call.  In the meanwhile, please have the draft revised to reflect this payment arrangement.  This stuff is going fast and furious, and an executed ESA contract will be required for ESA closing their financing on the 13th.  That's why it is first in line.  We will need to start on a facility agreement for a project known as the Fountain Valley project (aka PSCO).  Also, I'm going to try to get ABB focused on doing their facility agreements.  I've asked the commercial team to prepare an update spread sheet for the turbines to confirm the payment terms.  I hope to have it this am.  What is your direct line?  Kay 
 Today I'm going my GE's offices, so I'll be in late.  If the deals I'm working on permit (3 are supposed to close next week), I would like to take as much time as possible off the week of and after Christmas.  I won't take off all that time.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Good morning!  I was wondering if Michael has settled down, or if he is having troubles attending.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Ben,  I got  a call from Mike, and he gave me his lawyer's telephone number.  He is very interested in the change order, of couse.  Do I have the pay off number?  What would be a good time to talk about the ABB payment allocation with Herman?  I really want to put that issue to be, because I don't know if we can't put the stuff into TurboPark if we haven't taken care of it.  I'm getting GE consent to put the Coral turbines into TurboPark, if necessary. That doesn't mean we have to, but I don't want to take any chances.  How would you feel about not having the 1000 call and just having the noon call? That would give me time to talk to ABB, and we would be able to get the LLC agreement back to Coral.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I left around midnight last night.  Not too bad if you don't have to do it often.  I need to deal with ABB today.  Hope you are sleeping!  Kay 
 I'm about done.  How about you? 
 Ok, eagle eye, here's the override for your one train deal. 
 Ok sports fans, here's a Blue Dog (who named this one?) override letter. 
 Here's the TurboPark consent.  Please call me if you  have any comments, as I want to send it out tonight.  Sheila, I've spoken with Lee Johnson and John Schroeder, and they are lined up to sign at 900 tomorrow.  Thanks,  Kay    PS this is consent to send 12 to TurboPark. This gives us room if the Coral deal doesn't happen in time. 
 I just cannot express how wonderful this sounds.  Kay 
 Big whoop. 
 The good news is they agreed to the current form of the acknowledgement letter, and will send us a letter stating they will sign the letter as is when we close on the facility agreement.  I should have that tomorrow.  You win a little, you lose a little.  Kay 
 I was waiting but he did not bring it up.  Probably saving it. 
 Hi guys,  We can't sell the acceleration of the put to GE.  Although off the record they will agree to it, for internal reasons they don't want to go on record with it.  I'll catch up later.  Kay 
 Rose/Cheryl,  Your call.  Kay 
 This is going to be a late night, but if all goes well, it may be my last really late one (plus a little weekend work).  We made some progress on some important stuff.  Thanks,  Kay 
 The first facility agreement which needs to be finished is the ESA Facility Agreement.  Peter and/or Chris, could you please send/re-send the most recent version with a email stating any open issues, copying everyone on this email.  We need to get this one ready to sign tomorrow, if at all possible.  My understanding of the commercial deal is that the scope should include change order #3, with 75% of the value of change order #3 payable on or before Dec. 27, 2000, and 25% of change order #3 being added to the January, 2000 payment.  Kent/Lee, sorry I didn't mention this in our phone call this afternoon. That's what happens when I'm not working from my list.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Any info? 
 I believe the payment schedule on the spread sheet previously given to AK is correct.  If there is a conflict, change order 4 takes precedence as to the timing of the payments.  At least 10% has been paid on these turbines, so I don't understand the 5% question.  Rebecca Walker is preparing an updated payment schedule for all the break out contracts.  Kay 
 Please call me about this when you can. 
 Please tell Mike that I'm on a conference call, but can step out if he wants to come up.  Obviously, I'm in my office.  Please call him and tell him. 
 Please call Sheila and let her know we've made some progress with GE.  Please see if there is time she wants to talk prior to 300 CST.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Steve Swift and Jeff Darst, although Jeff is off the call now. 
 I forwarded your email 
 At the time I asked you to set it up I did not not the Joe Defner and Mike J Miller would be attending. 
 Please see if you can get a conference room for the 300 call.  If there isn't one here, try 28 or 29.  Thanks, Kay 
 This is so nice.  She is one of the lawyers at ENA.  I feel very flattered that she invited me.  Surely it isn't Amway! 
 I saw you didn't get these. 
 Thanks.  You guys are doing great. 
 I'm not that wild about the pan sausage.  Hamburger/italian/smoked are good.  Kay 
 I'm on the phone with GE.  Their initial response to the assignment stuff is positive.  They want a letter which sets out the ownership of the LLC and what we are doing on payment.  I've been working on TECO term sheet, but I'm not sure I'll be done by 300, depending on this call.  Kay 
 Can we meet on this today?  We need to reach resolution on some issues.  Kay 
 Hi Scott,  I'm tied up in a call and I don't know when I'll be out.  Hopefully, things will lighten up soon.  Kay 
 That's a lot of money for music.  I wonder how they picked that as opposed to something else?  I'm betting on a Taylor Symphony Hall - that's building money.  ckm 
 Who is the labor lawyer that you guys use, and do they do plaintiff's work? I've had a couple of people ask me for referrals, and I don't know what to tell them.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi,  I'm back.  I'll give you the short version.  I spoke with John, and he tells me he sent Mark and Vicky a  note saying that you  had paid your debt to society and are free to explore other options.  Pretty good stuff.  I want to hear what M. Cash said, and who else you are meeting with.  Maybe I can lay some ground work.  Kay 
 I have to confess to having Illinois counsel involved. Kay 
 Your thoughts?  Kay 
 Let's discuss in person.  Maybe we should ask Nancy her opinion as well.  Kay 
 Is this the same thing we were working on?  Kay 
 How much is it and should this be the final amount?  One thought I have is that maybe we can retool the option agreement so that we pay them a flat fee, which is enough to cover the expenditures.  Don't know if this works, but it is one thought.  What do you think?  Kay 
 Call me when you can.  Kay 
 Hi Al,  My suggestion is that you capture the change order with change order #1 for PSCO's break out contract.  If it needs to be paid before year end (which it probably does) you can put a payment date of December 20th, and it will be paid out of TurboPark.  This approach has been discussed with Lee Johnson at GE, and he is fine with it.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Sorry, but due to three closings next week I can't be sure I won't be working this Saturday.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 Neil,  You have my proxy.  Please let Anthony know what you think.  Thanks,  Kay  Anthony,  Venison would be tough to swallow without teeth.  Kay 
 What a great addition to my day.  I'm getting close to being finished with the year end crises (I hope I hope I hope), and I'm looking forward to fuelcelling again.  Thanks for being patient.  See you tomorrow.  Kay 
 Ta da 
 Hi Mark,  I need to addressee's name.  Is NPC here?  Thanks,  Kay 
 There are discussions ongoing today.  Karen Jones and Sheila are working it, and I haven't seen a recent draft.  It should be ready by Friday.  Kay 
 Hi.  You probably thought that I feel off the end of the world.  Please take a look at this and give me a call.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Question for the team:  If it appears that we may have land which may not be able to stay off balance sheet, is it preferable to have the land held by a different LLC than the project LLC, with a lease to the E-Next/OBS compliant project co?  If that is the case, what about the possibility of burdening the land with some low dollar hard costs?  I don't have anything in particular in mind, it is more of a theoretical question.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Mike,  I haven't heard anything from Dave.  Could I call him directly?  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI. 
 Doesn't it feel good to delegate? 
 FYI.  Can you make a call tomorrow at 100?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please set up a GE conference call tomorrow at 300, and send an email inviting the the following:  Lisa Bills Roseann Engeldorf Mike Barnas Steve Swift Kent Shoemaker Ben jacoby Lee johnson Sheila  Thanks,  Kay 
 You go girl. 
 I'm a strong believer in the team approach.  None of us are as smart as all of us.  Just left you a message - I'll turn back to finishing the letter before I leave.  Kay 
 Sounds good to me.  I don't see why the buyer would need the redacted information, other than curiosity.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Put the land on the balance sheet is a forgiveable sin.  Incurring any other type of  hard costs puts the entire project (whatever that may be) on the balance sheet.  Kay 
 I wouldn't use  an LLC with an prior history.  We might have to get the old stuff approved in order to put the equity into TurboPark.  If the LLC paid for an interconnect study, it could be a hard cost and we are dead.  I know this seems silly, but hey, it is!  ckm 
 Not unreasonably withholding consent and agreeing to the assignment are a bit different in my mind.    Enron North America Corp. 
 yes please 
 Opps. Sorry about the confusion.  We are selling the equity in CA to Coral, so I call it by that name.  I'm looking for a list of what you need as referencedin the last line of this email.  Hope that helps,  Kay 
 A taste of exhibits... 
 Chris,  What information is needed for the exhibits to the Coral agreement?  I don't remember. 
 Feed the dogs and kiss Michael. 
 FYI. 
 Here's what we sent them. 
 Nicely done.  Let it fly. 
 You might want to check the payment terms.  Remember this is only for one unit. 
 Thanks once again.  I really appreciate your responsiveness.  In a recent email you mentioned that you had a couple more  changes to the ESA agreement, then we would be good to go.  Can I get that by the end of the day?  Many thanks!  Kay 
 2.  I believe SWPC further agreed that the assignment to the LLCs (and the subsequent transfer of equity) will not affect the terms of the contracts, including the warranties.     Enron North America Corp. 
 Thanks Peter.  I'm actually looking for the Master Agreement, not the initial facility agreement.  I know that Paul (or someone) had converted the original master agreement from WordPerfect to Word.  I thought it would be handy to have the file.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm going I'm going  I'm going 
 Yipppee!!!!  Tonight will be LATE.  It is a real rollercoaster.  Love,  Kay 
 Mike hasn't sent the new assignment language. To my knowledge we had not discussed including it in this set of agreements, so he may have put it aside to work on the consent issues.  Kay 
 Hi there.  Could you send me the Word final of the master GE contract which was the basis for the subsequent facility agreements?  I don't have it in Word- just WordPerfect.  Thanks,  Kay 
 This has sound.  It is totally hilarious. 
 fyi 
 Please send out a reminder of the GE conference call to the following:  Sheila Rose Lisa Scott Mike Barnas Kent shoemaker steve swift Ben jacoby  We don't need a conference room this week.  Thanks,  kay 
 I've taken a stab at revising the consent agreement to reflect the following changes:  Adding a material adverse effect clause - Lisa/Rose, I paraphrased on this. Making the consent effective the later or signing or financing.  I have ZERO pride in authorship.  This is based on ESA, but I would think would apply to TP as well.  I think we should get this to GE no later than 1000 am tomorrow if at all possible.    Kay 
 I'll try to be home by 800 tonight so I can see my baby boy (and his hot daddy).  High class hamburger sounds great.  Love,  Kay 
 This is all I've received on this today. 
 I haven't read this yet. 
 Greg,  You can call me on whatever you have, including Midway, SDEC and Medley Dunn.  If I have a problem getting to something, I'll find help.  Kay 
 The dates are the 26th-28th, so we would be back on the 29th. 
 Well I say book all three nights if the cancellation policy is ok, and let's go for it.  Jack to the doggie spa, Michael with Paige. 
 Seems like a good guess to start with. 
 Am I begging too much?  Can you mail her package tomorrow?  I meant to ask today, but I got home so late I didn't get things together.  I put one of Michael's airplane pictures in there.  If all else fails we can take Michael to Fort Worth.  My mom would love to watch him as she wants him to be exposed to Fort Worth culture.  (a better grade of  bean dip).  I'm very excited!!!!  Love,  Kay 
 Hello.  I would like to receive a brochure and room rates for 2001.  I visited your website and it looks wonderful.  Please send the info to Kay Mann, 29 Inverness Park Way, Houston, TX, 77055.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I know who can sign for EEPC and NEPCO.  I tried looking up LJM2-Turbine and haven't located it.  I'll try to track it down.  I previously sent the letter to the lawyers I believed to be responsible for the entities, so they have some background.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 The security desk downstairs may know who he checked in to see. 
 fyi 
 Team,  Will ESAT still be the signatory to the contract as agent for the Brazilian Power Development Trust, or will the contract be directly between the Trust and GE?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Still working it.  Kay 
 Here's what went out this evening:    Kay 
 The word is that giving the notice could put the equipment on the balance sheet.  If the Coral deal didn't close, the equipment would be tainted. Therefore, the giving of the notice needs to occur after we feel certain that the Coral transaction will close.  The assignment and assumption agreement have been reviewed by Rob Taylor, and he thinks the agreement is fine.  Kay 
 I really like this one. 
 How could resist being part of the Light Brigade? 
 Coral wants some comfort from GE.  This is their proposal.  Kay 
 Please calendar.  Kay 
 Absolutely.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 I know a couple of their lawyers from a prior transaction (Doug Turner and their GC, whose name I've now forgotten).  Don't know who they will have on this one.  I'm off to the Astros, but would like to visit with you tomorrow, if you will be around.  Thanks,  Kay 
 It needs to also go through Lisa Bills and Ben Jacoby.  It really doesn't matter to me who handles GE signature.  I'd like to get a copy just to stay current.  Plus, it impacts the break out contract (payment schedule and scope).  Kay 
 Frank worked every Saturday when I was at HMRP. 
 fyi 
 Hi there,  No news here for me, but I thought you might enjoy looking at the second chart.  Hope you have PowerPoint so you can open this!  Kay 
 Please give this a look and see what you think. 
 fyi 
 fyi 
 does this look ok? 
 The sailing might be fun, and the price is right. =09  =09 =09  =09 =09  =09 =09The Main Bed & Breakfast Inn=20 =09 =09General Information=20 Welcome to The Main Bed and Breakfast Inn, located in Palacios on the sceni= c=20 Texas Gulf Coast. Nick and Kathy Nichols are the innkeepers, and your hosts= =20 for enjoying the sights of Tres Palacios and Matagorda Bays. The Inn is a= =20 German Gothic-style stone house, built in 1917. From it=01,s spacious front= =20 porch to the sun room at the rear of the house, particular attention has be= en=20 given to preserve the character and authenticity of the structure. Gracious= =20 archways join the foyer, living and dining rooms, polished hardwood floors= =20 run throughout the main floor, and attractive, comfortable furnishings=20 complete the scene. The modern conveniences include central air conditionin= g=20 and televisions in each room. Six accommodations are available to guests: t= wo=20 rooms in the main house, each with private baths and private entrances. One= =20 is appointed with the innkeepers memorabilia of their home in Colorado, the= =20 other with momento=01,s from their life at sea. Two bungalows are available= ,=20 separate from the main house. These have accommodations for families,=20 including a full kitchen and tiled shower. Each bungalow is air conditioned= =20 and has a television. A one-bedroom apartment with a spacious living room a= nd=20 full kitchen, can accomodate family groups of four. The last accommodation= =20 available is our sailboat, Papillon, which is described below. Whether you= =01,re=20 looking for a place to relax (try our pecan tree-canopied back yard) or pla= y=20 (the beach, seawall and fishing piers make for a good time), The Main Bed &= =20 Breakfast Inn will make your stay in Palacios a memorable one. Come see us!= =20 =09 =09Room Rates (USD American Dollars)=20 =09  =09 =09All Occupancy Rates are subject to change=20 =09State and Local taxes may apply=20 =09Types of Accommodations: 2 rooms, 2 bungalows=20 =09There are 4 guest accommodations (4 with private bathrooms)=20 =09The rate for double occupancy is between $60.00 and $65.00=20 =09Other Types of Accommodations: Sailboat. The fifth room available to gue= sts=20 is abourd the Nichol's sailing yacht, Papillon, berthed at a marina just=20 blocks from the Inn. This 37-foot vessel has v-berth, head, full galley and= =20 saloon atractively arranged within its 12-foot beam. A night aboard Papillo= n=20 includes a delicious gourmet breakfast. Day or night sails on Matagorda Bay= =20 or the Gulf of Mexico are also available, with Captain Nick at the helm. Th= e=20 rate for this special accommodation is $9 5=20 =09 =09 =09 =09 =09 
 Hi John,  I believe Ben Jacoby has mentioned our deal with NorthWestern.  In connection with that transaction, we have prepared the attached assignment and consent, which is patterned after the Pastoria form. We would like to get it wrapped up in the next two weeks, if possible.  Please let Ben or me know if you have any questions. 
 I will be happy to review change order #5, and present to GE for their review and approval.  First, it needs to be prepared by someone involved with the project, and Finance needs to be notified that additional funding will be required, if they don't know already.  As I mentioned in my email, there needs to be a definitive decision made as to whether the change order should be funded out of WestLB (prior to December 15) or will be funded through TurboPark.  I faxed change order #2 to Al so that he has the form.  If this will be funded through WestLB, the current contract value is $352,289,400.  Here is the electronic form:    Kay 
 Chris,  We won't have any site specific technical info, so we will  have to fly without it.  I know that seems strange, but there is no designated site for this equipment as of now.  Here's co#1:    Each of these units has one dual fuel option.  The master list of serial numbers is in this document:     We use the unit serial numbers as opposed to turbine or generator serial numbers.  I'm sending you the whole enchilada since this is a handy reference.  I agree with adding 25% of the cost of the dual fuel option to the January payment.  Unit 17  to company 1 is fine.  The maximum liability price (or whatever we call it) will be the base price allocation, plus the dual fuel option amount.  Good question on the retention.  I guess we should set it up as if each is in a stand alone project. As far as I know they may be intending to put these at separate sites.  I'll get back to you on the fax and contract reference number.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi again,  Have you been asked to prepare the promissory notes referenced in the letter agreement?  If not, please put this on the list.  Also, what else will need to be prepared to close this deal?  I haven't heard for Coral yet, so I don't know if they bought in on closing early next week yet.  Since funding is required they may balk.  As soon as I know something I will let you know.  Thanks again for your help,  Kay 
 I think that him leaving word for Michele might be more palatable. 
 I'm going to leave Sheila a message and let her know about the meeting.  Kay 
 Here's a form: 
 fyi 
 Team,  I still need comments on the GE break out contract which was previously forwarded to Finance, Accounting and Tax. If anyone who didn't get it would like to get it, please let me know.  Also, I am unclear as to whether the consent form we received earlier this week is the final version from Enron's standpoint.  Any information on that point would be appreciated.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I can see if I can come up with a reason to go to New York if you want to go there.  I know New Orleans has deals that time of year.  There is also Guadalupe River Ranch, and some decent B & B's in Galveston. 
 This PPA has a good overview of scheduling of power (no gas element), and was fully vetted with the power group.  ckm 
 I'm sending the stuff Carolyn did, and attaching the letter revised to specifically reference the January payment.  I suspect that Coral may request language like Carolyn's version, as it tracts the language in the LOI. 
 Michelle,  Carlos would be a great addition at ENA in any transactional capacity.  I worked with him extensively (actually, I hired him), and he is terrific.  Thanks,  Kay 
 A psych student could write a dissertation about that statement. 
 This is for future reference. 
 For the next step... 
 Thanks for offering your previous risk memo.  I accept all offers of prior work product.  ckm 
 They moved it a while back. 
 ditto 
 print job 
 More. 
 I'm on a conference call.  Could you call Charlotte ASAP and review the plan for tonight.  Paige is in her car if you need her input.  ckm 
 Out of habit I sent this to Lisa. 
 Hi guys,  This is the "break out" contract for the LM's.  This particular draft was prepared for the City of Austin project, but we also need a TurboPark version. Please advise of any comments you might have.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Fuel cells kindle investor energy By Beverly Goodman Redherring.com, November 27, 2000 Companies with no earnings. Market capitalizations in the billions even though revenue hovers in the tens of millions. Analyst optimism bordering on the feverish. We know -- this probably sounds all too familiar. But this time we're not talking about some pie-in-the-sky dot-com stock valuations. We're talking about companies with new technologies, tangible assets, and a clear source of future revenue. We're talking about makers of fuel cells, a highly efficient and environmentally sound means of generating electricity. And while we won't deny that the recent run-up in their stocks befits the pattern of investor enthusiasm for the latest fad, we at Red Herring expect that alternative energy will be in fashion for quite some time. Investors more interested in companies that sell dog food over the Internet can stop reading here. There's no mystery why fuel cells are an appealing source of energy: they provide more reliable and efficient power with lower emissions and noise than traditional generating sources (see Trend No. 9: Energy, December 4). Most only require the simplest of gases and throw off only water and heat as by-products, both of which are reusable. Simply put, fuel cells consist of hydrogen and oxygen, separated by a catalyst. Typically, the fuel cell is heated, causing a chemical reaction that generates electricity. Since nothing is burned, no pollutants are created. In time, proponents say, fuel cells will power everything from your cell phone to your car to the factories that manufacture them. During this era of greater environmental awareness and rising fuel prices, fuel cell technology is increasingly looking like an appealing investment. Stocks powered by fuel cell technology are up an average of 139 percent in the last 12 months. That's despite a slow recovery from the 40 percent hit they took in the spring. The Nasdaq, by comparison, has fallen 15 percent since last November. Investor interest has also prompted a recent spate of IPOs. H Power (Nasdaq: HPOW), Millennium Cell (Nasdaq: MCEL), and Proton Energy Systems (Nasdaq: PRTN) all went public within the past few months. While those IPOs may seem to coincide neatly with the rising cost of fuel, that's not the whole picture. "We're seeing a convergence of factors never seen before," says William Fogel, a power technology analyst for First Albany. "The deregulation in the utility industry has increased innovation; the transportation grid is in jeopardy thanks to an increase in electrical demand from an Internet-based economy; there's a growing need for increased reliability; and there's an increasing recognition of the environmental degradation caused by the combustion engine." Admittedly, truly widespread applications remain more than a decade away, so profits are similarly distant for fuel cell companies. But investors have proven themselves willing to invest in technologies long before they become mainstream, buying stocks that often defy traditional valuations. (Still holding JDS Uniphase (Nasdaq: JDSU)?) With early-stage fuel cell technology due out of the labs and available to individual and corporate consumers within the year, this is still the early part of the adoption (and investing) curve. CELL DIVISION The fuel cell market is generally divided into four segments: stationary, portable, residential, and automotive. Fuel cells will likely hit the large stationary market first, powering strip malls and factories, according to David Redstone, editor of the Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Investor newsletter. "We're talking about unprecedented efficiency," he says, noting that fuel cells approach 60 percent efficiency (that is, 60 percent of the potential energy in fuel entering the cell actually results in energy coming out). Fuel cells can also be coupled with turbines to get their efficiency up to 80 percent, whereas traditional combustion engines only run at 35 percent efficiency. The leading developer of these stationary cells is Fuelcell Energy (Nasdaq: FCEL) (FCE), which is poised to be the first to commercialize them in 2001. At first blush, FCE's 442 percent run-up in the last 12 months and the fact that it won't be profitable until 2006 doesn't make its $59.50 stock price and price/sales ratio of 58 seem cheap. But using a variety of metrics, including discounted cash flow, discounted 2006 net income, and discounted 2006 revenue, Lehman Brothers analyst Maureen Murphy considers FCE undervalued by 40 percent. Using a projected market value of five times estimated 2006 revenue of $1 billion, she applies a discount rate of 17.5 percent annually to arrive at a 12-month price target of $124. Portable applications for fuel cells, like generators and boat engines, are also expected to be commercialized soon. Ballard Power Systems (Nasdaq: BLDP ), with more than 370 patents issued or pending, has proven itself in nearly all fuel cell applications and has promised to bring a small fuel cell-powered generator to market in 2001. "They don't make promises they're not able to keep," says Christine Farkas, a senior specialist and director at Merrill Lynch. "They've never disappointed." Ballard has also made significant strides in the automotive market and owns 27 percent of Xcellsis, a fuel cell engine maker that is a joint venture with DaimlerChrysler (NYSE: DCX) and Ford Motor (NYSE: F). Analysts expect Ballard to continue to post losses until sometime in 2004, and its current price-to-sales ratio is a whopping 265. Still, Ballard's involvement in all aspects of fuel cell applications leads Ms. Farkas to expect the company to earn $24.22 per share by 2013 -- which works out to approximately $2.2 billion in net income. Applying a multiple of 25 to those earnings, and a 15 percent discount rate, she comes up with a projected stock price of $150 a year from today, or 93 percent above recent prices. INDUSTRY REVOLUTION Even though powering cars with fuel cells is still some years off, the notion has found allies in some unlikely industries -- the major oil and automotive sectors. Ford chairman William Clay Ford Jr. declared at the 2000 Detroit Auto Show, "Longer term, the fuel cell will end the 100-year reign of the internal combustion engine." Legislation such as California's mandate that by 2003 fully 10 percent of cars sold (an estimated 22,000) must run on alternative energy will also help speed industry and public acceptance. While not a pure-play on fuel cells, Impco Technologies is well positioned to see its fuel cell business grow along with its other alternative fuel delivery, storage, and power electronics systems. Mr. Fogel expects Impco's products to compete for 40 percent, or $5 billion of the forecasted $12.5 billion automotive fuel cell market in 2010. (Its much more down-to-earth P/S ratio of 1.6 is an added attraction for investors -- any risk involved in Impco's fuel cell development is hedged by its full involvement in the alternative fuel industry.) "They're involved with almost every aspect of General Motors's global alternative fuel production, design, and implementation efforts," Mr. Fogel says. Impco was hit particularly hard this spring, and is still, at $18, 65 percent off its March 6 high of $52. But by using a 45 multiple on projected 2006 earnings per share of $2.86 and applying a 20 percent discount, Mr. Fogel arrives at a price-to-earnings-to-growth ratio of less than one -- a conservative multiple for stocks with similar growth prospects. Mr. Fogel sees more than a 100 percent upside for the company's stock, expecting it to return to its high in the coming 12 months. Despite the industry hype and science fiction scenarios, there will inevitably be setbacks. Take, for example, Plug Power (Nasdaq: PLUG), which ran out of gas when General Electric (NYSE: GE), which owns one-third of a joint venture with Detroit Edison (NYSE: DTA) and Plug, decided to change course. Plug's trailing 12-month revenue of $13 million (giving it a price-to-sales ratio of 64) hinged on the venture, in which a fuel cell powered a house, independent of the local electrical grid. Instead, GE now wants to develop a "grid parallel" system, which would work in tandem with the existing system. That news, coupled with management woes and Nasdaq turbulence, sent Plug's share price falling 80 percent, from $140 on March 13 to $16.50 on November 24. It will take all the energy fuel cells can generate to get that stock back on track. Discuss energy trends in the new economy in the ongoing Energy Industry Moves Forward discussion forum, or check out forums, video, and events at the Discussions home page. 
 I'm not usually a Galveston person, but it might be worth considering in December.  Might be best with Michael, though, so we could go to Moody Gardens and the Strand.  What I don't like about Galveston is the water (duh).  The San Luis is set up for kids, and has a neat view.  Guess I have itchy feet.  I haven't be on the road in a couple of weeks!  All I see at the house is responsibility, and we never do anything anyway.  Any ideas?  ckm 
 I've always thought it was my responsibility to let me supervisor know if I'm gone, not yours. 
 I haven't done anything.  I'm just making suggestions. 
 I have a tolling arrangement to work on. I'm trying to get my hands on the Black Hills tolling agreement.  Can someone point me in the right direction to find it?   Thanks,  Kay 
 I meant a shopping date, no Michael. 
 Maybe we should consider going someplace for a couple of days, sans kids. 
 More info for your file and use.  Kay 
 Wow, I didn't know I could control anything!  Change order 2 was initialled by Dale and signed by Chris on November 2, re stack extensions.  I also have a hand marked up change order form from Ed Danhaus referring to brush power system stabilizers.  Is this what you are looking for?  The procedure has been that the project team/attorney prepares the draft of the change order (or has EECC do it), I give it a sanity check and arrange for signature from GE.  The issue now would be whether this change order should be processed in the next week, or be a change to the break out contract.  I do not believe the cost has been included in the payment schedule.  Please give me a call if you would like to discuss this.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Poor Dan.  He is making himself miserable.  I'm glad he decided to go to the dinner.  I bet everyone there heard about all his physical issues. 
 He needs to stay away from the scales. 
 I think he needs meds, including Prozac or something like that.  He is flat out having an anxiety attack. 
 Here's how the numbers are being handled in another LM deal. 
 This is from my daughter.  ckm 
 Harlan Murphy started last week.  Nice guy from Dynegy. 
 Bad Kay bad bad bad Kay.  I'll do it now.  ckm 
 Don't forget Mama and gettin' otta jail.  ckm 
 fyi.  Please call ME.  Kay 
 I'll have to ask Neil for Michael's SS#.  I don't have it on me.  I know Neil's boss and his boss' boss will have parties.  I think one in on the 16th and the other on the 30th (stupid day for a party).  Are those good days for you? I just can't get interested in going to the Enron parties - too many people.  We could really stand some shopping time (bah humbug), also.  Kay 
 Since you both asked the same question, I thought I would send an email.  The little I know about rail is that the railroads control the contracts. You do it their way.  There is a lot of language in the LM contract concerning shipment, risk of loss, insurance, delivery.  I haven't thought through it all, but these issues probably need to be considered.   It may be best to work through GE on a change order basis to have them handle the shipment and storage elsewhere. Otherwise, we run the risk of having a dispute with them later about any problems or damage.  I will be talking to GE this afternoon if you want the topic to be discussed then.  Good luck!  Kay 
 Peter (or Paul)  Please call so that we can discuss.  713 345 7566.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Michael says that you and he will be putting up Christmas decorations this evening "straight away"  "before nightfall"  etc.  Of course, it is a good thing to do at night so long as it isn't raining.  I was thinking it would be fun to have a family outing this weekend instead of sitting around the house.  Maybe Moody Gardens?  That seems like a fun place to go.  What do you think?  ckm 
 Hi Scott,  Do you want to get together a few minutes early tomorrow to discuss indemnity/LOL, etc?  Kay 
 Did you tell her yes yes yes? 
 And Lisa Bills. 
 Please send a reminder out to Mike Barnas, Kent Shoemaker, Steve Swift, Rose Engeldorf, Ben Jacoby, Scott Dieball, and Sheila, and once again include the instructions (yeah, I know).  thanks,  Kay 
 Opps.  When you wrote back earlier I thought you were responding to me and not Rose's email, so I made a couple of changes and sent it out to everyone.  The Barnas affiliate language required an affiliate to own or operate the plant (not construct), and I was unclear on the time frame when that had to occur.  I'll explain what happened and apologize to him if he thinks we re-traded, and can back off of the changes.  The insanity continues here.  Kay 
 Hi Eric,  I had a computer malfunction and lost your email.  Could you please resend it?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Lee,  Opps.  I forgot to send this to you.  Kay 
 The next step in the turbine challenge is getting a draft working for the ESA transaction. You will find the turbines referenced on the Excel chart as ESA- Brazil #6 and #2.  I am forwarding the serial numbers for those turbines. Please get a draft going on this one - we want to close on Monday.  Rob Taylor is working on this from the finance side.  He should be faxing you some language which needs to be included concerning an agency arrangement. He may also have the names of the assignee and the agent.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I just love the law.... 
 Here's a somewhat refined version, with a reference to the financing reps. Do we want to be more specific?  Seller shall only be deemed to be reasonable in withholding its consent if the proposed assignee: (i) does not have a credit rating of [___] unless (a) the proposed assignee provides appropriate guaranties, letters of credit or other assurances of payment issued by an entity or person with a credit rating of [__], or (b) the assignor agrees to remain liable for all liability under this Agreement until [appropriate milestone], or (c) is a party participating in or providing financing or financing structures, including, without limitation, structures related to leasing arrangements and project financing, including a special purpose vehicle receiving financing to develop and/or construct the project for which Purchaser or Agent purchased the Equipment, if Purchaser or Agent has provided reasonably satisfactory representations concerning the sufficiency of the financing arrangement, or (d) final payment (except for the retention amount) has been made to Seller; (ii) is a direct competitor of Seller in the turbine manufacturing business, (iii) is an adverse party to Seller in any material litigation, or (iv) if purchasing the Equipment, such assignee is not purchasing such Equipment (or rights thereto) as part of a transaction in which Purchaser, Agent or their Affiliates is providing related goods and/or services to such assignee. 
 Will do.  Kay 
 Lisa,  I haven't gotten the executed docs back, but I'll send you the electronic version if that works for you.  Timing is as follows:  Northwestern gives 30 days notice of readiness to close.  If the closing does not occur before July 16, they make another $5m payment.  10 days after notice, they fund the balance into escrow, and we close 20 days later.  If they fail to close on or before Sept 1, they forfeit their previous payments, unless we have failed to provide the GE consent to assignment, which we are working on now.  I've given this timeline without looking at the doc, so I will let you know if I missed something.  Hopes this helps.  Kay 
 Thanks. 
 Hi Carol,  I saw that you posted about getting a nanny.  I've used two services, but only one that I can suggest.  For my last nanny, I used Morningside Nanny Service, or something close to that. They seemed thorough, and found us a wonderful person.  I've also used River Oaks Nanny, but they sent me a nut case.  Good luck,  Kay 
 Please print and fax this to Sheila.  You don't need to print the attachmen= t.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's what I have for an electronic file of the exhibits.    Kay 
 Hi there,  Can you dig up Peter Thompson's number for me?  He is in A & K's DC office.  Muchas gracias,  Kay 
 Please note.  I called Cher. 
 Have a safe trip back!  Love,  Kay 
 I think he will just tell us that chicken nuggests are vegetables. 
 Here's a new one.  Michael told me he was hungry (big surprise).  I said, "Michael, do you want some turkey?"  He said "No Mom, did you forget that I'm a vegetarian?"   I had to leave the room as I couldn't keep from laughing!  Kay 
 Anything posted on DealBench? 
 Hi Guys,  I can't recall if you have made any revisions to the exhibits.  Please advise (and resend) if you have.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Sounds good.  We went to Palacios last weekend.  The water was very silty from the rain, and the tide was low.  There were a few black drum, but not much else.  We did find a stone crab, which was a first.  Kay 
 Hi Peter,  Could I get a compared version of the most recent Austin draft against the original agreement?  Thanks,  Kay 
 You guys must be exhausted with all that activity.  Congratulations on the grandbaby.  That's a BIG deal.  My oldest "baby" is 20, a junior in college, and my Michael is 6.  Every age is special.  Thanks for the periodic updates about Michael.  He's in my thoughts, so I appreciate the info.  Kay 
 Hi Bob,  I believe I gave on October 24, so I'll go again around Christmas.  I'm glad that you've gotten some good news, and here's hoping for a much better 2001!  Kay 
 I just don't know how many questions they can come up with.   I've quit predicting.  Kay 
 Rose,  I suggest putting [brackets] around commercial operation as the date we can assign without consent.  As of now commercial operation is not a defined term (I hope it will become a defined term), so we may want to agree to a different milestone.  Thanks,  Kay 
 http://www.gruene.net/gruenemansion/  http://www.guadaluperiverranch.com/  I love to look up this stuff...  Kay  PS It was great seeing you guys last week. 
 I was out on vacation last week, so I just now received this.  I'll give it a look.  Kay 
 Hello.  I gave the Matagorda County Fair & Livestock Association $2050, and filled out the form for the match.  Please advise if this has been paid, as they are sending me a bill for the $2050, plus a finance charge.  Thank you,  Kay Mann x57566 
 Hi there,  In resolving some issues with Westinghouse there was an agreement reached concerning the disposition of the Blue Girl turbines, as well as certain issues relating to the Gleason and Wheatland facilities.  In connection with this agreement I am forwarding to you a draft letter agreement concerning resolution of these matters.  As you can see, Westinghouse has requested that NEPCO, EEPC and LJM2-Turbine, LLC sign the agreement.  Your comments would be appreciated.  Kay 
 Do the LM facility agreements for DevCo turbines need to contemplate ENA as an agent?  Will it specifically be ENA, or an ENA subsidiary?  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI.  I hope to have a conversation with GE today regarding finishing this document, including the exhibits.  Kay 
 I've heard that the turbines are supposed to be moved out of WestLB today. The contract with GE is not quite finished, although it is close.  Kay 
 Kathleen,  Is everything ok?  I hope you are just having a nice day to yourself.  What perfect weather!  Kay 
 Hi!  Matt is over until 300, Paige is off with Abbey, and I'm waiting for a conference call to start.  How many places should I set at the table tomorrow?  ckm 
 What a great idea!  Unfortunately, I bought her something already, which is highly unusual for me.  Hope you are enjoying all your guys.  Kay 
 Welcome back!!!!  I was worried about you - tooooo much stress.  Hope you can relax for at least 24 hours.  ckm 
 FYI, Kent Shoemaker (GE lawyer for LM's)  is on vacation today, but I believe he will be back in the office next Monday.  Kay 
 Do you know if we had TECO sign a confidentiality agreement?  Who is the counterparty to the participation agreement?  I thought we were just sending out  the public documents.  Thanks,  Kay 
 The referenced section are primarily names and addresses for invoices and official notices.  I'll pass the other info along.  Thanks,  Kay    Enron Global Finance 
 Good morning.  So did I get moved?  If so, please don't worry about unpacking.  I actually prefer to do it myself anyway.  I'm not checking voice mail, so if anyone calls I'm on vacation.  Period. I've spoken to Sheila and Gregg Penman, and I'm taking care of what they need, but if I take on anything else, I might as well pack Michael up and come to the office today.  Hope you have a great Thanksgiving.  See you Monday!  Kay 
 I like the changes.  I forwarded it to Bill to give him one last shot, but if we don't hear from him by noon, I would go with it. 
 Any problem with this?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Eric,  Has this info been provided to Andrews and Kurth yet?  It is needed to finish the facility agreement for the LM's, especially if you are trying to move these out of the existing contract on Monday.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Looks like the changes are relatively minor, but I feel better! 
 That reminds me that I had trouble reaching the pedals in your Bronco. 
 Peter,  Go ahead and complete the draft with what you have, and transmit it to me with a list of questions which need to be answered to finish it.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hey Suz,  I'm off to walk my dog.  I'm doing some stuff for Gregg Penman this am, but it isn't too bad.  Paige will be home in time to go to lunch, and Michael wants her to come visit his school.  Hope all is quiet.  Is Dan OK?  Ciao,  Kay 
 1989 Full Size Ford Bronco Eddie Baurer 4x4 Black with Tan Accent  two tone paint Tan Interior 83,000 miles 302 Engine Automatic New A\C New Tires up Front, rear are 1 year old- Oversized AM\FM\CASS PW\PL New Exhaust Manifolds Push Button 4 wheel drive  Have all records of repairs and maintanence.  Truck has been extremely reliable with the only problem being the A\C which I had fixed and converted to R134 in Late August of this year  Blue Book - $6950 Asking - $6199  Please Call x3-3838 or 281-858-8543 for details.  Clay Elliott 
 Hi there,  I need to get with Lee Johnson on another deal, and I know he will ask about LV CoGen.  Anything I should tell him?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Is it reasonable to expect that Enron as well as Peoples will be involved in the preliminary meetings? 
 Hi Dale,  There is another change order #1 which has been signed by ABB but not Enron, relating to the cancellation of a couple of transformers.  I don't think it will be signed until next week.  Can this change order be used as incentive to get ABB to the table on the breakout contract?  I'm sending a copy of this to Kathleen Clark at EECC and Ben Jacoby, just to make sure there aren't any other change orders floating around.  Ciao,  Kay 
 His last day is tomorrow, not Wednesday. 
 Please print and put with other stuff you just printed.  Thanks 
 Please print. 
 Fine by me.  I'm supposed to be on vacation this week, but so far I haven't done a very good job of it! 
 Yes, and I agree. 
 That Paul has a cloud over him.  At least he has time to heal before baseball season.  We are planning on spending Saturday night.  Neil and I will stay at the B & B.  Enjoy this great weather.  I hear more rain is forecast for the weekend - hope they are wrong!  Love,  Kay 
 Peter,  Enron South America has nothing to do with COA.  Enron North America is the assignee.  As for payments, we can state that as of the signing of the agreements, all payments have been made.  Sounds ok to me.  Kay 
 You'll like it.  Do you want to meet by the garage?  Kay 
 Here's a free look at someone else's deal.  I don't know what role Enron has in the deal after sell down.  Kay 
 Eric, these are already in my list that I sent you.  Kay 
 Dan just dumped me, so we can go any where you want.  Do you have a preference?  Kay 
 Hi Peter,  1. I don't think you need to do anything re Enron South America, as Rob Taylor is working on that.  Were you asking about ENA? Delaware, 1400 Smith, Houston, 77002. 2.  I don't know who is preparing all the exhibits, as I'm waiting to hear from GE.  Don't most of the exhibits just need to be copied?  Is the list you gave me of the exhibits which need to be adapted the right place to look? 3. No.  The November payment has been made.  You should get the other info by email from Eric Boyt.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Eric,  here are some questions from Peter, the AK lawyer who is working on the contract. If you can respond by return email, Peter can keep this moving.   1.  Payee and Address for Invoices referenced in Section 6.7.2 of the Agreement  2. Section 6.7.1 Agreement reference [you might see if NEPCO has a reference]  3. For the recitals, what is the kW capacity of its plant and where is the plant located?  4. According to the spreadsheet, the Guaranteed Delivery Dates for Units 9-11 was 10/30/00.  The Guaranteed Delivery Date for Unit 12 is 11/30/00.  Are these still the dates we are using?  5. Please provide the serial numbers for Units 9-12 for Section 10.2.1.  6. Please provide the names, addresses, etc. for Sections 25.1 and 25.3   Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm packing my office (yes, another move), so I'm generally avialable.  Do you want to come over here around 1130, and we'll load up Dan and go.  This will be a car trip, as FD is on Taft. 
 Does this project have another name?  I'm not familiar with Fountain Valley. Is this the same as PSCO?  Kay 
 Hi,  Got your voice mail, and it reminded me to sent this out.  I don't know what is up with Jeff, so why wait to send this?  Next comes Finance/M&A (Lance and Travis).  I'm having lunch with Dan today - want to join us?  We are going to Fox Diner.  Kay 
 I wanted to pass along the resume of Carlos Sole. Carlos and I worked together extensively at EECC.  The "reorganization" of EECC has him moving to EES, but he would prefer to work here.  He recently met with V. Sharp, and she understands that he wants to explore opportunities at EWS (I'm learning the new nomenclature).  John Schwartzenburg understands this as well.  I can recommend Carlos as a solid, intelligent, hard working lawyer. He's a great guy and I believe he would fit in well here.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Greg/Steve,  Since AEWhite will be out of the office for the next two and a half weeks, I've volunteered for to cover her power development work in Florida.  Just in case you don't have my numbers:  office 713 345 7566  home 713 973 6325 cell 713 314 8716.  As a  heads up, I believe Rose Engeldorf, the Global Finance lawyer who helps us process documents, will be on vacation beginning June 2.  Anything which may need to be blessed can probable be done a bit more easily before Rose leaves.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Dale,  Do you have the missing info?  If not, I can send it to you.  Kay 
 Lee, I'm  in town next week (fishing a lot, though) and can be reached at the office or 713 973 6325.  Kay 
 I tried to figure out how to print the whole thing, but failed.  Did she figure out how to print the entire document?  It really has a lot of information on it.  Kay 
 I just spoke with GE's counsel, and here's where we are:  Change the following for the final draft: 1.80  delete "remaining" 10.2.1  take out the note  Otherwise, GE had no comments.  Peter/Chris,  If you look on the spreadsheet I sent you earlier, it gives the unit numbers for each of the projects.  You can figure out the guaranteed delivery dates by matching up the delivery dates from the contracts with the number.  Also, please fix the use of purchase amount in 10.10.6 as suggested by Dale.  The ESA deal has a change order associated with it (change order 3, attached below) and that CO is not reflected in the amounts to be paid.    City of Austin has no change orders.  The assignee is Enron South America.   Thanks,  Kay 
 Dale,  Looking good so far.  Peter/Paul,  FYI.  Kay 
 Dale said it was ok for me to send this to you.  Kay 
 Per Rose's instructions. 
 200 sounds good to me, and an hour should be sufficient. 
 How do we look for a conference call today?  I'll be open in about an hour.  Kay 
 I haven't heard from GE yet today.  Is your cell phone still the best way to contact you? 
 If Carlos has reviewed it I don't need to comment.  ckm 
 I'm in a conference call marathon, but I'll holler.  You might just want to look at the sections referenced in the memo.  Kay 
 fyi  I'll send you the list of site specific references also. 
 Dale,  What is your availability for a conference call with GE today?  Kay 
 fyi 
 Looks like Lee is still in the loop.  Kay 
 FYI.  I believe we need your help with preparing the first two breakout contracts - one for the City of Austin project, and one for the ESA project. I heard yesterday that they want the ESA contract by November 22, and the COA shortly thereafter.  I expect to talk to Kent today about where we are on the form, and how to move forward to closure.  Kay 
 I never would have guessed smoked oysters.  I think I'm cooking for the 4 of us, plus Lena and any stray friends we find.  We will probably come to Palacios on Saturday and spend the night, although I haven't discussed it with Mom yet.  It is dreary here today, but in a nice way.  I don't mind it too much, although by Sunday we may be stir crazy.  We went to Michael's school on Wednesday, as his class was singing in chapel.  Roger Clements was there, video cam in hand, doing the dad thing. He is a really big guy, much bigger than I thought.  He looks like a football player.  I see why Piazza didn't take a swing!  I would say "break a leg" for Katie, but with your groups orthopedic problems, I hesitate to use the phrase!  Love,  Kay 
 Hi John,  Neil and I discussed this last night.  I know we are interested in at least as many games as we had last year.  I'll check with him and get back to you.  Hope all is well.  I haven't forgotten you!  Kay 
 Why would you ask a question out of the blue? 
 Please advise if you think this is ready to go to GE. 
 So? 
 Sounds great to me.  If we need Ben, it will need to be after noon eastern. If it is just us chickens anytime after 930 your time is good for me.  Kay 
 Hi guys,  I thought it would be a good idea to come up with an plan of action to get the facility agreements closed out.  From what I can tell here, the ESA and City of Austin deals are the most time sensitive. 
 Ben,  Has the payment allocation chart been updated, and if so, could I get a copy?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I guess the ESA lawyers have decided that this is not the time to outsource project work!  We are to the point where we need Ben to help pull the technical and financial details together.  I'll see what I can do to get his attention.  Dan is still in the midst of his health issues, so he is fasting in anticipation of a 230 physical.  Roger Balog brought a pumpkin cheesecake which was delicious, and one of clerks made the best collard greens I had ever had.  I am miserable - which means I ate a lot more than greens and a piece of cheese cake.  Kay 
 Maybe it is Lisa Alfaro.  If you prefer that an ENA lawyer handle it, I will volunteer.  Your plate is more full than mine (I just ate at the luncheon, and I'm thinking in food metaphors.)  Kay 
 Please! 
 Are they still available? 
 I left Kent a message, suggesting that we start with COA, telling him ENA is the assignee.  I'll let you know when I hear from him.  Kay 
 I suggest we give GE a time line for completing each of the break out contracts.  I'm unfamiliar with the individual project requirements, so I'm asking  your help.  I believe City of Austin is ready to go as soon as the form is complete, and it could be a great candidate for working on immediately.  I know the ESA project has some time sensitivity as well.  Please let me know what you think.  Kay 
 Hi David,  Either email or handwritten works for me.  I would just as soon have everything now, if it is possible to get it to me in the today or tomorrow.  In discussing the extension yesterday, the consensus was that we should extend until June 29th.  If the deal gets done sooner, we can always have the new doc supercede the old one.  I'm copying Heather and Reagan so that they can  let me know if I've got it wrong.  Thanks,  Kay 
 You are right on all points (especially the punting one!).  You should have the list of specific "fill in the blank" stuff which I forwarded recently. Also, we had a discussion yesterday with GE on the form of the assignment/assumption agreement, so there shouldn't be anything required of you from that standpoint.  I'm here today (wasn't yesterday) and will be happy to discuss it with you.  Kay 
 I agree. 
 FYI 
 Ross/Jackie,  Here's my list of comments to the most recent draft.  It is subject to internal review, but this gives you an idea.  Could we have a telephone conference to knock out as many of these as possible?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Last time I checked I didn't have a fax from you.  Did it go through? 
 Please print and fax the email and the attachment.  I emailed Jeff and told him what I'm up to today, by the way.  Kay 
 What an awful mess. 
 Ben,  I'll take a look at it today, you night owl.  Hope the kids cut you some slack after your late night.  You're missing our last week of nice weather for the season.  It was 65 degress this am.  I'm taking Herman to the game tonight, which will be wonderful in this weather.  Next comes 90 degrees.  Michael had his first soccer practice yesterday - actually a skills assessment to put them on teams.  He loved it. His big sister and her boyfriend took  him to buy soccer clothes afterwards.  He is wearing his shin guards and soccer shorts to school today.  Too cute.  Hope you are enjoying your little ones.  Kay 
 Vizsla.  I think they are also known as Hungarian pointers, but vizsla is the official AKC name. 
 Will Sheila be in the office today? 
 I'll be calling in from out of the office, as will Sheila. 
 I've found CompareRite to work with long documents.  Plus, these documents started out as WordPerfect documents and were converted to Word, which I think creates problems with Word comparisons.  I figure it is a Gates conspiracy...  Kay 
 Yes, such as the side letter, assignments, etc.  That may be about it, but I don't trust my memory.  Since there is so much to do in such a short time, lists help!  Thanks,  Kay 
 fyi.  I'm printing.  Kay 
 Here's something to look at.    I'm heading out soon for Master Whalley's birthday party at the Houstonian, but I'll check messages later today.  Kay 
 Paul/Peter,  Me again.  I have a meeting with ABB for Thursday.  Could you make me a list of issues like you did with the GE contract (removing the comments from the text), and blackline the new clean "commentless" version against the original master contract.  Thank you,  Kay 
 Are you going to get a Palm Pilot? 
 I'm leaving now anyway.  ckm 
 Mike Sandridge and I finally spoke on the phone.  Here are the issues which need to be addressed to keep things moving:  1. Which transformers go where?  2. How do we deal with the two cancelled units and any cancellation charges?  3. ABB has not had a good experience with an Enron LLC arrangement, and the contract allows for them to request payment security.  Unless they are convinced that they aren't at risk, they will want some form of payment security.  The contract does allow for the equipment to be paid off (except retainage) to facilitate the assignment.  Mike is available Thursday to discuss these issues, and how to get the break out contracts closed. I'm available any time.  Kay 
 fyi 
 okey dokey 
 Gentlemen,  Things are heating up, no pun intended. Therefore, it would be helpful if you would prepare a closing list for the GE turbines moving out of WestLB.  I know it is short, but I thrive on lists.  I cannot tell you how many calls I've swapped with ABB's rep about that contract, without ever hooking up.  I see that we will be facing a fire drill quickly in getting at least some of these transformers into the right financing vehicle.  Therefore, please prepare a list of site specific issues for that document as well.  Thanks,  Kay 
 fyi 
 Hi Don,  I'm not connecting this with anything on my "to do" list.  Were you looking for someone else?  Kay 
 Hey Suz,  Is Sheila still planning on having the GE call tomorrow?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Peter,  Do we have a good clean copy?  If so, please re-send it to me, along with the best of blacklines.  I have so many versions that I want to be clear that we are looking at the same documents.  I also want to send the best of the best to GE, the Enron commercial team and the 4 other Enron lawyers who have received the defective versions.  Thank you,  Kay 
 I'll discuss with Carlos.  ckm 
 My recollection is that I gave it to Sheila around the time it came in, but I wouldn't swear to it.  I'll check around here.  Kay 
 Heather,  I think the clean one is ok to send to Bob Wright as is.  Kay 
 Ok, I'm almost done forwarding emails. 
 FYI. 
 Your suggestion is probably cheaper for Enron! 
 Looks like they have a rats nest to figure out.  ckm 
 A que hora?  (what time?) 
 Need a sitter.  I'm working on it!  Any idea what time it starts?  Kay 
 Hi Heather, Jeff and Ozzie,  The only issue I have with the testimony is the statement that the units are "extremely quiet".  At this point FCE will only guaranty 60dba, which some folks might not consider to be extremely quiet depending on how close a facility is to their house.  You may have determined that the noise level will be some number less than 60 dba so that the guaranty level does not reflect the expected noise level.  Kay 
 Thanks. 
 I thought I had sent it out on Friday, but I had just saved it as a draft. Must have been the full moon.  Kay 
 I got lots done Saturday, but I can't remember what!  You know how that goes.  I bought a few Christmas presents, which felt good.  I went to the grocery store and spent lots of time without rushing.  That felt decadent.  We didn't get hit too badly.  Jack ran off during the worst part of the storm, scaring Neil and I horribly.  A  neighbor brought him back.  We are having an electronic fence installed soon, so I hope that will help.  I'm glad Michael got to see Uncle Bob.  He was very impressed that his name was so close to Uncle Bobby's.  I'm guessing that we may come down for a day or two next week.  Sorry I can't get organized.  Hope you are enjoying better weather today!  Love,  Kay 
 Scott,  Here are letters to Westinghouse, as revised to reflect our comments.    Kay 
 Hi Peter,  When do you  think we will have a pretty compared document?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Not today.  Let's get feedback from GE today.  Plus, the document has a lot of formatting glitches and it looks terrible.  Does that work?  Kay 
 Thanks! 
 Print job. 
 ABB WestLB agreement.  Kay 
 Most recent (but not final) Turbopark/GE contract.  More to come...  Kay 
 9.6  Additional Factory Testing .  In the event that Purchaser reasonably determines that a factory test=20 conducted by Seller or its Subcontractors was not conducted properly or the= =20 results of the test were inconclusive Purchaser may required Seller to repe= at=20 such test in a fashion as to obtain conclusive results. =20  Purchaser may request Seller or its Subcontractors to  perform one or more = of=20 its factory  tests using more precise instrumentation than planned, or=20 conduct a test not in Seller=01,s or its Subcontractor=01,s standard factor= y test=20 program.  In the case of a Purchaser request for an additional non standard= =20 factory test the conduct of such test shall be subject to mutual agreement = by=20 the parties. =20  In the event as a result of such Purchaser requested repeat test, ormore=20 precise instrumentation or non standard test  the Equipment is found to not= =20 be compliant with the requirements of this Agreement, Seller shall correct= =20 such noncompliance and the cost and time associated with such testing shall= =20 be to Seller=01,s account.  If the Equipment is found to be compliant with = this=20 Agreement, Seller shall be eligible for a Change Orderfor the cost and time= =20 associated with such testing. 
 Here's the blacklined version.  Kay 
 Blackline to follow.  Kay 
 Peter,  If I can get the clean version, I'm happy to run a blackline here.  Maybe getting out of your system would help!  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Geneva,  The instruction sheet mentions a gift bag.  Do I pick this up at drop off?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Peter,  Do you have a new ETA yet?  I need to manage expectations on this end.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's how it is shaping up:  We have a fence appointment for noon, the Wednesday before Thanksgiving. That is the first opening, but there is always a chance of a cancellation. Just in case there is an earlier opening, the utility people will be out tomorrow. Therefore, we need to have BOTH dogs put up tomorrow, and the gate open.  We have a noon appointment with John Foster THIS Wednesday.  There is a $20 consulting fee.  This is the same day Michael's class sings in chapel at 115, so this isn't too bad.  I have a 130 staff meeting, but maybe I can miss it. The work will NOT be done that day, as far as I know.  If we have  a hope of leaving town the week of Thanksgiving, we need a reservation at the kennel.  Do we have one yet?  I would say we might want one Fri and Sat night. Also, we might want to consider boarding Jack this week for a couple of days, so we don't have to do the crate trip.  We should be ok Saturday-Wednesday, since I'm planning on being home, and Paige will be home on Tuesday.  Kay 
 Hi John,  Thanks for your call the other day.  The team is currently focused on getting the funding approved, as you can see from the attached.  Also, we have had some discussions with Fuel Cells about the contract to purchase the equipment.  I expect to forward a draft to you soon for a sanity check.  It may be a Connecticut law contract due to the State's involvement.  The next big item will be the project development agreement.  The tax credit monetization is still on the horizon, and if the funding approval is granted, we will want to talk about your sense of how that might work.  Again, thanks for checking  in.  Kay 
 NEW YORK (AP) --The New York Mets announced today that they are going to > court to get an additional inning added to the end of Game 5 of the World > Series. > > "The batting, pitching, and bench coaches for the Mets held a press > conference earlier today. They were joined by members of the Major > League Players Union. > > "'We meant to hit those pitches from the Yankee pitchers,' said the > Mets batting coach. 'We were confused by the irregularities of the pitches > we received and believe we have been denied our right to hit.' > > "One claim specifically noted that a small percentage of the Mets  batters > had intended to swing at fast balls, but actually swung at curve balls. > It was clear that these batters never intended to swing at curve balls, > though a much higher percentage were not confused by the pitches. > > "Reporters at the press conference pointed out that the Mets had > extensively reviewed film of the Yankees pitchers prior to the World > Series and had in fact faced the Yankees in inter-league play earlier > in the year. > > "'The fact remains that some of the pitches confused us and denied us of > our right to hit,' said the Mets batting coach. 'The World Series is not > over yet and the Yankees are celebrating prematurely.' > > "Major League Baseball has reviewed the telecast of all the World Series > games and recounted the balls and strikes called by the umpires of each > game. > > "'While some of the strikes called against the Mets were, in fact, balls, > there were not enough of them to change the outcome of the  World > series,' the commissioner said. > > "Another portion of the Mets legal claim stated that, based on on-base > percentage, the Mets had actually won the World Series, regardless of > the final scores of the games. 'It's clear that we were slightly on-base > more often than the Yankees,' said a Mets spokesman. 'The World > Series crown is rightly ours.' > > "The manager of the Mets has remained in relative seclusion, engaging in > some light jogging for exercise. He has stated that he believes 'we need > to let the process run its course without a rush to judgment.'" > > 
 so please let me know if you can't get them printed soon.  Thanks,  Kay 
 1100 is just fine.  We are all so dependent on our computers, I can hardly remember what we did in the "old days".  Kay 
 Hi Stuart,  I believe the plant manager was going to call someone at SW, to keep the communication lines open.  I'll be glad to draft a friendly letter to follow up.  Kay 
 If it says Austin, it must be yours....  Kay 
 Barbara has asked that I submit a weekly report about what I'm working on.  I haven't had time to fix up anything pretty, but I'll give you the big ticket items:  Fuel Cell Energy/CRRA transaction.  Enron owns equity and holds warrants for Fuel Cell stock.  We need to sell 55 mw of fuel cells in order to get the benefit of the warrants.  The commercial team is  working on a deal to place 50 mw with the Connecticut Resource Recovery Authority, a state agency.  I have been working feverishly on the equipment contract, and we recently completed the LOI with CRRA.  We need to move to more definitive docs with CRRA, and the structuring isn't complete. The decision about whether the state will fund the project is expected in December.  This deal is likely to continue to take up a large amount of  my time, and requires a fair amount of travel, as I am involved in direct negotiations.  This transaction is on Dave D and Janet D's radar screen, and  Mark is familiar with it.  The potential upside (in a perfect world), is rumored to be in the nine figure range.  Turbopark.  Turbopark is the latest financing vehicle for power projects. Enron is moving 20+ turbines into Turbopark in the next 45 days.  This requires a series of contracts with GE (at least 6) which I am working on. We also have to move transformers into this facility, so I have been in contact with ABB concerning same.  GE general.  ENA is attempting to negotiate a standard contract with GE. I've been working with Sheila on this one.  We are committed to finish this project by the end of this year.  Westinghouse warranty issues.  ENA has two significant disputes wiht Westinghouse concerning a couple of turbines.  I'm riding herd on resolving the issues.  VEPCO.  We were attempting to negotiate a PPA with Virginia Power, but ran into some problems, so it won't close this year.  Theres' some miscellaneous follow up work to do.  Illinois development.  I'm supporting the devolopers who are developing power plant sites in Illinois.  Enron/Peoples joint venture.  I'm working with the Enron commercial team in certain matters relating to getting the joint venture up and running.  This gives at least an overview of what I'm spending most of my time on. . 
 We had a very good work session with GE today to iron out the details of the break out contract.  We expect to have a draft on Monday, which should be close to final as far as the form goes.  I have also asked A & K to prepare a memo outlining what will need to be done on a project basis to complete the document.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Kay 
 Hi Jeff and Barbara,  I would really like to stay where I am, if possible.  I like being close to Suzanne, not to mention the good neighbors and the benefit of facing the wall.  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI,  I expect to be on vacation that week.  Kay 
 Hi Mark,  I thought I was in my "final" office.  Where am I moving?  Kay 
 As I fix I was going to offer to let GE pick up 1/2 their bill....  Kay 
 I can assure you that no improvement in the relative risk allocation was intended.  They pointed out what appeared to be some disconnects, and in some cases I ok'd them putting the suggestions in for discussions purposes.  I wasn't trying to play games.  Talk to you soon,  Kay 
 Scott,  As I preliminary answer, this language hasn't been approved by Deffner's group, although it is based on language they have seen before.  It was my understanding that you wanted to keep this deal off their radar screen, as you didn't want them entering into the structuring picture until later.  We can ask for a blessing on the language, but that will probably lead to questions about how the deal will be structured, etc.  I am happy to access the resources in their group, however.  FCE hasn't seen any of this language.  It was something I pulled together for you to look at.  As for FCE's desire to assign in case of merger, etc, I think the language is too broad.  In fact, I think assignment by them should require our consent. Otherwise, it needs to be conditioned on the acquiring party to be acquiring a bunch of stuff:  the know how, the patent rights, the manufacturing facilities, etc.  If they are going to merge with another company or sell their shares, they don't need an assignment clause, unless there is something peculiar in Conn. law.  They only need assignment language for an asset sale.  Kay 
 Here's a rough cut.  Let me know what you think.  The fuel cells will be subjected to testing after installation to ensure that each fuel cell meets the performance criteria prior to CRRA accepting the units.  These tests will measure heat rate, electrical output, air emissions, noise levels and water consumption, and will last at least one hour each.  In addition, a seventy-two hour test will be run to ascertain that each unit is capable of producing the required output without outages. The final test protocol will establish the number of tests to be performed.  Heather:  There was a proposed ASME standard relating to the testing of fuel cells, but I don't know if it has been adopted yet.  If it has been, we could make reference to that fact that the tests will be conducted in conformance with ASME PT-50, or whatever it is.  I'm sure Ric knows.  Kay 
 Here's a rough draft of a different approach to assignment.  Do you think it fits with the possible structures?  Kay 
 I wasn't sure from your email if you wanted to review it now, or wait until Jackie and I sort through some things.  Kay 
 I just opened it.  It came in last night. 
 Jackie,  Would it be possible for you to mark up the list of comments, highlighting which are outstanding?  Marked by hand and faxed would be great.  Thanks,  Kay 
 As usual, the lawyers are the last to know.  Stuart is working on a transaction to sell the asset (Gleason), and therefore this ageement needs to be documented asap, which means in the next few days. Please review the attached and give me a call.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please call Paul Pipitone (Houston) and Peter Thompson (he's in DC) and ask them to call in at 130. I'm not sure Paul will be joining us, but Peter has confirmed.  If we are delayed we'll let them know.  How long did you reserved the line?  I can see the call going until 330.  Kay 
 I know the feeling. 
 Due to the sensitivity of the information, we'll be specific.  Also, should this be addressed to Bill or Curtis, or someone else?  Kay 
 De nada. 
 This is the most recent thing I have from GE specifically on LOL and indemnity. Our memories appear to be correct this time, unless I'm missing something from my file.  Kay 
 I don't know numerical addresses, just cross streets.  This week I stayed at 52nd and Madison, time before I stayed at either 72 or 77th and Madison. Madison is close to 5th.  I'm going to guess that he is living above 50th, as I had the impression that he was living in a pretty swanky area.  The weather is beautiful here.  Hope it lasts a couple of days.  Neil loves his pig.  I don't think he has picked a place for it yet, though.  Have a great day!  Love,  Kay 
 Oh well.  Jeff is in London, but will be here on Monday.  Kay 
 Hi Guys,  We don't expect to deal with the facility agreement until around 130, so there isn't a need for Lee to listen to the rest unless he wants to.  Lee, you are more than welcome to come in person, in which case I can give you some exectued change orders.  Kay 
 I thrive on pressure.  My birthday is January 11th.  Is that close to her due date?  Kay 
 Jeff,  I don't know if our group needs anyone, but I wanted to pass this resume along.  I worked with Carlos when I was at EECC, and I rate him highly. He'll take on anything, has good people skills, works hard, and has a varied transactional background.  As an added bonus, he is fluent in Spanish.  EECC is being plopped into EES, and Carlos would prefer to make the move to ENA (or EA, whatever we are called). He discussed this with Vicky, so she is aware that he is checking out opportunities here.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Ben,  As a retired trial lawyer, I prefer saying less whether than more. I'll bring the letters down and we can discuss specifics. 
 Attached are two letter our commercial lead on the salt soaked unti wants to send.  Kay 
 Any practice area preference?  ckm 
 Another for the book.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please print the black line and put with the binder you are building. 
 As I understand it, if the option is exercised (and the property bought) prior to the time the LLC is owned by ENext, there is a balance sheet impact. 
 This look ok?  It will be presented to Dave Duran to execute Monday am unless you suggest otherwise.  Kay 
 Here's the agreement I would like to get in front of Mike.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Could you please print this, and put in a big binder?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm HERE!!!  How about the reorg?  Mark H looks like he came out great.  Kay 
 Hi Kathleen,  I want to get Laura Luce to direct us to give Gregg signing authority.  As you know, the request for Ben came from Janet, not Ben. I'll check with her. do you have the LLC agreement to see how changes are handled?  If not, you can get a copy of my copy.  It is not a standard agreement.  On the CA, please make the effective period two years from the latest disclosure of info, and the disclosures will be ongoing. I don't have the CA in front of me, but does it say that Peoples has to get their consultants to sign a CA as well?  It is a good question.  Ta ta for now,  Kay 
 Hi guys,  Was there a PUHCA analysis done?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Gregg,  I'll check around here to see what I can find out, but I thought I'd ask you if you know the answer. I'll also check with B& P.  Is Sarah off of this?  I hope I didn't open a can of worms.  Kay 
 Joel,  I didn't work on the deal, so I'll have to check around the Legal Dept.  Kay 
 Lou,  Did someone do a PUHCA analysis in connection with the Peoples/Enron LLC formation?  Kay 
 fyi 
 Ross,  The only thought I have with respect to this request would be that it should not apply if FCEL has failed to comply with its warranty obligations, or has declined to service the modules after the warranty period has expired.  Kay 
 Remarketing. 
 Here's a redraft of one letter, second to follow: 
 She's making them now. The trip just came up 30 minutes ago. 
 I don't have it. 
 Latest version. 
 Please call him. 
 Please print the attached on letterhead.  I'm leaving for Connecticut shortly, and will be back in the office on Thursday (or so I exepct).  Please handle the following  Call David Runnels at A & K and tell him thanks, but I can't use the opera tickets this weekend.  Cancel my RSVP for Carrin Patman's lunch tomorrow.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Suz,  Please print two originals of this CA (in my CA directory) InterGen North America CA May 18 rev 1.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Kathleen, Please change the first paragraph as follows: ENA is prepared to furnish you with certain risk analysis information which= =20 is either confidential, proprietary or generally not available to the publi= c=20 ("Confidential Information") in connection with ENA=01,s disclosure to PERC= =20 and/or enovate for its performing independent risk analysis relating to of= =20 the portfolio of enovate, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company. Suc= h=20 information may include (but not be limited to) and for PERC=01,s evaluatio= n of=20 daily curves such as price, basis, index, volitility and interest rates as= =20 they relate to the operations of enovate, L.L.C.  As a condition to=20 furnishing Confidential Information, PERC and ENA each agree to the followi= ng:  As for the paragraph 7, I've asked Gregg if the disclosures will be one tim= e,=20 or ongoing.  If the disclosures will be ongoing, we may want to rethink the= =20 effective period to make it two years from the last disclosure.  Gregg also needs a resoluting regarding signing authority, but I've left hi= m=20 a voice mail asking for more information. Thanks,  Kay 
 This doesn't have the latest from what you sent. 
 I'm just about half done with the chart, so I thought I would share it with you for comment. 
 Sheila,  I should have sent this to you as well.  Kay 
 Joel,  Mary Lynn Ruffner has been involved, but to my knowledge has not reviewed the documents.  Matt Gockerman handles most of the tax stuff for enovate.  As for the structure, the commercial focus is on keeping things as simple as possible.  If Sarah doesn't have a copy of the LLC agreement, I can get you one.  Lou Stoler was involved in the formation of enovate, although I coordinate most of their legal issues now.  I've seem a preliminary DASH, but I don't know where it sits now.  Hope this helps.  Kay 
 I just knew you guys got rain the entire weekend.  I'm glad it worked out ok.  I tried calling last night but got a busy signal.  When Michael's school asked for names/addresses of grandparents, I didn't know they were going to send a request for $.  Sorry about that!  We are trying to figure out Paige's plans for Thanksgiving, although I'm about to give up on figuring it out. She doesn't know if she can get a ticket to the game yet. I'm kinda in the mood to cook, but that's as far as we've gotten.  Lisa tells me they may be heading your way on Saturday?  We'll probably figure things out in the next few days.  We are waiting to see if I'm going to be in town on Thursday to make plans. I haven't been out of town since our anniversary, so it must be time to go again!  Generally speaking Neil gets home around 600.  Hope you are enjoying the pretty weather today.  I can sure see along way today.  Love,  Kay 
 Hi Gregg,  FYI.  Kay 
 I like your letter. 
 Scott,  I ran a redline comparing the version we sent last Thursday and their new clean draft.  It shows a different number of changes.  Here's the Enron redline:    Too much paper!  Kay 
 When I run a CompareRite redline I get a different number of changes, so I was unclear as to the compared documents.  Kay 
 Please confirm the version of the document which was the basis of the compared version.  Thank you,  Kay 
 I got a draft of the CA from her this am.  I'll give it a look and get it to you today.  ckm 
 Gregg,  Joel is a lawyer with Global Finance.  Since Corp will be loaning the money, I contacted that legal group to get their buy in (they are Sarah's lawyers, so to speak).  Anyway, I thought the change of name from enovate to enervate is priceless.  Enervate= to weaken or destroy the strength or vitality of...  Strange choice for a company name!!!  Kay 
 Hi Kent,  I believe this to be blacklined against the original document.  Please note there are some comments/questions included.  Talk to you soon,  Kay 
 Please print this monster.  Kay 
 As requested, I went the abbreviated route.    Kay 
 Tell him he is dropping to the B list.  It was sent via fax to her.  Kay 
 I'll send the blackline when I get it.  Kay 
 Hi Jordan,  I support ENA's Chicago group in their activities with Peoples.  Peoples and Enron have a jointly (50/50) owned company called enovate, which will be involed in managing some of Peoples assets and some trading activities.  Each of the parents will be establishing a line of credit to cover cash flow.  It is expected that Corp will be lending the money for Enron's part, and Sarah Wesner has been involved in the process.  Therefore, I thought it would be a good idea to run this transaction through your group for blessing/comment/sign off/whatever is appropriate.  I can give additional information to whoever you decide should take a look at this.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I could nap in this weather.  Maybe I'll leave early. 
 I asked Paige what she was doing for Thanksgiving.... 
 I think it is a great day to work! 
 I just completed a lengthy call with A & K concerning the form facility agreement.  A revised draft should be out mid-day today.  I have once again called ABB, but haven't heard back from them yet.  Kay 
 I accept the terms & conditions of this Pilot Participation Agreement.  Kay Mann 
 I would like to attend.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Off the internet:   FuelCell Energy Announces Two Contract Awards Thursday, November 2, 2000 07:07 AM	?Mail this article to a friend DANBURY, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 2, 2000-- New, Specialized Applications for Direct FuelCell(TM) Power Plants FuelCell Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ: FCEL, news, msgs) announced the award of contracts for two new power plants using the company's Direct FuelCells(R) (DFC(R)) for coal mine and remote location applications. The first contract is for a $5.4 million project with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) National Energy Technology Laboratory (NETL) for the design, construction and operation of a 250 kW DFC, utilizing coal mine methane gas, at the Harrison Mining Corporation coal mine in Cadiz, Ohio. The second contract, for $100,000, is from the U.S. Coast Guard Research and Development Center in Groton, Connecticut for a remote location, 3 kW fuel cell power system, using methanol for fuel. It is scheduled to be installed during the second quarter of 2001 at the Cape Henry Lighthouse at Fort Story, near Virginia Beach, VA. Coal Mine Methane: Cost-Free Fuel Reduces Emissions FuelCell Energy was selected for the coal mine methane emission reduction project to demonstrate the ability of the DFC to generate electricity, using coal mine methane emissions that otherwise escape into the atmosphere. Costs for the three-year program will be shared equally by the DOE and FuelCell Energy. As a result, in addition to the environmental benefits of reducing emissions, the cost of electricity produced from coal mine methane is reduced by using a fuel that is essentially free. "The DOE has been supporting the development of fuel cells for more than two decades," said Mark C. Williams, fuel cell product manager for NETL. "This application to coal mine methane effectively combines efficient power generation with a solution to mitigate greenhouse gas emissions." According to FuelCell Energy, 75% of the world's coal mine methane emissions from active and abandoned coal mines comes from the top six countries with coal mining operations. A total of approximately 1,000 megawatts of fuel cell power could be generated using coal mine methane from the two sources. The U.S., alone, has approximately 300 megawatts of unutilized coal mine methane capacity. At an estimated $1,000 kW, the 1,000 MW worldwide potential for FuelCell Energy fuel cell power plants is equivalent to a $1.0 billion market. "The use of coal mine methane to power Direct FuelCells will result in benefits for all concerned," said Jerry D. Leitman, president and CEO of FuelCell Energy. "Coal mine methane is a greenhouse gas which can be remediated. By using it to fuel a DFC power plant, a customer turns a liability into an asset that gets rid of a polluting gas and produces electric power in an environmentally responsible fashion. An important milestone for the company is to identify prospective early-adopter markets. The coal mine methane market provides a virtually free fuel source to operate the fuel cells, facilitating early adoption by energy users." Remote Power: Clean Energy Where the Wires End The U.S. Coast Guard Research and Development Center has awarded FuelCell Energy a $100,000 contract to provide a 3 kW DFC power plant at the Cape Henry Lighthouse, for a field test at the lighthouse to demonstrate fuel cell capabilities at remote sites. The Coast Guard operates several hundred unattended power systems at remote site communication stations, radio navigation stations, weather stations, and aids to navigation such as lighthouses, structures, and buoys. Stand alone fuel cell power systems offer efficiency and environmental advantages for remote site operation. The methanol fuel allows for simpler, more compact process equipment for FuelCell Energy's Direct FuelCell plant compared to other fuel sources. "This demonstration project by FuelCell Energy is the first application of fuel cells at a remote, unmanned site in a marine environment", said Walt Lincoln, project manager of the U.S. Coast Guard Research and Development Center. "We're interested in the potential of the fuel cell because of its promise of reduced maintenance and greater reliability compared to other systems." "In addition to the unattended applications for the Coast Guard, there are other potential remote power applications in operation around the world, such as pipeline monitoring, microwave relay stations, and numerous other communications and recreational uses that could be served by fuel cells," said Leitman. Using carbonate fuel cell technology, the DFC(R) power plant produces high efficiency energy through an electro-chemical reaction, rather than through combustion. This method of producing power gives energy users the option of producing electricity on site with the assurance of lower emissions, less noise and with shorter timeframes required for the permitting process. About FuelCell Energy, Inc. FuelCell Energy, Inc. - www.fce.com - formerly Energy Research Corp., is a leading developer of carbonate fuel cell technology for stationary power generation. The Company's Direct FuelCell technology eliminates external fuel processing to extract hydrogen from a hydrocarbon fuel. This results in a product whose cost, combined with high efficiency, simplicity and reliability, results in product advantages for stationary power generation. FuelCell Energy, based in Danbury, CT is developing Direct FuelCell(R) power plants with nominal ratings of 300 kW, 1.5 MW and 3 MW.. The Company has been developing DFC(R) technology for stationary power plants with the U.S. Department of Energy through the National Energy Technology Laboratory (NETL). The NETL's advanced fuel cell research program is focused on developing a new generation of high performance fuel cells that can generate clean electricity at power stations or in distributed locations near the customer, including hospitals, schools, data centers and other commercial and industrial applications. 
 Greetings,  Ok, I know I must be doing something wrong.  I either get a "wrong SAP number", or I end up on the HRonline website, with no Clickathomepilot options.  I'm using my HRonline password.  Any suggestions?  Thanks,  Kay 
 You have to admire the initiative!  Suzanne is adding your changes to the purchase agreement now.  Kay 
 I had a big lunch, so something light sounds good. 
 Kent,  There isn't anything attached that I can open.  Am I doing something wrong?  Kay 
 The word Suzanne heard is that they are moving everyone to the Enron Corp book in the somewhat near future.  They moved me there from EI when I transferred last March.  Kay 
 Hi there.  Hope all is well.      FuelCell files $250 million offering     By Matt Andrejczak, CBS.MarketWatch.com Last Update: 4:50 PM ET Nov 1, 2000 NewsWatch Latest headlines  WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- FuelCell Energy filed a shelf registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Wednesday to periodically sell up to $250 million of debt and equity securities.       Danbury, Conn.-based FuelCell (FCEL: news, msgs) said it would the proceeds to fund expansion of its manufacturing facilities and for working capital. Under a shelf offering, a company may sell debt, common or preferred stock from time to time, at varying prices and in separate transactions. FuelCell recently signed an agreement with a subsidiary of Enron (ENE: news, msgs) to jointly develop and market products for renewable energy and conservation programs. Shares of FuelCell closed down $4.44 to $72.13 in Wednesday trading. ? Matt Andrejczak is a reporter for CBS.MarketWatch.com.     ? 
 Please tell Paul it will probaby be 315 or so before we call, and confirm the correct number. Also, please let Lisa Bills know where we will be meeting, as she is planning on coming late to the meeting.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I need to do the unthinkable and read something else for a little while, so I thought I would send this to you as is.  Let me know if you want it redlined against something, and if so, which version.  Kay 
 ARTICLE X.  PERFORMANCE GUARANTEES AND ACCEPTANCE  =20 10.1   Performance Guarantees. Seller guarantees that each Unit will meet t= he=20 Performance Standards for Electrical Output, Efficiency, Water Consumption,= =20 Noise and Emissions as set forth in Section 10.2, when Performance Tests ar= e=20 conducted in accordance with the Performance Test Procedures.  10.2  Performance Standards. Each Unit shall meet Performance Standards as= =20 described in this Article and as set forth in the following table below in= =20 order to achieve Acceptance:  =092MW Power Plants=092.4MW Power Plants=093.0 MW Power Plants Electrical Output, kW=092000 kW=092400 kW=09 Heat Rate (LVH)=0948%=0948%=09 Water Consumption=09600 gal/h=09620 gal/h=09 Sound level=0965 dB(A) at 100 feet=0965 dB(A) at 100 feet=09 Emissions=09=09=09 Nox=09<1 ppmv=09<1 ppmv=09 SOx=09<0.1 ppmv=09<0.1 ppmv=09 CO=09<20 ppmv=09<20 ppmv=09 VOC=09<20 ppmv=09<20 ppmv=09 Particulates=09<100 mg/m3=09<100 mg/m3=09   10.2.1   Heat Rate Guarantee.  Seller guarantees that the Heat Rate as=20 measured for each of the Units=20 as demonstrated during the Performance Test, shall be __BTU/kWh. In the eve= nt=20 the Heat Rate exceeds the Minimum Heat Rate Guarantee, Seller shall take al= l=20 necessary actions to correct, retest the deficient Unit and cause the=20 deficient Unit to meet the Minimum Heat Rate Guarantee.  Failure to meet th= e=20 Heat Rate Guarantee shall prevent Acceptance, unless Purchaser explicitly= =20 waives this guarantee in writing. =20  10.3.2   Electrical Output Guarantee.  Seller guarantees that the Electrica= l=20 Output of each Unit as demonstrated in the  most recent Performance Test=20 shall be equal or greater than 2000 kW (for a 2.0 MW Unit), 2400 kW (for a= =20 2.4 MW) Unit, and 3000kW (for a 3.0 MW Unit). [Is this a net number?  Where= =20 is it measured?] =20 10.3.3   Emissions Guarantee. Seller guarantees that the emissions of the= =20 [Unit] for the above listed categories when the [Unit] is operated=20 [conditions?]  10.3.4   Water Consumption Guarantee.=20  10.3.5 [Sound Guarantee. Seller guarantees that the near field average=20 A-weighted sound pressure levels of the [Unit?  Facility?] shall not exceed= =20 65dB(a) 9referenced to 20 micropascals) when measured during the Performanc= e=20 Test at one and a half (1.5) meters above the ground level and one (1) mete= r=20 from the surface of the Equipment.]  10.3.6 Reliability.  10.4    Remedy for Failures to Meet Performance Guarantees.  Except as=20 specified in Section 10._] the failure to achieve the Performance Guarantee= s=20 by the Acceptance Deadline [to be defined] shall constitute a default under= =20 this Agreement, and Purchaser shall have the remedies specified in Article = [].  10.5   Testing.  10.5.1   Notice of Installation Completion; Conducting Tests. Seller shall= =20 deliver Notice to Purchaser that a Unit has achieved Installation Completio= n=20 so that the Unit is ready to be tested.  Within [fourteen (14) days] of=20 receipt of this Notice, Purchaser shall perform the Performance Tests in=20 accordance with the Performance Test Procedure; however, Purchaser shall no= t=20 be required to conduct Performance Tests prior to [] days from the Delivery= =20 Date, or date of actual delivery, whichever is latest. Purchaser shall give= =20 Seller five (5) days notice of the time of the Performance Tests. Seller=20 shall be present or to have a representative present at the Performance=20 Tests, and shall provide technical advice during the tests; however,=20 Purchaser may at its option conduct the test without Seller, assuming notic= e=20 was properly given in accordance with this section.  10.5.2   Test Results. Performance Tests shall be conducted on a unit-by-un= it=20 basis. Upon the completion of each Performance Test Purchaser will issue a= =20 Performance Test Certificate setting forth the results achieved during such= =20 test.  In the case of multiple Performance Tests on a Unit, performance sha= ll=20 be measured by the most recent Performance Test.  10.5.3   Costs of  Retests.  If one or more additional Acceptance Tests are= =20 required doe to the failure of a Unit to pass its Acceptance Test, Seller= =20 will bear the additional costs (if any) incurred by Purchaser [in excess of= =20 those costs normally associated with operating the Unit]. Such additional= =20 costs may include, but not be limited to, cost of testing, instrumentation,= =20 fuel, consumable spare parts, and additional personnel required to conduct= =20 the tests.  10.6   Acceptance.  Upon the successful completion of the Performance Test= =20 for a Unit, Seller shall submit a Performance Test Certificate to Purchaser= =20 indicating that a Unit has achieved the Performance Standards and it ready= =20 for Acceptance.  Purchaser shall within ten  (10) days of receipt of such= =20 Performance Test Certificate, either sign such certificate acknowledging=20 concurrence or reject such certificate specifically stating the reasons for= =20 such rejection. Acceptance for each Unit (and its associated Equipment) sha= ll=20 occur upon the issuance of the Performance Test Certificate by Purchaser as= a=20 result of the Unit having met the Performance Guarantees.  Acceptance of th= e=20 each Unit to be installed in a Facility shall occur when all of the followi= ng=20 have occurred:=20  (a) the issuance of a Performance Test Certificate by Purchaser as a result= =20 of a Performance Test indicating that the final Unit has met the Performanc= e=20 Standards;  (b) all completion of training  and the delivery of O & M Manuals and speci= al=20 tools required hereunder shall have occurred;  (c) Seller has delivered to Purchaser a waiver of liens in form as shown in= =20 Exhibit-S that have been or could have been placed upon the Equipment and= =20 that there are no outstanding claims of Seller or any Vendor with respect t= o=20 the Equipment for that particular Facility;  (d) all of the Units in the Facility have achieved Installation Completion.= =20 [and there are no punch list items remaining to be completed.]  10.7 Obligation to Improve Performance.  If the Performance Test should=20 indicate that a Unit has met the Specific Performance Guarantees but not th= e=20 Guaranteed Performance Criteria, then for a period of ninety (90) days=20 following the Performance Test Seller shall have the obligation to use=20 reasonable efforts to improve performance so that the Guaranteed  Performan= ce=20 Criteria are met. Such efforts shall be at Seller=01,s sole cost and risk.= =20 Performance Tests shall be conducted in accordance with this Article. =20  10.8    Reduced Purchase Amount for Failing to Meet Guaranteed Performance= =20 Levels.  Should the Performance Test of a Unit demonstrate that the Unit ha= s=20 met the Performance Standards except for the Electrical Output Performance= =20 Standard, the Purchase Amount related to that Unit shall be reduced by the= =20 percent by which the Unit fails to meet the Power Output/kW Performance=20 Standard, so long as the Unit has achieved ninety percent of the guaranteed= =20 level. Seller shall within 30 days refund any prior payment received for th= e=20 Unit in excess of the reduced Purchase Amount. 
 I will be impressed if they can close by July 15, when they don't have their financing lined up on May 18.  Oh well.  I'll send the assignment doc to JS via email.  Ben, I'll be down shortly.  Kay 
 Scott/Stephen, I'm trying to summarize the essence of these performance guarantees, similiar to what I have for heat rate.  I'm sure I've got something on output and probably reliability, but can you give me a thumb nail sketch of what we are looking for on the rest?  10.3.1   Heat Rate Guarantee.  Seller guarantees that the Heat Rate as measured for each of the Units as demonstrated during the Performance Test, shall be __BTU/kWh. In the event the Heat Rate exceeds the Minimum Heat Rate Guarantee, Seller shall take all necessary actions to correct, retest the deficient Unit and cause the deficient Unit to meet the Minimum Heat Rate Guarantee.  Failure to meet the Heat Rate Guarantee shall prevent Acceptance, unless Purchaser explicitly waives this guarantee in writing.  {we have a definition of heat rate}  10.3.2   Electrical Output Guarantee.  10.3.3   Emissions Guarantee.  10.3.4   Water Consumption Guarantee.  10.3.5 Sound Guarantee.  10.3.6 Reliability.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Sounds right.  I'll tell Barbara. 
 Perfect. 
 You don't need to re-number the definitions yet.  Thanks,   Kay 
 Sheila went to these. I believe they cover the activities related to the development of the various site.  I'm on a conference call or I would have called.  Kay 
 Please call Ben Jacoby and see if we can push our meeting to 230.  Please advise Stuart that I'm planning to meet with Ben at 230, and invite him to join.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Scott,  I have these questions:  What do we mean by configuration?  We are telling them that we will give them the configuration by date x, but I'm not sure what we mean.  What was decided on spare parts, if anything?  I know it is repetitive, but could you email me a basic timeline of what you see as the key dates for site designation, shipping, anything else you can think of?  I've started a timeline but would like to cross check.  I was hoping to have it done before noon, but the 930 conference call will impact that.  I have a meeting this afternoon from 230 until 500 or so, so I'm trying to get done before then.  Thanks,  Kay 
 This looks like it belongs in the specs.  What do you think?  Kay 
 Do you have Thomas Heatherington's card (Bracewell guy)?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please prepare a bcc on the Siemens letter as indicated below. 
 Hi Dale,  We are meeting with GE tomorrow to talk about this.  Please let me know if you have any suggestions or comments.  Ditto on the ABB agreement which I forwarded not too long ago.  Kay 
 Your list is very close to mine.  I'm making a list as I go back through the draft, so I'll update when I get through.  Kay 
 Probably wouldn't hurt.  Tell him I'll be on for another hour.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I see Ben keeps calling me.  Any idea what's up?  I probably have another 30 minutes on this call. 
 Enron: Withdrawing 300 MW From Summer Peaking Program Wednesday, November 1, 2000 02:18 PM    ?Mail this article to a friend  (Corrected 1:59 pm)  NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--In response to new California power market rules proposed Wednesday by the U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, Enron Corp (ENE, news, msgs) has canceled some new generator projects it was discussing with the state's electric grid operator, Enron said. The generators that are no longer financially feasible would have amounted to 300 megawatts of new generation installed in California next spring, Enron said. The company, however, continues to negotiate other new generator projects with the California Independent System Operator. The FERC Wednesday proposed limiting the California Power Exchange's price setting mechanism to $150 a megawatt-hour. The preliminary order could become a federal mandate by the end of the year, after the FERC takes comments from the public, or it could be modified. Enron and 13 other companies, meanwhile, are in final negotiations with the ISO for the new peaking capacity for next summer. The ISO plans to pay a total of $255 million a year for three years to the power companies for installing the new generators, which the power companies will own. In addition, California's three investor-owned utilities would pay the generators for any electricity the new generators produce. Pricing for the power would likely be based on the daily price set by the state-chartered CalPX. "There's too much uncertainty that we would be able to recover the cost associated with those specific projects. For the purposes of making capital commitments, we view this as a $150 price cap," Enron's Mark Palmer said. Earlier Wednesday, the ISO's chief operating officer, Terry Winter, expressed concern that FERC's proposed new rules could jeopardize some of the projects. FERC's proposals Wednesday are the result of a two-month investigation of California's wholesale electricity market, where prices this summer were three times what they were a year earlier. To meet the state's rising demand for power, California's three utilities have paid billions of dollars more than anticipated to independent power producers in order to keep the lights on. By Mark Golden, Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-4604; mark.golden@dowjones.com Quote for referenced ticker symbols: EIX, ENE, PCG, SRE  , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 CST.  That was right, right?  I'm going to have the outside lawyer involved for the purpose of turning the revised draft, so long as you don't have an objection (objecting=volunteering to turning the next draft!)  Kay 
 Please print the blackline for me.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Gentlemen:  Attached is a draft of the facility agreement, without reference to WestLB. It just came in, so I haven't reviewed it.  It looks like 330 tomorrow will work for this group, unless you tell me otherwise.  I'll get back to you with the location.  Kay 
 A call works.  It will be the Enron commercial lead (Ben Jacoby), Stuart Zisman, the GE commercial lead and the GE lawyer.  It is about the contract he prepared (although now I wonder).  If he prefers to have whoever will be doing the drafting, that's fine, too.  Kay 
 Is the October 13, rev 3 the final version?  Kay 
 Let me tell, that is one 225 pound pitiful soul when he is sick.  He has a head cold, so he is going home to go to  bed.  He will sigh and  moan, and carry on like you wouldn't believe.  He will be incapable of discussing anything other than how he feels. 
 I don't remember this one.  Kay 
 Hi John,  Karen Jones in Portland has been working on it for ENA.  I don't know the status.  Kay 
 At 330 please get Sarah and Heather Brown (Bracewell) on the phone for me, then I'll get Gregg.  Thanks,  kay 
 Gregg,  Sorry, I thought Suzanne had confirmed it. We are on for 330.  I can call you.  Kay 
 Suzanne,  Please call (not email - he doesnt check it) Paul Pipitone (Andrews & Kurth) and see if he is available for a meeting (or conference call) to discuss the GE facility agreement sometime tomorrow - either am or after 300.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's my little bit of info:  GE (S & S) - I've spoken with Lee Johnson (commercial lead) and have traded voice mails with Kent Shoemaker regarding the project specific turbine contracts.  I'm requesting a meeting with them on Thursday to iron our details.    I requested a revised draft this week (from Andrews & Kurth), but have not received it yet.  ABB - I've swapped calls with Mike Sandrige (their commercial lead) about it, but haven't connected.  The contract is more straight forward, so problems are not expected.  Initial draft of the project specific contracts has been prepared.  Blue Dog - Is that GE equipment? Sheila may have someone she wants to work on it.  If not, I can fit it in since it relates to what I'm working on with the GE contracts.  Austin - this is Stuart's project.  Kay 
 Doug,  Here's the revised CA.  I highlighted the changed terms.  In addition, I deleted the prior paragraph 11 which said that the agreement supercedes a prior CA.  I don't know if the InterGen indentity and signatory are the same,  but obviously I left that for you to determine.  I expect that the Enron entity which will bid will be EPMI, so I used that entity.    I beefed up the definition of confidential information due to the complexity of the issues, and I added 6 months to  the term since things won't get cranked up for a while.  I look forward to talking to you at your convenience.  Have a good weekend.  Kay 
 Here are the form exhibits, as we discussed:    Kay 
 I left a check in the top drawer (the one with the key)  Kay 
 I'm going to write a $50 check to charity (juvenille diabetes) if that's ok with you.  Kay 
 Kinda of like a Mary in a Bathtub, only different.  ckm 
 I forgot about the fence.  I'm still planning on leaving early - maybe 430 or earlier. Can you leave early, too?  Michael wanted to do something with the spider web.  I would offer to pick Michael up, but I'm not sure that I would beat you if I left at 430 and you left at 500.  Love,  ckm 
 We want to have an internal conference call at 330 (instato discuss the enovate intercompany loans, and address any issues raised by the Enron commercial/financial team.  I don't know the substance of the comments.  Kay 
 The loan documents you prepared. 
 Suzanne is going to track down Heather, then will call you to confirm if 330 works.  Kay 
 1)The cybergoblins ate the attachment. 2) OK 3) Which Peoples is it?  Also, I think enovate should sign at CA. 4)  I sent Heather an email re her availability.  There's a bunch of construction near downtown, so I would hesitate to commit to an early call, but I know I'm free after 300 tomorrow.  Kay 
    Gore good for health-care, fuel cells     By Deborah Adamson, CBS.MarketWatch.com Last Update: 9:36 AM ET Oct 31, 2000 NewsWatch Latest headlines  NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - As Election Day nears, a key question confronting investors is how each presidential candidate will affect the stock market. At no other time in U.S. history is such a question so pertinent, with about half of all households owning equities. In this article, CBS.MarketWatch.com identifies sectors that will get a boost under an Al Gore presidency. On Wednesday, we'll examine the impact if George W. Bush wins. See our full election coverage.            Today on CBS MarketWatch Nasdaq stages early rally; Dow gains NTT DoCoMo said eyeing AT&T Wireless stake European bourses bouyed by chemicals, industrial shares Calandra: Broadband's luster dims Stocks in broad advance across Asia More top stories... CBS MarketWatch Columns Updated: 10/31/2000 9:37:46 AM?ET     First, a caveat: Despite the campaign rhetoric, analysts said, a president has less direct impact on the stock market than do the economic cycle, the stock market cycle, the oil cartel, the global economy, the strength of the U.S. dollar, interest rates and many other influences. As such, giving any administration sole or main credit for a bull or bear market would be misleading. Where the government has greater influence is in such things as military spending and, more critically, the choice of Fed chairman, said Arnold Kaufman, editor of the S&P Outlook, an investment publication published by Standard & Poor's. Investors also should remember that campaign promises don't always work out. That said, analysts have identified sectors that either could benefit under Gore, or that historically have done well under Democrats. Capital goods If Democrats live up to their "big spender" image, Kaufman said, expect a rise in infrastructure spending. That means an impact on the communications and transportation, among other sectors. His favorite stocks here include Sanmina Corp. (SANM: news, msgs), a maker of electronic components for equipment makers, and Tyco (TYC: news, msgs), a diversified electronics and industrial company. Sanmina makes electronic components and cables for equipment manufacturers in the communications, industrial, medical and high-speed computer markets. Last week, Merrill Lynch chose Sanmina as one of top 10 tech stocks that are expected to outperform in the next six to 12 months. In the fourth quarter, Sanmina's earnings before one-time charges more than doubled from the like period in 1999, beating Wall Street's consensus estimate by 10 cents. Revenue almost doubled to $1.27 billion. Company profile, latest financials, and analysts' ratings. Tyco sells to the telecommunications, electronics, health-care, industrial goods and fire and security services markets. Tyco recently completed the acquisition of Mallinckrodt, a specialty medical products maker, boosting its position in the respiratory care arena. Fourth-quarter earnings before extraordinary items rose by 40 percent to $1.1 billion, or 64 cents a share, from a year ago. Sales went up by 25 percent to $7.8 billion. Company profile, latest financials, and analysts' ratings. Earlier this month, Legg Mason raised its rating on Tyco to "buy" from "market performance." Elizabeth Mackay, chief investment strategist at Bear Stearns, includes Tyco on her recommended list. Mortgage lenders A Gore presidency could end an action by some lawmakers to sever these lenders' lines of credit from the U.S. Treasury, said Erik Gustafson, senior portfolio manager for Liberty Growth Stock fund. The argument for severance is that these congressionally chartered lenders have an unfair advantage over other banking and mortgage lenders. In addition, the SEC's new fair disclosure regulation can be expected to boost companies with reliable earnings growth, according to Bear Stearns. Stocks expected to do well in this environment include Fannie Mae (FNM: news, msgs) and Freddie Mac (FRE: news, msgs), Bear Stearns said. Fannie Mae, or the Federal National Mortgage Association, and Freddie Mac, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp., buy conventional home mortgages from banks and mortgage bankers and sells them as securities. Fannie Mae: Company profile, latest financials, and analysts' ratings. Freddie Mac: Company profile, latest financials, and analysts' ratings. Health care providers An increase in government spending on Medicare should boost stocks in this sector. Warren Isabelle, president of Ironwood Capital Management, likes nursing home operator Beverly Enterprises (BEV: news, msgs). Last week, ING Barings raised its rating on Beverly Enterprises to "buy" from "hold." Beverly Enterprises recently reported a second-quarter profit, reversing a loss from 1999. The company's business is improving because of increased revenue from Medicare and Medicaid. However, Beverly has taken a hit lately because it's adding $50 million to its reserves for patient liability costs for 2000. Alternative energy sources In his book, "Earth in the Balance," Gore called for the gradual elimination of the internal combustion engine and espoused other environmental beliefs. As such, alternative energy stocks should do well under his presidency, specifically fuel cell companies, said Jim Lowell, chief portfolio strategist for Adviser Investments Management. One stock he likes is FuelCell Energy (FCEL: news, msgs). FuelCell develops electrochemical technologies that generate electricity without combustion. Last week, Friedman Billings Ramsey raised its rating on Fuelcell to "accumulate," following Chase H&Q's upgrade to "buy" earlier in the month. FuelCell also has allied with Enron (ENE: news, msgs) to develop and sell FuelCell's Direct FuelCel products. Enron has invested $5 million in the company. Company profile, latest financials, analysts' ratings. What about tech stocks? Here, analysts have mixed feelings. Kaufman believes both candidates would be good for the sector in general, but Gustafson disagrees, citing the worsening of the regulatory environment in the last eight years and the antitrust action against Microsoft (MSFT: news, msgs). Lowell thinks Gore's impact would be neutral to negative, but analyst Safa Rashtchy of US Bancorp Piper Jaffray said the Democrat could be good for Net stocks. Gore vs. Bush portfolios Thus far, Gore is ahead of Bush, based on a basket of stocks pegged to each candidate's possible presidency. Since Sept. 1, Lisa Kammert, an analyst at Birinyi Associates, has been tracking two portfolios comprising 12 stocks each that would do well under Gore or Bush. As of Monday, Gore's portfolio has outperformed Bush's by 4.43 percent, based on a simple average of each stock's return. In 1992, the same model accurately predicted a Clinton win. In the Gore portfolio are Amazon.com, Yahoo, Citigroup, Bank of America, Disney, Time Warner, BellSouth, Duke Energy, Tenet Healthcare, Procter & Gamble, Coca-Cola and Waste Management. In Bush's basket are IBM, Microsoft, Exxon Mobil, Transocean Sedco, Merrill Lynch, Bristol Myers, W.R. Grace, Beazer Homes, Philip Morris and Boeing. Going into the last week before the election, Gore has outpaced Bush most of the time since Sept. 1. As for job growth, a study by executive recruiter Challenger, Gray & Christmas indicates that a Gore administration would boost employment for the mass transit sector, education, health care, construction (homes and schools), agriculture, lawyers, insurance, law enforcement, commercial banking and forestry.? 
 Works for me.  We are leaving to check in to the hotel, then back.  I had to cancel manicure/pedicure ( and charged for it)  A hint that a gift certificate for same would work might be appropriate. 
 I'm working through the "agent for" issue, and thought I would share the info.  I've asked our local counsel for  a bit more direct answer (ie, his opinion).  Kay 
 Did Steve S ask that it be added to the list?  I would let them bring it up if he didn't.  We spent quite a bit of time and effort on the LOL clause, and it was subject to lots of give and take.  Kay 
 Kinda spooky since they are a technology driven company! 
 We've swapped voice mails.  I suspect I'll hear from him this am.  Kay 
 They should now have at least 3 emails with the contract.  I suspect they may have 4.  I'll know next time!  Kay 
 What does your schedule look like Wednesday am?  Thanks,  Kay 
 They have received it but not opened it yet.  Kay 
 Once again.... 
 Ross,  The email was sent last night, with no indication that it did not go through.  Must be the cybergoblins.  I will resend PLUS attach the documents to this reply.     Kay 
 Gentlemen,  Here's the most recent version of the equipment contract.  I am including a ComparRite redline version, comparing this version to the Oct 11 version sent by Enron.    I look forward to speaking with you soon,  Kay 
 By the way, Bryant's bill should go to Marchris, not you.  Marchris will know that. 
 SU was fun, but there was  a little incident with a streaker (more like a stroller on stage).  Otherwise, it was great.  Paige did really well, and she was front and center for most of their act.  I don't know what we are going to do about Thanksgiving.  Neil and I are negotiating. I neglected to discuss it with Paige this weekend, of course. It is hard to believe it is only a few weeks away.  Michael and I are both better, although he didn't get better until Friday night.  Hi to all!  Love,  Kay 
 I may be able to back up Bart if he has a problem.  I have a conference call scheduled but it is likely to reschedule until later in the day.  Kay 
 Well, once again I'm messed up on my calendar.  I thought you were going to be in FW a couple more days.  Michael tried callling yesterday (I think it was yesterday), but of course we missed.  I think I'm in town this week (cross fingers).  I was home with Michael three days last week - we both had strep, but he was worse.  His fever didn't break for a couple of days, so I had to cancel my trip to San Antonio to join Neil at his officer's meeting.  I did make it to Georgetown, and had a nice time with Paige. We are hoping for cooler weather soon.  It is muggy!  Tell Dad hi, and happy fishing.  Love,  Kay 
 Hi Charlotte,  I'm not sure what we are doing at Thanksgiving, but at the most we might go to Palacios, which means that we would be gone no  more than Thursday and maybe Friday night.  I haven't talked to Paige about her schedule yet, but I know we need to get organized. Also, I think Michael is out of school that Wednesday.  Again, I need to check.  More to come.  As for tomorrow (BOO), we forgot to watch for sundown.  I know, that is hard to believe.  We will update tomorrow!  Kay 
 Hi Kathleen,  Is the Peoples confidentiality agreement moving closer to the top of the list?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I didn't get your fax last week.  I was out sick so I didn't call Shirley. Could you resend it?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Mr. Keffer,  Asking this crowd to vote was like throwing chum to sharks.  Kay 
 Hi John,  Sorry I missed your call last week.  I was out ill.  I'll give you a call once I dig out from under the paper.  Kay 
 I was out sick Wed-Fri, but now I'm back.  Kay 
 Can't think of anyone. 
 Carlos, you have much  wisdom for such a young buckeroo.  If Debbie can't decide and if you can't use the PaperCity photo (it realy is a good pic), I'd go with the first one.  I must say that all of them look pretty, well, serious.  Kinda Gore-like, you know.  Ok, that was a low blow.  I was just kidding!!  Kay 
 I'm checking your desk for pom-poms.  ckm 
 Dear Mr. Schrum,  I attended Sing! last night to watch and support my daughter perform with her Tri Delta friends.  I enjoyed the performances of the various groups, which were within the bounds of what I expected.  Unfortunately, I am not writing to tell you how much I enjoyed it.  I'm writing  you to encourage the administration to not take lightly the indecent exposure incident which occured in the second act.   The act was beyond offensive, it was criminal, especially in light of the young children present.  During the first act, I was sitting on the first row, and there were 4 young children sitting in the front.  In fact,  at the end of the first act I had regretted that I had not brought Paige's six year old brother to watch her perform.  I cannot tell you how glad I am that I did not bring Michael.   Even I was offended, and I'm a forty-two year old lawyer (we don't offend easily) who was in a sorority at UT.  I was glad I had moved back at intermission to sit with my daughter for the second act.  Again, I urge you to not view this as an act of youthful indiscretion. It was offensive to the individuals present, and degrading to a fine university which prides itself on "encouraging contributions toward the well-being of humanity".  My husband, Neil, who was a Pike at SU in the seventies, joins me in this request.  Thank you,  Kay Mann 29 Inverness Parkway Houston, Texas 77055 
 You might want to request ComparRite, just in case it comes up again. There's isn't any problem getting - both Suz and I have it.  Have a good weekend.  Kay 
 You'll be happy to know that it didn't take long. 
 Water is just as liquid as gas.  So to speak. 
 I'm just now printing it out (takes about 15 minutes), but I'm fine with sending out the redline.  Kay 
 I had heard that the big E bought out the minority investors last summer. Hadn't seen this coming.  So what's next for Azurix? 
 Sorry I lost my temper.  I guess I'm not accustomed to being transferred to someone else to get things done.  No reason to lose my temper, though.  Kay 
 She compared the wrong versions.  I'll try again. 
 Hi there.  I have not received my password yet.  Do I use the one from the end of 2000?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Neil left town yesterday.  I can't really complain since he rarely travels. However, he is welcome to pamper upon his return!  Kay 
 Thanks.  Who was able to do it?  Kay 
 This is suitable for framing. 
 Never a dull moment!  It is hard to get deals done at Enron, which as shareholders we should probably be glad. Chicago is only slightly more difficult because of the utility angle - and mind set.  Michael's temperature STILL hasn't gone done.  And of course, now the weekend is coming.  I guess it is time to call the doctor again.  And you!  Kay 
 Gloria,  I need to have a redline generated by Comparwrite, as I don't have it loaded locally.  The original document is in my Fuel Cell/Equipment contract file, and has the same name as the one below, only it is dated October11 (I believe rev 2).  The new document is the one below.  Please save the redline verision in the same directory, and email the redlined document to me, Heather Kroll, Scott Healy, and Stephen Plauche ASAP.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I changed the plant stuff around, swapping most of them for Facility.  I think it is a bit more clear now.  Let me know what else needs to be done.    I'll be leaving in around 1230 to buy a bribe, I mean pumpkin, but we won't be gone long.  Kay 
 Sorry to hear about this weekend.  It is kind of sad that Mary Susan doesn't have other options for her birthday.  Not that you guys aren't fun....  Michael and I've been home with strep since Wednesday.  He hasn't gotten better, but I have. So, I'm not going to San Antonion, just heading for GTown tomorrow.  I haven't decided whether I'm taking Michael. If he is feeling better, I'll leave him with his sitter, Charlotte.  Since he has been ill, I'll probably head back to Houston EARLY on Sunday, and won't wait for Paige to get up.  Sorry it didn't work out with girls, but I understand.  Love,  Kay 
 Yes.  If you called 713 973 6325, it is the number my computer is on.  I'll log off before 1000 so you can call on that number when you are ready.  Kay 
 Here's today's version.  Michael is still running a fairly high fever, so it would be a big help if we can talk via phone.    Kay 
 FYI 
 Karen Jones (in Portland) and Sheila Tweed have been working on just the same thing, so I'm forwarding your request to them.  Kay 
 Hi Charlotte,  Poor thing woke up with 101.6.  He isn't getting any worse, which means the medicine is doing something, but it  just hasn't done the trick yet.  I'll give him his sixth dose of medicine in a minute.  I just can't take him to school until he is better. I would like to hold the option open to bring him in the am.  Once the medicine kicks in, he will bounce back quickly.  Kay 
 Michael is still running 102 fever.  I spoke to the doctor again today, and he said that Michael had a pretty good bit of strep.  I'm feeling better, though, and have gotten a decent amount of work done.  In fact, Christy Chapman may give you some original documents I initialled and faxed to her. I'll explain later.  If I had your fax number I think I would have faxed them to you.  Have a great day tomorrow.  Kay 
 Looks fine to me.  Kay 
 By the way, did they ever get the acknowledgments taken care of? 
 Charlotte,  Michael hasn't bounced back yet - still getting fever up to 102.  I spoke with Delores, and she said Rey said that Michael had a pretty good dose of strep, so it will take 6 doses of medicine to get it under control.  I'll see how he is in the early am, but I may not take him to school, just so I can watch him another few hours.  If you will be at your office tomorrow I'll let you know how he's doing.  Maybe I can leave on Saturday.  I know he will be very upset if he doesn't get to spend time with you this weekend.  Kay 
 Michael probably won't be at school tomorrow, unless he really perks up quickly. However, I was thinking of bringing him up there to get his picture taken, if he feels up to it.  Do you think there would be a problem with that?  Any idea when and where I should take him?  Thanks!  Kay  713 973 6325 
 Here's the final final final.  I had to put in a page break before one of the exhibits because it wasn't printing right. 
 Any problem if I add signature lines on the last page of the document (prior to the exhibits)?  I can do that.  ckm 
 Sounds good.  The email was a good idea, also. 
 It will take me awhile to find it.  Please ask Linda Simmons. 
 I'm working on it now.  Maybe we (Enron) could review it tomorrow morning, then send it to FCE.  I can meet around 10:00.  That way, we can get it to them in time for weekend review.  Does that work?  Kay 
 It is less complicated for me to initial and fax than to track down someone who doesn't know anything about it and get them to initial it.  I can print it here, initial it, and fax it to whomever you want.  Plus, I work with Janet a lot so she may get some comfort from that, instead of having a lawyer she hasn't dealt with initial it.  She is very conscientious about what she signs, and who initials what.  Is the attached form the final final form?  Where and to whom do you want it faxed?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm still at home.  I'll be in tomorrow.  I have a fax machine at home, though, if you prefer.  Otherwise, we can see who we can scare up at the office, or you can have Laura sign and I'll initial later.  Which do you prefer?  Kay 
 If Jeff is happy, I'm happy.  Kay 
 FYI.  I had previously asked Paul to revise the LM contract to remove all of the references to WestLB.  Kay 
 Hi Dale,  I thought I'd send this along.  It is the first draft of the "break out" contract for the ABB transformers which go with the LM's.  I thought Sheila told me that your stuff is in immediate need to getting this and the LM break out in shape.  This has not been reviewed with ABB yet (in fact, I haven't read it yet), but just in case you want to give it a look, I thought I would pass it along.  Kay 
 Hi Rose,  I'm home sick with a sick kid, but I wanted to make sure you got this little bit of info.  Kay 
 Hi Stuart,  I'm home sick (and with my sick son) again today, but wanted to get this to you.  Kay 
 Will do. 
 He hasn't left yet, but I'll remind him.  Michael gets his school picture taken tomorrow.  Carol Junell takes the pcitures there.  She did our first family portrait after Michael was born.  Kay 
 Fairley loves Bill Bryant.  However, Bill have given us some bad advice re: Florida siting act.  Marchris has the authority to hire who he wants to on regulatory side, but I wouldn't touch him for deal counsel.  Sheila has details.  Kay 
 That would be great.  We can leave his "stuff" by the front door.  I know he will have things he wants to bring to show you.  Michael asked me for advice yesterday.  ("Mom, I have a problem...").  He now has 2 girlfriends, Ashley plus a new one, Marilyn.  He was torn.  He decided to stick with Ashley. Oh, the problems of a 6 year old!!  Michael is very excited about the weekend.  He just doesn't think it will be long enough!!  Thanks for everything,  Kay 
 Hi Charlotte,  I'm glad you wrote, as I was going to write you.  Michael has strep (as do I), so he and I are home today.  He is on two antibiotics which he takes twice a day.  I'm trying to figure out how to get these to you, since these have to be refrigerated.  Obviously, if Michael isn't doing great I won't go.  Currently, he feels fine, and only feels bad when he has fever. He woke up with fever again this am, but the fever should go away after 24 hours on the antibiotics.  Just let me know if you aren't comfortable with  the situation.  I can always leave on Saturday, or not at all.  Michael's doctor is Rey Calderon 713 520 9550.  His wife (and assistant) is Delores, and they are wonderful about returning calls, etc.  We will be staying at the Hyatt Hill Country Resort, 210 647 1234. Saturday night I will be staying in Round Rock (going to Paige's homecoming in Georgetown), but Neil will still be at the Hyatt.  Michael says hi, by the way.  He is watching me type this.  Kay 
 Sounds like a good plan.  I can't wait to hear how it went in Danbury. Sounds like the CRRA meeting went well.  Kay 
 Sc ott, I'm planning on taking your emails and revising the current draft to create a new one.  Your points were very well thought out, so I would like to have the day to get a new draft.  It looks like I will be at home tomorrow since I'm still not feeling well, but I certainly feel well enough to work on the contract.  Perhaps we will get some input from our team in Conn. gang by noon.  How does this sound?  Stephen, Feel free to weigh in with any comments/suggestions.  Your  input is welcome.   Kay  PS I can now print at home. 
 Sounds good.  I'm home with strep (mine and my son's), so I'll catch up tomorrow.  Kay 
 SZ really grows on you, doesn't he?  Just like Carlos.  Neil leaves tomorrow.  He was out ONE night last week.  I am encouraging him to get a hunting lease.  He thinks I'm very supportive. 
 Poor Carlos.  He is almost pitiful.  I think it is a great idea to watch for a good networking opportunity.  I'm off on Friday, too.  In fact, both Michael and I have strep throat and spent the day at home.  I'll probably be in no more than 1/2 day tomorrow. Is Norman still out of town?  Will you have the house ALL to yourself?  Kay 
 Scott,  Your question #2 raises a good point. My thought in bracketing the name is optionality.  I'm trying to be aware of potential balance sheet issues.  As you know, if this contract ends up in such shape that it can be construed as a committment to purchase equipment, we will need to cross the balance sheet bridge.  As far as I know, we have not ruled out that possibility, as well as the possibility that ENA or an affilate may be the EPC contractor, or somehow in the title chain. I was thinking that if we use an LLC we have the option to see .he equity in an LLC holding the contractual rights/obligations (for financing purposes or otherwise).  In that case, we may want to use an LLC instead of messing with an assignment later.  I am very interested in your insight concerning possible structures, and what we need to keep in mind.  Kay 
 Claude,  Could you please fax this to Heather?  You might want to call her to make sure she is still at McCary's office.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'll be glad to handle it so long as it doesn't have to be done this week, as I have strep throat (Michael and I got a group rate at the peditricians' office.) Who should I contact?  Kay 
 Hi KC,  It would be a big help if you could take the NorthWestern guaranty sig pages to Marissa after D Duran has signed them.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Barbara,  I'm on the phone with the GE folks right now, as we have a standing conference call with them every Wednesday at 130.  I'm familiar with the people and the contractual terms at issue, and will be happy to discuss it.  Kay 
 you can open it and hold it.  I know what it is. 
 The appointment with the pediatrician is at 1100.  I catch up with you later today.  Kay 
 888 285 4585  host code 121970 
 I'm getting ready to take Michael to the pediatrician, so it depends on how long that takes.  I'll find the instructions and email them to you.  If I'm not on there but Kent is, could you let him know I really need to talk to hiim?  Thanks  Kay 
 Good.  That lets me massage it, review my notes, and perhaps even read it!  Kay 
 Here's a redline against our previous draft.  There are lots of holes, in large part due to the significant commercial issues still open and some of FCE's input due on the language to be used.  I'm also not finished with the project management/scheduling stuff, but I wanted you to get a chance to look at it forthwith.  Scott, I've printed off your emails and will incorporate your input.  I don't know when we want to give FuelCells a draft, but I'm going to keep working on this one.  Kay 
 Here's what they suggested (yes I'm working, I can do two things at once)  There is a rule of halves - you can give half to your kids, you get medicaid when the retained half runs out.  There is probably a time period you can do this.  Kay 
 Please print and fax to me at home.  Thanks 
 Herman,  I mentioned the bridge loan, and Ben was concerned that it might be difficult to get that done before the end of Q2.  A topic for Friday.  Kay 
 Please print and fax to me at 713 973 0287.  I'll forward a couple more I need faxed.  Thanks  Kay 
 Why not.  You can tell how much Michael seems to be enjoying school. 
 How's Annie doing?  Has she seen her regular (sigh) orthopod yet?  Do the girls (and I guess you grown ups can probably go, too) want to go to SU? Are the young ladies interested in spending the night?  I'm home with Michael (the 102 fever drill), working at home.  Hi to all!  Love,  Kay  PS  Thanks for the traffic tip.  Do the games last about 4 hours?  I can't remember. 
 More questions:  We have two different levels of guarantee values.  We have the specific performance levels, which if not met can result in termination, etc.  This includes emissions, electrical output, heat rate, water (consumption and discharge).  Will all of these have  more stringent guaranteed levels that FCE will have to work to try to fix?  I'm assuming there are no sound issues.  Thanks again,  Kay 
 If it is ok with you I'll let you know in a little bit. 
 Maybe it is viral.  I haven't really looked because I want Rey to see him since we are leaving town, so my opinion isn't as important.  He is starting to slow just a little.  He ate a good breakfast, but he is getting quieter.  ckm 
 Hi.  Don't forget you can reach me by email.  Good catch on the fever this am!  Love,  Kay 
 Hi Scott,  I have some questions:  The obligation to try to improve performance  about the specific performance (ie minimum) standards frequently has a time limit, say 6 months.  Do you have a sense for the appropriate time period here?  Would it make sense to require them to work longer on the first 2.0 and 2.4 than the rest?  Will we have a drawing number for a standard foundation design, or will we need to put words around it.  I know we discussed the need for pilings as the most significant change.  Do you think that this difference is enough?  Did I understand that we want them to pay us at the end for non-standard foundations (as opposed to a credit).  On termination, are we going with the average value no matter what the reason for termination, with a rep along the lines of whay you wrote, plus some monitoring ability.  On assignment, they mentioned a corporate guaranty.  I was thinking of using something broader due to various financing/balance sheet considerations, perhaps tying it to a guaranty from a BBB rated entity.  Do we want an option to have them store these, which would then impact payment?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Gregg,  I'm home with my sick son this am.  (It was one of those 102 plus fevers at 430 this morning.)  I've asked the temp assistant to have my enovate stuff sent out so we can get some work done.  Talk to you later,  Kay 
 Hi Scott,  It is a sick kid day (I'm guessing strep, with the 102 plus fever). Fortunately, I have most of what I need to get a draft of the equipment contract turned.  I'll email it later.  Kay 
 Herman/Billy,  This is still very early in the process, but some thought as to structure options for earning recognition might be worthwhile.  Kay 
 Hope it is going well out there.  Michael is sick (I'm guessing strep), so I'll be calling in from home today.  Kay 
 Hi Kathy,  I know I owe you a phone call.  I'm home with a sick kid today.  Please email me your number and I'll give you a call.  I can't believe I've forgotten it.  So how are you doing with the EECC changes?  Kay 
 Let's aim for Thursday am.  I'll get back to you later today.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Ok.  When are you available to discuss how to deal with the various issues we need to address to get this wrapped up?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I thought you would enjoy this.  And I didn't make any comments about being right about not going to a MEGA university. 
 YEAH!!!!  Something I can put on the list and take off!  Shall I send it directly to Tracy?  Talk to you at 1100.  Kay 
 Thanks for the help.  I'm sure more questions will follow!  Kay 
 Would you read that to mean the authority to buy power "as agent for" the Cities?  Seems not entirely clear but not entirely out of the question.  Kay 
 Stephen,  Wanna go ahead and print the tasking letter and I'll initial it?  Kay 
 Can you send me a copy of a professional service agreement?  I need to prepare one. 
 Sheila,  I just realized that this is at the same time as our GE conference call.  Can we adjust the time of the GE call?  I have a feeling that Roger's presentation is the generic mark-to-market stuff, but I could be wrong. I just don't get the feeling that it is directed to the lease accounting rules and other stuff specific to Turbine Torture. Do you have any follow up questions from last week you want me to ask?  I'm expecting a draft of the ABB facility agreement tomorrow.  A & K really dropped the ball on that one, although I wish I had expedited them more.  I still haven't heard from Kent, despite email, voice mail, and calling Lee.  I hope he is ok, because being non-responsive is not Kent's style at all.  Did you see that Moby Dick (aka, GE) is swallowing another big fish (Honeywell).  I heard it increases their size by a third.  So I guess the 800 pound gorilla is now a 1066 pound gorilla. (ok, I admit I used the calculator).  Talk to you soon,  Kay 
 Joe,  Here tis:  C. Kay Mann Sr. Counsel Enron North America 1400 Smith, Suite 3841 Houston, Tx 77002-7361  fax 713 646-3491  Thanks,  Kay 
 Bob,  My donor number is 1181819.  Let me know if Michael needs more.  As you know, I can go back in 56 days.  Here's hoping all goes well.  I'll have your family in my thoughts and prayers.  Kay 
 Thanks.  This is a  very drastic situation, so the draft will be appreciated.  As I recall you were going to turn another draft of the GE facility agreement, deleting the WestLB references.  When will this be forthcoming?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Janet has already signed Change Order #2, so adding value to this one will required that change order #3 be revised, then we would have to go back to ESA for their approval. It would be easier on this end if we could pick up the new stuff in this one to a subsequent change order?  I spoke to Lee Johnson yesterday about all the change orders, and a couple of outstanding issues.  I am having difficulty getting GE's attention on the facility agreements, and would prefer that the change orders not be given to GE until I at least get a call back on the issue.  If this is a problem, please let me know.  Kay 
 Please prepare a fed ex package to go out tonight, as described below.  Also, please prepare a transmittal letter to Heather for me to sign.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Remember when the biggest accounting issues were mark-to-market?  Ahh, the good old days.  Kay 
 KC,  We need a confidentiality agreement relating to asset management services for Intergen.  We may have a confidentiality agreement in place - please check with K Young.  It probably won't cover this.  Plus, I think this should be in the name of EPMI - Reagan, what do you think?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Is this a PIG deal? 
 In a recent discussion with Mark H, he suggested that I consult you two gentlemen about outside counsel in Chicago to support our efforts with Peoples.  It would be beneficial to have a firm on board with some trading expertise, as well as more generalized transactional experience.  Gas would be a plus.  I've used Jones, Day  (good job on regulatory issues), and Piper Rudnick (bad experience).  Any suggestions?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi David,  It is just us chickens, Gregg's agenda.  Kay 
 Ok.  I'll follow up.  The insanity continues.  I finally called Lee Johnson at S&S, who fortunately had called me, and asked him if he knew if Kent was around, as I hadn't heard from him.  He is going to get in touch with Kent for me.  I'm expediting Paul Pipitone re the ABB facility agreement, but haven't heard back from him yet.  Hope your trip is going well.  Kay 
 Hi Matt,  Sheila tells me that you are working on the docs requested by Global Finance for Turbopark (does this ring a bell?)  If you can get me the docs on this LLC, I'll see if we can pitch the angle Sheila suggested.  Thanks,  Kay 
 The attached is marked to show changes from previous draft seen by CRRA.    Kay 
 Paul,  When can we expect a draft of the ABB facility agreement? It is getting urgent.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Do you want to generate one just like the rest?  That would be the easiest way to go.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Is everyone available for a brief conference call at 830 Tuesday morning? Please let me know if you aren't available.  Dial in instructions will be forthcoming.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm thinking you don't have anything to move.  Maybe it would help if you acknowledged that ENA might not be your final destination, but seems like a good place to get exposed to a variety of opportunites, such as Enron Global Markets and Enron Industrial Markets - both new businesses with international aspects. Plus, lawyers at ENA move between groups without much fuss and bother (if it changes, don't blame me later!)  How does that sound?  Kay 
 We aren't required to, but I don't see a downside to sending it. 
 Did you hear Candy is moving to Holland?  She looked great.  I didn't know she was married until I saw her.  She seems happy.  Sounds like Ben found a good head hunter.  It can be hard to get positive after being in that environment.  Kay 
 I think Piazza sped up to try to get close to the bat.  He's a sly one. Roger's first story was ok ("I didn't think he was running, I was tossing the bat to our bat boy").  Second version was a little iffy ("I didn't know if I had the bat or the ball" - why the hell would he throw the ball towards the dugout?)  The Turner wedding was amazing.  Jim and Betty Boyd sat behind us at the wedding. Mauricio and his wife were there, and showed no signs of leaving. When Neil and I left at 130 (Michael was with grandparents)  the band was still playing, and the bride and groom were still there.  Unbelievable.  I wonder how late it went.  I'm out of town this weekend - Neil's officer's meeting at the Hyatt Hill Country, then up to see Paige on Saturday, back on Sunday.  Let me know if it reschedules.  Did you change jobs?  What do you hear from Ben?  Anthony called me last week, just to chat.  They are looking forward to hunting before the baby gets here.  Kay 
 How's this? 
 I'm going to guess that it depends on whether you are giving a direct donation (as in this case) or a replacement donation.  Since it is for a specific patient, they may want to make sure it works, especially since it will keep you from donating for a while.  Just a guess! 
 I am waiting for a call back from MD Anderson concerning whether they were able to locate my information.  Their records go back to 1998, and I believe I gave at MD Anderson in 1998, but you know how that is.  Assuming that all goes well, I can go tomorrow at 930am (when they open.  I'll keep everybody posted.  The folks at MDA confirmed that they have Michael's consent forms ready to go, just in case that question should arise.  Bob, sorry to hear about the doctor, and the impact it must have had on Michael.  Kay 
 Shall I handle items #1 and 2?  Kay 
 Heather,  Could we handle the CRRA LOI at the same time?  It would help me get finished with the FCE doc.  I'm sure you saw that GE and Honeywell are merging.  I wonder if that makes ONSI a part of GE?  Does GE have a fuel cell product yet? It would explain the statement in the Journal that headquarters would not be in NJ or Connecticut.  Kay 
 I'm available.  As I  mentioned, I'm still working away on the revised equipment contract.  Kay 
 My morning is fairly open, other than grinding on the purchase contract. 
 Hi Carlos,  Just a reminder that you emails may be discoverable, especially when you include any "lay person" other than Ben.  I know you know this, but as a former trial type, I just can't help myself.  Kay 
 I understand completely.  Those ear infections can be very painful.  Nothing can get to you like your kid in pain.  If it makes you feel any better I have a 20year old (I can't believe it) and a 6 year old (even more unbelievable), and both have a lot of allergies and sinus infections, etc.  My oldest  also had a lot of ear infections, and it seemed to be painful.  But she out grew the problem.  I expect to be in town Mon-Thurs, with high hopes of taking Friday off to join my husband at his officer's meeting in San Antonio.  Kay 
 I've given blood at MD Anderson before, and I think they will have the blood type  information on file.  If anyone else is in the same boat, you call the number below and ask for Barbara. I couldn't reach her today, because it is Saturday, but they tell me she will be in on Monday.  If all goes well, I could be in business fairly quickly.  Kay 
 Barbara, here is the document I discussed concerning some of the Chicago stuff.  Jeff, I don't know if you have received this from Gregg all ready.  Kay 
 Hi guys,  In looking at CRRA's comments to the draft LOI. I have these questions:  1.  I'm not sure what we mean by EPC contract.  Is this referring to the Fuel Cell document we are working now, or is there to be another layer? I know this may depend on whether CRRA or someone else is doing the balance of the construction activities.  2.  He expects one EPC contract, and we had tried to leave room for multiple contracts. Does anyone care?  3.  Does CRRA get a full refund of the purchase price if the fuel cells fail the performance tests?  We have discussed with FCE the concept of a proportional reduction if the performance is within 10 percent, then a full reduction as to the failing unit(s) only.  Also, are we planning to mark up the fuel cell contract to recover our fee?  Is our fee at risk for the fuel cells failing to perform?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Gregg,  Per your request:    See ya,  Kay 
 Have a great trip! 
 fyi.  This form came from Global Finance. 
 I've been out of town, and have back-to-back meetings/conference calls.  I'll call you though.  Kay 
 I'll give it a look.  ckm 
 Joe,  Would you like to renew with a letter agreement as in previous years?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Ta da... 
 Why don't you try feeding her again at night?  Maybe she will sleep better. I feed Jack twice a day, and he is still skinny as a stick.  Isn't she on the thin side anyway?  All dogs go through adjustments.  She may be trying to find out who is the boss.  There are lots of little tricks I can tell you about to show her you are the boss.  I'll try to make you a list while you are gone.  CRATE TRAIN HER!!  It is one of the best things you will ever do for yourself.  She may fuss at first, but she will love it. Crating her will calm her down. I believe the Pointer Rescue people agree.  ckm 
 You did better than I did.  I was telling people I was 41 when I was 42.  I felt terrible when I realized I was older than I thought!  Oh well, it just goes to show you that it is all a state of mind.  I'm not sure how you don't focus on development, when it is all a part of the same group and process. Neat trick, though.  I wish Carlos was here to do a lot of this, though.  Kay 
 Is it true that tomorrow is your birthday?  If so, Happy Birthday!!! 
 If I had a printer, I wouldn't ask you to print this, but since I don't....  Thanks,  Kay  PS  Don't worry too much about Ruthie.  You'll get her figured out. 
 Please print and put in folder, Off Balance Sheet EPC Contract.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm still in my conference call.  Do you want to come visit later (in other words, need to get out?) 
 Could you please get me some post it notes, various sizes, cool colors preferred.  Thanks! 
 fyi. =20 
 If you don't hear from me by 1245, I probably won't be having lunch. 
 Viola. 
 I have a conference call that starts around 1030 and is scheduled to go to 1230.  Otherwise, no lunch plans.  Kay 
 Hi Kent,  I was wondering if we could schedule a conference call to discuss the form of these agreements.  Are you available any time soon?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Guys,  I think the price of the turbines will be the internal Enron price.  Sheila has the magic number per turbine.  Kay 
 Hi Paul,  Any luck with the draft of the ABB facility agreement form?  Looks like we might have some business.  I have forwarded your draft of the turbine document to GE, but have not had any comments.  I would like to set up a conference call with GE to discuss it.  How is your schedule tomorrow or Monday?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Kathy Clark as EECC has the electronic version of the turbine contract. Rob Taylor at Andrew & Kurth probably has the electronic files for the other document.  Rose Engeldorf might have the electronic files as well.  Kay    Enron Global Finance 
 Carlos,  Having some difficulty finding another job?  Happy Anniversary.  Sorry I wasn't here to take you to lunch.  Kay 
 Hi Chris,  Any opinion on the major component question?  Kay 
 Please print and add to my Fuel Cell book.  Thanks.  Kay  ps please print a second copy for John however you spell Clawburg. 
 fyi.  Don't know if any of your folks ever attend this kind of thing.  Kay 
 This deal never closed, so it must be the perfect contract.... 
 I think the effective dates have been relating to when the deal was cut. That's as much a guess as anything.  Ben left me a voice mail that said he had gotten something from ESA on #3, but I haven't made it through all my emails to see if I have it. I will send it to you if I do, of course.  I would think #4 is ready as soon as I get confirmation that the dates are correct.  Again, I have to check my emails.  I heard a rumor about 5 (but am now drawing a blank), and haven't heard of any others.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 Chris Calger will sign for ENA on #2.  I believe his title is a vice president. Dale Rasmussen has offered to handle signature. I haven't gone through all my emails to see if it is ready to go.  Janet will sign #3 and #4.  Kay 
 I need details. 
 FYI. 
 Is this ok with everybody?  It incorporates GE's latest comments.    Kay 
 Are these the correct dates on Change Order #4? 
 We must hang together less we hang separately. 
 Did you get these?  Kay 
 Well, aren't you hangin' with the big dogs.  No big deal.  Kay 
 Hi Dale,  I would contact Kathy Clark.  As far as I know, there have been no change orders (unless my memory is failing, which is a possibility!).  Kay 
 fyi, for fuel cells and CRRA 
 I'm O positive, and used to work with Bob.  I'm on the road until Thursday afternoon, and give give blood on Friday.  Kay 
 Remind me to check the Harry & David's catalogue for something nifty.  Kay 
 That should be easy enough.   Paige needs some glasses, and that could run $200-$300. Dental is also covered, if we have any uncovered dental expenses.  I'm going to guess we might have another $100 in prescriptions to fill this year as well.  I could stand some new glasses also.  Your Eckerd's glasses can also be submitted.  We need to forecast for next year, as open enrollment starts soon.  Kay 
 Heather,  I'm guessing that Peoples wants to use this form in lieu of the credit agreement.  Maybe I'm wrong.  Kay 
 Latest.  I think it just changes my seat assignment.  Kay 
 Hi Sweetie,  You know how Paige is about directions, etc.  Feel free to call her, though.  I ate all vegetables for lunch, but then I had a third cookie.  Annie broke her arm again, and may have to have surgery.  Kay 
 I found it. 
 Hi Gregg,  My initial reaction is that it is ok for a  small gambling debt, but a little thin for a $50m revolving line of credit.  Kay 
 Are you here?  I wanted to get those Intergen consents done and out of the way.  Also, DDuran needs to sign the Northwestern guaranty (Oz signed but they want more copies), and I thought it would be best if you initialled.  ckm 
 I haven't looked at this yet...  Kay 
 Did you RSVP for me as well? That would be extra points! 
 Does that take into account that more money may be going into the spending account?  I think we have a total of $2500 allocated for the year.  My records indicate that I've put in $1900 as of my last paycheck.  Love,  Kay 
 I am so sorry to hear about Annie.  Did it break in a different place? I think they sometimes have to wait for the swelling to go down to really tell what is happening.  Michael had a good time. Thanks for having him.  He was SOOO excited when Paige got home yesterday.  He is just crazy for her.  Thanks for the bird house.  We are going to put it in the kitchen on top of the cabinets.  All is fine here.  Just buzy as usual!  Love,  Kay 
 Hi Bart,  I think this is at least close to the final draft. It ain't pretty but it seemed to work.  You won't hurt my feelings if you make massive revisions, so long as I get a copy of the new-and-improved version.    Kay 
 Hi Kathy,  I can't remember if you are in the loop on this one.  Kay 
 I leave tomorrow, and will be back on Thursday.  There's a bunch of food up here today.  You might want to make the trip up this way. 
 She makes me crazy the way she copies three lawyers in her firm eveytime she writes me.  A pet peeve! 
 Karen,  Please provide a redline version of this document against the Fehr option, or whichever previous document you started with.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Lisa,  Per your request.  Kay 
 Ben,  Here's what you requested.  I do not recommend this MOU, as there are several problems with it,  Is there something I can help you with?  Kay 
 Richard,  When you get a minute I would like to catch you up  on these issues.  I think it is appropriate to get outside counsel to look at the two Westinghouse issues we have.  Thanks,  Kay 
 For the calendar. 
 I don't know.  I'll ask Suzanne. 
 Thanks.  Unless someone catches me, I'm out at 430. 
 Lee,  Here's a revised draft incorporating your two suggestions:    I've forwarded what I have on the CO (#3) for South America to their lawyer, so I hope it will be wrapped up soon.  I've seen reference to the Pleasanton CO, and I know it is in the works as well.  It is percolating through the system.  Do you have the electronic file for the LV CoGen change order (#4), extending the delivery dates?  I'll be in on Monday, although I have a heavy conference call schedule.  I'll be easiest to catch towards the end of the day.  Kay 
 Would you believe I don't know how late the maid stays?  I think on most Tuesdays she comes in the afternoon, but beyond that I really don't know.  I don't know if Paige will be here still, but she might.  Buy you really don't need to do that, as we don't mind getting it whenever we next come to Palacios -  makes the fun last longer.  We won't even celebrate our anniversary until the weekend, as I will be out of town Tuesday-Wednesday (New York), and Neil is gone Thursday-Friday (Dallas).  Tag team parenting!  Love,  Kay 
 Sheila/Dale,  Ben wants Chris to sign this change order.  I believe it is in essentially the same form as when I sent it before.  Please advise is there are any changes you want made.  Thanks,  Kay 
 We don't have to meet with them.... 
 Please make this right.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Don't know if I'll participate, but please put on calendar anyway. 
 I've made some revisions the Bill's document to make sure we are on the same page before I prepare the LOI.    Do we want to give any sort of description of how the benchmark will be set? Do we want to mention the cancellation provisions?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please cancel this.  Kay Mann 
 Hi there!  Sounds like things are going really well.  Neil is working tomorrow (his turn), then we have a wedding to go to Saturday night. Paige isn't coming in until Sunday, leaving Tuesday or Wednesday. She's visiting friends in Waco.  You know how it goes with juniors. So, it doesn't look good for us to  make it to Palacios this weekend.  How long are you going to be there?  Gotta get on the phone.  Love,  Kay 
 Darn. 
 Per your request.  Is the contract supposed to be an off balance sheet contract?  I'm supposed to be working on the changes necessary to make this one 97-10 compliant, but I haven't done it yet.  Maybe you will beat me to it, which is fine by me.  Kay 
 Janet and Ben,  Ben now has signature authority up to $250,000.  Let me know if you have any questions,  Kay 
 Heather,  Doesn't look like this will apply to you.  The person we need to include in our discussion is out of town.  Talk to you soon,  Kay 
 Just to keep you in the loop. 
 We don't need her if we aren't going to discuss the loan.  Have you heard from Sara?  I was under the impression that she is out of town this week.  Guess I could walk over there and look.  Kay 
 Any problems/comments? 
 I couldn't remember if I forwarded this to you, so here 'tis.  Kay 
 I'm remembering now.  It was a term sheet which was never executed, as far as I know.  I believe FPL prepared it, and we may have commented on it. Let me see what I can find.  Kay 
 Hi Heather,  Are you available to participate?  I'm not sure what is on the agenda, but I thought I should check your availability.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Is this something I should have Heather Brown participate in?  Kay 
 fyi 
 I think we arrive around 215, so 400 is about as good as we can do.  Kay 
 I'm glad she sounds so good.  Maybe she can be a back up for next Thursday.  Kay 
 Please.  Tuesday afternoon is our best bet, in NYC.  Kay 
 I will be out of town, but I think you should definitely be there.  I'll mention it to Sheila.  Kay 
 The attached contains revisions and comments as compiled by EECC and ENA.    Kay 
 Hi Stuart,  I'm assuming (very dangerous) that you are handling this, as this project does not ring a bell with me.  Kay 
 I don't remember a PPA for Homestead.  I'll check, though.  Kay 
 Yes, thank you so much.  It is displayed proudly in my  office.  It is sooo cute! 
 I didn't know he was 50!!! 
 fyi 
 I may be in trouble!!! 
 And with this email I bid you adieu, hasta manana, ciao, etc.    Kay 
 PS.  You will love the government contracting business.  Really, I think you will. 
 It is yours.  I never said it would last. If fact, it is a tribute to Enron that that era is over.  You've earned the right to doubt my credibility based on your original interview, however. 
 Hmm.  Can you get a picture of the dog? Neil and I have been talking about getting Michael a dog, and we DO NOT want a puppy. Does she bark much?  Is she hyper? She's a short haired dog, isn't she?  The problem with the document arose after you left yesterday, and I knew I had to get cracking on it early.  I would have had to ask you to be here by 700, and I figure that was just too much to ask!  Thanks anyway. 
 I may just ask him if anyone else  has had problems with the quality of their work,  and leave out the billing stuff.  If I say anything I won't mention you,although I think you did what you could to control these cowboys.  Kay 
 I don't know if you are in the loop on this one. 
 Wow.  I haven't seen Dan like that.  Thanks for the books. 
 FYI.  I haven't read it yet, but thought I would pass it along anyway.  Kay 
 Stuart,  Kay's venting for the day:  Is it nitpicking to expect outside counsel to (1) make sure the option agreement is signed AND acknowledged (2) ascertain whether the thing has the dates filled in, and (3) makes sure that the legal description is included?  Ok, maybe I'm whining, but I think Mark should know that we are having problems.  Have you mentioned anything to him?  Kay 
 I'm in good shape now.  Just a little left for today.  Is Ric getting sentimental?  Losing someone can make you feel that way, even if it isn't logical.  We'll just get through this day and start over tomorrow. 
 Thanks for checking.  I'm on message 7 of 9, and don't have anything from Bruce.  Sorry I was cranking this am.  I got here at 600am, mostly because I had problems with a document which had to go out today.  Kay 
 Hi Gregg,  I've been tied up today so I haven't gotten this to you.   Maybe we can talk soon.  Kay 
 Are these the ones which didn't have the date?  This is PITIFUL. 
 I made a mad dash to get this revised.  I can't promise that I incorporated everything we discussed, but I figured I needed to get it to you now. 
 Fred,  I think Kathleen will be a big help to all of us in improving the flow of paper.  I trust her to work up initial drafts of option agreements, subject to my quick review and the review of local counsel.  Thanks for your cooperation.  kay 
 We might want to consider meeting with the  FuelCell team in their offices, if this is less intimidating for them.  I  may be able to fly up on Monday am and accomplish what I need to do with BD, although flying on Sunday is fine as well.  TBD.  Kay 
 fyi.  I'll respond later.  Back to the contract.... 
 Yes. 
 Forgot to mention that.  Please ask Bruce to check his availability. 
 Please call Bruce Silvers with Bingham & Dana in Hartford, Conn, and tell him my trip has  rescheduled.  Please see if he is available to meet on Monday afternoon, preferably in New York (although I'll confirm later).  I think it might be helpful if Nick Palatin was available as well.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Good idea to give them a heads up. 
 I've never heard of them. 
 Good thing those offices are big up there.  Must be getting crowded. 
 Ed,  Would it be possible to designate which is East/West, as opposed to just deleting the West entities?  That way, us Easterners will know when we are encountering a Western entity.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Kathleen,  Please proceed as outlined.  Kay 
 I'm glad you mentioned that fact.  I'll keep you advised of anything I come across that relates to a peaker.  Speaking of which, are you generally aware of a warranty claim against Westinghouse for the Gleason project? I've been helping Mitch out here and there on it.  Kay 
 Found it.  It was buried beneath a stack.  Looks good.  I would add something to the effect that the appointment terminates if Ben leaves the company's employment.  Thanks,  kay 
 no more than an hour. 
 Please call Mike and Kent directly.  Thanks. 
 We can always do the POA's after the fact, if necessary.  There are something like 45 development companies, so I hate to do them all at once.  I would at least ask Ben to identify key regions. However, you do need the names of the companies anyway, because they are mostly your companies! 
 Well, I personally would like your input, although I'm not clear who will end up with it.  Kay 
 Deb,  Let's go ahead with POA's for Ben F. Jacoby for ENA, Tarheel Land Development, Edgecombe Development, and Titan Land Development in accordance with Janet's request and ENA standard practice. Deb, I have the impression that this is something you typically handle, although I'm glad to volunteer Kathleen for the task if that would help.  There will be other companies, but we can add these as we go.  Kathleen, please advise if there are any which you see as most active at this time. For instance, what are the names of the Florida development companies?  Your assistance is greatly appreciated, as Janet is eager to get this done.  Thanks,  Kay 
 fyi 
 This was sent to me by one of the developers.  I believe it relates to an expansion (or new interconnection) of the Caledonia facility.  I don't know which lawyer has been working on it, so I'm sending it around to see if anyone claims it. Chris thought that someone from Power Trading may have been working on it.  Kay 
 Anything to get ONE thing off the "to do" list.... 
 Kathleen,  Please call Karen Way at Piper Rudnick and follow up on the points you raised.  October 2 sounds good to me for an effective date, but you might as well check with Karen to see if there is a reason she didn't date it.  Good job.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I am scheduled to be in NYC and Danbury, Connecticut as of tomorrow afternoon, through the remainder of the week. I'm assisting with the negotiation of a contract for the purchase of fuel cells.  This is a Jeff Ader/Ozzie Pagan/Heather Kroll deal.  Don't know if you guys like to keep up with such things, but I'm glad to keep you informed.  Kay 
 opps I read it wrong.  Darn. 
 This is more like it.  If my flight is on time, I should be able to pick up Michael.  Kay 
 It will escalate over time. That's how it worked for me. 
 FYI. 
 I was wondering if you were there.  Hope the weather is better there than in Houston.  Is there any water in the bay?  Love,  Kay 
 I think the easiest way is a power of attorney.  I've talked to Deb Korkmas about it (I hear she's the one to handle such things), and I've asked Kathleen to identify the most active development entities so that we deal with as many as possible at once.  As for the expense account, I figure she can just tell Ben to sign her name to the reports.  ANy other ideas?  Kay 
 FYI.  I've discussed this with Mark and he didn't have any problem with it.  Kay 
 I have the September 13th invoice.  Could you fax me the rest?  Thanks,  Kay  PS.  I feel like I had previously approved at least one of these invoices. We have changed accounting systems and invoice processing personnel, so just about anything is possible. 
 Thanks for the note.  I was wondering about that.  kay 
 Once I get the draft I will set up a conference call with the people who can provide the input on the document.  If it would be better to have the call before let me know, and I will try to set it up.  I'm free tomorrow am if that is a good time for you.  kay 
 You know how I hate to have originals.  Please take them from me!!!!! 
 I didn't know there were 5 things to get clogged.  What a blessing that he had the surgery before he had a heart attack.  Somehow I'm not surprised that your dad is a quick  healer. Still, going home today is amazing.  Kay 
 I believe this to be the latest draft of the PSCO change order. Kay 
 How's you dad?  I hope everything went well.  Did you make it in time to see him before the surgery?  Kay 
 I found the originals, so please disregard my question about same. 
 Hi Guys,  Enron policy requires that the assignment of tasks to outside counsel go through (or at least be coordinated with) the legal department.  In the future, please let me know what you need so that there can be some order to the process.  Did the Fehrs and Ledfords sign the option agreements?  Thank you,  Kay 
 I suspect that it wasn't recorded.  My bad. 
 I think that's fine. 
 Congratulations!!!!  You should be proud.  I am! 
 Everything went fine.  I hope Dan is ok.  Did the antibiotics not work?  I know he has been worried, but I thought he was feeling better. Now I'm worried.  How old would you mother have been today?  I was wondering about Karen.  I wasn't sure what her title was before.  I haven't checked voice mail yet.  Heather called on my cell phone, which was fine.  I hear the Mark (NYC) is VERY nice.  I hope to get back earlier than 600 on Friday, but not early enough to come in.  I'll figure it out tomorrow.  Ciao,  Kay 
 Please print and put in the Fuel Cell binder you  made me last week.  It is on my desk, I think. 
 okey dokey 
 I'm not at the office today, but I probably have a copy of the Option.  I don't recognize the Memorandum of Option to Purchase.  Do you have a copy of it to see if it gets my memory working? 
 Make that cleaned out my purse, not my person.  Geez. 
 I thought the conference was pretty good.  I had a great room, with a HUGE jacuzzi tub.  Did anyone get promoted?  No one said anything about promotions, so I figured nothing interesting happened in that regard.  I've been throwing out accumulated paper today, cleaned out my person, got out some clothes to give to the maid.  It all feels good.  I'm going to do email now.  See you tomorrow!  Kay 
 Hi.  Just checking in.  Michael and I are having a nice morning.  I've got my computer plugged in to my home line, but my cell phone is on.   Michael has an appointment at 230, so I will be out of a while.  This is great stay home weather.  I have fires in the fireplaces.  All I'm missing is the smell of bread baking!  Kay 
 Not this week.  Maybe next week. 
 I suggested yesterday that you ask Sheila about the timeframe, and you told me you would just go ahead and do it.  I'll just tell her it isnt' ready. It doesn't matter to me.  Kay 
 Lisa,  I haven't seen a copy of the Sept 28th letter yet, but I've been at an offsite, so I might have missed something.  I'll get you a copy of CO #1.  CO #2 has been transmitted to GE for comment.  I'll have to confirm the status of the MOU and CO#3/#4.  These have bounced around a bit, so I need to nail it down so I don't give you bad information.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 Deb,  I'll get you the particulars, but you get the general idea. I'll have to check on the expense account stuff.  Kathleen, you  haven't done any thing with this request yet, have you?  Could you get the  names of the active development companies so that we can address those, as well as ENA?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I've already discussed this with Mark H. and he thought it had already been done. I haven't found any indication that it has been done.  I'll follow up immediately.  Kay 
 I volunteered to be a guinea pig. 
 Hi Ben,  Janet has requested that we set you up with signature authority for development documents.  How do you want you name to read on the corporate documents?  Thanks,  Kay 
 There's a rumor going around that you are signing up people for the pilot= =20 program. If true, I would love to volunteer, as I work at home frequently.  Thanks, Kay 
 The water could be 100 feet or more away from the dock, depending on how long it blows that hard.   I hope our shrimp come back. 
 When you ask a question you usually have heard a rumor.  What did you hear? 
 Taking asset management to a new level of pain.  Commericial vision is to form a joint venture with NRG to manage a portfolio of generation assets.  I'm meeting with Janelle et al at 10:00 to discuss what we want to do.  Kay 
 Please order me a 3 hole punch and more letter size red ropes.  Thanks!!  Kay 
 Here is the current rev of the EECC "standard" form which I am reviewing/massaging in connection with the 97 10 exercise.  It includes the exhibits, where I think you can find something useful.  If this doesn't help, please let me know and I will check elsewhere.  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI, I am attaching the current term sheet for the Rio Gen EPC contract which is has been approved by AA and I believe Global Finance.  Kay 
 Jerry,  Thanks.  I'll give it a look immediately, and will discuss the game plan with Heather.  Congratulations on wrapping up the alliance and associated agreements.  Looks like an interesting and exciting opportunity for both companies.  Kay 
 Maybe I'll get your address right this time. 
 This is for the PSCO project, and Ben wants Chris to sign it.  I'm thinking that this is Dale's project, so I'm sending him a copy.  If it looks ok to you I will clean it up and send it to GE for their review.  Kay 
 Warning: I have not even opened this to see how it looks.  The goal is to delete the reference to WestLB and the master agreement, so I know there is work to be done along those lines.  At least this is a start.  Kay 
 More to go with that other print job. 
 Please print for me.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Otra mas.    We'll need to change the date of the doc once we have an idea of when it will be signed.  Kay 
 I knew you guys would hit a home run!  I have a conference call at 330, then I'll come see you.  Kay 
 That's a good one. 
 Sorry, didn't mean to forget you. 
 Hi Scott,  Here's a revised draft for your review and comment.  I've taken out the balance of plant warranty because you raised a valid point about them knowing what BOP entails.  So now it is just a warranty. I've also been more explicit about our fee.  I think there's a bit of confusion embedded in the document because of the uncertainty about who is doing what, but I haven't come up with a simple fix yet. 
 I don't have a lot of formal stuff that fits me now - I've gained weight in the past 18 months.  I may do a little shopping. 
 Tough time of day to dress for, but I think  you have it figured out. 
 Roxanne,  Thank you for calling last night. We took Michael out for dinner to celebrate his first day at SF, and missed your call. Michael had a great first day. All the kids drew portraits of him, and he got a big kick out of it.  I noticed on the class list that you live in Spring Valley.  We live on Inverness Park Way, and used to live on Cedarspur a few years back.  It is nice to know that Michael has a classmate in the neighborhood.  Again, thanks for calling.  Kay 
 Just a small piece of internal discussions regarding the revolving line of credit and how it ties in with the enovate bank account. 
 I would think cocktail attire.  What time are the receptions? 
 Here's the latest revision inserting the drawing numbers.  Is it ready to go to GE?    Scott, payment for change orders is addressed in the contract. 
 I knew  you would figuer out something! 
 I'm just afraid to say anything about anything because of what you said the other night about, gee you can't do anything right.  I guess I'm a little upset because you comment on how I do things (I don't even try to fold clothes, pack the car, unpack the groceries, load the dishwasher, etc.) but if I say something about how you do something, you get upset and say you can't do anything right (so I should feel guilty about saying anything about anything).  Gotta go.  We can talk about it later if you want.  Love,  Kay 
 Here is the ABB contract you referenced in your email.  I am working on a 97-10 compliant EPC contract for NEPCO/EECC.  However, I wonder about the challenges presented with the need for NEPCO to enter into subcontracts and purchase orders which preserve the accounting treatment all the way down the line. This is a very tall order given the contracting environment.  Your email is an excellent description of the challenges of doing a deal off the balance sheet, and worthy of further discussion.  Kay 
 I'm trying to pick a favorite. 
 I'm out October 9 and 27. 
 I thought someone from Trading should give this a look.  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI 
 fyi 
 Hi there.  I made changes in accordance with our meeting on Friday.  Please let me know what other changes you would like to see.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Scott has given me some comments on the LOI, which I hope to discuss and incorporate today.  Does anyone else have any comments?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please start me a Fuel Cell notebook, beginning with the clean versions of the documents listed below (don't need the redline).  The binder needs to be at least a 2 inch binder.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Much grass. 
 Here's the VEPCO version. 
 Stuart has finished his review of the PR invoices, and not the massive pile is on my desk. 
 It took place.  We made some progress in indemnity and LOL.  The carve outs from the LOL remain an open issue.  We had some helpful discussion about assignment, but I'm not sure how much progress was made.  You were assigned NO tasks this week!  Kay 
 Good luck, and fire (release, shoot, fling) straight!  Kay 
 For those who don't have these numbers, here we go:  Home    713 973 6325 Home fax  713 973 0287 Cell   713 304 8716  I have Ozzie and Heather's contact numbers as well, but don't see any reason to take up their time unless something commercial arises.  Jeff, I'll be glad to hold you numbers in trust as well.  I have nothing special planned (there goes my wild image), so I'm available anytime.  I'm going to read over the latest versions, keeping in mind that the commercial deal is done.  Kay 
 Are we good to go?  I forgot to show  my husband your pictures.  If it is ok with you, I'll bring them back on Monday.  Have a great weekend,  Kay 
 Allyson,  Here's a suggestion on the language to address the issue of termination "for any reason".  On page 3, line 18, insert after "limits", deleting the remainder of the sentence:  Applicant's requirement to notify the Commission to instances where the Agreement is terminated as a result of Applicant's default.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Heather,  I haven't heard back from anyone on the single lender issue, but I say go for it, assuming a single lender deal.  At least that gives us something to work with.  Thanks,  Kay 
 3841 is my office number. 
 Hi Kara,  Michael has been seeing a speech/language therapist, and recently she raised an issue about Michael's ability to "blend and unblend" sounds in words, specifically as it relates to reading readiness.  She had this conversation with Neil, so I don't know the details.  We are meeting with her today to get more input, but I wanted to mention it to you, just in case you had a comment.  I know this is something we can discuss at Michael's conference on May 31st, but if you would like to discuss it before hand, I can be reached at 713 304 8716 9 (cell), 713 345 -7566 (office - just tell my asst you are Michael's teacher), 713 973 6325.  Thanks so much,  Kay 
 Hi Paul,  I've been reviewing the draft facilities agreement, which is now getting to be a hot topic.  One thing to keep in mind is that we would really prefer that the facility agreements not refer to the May 12 agreement, if this is possible.  Could you please give this some thought and review the document with this in mind?  I look forward to discussing this with you soon.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Gentlemen,  I haven't seen the 501D contract yet.  Is it on its way or perhaps been misdirected?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Lee,  Can you see me a Word (or WordPerfect) file for this letter?  Thanks,  Kay 
 A more lucid explanation of the issues. 
 Heather,  Just go to your DASH form file and pull out language from another deal just like this one.  That's how we handle things on the 38th floor.  Kay 
 Hi Heather,  Any idea what the analyst starting salary might be?  If not, can you point me in the right direction?  I know you don't have anything better to do, but I really appreciate it.  Kay 
 I thought Tom wanted to change the time.  Did he get with you on that? 
 BUSY, as usual.  Kay 
 With a typical contractor a tight schedule usually increases the cost. You might check to see how much a delay in COD to, say Aug 1,  might lower the cost of construction.  Not to say that it will, but it might. 
 How could I resist such an opportunity?    Enron North America Corp. 
 Between 11-130; 215-400 today, almost anytime Friday, other than 2-3. 
 FYI. 
 I have not dropped it off yet.  Can he be set up for Monday? 
 FYI.  I don't think it will take long to get a draft.  I'm happy to coordinate with Sarah and Accounting.  Is it Mary Lynn that I should talk to?  Kay 
 I'm headed to a lengthy conference call, but I wanted you to have this info.  Anything going on with Manlove?  Kay 
 Can Legal be far behind? 
 Hi Fred,  I will check with Herman again to get his final comments.  Kay 
 No response required - fyi. 
 Sounds like progress. 
 I had the definite impression he was going to call you.  I also know he is working on a different deal on an impossible schedule. You know the drill.  Bart is a Washington & Lee guy.  He is older than Ned, so he didn't go to school with him.  Just a little trivia...  Kay 
 fyi 
 So do we now have an Enovate/enovate?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Heather,  Don't have the answers to your questions, but I wanted you to see the attachment to Gregg's email.  It outlines some of the commercial aspects of the loan agreement, although it might not be in a form you can easily decipher.  Kay 
 Good afternoon,  Our son Michael will be in your class beginning next Monday, October 2, so I wanted to introduce myself.  I hope we will get to meet in person soon.  Is there anything you would like to suggest that we do to make the transition easier?  I picked up the package of information today, and will read it tonight. l won't ask any questions until I do my homework.  I look forward to seeing you soon!  Kay 
 Here's a marked version of suggested changes.  Would it be preferable to be consistent with the use of the names VEPCO and Capacity and Energy Agreement?    Kay 
 I'm good anytime after 900 am on Monday.  Kay 
 Here are my observations:  I'm not certain that an Enron entity will provide a performance guaranty.  I agree that the commercial deal is that a portion of the fee will be at risk for a performance problem.  Is the reference to the "State" a reference to the DPUC or CRRA?  As far as I know, the CRRA deal is still in the works, with nothing but a confidentiality agreement (with an exclusivity provision) signed, and in my opinion should not be presented as being a done deal.  Kay 
 Karen,  It appears to me that this version of the document allocates a new risk to Enron:  risk of damage to a certain road during construction.  It would seem that the responsibility to repair it should be limited to damage done as a result of the construction.  Also, it is unclear as written as to whether we can repair it ourselves, or whether the City fixes it and sends us the bill. What is the intent?  Thank you,  Kay 
 In connection with the attached, please note the highlighted language at the end of the document.  We couldn't decide what it means, so it needs to be re-written or deleted.  The party we are contracting with is Virginia Power, not NC Power. If we misstated this previously, we would like to clear it up now.  Thank you,  Kay Mann 
 Just a reminder that the Enron team is planning to meet a half hour before the call (330).  Kay 
 Hi Sarah,  Thank you so much for your efforts to get this scheduled.  However, it doesn't look today is going to work.  Since spoke earlier this week, Michael has been accepted to private school, where we believe we will move him.  However, we still haven't determined what to do about speech therapy, and would appreciate the benefit of your evaluation and expertise, especially since Michael is eligible to receive services at VO.  Is it possible to schedule a meeting with that in mind?  Thanks again,  Kay 
 Anytime 9-11 Friday if fine. 
 Got anything that looks like a confidentiality agreement with a company called ONSI?  Should have been signed this spring.  Thanks.  Kay 
 FYI.  I'll bring you the ONSI confidentiality agreement. 
 Que lastima. 
 I can call you when I get out of my meeting, but it might be awhile.  Or, it might be 600.  Dunno. 
 Has anyone given any thought to the creation of a new company to enter into the CRRA/Fuel Cell purchase/sale transactions?  Any names to suggest?  If Enron is going to be the contractor as contemplated by the PDA, I would expect to use a limited liablity company and not ENA.  Please advise.  Kay 
 63491 
 I thought it was an excellent synopsis. 
 fyi 
 Other than that Mrs. Lincoln... 
 Here's the latest info I have. 
 I have a conflict at 130. Rose has been reliable at showing up and participating, so I suggest that she be included, although it sounds like she 'll be with John.  ckm 
 Mark/Karen,  I received your voice mail regarding my comment about substituting the LOC. The reason for this suggestion is to provide flexibility in our financing structures, depending on which entities own equity in the LLC at the time of the posting of the security.  Perhaps language such as  "an appropriate payment security" or other similar language can be utilized. Please be assured that I have an understanding of the differences between an LOC and a corporate guaranty.  The draft responses have been forwarded to the Enron tax department, due to the discussions concerning certain tax issues.  I believe it is appropriate to get their approval of the language prior to these answers being released.  Also, I don't believe I fully appreciate the context of these questions and answers, and how and to whom these answers will be given. A brief explanation would be most appreciated.  Thank you,  Kay 
 Hi Stephanie,  Thanks for the hard copy of the ISDA docs.  Would it be possible to get an electronic version of what you gave me?  Thanks again,  Kay 
 How about meeting in Sheila's office (3879) at 1030? 
 You made me laugh. 
 Hi Dan,  One more thing I want to mention.  As you know, Enron has a confidentiality agreement with a competitor of Fuel Cell (I believe it is ONSI).  The agreement has an exclusivity arrangement, which prevents the other company from chasing certain transactions without Enron.  Once we really know what we are going to do with FCE, will it be necessary/advisable to waive the exclusivity provision to avoid any restraint of trade arguments?  FYI, When I last discussed the other company with Ozzie and Heather on Friday, they were planning on calling the other company to tell them the general status without violating confidentiality obligations to FCE or CRRA. I will follow up to get the details of the discussion.  Kay 
 Hmm. 
 Matt, Since so much of this related to tax, I thought you should have a look at it.  Rusty/Fred, I'm not sure of the context of the presentation of the information.  Is this something which is going to the public, or to the governmental entity involved?  If there is something which will be distributed to the public, then we should consider having Enron's PR group bless it.  Kay 
 Karen,  Could we have the option of using a letter of credit versus a corporate guaranty? (8) 
 fyi 
 Absolutely. 
 This is the one you looked at and left me comments.  Your comments aren't in this draft (timing), but I want to pick them up in the next go round.  When we get together to discuss stuff, maybe we can review this.  It is difficult to get your comments over voice mail, as I'm  just not that quick!  Kay 
 I hope this didn't sound flippant, cuz I didn't mean it that way.  Kay 
 I have in mind a contract that EECC and NEPCO will agree is the ENA form contract, so that there isn't a need to come up with two different contract forms.  Is that too high of a mountain to climb? 
 Here's my suggestion:  27.3   Consequential Losses.  The Parties have agreed to liquidate certain= =20 direct damages and have provided for these damages as Liquidated Damages an= d=20 Cancellation Fees.  For purposes of this Section, Liquidated Damages and=20 Cancellation Fees shall not be deemed consequential losses.  In no event,= =20 whether as a result of breach of contract, breach of warranty, indemnity,= =20 tort liability (including negligence or strict liability without regard to= =20 fault) or otherwise, and whether arising before or after completion of the= =20 Scope of Work, shall either Party be liable to the other Party for special,= =20 indirect, exemplary or consequential losses of any nature whatsoever,=20 including losses or damages caused by reason of unavailability of the=20 Equipment, shutdowns or service interruptions, loss of use, loss of profits= =20 or revenue, inventory or use charges, cost of purchased or replacement powe= r,=20 interest charges or cost of capital or claims of a Party=01,s customers.  F= or=20 the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing limitation of liability in this Secti= on=20 shall in no case not limit Seller=01,s obligation to indemnify, defend and = hold=20 harmless Purchaser Indemnified Parties in accordance with Article XX for an= y=20 claims Third Party Claim, including Claims involving the Third Party's=20 consequential losses, losses or damages occasioned by third parties. in=20 accordance with Article XX,=20 
 Per your request.  Kay 
 Gentlemen,  I've recently become involved in the "cell sale" side, meaning the transaction to sell the Fuel Cell equipment cells to CRRA.  I've met the Fuel Cell folks, but have not met anyone with CRRA yet.  Currently, I'm preparing a letter of intent for Enron/CRRA for the purchase/sale of the cells, have a development agreement prepared by outside counsel to review, and need to come up with a draft purchase agreement for FCE to review. I'll make sure Dan is in the loop on as much of that as he cares to read.  I've heard a rumor of an issue regarding the authority of CRRA to purchase the equipment (perhaps relating to the use of bond money for the purchase), but haven't come up to speed on that issue yet.  I would like to chase down that issue some more before a loud alarm is sounded, however.  I'll get a grasp on the hearing protocol, as I know Dave is very interested in that aspect of the process.  Kay 
 Pretty small stuff from a dollar standpoint.  Perhaps the sky is not falling. 
 fyi 
 Hi John,  Question. Can we agree that a form contract will work for both EECC and NEPCO? Sure would make life easier.  Kay 
 Sounds good to me.  I'll check with Neil.  I know Michael would love it.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I've answered all their questions, and have suggested to Chris that he ask NorthWestern for audited financials.  Marissa is preparing a letter which briefly outlines the deal, since GE had requested a letter identifying the parties, the payment obligations, etc.  I've given them all this information previously in phone calls and by email, but I think they want something official looking.  Probably be a good idea for you to sign the letter.  I don't think they will trade payment for a consent, but I could be wrong. It just isn't enough money, and GE isn't strapped for cash anyway.  I'd want to be careful that we don't trip up on E - Next obligations.  Kay 
 Hi there,  We need the exact name of the YC entity which will be buying the gas.  Is it Yazoo City or the YCPC, or what?  Same info is required for Clarksdale, although not as urgently.  If you will email me the addresses of all who need to review this, the YC contract will be ready tomorrow.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Wanna go?  Sounds like fun to me.  Michael will love it.  Kay 
 713 751 3255 
 Okey dokey. 
 fyi 
 I've worked with Kilpatrick Stockton's North Carolina office quite a bit, mostly regulatory- they are so so.  It is my understanding that the Atlanta office messed up a simple thing for Lisa, and that's all I know about them. I've worked extensively with King & Spalding, both their Houston office (multiple matters) and Atlanta (two matters), and have had good results. I've always worked through John Keffer in Houston, who then hooked me up with the right folks in Atlanta.  Kay 
 Hi Gregg,  I was out of the office on Friday, so I just now heard your voice mail.  I haven't been through all my email, but I haven't seen anything from Stephanie on email.  I do have a hard copy version which is too long to fax with confidence.  I'll give the forms a look, and fax them your way with some type of disclaimer for Peoples benefit.  Kay 
 A comparison to ours.  Kay 
 This is a comparison to their version.  I think I have a comparison to ours as well.  Kay 
 Allyson,  You should receive some formation documents relating to Edgecombe Development.  The name is not spelled correctly (missing an "e"), but that is being corrected at this time.  Bob spoke to me about wanting Enron to send a letter concerning the financing arrangements for the project.  I would like for us to discuss this as well.  Kay 
 I think we need an internal review to develop responses to positions as outlined in PT's memo.  Kay 
 Being first is overrated.   IS IT TIME YET??? 
 Per your request. 
 FYI.  Meeting is at 100 
 What time? 
 I think you and I may have different documents.  Maybe we should compare.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's a draft letter for CRRA.  I didn't send it to Jeff since he is out today.  Kay 
 Remarkably clear explanation. 
 On the issue of the contracts, the draft says that the $170m is paid when the EPC contract is signed.  Are we expecting that the portion attributable to each project will be paid as the individual EPC contracts are signed?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Thanks! 
 Forget the ONE or more contract questions.  I see we expect to have separate contracts for each project.    Enron North America Corp. 
 fyi/review/comment 
 We are staying at the Hyatt Hill Country Resort, which is nice.  There will be a private party as SeaWorld, which could be fun. They usually do everything first class all the way, since it is the officers shindig.  I get to see some nice people I only see once a year.  Everyone parties hard, too.  Diet time!  I've done ok so far, considering the travel.  This means I've lost the weight I gained when I was on the road every week.  ckm 
 This Friday - Michael goes for a visit at  St. Francis, which may be his new school (so far, so good).  I'll be in around1000  Most Fridays I'm going to TRY to pick Michael up since I'm away so much, which means leaving by 445 or so.  October 4, ENA orientation in the am.  October 19/20, Neil is out of town, so I have to pick Michael up from school (leave at 430)  October 26/27, hope to be vacation time.  Neil has a meeting in San Antonio (usually it is in Miami, San Francisco, Phoenix - not so great this year). It is the officer's meeting for Enterprise, and spouses are invited.  This means we won't be in town for the Compaq thing. Figures, of course.  Thanks for asking.  I'm watching for some good vacation days, also... 
 Yes, and please add me, too.  I can't remember if I mentioned that before. 
 I think the LLC agreement would be a big help.  Thanks! 
 Got anything?  Should have been signed this year.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Yikes.  I think I'd still rather be a woman, although now I can't remember why I feel that way. 
 I spoke with Bob Henson.  His questions were: ownership of LLC (I'm getting the documents) and status of PPA.  Kay 
 I need to provide the NCPUC a copy of the incorporation documents as soon as I can. How long will it take?  Kay 
 I have 30 minutes at 930 (1000am meeting) 
 I'm losing it.  GLAD YOU LOOKED!!! 
 I still have to fix the liquidated damages/termination stuff, but here's a redline for you to look at.  I picked up the comments from others (Terry, Christi) and these should be lined as well.  I should be done soon. 
 Herd cats.  That's what we do.  I've just tightened up FM a little.  I'm trying to make it easy to=20 understand. By the way, we don't suspend O & M, so I guess they still have = to=20 pay it.   10.1 Force Majeure.  If either Party is rendered unable by Force Majeure to= =20 carry out, in whole or part, its obligations under this Agreement and such= =20 Party gives notice and full details of the event to the other Party as soon= =20 as practicable after the occurrence of the event, then during the period of= =20 such Force Majeure but for no longer period, the obligations of the Party= =20 affected by the event (other than the obligation to make payments, other th= an=20 the Demand Charges under the circumstances described in Section 10.2) shall= =20 be suspended to the extent required.  Without limiting the foregoing, any= =20 hours during which Seller is unable to deliver the Scheduled Energy by Buye= r=20 due to an event of Force Majeure shall not be included as hours during whic= h=20 Seller has failed to deliver Energy for the purpose of determining the Forc= ed=20 Outage Rate under Section 4.6. The Party affected by the Force Majeure shal= l=20 remedy the Force Majeure with all reasonable dispatch; provided, however,= =20 that this provision shall not require Seller or Buyer to (i) settle any=20 strikes or other labor disputes or (ii) deliver or receive Energy at points= =20 other than the Delivery Points. 10.2 Effect of Force Majeure.  In the event of a Force Majeure event=20 affecting Seller=01,s ability to Deliver Scheduled Energy from the Facility= , the=20 following shall occur: =20 (a) Seller shall as soon as reasonably practicable use commercially=20 reasonable efforts to fulfill its obligations to deliver Scheduled Energy= =20 from Market Sources until notice is provided pursuant to Section 10.2(b)=20 below. (b) Not later than ten (10) Days following the onset of the Force Majeure= =20 event, Seller shall issue a notice to Buyer (i) stating that Seller will=20 continue to fulfill its obligations to Buyer hereunder from Market Sources= =20 until the Force Majeure event is terminated or overcome, or (ii) declaring= =20 Force Majeure, and stating its intention to not serve from Market Sources. = =20 (c) If the Seller declares Force Majeure under Section 10.2 (b) (ii), Buyer= =01,s=20 responsibility for paying the Demand Charge shall be suspended until Seller= =20 has notified Buyer that Seller is ready to resume the delivery of Energy, a= t=20 which time Buyer shall incur liablility for Demand Charges from that date= =20 forward.  The date that Buyer=01,s obligation to pay Demand Charges will be= =20 suspended shall be determined in accordance with Section 10.2. (d).  The=20 Demand Charge will be prorated on a daily basis during the period that Buye= r=01, s obligation is suspended in accordance with this Article. (d) If Buyer does not Schedule Energy during the ten (10) day evaluation=20 period and Seller declares Force Majuere under Section 10.2 (b) (ii), then= =20 Buyer=01,s relief of the obligation to pay the Demand Charge shall commence= as=20 of the date of the Force Majeure event. If, during the ten (10) day=20 evaluation period referenced above, Buyer Schedules Energy and Seller=20 continues to Deliver Energy, but then declares Force Majeure, Buyer=01,s re= lief=20 from the obligation to pay the Demand Charge shall commence on the date of= =20 the declaration of Force Majeure and not on the date of onset of the Force= =20 Majeure event.  If, during the ten (10) day evaluation period Buyer Schedul= es=20 Energy and Seller initially Delivers Energy but subsequently fails to=20 Deliver, Buyer shall be relieved of the obligation to pay the Demand Charge= =20 from the date Seller fails to Deliver Energy, and not on the date of onset = of=20 the Force Majeure event.  Such relief from the Demand Charge shall be=20 computed on a daily basis. =20 In the event of a Force Majeure affecting Buyer=01,s ability to receive Ene= rgy=20 from Seller, payment of the Demand Charge shall continue. 
 I'm working as fast as I can.  Things connect together, so it takes a little while.  I think I'm about done with the hard stuff. 
 I know I'm repeating myself...thank you, thank you, thank you.... 
 No problem.  I got some comments from Accounting, but I'm fine if you want it to go out with the caveat that Enron has a couple of minor administrative points to clear up.  Kay 
 Maybe we give it a couple of hours.  I'm getting nervous, but I tell myself that whatever works out will be for the best. 
 713 973 6325 
 How close did I get?  10.2 Effect of Force Majeure.  In the event of a Force Majeure event=20 affecting Seller=01,s ability to Deliver Scheduled Energy from the Facility= , the=20 following shall occur: =20 (a) Seller shall as soon as reasonably practicable use commercially=20 reasonable efforts to fulfill its obligations to deliver Scheduled Energy= =20 from Market Sources until notice is provided pursuant to Section 10.2(b)=20 below.  do we want to delete this?  Gary didn't seem to like it. (b) Not later than ten (10) Days following the onset of the Force Majeure= =20 event, Seller shall (i) issue a notice to Buyer stating whether Seller will= =20 continue to fulfill its obligations to Buyer hereunder from Market Sources= =20 until the Force Majeure event is terminated or (ii) declare Force Majeure a= nd=20 relieve Buyer from its obligation to pay the Demand Charge during the time= =20 that Seller is unable to meet its obligations hereunder, computed on a dail= y=20 basis.  If Buyer does not Schedule Energy during the ten (10) day evaluatio= n=20 period and Seller declares Force Majuere, then  Buyer=01,s relief of the=20 obligation to pay the Demand Charge shall commence as of the date of the=20 Force Majeure event. (c) If, during the ten (10) day evaluation period referenced above, Buyer= =20 Schedules Energy and Seller continues to Deliver Energy, but then declares= =20 Force Majeure, Buyer=01,s relief from the obligation to pay the Demand Char= ge=20 shall commence on the date of the declaration of Force Majeure and not on t= he=20 date of onset of the Force Majeure event.  If, during the ten (10) day=20 evaluation period Buyer Schedules Energy and Seller initially Delivers Ener= gy=20 but subsequently fails to Deliver, Buyer shall be relieved of the obligatio= n=20 to pay the Demand Charge from the date Seller fails to Deliver Energy, and= =20 not on the date of onset of the Force Majeure event.  Such relief from the= =20 Demand Charge shall be computed on a daily basis. =20 In the event of a Force Majeure affecting Buyer=01,s ability to receive Ene= rgy=20 from Seller, payment of the Demand Charge shall continue. 10.3 Termination Due to Force Majeure. If an event of Force Majeure continu= es=20 in effect for twelve (12) consecutive Months, then the Party not declaring= =20 Force Majeure may terminate this Agreement upon providing written notice of= =20 such termination to the other Party (but if such event of Force  Majeure=20 terminates before any such termination notice is provided, then this=20 Agreement shall continue in full force and effect). 
 I just checked my messages.  Nothing from SF yet. 
 Yes.  1 and 1/2 hrs. 
 Now you know why I'm at home. 
 I've returned the Staff's phone call, but got voice mail.  It would be helpful to discuss this before I talk to them.  Could we schedule something around noon (or later)?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I called in for the Finance meeting.  I'm trying to finish up an important document and could never get a half hour without interruption.  I should be in after lunch.  Kay 
 What do you think of this? (sorry it isn't redlined yet)  (b) Intra-Day Scheduling. Buyer may, upon at least four (4) Hours minimum= =20 advance notice to Seller, request changes to a Schedule by way of an=20 Intra-Day Schedule Notice. Any such changes shall be in increments of at=20 least 50 MW and may not exceed the Contract Capacity nor reduce the Schedul= e=20 to less than four (4) Hours. If the Intra-Day Schedule Notice requires an= =20 increase in the Scheduled Energy per the Day-Ahead Schedule Notice, Seller= =20 shall, at its sole discretion determine whether to dispatch the Facility or= =20 provide Energy from Market Sources.  Seller shall use commercially reasonab= le=20 efforts to provide Buyer with a price to accommodate Buyer=01,s Intra-Day= =20 Schedule Notice. Such price shall include lost profit from any transaction= =20 which would be cancelled in order to accommodate Buyer=01,s Intra-Day Sched= ule=20 Notice, plus all additional costs (whether direct or indirect); provided,= =20 however, that such costs shall be limited to costs actually incurred by=20 Seller (including cost of cover, penalties, liquidated damages, cancellatio= n=20 charges or the like due to another Person) with respect to (i) transactions= =20 entered into by Seller with other Persons prior to receipt of Buyer=01,s=20 Intra-Day Schedule Notice (provided that such transactions and the terms=20 thereof can be verified in an audit to be performed in accordance with=20 Section 8.3, (ii) transactions that must be entered into by Seller in order= =20 to accommodate Buyer=01,s Intra-Day Schedule Notice or (iii) extra costs=20 incurred in operating the Facility to accommodate such notice.  For the=20 avoidance of doubt, such costs shall not include Seller=01,s lost opportuni= ty=20 costs with respect to transactions that Seller may have been able to obtain= =20 but were not entered into by Seller prior to receipt of the Intra-Day=20 Schedule Notice.  If Buyer accepts Seller=01,s price, then the Schedule sha= ll be=20 revised to reflect the changes. If Seller is unable to accommodate Buyer=01= ,s=20 Intra-Day Schedule Notice, such Hours shall not be included as Scheduled=20 Energy for the purpose of determining the Forced Outage Rate. Seller shall= =20 have the right, but not the obligation, to resell any Energy not taken by= =20 Buyer due to a decrease in Energy pursuant to an Intra-Day Schedule Notice= =20 provided, however, that the revenues from any such sales will be offset=20 against the additional costs to be charged to Buyer as provided in this=20 Section 3.4(c). (d) 
 I'm at home this am, working. 
 Here are my comments:  Revise  "whereas" clauses to make it an option for an easement, not a current grant of an easement.  Should we be able to enter all of Parcel 2 for due diligence, as opposed to just the easement area?  (paragraph 7)  Matt, I wanted you to be aware of paragraph 17.  Kay 
 I'm at home this am trying to get it finished up.  I just couldn't get 15 clear minutes at the office. 
 Thank you for your response.  It is always refreshing to get good news! 
 Looks like 200 Friday,  May 18th for a status/download meeting.  Suz, please find a room and notify folks and their assistants.  Thanks,  Kay 
 viola 
 I need to set up a conference call with the outside lawyer who will be drafting the lease (and other docs).  Who would like to participate in the call?  How about Thursday am?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I don't think I saw that happen. 
  Speaking of options.... 
 Nancy,  I knew you were thinking about it, so I didn't worry.  I'm monkeying around the PPA, only because I had a meeting with Ozzie and Heather late last night.  Will you be picking up emails in the next day or so?  I can forward you what I've done for your review.  We need to get a Enron/BP dialogue going concerning the lease with the City of Rocky Mount.  When do you want to discuss this (or have us discuss it with the right B & P person)?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Karen,  Our accounting contact is leaving tomorrow at 100, so it would be helpful to get this information as soon as possible.  It would also help if you could send a redline against the version I had sent you, as this was the last draft reviewed by Accounting.  Thanks,  Kay 
 No good deed goes unpunished. 
 I think it would be a good idea.  We really need the ENTIRE executed contract, with change orders (opps, said that already), and I only have an electronic copy. 
 So do you know where the piece of the contract came from?  Maybe we can track down the rest.  I have seen an electronic copy of a contract which may or may not be the correct one since the delivery date is last June.  I think ENA needs a complete copy of the contract, including any executed change orders. Do you think someone in your group might have that?  Many thanks,  Kay 
 FYI.  Maybe I should take this project if we want to keep AE.  Kay 
 My fax number is 63491.  FYI, I want to see if we are in compliance with the confidentiality provisions of those contracts.  In fact, I would  like to get a copy of the 501 D contract (I have the GE contract).  Do you have a copy of the entire thing?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Gregg,  Sheila was telling me that Enron has an ISDA agreement with Peoples, and there's some guaranty language there, also.  I'll try to track this down.  Kay  ps I've asked Sara for the ISDA agreement.  I'll let you know when I get it. 
 Hi Guys,  I'm trying to figure out what info we submitted from which turbine contracts.  Could someone please identify the contract and what was sent to Allyson?  Thanks,  Kay 
 HOUSTON (Dow Jones)--In the latest update of Enron Corp.'s (ENE, news, msgs) bandwidth trading activities, the company's chairman said Tuesday that it has completed about 90 trades of telecommunications bandwidth. Speaking at the Dain Rauscher Energy 2000 Conference, Enron Chairman Ken Lay talked about the current status and futures plans the company has for bandwidth trading and broadband services. Asked what kind of company Enron is, Lay gave an answer that shows the recent expansion of the company's business strategy beyond energy. Enron is still basically "an energy and broadband company," he said. While energy is still the source of most of Enron's revenue, Lay's answer underlines the growth potential it sees in broadband services and bandwidth trading. A number of Enron officials have been quoted in the last year as saying that, in a few years, it could be making as much money from those areas as it now makes from its lucrative natural gas and power businesses. Enron plans to spend $600 million-$650 million this year and about the same amount over the next two to three years on broadband and bandwidth trading, Lay said. It will spend more during that time if necessary. In fact, the company is planning to sell energy assets around the world in emerging markets that aren't growing quickly enough to meet Enron's standards. Proceeds will be deployed into businesses like broadband and bandwidth trading, which are growing more quickly, he said. In pioneering bandwidth trading as a commodity, Enron's 90 bandwidth deals put it far ahead of competitors in that nascent market area. El Paso Energy Corp. (EPG, news, msgs) officials have said they have done 5-10 bandwidth trades this year. Companies like Williams Communications Group (WCG, news, msgs) won't talk about the number of bandwidth trades they have made. Bandwidth is the capacity to move data between two points on a telecommunications network. Enron will finish deploying its domestic telecommunications network by the end of this year, Lay said. Some of the fiber-optic network will be lit, or made operational, this year with the rest to be lit later. The company has four bandwidth trading pooling points completed in New York, Los Angeles, Las Vegas and London. Enron's current plans call for a total of 13 pooling points. Bandwidth trading pooling points are facilities where telecom carriers can connect to each other to allow data to flow from one carrier to another, facilitating bandwidth trading. Enron plans to begin delivering movies to home via broadband connections in December as part of its deal with Blockbuster Video and a number of telecom carriers. The deal is a 20-year exclusive, worldwide deal with a potential contract value of more than $1 billion to Enron, according to materials the company handed out at the conference. By Michael Rieke, Dow Jones Newswires, 713-547-9207, michael.rieke@wsj.com Quote for referenced ticker symbols: ENE, EPG, WCG, WMB  , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 I think all of us who deal with assets are running across confidentiality hurdles in all kinds of agreements, including confidentiality agreements.  In short, our business people need the ability to disclose agreements to potential purchasers of projects, contracts and assets, and not all of our forms allow this.  I'm trying to include an exception for "potential lenders and investors" whenever I can (instead of just lenders). Does someone have a more artful or effective solution?  Just wanted to share the thought so that more eyes could be watching for the issue.  Kay 
 I don't know what I have in mind.  Austin?  Palacios?  I'm still struggling with the concept that if we see my parents for a holiday, we have to include your mom, or vice versa.  That just wasn't how it worked in our family growing up - we typically spent holidays with one or the other, rarely with both. I'm trying to figure out the rules.  I haven't heard from St Francis yet.  Kay 
 One more thing.  Did someone send you copies of equipment contracts?  Those have confidentiality provisions which need to be considered.  Therefore, please advise what you received from Enron in that regard.  I was under the impression that most of what we were submitting we were submitting as confidential information, specifically including the responses to the Public Staff's data requests.  I don't recall the specifics at this point.  Thanks again,  Kay 
 Hi Heather,  The confidentiality agreement signed by Enron/Vepco states as follows:  Except as required by law, neither party hereto nor their representatives will disclose to any person either the fact that discussions or negotiations are taking place between them not any terms, conditions or other fact with respect to any transaction that may be proposed or undertaken, including the status thereof.  -------------------------------------------------------------  We can loosen up the terms in the contract so that we can disclose certain terms to potential investors (I'll make that change), or we can discuss amending this agreement.  Additionally, it looks like we have the testimony and application filed with the Public Staff to work with.  Kay 
 This information is helpful.  Is the draft of the PPA submitted by VEPCO confidential?  Thanks,  Kay 
 This may be our best bet. 
 I'll defer to Sheila on timing. 
 Hi Kay,  I hate to admit this, but I need another copy of whatever confidentiality agreement we have with Virginia Power.  Thanks again,  Kay 
 Hi Allyson,  Someone was asking which of the information we have filed is public information.  Is the petition itself public?  What else would be public?  I know this is a variation to the "what is confidential" question. Once again, your assistance is appreciated.  Kay 
 Hi there,  Any luck with the form to work with on the affilate/epc/97 10 compliant contract?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Cle,  We need a revolving loan agreement between Midwest (now enovate) and Enron. Please call me at your convenience to discuss (713 345 7566).  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here tis.  We'll be turning a new draft to Peoples today or tomorrow, but I figure it needs to go to Allyson now.  Kay 
 Hi Sara,  I believe we still have an interest in using an Enron form as a go by for the Enron/Peoples activities.  If you can give me what you are comfortable with, I will make sure it is transmitted with the appropriate caveats, confidentiality restrictions, etc.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Allyson,  Here is a very recent version of the PPA:    Kay 
 Sorry for the inconvenience.  Ozzie had to leave town, and he wanted to participate in the first meeting. I'm sure we will get something worked out.  Kay 
 As soon as I get a redline, I'll get it to Accounting and we can go forward quickly.  I will also process the Virgil and Joan Ledford deal at the same time.  I just had a meeting cancel for tomorrow, which will help.  Kay 
 Viola 
 FYI,  I have a call with Wilson and David scheduled for Thursday am.  ckm 
 Karen,  Please send me the revised version with the language you believe reflects Rusty's suggestion. Otherwise, I will have to go to Accounting twice.  Please email me with the specific performance language you want to add to meet their request.  Thank you,  Kay 
 Due to a last minute conflict, we need to reschedule this meeting.  How does everybody look for Wednesday?  Sorry for any inconvenience.  Kay 
 Here are my observations:  I agree with Rusty re: the put option complicating things for us.  Second, there has to be an absolute end to this agreement at some point. If we want to have an automatic extension by commencing construction, there still needs to be a date certain after which we can go forward without them no matter what.  In other words, if we want to add the language Rusty suggested, it should be limited to x months after the expiration of the option agreement. We'll need to run this back through Accounting.  I really don't like the inclusion of the language in paragraph 5. If we add the language requested in paragraph 5, we need to run this agreement back through Accounting, and we may need to add some other additional language.  I don't know if Rusty and Fred think we may need a zoning change for this parcel.  Kay 
 It is mainly a tax issue (whether we have to pay franchise tax), and ENA Tax says we don't need to register.  At least that's how I understood it.  I'll double check.  We can do the name change and register later.  That's no problem.  Kay 
 Good.  I feel better.  I just don't think we owe them enough yet. 
 This makes me crazy.  I ask her to send me a document, and she copies TWO partners on the transmittal, plus Fred and Rusty. 
 Karen,  I don't run across many people without email these days. Big hassle.  It is so much easier to check for certain issues with an electronic copy.  I'm looking for the Fehr option, but the latest I have on my computer is the version I emailed to you on August 30th.  Is there a more up-to-date version, and if so, could you please mail it to me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 No surprises with CW.  She's very nice to me, but she does like to keep very specific hours.  I get the impression that leaving 15 minutes past 5 really bothers her.  Just watch, and see. 
 I'm going to work really hard this week to see if I can catch up a bit, and take a day off soon. 
 My understanding is that Illinois is the only one, unless enovate will have employees or inventory in any other states.  It is my understanding that it will not.  Gregg, Russell, Matt, please speak up if I'm missing something.  Kay 
 John,  After considerning what you told me about the job (and what you didn't tell me), I've decided to decline the job you aren't offering me.  Kay 
 I'm looking at it right now.  Could you please email it to me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I can come! 
 I suppose a location would help! Location TBD, I'll make sure you get a call.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 Hi Karen,  I'm looking at a version which was faxed on Sept 13.  If this the final version?  Expecting the answer to be "yes", I am reviewing it now.  Kay 
 Lisa Bills and Brian Barto are also invited.  I haven't heard from anyone yet.  Please call the list around 200 to see if people are available.  Also, can you find a conference room?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Lisa,  I inadvertently left you off the list.  Hope you can come.  Kay 
 I should have included you also.  Are you available?  Thanks,  Kay 
 How about meeting in advance of tomorrow's 130 phone call to discuss the approach we want to take with GE?  I'm suggesting 400 this afternoon.  Please let me know how this works for you.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Long conference calls make me happy about having email.  Do you want Brian/Lisa/anyone else commercial?  Kay 
 Don't know how I missed this.  Must have put it in my Midway file without looking.  Thanks,  Kay 
 http://www.ots.enron.com/~legal/ADDRESS.HTM 
 Power Assets is currently Sheila's group, pre-reorg. 
 FYI, Reagan is a man, a developer in Ben Jacoby's group.  I checked the paper for an obit about Don.  Was there one?  How was his mother?  Are you going to Jillian's on Thursday?  Can't wait to see pics.  I'll be by soon.  Kay 
 I'm trying to avoid a two elevator ride, if possible.  God forbid I should take the stairs!  I'll let you know what he comes up with, if anything.  Kay 
 fyi 
 Just want you to know that I should be getting an EPC  form to work on from EECC re 9710. I didn't get to discuss this with J. Schwartzenburg on Friday, since I didn't see him for after work on Friday.  I opted to see Michael instead since I had been out of town.  I've got the form break out contract for the LM 6000's.  I'll get it ready for you to review re the ESA deal.  It will probably take me a few days to get it in shape to let it go.  Hope you've had a great weekend.  I don't  think the weather could have been better.  Kay 
 Hi Sheila,  Shall we try to get the Enron groups together to discuss the approach we want to take with GE in our next phone call?  If so, please advise of any time you have available on Monday, and I'll get it set up.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please calendar.  Also, Thursday is my mom's birthday, so I need to remember to shop for her at lunch tomorrow.  Thanks,  Kay 
 If I show, it will be only to lend support to those with real input, AND to show legal department solidarity (ie, avoid later lawyer shopping).  Thanks for the info.  Kay 
 I have Michael's name pinned on my bulletin board at work, so he is in my thoughts and prayers daily.  Good luck!  Kay 
 What could be better than a meeting on an interconnection agreement?  I know I need to organize another turn of the C&E agreement.  I'm going to give it a look and see what open issues we might have.  Kay  PS  Isn't the weather perfect?  I thought of our friends in VA and NC with the hurricane remnants headed their way.  Hope it isn't too bad. 
 Hi Reagan,  Is a conference room available on 29?  We are having a hard time finding a meeting place.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please see if there is any way we can have it in the same elevator bank.  I will ask to have it on 29, so you won't need to check there.  Hope you've had a great weekend.  The weather was PERFECT!!!!  Kay 
 Russell,  I don't believe we intend to qualify in all of those states.  Kay 
 I should mention 900am as the time!    Enron North America Corp. 
 Please see if you can get a conference room, allowing 2 hours for the meeting.  Thanks,  Kay 
 How does everybody look for a discussion concerning the VEPCO interconnection agreement on Tuesday, Sept 19?  I've checked with Christi, Mitch and Reagan, so they don't need to confirm.  Details to follow...  Thanks,  Kay 
 Is John there?  What do you want to do this weekend?  Should I thaw sausage for tonight?  ckm 
 Can you tell if the documents have been filed in the state of incorporation?  Could you send me an email with a description of what you learned about how this done?  I know the procedures weren't followed.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Sheila and I discussed using the time at 130 CDT for an internal discussion, bringing her up-to-speed on the issues and discussing action items.  Nothing set in concrete, though.  Kay 
 Today is not a good day for me to go out after work.  I'm planning on picking up my sweetie (Michael) from school, since I've been out of town.  I would vote for the Roll-in.  No question.  I would buy just to see Keffer there.  Kay 
 Here at Enron the lawyers generate risk memos in connection with transactions, summarizing the more important legal risks in a deal.  I've been taking notes along the way, but I will be asking you for your thoughts here shortly.  A discussion will be all I'm looking for at this time.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Sheila,  When you have a moment (ha ha) could I get a copy of a couple of power project risk memos?  Thanks,  Kay 
 For your information. 
 Scott,  I'll give you what we got from FCE when we meet at 300.  Remind me if I forget!  Kay 
 fyi  Kay 
 Hi guys,  Just wanted to check to see if there is a "go by" affiliate EPC contract, destined to be 97 10 compliant?  I'm ready to start working on it from ENA's standpoint.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Deb,  Could you please check with the state of incorporation (I believe Delaware) and the Corp Secretary's office to see if the papers have been processed in both places?  Thanks,  Kay 
 The real deal: 
 Please prepare Sheila and I notebooks with the following emails and attachments printed (all located in my GE General email folder):  Stephen Swift  May 10 re warranty Stephen Swift May 10 re performance tests Thompson May 10 issues list Thompson May 11 Agreement version 4 Thompson May 11  Exhibits  Thanks!  Kay 
 Let me clarify.  She sold the place when the city put in bike lanes because it screwed up the parking.  I've heard wonderful, divey things about the Roll-in.   A top prospect. 
 You are my hero.... 
 Could you please email me the names of the officers of Enrow MW, LLC?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I should be in the office after 1100 on Friday.  Are you available?  Kay 
 Sounds good to me.  Next week, that is, not St. Louis. 
 Sheila,  Just want you to know that I am thinking of you as I amuse myself, waiting for my meeting to begin.  Kay 
 I gave Ben a very preliminary draft recently, then I left town (I'm in Chicago today, NYC yesterday).  I want to make sure I've addressed his concerns before drafts start floating around.  He and I are trying to get coordinated so that we can widen the circle a bit.  Hope this answers your questions.  Kay 
 Hey there.  I don't think I've been fishing since July.  Geez, it is half way through September.  I'm in Chicago today (NYC yesterday).  A whirl wind tour.  I hear the Aquarium closed - killed by bike lanes.  Two weeks later the owner died.  We need to find a "new" dive.  Kay 
 Hello from Chicago.  I'm in Enron's offices, so I can pick up email.  Once I figure out what is going on with the ENA Legal reorganization, I should be able to figure out who to ask about hiring needs.  Then we should talk about how to get John into the program.  Maybe EECC has too many lawyers now.  How ironic, considering how busy we were this time last year. Things change!  Talk to you soon,  Kay 
 I'm walking into the lion's den on Thursday (a/k/a Chicago) to discuss various matters.  I know Laura is anxious to move forward on the Manlove deal.  I thought it might be really neat if we (Legal) could have a game plan for this deal, described by Laura as being "like the Bammel deal".  If I can get Laura to commit to a time, how about a conference call to discuss where to go with this?  I'm taking the long way to Chicago (via Connecticut), but will be checking voice mail, etc.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Matt,  I understand that John Rigby sent you a draft of the standard turbine contract.  Just thought you should know that it will be a E-Next type doc.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Julie,  Do I have seat assignments on the last two legs?  Many thanks,  Kay 
 fyi.  No hotel in NYC yet... 
 Just to complete the picture. 
 Laura,  I'll be in your offices 1st thing Thursday morning.  Is that a good time fo= r=20 you?  Kay 
 fyi 
 One of them is essential to the call.  If they can't change the time but 130 Central is still ok with them, then leave it as is.  Please leave me a voice mail of the outcome.  Kay 
 Hey Ken,  I'm so sorry.  I'm not trying to hide!  I just found out I have a 300 flight to NYC on a deal I know little about, then on to Chicago, no hotel rooms in either city but GOTTA GO, not sure of the return. In short, I've been Enronized. I picked up your number on a scrap of paper instead of the travel agent's number (different scrap of paper I still have not found), and when you answered I couldn't figure out who I called. At least your email helped me get back to reality.  I apologize for the confusion, for not getting back to you, etc.  Please don't read anything into it other than your glimpse into Enron. My sense is I'd better not commit to anything this week, since I literally don't know whether I am coming or going.  Thanks,  Kay 
 flying to NYC at 330 on CO.  Don't know flight number.  Don't know where I'm staying in NYC.  WED: Fly from Newark to Chicago tomorrow at 645 pm.  Don't know where I'm staying in Chicago.  THURS: Fly from Chicago to Houston, leaving at 200pm, arriving at 428.  That's all I know for now.  Kay 
 Important question...  Where should I stay in Chicago?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Ben,  We have a draft of the VEPCO "standard" interconnect, which has been internally reviewed by Mitch Robinson and Christi Nicolay.  Would you like a copy? Nancy Wodka (Bracewell & Patterson, DC office) is outside counsel working on it as well.  We have had no substantive discussions with VEPCO about this agreement at all.  Let me know how you want to proceed.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Opps.  I didn't notice C Sherman's name.  I'm unclear as to whether Herman needs it also. 
 I'm either losing my mind or my email.  Did you send me an email re GE?  I thought I saw one, but now I can't find it. Is that a trick, and if so, how do I do it?  Could you resend it, please?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please check with Mike Barnas,Kent Shoemaker (GE contact list) and Rose Engeldorf and see if they are available at either 1100 Central tomorrow or 100 Central.  If that works for them, please reschedule the conference call, send a confirming email to Mike, Steve Swift, Kent, Marty, Scott, Rose, Sheila (and leave her a voice mail -she is on the road), etc.  Thanks!  Kay  PS.  I have a 330 flight today- Heather arranged.  I'll let you know the details when I have them.  I'll travel to Chicago tomorrow, returning to Houston tomorrow at a decent hour. 
 Please add this name to the Virginia Power part of the list. 
 Hi Neil,  Looks like I'm headed to the Big Apple today, then Chicago tomorrow, back on Thursday.  I'll fill you in on the details when I have them.  Love,  Kay 
 This is the VEPCO contact list, as far as I know.  Do we have another one? (opps!) This is the one Gloria did while you were on holiday in the West. (Doesn't that sound good?)  Kay 
 Please add Lisa Bills, Chris Herron and Mitch Robinson.  You have Lisa's info on the GE list.  Thanks,  Kay 
 fyi 
 Here's a draft.  More names are being added, so feel free to suggest more that we forgot/overlooked, including those external to Enron.  Please send the info directly to Suzanne Adams.  Lisa, Mitch and Chris, you will be on the next draft.  Sorry for the oversight this time around.  Thank you,  Kay 
 Is there a time limit for lodging an objection? 
 Herman Manis will need the opportunity to review, also.  ckm 
 It currently appears that I will be on the road Wednesday and Thursday. Figures!  I am going to send you a copy of the marked up interconnection agreement, which has comments from various Enron people. I thought it might help you think about which way to head.  I would appreciate receiving an electronic file of the IC you prepared.  Talk to you soon,  Kay 
 I guess you are having some kinda fun over there, hitting the forward button.  Actually, I appreciate the info. 
 Allyson,  What is the proceedure for objecting to a request (either the intervenor's or the Public Staff's)?  Is our position weakened in resisting an intervenor's request if we have given the same information to the Public Staff?  Thanks again,  Kay 
 Please note. 
 I won't be in Friday am, as I have a 900 appointment out of the office (another school visit - I hope we are almost done).  I don't know my travel plans yet.  I may ( or may not) be leaving today.  If not, I will be leaving tomorrow.  I don't need you to make any arrangements yet.  Kay 
 Hi there.  I changed our SF appointment to 900 on Friday.  We have not been successful in getting a hotel room anywhere close to where we are going.  There is some big fashion convention in NY, and the rooms are booked as far away as Danbury, Connecticut.  Wild, isn't it?  Heather says there is a chance that we will fly out tomorrow, spend tomorrow night in NY, then I can fly to Chicago Thursday am.  I still plan on flying back on Thursday pm so that I can make that 900 appointment.  That may mean taking the midnight flight, but what the heck.  I'll keep you posted.  Kay 
 Can the gas company also make the same requests? 
 Calif Pwr Woes Tuesday, September 12, 2000 08:15 AM    ?Mail this article to a friend  (This article was originally published Monday) WASHINGTON (Dow Jones)--The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission has limited authority to address flawed electricity markets in California and alleged price gouging by power producers, but will act to overhaul the state's wholesale power markets if necessary, FERC Chairman James Hoecker told a congressional panel Monday. The commission was ready to act once the results of an expedited staff investigation of problems affecting power markets in the U.S. West becomes available, Hoecker said in testimony presented to a San Diego field hearing of the House Commerce Committee's energy panel. "If we need to fix market rules or market structures within our jurisdiction, we will do so," Hoecker told lawmakers. And if price gouging is occurring "as some have alleged," he added, "we will respond accordingly, by revoking market-based rates or otherwise." However, Hoecker stressed that the commission's authority is limited under the Federal Power Act. "The commission has limited ability to relieve the immediate customer crisis. Important aspects of this problem are a state responsibility, such as authorizing construction of new generation and transmission facilities," Hoecker testified. The commission can't act to limit prices charged by power providers "until we have a record supporting such action," he said, referring to the results of the pending staff investigation. Further, he said, the law bars FERC from ordering retroactive refunds to San Diego Gas & Electric Co. for the power it purchased this summer to serve its retail customer base. Hoecker testified before the House Commerce Committee's Energy and Power Subcommittee, which is looking into the supply shortages in California this summer that have forced San Diego electricity consumers to pay twice as much for power as they did a year ago. State Mkt Structure Blamed For Crisis The hearing comes after much wrangling at FERC, as SDG&E, a unit of Sempra Energy (SRE, news, msgs), sought an order setting price caps for power bid into the state-sponsored electricity exchange, and power producers sought an order allowing cost recovery for lost opportunity sales if the state's independent grid operator curtailed sales outside California, where price controls don't apply. FERC hasn't yet responded to the producers, and deferred action on SDG&E's bid for price controls until the staff investigation is completed. But it left in place an order allowing the independent system operator to limit the price it pays for power, which acts as a de facto cap on prices bid into the power exchange. Hoecker, while withholding judgment pending the staff probe, appeared to place much of the blame for this summer's crisis with the state-mandated market structure, which left San Diego consumers subject to spot-market volatility. And he appeared to suggest that FERC's order directing utilities to transfer transmission assets to control of large regional transmission organizations, or RTOs, will offer an opportunity to develop a regional solution to the power-supply problem. FERC deferred to California in restructuring the wholesale market in California because its experience with new market institutions such as power exchanges and ISOs was limited, Hoecker said. Other states, such as Pennsylvania, were "less prescriptive than California in telling the commission how their wholesale markets should operate," Hoecker noted. Now, with FERC's Order 2000 encouraging formation of RTOs, "the commission is in a very different posture with respect to the structure of wholesale markets," he said. "Large regional markets can be made to work effectively," Hoecker told the lawmakers, citing the Pennsylvania restructuring as an example. Other witnesses were more forceful in criticizing the state-mandated market structure. By requiring the state's three investor-owned utilities to purchase all their electricity from the power exchange and limiting their ability to hedge price risks by entering into long-term fixed-price contracts, the state left consumers subject to volatility in the state-mandated spot market, said officials with Enron Corp. (ENE, news, msgs) and Reliant Energy (REI, news, msgs). California's market structure "placed no economic incentives on the default utility providers to look out for the costs that are ultimately passed on to their consumers," Reliant's John Stout testified. "San Diego's experience offers the Congress an unparalleled opportunity to learn from a bungled attempt at deregulation," said Michael Shames, executive director of Utility Consumer's Action Network. Shames and other witnesses warned the congressional committee that California's electricity crisis is likely to occur in other regions of the country unless steps are taken to free up interstate trade in power and allow FERC to better police markets. "California is just the latest problem area in U.S. power markets and, unless policymakers act quickly, it will not be the last," said Enron Corp. (ENE, news, msgs) Steven Kean executive vice president. "Unless Congress and FERC are willing to address the interstate issues that are beyond the jurisdiction of state legislators and regulators, I predict that our experience in San Diego is indicative of what others will encounter in trying to create a competitive electricity market," said Edwin Guiles, Sempra's president of regulated operations. "This electricity crisis is not a California-only problem," said Rep. Brian Bilbray, R-Calif., who represents San Diego and requested Monday's hearing. "We will continue to be in this mess if state and federal officials don't work together to find long-term solutions to the flaws in the marketplace," Bilbray said. -By Bryan Lee, Dow Jones Newswires, 202-862-6647, bryan.lee@dowjones.com Quote for referenced ticker symbols: EIX, ENE, PCG, REI, SRE  , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 Hi Allyson,  What is your impression of why the NC attorney general's office has intervened in the CPCN proceeding?  Is this typical?  Does the AG's office (or any other intervenor) have any special rights to discover any of the confidential information we file?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Just in case I forget to mention it, I need to move our SF visit to Friday am, due to travel plans.  Is this still ok with you?  Kay 
 Due to the size of this possible transaction, I thought I would keep you in the loop on its status.  We submitted a bid with caveats as to its non-binding nature, and suggested an alternative structure.  In response, Navigant issued questions. John Llodra has compiled answers, which appear to be fine to me.  We  (Legal) have been instructed to standby, awaiting commercial guidance as to whether we will be going forward.  I believe Klauberg has either cleared conflicts or initiated the process, so if we go forward, he should be our man.  I will let you know once a go/no go decision is reached.   Kay 
 I'm working on the agreement, but since it is taking longer than I had hope= d,=20 I wanted to send you my understanding of the basic premise for your input. = =20 I'll continue to refine/integrate this into a real document while you revie= w=20 the important stuff:    Hub Services.=20  =01&Hub Services=018 include (a) transactions entered into by MEH or the PG= L HUB=20 which are subject to Peoples' Hub FERC operating statement, and (b) all=20 physical transactions which require the use of the Manlove or Mohammad fiel= ds=20 (also known as =01&exchange=018 or =01&enhanced hub=018 services).=20  The profit [what is profit? Obviously before tax, but otherwise a GAAP=20 standard?] from Hub Services shall be split as follows:  ? For transactions entered into between February 15, 2000 through September= =20 30, 2000, the profit shall be equally shared.  ? For transactions entered into from October 1, 2000 to September 30, 2001= =20 (and successive years until September 30, 2004), Peoples will receive the= =20 first $4 million in profit (cumulative, not annual), and will Enron receive= =20 the next $1million in profit.  For any profit exceeding $5 million, Peoples= =20 and Enron will share any on a 50/50 basis.  This arrangement excludes all agency fees paid to MEH.  These fees will be= =20 shared 50/50 from the inception.=20  All internal costs incurred in the normal course of business will be borne = by=20 the party incurring same. All third party costs will be shared equally, and= =20 require MEH board approval.  PERC Peaking Agreement  PERC has contracts with PGL and with NICOR contracts relating to the=20 ethane/propane peaking facility. The two existing contracts pay a total of= =20 $2million (approximate or exact) in demand charges annually. Any profit=20 exceeding $2 million in a year will be shared by Peoples and Enron on a 50/= 50=20 basis.  If either of these contracts is extended in any form other than the current= =20 form, then Peoples and Enron share the demand charge and the profit on a=20 50/50 basis.  Other Transactions=20  Peoples and Enron will split the profit from any transactions other than=20 those described above on a 50/50 basis.=20    Kay 
 FYI.  We had a conference call this am.  I'll catch you up later.  Kay 
 Sorry Reagan, I just opened this email.  Kay 
 Hi Nancy,  We are getting geared up to look at the interconnection agreement and work on the land lease.  Just thought you might want to put it on the list of fun things to do in the future.  Kay 
 small green pressboard like you order for me 
 Thank you for this info.  Sounds like this is getting a fair amount of attention in the region.  I have your name written on a piece of paper.  Do I owe you a call?  Kay 
 Please print, place in folder (surprise, not a binder!) labeled CRRA Fuel Cell Agreements.  Thanks!! 
 Here's what I know about this deal so far. 
 Do you want to keep up with this, or pretend you never heard of Chicago? 
 Thanks.  I suspect I'll be in the loop on this one way or the other.  Do you want me to send you emails so you know what's up?  Kay 
 Wilson,  You should get a call from Suzanne, my assistant.  We're trying to set things up for Thursday am.  How does that look?  Kay 
 Today is kind of bleak.  Tuesday is good should something change for you.  Kay 
 Great idea.  By the way, do you know if Kathleen has been included in the law conference stuff?  Kay 
 Hi Kathleen,  I will try to take this one it.  There is a charge for it (I think) that the department picks up.  By the way, have you been invited to the ENA law conference at the Woodlands?  We need to get you in on that one.  Talk to you soon.  Kay 
 Here's what's hot, what's not:  Virginia Power - don't know how hot it is.  We should know more on Monday.  Chicago - just finished commenting on the Hub Agency agreement.  I would like to visit there next week. As you know, the Manlove monetization is still on the list.  Laura sent me her comments to the LOI yesterday - relatively mild, so the LOI should be going to Peoples in the near future.  You have the list that Gregg prepared on commercial/legal to do's, and he and I will work on those things next week.  LM stuff.  General consulting business; form 97-10 EPC for affiliate, form GE contract (drafted by AK) on the list.  ESA/ENA turbine sale.  Sent Ben a draft MOU.  Not a time hog.  Miscellaneous development stuff - land options, etc, for Fred and Rusty.  Not very time consuming.  Opps, I'm late for a meeting!  I can give you whatever details you need.  All things considered, I'm in pretty good shape.  Kay 
 I'm reading it now. 
 Ben,  Here's a draft of an MOU for the sale of the LMs and ABB equipment to ESA. One issue is when this transaction can close.  Since the equipment is owned by WestLB and since the feeling is we don't want to involve WestLB in the transaction, the actual transfer would take place at the termination of the WestLB facility.  If another approach is preferred, we will need to circle back with Lisa.  A second issue I see is with the concept that GE will need to look to both ENA (or WestLB's successor) for some of the payments, but look to ESA for payment for changes, storage, etc.  As far as I know, this concept hasn't been addressed with GE.  I re-calculated the overhead charge, so you might want to check it out.  I look forward to your comments.  Kay 
 Ok. 
 I wasn't sure if you got a copy of this.  Kay 
 John,  I noticed a different file name on this draft than the version Pete Thompson sent out.  How is this version different from Pete's?  I sure hate to have more than one version of this monster being vetted at the same time.  Thanks,  kay 
 I saw something on the intranet which says you can check all your benefits, etc , including vacation time.  It called for a password.  Did you receive a password for yours?  I wonder if it is the same as the password when you submit benefits.  Any ideas?  ckm 
 FYI.  I'm talking to Gregg on the phone now.  Kay 
 Hi Bob,  Does this have anything to do with the Wisconsin site you mentioned in the staff meeting?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Gregg,  It looks good for tomorrow.  I prefer not to schedule anything later than 300, if possible, just to give myself a chance to handle the end of the week details/crises.   Kay 
 Please hang on to this for future reference.  Thanks,  Kay 
 If anyone asks, I would prefer to have Gloria for our temp.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm ready for another trip to Chicago, to work on the details, the transfer pricing, the Manlove monetization, etc.  Would a day next week be good?  It would probably be helpful if Laura had some availability as well. Tuesday is bad for me, but Wednesday or Thursday looks good.  I'll look over the list and give you a call after lunch.  Kay 
 Enron Pres: Still Committed to Power Generation Business Wednesday, September 6, 2000 12:49 PM    ?Mail this article to a friend  By James Covert Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--Despite an increasing emphasis on wholesale trading rather than asset ownership in its electricity operations, Enron Corp. (ENE, news, msgs) will continue to develop and purchase power plants, president Jeffrey Skilling told Dow Jones Newswires on Wednesday. "Generation assets are essential to a successful trading operation," Skilling said, responding to recent trade reports that the company plans to exit the power generation business. The Houston-based energy company is "absolutely not" selling its power plants as part of its strategy, he said. Enron will continue to build and purchase natural gas-fired "peaking plants," which produce power only during times of high demand and wholesale prices, Skilling said. Enron has begun construction of a few such projects in the U.S. Midwest and South, and will continue development chiefly in the U.S and Europe, he said. "The margins are higher (in wholesale power markets) in Europe," Skilling said. "The market there is more fractional, and that creates more opportunities for someone who's playing across the board." Developments in Europe, particularly in southern Europe, also offer a higher per-unit rate of return, Skilling said. Nonetheless, Skilling did confirm that the company isn't interested in building larger-sized plants in any country, and that its construction goals may not be as lofty as those of other energy companies. "We are not interested in building base-load plants," Skilling said, referring to large power plants that produce power in steady quantities around the clock. "Base load simply delivers megawatts - that's a bulky, undifferentiated commodity," Skilling said. "But peaking plants allow us to play on the shape of the market of that commodity." Skilling declined to give any projections or figures related to Enron's future development plans, saying that they weren't set in stone. But Skilling said the company generally aims to site power plants where there are bottlenecks in the transmission system, and that Enron isn't focused on any one geographic region as opposed to others. "There are companies out there saying they're going to build 40,000 megwawatts by such-and-such a date, and I don't really see how that's possible," Skilling said. "There are just too many variables to approach markets like that." -By James Covert, Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-2061; james.covert@dowjones.com Quote for referenced ticker symbols: ENE  , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 If these are men's sizes, I'm a small.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Never stayed there.  My current favorite is the Omni, which is in one of may favorite locations. It has a little deli like shop across the street, where I can buy reasonably priced bagels, cokes, etc.  Last year I also stayed at the Marriott Marquis (BIG, right on Times Square) and the Mark (too snooty).  I stayed two other places I didn't like, but the names escape me.  I've seen some other smaller hotels which look nice, and if I check a map I might remember the names.  Kay 
 I will. 
 Not dead yet.  Ozzie and Heather are looking at some other possibilities. They don't want to lose momentum until it is clear that there aren't other viable alternatives.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI. 
 FYI. 
 We have scheduled a meeting to address the status of our discussions with GE, and develop an organized approach to some issues.  The meeting will be held at 130 in EB 38C2.  See you then,  Kay 
 Hi Ben,  Hope Day 1 of your daughter's illustrious academic career went well.  We are hoping to meet tomorrow at 130 Central in 38C2 to discuss GE issues. Sheila says you won't be here quite that soon, but it would be very helpful if you could join us once you get here.  Time permitting, we can discuss the ESA transaction once we are done with the GE stuff.  See you soon,  Kay 
 That's it, just HAPPY BIRTHDAY.  Hope no one is picking on you too badly today.  Kay 
 Thanks.  And thanks for the drink. 
 Is he availabe tomorrow?  Once you get a picture of availability (maybe you have it all ready), ask Sheila what she wants to do. She may want to re-schedule for tomorrow morning.  Kay 
 I'm going to be on this conference call (the David Tucker call) for a long time.  Would you mind getting me a Diet Coke?  I have the money in here, but I can't leave my desk.  I should have thought ahead.  Thanks!!!!!!  Kay 
 GE form contract, 1 1/2 hours. 
 It is worth a try, but it would be unusually generous of the power systems group to go along without push back.  At least now we will see where we stand.  Did Herman leave you a voice mail telling you that getting GE to sign off like this wouldn't do the trick? I'm guessing you've decided to appeal.  Kay 
 For future reference, Brian Barto does not participate in these calls.  No need to retract the invite at this point.  Kay 
 Hi Nancy,  I need to bring you up-to-speed on where we are, and share some comments from Virginia Power.  Please let me know a good time to visit.  Thanks,  Kay 
 For your reading pleasure, I'm sending a copy of the infamous 97-10.    Kay 
 That's it for now.  Kay 
 I just spoke to Sheila and she told me 130 Central, on Wednesdays. 
 We had a wonderful, quiet weekend. The wine was very good.  I drank it without food, as it was nice and light, which is how I like my reds.  It would have been good with a tomato based pasta, I think.  How do I find out how much vacation I have?  I know there's a system on the intranet.  I want to plan some time off this year, if possible.  I know how difficult it can get the longer I wait.  Thursday I won't be in until around noon. More Michael stuff.  Kay 
 Gregg Penman was ready, but I couldn't get David Tucker at Bracewell.  Did he forget?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Suz,  Please cancel the 930/Wednesday conference call, as we are changing the time.  Please confirm with Sheila what time we will have the call this week.  Thanks,  Kay 
 It is OURS, all OURS.  So what's the whopping balance now?  Kay 
 FYI 
 Can we swap days with Charlotte and go tomorrow? We need her to pick up Michael if we are going to go together.  ckm 
 Here it is. 
 This needs to be added to the Vepco contact list which Gloria started. Thanks, Kay 
 Hi Rusty,  Just checking to make sure you got this email.  Kay 
 I am absolutely delighted.  Kay 
 For comment, etc.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's a first draft.  It isn't quite done, but I wanted to let you have a look at it ASAP.  Kay 
 I never got the email.  Please send it again. 
 fyi.  Stacy just got the draft this am.  Gotta love the passion.  ckm 
 Is everyone available on Friday to discuss where we are and where we are headed with the CPCN process? We need to discuss whether the petition can/should be amended to allow for a broader certificate.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Cheryl,  I've been asked to see what I can find out about the status of the generator for the Westinghouse 501D.  I've heard stories ranging from it was on the Titantic, to it was in a rain storm.  Can you shed any light on its status?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Kay,  I'm looking for CA's with Peoples.  I have one dated December 23, 1998.  Do you have anything else, especially one more current?  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI 
 I am also a notary. 
 I wanted to make sure that everyone is happy with the name Edgecombe Development CO, LLC as the project company name. We are going to amend our petition for the CPCN, and I want to get the name right. 
 I'm at home this am (kid stuff) but will be in around lunch and all afternoon.  I'll find you.  Kay 
 No problem.  Can't wait to see what you get.  I may have to order some more, plus Silly Bob, and the large Klixx, and... oh my gosh, I may be a TOYAHOLIC.... 
 ps.  You might warn Bob P. that this is coming, and needs top attention.  We can send it to his lawyer at the same time, if he wants.  I think it is someone other than David, though.  Can you find out who he wants to receive the draft?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I lost the email with the information regarding where to send donations in Gabrielle's honor.  Can you resend it to me?  Thanks. 
 Since the time frame is short, I wanted to give you an outline to mark up/correct.  Here's how I understand the deal:  People's has the Manlove gas storage facility.  We have presented to People's a nonphysical method to monetize it, similar to what was done with Bammel. Since this is a regulated asset, regulatory approval will be required, and the consumers will receive part of the benefit of the monetization.  The essence of our deal is that Enron will receive 50% of the net earnings, up to $25mm, as our fee.  In consideration for this fee, Enron takes the financial, legal, accounting and engineering lead. Peoples and Enron will work together on the regulatory strategy formulation and implementation.  We want to present a draft MOU to Peoples this week.  The basic goals are:  Define scope of the agreement Define our lead role in the 4 stated areas Create exclusivity for Enron Define financial arrangements (cost/profit) Get an acknowledgement that what was presented to them was proprietary, and covered by our confidentiality agreement. Define term (5 years)  Each party bears their own internal costs, and third party costs are split 50/50, with prior approval.  In that regard an immediate concern is getting the engineering work kicked off.  We want the agreement broad enough to cover physical withdrawals.  We do not want it specific to this field, since we want the benefit of the use of our methodology.  Please correct/supplement, etc.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I need to talk to the commercial guy on the deal.  Got a name for me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi there.  I have a personal errand to run (nothing bad) Thursday am, so I  won't be in until around lunchtime.  Can't WAIT to hear about your trip.  I hope it was marvelous.  We're looking at a private school for Michael (St.Francis).  I think it is time for a change.  Kay 
 I am STILL on my 100 conference call.  I'll catch up on what I missed later.  Kay 
 Chris,  I would think that we would want to designate which units are affected by the provisions of the change orders, to the extent a the change is specific to certain units.  What do you think about that approach?  Kay 
 I'm looking at the Skelton option (Hart County, GA), and can't figure out when it was executed. (must confess I didn't read EVERY word) Can anyone help me with this?  Thanks,  Kay 
 July 31st for Edgecombe.  I didn't prepare the other option, but I'll check to see if there is a copy around.  Kay 
 Maybe spelling your name right will help this go through.  Sorry! 
 The details for today's conference call are as follows:  1:30 CDT  Call in number 800 851 1766, participant code 685753  Rose is on vacation and Sheila will be calling in from Portland.  I have a 100 conference call, but I will step out if I can.  Talk to you soon!  Kay 
 I figured it would.  The master is now in the hands (or on the email) of Stacy Dickson, one of the gas lawyers.  Let's see if we hear anything by noon.  Kay 
 I believe I have compared the ENA Aug 29 version to the VEPCO Aug 21 version of the Capacity and Energy Contract.  I'm no expert at CompareRite, but I believe it worked.  Here goes:    Let me know if you have any trouble opening this document.  Kay 
 Good morning.  Here is the email you mentioned.  Have a great day!  Love,  Kay 
 Feels funny emailing someone so close.  I'm addicted to email, however,  I saw Gregg in the elevator lobby as the door was closing.  I'm going to see if I can corner him while he is in town to see what is going on.  I'm not up-to-speed on this one.  Kay 
 Sara,  Maybe a conference call with Gregg would be the most productive way to go.  Kay 
 Otra mas.  Did I get that right? 
 Here's what I have... 
 Kevin,  Thank you for your work.  I especially appreciate the memo bringing me up-to-speed.  Kay 
 I'm far afield of my area of expertise, but Boyd's comments make a great deal of sense to me.  Gregg, did you/will you pass these along to PERC?  Perhaps it would help if Boyd could speak directly to the PERC person with the typewriter, so to speak.  Kay 
 FYI. 
 Hi Stacy,  I don't know if Jeff or Debra mentioned this to you, but this is a master we need in place in connection with a gas/power asset management arrangement with the cities of Yazoo City and Clarksdale Mississippi.  As you can see, Jeff suggested you take a look at it before it is sent to the customer.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Per Ray's request... 
 Chris/Ben,  We had discussed having two change orders so that the ESA stuff is easily identifiable/assignable/etc.  Is this still the plan?  Kay 
 FYI 
 This should be the final (or at least almost final) version.  The amounts are correct. 
 I'm keeping this one.  Too cool! 
 Another print job.  Please make me a Wheeling Pitt file folder for these docs as well.  Thanks,  Kay 
 For the Bracewell part of the list. 
 more... 
 Tam Pham, ma'am.  Thanks for the clue! 
 fyi 
 Here's two more to add.  I suggest you put our outside counsel last on the list.  There are two firms: Kilpatrick, Stockton and Bracewell & Patterson. I would put Bracewell before Kilpatrick.  Thanks bunches. 
 I'm going to have an updated contact list prepared.  Please email me with your telephone, location, email address, and cell phone number, if desired.  Please let me know who should be added to this list.  If you are receiving this vis a cc, I have your information.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I like this answer. 
 fyi 
 fyi 
 No problem. 
 Allyson,  Please delete Stuart Zisman and add me to your distribution list.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Just in case you haven't seen a copy, NCNG has filed a petition to intervene in the CPCN proceeding.  The reason stated is that it isn't clear who is providing the natural gas.  It has asked for the right to examine and cross-examine witnesses, to file briefs and argue its position, etc.  Kay 
 Hi Gloria,  Could you please print these for me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Is this what you were thinking about? 
 Reagan,  Just to clarify, we intend to assign the land option to Rocky Mount, they buy it and lease the land to us once they own it/annex it/zone it.  Kay 
 Back at cha! 
 Hi Matt,  ENA is selling some of the LM6000's to ESA.  Will you be the ENA Tax Man on the deal?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Nancy,  This should do it. 
 Karen,  Both Lisa Bills and Rose Engeldorf are out of town this week, which means we don't have all the players from Global Finance available.  Humberto (can't remember how to spell his last name) from Global Finance/ENA may be available, and he has participated in similar discussions on two other projects.  At some point he will need to be involved.  The time is fine with me.  Kay 
 I'm hearing rumblings about the need to perform various preliminary tasks (survey work, etc.).  I've given the admonition to avoid incurring hard costs until the financing/accounting treatment has come together.  That lead to the question of what is a hard cost.  I know construction/equipment obligations are problems, studies generally ok.  This leads me to the conclusion that a geotechnical survey would be ok.  Am I safe here?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Gerry,  Enron is a great place for an engineer to work in a non-technical position. In fact, I work with reformed engineers daily, in various capacities.  Enron has an analyst program for college graduates, where the analysts go through six month rotations in various parts of the business. In addition, there is a good job search feature on Enron's website.  If you see something that looks promising, I'll check things out around here to see if I can get the inside scoop.  FYI, Enron North America, Enron Broadband, and Enron Energy Services are good choices.  ENA is the old Enron Capital & Trade, so it is the real heart of Enron (yes, it is where I now work).  Enron is also focusing on industrial development (paper, steel, and who knows what else). I don't suggest EECC.  Hope to see you soon,  Kay 
 I'll check on the geotech.  What is involved in the site development plan?  Don't give up! There may be a way to get this done.  Kay 
 I believe this draft reflects Herman's comments:    Kay 
 One more CA question.  Pollina Corporate Real Estate?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Rebecca,  I'm trying to locate the sig pages for the NW guaranty.  These were the docs that I approved after I had approved the letter agreement.  These signed pages weren't with the letter agreements and change orders you brought me. To you remember if you brought them to me before?  I haven't really searched - I thought I would ask first.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Dina,  Do we have a CA with Teska Associates?  Thanks,  Kay 
 That would be great.  Kay Mann 29 Inverness Park Way Houston 77055  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi there,  We've had about 15 minutes of rain, I think.  Just enough to keep the mosquitos happy!  Kay 
 Here are my comments to the draft response:  4.  I'm a bit troubled by the first sentence, since I really don't know what may have been on the drawing board earlier.  Maybe someone else can vouch for this statement. Otherwise, I suggest deleting it.  17.  The reference to NC Power utilizing the plant should be Applicant (third sentence).  18.  I would change the second sentence to begin "It is intended that the plant will be designed, constructed and operated...."  Kay 
 Hope this helps.      FYI, if you are doing the deal with EECC or NEPCO, I would just as soon them not see these docs. 
 Here's a suggestion for the equipment question:   ENA and its affiliates have contractual rights to numerous turbines, several of which can satisfy the technical and scheduling requirements of this project, and some of which are already manufactured.  In the case of turbines still in the manufacturing process, ENA has firm commitments for delivery, backed by liquidated damages clauses and other financial incentives. 
 Sounds good.  Early in the week is better for me. 
 He's doing great today.  He's here with me.  He just attended a meeting with Ozzier, Heather, Herman and Sheila. 
 Jo,  We had some unexpected complications with scheduling today.  We'll have to reschedule.  Thanks for such a prompt reply.  Kay 
 yes. 
 Greg and Ben,  So is it about time to get Lisa, Herman and Rose involved in the PAD stuff?  Kay 
 In addition, we can add language that says we are specifically not prohibited from.......  and list what we care about.     Kay 
 Hi John,  Looks like it is worthwhile to finish up what you were working on before.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Don't forget the progress report.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Jo,  I left you a voice mail, but being an email addict I thought I would send you a note as well.  Our son, Michael is in a Montessori kindergarten, which we have decided may not be most suitable for him.  We discussed it with Vivian Shudde, and she suggested that I give you a call about the Grace School.  My husband and I would like to visit Grace.  We are wondering if it might be possible to visit tomorrow.  Please let me know what you think.  Thanks,  Kay Mann 
 Just a reminder that until the finance arrangements are fixed and the rules are clear, Enron can't incur any hard costs related to the Virginia Power deal.  This means Enron can't obligate itself to purchase any equipment or materials, or enter into any services agreements except for studies, etc.  I will try to get some clarification on what can be done at this point, and will pass it along as soon as possible.  Kay 
 Here is a rough draft of the Fehr option.  Herman, you will be happy to know that this one is much shorter.  It needs some clean up, but this should be enough to get comments going.   Kay 
 I hope to go, at least Friday/Saturday, assuming we have a sitter for Michael, of course.  I met Mrs. Kerekgarto yesterday.  Chris Duerr (duerrc@spring-branch.isd.tenet.edu/).  Maybe you should ask to visit which ever classroom Chris thinks Michael would  be in assuming he started at VO on September 5.  Just a suggestion.  Or maybe you can visit more than one class.  You might want to ask to visit a class during an academic time (as opposed to when the kids are in centers). 
 FYI. 
 Done!  See you then.  I've asked Heather and Jeffrey Keenan to join me.  Kay 
 I'm going to visit with the Hermanator briefly tomorrow.  Would you like to join me?  Kay 
 Here 'tis, and I'm a yes. 
 Hi Ben,  I've been working on the letter, but I've got to fill in a bunch of blanks before it is finished (proper names, etc.)  Depends on how complete you want it to be.  I've got to check to see if this is the final version we agreed to.  It is very close. 
 Here is the latest version.  Our meeting is scheduled for tomorrow at 300 in EB38C1.  Kay 
 Yikes.  Would you have just 30 minutes sometime during the afternoon tomorrow?  I really struck out with everyone else for Friday.  Otherwise, I'll be glad to schedule a meeting on Friday (in addition to this one tomorrow) to review the structure with the various players.  You pick a time (the earlier being better for me).  Thanks,  Kay 
 Looks like Thursday at 300pm is working out for most people to meet to discuss the VEPCO PPA. The meeting will be held in EB38C1.  Please let me know if you have any questions or comments.  Kay 
 Not finished yet. 
 You are a BIG HELP. 
 CR [aka conference room] 5C1.  I know they are in the Allen Center.  I'm just damn smart, that's all. 
 jeffrey keenan 
 The room is 3AC5C1, according to this email.  I didn't check to see what it was before. 
 I have a heavy meeting/conference call schedule.  To be honest with you, I'm a bit unclear on who is doing what with this.  Any advice/insight?  Kay 
 This replaces the meeting scheduled for 400 tomorrow. 
 Carolyn,  Your approach makes perfect sense to me, but I think Lee wants his turbine= =20 contract sooner.  I still haven't received the finance stuff yet.  I've asked again today.  Kay 
 Sounds good so far. 
 Couldn't tell if you saw this... 
 What did Heather tell you? 
 There's a meeting with a cast of characters to discuss the Westinhouse warranty issues.  It is tomorrow (Thurs) at 1230.  Do you have any interest in sitting in?  Kay 
 I've scheduled the conference room for 2 hours.  We are also looking at Friday am.  Is Friday better for you guys?  Kay 
 I assume that this is in lieu of the meeting we had scheduled for tomorrow afternoon?  Just want to make sure...  Kay 
 fyi 
 It would be very helpful if you could participate, or have your designee participate.  Sorry for  the short notice (what else is new). Perhaps we can also arrange a discussion about the interconnection agreement.  I'm out this am, but will pick up voice mail.  Thanks,  Kay  PS  I can't wait to hear about St. Lucia. 
 Suzanne,  I left the response (which is a letter from Siemens Westinghouse) on the part of my desk which is next to the window.  I MAY have put it in a file folder labeled "Westinghouse".  The letter references a letter we sent to them in the first line.  Please find the letter and fax to Bill.  Thanks a bunch. 
 Hi, my name is Kay, and I'm a Diet Coke addict. 
 Me too.  It is my filing system. 
 At least drinks and coffee. Thanks for thinking of it. 
 Sheila said her assistant arranged for one.  Could you check? 
 yes 
 Please make sure Sheila has the host code. thanks 
 In an effort to pull the pieces together, a meeting has been scheduled to discuss the draft energy and capacity contract (formerly the PPA).  It is scheduled for Thursday, August 24th, at 900am.  We are still in the process of locating a conference room, so the location is TBD.  Thanks,  Kay  Here are the most recent comments from VEPCO:    Some of you may have received this already.  I have not compared it against what we last sent them. 
 If it didn't come up when you put your cursor on it and click, then you'll have to type in the address in address space when you are on the internet. Or, you can search Paige Record Southwestern University on the web and find it.  Hope this helps.  Kay 
 Just a reminder about tomorrow's call.  Enron participants, we will have a conference room on the 38th floor of EB available.  Kay 
 Hi there,  Paige is still here.  I think she may leave tomorrow.  Have you ever visited her website?  Here's a link: http://www.southwestern.edu/~recordp/  You might trying clicking on the link to see if it takes you directly to her web page.  She will have the same email address again this year.  I suspect she will have the same mailing address as well, since it is a box number.  Michael slept well this weekend.  He had a great birthday.  He takes his dinosaur everywhere.  It is so funny, because the button gets pushed accidently when it is being hauled around, so it is constantly growling.  We saw a few drops of rain, but nothing to help the water bill.  The smog is horrible.  I'm in town all week this week, which is nice.  Neil and I have a birthday party to go to for our neighbor Donnie (he was at the party) on Friday, so Michael will spend some time with Charlotte again. She should be off of most of her restrictions tomorrow, so maybe he will get to see her more.  We went to the Astros game last night, and they actually won.  Sammy Sosa hit a home run harder than any I've seen before.  Even some of the Astros fans clapped at the sheer force of it.  The pitcher said he watched it, just because he had never seen such an awesome hit.  Too bad about the heat, but what the heck can you do about it anyway?  Love,  Kay 
 Bill,  I'm attaching an electronic copy of the letter we sent to Westinghouse.  If you email me your fax number, I'll fax you their response.  Thanks,  Kay 
 LM's # 1-6, 19-20, plus a couple of ABB transformers. 
 Nothing fatal. Here are some thoughts/comments on the AMA for your general consideration:  2.2 (d) Bank accounts/bookkeeping.  I've previously been advised that Corp performs this function.    Issues which arise: will the money be invested overnight, who has signature authority, etc.  We have a draft services agreement prepared for Peoples which can serve as a "go by" if you decide you need a separate doc.  2.2 (b)Billing/collection.  Responsibility generally should stop at sending nastygrams.  No duty to hire lawyers, etc.  2.2 (f) Insurance.  In Texas, you have to have licenses to buy/sell insurance and adjust claims.  Current language may be soft enough to not violate licensing laws.  2.2 (g) cost of filing for licenses and permits not included in defn of Marketing Expenses, but there's some catch all language that might help.  2.3  Accountants may like it to be clear that we can't hire/fire O & M contractor, set O & M policies, or dispatch plant.  3.2   If there are multiple transactions in a short period, these may be captured in one document, not one document for each transaction.  It would be helpful if the EEIM for use with others explains our agency role. (may be in there - didn't review a copy) Is the Owner a power marketer yet?  Are we helping them get EEIM's with the Approved Counterparties, or are they on their own?  Will Enron sign on behalf of Owner for Contractor (Enron) transactions (sounds silly)?  Is there an EEIM in the works between EPMI and Owner?  3.3 (f) I suspect by now you've figured out profits, etc, relating to "day of" transactions.  3.4  last line - should it be interruptible instead of contingent?  Assume Owner has transmission risk?  Is there a "no third party beneficiary" clause?  I might have missed it.  Not life or death.  Interesting structure.  Could I get a copy of the final document?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Heather,  Did you want to send this?  Anything else you want to add? 
 We are at the MOU stage.  Need to keep off the balance sheet duly noted and emphasized in a commercial meeting last Friday.  Commercial leads at ENA and Global Finance are out this week, so no progress at the moment.  The information I was given is that we want to get it done by the end of September.  How does this sound?  Kay  PS  Also includes 2 transformers. 
 Could we benefit from an internal meeting prior to the call?  Kay 
 Hi Guys,  Is the 501D in storage?  If not, when will it be delivered?  I'm asking in connection with information to be provided in the CPCN process.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Brian,  What a great surprise!  Life is pretty good.  To see a summary, you might want to check out Paige's website: http://www.southwestern.edu/~recordp/  (I tried to copy that as a link, but I think I messed up.)  I guess Peggy told you (or you figured out from my email address) that I'm working at Enron. I like it.  I enjoy being back downtown after being a suburban lawyer.  Home life is relatively calm, which has always been a goal of mine.  I'm dealing with my folks getting older, with the health problems which come with that process.  Overall, I'm very blessed and happy.  How about you?  If you are spending time at HM, you must still be doing the law thing. I might have lost a bet on that one.  So how's your life?  Paige completed her minor in German.  Consider it a Wunder legacy!  Her brother, Michael is a real charmer.  You would get a huge kick out of him.  Thanks so much for writing.  I can't wait to hear what is going on with you.  Kay 
 Just a reminder to send me the description you gave the school. 
 Thursday afternoon would be best for me.    Enron North America Corp. 
 I have an extra I can send you today.  Kay 
 http://www.whalewatchinn.com/ 
 Hi Dale,  Did you just do a tolling agreement re: LV?  I'm looking for forms, and thought I'd check.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's where we stayed on our honeymoon  www.whalewatchinn.com 
 Just being out of this nasty smog will be great.  Plus, I bet it is nice there when the sun goes down.  What a great time of year to make that trip.  Can you hear my heavy sighs?  It is time for me to plan something fun, even a short trip.  Planning and looking forward to it is 1/2 the fun. 
 I shouldn't have looked at that when I'm so hungry.  What an incredible menu - and in a relatively small town.  You better take a wad of fatburners!!! 
 I'm going to miss you really badly. Are you sure you want to go to the cool air, unwind, sip wine and eat delicious food?  And miss all this??????? 
 FYI. 
 Karen,  Please forward the revisions once you get them.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm scheduled to be here.  Tomorrow and Wednesday are pretty bad, but Thursday and Friday are wide open.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 Could you please go through the option agreement I have in my directory on O.  It is under Option Agreements, and it is the only document there.  It should be called Fehr land option, or something similiar.  Please go search and make Optionor plural throughout, and make the grammar match.  I started making the changes, but got distracted from the task. Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Rob,  I think we would prefer if you would route the document back this way, and Sheila or I will send it to the folks at GE.  Thanks,  Kay 
 27.5 Separate Advice or Assistance.  If Seller furnishes Purchaser with=20 advice or assistance which is clearly not required by this Agreement, Selle= r=20 shall not be subject to any liability whether in contract, warranty, tort= =20 (including negligence or strict liability without regard to fault), indemni= ty=20 or otherwise in connection with Seller=01,s provision of such out of scope = of=20 service advice or assistance, so long as such advice or assistance is given= =20 in good faith and in accordance with industry standards. 
 three glitches  He probably just changed over to Outlook 
 Just to catch you up a bit... 
 I'm still not wild about 27.5, which says they have no liability for any advice they give us which is not required by the agreement.  It seems that we could get into an argument about causation of a problem, and what was in/out of their scope under the agreement.  I don't know that I have any brilliant ideas about how to narrow this carve out. I guess we could say no liability so long as the advice is clearly outside the scope of work, and is given in good faith and in accordance with industry standards. 
 HELP!  What's my R/C number?    Is it 00406373?  Does that look like an RC?  We need to get an invoice from the travel agency Heather and Ozzie used for my flights last week.  I know the travel agent's name is Julie, but I don't know the details.  The agency is something like Vitol.  I suspect Claudette can give you the telephone number, etc.  I would have gotten a receipt from Continental, but the E ticket machine wasn't working.  I have the rest of the receipts. 
 Here it is:    Please let me know if you have any problems with this document.  Kay 
 Address:=20 335 Piney Point Road=20 Houston, TX 77024 Phone:=20 (713) 782-0481 Principal:=20 Dr. Annette Smith=20 Location:=20 Suburban Grade Levels:=20 PreK-8 Enrollment:=20 704 Student Characteristics:=20    Caucasian: 91.0% African-American: 1.0% Hispanic: 5.0% Asian: 3.0% American Indian: 0.0% Other: 0.0% ? ? Mobility Rate: 1.5% Limited English: 1.0% Low Income: 0.0% Special Education: 0.0% =09St. Francis Episcopal Day School in Houston, Texas was founded in 1952 i= n=20 response to the needs of the St. Francis Episcopal Church and the surroundi= ng=20 neighborhood. Currently, the school serves students from the age of three= =20 through the eighth grade. St. Francis is accredited by both the Independent= =20 Schools Association of the Southwest and the Southwestern Association of=20 Episcopal Schools and is a member of the National Association of Independen= t=20 Schools. Our mission is supported through the efforts of our Board of=20 Trustees, Head of School, school leadership team, faculty, staff, parents,= =20 student body, and friends of St. Francis.=20 =09The school's mission statement is: "In the Anglican tradition, St. Franc= is=20 Episcopal Day School challenges motivated students in an academically and= =20 spiritually stimulating environment to become imaginative, critical thinker= s,=20 and people for others." =09Our curriculum is the result of intense work by the talented educators a= t St.=20 Francis. We are dedicated to providing a well-rounded, value-centered progr= am=20 that balances stimulating academics with experiences that broaden students'= =20 knowledge of themselves and today's world.=20 =09The Early Childhood division is organized in learning centers that inclu= de=20 activities with challenging materials and experiences. The classroom become= s=20 a laboratory where children can explore and experiment. The enrichment=20 program in early childhood includes experiences with music, motor=20 development, Spanish, and technology. Our full day kindergarten program=20 allows children and teachers to explore topics thoroughly. They begin the= =20 nationally recognized Everyday Mathematics, a program rich in problem solvi= ng=20 activities.=20 =09The lower school curriculum provides young learners with a carefully pla= nned,=20 sequential course of study that includes Reader's and Writer's Workshop,=20 Everyday Mathematics, "hands-on" science, and integrated social studies.=20 Specialists teach art, music, physical education, and Spanish. Small class= =20 sizes contribute to the success of each child. =09The Middle School seeks to celebrate the uniqueness of early adolescence= .=20 After completing three years in middle school, students can anticipate bein= g=20 admitted to quality high school programs, both public and private, and enjo= y=20 the confidence that develops from proper preparation - academically,=20 socially, and morally. By the end of their eighth grade year, students will= =20 have had the opportunity to receive high school credit for Algebra I,=20 physical science, and Spanish I. =09Through conferences, professional organizations, workshops, graduate stu= dies,=20 book clubs, and extensive travel, the men and women who teach at St. Franci= s=20 know the current research on how children best learn and use this knowledge= =20 in the classroom. The tradition of an Anglican education coupled with an=20 energetic expert staff makes magic happen both within the classroom and=20 throughout our campus. =09St. Francis is committed to providing students with an up-to-date techno= logy=20 enhanced educational experience. We currently have six staff members=20 supporting technology and one staff member leading curriculum development o= n=20 our campus. Our faculty presented a workshop on using technology in the=20 classroom at the prestigious Association for Supervision and Curriculum=20 Development 1997-1998 Conference. Technology at St. Francis is a tool going= =20 beyond computer literacy by incorporating lessons using technological suppo= rt=20 in every subject for every student. Students are active participants in=20 searching for knowledge using the Internet, print, and other electronic=20 sources. They learn to retrieve and use information to complete projects an= d=20 assignments. Each classroom is Internet ready. Along with access to grade= =20 level mini-labs and classroom computers, students have the use of two=20 high-level multimedia labs containing scanners, digital cameras, video=20 capabilities, and color laser printers. Teachers and students use technolog= y=20 as a problem solving, communication, and research tool to enhance an alread= y=20 rich learning experience. Students use real world technology to present the= ir=20 information to a wide audience. =09St. Francis offers many exciting opportunities for students to involve= =20 themselves in the fine arts. Through the music, drama, and art programs, ou= r=20 students learn the values of discipline, perseverance, and commitment, and= =20 the joy of performing in front of a live audience. With strings, choir, ban= d,=20 drama club, and studio art, students have opportunities to explore their ow= n=20 creativity and interests while being trained by talented artists and=20 musicians.=20 =09Along with art in classroom instruction and after school clubs, St. Fran= cis=20 is extremely proud to offer our students Art a la Carte. This innovative=20 program enhances the art and social studies curriculum by bringing teams of= =20 trained volunteers into the classroom to help the students learn to=20 appreciate great art. Costumes, props, food, and other enhancements are=20 frequently part of the lessons at all grade levels. This integration of art= =20 production and art history makes our art program truly unique! =09Being an athlete at St. Francis Episcopal Day School and playing for the= =20 Wolves are privileges and honors that carry many responsibilities. Middle= =20 school students may sign up for three sports a year, one each in the fall,= =20 winter and spring. They may choose football, cross-country, field hockey,= =20 volleyball, wrestling, soccer, basketball, softball and track. Sixth grader= s=20 do not participate in football. Coaches stress the importance of teamwork,= =20 peer relationships, cooperation, discipline, and a healthy body.=20 =09The Classroom of the Earth is an extraordinary program that extends the= =20 classroom walls and allows the students to apply learning in a natural=20 setting. Starting with the beginner class, it combines curriculum study wit= h=20 outdoor awareness and provides the ultimate in critical thinking=20 opportunities and application of problem solving strategies. The program=20 culminates with an eighth grade trip to Bandelier National Monument near=20 Santa Fe, New Mexico. While there, students visit Tsankawi ruins, study the= =20 Anasazi culture, and document their trip with lively updates and pictures o= n=20 our website. St. Francis alumni often report that some of their fondest=20 memories are of COE trips. Classroom of the Earth trips are lead by faculty= =20 members and teachers trained through both the National Outdoor Leadership= =20 School and the Wilderness First Responder Course. =09St. Francis is proud of its rich religious traditions including the Feas= t of=20 St. Francis, the Blessing of the Animals, celebration of the church seasons= ,=20 Episcopal School Sunday, and birthday blessings. Students worship together= =20 twice weekly. Third through eighth graders join together monthly to celebra= te=20 the Holy Eucharist. Students participate in chapel by reading prayers and= =20 scripture and serving as acolytes and crucifers. The chaplain of the school= =20 organizes the worship services. He is available to school families as a=20 pastor and friend. We invite parents, friends and relatives to worship with= =20 us at any of our services. Religious education is an integral part of the= =20 curriculum from age three through eighth grade. Through study, discussion,= =20 and experiences, students internalize values and develop character to live = a=20 godly life and be of service to others. =09St. Francis is committed to outreach and service. It is our goal that ea= ch=20 student understands that he or she has something unique and special to offe= r=20 to the world. By teaching our students to be people for others, they leave= =20 our school with a deeper understanding of community and the concept of givi= ng=20 of themselves. Together, St. Francis Episcopal Day School, St. Francis=20 Episcopal Church, the St. Francis Children's Center, and the St. Francis=20 Sports Association commit to nurturing the spiritual, educational, emotiona= l=20 and physical development of all God's people. These four entities form the= =20 St. Francis Community, a unique gathering of energy, individuals and ideals= .=20   1998=01)1999 Blue Ribbon Elementary Schools 
 Kathy,  I believe Ben needs to initial the change order, and he's on vacation this week.  Kay 
 Hi Mike,  In a meeting Friday afternoon with Ben Jacoby, he mentioned that he didnt want the change order signed quite yet. I suspect he wants to review it before it is signed, and he's on vacation this week.  Kay 
 I don't know if he has the financing docs. 
 I can send you what I have on the WestLB stuff, but it may not help too much if you are trying to figure out how to get turbines into a project.  We are currently working on the mechanics relating to that.  It may take a while to get a copy, as I don't have an electronic version and I'm currently in meetings where I'm using my hard copy.  How soon do you need it?  Kay 
 Tom,  I agree that this helps.  We can also put something in to indicate that the price we sell to them may not be the same price we bought from a third party, depending on market conditions. Something like that.  Kay 
 Kathy,  Could you please accommodate Karen's request?  If you would like, you can just send it to me and I will get it to her.  If you have delivered my original to me I can make make her a copy.  Thanks,  Kay 
 NEPCO's position sounds more typical for a cost plus contract.  Is this a lump sum deal? If so, then I think NEPCO is taking an aggressive approach to both LOL and retention.  A 10% limit of liability during the warranty period is particularly aggressive, unless there are a lot of carve outs to the limit of liability, and other give-and-takes which make it make sense. Another factor which might make a difference is the treatment given to the GE contract.  Is NEPCO taking risk on GE performance, and is the dollar value of the GE equipment included in the price used to figure the % of liability?  I'm glad to discuss this if I can be of help.  Kay 
 fyi 
 You know how Remote Control!!!!!!!  How fun!!! 
 suzanne,  Please resend the August 15 redline to the Virginia Power people on the list I gave you.  Thanks,  Kay 
 appt is at 430.  i wanted to leave at 345 
 fyi 
 Thanks for the input.  I'll see what we can figure out. 
 My copy printed completely.  Let me see what's up. 
 I've tried sending this 3 times.  Please see if you can figure out the problem.  I've used the autoaddressing and his long internet address.  If all else fails, just print and have it delivered, I guess, or send it to his assistant.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'll keep in touch! 
 I'm headed to Virginia tonight, and should be back Friday am.  Could we push back the conference call to the afternoon?  Heather will have the same travel schedule.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Attached for your information/review is the latest draft of the VEPCO contract.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Virginia Power has raised a question about wanting some type of guaranty or other form of performance security should an Enron LLC sign the contract. What can we propose (or exclude) under the contemplated structure?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm flying to somewhere (probably DC) tonight, returning on Friday.  Ozzie is making the travel arrangements, so you don't need to do anything.  I'll let you know what else I find out.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Will you be in Friday?  If so, could you help me remember to pick up my parking card.  I FINALLY got a slot at the Met.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hooray.  If I'm paid up with Hays McConn through the month, I'll continue with it until the end of August.  If we  move Michael to public school and save a $100  on parking, things may start to add up!!!  We could pay for a nice little trip somewhere.... 
 Hi there, ? When I was at Monday's Astros' game, I thought I heard them say that Enron is sponsoring some type of kid's book drive at next Sunday's game.? I have quite a few gently used kids books I am looking to give away, so I was wondering if I could do it in connection with that program.? I will not be at the game Sunday, and I didn't locate a reference to the program on your website. ? Is there a way for me to donate kids books for whatever program Enron is sponsoring, without going to the game? ? Many thanks! ? Kay Mann 
 Carolyn,  GE is calling for the original turbine contract.  I believe I previously provided Lee Johnson's address.  Could you send him an original?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I  may be on the road tomorrow (won't know until later), so something early afternoon Friday would be best for me.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Dutch,  My email did not go through to Jeff or John.  Could you please forward it to them for me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 From Bev.  Pretty good stuff. 
 This is HILARIOUS!  And so true.  We are doing fine here in the sauna, despite the heat and horrible pollution.  No big news to report, which is good.  Hope all is well with your bunch.  Give Lou a howdy and a hug for me.  Kay 
 What can I say?  Here's the tubine torture possibilities as they exist at this point in time. 
 Here's the clean version (no redline) of the most recent draft of the PPA.  I have no idea what happened with the redline, but I'll try to get a decent one done. 
 Do I have original, initialled documents to which I can add the signature pages?  You may have given this to me already...  Thanks,  Kay 
 fyi 
 Sounds good.  I'm on a conference call that won't end.  I received your fax and will try to call you this afternoon. 
 What was I thinking?????? 
 Could I get a copy of the revised LOI which was sent to TECO?  I want to update my electronic file.  Thanks,  Kay 
 It is Carlos' territory.  Please review for compliance  with this month's rules.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I got my hair cut - it feels so good to get it cut.  I'm planning on going as scheduled.  Do lots of people go to this? 
 Here's the most recent version of the document formerly known as the PPA:    Kay 
 Both are in VEPCO, names under the Word icon on the email.  I'll try to remember next time. 
 Please compare this new document:    to this old draft, and create a redline:     Thanks,  Kay 
 Gorman's will be picking up/delivering on Tues/Fri.  They had Mon/Thurs available, but Monday am is too hard to remember.  Besides, Delmis may be able to bring our clothes in on Tuesdays, and I'm generally home early on Friday.  Our driver's name is David.  His cell phone is 713 545 4186.  We can call him if we ever need pick up/delivery on a different day.  He will leave us a sack today.  How's that for cool?  Kay 
 fyi 
 Gregg,  330ish looks good for both David and me.  If you would like to call me, we can conference in David.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Sheila,  For your information.  ckm 
 Hi guys,  I want to make sure that you are comfortable with whatever services are being provided by Piper Rudnick, so that there won't be any surprises when the bill comes in.  Could you give me a brief outline of their scope?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Catherine,  Would it  be appropriate for me to call Karl or someone to try to get the original docs?  I have this urge to get something off of my "to do" list, and this looks like a good candidate.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Sounds good to me.  I'm in EB 3850. 
 Hi Ken,  I have two tickets available for Saturday night if you still want them, at $25/each.  Just email me back, and I'll bring the tickets tomorrow.  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI.  As I'm sure you've figured out, this is VEPCO. 
 David,  How about 400 this afternoon? I have another call at 230, but it should be over by then.   Kay 
 I haven't heard a word about this deal lately.  This is why I never throw anything away.  Kay 
 Attached is a recent version of the VEPCO PPA, which is currently be revised.  Hope it is helpful.  Kay 
 Hi there,  Could you please print these for me?  Thanks.  FYI: I'm going to antitrust training from 230 to 430.  Bet you are jealous.  Kay 
 Hi Kathy,  I'm in the office today, if you want to finish up ABB.  Ben Jacoby and Jody Pierce will need copies, if you will be making copies for distribution.  We can talk about the LM6000 change order #2, also.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Absolutely.  Morning is better for me, as I have a meeting at 230 this afternoon.  I spent some time with Rose and Humberto yesterday, discussing the logistics and options in connection with this and City of Austin.  Kay 
 I'm leaving in a couple of minutes.  I just wanted some extra quiet time. 
 I thought of you yesterday.  I planted an eggplant plant and a pepper plant. What a great weekend - I lived outside.  What about you?  ckm 
 Allyson,  Thank you for your prompt response.  Can you describe the process and timing for filing a project update?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Nancy,  I am planning to make the changes which arose out of our meeting with VEPCO. When we met with them, we agreed that we would accept all the changes in this draft, then blackline against it.  I tried to do this to this document, then realized that this is a compared document as opposed to a draft marked with changes.  Can you email me unmarked version which contains all these changes, and I'll start from there.  I apologize if I already have the clean draft, but I want to be certain that I am working from the correct version.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I have meeting with a different specialist for Michael next Wednesday at 430.  I will need to leave by 345.  ckm 
 fyi. 
 Allyson,  Thank you for the email.  It seems to stop in mid sentence, so I was wondering if maybe something got deleted?  We have an interest in having the application for the CPCN amended to be less specific on the equipment we will be using.  I believe Jeffrey may have mentioned this to you before.  We would like to follow up with that now, unless there is some significant problem with it.  Thank you,  Kay 
 I don't think she finished her thought.  I'll check with Allyson on this.  Kay 
 FYI. 
 Bob,  Here's the bill of sale we didn't use on the last deal.  I don't know how much good it will do you, but at least it gives you some tax language.  As I mentioned, the last deal was supposed to be a "wire me money, I'll sell you stuff" deal, but it didn't  happen.  I'd like to see the installment sale form once it gets fixed up, if possible.  Kay 
 FYI. 
 Hi Gregg,  I'm back.  I don't know what the deal was with my cell phone this week. Perhaps the problem was the weak signal in the area.  Several people commented that they had problems reaching me, and my phone was on almost the entire time. In fact, I  made many calls, but I ususally checked to see if I had a signal first.  Sorry for the inconvenience.  I'll take a look at the DASH, etc, and get up to speed so that I can speak intelligently.  Kay 
 I've received error notices, so I'm trying again.  Kay 
 I can understand how that can be a problem.  Certainly, every effort can be made to expedite the process, and I do think the first time will take the longest for obvious reasons.  For the purposes of scheduling going forward, I think it would help to keep that type of time frame in mind, with the thought that maybe it can happen more quickly.  Kay 
 I agree that we need a "standard" way of moving the turbines (and transformers) into other structures.  Both the GE contract for the LM 6000's and the ABB transformer contract envision such moves.  In addition, the ADA's with WestLB anticipate these moves.  I'm sure you've heard plenty about all of this.  I've been working on developing on some of the forms required to take some of this - Global Finance will coordinate other aspects of it.  I believe we are in pretty good shape conceptually to take care of all of it, but we should plan 2 to 4 weeks to get the documents completed.  I don't see any problem with this - I just wanted you to be aware of some of the logistics.  I'll be in the office tomorrow if you would like to discuss this.  Kay 
 Most hotels have a 4 to 6 oclock the same day policy. That's pretty awful. 
 This is so sad.  But then again, God works in very mysterious ways.  If things are going to fall apart soon anyway....  Jim and his family have been in my prayers.  This must be very hard. 
 Hi Carlos,  I'm back in DC, at the Willard, so I'm thinking of you.  We (the commercial leads and I) will be in Richmond tomorrow for negotiations, then back tomorrow night at the Willard.  I hope things are ok for you. I know it is probably stressful. Hang in there.  Kay 
 Sorry to miss your birthday. Did you have one in my honor?  You know I really did have one for you on vacation.  Points well taken - some we have already addressed, others probably need to be tied up better.  See you soon.  By the way, it hailed in DC today. Looked good from the bar at the Willard.  Kay 
 Hi Ben,  Just wanted you to know that I received your email, and will follow through on the change order.  I should be in the office on Thursday am, if not sooner. As you can see, I'm picking up email, and can also be reached on my cell phone.  I reviewed your email re: VEPCO. We do have a project entity to use, and Accounting (and Global Finace) have been involved on the MTM and off  balance sheet issues.  I suspect we will find out about the need for a guarantee soon.  It was good to get your input on VEPCO. There's lots to do on that one.  Kay 
 Good job Ric! 
 Hi Suz,  Please print email and attachment, and fax to me at the Willard.  I'm in room 443.  Thanks,  Kay  PS  How was Pappas? 
 A small step for man... 
 Gentlemen,  I'm with EWS Legal, and I'm working with John Llodra (East Power origination) concerning a confidentiality agreement with Ameresco.  The proposed transaction is described as follows:  A potential power plant site development and asset management services related to the Island End Generation Project, a nominal  365 MW combined cycle power generation facility, proposed to be located in Everett, Massachusetts.  The current draft of the CA contains this language:  From the time of the signing of this Agreement until October 1, 2001 neither Party shall pursue the Proposed Transaction without  the participation of the other Party, unless the other Party consents in writing or notifies the other Party that it does not intend to   pursue the Proposed Transaction.  In accordance with policy, this issue is being submitted to you for your review.  John can be contacted at 978 449 9936.  My extension is 57566.  Thank you,  Kay  Here is the entire CA: 
 Feel free to copy all you want, assuming there is nothing too compromising! 
 Hi again,  I checked my maps of DC, and it looks like the Hotel Washington might be a good alternative.  Could you see what they have for Mon/Tues night?  Also, please check back with the Willard to see if they have had any cancellations.  Could you email me your telephone number and the afterhours number?  Due to the shortage of time, please call me with any information you might have.  I should be in my office from 830 until 930.  Ex 57566  If I'm not there, I'll be checking messages.  Thanks,  Kay 
 The attached is the version of the contract which is under internal review and has therefore not been sent to VEPCO. Warning: the black lining may not be much help to you, depending on which version you last reviewed.  We are meeting with VEPCO on Tuesday to iron out the remaining issues, and would like to send them this version in advance of that meeting Monday afternoon.  With apologies for the short notice, any input you might want to give would be appreciated.  We would like to send them this version  (with internal revisions) in advance of that meeting.  Therefore, please email me any proposed changes, or leave me a voice mail at x57566.  FYI: The goal is to have this part of the deal  completed prior to August 22.  Thank you for your assistance,  Kay 
 I'm travelling on Monday, so please ask my assistant, Suzanne Adams for a copy.  I'm new  to this particular group in Legal, so I'm still learning who does what.  No offense  intended.  This deal has a lot of life and potential, so I look forward to getting to know you in the process.  Kay 
 Hmm.  What hotel would be the closest to the Willard? (other than the Marriot, which I'm not wild about because it is so big)  What does the Hay Adams have?  Alternatively, what do you suggest in Georgetown?  Do you know if anyone else from Enron has stayed there (the Four Seasons) recently?  Thanks for asking, by the way. 
 I wish I could say that's the reason we haven't heard anything. I suspect we would have heard if they had a problem with it being WordPerfect.  I hope this doesn't mean they haven't tried to open it yet.  I have complained about EECC Contracts using WordPerfect.  As far as I know, it is the ONLY Enron group still using it.  EECC Legal uses Word.  I always figured this WordPerfect thing was intentional, which is why I had WordPerfect loaded on my computer.  I don't think I can make the conversion from home due to download problems. I will see that you get a converted copy.  Kay 
 Allyson,  As you know, we have had discussions with the City of Rocky Mount regarding possibly buying gas from them for the new power plant in Edgecombe County. Evidently, the gas company has figured this out, and is not happy with this prospect.  We would like your opinion concerning the City's ability to (a) require that a tap be made so that the power plant be served and (b) sell gas to Enron for this purpose.  When considering these issues, please assume that the City would own and annex the land, and lease it to an Enron entity.  We will need the gas by next March or April, so time is critical.  Should the gas company decline, what is the appeal process and how long can it be expected to take?  Do you  have any suggestions for expediting the process?  I am having the contracts between the gas company and the City sent to you, and you should have them by Monday.  Thank you for your assistance,  Kay 
 Scott's done the difficult part and generated something for review.  I've added my comments.  Sheila, would you like to add your 2 cents worth?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Nancy,  Please incorporate this language from Enron's Tax Guys.  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI.  I've reviewing at Heather's request.  Kay 
 Please send me a copy of the data sheet on the above company.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Karen,  Did I mess up?  I saw Herman and he told me that the 1000am was held.  I hope I wasn't supposed to be there.  Please call if I can help.  Kay 
 Gentlemen,  Any progress on the summary?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Lupe,  I heard a rumor that Tribasa had found somebody to buy out the loan.  Another victim, perhaps?  I can't imagine how you must have felt to get a call from Don.  Maybe he's looking for a new opportunity in Mexico, since Bufete didn't pan out.  I've been busy working on a read deal with some very bright commercial people.  It is very challenging.  Sometimes I feel so uninformed.  This is a nice change! I feel like it is elevating my professional development.  I ran into Chip recently.  He seems happier now that he has Erik's old job.  More hugs -  Kay 
 fyi 
 How transparent is that? 
 Here's what I sent to Rusty on Wednesday.  It seemed like an option didn't quite fit, since PACS doesn't have anything to option, strictly speaking.  Kay 
 Friday am is the only time this week that works for me. 
 Great.  I'm gone.  I'll have my cell phone on later. 
 Here's something to work with:  Virginia Power and ENA agree that Virginia Power will authorize and pay for the ________ so that the queue (que?) spot for necessary interconnection (RIGHT?) will be maintained. ENA agrees that should ENA (or its affiliate) fail to complete negotiations and excute a power purchase and sale agreement, it will reimburse Virginia Power up to half of the cost of the _______ [Heather, this is a study (ie, soft cost) right?], not to exceed a reimbursement of $15,000. 
 I do recall the conversations you and I had (actually a series of pages, I believe), so I'll check with Rebecca and see if she still has those signature pages.  Kay 
 Hi Cheryl,  I'm looking for the executed version of the contract with Westinghouse for the 501D turbine, which I believe was originally headed to Panama.  ENA is looking to use it in a project or two, and I need to give a look.  An electronic version would be fine.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Let's just assume I'll be out Friday afternoon. 
 I suspect that there are several options.  He is such a sweet, cute, smart thing.  You will like him. He is very very charming. 
 I am attaching a operating lease summary which I have revised to include some basic asset operation stuff.  I've left Lisa a voice mail with a brief explanation of what we are doing, and asking her if she would take a look at this from a financing "fatal flaw" standpoint, with Enron being the lessor.  I've been summoned to Nowhere North Carolina (Rocky Mount) for the remainder of the day and tomorrow, and will be back on Friday am.    Anne, I hope this helps keep you moving.  Lisa, many, many thanks.  Kay  Kay 
 We've known, but is has gotten to be a bigger issue as he has gotten older. 
 Due to the nature of this deal, I've prepared an LOI with an exclusivity period.  Let me know what you think,    Kay 
 Michael problems. He has ADD and some other lesser learning problems.  We are going to meet  with the specialist next week.  I'm going to try to take off Friday afternoon as well.  We are thinking of changing his school, and Neil and I need to go visit a new one.  HECTIC! 
 I need this document today in a big way.  Can you assist in getting it located?  If Kay doesn't have it, it is possible that Lisa Mellencamp might.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I spoke with Kent Shoemaker, and he has a conflict at 930 Houston time today.  I suggested to him that Enron go forward with the call as an internal call, and we can conference him in after 1000 (when he's available), if we have anything noteworthy to report.  If that is acceptable, I will go to Sheila's office at 930, and we can call Scott and Rose.  How does that sound?  Kay 
 Please protect Thursday afternoon, August 10th for me.  I have some important personal stuff to take care of. 
 Hi there.  Do you have to be a licensed claims handler (or a lawyer) to handle a third party's insurance claim?  Same for selling insurance?  Thanks,  ckm 
 Do you have a copy of the one with Virginia Power?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Gee, makes you wish there was a way to track documents without having to speak to someone. (do I sound like a broken record yet?)  I'm fairly confident we can use this company, as the project I am handling is Lisa's old project.  There's time to wait for her to answer, though. 
 Hi Kay,  I trying to find out if we have confidentiality agreements with the following:  Virginia Power Dominion Resources (or something close) Electricities (don't know the remainder of the name) North Carolina Eastern Municipal Power Agency   Thanks,  Kay 
 After I wrote this I recall Ed saying that we don't have a New York company yet.  I'm fairly comfortable that I don't know  whether there really is an Edgecombe Development Company, and if so, is it available to use on the Virginia Power transaction.  Sorry for the memory slip.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 I don't recall  the answer was to the question about whether we have a land company in New York?  And if so, its name?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Any luck with this? 
 She may turn out to be great, just because she becomes extra cautious with us. 
 I wasn't blaming you.  I was just disagreeing with the statement that that changes have caused the problem. 
 I'm scheduled to fly back to Houston around 745 that night, so it isn't looking good for me.    Enron North America Corp. 
 I disagree. NONE of the problems I've had in the last 2 weeks can be attributed to changes.  There was no explanation given as to why they booked me to return a day early on the first trip to DC. What was up with that? Last week, I wrote down EXACTLY the flights I wanted didn't change my plans.  In fact, I've spent more time investigating my options by myself than I ever had before.  A travel agent ought to be able to deal with changes anyway.  That is what business travel is all about, and has been for the 16 years I've been flying around North America, South America and Europe.  I've had good agents and bad ones.  The good ones can deal with the changes and never miss a beat.  Please have my flight changed as follows:  Wednesday, August 2nd, change to Continental flight no. 1882, departing IAH at 122pm and arriving RDU at 510pm.  The remainder of the travel plans stay the same.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Are you available any time this week?  We are getting down to the nitty gritty.  Kay 
 Let me think about it. 
 I don't think this agreement  will be on the agenda until next week.  If things change (moving up or back), I'll let you know.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Sounds good.  We may not need the entity in New York yet, as we are looking at getting a free option, not anonymous.  Deals kind of funky.  Correct on the Edgecombe (North Carolina) thing.  Kay 
 Ed,  To clarify, the Edgecombe we were discussing is in North Carolina.  The New York deal is a separate deal.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here it is.  I guess she didn't make my reservations. You might want to double check.  Obviously, I do not need a car.  I would like to get these reservations asap for the upgrade.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Yes and yes.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Sheila stopped by to let me know that it is ok for me to give you a hand on the lease term sheet.  I've stopped by a couple of times today, but I've missed you.  Please let me know if you still want my help, and if so, if you have any additional information, etc.  Thanks,  Kay 
 IT IS RAINING!!!  I hope it is raining at the house.  It looks like it probably is raining all over town.  Hope you get some there.  Neil's address is nmann@erac.com.  Paige's address is recordp@southwestern.edu.  She can get her email from Houston (don't ask me how).  We had a great time this weekend, too.  I'm glad it worked out so well.  I thought it was very relaxing.  I would love to have the recipe for the beef.  I will probably go to North Carolina Wednesday, returning Thursday or Friday.  Take care!  Love,  Kay 
 I have some folks who want to option some land in New York.  Do we have a company for New York yet?  If not, I seem to recall that we were going to start using one of the existing companies for land options instead of creating a new one every time.  Am I remembering that correctly?  Basically I'm looking for the company name to use in an option.  Any suggestions?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Both of those sound pretty good.  Paige is so excited.  She got a $1000 pay check. 
 John,  I made the changes you suggested.  The prior version contained a non-circumvention (you can't pursue the project without me) versus the current exclusivity (you must work only with me), which seems somewhat more restrictive since it would keep us from bringing in additional participants.  I've changed language in the next paragraph to avoid a contradiction.    If we go with this approach then I suspect we will want to work on an LOI which divides up responsibility going forward. Let me know what you think.  Kay 
 I'm trying to locate a copy of the contract to purchase the 501D5A turbine to see if we need to be aware of any issues in the contract. Do you have a copy?  If not, I can probably get a copy from EECC.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Attached is the form interconnection agreement provided by Virgina Power, for your information, review, etc. It is a new form which is currently under review by VEPCO.  Kay 
 Hi.  I'm kinda tired this morning.  I guess I just need a bit more sleep.  Michael tried to push the envelope this am.  He wanted to eat some more after he had brushed his teeth (I told him breakfast was over, so no more food) and wanted to go back in to get a toy to take (nope).  He handled the frustration ok.  Do we have anything planned this weekend?  Ta ta for now,  ckm 
 Suzanne,  Please schedule this week's conference call for 930am on Wednesday, and include the usual suspects:  Sheila, Scott, Rose, Mike Barnas and Kent Shoemaker.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Kathy,  I will be out of town on Thursday and Friday, and will therefore be unable to attend.  Thank you,  Kay 
 FPL, Entergy Merge in $7 Billion Deal NEW YORK (Reuters) - FPL Group Inc., the parent of Florida Power & Light Co., said on Monday it would merge with Entergy Corp. in a stock deal worth $7 billion to create the largest U.S. power generating company. The combined company would have a total enterprise value of more than $27 billion, consisting of $16.4 billion in equity market capitalization and $10.7 billion in debt and preferred stock, the companies said. The merger is expected to immediately boost earnings for both companies. Under the terms of the agreement, FPL shareholders would receive one share of a new holding company for each FPL share held. Entergy shareholders would get 0.585 of a share of the new holding company for each Entergy share. Based on the companies' closing stock prices, the deal would value Entergy at its market value of $7 billion, or about $30.89 per share. FPL shares closed Friday at 52-13/16, off a year high of 56-5/8 but up from a low of 36-3/8. Entergy stock ended at 30-5/16, off a high of 31-3/16 but up from a low of 15-15/16. SHAREHOLDERS' APPROVAL REQUIRED The combination must be cleared by shareholders as well as federal regulators. FPL and Entergy said they hope to complete the transaction within 15 months. ``The merger combines two strategically aligned, financially healthy companies into an organization that has no equal in the industry,'' said J. Wayne Leonard, Entergy chief executive. Leonard will serve as president and chief executive of the combined company while FPL's chief executive, James Broadhead, will serve as chairman. The deal was billed as a merger of equals but gives FPL shareholders 57 percent of the combined company and eight of 15 seats on the board of directors, the companies said. Once combined, the new company is expected to see annual cost savings of $110 million to $150 million in its regulated businesses derived from eliminating duplicate corporate and administrative positions and programs. Competitive businesses should see annual cost savings and revenue enhancements of $40 million to $125 million and capital expenditure savings of $50 million to $100 million, the companies said. FPL and Entergy said they will seek to ``minimize workforce effects of the merger'' through a variety of unidentified efforts. In addition, both FPL and Entergy have authorized stock buyback plans, together worth $1 billion. FPL plans to repurchase $570 million shares while Entergy is looking to buy back $430 million in stock, the companies said. 
 I hope I'm in town! 
 3850, through the wooden doors.    Enron North America Corp. 
 No.  I'll have Neil check (he does all that stuff). 
 Since I've had to miss the first 2 meetings due to travel, is it possible for me to drop off my check and pick up any materials?  Thanks,  Kay 
 TECO tolling, with my comments: 
 How does this look?  Kay 
 We need to keep in mind the 30 day deadline to provide notice.  We don't want to give them any room to wiggle. We can always send another notice later.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 Hi again,  I just called Mom and told her our plans.  She says Dad has no clue.  She vacuumed on Monday or Tuesday, and he asked her who she was expecting to visit the next day. HA HA HA.  I told her that we are all very proud of ourselves for not blowing it.  Dad doesn't know I called today, so I can call him tomorrow when we are on the way, talk to Mom and let her know when we will be there.  It won't be that weird for me to call on a Saturday morning.  She say Larry and Beverly left today, so we can park in their driveway and be sneaky.  I'm so excited!!!  Kay 
 Well, I believe I'll bring something cool, comfortable, and casual.  Or, maybe jeans.  I don't have a very large selection, since most of my clothes are either work clothes or beyond casual (yard stuff).  I have a couple of Hawaiian shirts, so I'll probaly pick one of  those.  Neil will wear shorts and probably a Hawaiian shirt, since that is what he almost always wears when he isn't working!  What do you want to do about lunch tomorrow?  I can bring something, or we can just tell Mom we ate on the way.  You know how she frets about such things.  Or, we could pick up Sonic if someone is hungry.  We'll have some type  of snacks for Michael, I guess, since he's at the age where he eats constantly.  HMMMM.  More to think about! 
 Mitch,  Has the letter gone out?  Kay 
 Clark,  FYI.  Kay 
 I don't have an electronic version yet either.  If you don't get it today, I'll fed ex a copy to your office for when you return. 
 YUMMY 
 fyi 
 Allyson,  The nondisclosure agreement is acceptable for the our purposes at this time.  Kay 
 Hi Gaye,  We are looking forward to seeing you and Earl this weekend.  We will have 9 for dinner, not counting the 6 year old who will have eaten (although he will eat a piece of bread, if offered).  I just hate to pay for a real dinner for him when I know he won't be interested in grown up food.  If it isn't too much trouble, could you email me the menu?  We will be bringing beer and wine.  See you soon (just not soon enough),  Kay Mann 713 973 6325 
 Hi John,  Enron is ok with signing the consents.  After the assignment of the contracts out of LLCs, we would like to exercise our put.  Please share this info with George.  I believe Ben will be in town tomorrow (right Ben?) so we can get it signed up this week.  Thanks,  Kay 
 We've reserved the two upstairs bedrooms which are connected by a porch with telescope.  Do you have a prefence as to which you want (just is case we get there early)?  You can look them up at http://www.bbhost.com:8008/moonlightbaybb/  We have Moonlight and Roses and Moonglow.  Ta ta for now,  Kay 
 I've sent down the draft interconnection agreement we received from VEPCO for your review.  If you don't get it tomorrow, let me know.  Kay 
 Here's a list of the transactions that I can foresee in connection with the VEPCO deal.  Please feel free to add others:    Kay 
 Ed,  Although this email was directed to EI lawyers, I was under the impression that this was a Corp policy.  Maybe I was wrong.  Kay 
 Nancy,  Thanks for the wonderful turn around time!  I glanced through the interconnect.  It includes arbitration (poor Dutch) and equipment outage as force majeure.  Gee, what's good for the goose should be good for the gander.  Talk to you soon,  Kay 
 I've just returned to the office, and will handle the changes as suggested.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Could you fax to Heather and Ozzie at the same fax as last night?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I don't see a problem with it. 
 Amen.  To complicate things, the process is relatively new, so the originators/developers aren't experienced in working through it. 
 Hi there,  I believe Chris should be back today, so I wanted to follow up on this.  I don't have any recollection of where we left the escrow agreement with NW. Please get with MKahn or Jerry DeBerry to see if we can get consensus on the current form of escrow agreement.  Once we have that, Enron (Chris) will make contact with Citibank.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Herman says he has a lot of accounting issues to go over, and I thought it would be best if we all heard the same thing at the same time, plus, how the heck is this puppy going to get financed? 
 Hi there.  I'm trying to put together a meeting on Thursday at 200 to discuss the VEPCO project.  How does 200 look for you?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Allyson says we can scratch around in the dirt a bit (I'm paraphrasing), so I'm sure some site preparation is ok.  I'm not sure I like her availability stuff as inserted. Maybe we should leave some space for some wording, but not give them actual language today.  It is such a big issue, I hate for us to get into a box which won't work.  I'm going to check around again for the OEC stuff.  I still haven't seen anything.  I'll tell Nancy we will meet her in her office around 11:00.  As for meeting with Herman, should J Keenan be included as well?  Kay 
 I sent it to Ken and Mike.  They had difficulty opening it, but did get it= =20 open this am.  I haven't heard back since then.  Herman wants to meet on Thursday or Friday to discuss structure.  What do y= ou=20 think?  The Willard was booked, so I'm staying at the Monarch, near Nancy's office.= =20 I'm taking flight that gets to DC around 1100. =20  We received an email from Allyson that indicates that we may be able to get= =20 some deadlines set so that the CPCN is issued by November 1.  She says it i= s=20 muy mal to begin construction before it is issued.  Do you want to have a conference call this afternoon with Nancy to discuss= =20 the draft PPA?  Kay 
 Hi Rusty,  Here's my only comment, which I sent directly to Karen.  Kay 
 Karen,  I have in hand the Ledford agreement.  My only comment is that on its face it does not appear to limit the Ledford's to the relief described (no sole/exclusive remedy clause).  Does that occur by operation of law in Illinois?  Thank you for your assistance.  Kay 
 Tomorrow is bad for me, but Thursday afternoon or anytime Friday is good.  Kay 
 Any idea how close it is to B & P's office, and how much it costs?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Suzanne,  Please set up a conference call for tomorrow, 830 Houston time, and advise the following of the details:  Sheila Scott Dieball Rose Engeldorf Kent Shoemaker Mike Barnas  The last two are from GE.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's a version:   You probably know this, but the most important stuff is:  assignment exercise dates (get more time than you could possibly need, because you'll need it) scope (if available), schedule guarantees option price not credited against purchase price (and lately, not refundable)  Lisa Bills, Herman Manis, Rose Engeldorf and Matt Berry typically review these. 
 Hi Jeff,  Did you want Stacy to take a look at this?  Kay 
 There were technical difficulties with the last one - this should be easier to read.  Kay 
 Here's the version showing revisions. 
 Attached is the current draft of the PPA for the VEPCO deal for your information, review, etc.  Kay 
 John,  Credit appears to be a problem on this deal.  Therefore, please stand by for further developments.  I appreciate your very quick response.  Apparently, my client was satisified with the service he received.  Kay 
 Allyson,  Thank you for the update.  Is not having the CPCN an absolute bar to beginning construction?  What are the risks?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I got the same response from Mike and Ken.  Doesn't sound good. 
 They can't open the attachment.  Is there a way to save it in an earlier version of Word and resend?  Also, please print the attachment and fax it to Mike Colo, 252 972 7014.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Well, there's your summo wrestler, a fan, wasabi peas, and I think a sea shell. 
 Mike,  I'll try to figure out the conversion.  In the meanwhile, if you can email me your fax number I'll send it that way.  Kay 
 This is on the horizon, so I thought I would let you know.  Kay 
 Gentlemen,  Could we schedule some time for a conference call next week?  I would appreciate the opportunity to work through some of the legal issues.  I have the lofty goal of not working Memorial Day weekend this year, so I'm trying to get as much done on this deal as soon as possible.  Thanks,  Kay  PS.  I'm open Tues am and most of Wednesday.  I can probably work my schedule so that I'm available quite a bit of next week. 
 Gentlemen,  Due to some internal comments we have made some revisions to the land option agreement.  The most significant change is that it is clear that the option payment is not refundable, and will not be applied against the purchase price.  There is also a clarification in paragraph 9 (re assignment) that the assignee remains responsible for any liability arising prior to assignment.  I believe we are ready to go forward with signature when you are.  Please advise if this version is acceptable.  Also, please let me know if you would like for me to have a redline version prepared.  Kay 
 tomorrow is probably better than Wednesday 
 To tell you the truth, this stuff is difficult for me to retain, so I could be completely off base. I would like to have Herman walk through it again. 
 An email only a fellow turbine czarina could appreciate... 
 Thanks for your help.  Kay 
 I'm not sure why this came to me, but I thought I would share it anyway. 
 I don't believe I forwarded this to you.  Kay 
 Hi Heather,  We can discuss these comments, if you want, or just incorporate them. Electricities shouldn't mind.  Kay 
 Those bizness whites are the best. 
 Well, what can I say.  It represents job security for all of us! 
 I find the process a challenge to manage.  How's that for hyperbole? 
 FYI.  Kay 
 Hi Lisa,  I received your voice mail regarding the ABB contract. As I recall, ABB signed the contract after I received approval from you (while we were on the phone on July 14 talking about the Moore project), Rose, and Herman, and had incorporated the comments sent by Rob Taylor. Quite frankly, I thought that was it for the GF approval process, so WestLB's comments came as a surprise to me when they were faxed in a few days later.  I received a voice mail that indicated that ABB is ok with WestLB's changes. I expect Enron may be signing today, and we will need WestLB's signature. Please advise how this should be handled.  Kay 
 Any luck?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Good morning,  I'll check around for some peaker availability language.  If you would like, I can give a heads up to the finance group so that they know how quickly things will need to move.  I don't have any messages from Nancy yet, but I'm sure we will get a few today.  Kay 
 We had the legal call on Wednesday.  It was Mike, Kent and me. You didn't miss much.  They are waiting on us, and I didn't want to give them anything we hadn't discussed internally.  I asked Rose to have the Coyote Springs contract OBS'ed (off balance sheet-ed).  She should have something shortly.  By the way, the contact sheet that Steve distributed was the one we prepared.  I'll catch you up on other stuff when you have time.  Nothing urgent...  Kay 
 Gee, if you hurry you can still make it to the volleyball game. 
 Karen,  Fred Mitro forwarded an email you sent him concerning a legal question. Please be advised that Enron policy requires that all outside legal advice be coordinated through an inhouse lawyer, and certainly any legal advice given to Enron employees must be given to Enron counsel as well.  This requires some discipline on the part of our outside counsel, but we find it works in everyone's best interest.  Thank you for your attention to this very important policy.  Kay 
 Hi Fred and Suzanne,  I'm sending this to Suzanne so she can make these changes.  Suzanne, you'll find the document attached to an email I received from Fred on July 11, entitled Kendall New Development LLC.  Here's my comments on the ComEd agreement:  4.  Change 100,000 to 50,000 (right, Fred?)  5.  Add "and the purchase order or contract will be assigned to Customer (or Customer's designee) at Customer's request, including the warranty provisions of such purchase order or contract" after costs on the 7th line.  9.  Add "for the purpose of performing its Scope of Work" to the end of the sentence.  10.  Add "internal and external" before legal counsel on 5th line.  16.  Add "Customer may assign this Agreement to an affiliate without consent"  I'll be checking in.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Looks fine to me.  Kay 
 Hi Matt,  This is the document that I referenced in my voice mail.  It would be great if it could be compared against the  agreement for the Wilton Center.  I will call later to see if you've had any luck.  As you can guess, this is on a short fuse.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Thanks.  I'm in DC (actually, Richmond VA) with Nancy Wodka working on a PPA.  I haven't opened the attachment yet due to the length of time it takes over this connection, and the late hour.  You may have addressed this in your email, but as I recall you were going to work on a summary of the restricted activities, as a foundation for the document anticipated by the LLC agreement.  Any luck with that?  I'll be in touch shortly.  Thanks for keeping track.  Kay 
 Hi.  I'm working with Nancy Wodka on a deal with Virginia Power.  We are working on the PPA tomorrow.  Thanks for the offer of the tickets.  I'm sure Bob will enjoy the experience, even if the game is, well, an Astros game.  What a difference a year makes.  See you soon,  Kay 
 Gentlemen,  We have revised the option agreement to reflect most of your suggested changes.  Please advise if the attached is acceptable.  Thank you,  Kay 
 Hi Herman,  Here's the agreement I referenced in my voice mail.  We will change it so that they can't buy any equipment without further written authorization from Enron.  Anything else?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Clark,  I'm in DC (in Bracewell's offices, in fact), and just picked up your email. Has anyone taken you up on the offer?  If not, I'd be happy to take the tickets.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm flying to Richmond this am.  I'll read the ABB contract on the plane, and let you know what I think this afternoon.  Hopefully, we can put it to bed.  Kay 
 I'm still not sure who has this territory. However, if you need something, please let me know.  Kay 
 Thanks... 
 Jonathan,  Please resend the draft confidentiality agreement for the Public Staff, preferably by email.  I cannot locate the document here.  The LOI with Rocky Mount is still under discussion.  In a recent discussion with one of Enron's folks the City (or their lawyer) raised the issue that Kilpatrick Stockton had represented them in the past, and that there might be a potential conflict.  I don't anticipate a problem, but we should discuss it soon.  Thank you for your assistance,  Kay 
 I don't know anything about Shelby, but I take it that you don't think it impacts Haywood at this late date.  Kay 
 Hi Nancy,  I've misplaced your direct line - could you email it to me?  The travel schedules of the Enron delegation are becoming complicated.  Would it be possible for you to travel with us to Richmond tomorrow night?  That would give us more flexibility in case we need to convene before the meeting on Thursday.  We are staying at the Marriott in Richmond.  Thanks,  Kay 713 345 7566 
 Please fax the Winston & Strawn changes to Kathy Clark.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I just got a fax in from WestLB with a couple of changes. (cringe) What's your fax number? 
 I just want to get it finished and off the to do list. 
 Do you remember anything about this agreement?  It was something people were looking for while I was in Fort Worth, and now I'm trying to find the signed original.  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI. 
 Brian Barto might have the info also.  I left Brian a voice mail and asked him to call you or me back with the info.  He is pretty bad about returning phone calls, though.  Kay 
 Hi.  I don't think I would have Rob participate in the call.    Just doesn't feel right.  I haven't heard any feedback from this morning's conference call.  Have you?  Kay 
 A likely story.  By the way, what do you think of having Rob or someone OBS the Coyote Springs contract so we can use it as a starting point?  That would give me something to report.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Just a reminder about our telephone call tomorrow morning.  Sheila left word that she won't be participating - something about being in St. Thomas.  Last I heard from Scott, he was on his way to the UK, but maybe he will be dialing in.  Talk to you tomorrow.  Kay 
 SZ,  What do you think?  Kay 
 It might work better if you call. Steve is very nice. 
 Neat.  Thanks. 
 I have not responded yet, mostly because I don't know the answer.  Kay 
 Mr. Turner has the signed dissolution papers. 
 Not me. Bart, is it you?  Kay 
 Here's a revised draft of the agreement with Peoples.  Kay 
 fyi 
 What fun.  I know T. Mueller is on holiday.  I suspect he would want AI and St. Paul to agree in writing that this doesn't prejudice any rights/constitute a waiver, etc.  You may have considered this already, but payment to /request for payment to EEPC may trigger the responsibility to pay VAT.  Good luck, and keep me posted.  Kay 
 Sorry if I'm a little late in the day.  I feel into marathon meeting mode today.  Here are my observations of the GE contract.  I tried to confine it to significant issues since it appears to me that the negotiations are far along.  General Terms and Conditions I don't see where the buyer has much financial leverage for performance/warranty issues.  Final payment is made at shipment, with the Buyer having the benefit of a 10% retention bond; however, the retention bond expires at Provisional Acceptance.  There is no financial leverage for Final Acceptance or the warranty period.  Also, usually provisional or final acceptance requires that GE provide the operating manuals.  The assignment language (8) is somewhat narrow.  I don't know the deal, so I don't know how it fits. It can help to have language which allows for free assignment after provisional acceptance or payment in full, whichever occurs first.  Also, the contract can allow for a substitute guaranty as payment security, in lieu of the buyer guaranty.  Again, I don't know the deal so this may be fine as is.  The contract incorporates GE's proposal as a  part of the contract, but does not give an order of precedence.  I haven't seen the proposal or any other technical exhibits, but sometimes these can be very self-serving.  Therefore, you can potentially lose ground with what is in the exhibit.  Warranty.  The language is a bit confusing to me, especially the interplay of the 1st and 2nd paragraph.  Also, the "outs" they have are very broad.  It is better if there outs are limited to installation/operation/maintenance not in accoredance with their written instructions (alternatively, industry practice).  Also, they have an out if repairs are performed without their permission, but there's no time line or urgency for their response to a warranty claim.  A statement that they must provide a service engineer within 3 days or so might help.  I also suggest being clear that 1.2 applies to warranty obligations, but their obligation to respond quickly to warranty problems need to be explicit.  Excusable Delay. (15) I would delete "indirectly" from the 3rd line.  Provisional Acceptance. I don't understand the phrase "only to the extent and proportional share".  Does this mean that GE may not be liable for the full LD's, or that the buyer has to prove  a right to collect LD's?  Litigation. The dispute resolution (mediation then  litigation) is not consistent with the usual arbitration route we request.  I didn't take a hard look at LD's, since I assumed these are settled.  13.6 Enron typically gets more precise language than this.  For instance, I would delete or clarify the phrase "including that due to environment or operation", as being vague.  13.6 (i)The phrase "proper storage, installation, operation and maintenance" should be as defined by GE's written instructions, or at least based on industry standards. 13.6 (ii) could conceivably allow them to drag their feet on a repair, then not allow us to get someone else to do the work.  14.1  The last line should include the words "strict liability" after "negligence". GE ususally gives us indemnity for any hazardous substance they introduce.  This is a quick look.  If you need more detailed information (and you think there's time to negotiate further), I can look at it in more detail.  Kay 
 I'm planning on going.   It should go without saying that you are welcome also.  Kay 
 FYI.  Kay 
 Nancy Wodka Bracewell & Patterson 2000 K Street (20th at K) DC  202 8285000 is the  main number FAX 202 223 1225  Kay 
 Hey, we all can use a little money.  Life doesn't seem to get any cheaper.  Honey, I think we discussed C T Systems doing the filing.  Do you recall how much it was?  If not, I can see what I can find out.  Which is more strange: Joe in Central America or Jack in Egypt?  Clark in Chicago?  Kay at Enron?  Gerry BUYING an engineering company?  Honey STILL at Technip?  Sounds like a great time for a reunion.  Kay 
 As luck would have, I have to leave town this week. I need to cancel this class.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Nancy,  I believe we are scheduled to start at 900am Thursday.  I had a voice mail from Heather that said she was planning to spend the night Thursday in case the meeting went long, or we wanted to continue on Friday.  I haven't heard where we will be staying.  As for the interconnection agreement, it would be great to have a internal working draft this week.  That way we can discuss it with Heather and make good use of our time.  Also, we could  have some general, preliminary discussions with VEPCO about it, if we feel ready.  I've been trying to get a form from someone around here, but haven't had any luck.  Perhaps someone BP's Houston office has an "Enron form".  Sheryl Gussett's name is next to "interconnection agreement" on our document team list.  Kay 
 The following is a redline version of the execution version (so we hope) versus the last draft you saw.  Please advise if there are any problems/comments.  Kay 
 I threw the initials in there for your benefit. It means Oh Bull Shit.  Kay 
 This is the contract that we said would be the jumping off point (an accurate description) for our GE discussions.  As I recall, we need to give it the off balance sheet treatment before it is distributed to the masses. Rose, can you take responsibility for the basic OBS stuff?  I suggest we discuss assignment and indemnity separately (and soon).  My assistant is setting up the legal team's conference call for Wednesday at 830.  Details to follow.  Kay 
 Good  morning,  Enron's finance people are asking about the status of the turbine contract for Pastoria.  Since Sheila is on vacation I thought I would check with you. Is it in final form, and if so, has it been executed?  It would be a big help to get an electronic version sent to me.  Thanks,  Kay 
 6. Default By DBEC. Should DBEC default on the payment obligations contained herein,  it shall be liable for interest on the amount outstanding at a rate of one and one/half percent  per month or each portion thereof.  Should the City of Deerfield Beech obtain enforcement of the payment obligations contained herein through judicial action, then, in that event, the City of Deerfield Beech shall be reimbursed by the DBEC for all costs and attorneys fees including the costs of any appeals. 7.  Default By the City of Deerfield Beech.  Should the City of Deerfield Beech default on the obligations contained herein, and DBEC obtain enforcement of any rights or obligations set forth herein through  judicial action, then, in that event, DBEC shall be reimbursed by the City of Deerfield Beech for all costs and attorneys fees including the costs of any appeals. 
 Lloyd is a good guy.  He is head of the Services Group.  He probably does other things as well, but that's how I know him.  I can send it to Lloyd if you want.  Kay 
 Please calendar for me. 
 I'm available anytime.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Hi Bob,  Is there a favorite go by for an interconnection agreement?  I have one on my immediate to do list, and I want to point outside counsel in the right direction.  Thanks,  Kay 
 How bad is that.  I forgot I asked him to send it to you. 
 Mom was asking my about cake, and I don't know what is on the menu for dessert.  Guess we can ask for cake.  Neil thought we should have cake at the PH.  Guess that makes sense, too.  You want to coordinate on when to get there? That may be too out of character for all of us, but we can aspire to organization.  It is hot here, too.  The wind in the afternoon is really oppressive.  Dry heat - HA!  It is still darn hot.  I cringe at the thought of Six Flags.  I'm sure Paige can be bought.  She went recently and had a big time.  Hope your week is quiet.  Love/hugs, etc, to all,  Kay 
 I thought that someone retrieved the originals (which has been signed by GE but not Enron) while I was in Ft. Worth for my dad's surgery. Marty mentioned that you were looking for them, so I thought  he had given them to you (he's out this week).  I have not seen the termination agreement since I returned. Did you and John leave fully executed termination agreements in my office? Maybe someone else picked them up.  I can't tell you what's going on with the assignment.  Perhaps Peggy Banczak can help out with that.  Kay 
 I think we will be staying in Richmond.  At least that was the plan as of Friday afternoon.  Heather Kroll will be meeting with us.  Kay 
 I see your point that the put should be higher up on the list.  In my opinion, this will be the biggest issue with ABB. 
 FYI. 
 I think I have everything except the termination agreement.  I'll check, and send you what I have. 
 Hi Nancy,  There are some comments on the VEPCO ppa from our regulatory side.  I was unclear if you had seen these before.  Kay 
 I think you'd better stick close to home and smile when she gets back.  ckm 
 Hi guys,  Could someone send an electronic file of the execution copy of the Coyote Springs contract?  Thank you,  Kay 
 I haven't seen a signed copy of the termination agreement cross my desk.  I just want to make sure that the fully executed document has been processed.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Nancy,  We are still on for Thursday with VEPCO in Richmond.  I would like for you to participate.  In addition, we would like the opportunity to meet with you before hand.  We can meet late Wednesday afternoon in DC.  How does that sound to you?  I look forward to speaking with you soon,  Kay 
 Boyd,  I am not sure you have seen this agreement.  If you haven't, please give it a look for "fatal flaws", or information you think we need to be informed.  Thank you,  Kay 
 I've made a rough stab at an exhibit to capture the changes which are necessary for the ABB contract.  Please comment on the attached, suggest changes, etc.  I will add a rep. or condition about receiving all the change orders, etc,  FYI, I will be working on this over the weekend, should you care to comment.    Kay 
 Here's an outline of what I was thinking of using. Obviously, there are huge holes in it, but I wanted to see if I'm on the right track.  Kay 
 Ok.  I'll send it. 
 This is mostly just a template at this point.  Lisa has it as well.  Kay 
 Here's where I am:    Kay 
 How about 100? 
 Thank you.  More light reading!  Kay 
 I thought I would send this to you and you could just try to guess what we want to do. 
 Here's a start... 
 FYI. 
 Matt,  Please see if you can chase down the executed version of the first document. Lou Stoler may know something.  You can also check with David Tucker at Bracewell.  Thanks,  Kay  PS Did you ever figure out how original documents are handled around here? 
 It the dark recesses of my mind I recall that Honey has a form to fill out. However, that doesn't keep us from distributing $.  We just need to keep enough to pay CT to file the documents.  Congratulations, that was quite a feat.  Time for a Fish wake?  Kay 
 They should put pictures on resumes... 
 per your request... 
 Hi Ben,  How's about the Acccounting/Finance presentation at noon on May 23rd, then we can all go to the Astros' game at 305?  Kay 
 Good morning.  I'm looking for a confidentiality agreement between ENA and Peoples Energy Resources on or around Nov. 23, 1999.  Can either of you help me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Lisa Bills and I spoke concerning this transaction, and what kind of document we can put in front of Peoples at this time.  Here are the highlights from our conversation:  Enron can't enter into a binding commitment to purchase the equipment without putting the Moore project on the balance sheet.  Therefore, either WestLB needs to enter into the agreement with Peoples or Enron can enter into an option agreement.  There is room in the WestLB facility for the turbines; however, RAC needs to approve the purchase.  Lisa advises that Transaction Support (Herman or Roger) needs to buy in as well.  I understand we would like to present a binding agreement to Peoples tomorrow, however, this appears to be problematic given the need to keep the Moore project off the balance sheet.  I'm available to discuss this.  Lisa advises that she will be in tomorrow as well.  Lisa, please correct me if any of this is not accurate.  Kay 
 Weak excuse!  It lasts for 16 weeks... 
 Not to suggest anything, but I'm going to try this for that stubborn 10-15lbs. 
 Just a reminder: the contract gives us 30 days to give them written notice. I'm not sure when the clock started ticking - the contract says something about the supervisory personnel at the facility becoming aware of the problem. (paraphrasing, of course).    Enron North America Corp. 
 Viola! 
 I believe we are in a position to finish this contract today (or tomorrow) = if=20 we can get buy in on the change in assignment highlighted in red below (las= t=20 paragraph of 22.2).  Previously, the unfettered right to assign arose at=20 Acceptance.  This change allows us the flexibility to pay for a unit and=20 assign it to anyone, and not have to wait until the unit is satisfactorily= =20 completed, installed, etc.=20  Please let me know if this change is ok, and if WestLB will be in a positio= n=20 to sign this agreement tomorrow.  Thanks,  Kay  ARTICLE XXII.  ASSIGNMENT  22.1   Assignment by Seller.  This Agreement may not be assigned by Seller= =20 without the prior written consent of Purchaser, which shall not be=20 unreasonably withheld.  22.2   Assignment by Purchaser.  This Agreement or any right or obligation= =20 contained herein may be assigned, from time to time, by Purchaser or Agent= =20 without Seller=01,s consent to:  (i) Agent (in the case of an assignment by Purchaser) or an Affiliate of=20 either Purchaser or Agent;  (ii) a joint venture, partnership, limited liability company or other simil= ar=20 entity in which Agent or any of its Affiliates is a venturer, partner or=20 participant with no less than a nineteen and one-half percent (19.5%) equit= y=20 interest;  (iii) any Lender;  (iv) any Indemnified Party;  (v) any entity for the purposes of financing or sale of the Facility;  (vi) any party (1) for which Agent or any of its Affiliates has agreed to= =20 construct or develop a facility using the Equipment, or (2) to which the=20 Agent or any of its Affiliates has agreed to convey a power plant project= =20 which it has under development; or  (vii) any contractor or developer (including, without limitation, Enron=20 Engineering & Construction Company and/or NEPCO) which is retained by=20 Purchaser or Agent or any of its Affiliates to construct or develop a=20 Facility using the Equipment.  In the case of an assignment to a party described in (ii), (vi), or (vii)= =20 (other than  Enron Engineering & Construction or NEPCO), Seller shall be=20 entitled to request and receive an appropriate guaranty, letter of credit,= =20 payment bond or other reasonable form of payment security, in amount not to= =20 exceed the amount of the Purchase Amount remaining to be paid at the time o= f=20 the assignment, unless the assignor agrees to remain liable for all future= =20 liabilities under this Agreement.  A letter of guaranty, letter of credit, = or=20 payment bond provided by an entity rated BBB+ or better shall be deemed to = be=20 an appropriate form of security for the purpose of this provision.  Except for (i) through (vii) above, this Agreement or any rights or=20 obligations hereunder may not be assigned by Purchaser or Agent to other=20 parties without the prior written consent of Seller which shall not be=20 unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.  Seller agrees to respond to= =20 any request for consent within thirty (30) Days following its receipt of su= ch=20 request.  Any failure to respond within the foregoing time period shall be= =20 deemed to be a grant by Seller of its consent to the proposed assignment.  = In=20 determining whether Purchaser or Agent shall be permitted to assign this=20 Agreement, Seller shall only be deemed to be reasonable in withholding its= =20 consent if the proposed assignee does not have substantially the same or=20 better credit quality than Agent unless (a) the proposed assignee provides= =20 appropriate guaranties, letters of credit or other assurances of payment=20 issued by an entity or person with substantially the same or better credit= =20 quality than Agent, or (b) the assignor agrees to remain liable for all=20 future liability under this Agreement.  Purchaser or Agent shall have the= =20 right to assign or pledge, from time to time, all or any portion of its=20 right, title and interest in, to and under the Agreement as collateral for= =20 financing of any Facility without Seller=01,s consent.  When duly assigned in accordance with the foregoing (including, following a= ny=20 collateral assignment, upon foreclosure by any collateral assignee) (i) thi= s=20 Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the=20 assignee (and all rights hereunder, including, without limitation, any and= =20 all warranty rights, shall be assigned to the assignee as if such assignee= =20 were an original party hereto), and (ii) the assignor shall be irrevocably= =20 relieved and forever discharged of all liability under this Agreement so lo= ng=20 as the assignee executes an assumption of such liabilities.  Any other=20 assignment by Purchaser or Agent other than as permitted hereunder shall be= =20 void and without force or effect.=20  Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, in connection with any=20 assignment permitted under this Section 22.2 to any assignee, the Purchaser= =20 shall have the right, from time to time by Notice to Seller and without=20 Seller=01,s consent, to (i) designate such assignee to be the successor of= =20 Purchaser hereunder, (ii) designate such assignee to be the successor of = =20 =01&Agent=018 hereunder, (iii) designate such assignee as a sub-agent of th= e Agent=20 hereunder, and (iv) designate that such assignee has succeeded to all of th= e=20 rights and obligations of both Purchaser and Agent, whereupon=20 (notwithstanding the first WHEREAS clause hereof, but subject to any=20 subsequent appointment of an =01&Agent=018 hereunder) each reference to =01= &Purchaser=018=20 hereunder shall be deemed a reference to such assignee acting in its=20 individual capacity and each reference to an =01&Agent=018 herein shall be = deemed=20 deleted.  Upon any permitted assignment of the rights under this Agreement to acquire= a=20 Unit or Units, and the assumption (in accordance with the terms hereof) of= =20 the obligations related thereto, Seller shall enter into a separate purchas= e=20 agreement with the permitted assignee (each, a =01&Facility Agreement=018).= The=20 terms of each Facility Agreement will be in strict conformity with the term= s=20 and conditions of this Agreement, except for site specific changes as agree= d=20 by the Seller and such assignee.  In no way shall the Facility Agreement=20 increase the liability or responsibility of Seller, Purchaser, or Agent und= er=20 this Agreement.  The parties further agree that the provisions of this Agreement relating to= =20 assignment will only control the assignment of Purchaser=01,s or Agent=01,s= rights=20 and obligations under this agreement prior to payment of the Purchase Amoun= t=20 (except for the Retention Amount) of the Unit to be assigned. Following=20 payment of the Purchase Amount (except for the Retention Amount), Purchaser= =20 or Agent shall be permitted, without Seller=01,s consent, to: (i) assign al= l or=20 part of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, (ii) convey any=20 ownership interest that it may have in the Facility and/or (iii) convey any= =20 ownership interest that it may have in the entity which may own the Facilit= y.=20  22.3   Agreement with Lender.  Seller agrees that if requested by Purchaser= ,=20 Seller shall enter into a direct agreement with Lender under which Lender i= s=20 permitted to "step into" this Agreement. 
 Hi guys,  I need the ABB contract and the PDA at your earliest convenience so that I can work on the documents we discussed.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I just received this so I wanted to pass it along.  I'll work through the comments and get back to you with any questions.  Kay 
 Herman and Rose,  Thank you so much for the presentation yesterday concerning accounting/financing issues in power development projects.  The presentation was extremely clear and informative.  The whole group stayed interested, which is a tribute to your preparation and delivery.  Kay 
 I've left the Electricities lawyer a voice mail. 
 Mitch,  Here's a first draft.  Please suggest any additional complaints/shortfalls which we need to raise.  It is better to be all inclusive than leave something out.    Richard, any ideas or comments?  Kay 
 FYI. 
 Nancy,  I don't have details on the meeting on the 20th, but please hold the date open for us.  Talk to you soon,  Kay 
 I should be able to accomodate the schedule.  Kay 
 Well, I've lost today somewhere along the way.  How about Friday morning? You and I can discuss the agency agreement, then get them on the line. Anytime is good for me.  Kay 
 Yes I can. 
 I expect to have it today or tomorrow morning at the latest.  I understand that Mr. Dobler is out.  If so, Mike Miller is available to sign it.  Any new developments?  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI.  No action needed at this point.  Kay 
 Here's the latest from Gregg fyi. 
 Another point:  How do we price gas/power we sell to them, especially in light of our duty of good faith and fair dealing?  Not expecting an answer via email, this is just a topic for further discussion.  ckm 
 Hi Matt,  You may have given this to me before, but I need a copy of the corporate data sheets.  Also, is there a standard slate of officers for ENA? FYI, this company is jointly owned with another company.  Kay 
 FYI. 
 I left Bruce a message offering my assistance. 
 Attached is a draft of an LOI for the City of Rocky Mount.   Please let me know by tomorrow morning if you have any comments.    By the way, the exclusivity provisions are being re-examined, as CRM wants reciprocal exclusivity.  Thank you,  Kay 
 FYI.  I know it is because I'm new to the game, but I find this stuff interesting.  Kay 
 I am not responsible for THIS Tribasa mess.  My responsibility ended when Tribasa IV was signed.  Buenas suerte,  Kay 
 Thank you, Paul.  I appreciate your help. 
 Hi.  Happy Mother's Day.  I was kinda hoping for a post-graduation family  event on that Saturday, as hopes were raised when the ticket issue came up.  Doesn't sound like that's happening.   I don't know when we will be up that way, but it wouldn't surprise me if we headed up Sat am.  That's Memorial Day weekend, so traffic out of Houston on Friday will be horrific.  Neil and I haven't discussed any details yet, though.  Paige is supposed to intern with the Houston Aeros this summer.  No pay, which is a bad thing.  She is currently on the way to Colorado with some friends, and will be back a week from Sunday.  I haven't even mentioned Mac's graduation yet.  I just finished a really busy time, and I'm optimistic that things will resume a more normal pace.  I hope to catch up on yard work this weekend, maybe clean out a closet.  I have the urge to purge.  I would say the Katie got the Clarke math gene, but Paige is a math whiz.  It must be a recessive characteristic.  It is great that the girls have different arenas in which to excel.  I sent Mom a table top cactus garden.  Hope it gets there.  No clue on what to get Mac.  I guess I should ask Paige for ideas.  If I get some good ones from her or Mikey I'll let you know.  Love,  Kay 
 numero dos 
 here's one. 
 I can try! 
 Humberto,  This is the most current version redlined against a previous version.  Kay 
 I want to verify that the relationship between VEPCO and NCP is sufficient to justify the statement that we are negotiating a Power Purchase Agreement with North Carolina.  As for the statement concerning ENA owning the other peaking projects, I could verify the correct Enron entities involved given a little time. Perhaps we could work around it by saying that "ENA and its affiliates" are involved in these other projects.  I'll try to confirm the correct entity to apply.  Kay 
 I've roughed out a document for you to discuss.  It isn't in good enough shape to go to Peoples yet, but hopefully it gives you something to discuss internally so we can decide what we want to do. In the meanwhile, I'm going to continue to think through the issues.  Please let me know what I can do to help.  Kay 
 That would have been too much. 
 Yes, I have it.  She thought she had heartburn while she was with Michael.  What a summer. 
 Allyson called Friday afternoon to tell me they would be sending this out Friday, and it needed to be reviewed quickly.  It never came.  I left a message Friday afternoon, asking where it was.  They sent it to me on Saturday. I left out the really bad part.  I had to leave early on Friday because Michael's sitter (who picks him up from school everyday) had a heart attack.  She's still in St. Luke's.  I'll take a look at it.  ckm 
 Hi Juan,  I had another error message today.  The box was titled "cmd.exe", and the message was "directory name invalid".  My computer is working so far, just thought I would report this for future reference.  Have a good day,  Kay 
 Hi Ben,  IMHO, your team needs a basic understanding of the finance and accounting issues.  Legal should have a bit more of a developed (and probably current) understanding of how to address the issues.  Between Development and Legal, we should be able to get docs about 90% there.  We then take the almost compliant docs to Accting/Finance for fine tuning.  A key action item is getting a presentation set up where there is a good download of information from Acct/Finance to the Development group.  We had one yesterday for Legal, and it was helpful.  I want to sit in when your troops get the presentation, if at all possible, because I can help translate on both sides, I believe.  I also want to make sure that Development and Legal are on the same page.  Fire drill avoidance is a key objective.  Look forward to discussing in detail.  Kay 
 Michelle,  I would like to sign up if there's still room.  Thanks,  Kay 
 My understanding is that the ABB equipment will most likely be used somewhere other than Calumet due to the noise issue.  It is possible that LM 6000's will be used on Calumet, resulting in a re-bid of the EPC contract.  However, none of this is etched in stone, and their are active discussions with Peoples about what to do.  I suspect this isn't much help. Paul probably has better information.  Kay 
 YIPPEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 Here is the answer to the storage charge question. As you recall, the contract allows for us to request storage.  Kay 
 Anything from Mike? 
 The change appears necessary since there is no 20.1 B.  This must have been left over from the GE contract. 
 Ben noticed a mistake in the ABB contract - one I missed.  Enron's address was listed as 1400 Louisiana.  I could not figure out where that address came from, as it had been correct before.  I asked Kathy and she told me that she changed it from Smith to Louisiana because she thought that was the correct address.  Ok, now I'm scared. 
 Hi Jeff,  Ozzie Pagan's team is working on a project for VEPCO.  The power plant will be located in Edgecombe County, North Carolina. I've been told that getting gas for the plant is a significant issue due to local gas supply conditions. One alternative has been to buy gas from the City of Rocky Mount, which has a take or pay contract with the local supplier, and is not using all of their gas, especially in the summer.  We have developed a preliminary draft of the LOI, which I am attaching for your review.  I would appreciate the opportunity to discuss it with you to get your input, etc.  Of particular concern is that Rocky Mount wants ENA to deal exclusively with them during the term of the LOI (this isn't reflected in the draft).  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hope so.  We'll spare you extra emails until then. 
 You should have a  closing party for this one. 
 Good suggestion.  Why don't  you run it by George, and if you get positive feedback I'll suggest it to Ben.  Kay 
 Hi Richard,  When you have 5 minutes I can bring you up-to-speed on the Westinghouse dispute.  Kay 
 Please make the change. 
 FYI. Kathy is changing the address to 1400 Smith in the final version.  Kay 
 I'm speechless. 
 Hi again,  Could you send Rev 10 to Mike S?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here is the most recent (and dare we hope last?) draft of the ABB agreement. Kathy Clark is preparing a redline for your use, and you should have it shortly.    ABB may be insistent upon dating this June 30, but we will try the 7th with an effective date of the 30th. Ben advises that this is a very, very critical point to ABB.  I have not taken ABB's comment on the assignment language, but I hope they will accept what we've given them in this draft.  I have been advised that the price reduction is due to more definitive design criteria being provided by Enron.  Matt Gockerman points out that their is exposure to Missouri sales tax, so we will need WestLB's cooperation in getting the proper exemption certificate for MO.  Have I forgotten to address any questions or comments?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Thanks.  I'll give you a call in a little while to compare notes, status, etc.  Kay 
 Thought you might be interested. 
 Here's what I have on the open issues/ to do list:  Resolve shipping/delivery obligations in accordance with option agreement; conform contract Confirm pricing Add schedule of delivery dates Finalize assignment language (I sent Mike an email with a question about their request) Agree on effective date: suggest signing date be whatever it is (hope for tomorrow) with effective date being the last day of last option Need estimated price per month to store (a request from Finance for budget purposes) Verify sales tax exemption with WestLB (doesn't require ABB involvement, nor does it need to be done before contract is signed) Need assignment of option (Finance to provide - no ABB action, I'll follow up)  Kathy:  do you have anything to add? Are there any technical details left to resolve?  Ben, anything to add?  I'll send a cleaned up version to Mike tomorrow am.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Mike,  I've been trying to figure out what is meant by the last sentence. Can you (or Dave) clarify what is wanted?  Does it mean that payments must be current for the guaranty, etc, to be acceptable?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Nothing better than a FREE trip to SF.  Where will you stay? 
 Hi Juan,  Some strange things happened when I restarted my computer.  This little screen came up, saying "installation aborted".  I chose ok, which was my only option.  I'm obviously on it now, so we'll see how it goes.  Thanks,  Kay 
 For your reading pleasure... 
 No problem. 
 I don't have a problem with not back dating it. I'll see if there's a sesitivity to it from ABB's side. 
 We can discuss this am. 
 Rusty,  Let's meet at your convenience.  We need to identify some of the tripping points and critical path items, especially since our goal (I assume) will be to keep equipment, EPC contracts, land (?), etc off Enron's balance sheet while things are developing.  Talking through the process should help.  Kay 
 I'm attaching a revised draft of the option to purchase the land for the VEPCO deal.  I've limited it to the land in Edgecombe County, changed the initial period to 90 days (with 3 x 90 day renewals).  The price is changed to $137,600, as have the option payments ($3500 for each 90 day period).  Is there anything else which needs to be changed?    FYI, I've left a message for Dutch Bumgarnder, VEPCO's lawyer, concerning the interconnection agreement, and who is doing what.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's what I can give you without talking to anyone:  I am not familiar with the Goldendale turbine (#7 on ENA long list). ENA's CTG group lists #7 as being an EECC turbine for Goldendale, not an ENA asset.  I don't know the 2 used GEC turbines (#8 on ENA long list).  On the EECC long list, #13 (501D5A) is not slated to be used on an an ENA/Electrocities project, as LM's are now being considered (guess you knew this).  I believe Blue Dog (#14 on EECC list) has been an EECC deal, not an ENA deal; I don't know about the Choc. Bayou or Central Iowa projects listed as ENA projects.   Maybe these are sleepers.  I can chase down more info, and Sheila probably has  a great deal she can tell you just from looking at the list.  Kay 
 I believe I was told Richmond. 
 fyi 
 Probably the week of July 4th. 
 Hi Kathly,  Note addition of word "Purchaser".  Guess the haul and install stuff is up in the air.  Kay 
 Gentlemen,  I've made some changes to the assignment language of the ABB contract. The language is not identical to the LM 6000 language, but is substantially the same, and in some respects better.  Please let me know if you have any substantive comments:    I am also attaching the current draft of the contract.  It is being revised to incorporate delivery dates and to clarify the scope to include installation obligations of ABB (haul and install).  Also, in the fourth line of the first paragraph, the word "Purchaser" will be added to the parenthetical, after "WestLB". Any other changes should be very minor or technical.  We are trying to get this finished this week.  Please let me know if you have any questions or comments.  Kay 
 Ben,  This email has the prices in Exhibit N of the current draft agreement.  Are these the correct numbers?  Kathy and I discussed your comments, and she is making changes to the contract consistent with those comments.  She is not available this afternoon, but is free tomorrow am to discuss the contract. Please let me know if tomorrow am works for you.  Kay 
 Sheila,  I believe I can help Lisa with this information, at least confirming some of the stuff for her.  Kay 
 FYI.   Kay 
 Hi Nancy,  It seems we may be scheduling a meeting with VEPCO to discuss the PPA.  July 20th is the current date being discussed.  I don't know how we want to staff the meeting yet, but I do want to check your availability. How does that date look for you?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm not sure I understand it.  I wonder if they mean payment in full has been made as of the time of the assignment.  I'm clearing some other stuff off my desk so I can get to this, hopefully this afternoon.  Kay 
 Did you get this?  The address for you looks odd. 
 I'm waiting to hear from Ben on the buy back, and I need to incorporate some changes which were given to me by others.  I noticed the paragraph headings duplicated themselves on this last draft. Odd.  More to come!  Kay 
 Here's the latest version:    Kay 
 You know I just can't remember that far in advance! 
 Here's the new version with attachment. 
 Ok.  So basically all bets are off if we don't give NTP by September whatever.  Sounds good. 
 Hi Heather,  Here's a form of LOI we can use.    Nancy W. called and is ready to discuss the PPA.  We can call her after our meeting, or before if you have the time.  Kay 
 Stan,  I have one minor question.  Is the Notice to Proceed Effective Date a set date, or is it x days following y event?  I would expect to see language along the lines of "If notice to proceed is not given by the Notice to Proceed Effective Date, then...".  I see the deleted language was something close to that, so maybe in the context of this EPC different terminology is used.  Kay 
 Sounds good to me. 
 Marty,  FYI. Sheila mentioned that Mitch is one of your guys.  Kay 
 Good idea.  I'll let him know. 
 Anybody uncomfortable yet? 
 Hi guys,  I suggest a brief meeting to discuss strategy before anything is sent to SW.  Kay 
 I'm available any time except 300-430 on Monday.  Have a good weekend. 
 Please put it on my calendar so I won't forget.   thanks ckm 
 Nancy,  Please call me about this.  Thank you,  Kay 
 As requested.  Please call if you need anything else.  By the way, I have the original contracts in my office.  Kay 
 Nancy,  Here are some come comments to the draft PPA:  As a general note, we would have these goals:  1.  Keep the PPA has streamlined as possible, putting as much as we can in the interconnection agreement. 2.  Minimize ties to specific unit. 3.  Maximize optionality, especially delivery points. 4.  Keep construction/ownership of the facility off the balance sheet. 5.  Signing the interconnection agreement must be simultaneous, or a CP.  More specifically we would like to:  Move start up/metering terms to interconnection agreement. Megawatts will probably change due to change in equipment.  Bracket 192 for now.  The capacity will change for summer and winter, also, specifics to be determined. Make sure we are protected from any liability caused by their delay.  Comments on specific articles: Definition of emergency start up will belong in interconnection agreement. 2.2  Expiration is Dec. 31, 2004; move  bracketed language into interconnect. 2.3  We need an out in case we don't commence construction/achieve commercial operation as a result of Buyer's action/inaction, and the term "breach" should include failure to timely perform any of buyer's obligations under any of the agreements. Any reason why we shouldn't want an extension if there is a delay due to action/inaction of any governmental authority?  We can add change of law as an event which gives us schedule relief, but we might want to broaden the definition of change of law. Also, we don't have the site acquired yet, so we may need an out in case we encounter a problem, unless we will not sign this agreement before acquiring the site. 3.4  Peak period is July and August. 3.5 (b) Amount left over will depend on the summer and winter capacity. Might just leave blanks as placeholders. 3.5 (c) Let's try for 4 hours notice. 3.5 (d) suggest title "Start-Up Minimum Run Time". 3.5 (e)  add maximum of ___ per year. Need a minimum shut down time between start ups. 4.6 Note:  3.3 refers to alternate sources and market sources; 4.6 refers to the wholesale market.  We should pick a term, define it, and use it throughout. 8.1 (c)  replace "covenant" with "obligation", and follow with "(other than payment)". Default isn't a remedy, so there's a disconnect in that sentence. 8.1 (d) remove "shall" and conform grammar in romanettes. 8.3 refers to LD's, 4.8 but I didn't see any unless 4.8 is meant to encompass the concept. A little unclear to me.  How is this supposed to work with 4.8? Is there any reason the damage waiver can't be absolute?  Does the sole and exclusive language in 4.8 need to be conspicuous, or is it ok? 9.1  Is the demand charge included in the invoice, or is it due without an invoice? 10.1 On the third line, shouldn't the second "Seller" be "Buyer"? 15.  No mediation. 16.1  Delete oral amendment language.  Exhibits: A. Megawatts, heat  rate to be confirmed.  Heat rate believed to be 10,600. Deleted bracketed language about implied cost of fuel from alternate source energy.  Start up costs:  $500.  Emergency start up to be addressed later.  Could we schedule a conference call for Friday or Monday to discuss any questions/issues.  Please let me know your availability.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm glad you found something interesting to do. Let me know if you meet anybody famous!  We now have televisions in the elevators.  At first, CNN ran all the time. This morning we started getting messages from management about the SAP program.  It is kind of odd to get into an empty elevator, but hear voices.  I was discussing Enron with my 20 year old daughter.  I found it difficult to summarize what Enron does, and what kind of opportunities it has for college grads.  Any wisdom you have on the subject would be appreciated.  I know your husband must be overjoyed to have you back.  His gain is our loss, but I understand completely.  Take care and keep in touch,  Kay 
 Stan,  For some odd reason I am having difficulty forwarding this email to Peggy and Sheila.  Please forward it to them for me.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Stan,  Not to rush you, but do you have an estimate of when you will have completed your review/memo?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Thanks.  I'll keep it to myself.  I think having a list is a sign of progress.  830 am is a bit early to work it into a happy hour.  However, there are lunch possibilities...  The other commercial issue I saw was confirming the invoicing procedures, how/who will calculate cumulative net revenue, and flow of money in general. Fits in with the refund stuff.  Kay 
 Hi Kathy,  Please let me know if you get to the point where the exhibits are all that need work.  If you are there now, please send me the current version electronically.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I expect Ben to turn up the heat today.  No pun intended. 
 How about 10:00am on Thursday to discuss GE and how to end world hunger? Please let me know if this works for you, and I'll get us a conference room.  Nominations for other participants would be welcome.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Looks like Friday will work. 
 Hi Nancy,  Lisa Mellencamp's time is being consumed by a special project, so I'm working on this PPA.  Could you give me a call at your convenience?  Thanks,  Kay Mann 713 345 7566 
 David,  For information but no action on your part at this time.  Kay 
 This is very helpful. 
 We are very early in the process on this one, so you haven't missed out on any opportunities!  Kay 
 Brian,  The termination agreement needs to be signed at the same time.  Here is what I have as the latest draft:    I never received a copy of the assignment and assumption agreemen, and the legal assistants have not been able to locate it.  Has anyone found it?  If not, we need to get a copy from GE.  Kay 
 We seem to missing the termination agreement.  I'll check with Brian.  Kay 
 FYI.  When do you think you'll be done?  Thanks,  Kay 
 For your information. Please call me with any comments.  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI. 
 Refresh my recollection.  Did we (Enron and Northwestern) agree to the form of the escrow agreement?  If so, then we will need to see if the escrow agent has any comments.  Chris is on vacation, ciaoing down in Italy (sorry, couldn't resist).  He should be the point man, though.  On the Delta deal we ran into some complications in moving money because Citibank had the money invested in a money market account.  Does the current draft allow for that?  I guess the easiest thing to do is to send it to me and let me see what's up.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Brian,  Could you please email the electronic version of the GE contracts which are ready for execution?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Brian,  I'm not sure I understand their objection to the wording about the guaranty. Do you think that there is going to be a problem with them accepting the Mitsui guaranty? I don't know what the arrangements are with Mitsui, and perhaps there isn't a real issue due to how this is being handled in the EPC contracts.  My understanding is that Peggy will be giving legal sign off on these agreements for ENA.  Kay 
 Hi Rusty,  Just wanted to check to see if  you can get me a copy.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Mike,  Here's a revised version of the option agreement.  I changed the shipping dates, quantity (10), Outside Exercise Date, and the amount of the option payment.  I did not change the prices, since I had not discussed this with Ben, and couldn't get the numbers to work.  Have there been some changes to the data sheets?  It appears to me that there might be a version which reflects the inclusion of the low sound option.  In the last draft we did not include the low sound option because the impact on the load losses had not been agreed, so the prices did not reflect the option.  Please call or email me if you have any questions or comments.  Kay 
 I think you sent me an email which had some information from the gang about the tests, etc.  Do you still have it?  Thanks,  Kay 
 An update... 
 John,  Probably safe to assume it is me.  Kay 
 Hi again,  I accidentally deleted the emails you sent me about Gleason.  Could you resend them?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Sheila,  I'm happy to take care of this, I just want to make sure I'm not stepping on anyone's toes. Is anyone else working on this?  Kay 
 Looks like we should see if Lee is ready to go on this one.  Kay 
 Will do. 
 Any time is good for me. 
 Here's the attachment. 
 This is the most current information I have on specifications.  I sent Ben and Mike an email about the 12th slot, but haven't heard from either one of them.  By the way, I was asking about whether the changes I had suggested for the transformer contract had been included in the Calumet equipment purchase terms, as I was confident the changes are in this agreement.  Kay 
 I haven't opened the attachment yet, but I wanted to get it to you asap. 
 FYI 
 Christi,  I'm so glad you wrote, not just because the information is so important, but also because I've been meaning to return your call.  I look forward to working with you on this and other issues. I'm sure I'll be calling with questions soon.  Kay 
 I thought I recalled you suggesting that changes we used on the LM 6000 deal be incorporated into a "master".  Maybe I misunderstood (not the first time!!!) 
 Ben/Mike,  Did you guys work out anything on the 12th slot?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Gentlemen,  Here's the notice we discussed.  Kay 
 Hi John,  I left you a voice mail, but thought I'd try email as well.  The language that they added to paragraph 6 raises some issues since they want to restrict ENA and its affiliates from future potential transactions. Please call me at your convenience to discuss.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Gentlemen,  I have made changes to the consolidation agreement, which I hope all will find acceptable:    (It does need a date or two.)  As for the termination agreement, here's what I suggest:    Do we want to address the purchaser's parent guaranty in both of the contracts, or just the consolidation agreement?  I would suggest that we make the guaranty a deliverable 30 days after execution of the contracts, which gives us time to get the Mitsui assignment done, as we expect to assign the contracts immediately.  That way, Mitsui can provide the guaranty, if necessary.  If ENA does provide the guaranty, we would want to have the ability to have it replaced with a suitable substitute guaranty from Mitsui.  Sorry I missed your call.  It was a day of meetings.  I will be on the road tomorrow, but will check my voice mail.  Kay 
 Who is authorized to sign on behalf of this company?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Richard,  I'm working on a form EPC contract.  Do you have a favorite arbitration clause you would suggest be included?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Per your request. 
 Fred,  My understanding (which I will verify) is that Enron would still be at risk from an environmental standpoint with a lease.  We could try to lessen our exposure as much as possible with the lease, and get indemnity from PGL.  Kay 
 Hello again,  Makes sense to me.  I would add "on behalf of MEH" after "Transaction" on the first line of the second paragraph of VII.  I don't have the MEH Operating Agreement.  Do you have an electronic copy of it?  Thanks,  Kay 
 As promised... 
 A little light reading.  Another will follow. 
 Hi Gregg,  I'm looking at it.  Kay 
 FYI.  Is there a conference call scheduled for today, and is Boyd available tomorrow?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Isn't it nice to know he is looking out for you?  You can tell how much he cares about you.  Thanks for sharing the stories.  I really enjoy each one of them.  Kay 
 FYI. 
 Hello again,  If these contracts are going to be assigned immediately to Mitsui, isn't the issue of a guaranty a Mitsui issue? Is this addressed in the EPC contracts?  If an Enron entity must give a guaranty, I would think we would want ENA to give it, to be replaced by a Mitsui guaranty unless we have some safeguard against the possibility of paying Mitsui and Mitsui not paying GE, so that we would have to pay twice.  Kay 
 This time I'll include the attachment.  It must be Monday.    Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 Team Vitro:  I wanted to run these changes by you before sending them to Jeff Smith.  Jeff S. has lobbied for deleting the language on assignment, and state that assignment of the consolidation agreement will be subject to the same terms, etc. as the other 2 contracts.  He also provide alternative language which appears to be close to what was in the previous draft. Since I didn't know the genesis of the language in the consolidation agreement, so I thought I would check with you first.  I eliminated 5 (a) because the contracts allow for partial termination. 
 Jeff,  I'll focus on the consolidation agreement today.  It seems to me that the time GE has to remit the payment to ENA should remain  3 days.  I don't see a reason to stretch it to  7 days, since it represents a double payment.  Your thoughts?  Looks like the tax issues are completed.  Kay 
 Gentlemen:  I have been advised by J. Nassos that Peoples (through WestLB) will be exercising the ABB option today. I have asked that they send me a copy of the notice of exercise of option, and I left Mike Sandridge a voice mail telling him to expect it this afternoon.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Kay 
 Jeff:  Here's a draft for your review:    I suggest that the payment terms for the offshore contract require the intial payment to be made within 7 business days of execution.  That way, we can sign this up next week.  Kay 
 Hi Pete,  We will want to get the CofA contract fixed up shortly.  I don't remember if we have addressed these issues.  I do think that GE may resist the combined cycle language, and I don't suggest including it.  Eric, can you still live with that?  Thanks,  Kay 
 John,  The executed signature page has been faxed per your instructions.  Kay 
 John,  The price includes shipment to the site and installation, but not connection. Therefore, there is no additional freight charge.  Kay 
 Jim,  Per Gregg's request, I am forwarding ABB's wiring instructions.  Please let me know if you need anything else.  Kay 
 Please email the signature version of both documents.  Thank you,  Kay 
 Stan,  Could you please me send me the electronic file of the executed EPC contracts, including the consolidation agreement?  Thanks,  Kay 
 For your review. 
 The agreement and notice are fine with Enron.  Kay 
 Here's the latest version.  It looks ok to me.  The most substantive aspect of it is that Calumet Power (or its affiliate) could end up the indemnity obligations under the agreement.  (in other words, an entity without a lot of money to fund indemnity obligations)  In my opinion this isn't important in the context of the option.  Unless someone objects, I'll tell PERC that Enron is ready to go with the assignment.  Kay 
 Just for your info. 
 Eric,  Did you  have any comments on the turbine contract for Austin that I sent you?  Obviously, before we can execute a change order we have to execute a contract.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Matt,  Our preference is to sign this before June 19.  I recall that Herman is out. Do you know when he will be back?  I will make sure that you and Herman get a copy of the next draft.  It won't be this week.  Kay 
 Chris and Mike,  We are trying to do some sales tax planning, and need to know when the first LM 6000's will be ready to ship (or store, as the case may be).  I know there are projected dates in the purchase agreement, but those were more targets than commitment on the first few units.  Can you give the current status?  Thanks,  Kay 
 ABB is struggling with a fundamental assignment issue.  Their concern appears to relate to assignment to a project company or contractor which might not have the financial ability to pay.  I believe they are looking for some type of security (LC, bond, guaranty).  I didn't sense that they have an issue with the identity of the assignee, just the ability to pay.  Comments?  Kay 
 My comments to the Assignment Agreement are as follows:  In paragraph A, "transformors" should be "transformers".  Please note the following comments to 6:  6. Successors and Assigns.  This Assignment shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their successors and assigns.  This Assignment and the rights and obligations herein may not be transferred or assigned by one party without the other party's written consent, except that Assignee shall be entitled to assign this Assignments to Calumet Power, LLC or its affiliates (if permitted by the Option Agreement) and there upon be released from any and all obligations hereunder upon the giving of written notice to Enron.  I do not have any comments to the notice.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Kay Mann 
 John,  Here's ABB's wiring instructions:   The  wire transfer has to be sent to ABB Trafo, S.A.  Our bank  coordenates and account number are:  Bank : Deutsche Bank Address : Calle Concepci?n 4 14008 Cordoba-Spain Swift Code  : DEUTESBB Account no. : 0019 0481 18 4010007594  Notice should be sentto:  ABB Trafo Michael Sandridge P. O. Box 42802 Houston, Tx 77242-2802  facsimile: (713) 821-3527  Comments to the assignment will come separately.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Kay 
 I'll be glad to assist. 
 Hi Bobby,  Ok, here's another detail:  what's your web address?  Maybe Annie and Katie can come for a visit when things settle down.  I know Michael would be delighted. We could take them to the Pink House, if they preferred. Neil and I have talked about wanting them to visit for awhile.  I realize there are lots of detail to attend to in the next several weeks. If there's anything I can do, please let me know.  You and your family stay in our thoughts and prayers. I can't imagine what you, your dad and sister must be going through. I can relate to Katie and Annie, though, as the loss of each of my grandparents caused me a lot of sadness. I know they were close to your mom, and spent a lot of time with her.  What a wonderful gift of memories they must have, and what joy they must have brought to her life.  Love to all,  Kay 
 Gracie,  This is one of the ones I cancelled, since I haven't taken Wellhead to Burner Tip yet.  Thanks,  Kay 
 My only comment is that the word "lease" should be deleted from the heading in paragraph 3 of the assignment agreement.  Kay 
 Looks fine to me.  Will you accept the changes and send out?  I would like to receive a  bcc of whatever goes out, if possible.  Thanks,  Kay 
 This gives you the gist of it.  Since it was a GE generated letter I will need to check for the final hard copy. 
 I've made a couple of changes, including changes suggested by Jeff Blumenthal.  Main difference is title/risk of loss language and definition of "the Agreement" since we don't have an MOU.   Kay 
 FYI.  Talking tomorrow am is fine.  I have a 900 conference call on another matter; otherwise, I'm open. 
 I've made some changes, which I thought I would circulate internally for comment before sending to GE.  I left Jeff Smith a voice mail asking how the initial payment is supposed to be split between the on and offshore contracts since this document references payments to both.  Comments?  Kay 
 Accomplishments: I haven't jumped out the window yet, or slapped/cursed anyone from any other Enron entity.  This is significant in a way that not all would understand.  Vision & Values.  My other significant accomplishment was the LM 6000 deal: revising the structure, figuring out how to sell the WestLB stuff to GE/S & S,  and closing it in a relatively short period of time.  More to come!  As for vacation, I'll scatter some days off here and there, but I don't have any plans for consecutive days off.  Kay 
 I hope that spelling your name correctly will help this get through to you.  Kay 
 FYI.  Congrats on your new baby!  Kay 
 Here's the latest from GE.  When I spoke to Rob Stevens, he had a question about whether Mitsui needed to review the final drafts of the GE agreements. I don't know the resolution of that issue.  As you know, the current arrangement with GE requires payment within 3 days of signing of the contracts, which means we have to be prepared to assign the contract, then wire the money from EEIM to Mitsui immediately so that Mitsui can pay GE, and GE can refund ENA.  Has EEIM been funded yet and has Mitsui bought in on the payment plan?  I do not know the status of the tax issues raised by Jeff. I would also like to make sure that Jeff agrees with the mechanism of superseding the prior agreement with GE.   Kay 
 Thank you.  That would be helpful.  Kay 
 They came by and gave me the data dump.  It filled in the picture very well. 
 The collective memory at ENA is that there wasn't an MOU per se, just the assignment and assumption agreement.  Kay 
 No, I believe it is one of TECO's subs, but I'm not sure.  ckm 
 If someone can tell me which ENA lawyer worked on it, I'll track it down. 
 Hi Brian,  Could you email me the MOU we are terminating?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Kathy,  I neglected to keep a hard copy.  Please send hard copies of the change order to:  Brian Hulse, Carl Tricoli, and me.  If you prefer, you can just fax it back, and I will send it to the ENA folks.  Thanks,  Kay 
 fyi 
 Hi Charlotte,  We are going to the Astro's game tonight, so it would be very easy for one of us (probably Neil) to pick Michael up at your place, probably after 630.  Is that ok with you?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Evidently GE feels that we already have an agreement based on something Brian signed before the agreement was reviewed/approved by Tax and Legal.  The internal process is not working.  Kay 
 FYI.  I'll send a copy of the executed original change order once I get it.  Kay 
 I did not authorize anyone to initial any version of the document. 
 Wilson Montjoy will be in our offices, probably starting around 830 or 900.  Any progress?  Kay 
 Hi Jeff,  I'm preparing the letter agreement regarding payment.  Can you help me with the name and address to use?  Thanks,  Kay 
 fyi.  I faxed it to David, originals being sent to you. 
 Some thoughts, observations, suggestions:  1. Advantages to the single contract:  Don't need a consolidation agreement, so we don't have to negotiate one. Better from a liability standpoint. Easier to administer.  Is there any reason we can't go with a single contract?  2. Repayment/prepayment  I'm working with Steve on the letter agreement.  3.  Assignment to Mitsui  Steve is confirming payment issues, and ability to comply with GE's requested payment within 3 days of executing the contract.  This means that the assignment and assumption needs to be executed contemporaneously with the GE contract.  I have a call in to Rob Stevens to verify, in Stan's absence. Peggy is checking on this, also.  4. Parent guaranty.  GE is requesting an Enron parent guaranty.  From a quick review of the draft contract, it appears that a change in language will be necessary, since the current version only requires a parent guaranty in the case of an assignment to a certain class of assignees.  If I am correct, then I suggest consider inserting new language that the parent guaranty will be due 30 days after execution of the contract, so that Mitsui can provide the guaranty, if necessary.  Kay 
 What issues were invented? 
 Rey,  This email explains why Jeff and I tried calling you this am. Any comments?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Looks good to me.  Is it ready for me to print and give to Ben?  Kathy, how many originals do you think we should have signed? 4 or 5? Or some other number?  Kay 
 Here's the current version.  I'm going to give it another look, then I suspect we will be ready to go.  Please let me know if you have any questions or comments.  Kay 
 No problem. 
 Steve/Christian,  The attached file is a draft of an asset management agreement prepared by Stu Zisman.  The later version obviously contained more negotiated points, so I think this one is more helpful.  I'm working on a transaction now which involves serving load as well as selling power. I found this one helpful for issue identification and exculpatory language, however.   Kay 
 Peter,  Thanks for the update.  By the way, is the new version in Word?  Kay 
 When do you leave next week?  Kay 
 Damn.  How do I find out what it is if I deleted the STUPID email? 
 Allyson,  Will the certification of necessity be specific to ENA?  I ask this because I suspect that at some point we will want a special purpose company to be involved.  This provides us with the option of selling the equity of the entity developing the project.  Your advise is appreciated.  Kay 
 Hi Mike,  Sorry I missed you when you returned by call this am.  I have some concerns about the voice mail you left re: assignment language. Enron can't stay on the hook for payment if the agreement is assigned, as this would bust the financing/accounting arrangement.  What we have tried to do to meet your concerns is to see that ABB has a contract with a party which is as financially sound as Enron by adding the guaranty language.  This addresses ABB's request that the party with the payment obligation have the "financial wherewithall" to make the payments. This is a big change from where we were in the last contract.  I've had a request to get an approximate storage cost (monthly) for budgetary purposes.  This is in connection with the buy back arrangement.  Can you give me a guesstimate?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'd still like to sit in when my commercial team hears it, if possible. Plus, I suspect we run the risk this week of getting very bogged down.  ckm 
 Team,  I think we should make a list of issues today (Pete will be a big help).  If we are to the point of deciding critical issues, I believe Sheila's input is essential, and worth waiting for.  ckm 
  I can give up my seat and sit in with  the commercial team, if that helps.  ckm 
 FYI. Certain aspects of this presentation will relate to PPA's/tolling agreements/interconnection studies and agreements  relating to Enron developed generation assets from which we intend to purchase power, etc.  The cost/benefit would probably be marginal for you, but I will be there, and will get you any interesting handouts.  Kay 
 How about commercial folks? 
 Count me in. 
 Life being what it is, I've received a mark up of the tolling term sheet, which crossed in the mail with the mark up you sent.  Kay 
 I accused Carlos of being a deal killer.  ckm 
 Business casual is the order of the day here.  Ties are definitely not necessary.  Are you spending the night downtown?  If so, you may want to just park at the hotel.  Lots of the streets downtown are under construction, so I'm a little hesitant to give directions.  Enron is located fairly close to the Hyatt, and their garage is easy to find.  Enron just opened a new parking garage, but I'm not sure if it is open for visitors yet.  Alternatively,  the Allen Center Garage is connected to the Enron building via an above-street walkway.  If it was me and I was working and staying downtown, I would take a taxi. This is partly because I have an under-developed sense of direction, and partly because of the construction downtown.  Hope this helps.  Kay 
 1400 Smith.  Morning would probably be better for me.  Kay 
 Great.  I'll come around in a bit and fill you in.  Kay 
 I'd really appreciate it.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Sounds like gas to me.  Kay 
 Well, here's the nearly final draft of what was submitted.  Evidently, we decided to submit a bid on the original transaction structure, as well as two alternatives. (not what I was lead to believe before.)  I spoke with John about adding more disclaimer language to the letter to say that by submitting the bid we aren't agreeing to enter into a transaction or even negotiate for a transaction.  Also, I advised him that the confidentiality statements in the letter were not great protection.  Kay 
 Perhaps it is operator error on this end, but I couldn't get this going.  Kay 
 Sounds fine.  Kay 
 deal killer 
 How polite. 
 Hi Steve,  Good to hear from you.  Your right, my job is completely different.  Funny how things evolve like that.  I love it, though.  Very few hurt/sick/deceased folks.  Paige is finishing her junior year at Southwestern, and Michael is in kindergarten at St Francis.  We are very blessed.  Hope all is well with your family.  Kay 
 John,  I suggest eliminating the statement in III that we are proposing to perform the the market price servises in accordance with the terms of the market price service agreement.  I realized that we have a disclaimer at the end of the letter, but the statement in III seems to directly contradict the disclaimer.  I am not confident that the statement that the Enron structure is proprietary is sufficient to protect the information.  I will need to check the confidentiality agreement when I get to the office if this is a real concern.  I thought we weren't submitting a conforming bid.  Is there anything in the RFP which indicates that any proposal will be considered a firm offer, or anything to that effect?  Talk to you soon,  Kay 
 The  memo was very helpful.  It would be great to meet in person and discuss issues. I'm out of town now, but I believe either the 8th or 9th would be great.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I would like to move to the new garage.  Thanks,  Kay Mann 
 call me on my cell 713 304 8716 
 Herman, this is the document I called you about.  AE is out-of-pocket, and has some questions about this agreement, so she asked me to forward the doc. This is a doc for a 40 yr ground lease for a power plant.  It is my understanding that the counterparty is not interested in an option arrangement.  Kay 
 Thank you so much.  We promise to be good ambassadors for LAS.  Kay 
 Lee/Kent,  Please confirm that GE's originals of the documents they signed should be sent to:  Lee Johnson GE Packaged Power, Inc. P. O. Box 4414 Houston Tx  77210-4414  Thanks,  Kay 
 6 months goes by quickly. 
 Looks good.  Jake Thomas signed for us, so signature block on our executed version has him instead. 
 Lee,  I'll rev up the Austin facility agreement again.  Eric tells me that we are= =20 fine with adding the additional TD of I to the facility agreement with a=20 scope/price change.  Ignore the insurance certificate question.  My bad.  I've heard that the LOC made it, so GE should be receiving payment in full= =20 today. =20  LV Co Gen is still moving.  There are some of the TurboPark stuff which was= =20 in the agreed form of override letter.  It is being actively worked right n= ow.  Sorry about your trip.  Kay 
 Ignore my last email.  ckm 
 Good morning.  I haven't seen the insurance certificate she references.  Anyone know where it is?  Is the retention letter of credit available yet? I know it has been requested, but I don't recall seeing that it has been delivered.  Thanks for everything,  Kay 
 John,  I humbly beg your forgiveness for not calling you.  Now I owe you.  I will check my directory to see what I have.  As I recall it was part of some special scratch my back I'll scratch yours deal, although the details now escape me.  Seems like there were some minor defects which could be repaired while GE stored the stuff, so we let them put the stuff in storage based on their rep things would get fixed.  Kay 
 You are my hero.  Kay 
 GE wants a letter outlining the structure of the deal (at the 10000 ft level), who owns which companies, and who has payment obligations to them. Could you draft a letter to that effect for my review?  Thanks,  Kay 
 1400 Smith, Room 3882A Houston, Tx  77002 
 general counsel 
 what do you think? 
 I know Michael wants to go to your apt this afternoon.  If you do go there, just give me a call to let me know you're there so we can coordinate pickup.  See you soon,  Kay 
 Could you get me that cert of sec ASAP?  I need to get this stuff to Carolyn soon.  Kay 
 Kent,  Are you sending this (and the opinion and LOC) to me today? I wasn't sure where this landed.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I think now we should all just log off email and turn off our phones, and let Fed Ex, the fax machine and Citibank do the rest.  ckm 
 I may be wrong, but I believe the version sent to day is the same one I sent to Rose, Lisa et al on April 24.  Kay 
 Done. 
 fyi.  One of AE's. 
 This is the same version you sent today, right? 
 I sent this email from GE to Dale/Bill after I received it.  Since Peter's last draft was April 24, I'm I assume this wasn't included:      Kay/Bill,  Bill says he agrees and accepts our comments to the A&A.  One change required to the Rev 5 document.  In Exhibit B, Add item "27)One additional Human Machine Interface (HMI) per Unit (desktop PC type)"  Include these changes and we can get this done tomorrow.  Thanks,  Lee 
 One comment which was taken related to the applicable change in law date. 
 If it will help, I will see if I can find the last version transmitted to Lisa et al,  so they don't have to start from scratch.  Kay 
 I know that GE recently had a small comment, technical or scope related,  but I don't recall if it was before or after the 24th. I was unaware of Tom's involvement, so I want to make sure the comment was addressed.  I'm happy to hand the reins over to someone else to handle signature.  I suspect I'm creating confusion as well.  Kay 
 fyi 
 Could you email me the last version of the turbine contract?  thanks,  Kay 
 Isabel and Greg,  I'm having a logistical problem.  The only managing director of Salmon is not in the office today.  I can have the membership certificates signed by (1) a vice president or (1)  the managing member or (3) elect a new managing director.  What's your preference?   Kay 
 Please review numbers.  Any chance D. Duran can come with you guys?  We should be ready in about 15 minutes.  Thanks,  Kay 
 go go go, as we say at Enron 
 I didn't think you were being difficult. 
 May 2 it is. 
 I'm supposed to go to the law conference tomorrow evening. 
 Here's the long awaited form of option for your review and comment.    I'm sending it to Rose, Lisa and Catherine for their review also.   Thanks,  Kay 
 Kathleen is coming up to help me set up.  How about 11?  If you see Kathleen, can you give her the membership certificates?  I'll have a stack for Duran later.  Kay 
 I've asked for it separately (second item below).  Did I misunderstand your question?  I'm setting up a table with all the stuff for signature now.  Kay 
 That would be better, although I will tell them that they don't get it until closing.  Kay 
 Don't have it, but we can ask local counsel.  If you can email me the question you would like asked, I will pass it along to our Miss lawyer.  Kay 
 Duran is fine. I had it in my mind that Calger had signed the incumbancy=20 cert.  My mistake.  I'm trying to set up a closing table and have these guys sign this am befor= e=20 I lose them.  Kay 
 It depends on what time I get the signatures.  If I can get things signed u= p=20 quickly, I'll have them delivered to you in plenty of time for you to send= =20 the docs.  I would prefer that it work that way. =20  Chris Calger is in our offices today  - a terrific break.  Now if I can jus= t=20 find him.  Plus, I thought I would have him sign the escrow disbursement=20 letter instead of Jake, since he's here.  Kay 
 Sounds like it, but it is in southern Florida. 
 Good morning.  In order to finish up Delta/Salmon tomorrow, please note we need the following today:  GE parent guaranty LOC (so that full payment can be made to GE tomorrow) Opinion of counsel  And once funds are received by GE, we need the receipt of funds letter.  Lee, I haven't heard back from the Portland gang to find out if the LV Co Gen contract is ready.  Maybe Jake can help shake that loose.  Thanks,  Kay 
 You sound like Carlos. 
 Carolyn,  Please revised the signature page for escrow instruction to reflect Chris Calger as a signatory.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's what I have on my list as original deliverables  GE turbine contract - any officer of LLC Amended LLC- any officer of ENA Membership certificates - signed by MD of LLC, which isn't Jake=20  The only things I have which MUST be signed by Jake are the written consent= s=20 of the LLC, which aren't on the original deliverable list.  These will be= =20 ready first thing Wednesday a