  Yes, this deal should go to AEP with the HPL transaction.  The reason there are no forward volumes booked is because they have a monthly election to nominate baseload gas daily priced gas or wait and nominate daily volumes priced at gas daily.  At any rate there is no way to know in forward months what they are going to take subject to contractual maximums.  If you have any further questions let me know.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Attached are the rates for April.  I know the King Ranch and Agua Dulce rates to HSC are a mute point with the work on the A/S Line.  Needless to say we will be a seller either during Bidweek and/or on a daily basis on A/S South.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Fine.  Tom 
 If you recall there was a physical term supply transaction done at Thompsonville with EEX during the time you were trying to get the letter of intent with AEP done.  I thought that there were some unique financing issues that required Enron to retain the transaction.  It appears that is not the case and since this supply is at a split connect location with HPL it should probably go with the sale.  I just want to make sure that the swap is done correctly to keep Enron whole.  Any thoughts?  Tom 
 Thanks for the info.  I wanted to pick your brain about cars for Mom and Dad.  My initial research of Large Cars and Luxury Cars in Consumer Report did not yield a lot of obvious choices to me.  I only considered CR "Recomended " cars.  There are a few options in the $20,000 to $25,000 range for example the Ford Crown Victoria/Mecury Grand Marquis; but I do not believe the cars in this price range will give them the same luxury and comfort that they are used to.  The only car in the $30,000 to $35,000 range is the Buick Park Avenue which I think will be a pretty close fit to what they are driving now but I'm not sure they want to spend this kind of money.  Of course the really nice luxury cars that will sure to satisfy them for example, the Lincoln Town Car and Cadillac Deville are in the $40,000 to $45,000 range.  Dad said he spent $23,000 for his Olds 98 in 1991 and would like to have something that rides as quite and comfortable as it but not spend big bucks.  My plan at this time is to focus on the Crown Victoria/Grand Marquis and the Park Avenue first and see if they come close to meeting Mom and Dad's needs.  Any Thoughts?  Love,  Tom 
 I am generally available in the afternoons after 3:00.  Have your assistant schedule some time either this week or next so we can talk about the Wellhead Book.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Yes if they are for Las Vegas.  There was a team building trip approved by John at the beginning of the year.  Are you planning to put together the monthly EOL volume actuals versus performance targets as described in the 2001 Plan?  Thanks,  Tom 
 I received notice today that Elsa Villareal , Gary Lamphier and Ed Gottlob have accepted jobs with AEP as part of the sale of HPL (not to leave until closing).    This means that my staffing needs after closing are as follows:  1 Lead Physical Trader 1 Physical Trader 1 Basis Trader (or at least an asst. trader)  1 Industrial/Utility Middle Marketer/Originator 1 Supply Middle Marketer/Originator  I met with Jeanie Slone and the internal recruiters today to start the external search process for an experienced physical trader and industrial marketer. I am hoping the other positions can be filled internally with associates and/or internal commercial personnel.  I delivered employment contracts to Janet Wallis, Jim Schwieger, Stacy Neuweiller, Eric Bass and Daren Farmer.  They all wanted to review the documents and talk to me next week about it.  Janet did not give a good feeling that she would be willing to sign it.  I know that she has been contacted by companies other  than AEP about job opportunities and I know other Enron Units have talked to her as well.  Although we met Jim's numbers he is still hung up on the super vesting language for options; I'll keep working on him.  The others I did not get any read on, but I will talk to them next week.  Given the severe shortage of talent that my desk is going to experience from the HPL transaction I want you to consider realocating experienced talent from other trading and middle marketing desks to the Texas desk.  I will follow up with you when I return from vacation on Monday, March 19th.  Thanks,  Tom 
 I have asked Dave to set up a meeting with you and Barbara on this subject.  I thought there were exclusions relative to EOL transactions and points that do not directly impact HPL.  The problem for me is that if I want to do terms deals in these locations now I want to be able to keep them as ENA and not transfer them with the HPL sale.  Let's talk as soon as possible so I can have clear understanding of the rules of engagement for ENA now and after the close.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Everything other than the LDC business has been done in the name of HPL even if not physically located on HPL.  I want to start intiating transactions that are not physically on HPL in the name of ENA so they would not have to transfer as part of the sale (ie. Waha, Katy Tailgate and Carthaqe Hub).  I understand Dave Baumbach has arranged a meeting with you and Jeff Hodge to discuss.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Pagers, Cell Phones, etc should be cancelled as of closing which I believe to be June 1st, I will let you know if there are any changes.  When I arrange for new traders I will need computers for them.  I have talked to Ed and Brian and they have agreed to give me 4 computers back prior to closing.  I anticipate needing 2 of them prior to the end of the month.  How much lead time do you need to have them brought down here?  Did you get the message out about customer entertainment?  Thanks,  Tom 
 I am in ENA Gas Trading.  I believe I am getting e-mails for Martin Thomas.  If that is who you are trying to communicate with please check your name selection.  This is happening a lot.  If know others that may be trying to communicate with Martin Thomas please pass the word.  thanks,  Tom 
 Jim and I will be on vacation from March 12th thru March 16th.  Jim took a lap top computer with him and is reachable by cell phone.  Kim has our pager and cell phone numbers.  I will be calling in to see how Eric is doing and to see if any of my folks have any questions about their employment contracts.  I asked Philip to keep an eye on Eric as well.  Eric sat in the morning meeting today and will fill for me next week.  Thanks,  Tom 
   http://biz.yahoo.com/bizwk/020206/wrc0_mh1gmx_k3odbvzeog_1.html 
 We can try.  The guy who managed this deal for the desk left the Company but I thought he handed it off to Rick Hill in the estate.  I will talk to the rest of the guys on the desk and find out what we have on it and call you.  My basic understanding of this deal is that we provided services only and are agent for the plant.  I believe Rick Hill is the commercial contact on the deal so he should be able to provide more insight to the whole deal.  I will get back to you.  Tom 
 Bryan,  Yes, I would like to talk to you.  I think it will make sense to have an analyst in some capacity.  I didn't realize that you would making this decision so soon.  Maybe we can talk after bidweek (early next week).  If that timing does not work let me know.  I am still not sure if or when Lavorato is going to give me a Trading Track analyst/associate.  But I still would like to talk to you before you make a decision.  Tom 
 Jeanie,  I have enclosed Sherrie Trigg's resume.  She is interested in a Recruiter position, job # 00001088305, Traci Warner supervisor.  She is also interested in a Specialist/Sr. Specialist position in HR, job #0000108135, Laurie Miller supervisor.  Her experience has been in marketing, human resources and recruiting.  If you can do anything to help I sure would appreciate it.  Thanks,  Tom 
 I received a call back on the HPL on EOL subject from Ed and it appears that AEP intends to replicate what we have done on EOL via ICE.  Tom 
 Tommy,  I agree.  The traders need access only to the physcal trading systems.  They are only trading next day physical gas for the remainder of May, so they do not need access to any other systems.  Thanks,  Tom 
 John,  I will need 1 senior analyst and possibly could fill some of my cash trading needs with an additional associate.  I have talked to Bryan Hull (third year analyst) about a one year rotation at our desk.  He spent his first rotation in the Texas Risk Group and did a great job.  His second rotation has been in the EOL Marketing Group.  He is interested in trading and is a sharp guy.  I would like to see some of the other folks coming in just to compare against him and to see if using an associate is a viable option for my cash trading needs.  Tom 
 Yes, Dave's reporting relationship and cost center has not changed; his is just physically moving down here since we have the space.  Tom 
 John,  My suggestion is to have the offsite to be social in nature.  I am sure that many of these people do not know each other and an environment where the group can mingle and enjoy some fun activities would be a great way to become more familiar with each other.  If we must have meetings/presentations, have them done by outside speakers so the group does not have to prepare presentations.  As far as where to go: Austin, San Antonio or Galveston are nice and will be reasonable for a group this size.  If you are ok with spending more the golfing, fishing and Spa activities in Florida (Miami, Key West, Tampa/St. Pete) are great.  Also golfing, rafting and Spa's in Colorado would be good too.  I don't have a strong preference for where we go but I do believe that people would appreciate a focus on fun and getting to know each other.  Tom 
 Jim,  Noon brunch would probably work better for me considering Matthew's nap time and that Monday is a school day.  I will handling the kids solo since Lyne will be at MD Anderson with Elaine that day, so I hope everyone is patient with Matthew as sometimes he can be a little rowdy at restaurants (he has been known to inflict fear in waiters, waitresses and owners alike).  Remeber those days........  Tom 
 Works for me.  Tom 
 No she has not called.  Thanks, you always seem to know the right thing to do.  Thanks for covering for me.  Tom 
 How did Daren leave this with you guys?  Let's talk.  Tom 
 Please forward the information to Eddie Leschber and Laynie East.  I know the origination was classified as Gas Assets but their transaction count was included in our budget since all of their pricing is structured in our group.  If those transactions are not included in our count then our middle marketing transaction targets for the 1st and 2nd quarters need to move to Gas Assets.  Ask Eddie and Laynie how they want to handle it.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Sorry for the delay.  There will will be four from my family (including matthew).  We will be there.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Maybe we should meet.  I am not sure what Dave has told you but my intent i= s for at least the near term that his responsiblities not change.  My objec= tive in moving him on the desk is to provide an opportunity for him to have= a better perspective in what we do.  I told him that as he has time I coul= d utilize him for analysis or other projects but not at the expense of his = current job.  The bottom line is that Dave is very good at his current role= and he has expressed interest in trading.  I viewed this move as an opport= unity to evaluate his trading potential while he is given the opportunity t= o see what trading is really like;  but I have no immediate plans to move D= ave into trading.  If the time ever comes that I would like bring him into = trading I will certainly coordinate the transition with you.  I was under t= he impression that Dave cleared all this with you before he moved.  It appe= ars that he may have made this physical move more meaningful than it is and= certainly more than I intend at this time.  How do you want to handle this= ?  Tom 
 Brian,  Don't worry about comprimising our trading position because I think AEP via the HPL employees already have a general idea of what we have been doing with storage; plus they will need to know as of close anyway.  Tom 
 Barbara Gray has informed me that you have been inquiring about modifying the Texas EOL physical products to ENA as the counterparty for June.  The products you have to be concerned about are Waha and Exxon Katy Tailgate.  The other physical products are HPL related and will no longer be used.  There is a slight possibility that the Agua Dulce product may continue but I will contact you if it needs to be changed to ENA.  Our need for these ENA products will be approximately May 16th, when we want to roll out our June products.  Please call me if you have any questions.  Tom  x 33079 
  It is my understanding that five AEP employees will in Enron's offices starting May 15th or 16th to get a better understanding of how to do the HPL trading and to direct the HPL bidweek activities for June (assuming close occurs for June).  To protect Enron's proprietary trading information for May and June I would like the AEP employees not to be allowed in the offices until after 10:30 AM for the duration of their stay.  From 7:30 - 10:30 AM is when the May business occurs and it is also when the communication occurs with HPL employees.  Another issue is what happens if we believe that close is going to occur June 1 and then late in bidweek it gets delayed until July;  who wears the risk positions?  My suggestion is that if AEP is going to set up HPL activities for June then they should wear the risk positions.  The way to accomplish this is to do the following:  1.  The initial core term index physical position plus all thirty day index deals will be swapped out at gas daily index at the nearest relevant gas daily index 	     point (ie. HSC or Waha) after considering any volumes to be targeted for storage injections.  2.  Volumes targeted for storage injections up to 400,000/d purchased on IFGMR HSC index related pricing will be sold to AEP in the ground at June index 	     + actual storage costs.  Volumes targeted for storage are those volumes that can phyically get to Bammel storage.  Examples  Case 1 Core term index position    100,000/d long  (50,000/d Waha, 50,000/d Texoma) Thirty day index position    200,000/d long  (volumes at Thompsonville and Katy) Total Index Position           300,000/d long  Vols. targeted for storage   200,000/d  Enron sells AEP 200,000/d in storage at June IFGMR HSC index plus storage costs.  Any additional volumes would be sold to AEP at July index.  Enron sells 50,000/d gas daily swap at IFGMR Waha and 50,000/d gas daily swap at IFGMR HSC.  Case 2 Core term index position     200,000 short (50,000/d Waha, 150,000/d HSC) Thirty day index position     400,000 long   (50,000/d Waha, 100,000/d Agua Dulce, 100,000/d Thompsonville, 150,000/d Katy) Total Index Position            200,000 long  Vols. targeted for storage    200,000/d  Enron sells AEP 200,000/d in storage at June IFGMR HSC index plus storage costs. 
 I reviewed Article 4 and the disclosure schedules to the Purchase and Sale Agreement and see no changes necessary related to the areas of my responsibility.  Tom 
 Fine with me. 
 Ok.  Tom 
 I will probably have my needs met by August.  My interest has been in Analyst/Associates coming off rotations that are available in June.  I have been working with Neil Davies to get this done.  I will let you know if I have further needs.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Karen,  Any chance she can start sooner?  Can we leave her assigned to me until the end of June?  I am not trying to turn away help because I definitely need it;  I am struggling with her starting in August.  Tom 
 Sorry, I don't think I said her name;  it is Mary Martin.  I left a message for her so I bet you will be getting her resume in a day or so.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Thank you.  I will tell her.  Tom 
 From my perspective the Waha, Exxon Katy Tailgate and the new Carthage Tailgate product should be converted to ENA on the 18th if we find out that the close will occur June 1st.  Since the bidweek procedures we are proposing include AEP directing HPL activities for June during bidweek if we determine that close will occur June 1st, then it seems only logical that we should start operating as ENA at the same time.  Thanks,  Tom 
 An issue has come up that I did not consider in my prior discussions of how bidweek for June should be managed prior to knowing if we close or not.  Physical deals for June have started to happen already.  If close does occur and all the deals prior to May 18th are done as HPL then ENA will miss out on a lot of potential business for June.  So I believe a fair solution is to have all deals in locations that are most relevant to HPL (ie. Agua Dulce, Thompsonville, Oasis Katy, Lonestar Katy, Texoma) be done as HPL; deals in a location such as Katy Tailgate that is relevant to HPL and ENA will be split evenly HPL and ENA and written up as two separate purchases.  Waha is not considered here since AEP already has a Waha trader who is active in the market.  Thanks,  Tom 
 You have sent an E-mail to Thomas Martin not Martin Thomas. 
 Fantastic!  I am happy that it ultimately worked out.  Welcome aboard.  Tom 
 Should Jim Schwieger be included as he has been in prior PRC meetings.  He knows all the gas traders and middle marketers and has been valuable to this process in the past.  Tom 
 Seems like HPL/AEP needs to get a transportation agreement on Oasis.  As part of the June transition ENA will not be doing any bidweek business at points other than Waha, Katy Tailgate and Carthage.  Therefore even if we wanted to cover this deal (which we don't), we can't.  Let me know if there is a problem with them getting there own transportation agreement.  Tom 
 Any thoughts?  Tom 
 This is very hard to read with all of the cutting and pasting.  I made one change to the definition of the 400,000/d of injection capacitiy.  Also I do not see anything that addresses how AEP deals with their June volumes in Bammel (assuming we never close).  We talked about them having to withdraw their volumes rateably starting on September 1 and concluding October 31.  Transportation rates would need to negotiated.  Tom 
 Has there been a date set for the next Trading Track interviews?  Tom 
 Karen,  Chance Rabon is an Analyst in the Texas Risk Group who is interested in interviewing for the Trading Track Program.  He joined the company in February 2001 from Coastal where he worked in their natural gas risk group.  He seems to be sharp, aggressive and willing to work hard.  Can he still be considered or will he need to wait for the next round?  Tom 
 That should be fine.  Tom 
 If this truly cleans out the closet then it is worth it.  The potential upside of the Entex Audit is more like $2 - $3 million but our ability to recover that much is questionable given the weak contract language for resolving non-performance.  In the past ENA and Entex resolved volume shortfalls under the term contract by extending the term.  Obviously we will not have that remedy.  Do not let AEP separate other issues away from this and try to pick us to death.  Tom 
 Todd,  This a resume that I received directly.  Tom 
 What ages? Are there organized activities for them as well?  If not I think they will get bored after an hour or two.  I have not generally done it because I did not have time to keep up with them for such a long period of time.  Maybe someone can bring them up before lunch for a while.  Tom 
 No thanks.  Tom 
 I know you are very busy with UBS stuff, so I e-mailed him just to see if there is anything I can do to help.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Thanks for the invite, but I can't come during trading hours.  This was a h= uge accomplishment and all those involved in getting this done should be co= mplimented.  Tom 
 Elsa,  I was just made aware yesterday that I am to provide my direct reports the following material.  Please make a cursory review and tell Anne Koehler by noon today if you have any matters that should be added to the schedule or corrections that should be made.  I don't anticipate that you will have any issues but I am required to provide this to you.  Thanks,  Tom 
 I will not be able to attend.  Tom 
 I have executed this and returned to Anne.  Tom 
 Mike,  Please include my home E-Mail address in your weekend weather updates.  It is tmartin3079@msn.com 
 Any response yet from John regarding Jim Schwieger being part of the PRC process.  I think he should be included.  Please advise.  Tom 
  You got the wrong guy.  Thomas Martin 
 You got the wrong guy.  Thomas Martin 
 If Ina says she has coverage then fine by me.  You also may want to get in the habit of checking with Brian as a courtesy.  Have fun.  Tom 
  Robert,  Jeanie Slone has been in contact with you on my behalf about a clerical error that occurred when I tried to roll my remaining ESOP shares into the 401 K plan back in the August to September time frame.  She indicated that there may be reason to believe that I will be reimbursed for this error but you were waiting for further information on the matter.  Given that I will be going with the sale of the trading business to UBS in early to mid February, I wanted to get this situation cleaned up by then if at all possible.  What steps do we need to go through to get closure on this matter?  Is there anything I can do to help (ie. explain in person what happened)?  Any explanation that you can give as to how and when this error gets fixed will be greatly appreciated.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Irma,  I respect the fact that a mistake was made, my problem is that the mistake causes me to have to wait until November 20th to get it fixed.  It seems that you could have called me if you had a question about the form since it was turned in at least six weeks ago.  So what are my options other than waiting until November 20th?  Tom 
 Thanks  Tom 
 Sorry, the last two trades were Cal 02; I don't think I said what term they were in the last E-Mail.  Tom 
 We did the following trades this morning:  You Buy  At 8:45         100 Jan NYMEX @ $3.395  At 8:50          50 Nov NYMEX @ $3.075  At 9:11          5,000/d NYMEX @ $3.335  At 9:17          5,000/d NYMEX @ $3.355   MY backoffice will put them in.  Tom 
 If you don't know, you should know by now that you never have to apologize to me.  Tom 
 Thanks for the update.  Allison, I hope you start feeling better soon.  Matthew, thank you for looking after your sister.  Daddy 
 Whatever you think, maybe eat at 5:30 to 6:00.  I will grill if you want me to.  Tom 
 Any questions or further thoughts on what we talked about last week.  Tom 
 It looks like Joe has an expense report I need to review.  Let's discuss tomorrow.  Also Louise mentioned in the staff meeting that we are going to be more directly accountable and able to control our allocated costs such as IT and logistics costs next year.  Please ask Laynie to give a detail of our budgeted allocated costs such as IT, logistics, etc for next so that we can review it.  Tom 
 Fine with me.  As I told you last night I am having dinner with our future Enron gas and power traders in the "Trading Track" program at Nino's at 6:00 PM.  Just to be safe, I probably won't be home until after the kids bedtime.  Tom 
 Thank you I will call her.  Tom 
 Thank you.  Tom 
 Laura,  Can you put me down for vacation November 5th.  If schedules conflict with others on the desk I need to be out the afternoon for sure (Allison's school function).  Tom 
 Don,  We have not heard of this guy.  It looks like his most recent experience has been managing Coastal's refinery gas supply activities.  Unfortunately the people who have the most history with industrial and refinery gas buyers went with the HPL sale.  Tom 
 The 29th is OK for me other than it is NX1 for Natural Gas.  Starting at 3:00 makes it possible but 4:00 would be better or even the 30th at 3:00 would be better.  I am assuming that a lot of thought has gone in to picking this day and other conflicts exist.  The other gas traders are going to have the same issue with this time so if it is the only time that works for everybody then I'll be there at 3:00.  Tom 
 Maybe the next step is to dig into the allocation methodology that Daniel uses to see if it assumes the correct number of people.  Then convert the monthly allocation amount to a cost per person and do the same for your other analysis so we can compare apples to apples.  When you combine origination and trading we are likely to exceed 15 people.  My guess is that we are being allocated costs based on too many people (Pre HPL Sale).  Tom 
 At this point I do not plan to attend.  I have not had an opportunity to take Lavo's pulse to see if this is a must attend.   Tom 
  Yes I will attend.  Tom 
 If he is coming into the office why don't you set up a schedule like you did for Morris including myself and Jim.  Tom 
 I know nothing. 
 This is your internal competition.  If you have any dirt on any of these people please let Karen know.  Just kidding.  Tom 
 Jeanie,  I know I am probably becoming a pain in the butt about this ESOP clerical error issue but I would like to get this wrapped up before we go to UBS.  I do not believe that I will get any attention after I am no longer an Enron employee.  Should I contact Robert Jones directly?  Tom 
 Lucky you.  Tom 
 Fine with me as long as you have someone to cover.  How is your lunch analysis going?  Tom 
 The only change I see needing to be made is you said letter "dated August 27, 2002" instead of "August 27, 2001" , but we knew what you meant.  Everything else looked great.  Tom 
 I don't think we are interested in Hockey but Texans may be of interest.  Send an E-mail to Redmond for us to discuss.  Maybe we can share with another desk.  Tom 
 Jeanie,  Can you send me Jim's evaluation form so I can write his midyear review?  John was out today so I did not get to ask about feedback on Jim.  Tom 
 That is fine.  Tom 
 Lyne,  Mom called me today to ask if we would be available to join them Sunday morning December 16th as Dad is receiving an award at Church from the "Dominican Family".  She pointed ou