 Sorry for the late notice, I forgot I had a dentist appointment at 3:00, I can meet any other day this week.  Thanks  Larry 
 It is what I expected,  Thanks  Larry 
 yes 
 It"s my understanding that Susan will work for your desk full-time.  She has offered,  time permiting, to help her replacement with problems until he is completely comfortable. 
 Could you please take care of my application for Enron Online  Thanks,  Larry 
 Thanks Frank 
 I have  a dental appointment in the Post Oak area at 400pm.  I can meet until 410 or so. 
 This is to inform you that we are rolling out changes to the Gas Daily option pricing model.  Currently the system is not properly pricing index puts and calls at locations with gas daily index premiums or discounts (puts and calls are priced at the same level no matter what the index).  The change will result in raising call values/lowering put values at locations with index premiums and the opposite at locations with index discounts.  In addition, index plus/minus option deals (for example index -1.00 puts) - which are currently incorrectly priced flat to the index option (the index -1.00 put is priced flat to the index put)- will be accurately priced to reflect the difference in strikes.  If  anyone has any questions please call me at  3-6731.  Thank You,  Larry May 
 maybe you would enjoy this! 
 Please enable Flecther Sturm to sell options 
 As you might be aware,  Susan Scott (the book admin for the pipe option book) was forced by system problems to stay all night Wednesday night and until 200 am Friday  in order to calc my book.  While she is scheduled to rotate to the West desk soon,  I think we need to discuss putting two persons on my book in order to bring the work load to a sustainable level.  I'd like to meet at 2:30 pm on Monday to discuss this issue.  Please let me know if this time fits in your schedules.  Thanks,  Larry 
 I'll talk to you about it tomorrow.  Thanks Larry 
 Please enable me to sell options on EOL (currently I am only able to buy).  Thanks,  Larry 
 Use number 12: Transco Zone 6 
 My pleasure 
 Could you find one please 
 Steve,  Please set up a spreadsheet for me with the following tickers:  Basis  NWPL RM  Cash, Oct (spot month), Nov-Mar, Apr -Oct EP SJ  Cash, Oct (spot month), Nov-Mar, Apr -Oct SOCAL  Cash, Oct (spot month), Nov-Mar, Apr -Oct  Thanks,  Larry 
 I will attend. Larry May x6731 
 how about today (Thurs) 3pm we can find a conference room 
 YES 
 For gas daily options it is Eric Sandberg and Lance Jordan 
 That will be fine 
 I'm in 
 I got it I'll call you at home tonight 
 YES 
 how about today (Thurs) 3pm we can find a conference room 
 Could you find one please 
 maybe you would enjoy this! 
 you are welcome, and thank you for all your help at work. 
 Dr.Lockwood,  Due to a family crisis concerning my son's health I am requesting an extension on completing the mid-term exam for IN520 until  11/7/01.  I realize the deadline had already passed but between work and my son's condition I was delayed in sending this e-mail.  I appreciate any help you can provide in this extension.  Sincerely,  Lawrence J. May  wk 713-853-6731 larry.may@enron.com hm 281-379-1525 ljnmay@aol.com 
 1.05/1.35 
 Hi Dr. Leerburger,  Thanks for your feedback.  I know how busy you must be - I have three kids (7,5 and 2) so I realize how precious time off is.  I applyed to DIA, NSA and CIA about three weeks ago.  I got letters back stating my application had been recieved.  The DIA said I have been put into their applicant pool.  My company (Enron) has offered me a position in London managing a trading desk for crude oil and refined products.  They want me to move over in January or Febuary, so hopefully I'll know something before then.  If I'm not offered anything by then, I'll probably go and plan on applying to Georgetown in one to two years.  I really hope I'm offered a position now - London would be interesting - but with everything that is going on now, I'd rather start this new career now.  Thanks again for your feedback and I hope to speak with you when time permits.  If you are teaching the Threat Assesment course at AMU Spring 2002, I'll probably be in your class.  Sincerely,  Larry May 
 Thanks Tara 
 THANK YOU 
 Dear Sean,  Thanks for staying in touch.  Fell free to use me as a reference.  Give me = a call : 713 853-6731.  Good luck.  Larry 
 Dear Dr. Leerburger,  Thank you for your response.  As I wrote in my earlier note, I am seeking a career change into intelligence analysis. My work the last eleven years probably has a similar skill set - I basically process a great deal of information each day in order to arrive at decisions positioning a large commodity portfolio for my company.  As you may see from my resume and cover letter, I also have several years of military experience in the Navy's aviation and intelligence communities  Given the serious nature of this career change, I wish to speak to someone currently working in this field (I read your biography on the AMU website ).  My questions include:  - Do you find the work to be rewarding?  What are the attractions and frustrations of the work? - Does my current background make me an attractive candidate for a mid-level position in the intelligence community? - If my background is currently lacking in some respects, would a graduate level program (I'm applying to both the DIA JMIC      program and Georgetown's Security Studies MA program) be a good choice?  How do these programs rate within the intelligence community?  If convenient, I would like to speak with you concerning these questions.  I thank you for any assistance you may provide.  Sincerely,    Lawrence May 14542 Kentley Orchard Ln. Cypress, Texas 77429 Home: 281 379-1525  email: ljnmay@aol.com Work: 713 853-6731  email: larry.may@enron.com 
 Dear Dr. Lockwood,  I had discussed with you an extension for RC502 and I would like to propose finishing the course in January of 2002.   I am currently enrolled in RC520 and will finish this course as per the regular schedule.  The reason for my extension request is due to an unexpected increase in workload from my current job, my desire to focus on the Analytic methods course and my decision to apply to the DIA JMIC Graduate training program (I wish to spend a good deal of time time on the application).  Please let me know if this meets with your approval.  Sincerely,  Lawrence J. May 713 853-6731 work: larry.may@enron.com home: ljnmay@aol.com 
 Looks good thanks 
 That's fine 
 Anytime but Tues or Friday afternoon 
 Did you get my message concerning being out sick Friday and rescheduling? 
 Dear Mr. Reeves,  As per our conversation, could you please forward this e-mail to Dr. Leerburger.  Thank you for your help.  Lawrence May 14542 Kentley Orchard Ln. Cypress, Texas 77429 Home: 281 379-1525  email: ljnmay@aol.com Work: 713 853-6731  email: larry.may@enron.com  Dear Dr. Leerburger,  I am a part-time student at American Military University in the MA program in Intelligence Studies.  Currently, I am enrolled in Dr. Lockwood's Analytic Methods course.  I have been planning to finish my MA (I have an MBA from the University of Washington as well) in three years and then begin a second career in intelligence analysis (I am currently an Energy commodities trader with Enron Corp in Houston, Texas).  However, with the events on Sept. 11, I wish to apply now for a position.  If it is convenient,  I would like to discuss career opportunities in government service with you.  Attached are the cover letter and resume I have already sent the DIA and NSA.  Given the events of the last few weeks,  I know you must be extremely busy and appreciate any time you may spare.  Sincerely,   Lawrence J. May 
 Fair enough,  Thanks 
 The site I have just been blocked from is a on-line mailbox at an internet university I am taking a course at: American Military University.  Please let me know when this can be removed.  Thank You  Larry May  3-6731 
 2:15 would be good.  My flight gets into Reagan at  12:00: if it is delayed I will give you a call.  Thank you,  Larry May 
 Dear Dr. Lucas,  I am a part-time student at American Military University in the MA program in Intelligence Studies.  Currently, I am enrolled in Dr. Lockwood's Analytic Methods course.  I have been planning to finish my MA (I have an MBA from the University of Washington as well) in three years and then begin a second career in intelligence analysis (I am currently an Energy commodities trader with Enron Corp in Houston, Texas).  However, with the events on Sept. 11, I wish to apply now for a position.  If it is convenient,  I would like to discuss career opportunities in government service with you.  Attached are the cover letter and resume I have already sent the DIA and NSA.  Given the events of the last two weeks,  I know you must be extremely busy and appreciate any time you may spare.  Sincerely,   Lawrence J. May Wk. 713 853-6731 email larry.may@enron.com Hm. 281 379-1525 email ljnmay@aol.com 
  Pass this on to Brad as well,  I think you guys should take the swap and options classes. 
 Dear Dr. Fidas,  I spoke with you a few days ago concerning my interest in the Sercurity Policy Studies program.  I am going to be visiting th