 Kent, If we do so, I would assume that the reasoning is based as much on pricing as it is on volumetrics.  What are Jo and Larry's views on the market at this point?  Dan 
 Rod, I'd love to queue up a discussion about CMS and/or WMB, so that the Board is thinking "large acquisition".  I just don't know if we'll be ready.  I've talked with Whalley, and he's let us come in at the last minute or call a special meeting if a big deal becomes evident.  Also, Greg wants us to be very sensitive about capital structure in addition to operating cash flow.  Therefore, I'd like to start getting Tim DeSpain involved.  Does that make sense?  Dan 
 Rod, I'm a bit unclear as to the source of the information contained in the first two sentences of paragraph 2.  I think that they should more accurately be worded, "TW benefits from contractual commitments for its firm transportation contracts into California, contracts covering 86% of TW's capacity to California continue through 2005.  Long term risk is mitigated by contracts covering 40% of TW's capacity post 2005, and a settlement agreement with current firm customers."  This would reflect our position inclusive of Red Rock. I'm not sure where their numbers on expiring contracts came from, but I wouldn't have a problem documenting these.  Dan 
 But isn't that exactly what "interactive" means?? 
   A;0042976;OPRSDNTN  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
   A;0042975;MPRSDNTN  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
 I noticed that several people were left off of Stan's attempt at an organizational chart.  Please forgive the oversight and don't read anything into it, as our organization hasn't changed. Thanks.  Dan 
 Rod, I've had this removed from numerous users so far due to the cost.  We'll have this down to three or four users in the next week or so.  Dan 
 Guys, Several of our people have PROFITEX installed on their computers at a monthly rate of $135/mo S. Harris, K. Miller, S. Neville, R. Cabrera, R. Preston, R. Paladino, J. Prichard, L. Pavlou).  If it is not necessary for the performance of their jobs, have the service terminated for the respective user.  Thanks.  Dan 
 Matthew, Here are mine:  3 S. Watertree Drive The Woodlands, TX  77380  281-362-1112 (home) 832-444-8257 (cell)  dandjmccarty@aol.com  Take Care!!  Dan 
   A;0042750;SPRSDNTN  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
 But that allows all parties to game the system rather than to bid the capacity at a value that is compatible with the individual party's economics.  Or does FERC not see that as a driver (values at which a willing buyer and a willing seller would transact).  This would always put a Seller at a disadvantage. 
 Drew, The 2002 Transwestern fuel hedges were all done with ENA.  Currently those hedges are approximately $17.0m in the money.  Our ENA hedges would certainly be rejected by a Trustee in bankruptcy.  Since these were affiliate transactions, I would assume that these positions were all layed off to a non-Enron counterparty.  Is there a way that we can get assignment of the offsetting counterparty transactions?  If not, we could have a big hole for next year.  Dan 
 John, Just one suggestion. I think it's still unclear as to why we needed to file CH.11.  In the first paragraph, final sentence, could we change it to read "These actions were necessary to ensure that our loans would not be called by the banks due to the cross defaults, and to preserve the value in our core energy business".  Dan 
 Greg, I talked with Kilmer about the negotiated rate proceeding, and he is fine with it being handled out of Omaha.  He would like assurances that he and Teb are in the loop during the review process.  This is not the deal that I had with Mary Kay, so I will need to confirm that she is willing to shepard this this through.  Please circle back with Rob and make sure that everyone is comfortable that nothing is falling through the cracks, and I will talk with Mary Kay. Also, I do want to be able, at any point, to severe all TW and NNG functions IFF I'm required to--meaning Kilmer has to be in the loop on all TW matters.  Dan 
 Stan, As of today, El Paso's offer stands at $550m., and our value (Rod's and Corps.) stands at $800m.  Rod has been told by El Paso that the deal (if any) is on hold.  Due to the value gap, we're skeptical that we'd reach terms that we could submit to a Trustee.  As for the PSA, Staci has only prepared an outline of the necessary terms and has been told to slow play this one due to the value gap and El Paso's signal that this is on hold for the time being. If you'd like us to turn up the fire on this, we can.  I am a bit unclear (especially based on McMahon's comments on Sunday as to what is core, how we might restructure, and that asset sales were not on the front burner) as to what our key priorities are besides running the going concerns and preservation of value. Let me know your thoughts on this one.  Dan 
 Richard, Thanks for checking in.  We are doing fine.  In fact, while Enron lost 4,000 of 7,000 people yesterday, I didn't lose any (gas has to flow, you know), but most of the people that I've brought up through the organization are gone.  I can't imagine that I'll need to layoff more than 6 or 7 people in the near future.  None of the pipes have filed Ch.11 and there are no plans to do so. Judy and the kids are doing fine.  We do see London alumni on a regular basis.  Are you going to be here over the holidays?  We'd love to see you guys. Let me know what your calendar looks like.  Dan 
 No, and I'd like to know who in my group is using it for 135.31/mo.  Can they tell me that?  Dan 
 All, As you are aware, we've let 4,000 full time tenured employees go.  Our retention of any contractors will be scrutinized to the highest degree.  Please prepare an explanation for each of the contractors (from the list below) in your area that you wish to retain.  Upon completion, please forward it to me.  Dan 
 Brian, I didn't hear back on the PPA for Julie Armstrong.  Is it scheduled to be paid?  Dan 
 See if you can figure out how to get into this??  Dan 
 Steve, This is landing at a bad time.  I'm going to be in Omaha going over the 2002 plan, and doing other business.  Unfortunately, I cannot reschedule this one so I'll have to miss the Wine fest. 
 Stan, Negotiations with SoCal have gone nowhere.  Out of the $6.0m (past and future) in dispute, they have only offered about $600,000 in value.  We're taking one more shot at negotiating a deal whereby they would take more capacity going west and/or having them buy out of West Texas lateral space which TK and Lorraine would sell for incremental revenue.  If this doesn't prove fruitful, then I would intend to pursue the FERC decision.  Agreed?  Dan 
 Guys, We need to terminate this (unilaterally if possible, or if not, bilaterally) and move towards settlement now (it's better to move to settlement prior to a default which I believe will be on Monday).  Who is not being responsive? I'll track them down and get an answer if I have to. I think that we're too late for today, so let's do it in the morning.  Dan 
 Rod, I just signed the confidentiality agreement and will track down the ENA contracts asap.  I'll let you know when I have them.  Dan 
 Ken, I realize that times are tough, but this is really twisting the knife that is already deeply embedded in the majority of employees.  Have you ever gone down to the Body Shop in the mornings or at noon to see how many employees use the facility for health and stress relief purposes?  We've done a lot of things during the past few weeks to kill morale, but this is a new low.  Are you going to do anything about it?  I think that a lot of people would like to know.  Dan 
 Eric, Do you have any ballpark idea about where an offer might come in?  Dan 
 Cindy, Check and see if PROFITX software is on Stan's computer (the icon will be on his windows screen).  If so, find out if he uses it and let Julie know.  Julie is trying to get it removed from a number of systems as the support for the software is $135.00/mo., and it is not a critical tool for us.  Thanks.  If you need to reach me the afternoon, you can get me from 3:30 on at 713-345-3271.  Dan 
 fyi 
 fyi 
 Kim, I would like to look further into getting onto the MOD Board.  Any suggestions on what to do?  Thanks.  Dan 
   A;0042896;MPRSDNTN  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
 Dave, FYI. I am still uncomfortable doing anything with NNG's swaps until someone can tell me who the swaps are with, who the confirms are with, what underlying contracts are being terminated, and what are the ramifications of the termination. Until we can answer these questions, we cannot terminate anything. How can we get these answers?  Dan -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Jared, Starting when? Dan -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Rod, Michelle Lokey has 269,000 coming in from WMB as an OBA settlement today or tomorrow into the New account. I doubt that it is forecasted. I'll just have her call Tracy.  Dan -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Rod, FYI---Let's discuss. 
   A;0042913;MPRSDNTN  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
 Rick, I thought that there was $553,000 due from ENA for November capacity release.  Who are the original shippers on the other $348,000?  Dan 
 Rick, I guess that we are going to be s.o.l. as an unsecured creditor on the $129,000.  How do we get to the $226,350 where they acted as agent.  Can we go direct to the beneficiaries?  Whatever can be done needs to be done fast, because people, money and paperwork seem to be disappearing around ENA's shop.  Dan 
 Bob, I've not kept up with Brian for the past several years.  I can say, that during the four years that Brian worked for me, he created value every year without having tasks and opportunities handed to him.  In fact, even in his worst year, he created $6.5m.  Brian really  started our currency arb's (US/Canadian) in 1992 when we worked on Sithe.  The concept of a "virtual power station" was co-created by Brian and Joe Gold (his associate) when they sold a virtual pump storage to National Power Ltd. after their failed attempt purchase an actual pump storage in the UK (trading peak against off-peak spreads seems to be no great feat today, but no one had ever done one in 1996).  A lot of what we've done the past few years stems back to many of the ground breaking things that Brian and Joe started ( including the way that we structured the tolling agreements surrounding our Sutton Bridge Plant in the UK). As for enemies at Enron---I think that they are all gone (Ken, Amanda, Cliff, John Stokes and crew).  I think that Mark Frevert still thinks highly of Brian and understands that Brian was put in a bad situation (being put in the middle of the Ken and Amanda thing). I do know that Brian has turned around his life quite significantly--he's very Christian and has a lot less ego than he once had.  If I could hire him back, I would.  I'd just cut him loose, ask him to make me $6.0m/yr., and he'd deliver me $10.0m/yr.  I'd take as many of those kind of people that you could find for me. Let me know if I can help further.  Dan 
 Cindy, I will handle and respond to the attached. Dan 
 Guys, Fran Fagan will be sending you a worksheet for year end bonuses for 2001 and a worksheet for 2002 merit increases.  Several individuals may not show up on your bonus list since employees who previously received retention bonuses have been omitted, but these individuals will show up on your merit list.  Please work through these lists and forward your suggestions to Fran Fagan by December 28.  As guidelines:  1. We MUST, in the aggregate, come in below the sum of the proposed bonus levels. 2.  Individual bonuses which exceed last year's amounts will be strictly scrutinized at three levels (me, Stan, and the Comp. Committee), so the story had better be good. 3.  I'd like to see extraordinary performance during the past few months, particularly in a leadership capacity, heavily weighted in your consideration. 
   A;0042934;SPRSDNTN  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
   A;0042933;SPRSDNTN  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
 Fran, If Julie's merit needs to be lump sum, just move it over to that column.  Also, send me Eric Gadd's sheets as well.  Thanks. Dan 
 Steve, It looks like you're going to need some help on your bonus numbers based on your team's performance.  I have an extra $24,500 that you can have now.  Use it if you need to.  Dan 
 Eric, I'd suggest: Janet Place--Legal Mary Kay Miller--regulatory Technical--???  talk with Phil MOU--You Sound O.K.? Dan 
 Stan, I just glanced at your new org. chart and thought I'd make a comment (or really more of an observation).  Jesus had 12 direct reports and screwed up on one of them, so while I agree that a flat organisation is best, I think that you'd better be very careful or you get a godlike ego.  Dan 
 Brian, If that is the case, I think that I have $0 left.  There was a request earlier this week for  $750 from NNG.  I guess we'll have to put this on hold for now.  I'll get back with Steve Harris.  Dan 
 Since to bulk of these will be used for employees, I'd like to try and get 20-plus tickets through Deb---not hospitality ones. 
   A;0042375;MPRSDNTN  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
 Mary Kay, It seems that others have benefited handsomely from the volatility in Permian/SanJuan to Cal. border prices.  Interesting, isn't it? Dan 
 Pam, Forget the monitor and video cart, I had Julie order them off iBuyit today.  Who should we call to test the CATV cable that was installed, as it appears not to work, and who do we call to remove the 36" TV and entertainment center that was delivered to us last week?  Thanks.  Dan 
 Cindy, No.  I'll give her mine and Eric's.  I fear that if she has Stan's, he'll get random calls that shouldn't rise to his level, and you'll lose control of your ability to screen his calls for priority.  Dan 
   A;0042361;PPRSDNTS  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
 Mary Kay, Just a bit of a heads up--It is looking like the Management Conference in November is being cancelled (probably to be rescheduled for after the first of the year).  We should hear something official in the next day or two.  Dan 
 SOOOO--Is it really too late to consider a disaster recovery site that would be safer than Ardmore in the event of flood, bio-terrorism, or other crazy attack, that would be marketable to other companies??  I think that this a question that one should ask one's self if one was just promoted to a lofty position of authority.  Dan 
 I love you. Cool is it not.  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I got it, pal. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 John, I've been holding Babiuk off.  But this is starting to sound like vintage Ballentine, and I have some doubt that he has any real deal in store.  Can we sell him an option for $50,000, to accept this deal by execution of our document and payment of the consideration by November 15, 2001?  It would show that he's, at least, serious.  Or we could break off discussions with him all together and start up with El Paso.  What do you think?  Dan 
 John, That is fine, but I'd also like to see current month to Plan as well, as this will be of particular interest next year. Dan 
 Mary Kay, I still haven't forgotten--I'm talking with Stan about the Lay/Frevert/Whalley meeting this afternoon, and I'll let you know. Dan 
 Mary Kay, I still haven't forgotten about you--I'll be talking to Stan about the Lay/Frevert/Whalley meeting this afternoon.  I'll give you a call then.  Dan 
 Okay -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Eric, Bob will be reporting into the Asset Development Group (which is you), but as you well know--we tend to blur alot of lines around here.  It is important to TCPL and all of the others to know that Bob does have direct access to Stan and me.  This is consistent with what Bill had originally talked to Bob about.  Okay?  Dan 
 Are you there? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Message received. Thanks. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Fyi -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Shelley, How are your people coming on the TW and NNG contracts?  Sorry about the short notice,  but as usual, it's good that it's in our hands and not someone else's.  Dan 
 Larry, At what point do we consider taking off the '02 hedges?  Is that a game we should play or not? What is your view of market for '01 and '02?  Dan 
 Eric, Here is the IT Backhaul proposal that went to Gonzales.  You'll note that it is for deliveries west of the Florida border. Dan 
 Eric, I thought you had talked to Susan about covering for Julie on Friday afternoons.  She needs to know that "covering" means she needs to stay beyond 3:40 (at least until close of business), which is when she rushed out on Friday.  I had phones shifted over to Audrey after I got a call from Cindy looking to find Julie or me.  If you haven't talked with her, I will I'd you'd prefer.  Dan 
   A;0042661;PPRSDNTN  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
 Eric, Considering the number of fires we have at Enron right now this is about the last thing on Stan's mind.  Hill and Hartsoe are appropriate to be attending this meeting.  Again--I think that this is a bit more of Dennis' overkill.  Do you think he goes dove hunting with grenades?  Dan 
 John, Have Craig give me a call--we have alot of new work being done with PG&E and TW, so he could be quite helpful. Dan 
 Stan, I have it on good authority that Dynegy is making a run at Bob Hayes. My guess is that Bob will call you or me to discuss his status sometime today.  Dan 
 John, I want a report that doesn't change formats every time you or anyone else decides to chat about it.  All I want is a apples to apples comparison from week to week.  Whether that comparison is to Current Estimate, Forecast or both, I don't care.  Just produce a report and then be consistent--starting tomorrow.  Dan 
 Stan, Last week we coordinated with Steve Kean, Rick Shapiro, Joe Hartsoe and the Washington office, so that they would make sure that our objections (as outlined in Dennis's communication below ) to certain portions of Bingaman's proposed legislation would be heard. They've all been working on the issue this week and will continue through the Bingaman hearings. Williams, El Paso and Duke have all done the same.  Dan 
 Not yet. 
 I just got off of fifty and there is no news yet.  Last we heard, Chevron's CEO had one more call to make with someone from Texaco, and that their response was eminent.  Dan 
 We'll have $1.5 B. for about 15 minutes. 
 Fran, I've already talked with Bob about the specifics of this, so go ahead and forward it to him (he's expecting it). Dan 
 Rod, I had approved an offsite Happy Hour for our Market Services Group following our string of emergencies (about a $2500-$3000 expenditure).  Considering everything that has happened, we're reviewing all costs, whether previously approved or not, and cutting where we can.  This is one that I don't think I should pull unless you feel strongly that I should.  Let me know your thoughts.  Dan 
 Julie, All I really wanted to ensure is that we were striving to get as many tickets as we could, since the employees would take as many as we could get.  I was concerned that with all of the cost cutting, someone would just assume that we could get by without the tickets.  I thought that Deb could get eight (8), I'd buy them personally, and I'd use four (Hayes and me), and would give the other four to employees.  If Mary Kay wants four (4), that's fine.  Let Deb know, however, that employees using them for personal use (which I'm sure will be all of them), will be expected to pay for them themselves.  Dan 
 Julie, Deb refers to "bowl tickets".  I assume that she means "playoff tickets", since the bowl tickets won't be allocated until teams are selected for the BCS Bowls (which is after the playoffs in Dallas).  Dan 
 Cindy, No.  This are working meetings which kick off the due diligence review for each of the withdrawn partners. So, everyone will be sending their worker bees only.  Dan 
 Mary Kay, At what point can we expect the CPUC and IS's to take their lumps and get on with picking at some other issues?  Hasn't Kern River done something that they can spend their time fighting about?  How do you think this one will go from here?  Dan 
 FYI---I guess it ain't over 'till it's over. 
 Cindy, For what it's worth, I am quite opposed to going forward with the Enron Christmas Party as planned.  With as much negative press as we've gotten, we are assured that the local TV stations and the Chronicle will cover it, and will put the "lavish" affair in the worst light possible.  Can't we stop it now??  Dan 
 FYI 
 Bob, Would you copy me when you send the first draft, I'd like to get a better feel for it.  Thanks.  Dan 
 Phil, Due to the increasing demands on Stan, I'd like to offer our help in meeting and communicating with the field (Hayes, Harris, Neubauer, Miller, Kilmer, and myself).  Stan's already taken, and I'm sure that you have taken, more than your share of unwarranted heat and criticism, so we'll help tow the line.  Would there be an opportunity for field visits in the near future?  Let me know.  Dan 
 Stan, Eric Thode's comment reported by Dow Jones yesterday that "most of Enron's critical employees are under contract" is not sitting well with my people--particularly Mary Kay, Rob and Steve.  He also made a comment that bonuses were "scheduled to be paid in mid-February" (a statement on a delicate subject that did not need to be made).  I know that some of this stuff can't be avoided, but I don't think we're even being careful about what is, or is not, said in the media.  I want a fair shot to deliver a solid company with good morale and a high self-esteem to Dynegy.  And mistakes like this don't help morale or the group's cohesiveness. Could you raise the concern at you 11:00 meeting if possible?  Dan 
 Cindy, This was the official response on whether the Enron Field Christmas Party would be cancelled.  Let Stan know as well.  Dan 
 Stan, In response to your questions today:  1. Research Group--while we do use them for options modeling and sanity checks, we employ two of their quant-jocks directly on NNG payroll (Sean Bolks being the lead).  As long as we keep these two, we could get by without them all together.  2. Government Affairs--we only use one individual out of the Corporate Staff (Pat Shortridge).  Other than that, they provide no value.  3. Aviation--will be used be my staff only is cost justified versus commercial (coach) flights.  4. Strategic Sourcing--TAP does provide a cost effective service.  We could do without it, but I doubt we'd save money doing it ourselves.  Dan 
 Joel, I truly wish that I had something in my shop for you, but I don't.  Try Geoff Roberts at Entergy (281)-297-3120, Rich Kinder at Kinder Morgan (713)369-9000, or you could try Anadarko in the Woodlands.  I know that Duke is still hiring, too.  The other alternative is to look outside the industry, which is probably a good idea at this point.  You could also contact Joe Sutton and see if you could get some leads from him.  In any event, let me know if there is something that I can do.  I wish you the best of luck in your search--we'll keep you in our prayers until we've heard that you're fine, so let us know.  Take care.  Dan 
   A;0042066;PPRSDNTN  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
 Mike and Dave, As you probably guessed, Stan and I will not be coming to the Christmas Party after all.  I will try to get to Omaha prior to the Party for a couple of days though.  Dan 
 Kent, I understand your concern, but at this point, I may have to tell you who the "right" person is for the time being.  I am working the situation from this end and will advise you what needs to be done, why and when.   Whatever is done, I can assure you that your "right" choice to fill any position will be from within our group, and will make sense from an overall ETS Commercial perspective.  Dan 
 FYI--this should wind Kent up just a bit. 
   A;0042764;MPRSDNTN  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
   A;0042150;MPRSDNTN  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
 Pam, I don't see why the clearing of 41 is a prerequisite.  Let's just get it moved from 4th to where ever so people can see it.  I've got a whole floor of people apprehensive about the move and wasting time talking about what the working enviornment might be like when we finally move back. We've got enough to worry about, this isn't worth the noise.  If people just see it, they will understand that this is not going to be a minimum footprint sardine pack, and any noise will stop. When can we expect it to be available for viewing.  Do you want me to have Julie arrange it with Claudia? Also, What has happened to our move?  We were supposed to move yesterday, we're all packed up in boxes, and nobody seems to know what happened or when we are moving now.  Dan 
 Stan, Take a quick glance at this. Dan 
 Stan, The initial numbers from El Paso (as a Seller of their interest) would have equated to a 14 to 15x  EBITDA  with a valuation more in the range of $180m.  While we knew that they wouldn't be a buyer at that price, we expect that they would come in at $80-$90m.  They have yet to respond.  In the mean time, we are sitting on Deb's lowball (by her own admission) offer for two to three more days.  Dan 
 Eric, Julie has asked to take vacation on Friday, so we'll need Susan to cover phones, faxes, and general office business on Friday until 6:00 Eastern/ 5:00 Central.  Based on our efforts in Washington this week, Friday could be a very busy day.  Dan 
 Pat, Thanks.  I appreciate the input. Let me know if anything pertaining to the specific routing of the line begins to bubble up.  Dan 
 Greg, I have no interest for ETS. Dan 
 Kim and John, I agree with Kim's second point.  I don't know how Ballentine's language works--there doesn't seem to be an offer and acceptance of anything specific.  I'd like to at least have a contract that has either been negotiated with the third party of the ability to negotiate it myself.  Can we clean this language up a little?  Dan 
 Dave, I haven't heard anything about Pacer for quite some time.  Has there been any progress or have we dropped it? Dan 
 Kim and John, I assumed that we'd moved away from that point in favor of the right to match.  Is that not the case? Dan 
 ok 
 Stan, The teleconference today (with TCPL) held nothing really new.  We did agree not to bring in any other third parties, such as El Paso, at this time.  TCPL noted that they would be interested in a roles as the developer (and perhaps as the operator or some or all of the new line), and would also expect to be responsible for all Canadian legal and regulatory matters.  They acknowledged that we have more expertise in the areas of US rates and regulatory and legal, finance, commercial and marketing activities and would expect that we take the lead there.  We are working toward a first cut on a JV structure over the next two weeks.  Dan 
 No interest. 
 Shelley, I haven't seen any invitation list for Friday's Plan Review with Stan yet, but we are up at 10:00 and will go until 1:00.  I'd like you to be in through the whole thing if possible.  After that, do you think that you and I should walk through the whole plan with the key people in your group (and maybe Steve's)?  Give me a call if you haven't received the Plan handouts by tomorrow.  Thanks.  Dan 
 Shelley, I was thinking just revenue, but we can just as easily do O&M, too.  Which would you prefer? Dan 
 Dennis, I'm fine with the letter.  And, I think that it should be well received. Dan 
 Yes 
  FYI 
   A;0042306;PPRSDNTS  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
 We wouldn't.  I'll talk with Kim. 
 Eric, I'll be talking with John sometime this afternoon. Dan 
 Thanks 
 Eric, FYI, I had my Assistant look back through call logs for the past ten weeks--John never called once.  I called him yesterday and left him a lengthy message and received no return call.  I called again today and received no return call.  You may have a good relationship with these guys, but I think that John may be a bit flaky and would question his veracity.  I'll try one more time, then I'll call it quits.  Dan 
 Rod, This would be preferable, but I don't understand what rules could be = changed to alter the existing accounting treatment.  Also, Kent's numbers d= o not decline over the suggested ten year life of the project, and I'd bet = that the injection and withdrawal rates decline just like they did after th= e project was initially developed.  The other thing to keep in mind is that= there will be no long term contracts securing the anticipated cash flow.  = We will be relying on our storage desk to secure margins in the short term = market (which is the only way to do high injection/high withdrawal storage = to capture short term market anomalies).  Are you okay with that?  I am.  Dan 
 Martha, Would you drop me a quick note and update me on your progress?  Is there anything that you need to be doing at this point?  Also give me your general feel for the market's receptiveness to date, the caliber of Luminent's staff, and how the relationship is going so far. If you have some available time next week, call Julie and get on my calendar.  Thanks.  Dan 
 Janet, I'd like you to talk with Rafael if you have time.  He's at Columbia on an Enron loan through the Associate Pool.  He worked for Eric Gonzales in Spain and for me in EES Europe.  He's a very bright guy and would add a lot of value where ever he lands.  Dan 
 Janet, Yes, he will be returning as an Associate.  I don't think that Billy is coordinating this trip, but I'll check. Dan 
 Mark, I hat