 Thanks.  Wow, you're quick on email.  Jeff and I will be the only attendees. m 
 Guys,  Attached is a resume for a guy I know via technology and a very old parental friendship.  He is a very aggressive guy and marketer type.  He has the personality to be an originator or mid-marketer.  He would pound the phones.  Follow up if you want to talk with him.  I am going to forward on to technology guys too but wanted to give you first crack.  Mike 
 Ken,  Per my voicemail, we are having an all employee meeting on next Monday at the Hyatt Regency.  The purpose of this meeting is to pull everyone together for an update on EGM and a brief presentation from all the business units within EGM.  This includes about 1 hour of business and then drinks and food - we expect about 500 people.  We have made a lot of progress on changing the nature and profitability of these businesses and we want to make sure everyone sees just how far we have come in a few months.  I believe they will be motivated to see the growth and profitability.  We had a record Q1 with $100 million of gross margin.  That was 50% of what they made in all of 2000.  Combined with the fact that in December of 2000 alone we made $87 million in gross margin, I believe it will have a big impact.  If you could attend the meeting even for a few minutes it would go a long way in helping us drive our other point which is that the EGM businesses are now core to Enron and has the attention of both you and Jeff.  Thanks for considering this and let me know if you need any other information or assistance.  Mike 
 I'm in.  We'll get started in a couple of months.  Hopefully no sooner! Thanks, mike 
 I'm in. mike 
 Art,  Here is a few numbers.  Av. external transactions per day:  4,600 Life to date notional value:  $550 billion (yes billion, we just passed 1/2 a trillion dollars) Daily value of transactions:  $2.6 billion Percentage of business today in N America:  76% Products offered:  1,815  I hope that helps and good luck. mike 
 I don't know her.  Sorry. m 
 FYI , this is what Suzanne was talking about.  I didn't know any of this was going on.  I haven't talked with SN yet.  Do you have any comments before i do?  m 
 Thanks for the update.  You never appeared on camera and we thought that we had a video problem and that you weren't there. m 
 Eric, incase i forgot to forward, please followup and lets meet him.  I would like to attend. m 
 Virginia,  Thanks for the emails.  No interest in the above or the miro.  I am actively looking for a Pierre Bonnard lithograph, in color and signed.  Also looking for Lautrec but probably after Bonnard.  I will want to see numerous examples before I choose the Lautrec that we want.  If you have any Bonnards,  please let me know and send a copy of the image.  Mike 
 Louise,  You're very welcome.  It is always a pleasure to celebrate this blessed event.  This  is a truly special time in your life and I hope you and Marcus can relax and enjoy it.  This event will change your life and bring you true joy.  I remember the birth of our children like it was yesterday.  Simply writing this makes me feel great and my thoughts and prayers will be with you during this wonderful time.  Remember work will always be waiting for you;  this is what is truly important.  Sincerely, Mike 
 Per, I need a copy of the signature pages for all the signed dashes.  I want them for my files. Thanks, m 
 Ron, I met with him today and steered him in a couple of directions.  He is a very sharp guy and he should be able to find a commercial home somewhere in the near future.   I'll let you know after he talks about opportunities with various groups around EGM. Thanks, m 
 Bob,  He is now in town (he arrived on Monday).  Please call and leave him a voicemail.  We will meet with you. Mike 
 Doug, other than the worst greens of all time, i was very impressed with the course.  The layout of the front nine was outstanding.  10,11,13 were long and hard.  We shot 6 under and had a great time.  I bought a new odyssey putter and love it.  You guys did a nice job on the course.  mike 
 Mike McConnell has been out of the office traveling on business and he asked me to respond to your message on his behalf.  Mike asked me to pass along his sincere thanks for your message and for the invitation, however, he moved out of Enron Net Works and the technology area of Enron effective last August and is no longer involved in that area of the business.  Please note that by way of this message, I am sending a copy to Philippe Bibi, CEO, Enron Net Works.  You may contact Philippe if you are interested in obtaining a speaker from the technology area of Enron.  Thank you again.  Cathy Phillips for Mike McConnell 
 FYI ...  Mike McConnell will be traveling on business during the week of May 14th and will be unable to attend.  Thanks.  Cathy for Mike McConnell 
 Mr. Steimer -  Mike McConnell has been on several trips over the last few weeks and he has asked me to contact you on his behalf.  He asked me to pass along his sincerest apologies for not getting back to you on your invitation sooner. Due to his heavy travel schedule, he is unavailable to attend the Shell Houston Open.  However, Mike asked that I pass along to you my phone and e-mail information so that you may contact me to schedule the meeting to discuss LNG projects. My e-mail address is cathy.phillips@enron.com and my phone number is 713-853-6898.  Please feel free to contact me at your convenience.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips for Mike McConnell 
 Im fine with it. m 
 All,  Attached is a draft copy of a presentation that was created as an internal= =20 briefing document on the business activities within EGM.  The purpose of th= is=20 presentation is to communicate our activities and provide individuals with = a=20 more detailed reference document on these businesses in case they come up i= n=20 Q&A.  This is a confidential and internal document, which includes earnings=20 targets, goals and objectives.  We also have a shorter and more external=20 version if you are interested.=20  Please don=01,t hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or would l= ike=20 to discuss this in more detail. =20  Mike 
 Jason,  Thanks for the email.  We dropped the ball on this one.  I have put Robert W Jones, VP of HR for Enron Net Works on notice of your email and he will expect your call.  His number is 713-853-5810.  Also please resend your resume both to me and to Robert.  Robert's email address is robert.w.jones@enron.com.  We have another Robert Jones at Enron and this Robert is not getting all of his emails.  Thanks, mike 
 I added a couple of our other businesses in the opening paragragh.  Good to go.  mike 
 here it is .  I willl forward my forward email as well. thanks, m 
 Julie, Thanks for your help. This is great. m 
 Jeff,=20  Attached is a draft copy of a presentation that was created as an internal= =20 briefing document on the business activities within EGM.  The purpose of th= is=20 presentation is to communicate our activities and provide individuals with = a=20 more detailed reference document on these businesses in case they come up i= n=20 Q&A or if you need some quick facts about these businesses and I'm not=20 around.  =20  This is a confidential and internal document, which includes earnings=20 targets, goals and objectives.  We have a shorter more external version tha= t=20 we use to describe our businesses.  I can provide that copy if you are=20 interested.  Please don=01,t hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or would l= ike=20 to discuss this in more detail. =20  Mike  PS - I will also send one of these to IR and PR 
 Ken,=20  As discussed in our conversation this afternoon, attached is a draft copy o= f=20 a presentation that was created as an internal briefing document on the=20 business activities within EGM.  The purpose of this presentation is to=20 communicate our activities and provide individuals with a more detailed=20 reference document on these businesses in case they come up in Q&A.  This is a confidential and internal document, which includes earnings=20 targets, goals and objectives.  We have a shorter more external version tha= t=20 we use to describe our businesses.  I can provide that copy if you are=20 interested.  Please don=01,t hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or would l= ike=20 to discuss this in more detail. =20  Mike=20  PS - I will also send this to Jeff, IR and PR 
 Steve,  Attached, for your information and reference, is copy of a presentation tha= t=20 was created as an internal briefing document on the business activities=20 within EGM.  The purpose of this presentation is to communicate our=20 activities and provide individuals with a more detailed reference document = on=20 these businesses in case they come up in Q&A.  This is a confidential and internal document, which includes earnings=20 targets, goals and objectives.  We have a shorter more external version tha= t=20 we use to describe our businesses.  I can provide that copy if you are=20 interested.  Please don=01,t hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or would l= ike=20 to discuss this in more detail. =20  Thanks, mike  PS I sent this to IR and Palmer but yours came back due to a bad email=20 address at EES. 
 All,  Attached is a draft copy of a presentation that was created as an internal= =20 briefing document on the business activities within EGM.  The purpose of th= is=20 presentation is to communicate our activities and provide individuals with = a=20 more detailed reference document on these businesses in case they come up i= n=20 Q&A.  This is a confidential and internal document, which includes earnings=20 targets, goals and objectives.  We have a shorter more external version tha= t=20 we use to describe our businesses.  I can provide that copy if you are=20 interested.  Please don=01,t hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or would l= ike=20 to discuss this in more detail. =20  Thanks, Mike 
 Thanks!   You really changed the energy business. m 
 Thanks for the email.  Also, nice job on the phone today with Whalley.  I think you answered all of his questions and concerns and I think you'll like meeting him next week.  Mike 
 John, FYI, here is the presentation we discussed today.  This is internal only but it can act as a guide if you want to know what we are doing or our approach. This is a first draft and I'll send you an updated one when it is finished. m 
 It looks great. m 
 Mark, Thanks for lunch, I really enjoyed our conversation. Here is the presentation we discussed.  This is an internal presentation only.  mike 
 CP,  Go ahead and put me in the Marriot.  I should give this a try.  Plus it will make them plan better for us. m 
 Ted,  Howdy from Houston.  I didn't see the article but please fax me a copy of the piece if you have one.  Fax# is 713 853 1922.  I will make myself available after class to meet with whoever you want me to meet with.  Sorry I cant stay for the meeting, i really wanted to.  I will need a student to take me to the airport on Friday morning but don't need one on Thursday.  Do you want me to have breakfast or meet with the new dean?  Thanks and see you soon.  Mike 
 FYI, this is an interesting tool for when i am out. m 
 I am interested in the online version.  My login id is:  mmccon1 thanks, m 
 Dorie, thanks, but I need a sweater (M) not a shirt. m 
 Laura, I would like 2 Champions pavillion tickets for all 4 days.  I am not sure who I will take as of yet. thanks, mike 
 Haven't i already done this.  This went out a while ago didn't it? m 
 Sherri,  I would be happy to support Jeff.  I've sponsored 5 other people  for MS150 also but please put me down for $500 for Jeff.  If i am being cheap, let me know.  Thanks, mike 
 thanks. m 
 Sometimes it is great to be the old USA.  Jury's rule, wigged Lords drool. m 
 How's this for the next stab.  Please review, make changes and send back for a final.  I didn't try to make this just perfect but consoldite a little and add a little.  Thanks,  Mike 
 Have it sent to me and I'll make sure it gets looked at. cheers, m 
 Shanna,  Please make this happen ASAP.  I thought he was done.  Also, I would like to see a list of all of our key people and their conctract expiration dates.  I believe you have that but I've not seen a copy.  Thanks, mike 
 The cat needs something. I had fun on the trip.  Jim is a good guy and I'll send you a copy of the pictures for him when i get them back. m 
 Doug,  The Masters was great and of course you were right, the course was magnificent.  This is my 4th trip down and I'm going to try and not ever miss the tournament (but of course I haven't played it!).  The azaleas were not at max bloom, i think they were about a week away due to the cooler weather. What a great tournament.  Please give me a call next time you are in Houston and I'll set up a game at Champions.  I am looking forward to the tour championship later this year.  Give my best to Jennifer and Chris says hello.  Chris would like to email Jennifer, would you please send back your home email address via return email?  Ours is mmccontex@aol.com.  Mike 
 Eric, What do you think? m 
 FYI, as we discussed. m 
 Dorie,  Thanks for everything on the Masters trip.  I thought it went very well.  I enjoyed our shirt and sweater gift but i have a question.  I got a large sweater and need a medium.  Do you have a medium left?  I brought in the large to exchange.  Thanks, Mike 
 Mary Nell,  I can't tell you how disturbed I was over this.  I can't imagine how you are feeling.  As I said in the voicemail it certainly is not a reflection on the teams efforts.  It speaks volumes about the UK and our independence!  No way to take this to the EU?  mike 
 Louise, I thought you would want to see this since you were there during all of those times. m 
 Ron,  I hope you had a good week.  I've thought a lot about your family and you've been in my prayers.  I apologize for the delay in this email but i decided not to bother you with this while you were away.  As a follow-up to our conversation, the authors that have had the biggest influence on me and along the lines we discussed are:  Dr. Denis Waitley (The Psychology of Winning, How to Build your child's self-esteem, many others but I can't remember the titles) Dr. Norman Vincent Peale (The Power of Positive Thinking) Og Mandino (The Choice, The mission) Dr. Wayne Dyer (many) Anthony Robbins (Unlimited Power, Personal Power, many others)  Attached are a couple of the outlines I did.  To my extremee frustration I can't find some of the others that i did many years ago.  I got a lot out of all of these, usually a little from each and when you least expect it.  I am a great believer in the old saying, "When the student is ready the teacher will come".  As we discussed, the results of all of the hundreds of books and tapes have had a profound effect on me and my family.  A few direct tangible results include:  my extensive long and short term goal setting, affirmation collection (over 100 pages and growing), my family journal (80 pages and growing) .....  When you get a chance and things settle down, please give me a call or I can definitely find time for lunch.  Mike 
 Thanks for the update. m 
 Christie, I don't have any interest.  Jeff Shankman is a Penn guy and I am sure he would like to do it and would be very effective. mike 
 I had a good interview with Andy Maus yesterday.  He is a strong candidate and I wanted to make you aware of his background.  His resume is attached below.  Please contact Andy if you are interested in talking with him.  Thanks. Mike 
 I had a good interview with Andy yesterday.  He is a strong candidate and you may want to consider him for origination and mid-marketing opportunities. His resume is attached below.  I highly recommend Andy and if you are interested in talking with him, please contact Shanna Funkhouser to arrange an interview.  Thanks. Mike 
 I had a good interview with Andy yesterday.  He is a strong candidate and you may want to consider him for origination and mid-marketing opportunities. His resume is attached below.  I highly recommend Andy and if you are interested in talking with him, please contact Shanna Funkhouser to arrange an interview.  Thanks. Mike 
 Mark,  Glad to have you on board.  I think you'll do great and that you will enjoy the coal business. m 
 CP, i cant open and review.  Please get a copy of the goals. m 
 All,  Attached is a presentation that I have put together to review EGM's activities.  The purpose is to provide an information package on our businesses for Senior mgt and Investor relations.  This will not be distributed externally but will education people on our businesses and some of our goals.  Please take a few minutes to briefly  review and make any comments and/or changes and fax  or provide a hard copy back to me.  You can send me copies of just the pages that have updates.  Also please focus on the map and insure that there are not mistakes ( i found some recently).  There is also a shorter version presentation that is more external and once I've updated both, i will send everyone a copy via email for your reference and use.  Thanks, mike 
 Yes, that is the level that we will be talking to him about. m 
 Emilio, let me know when it is official and draft up a congratulatory letter for my signature and send via email.  I'll put on my letterhead and sign. thanks, m 
 John,  Attached for your review is a resume for Trevor Woods.  He worked for me in 2 areas,  including directly for me in Technology.  He is outstanding and left enron to join his brother in law in a start up out in San Francisco.  He was an associate at the time.  He is interested in coming back and is talking with many areas of enron for positions.  His girlfriend, Julie Ferrara, is in Net Works and may becoming to London as an assignment.  If she does, he would really like to come as well - if it is possible.  I didn't know if you have a need but he is great and would make an excellent Jr. commercial guy in an origination type of role.  I wanted you to have shot at him as well.  Mike 
 All,  Attached is a resume for Trevor Woods.  Trevor worked with me at HPL and directly for me in Technology.  He is outstanding and left to do the dot com thing with his brother-in-law who was CEO of this company.  He is interested to come back to Enron and is talking to various people around Enron.  He has offer opportunities at EBS and EES and has been talking with Billy Lemmons about ag.  Trevor is great and would be excellent in a Jr. commercial roll in an origination type of function.  He is interested in moving pretty quickly and if you have an interest please contact him in the near future.  Shanna can coordinate the times but i recommend him highly and he would be an asset to EGM.  Mike 
 Neil -  Mike McConnell asked me to respond to your message on his behalf.  Mike said thank you for the message, but unfortunately, he will be out of town April 4th - 6th and therefore unable to meet with you while you are in town next week.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips for Mike McConnell 
 I'm fine with it. m 
 Lisa, Thanks.  It was a great trip and one that will help lead to a lot of future benefits.  Thanks again for the ticket as well. miie 
 Do you have a brochure so that i can decide when I can take off and go on to other offices? m 
 Doug,  Thanks for the email.  I am glad that you had a good meeting.  These guys are good and we are committed to this business.  I'll be at the Masters Wed - Fri.  Are you going to be there during those days?  Mike 
 All,  I just talked with Andy Fastow and Brian Redmon.  We need to pass on him, they really didn't recommend him as I was led to believe. Sorry, Mike 
 Sweet-um,  I love you too!  My first really nice email for a while.  Love, Mike 
 Virginia,  We didn't have any interest in the piece.   I am interested in the following lithos.  1. a signed Bonnard (no black and whites) and 2. a Toulouse LeTrec (awful spelling).  Let me know if you locate some choices on those two.  Thanks, mike 
 Trevor,  It was great hearing from you.   Please send me some info via email to look at and circulate.  Thanks, mike 
 Jason,  I have forwarded your resume with my commentary to Philippe Bibi, CEO of Enron Networks and Robert Jones, VP of HR for ENW.  You have an impressive resume and I hope you get a good response from Enron.  Best of luck,  Mike McConnell 
 Eric,  Thanks for the update.  Sorry for Arcos and your hard work, I know it is difficult to leave something without it being finished.  I am happy for us. m 
 Joe, Howdy from Houston.  I would really like to discuss.  I've been out the last 2 Mondays and missed your calls. I know your were out yesterday.  How about 5pm on thursday - Houston time.  Does that work?  Mike 
 Mike McConnell will be out of town and unable to attend.  Thank you.  Cathy P. X-36898 
 John and all, Please keep me informed on the progress.  Mark Frevert and I would like to meet him. mike 
 Jonathan,  Thanks for the update.  Great to have you on board.  This job is going to be great.   I am looking forward to working with you again.  Mike   Jonathan Whitehead @ ENRON   03/15/2001 02:59 AM 
 Hello Dr. Jacobs -  Mike asked me to follow up with you to pass along his schedule for his visit to OU in April.  Due to Mike's heavy schedule, he said that he plans to be there on Thursday for the lecture and he will be happy to join the group at The Mont following the lecture, but unfortunately he will need to return to Houston on Friday morning.  He asked me to pass along his regrets for being unable to attend the banquet on Friday evening and the Board meeting on Saturday.  I have contacted the Montford Inn to reserve a cottage for Mike, but they said they are booked.  They also said that they are holding 6 rooms for the OU Special Events group for April 19th.  If one of the six rooms is not being held for Mike, can you please suggest another hotel or inn.  Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips for Mike McConnell 713-853-6898 
 Who is getting the e-mail messages for Cathy Phillips? 
 Darrell,  I attempted to call you a few minutes ago (late night your time - but there was no voicemail).  I didn't want to wait several more days before I contact you.  I'm out all weekend.  Eric shared with me some of your concerns about resources for a Korea LNG opportunity.  I certainly understand your view but wanted to share some of my thoughts.  Rick and/or Clay know the Asian LNG industry better than anyone else in the company.  They are very good and I have a lot of faith in them and their ability to assess opportunities and develop projects.  They are lacking wholesale type of transaction experience that a few of the guys that have recently come into the group have.  That is why we have brought them in.   We have a very strong team and i like the mix a lot.  Eric is the person we chose to run the group for many reasons but it wasn't' done as a lack of faith in Rick or his original team.  The biggest opportunities and the viewpoint we must take in this business is running it like a wholesale unit and running it as a portfolio of transactions and books.  That certainly doesn't  mean that 20 years of experience doesn't have enormous value especially in the non-Atlantic markets.  Rick is in the process of coming back to Houston after the shut down of our middle east projects and strategy.  Rick is also in the process of assessing what exactly he would like to do in the time of transition.  My very sincere hope is that he will stay in the LNG group and perform a very important role especially in this type of development or deal making role.  Especially  in a big deal in Japan, Korea or something in the Asian area.  We will discuss this next week when he comes to town.  I need Eric to be in Houston right now due to our Elba Island, Venezuela and Bahamas immediate activity.  He will certainly be engaged in everything but he can not be focuses as much as you need in Korea or Joe needs in Japan.  Please give me a call next week and we can discuss this in more detail.  Thanks, mike   PS - Frevert also likes this role for Rick.  Also the Eric specific head role has not been officially announced yet. 
 Bob,  I just tried to contact you but rolled to your voicemail which told me that your mailbox was full and it wouldn't let me leave a message.  The operator then sent me into a Nuevo message that stated that the office was closed. Sorry for my late return call but I've been running at full speed since 6:45 am.  Please call when you get a chance.  Also let me know via voicemail if this is urgent.  Mike 
 David,  Howdy.  Thanks for the email.  I agree he is a very sharp guy and does a great job.  I will be attending the Masters again this year.  I will be on our 2nd trip which is Wed - Friday.  We do normally have a very full agenda but if you'll leave me your information, I'll try to stop and say hello.  Thanks, Mike 
 John,  I'm sorry I missed you before you went off to Dhabi.  I had difficult mornings while in town.  I'll call you next week to discuss the weather organization structure and the best way to move forward.  Have a good holiday.  I think you'll like the UAE.  Mike 
 Peter,  Thanks for your voicemail and email.  Your resume is impressive and I have 2 thoughts.  Most of our efforts in EGM are not asset related but I would suggest you contact 2 people:  Eric Gonzales for LNG activities and possible construction projects and Rick Bergseiker, Middle East and also co-heads LNG.  Thanks and good luck.  Mike 
 Dan, FYI. m 
 Chad, thank you for your email.  I will forward on to Dan Reck who is responsible for our new Enron Freight Markets business.  I am sure you will be hearing from him.  Thanks, m 
 I am no longer the CEO for Technology for Enron.  I am  now CEO for Enron Global Markets and do not have any tech. responsibilities.  Please take me of the distribution list.  Thank you, mike 
 Mike McConnell asked me to respond to your message on his behalf.  Listed below is the information you requested:  Coverall Size ( or suit jacket size) 38L Boot Size    9-1/2 Belt Size    30 waist  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips for Mike McConnell 
 George, what is that status of this?  Kinder hasn't called on this but probably will.  Let's discuss or leave me an email. thanks, m 
 Cheryl,  Thanks for the update.  I like the progress.  I realize that we can not cover us 100% for the future contract but at least it will help.  What I think we need is some way to protect us incase he gives us a very high bid price to build the house  because we are captive.  What do you suggest as a possible remedy?  Some sort of checks on allowing others to bid?   Some sort of out on re-purchasing the lot at a set price?  Without a cost plus methodology we could be very vulnerable here.  What do you think?  A few of the other issues you addressed in the earlier fax.  2. Earnest money:  I like putting it in title company vs. Flair. 3. Title policy:  Lets go ahead and take the additional coverage, I think it is prudent especially with the new subdivision. How much does an additional 15% cost?  I don't have any idea. 4.  have provided 5.  not sure i understand this 6.  yes, delete 7. definitely change and check b1 and hire an inspector 8. add in clarifying statement 9. agree to add builder obligation.  I am fine with a quick closing date and needs specificity.  Does he have an estimated time of completion? 10. Rollback taxes:  I agree, clarify as to the exemption, we need to be protected here. 11. add this to contract.  Flare may want the money but we should try it.  I hope this helps.  After you review and discuss these issues, let's get together via phone and discuss outstanding issues.  Please call Cathy Phillips with a time to talk.  She can be reached at 713 853-6898  Thanks, m 
 Eric,  A couple of high priority activities we need to address very quickly. Run down of Nigeria deal (100/400 mmbtu/d) Bahamas - Skilling update, acceleration of Corp effort, approvals Elba - supply and managing t-o-p Ven - Lay call, timing of Ven decision and game plan R Bergseiker future and other EI people Asia strategy and clarification Current view of Long/Short via category of segment (shipping, physical, facilities)  I know you are on top of all of these items but Jeff and I want to run them down and get an update.  Thanks, m 
 John,  We had a successful off-site in Miami this weekend.  We reviewed all of the= =20 EGM businesses and our goals and objectives for 2001.  I will send you a co= py=20 of the presentations for your information and review - good airplane readin= g.=20  I have had several additional discussions on our Global weather business a= nd=20 have come to a decision on how we need to run the weather business.   I=20 believe that we do need 100% full time dedication from each and any employe= e=20 that is dedicated to the weather business including in the overall=20 development and execution of our global strategy and positions.   I have a= =20 great deal of confidence and am holding Mark Tawney responsible and=20 accountable for extensive growth and profitability in the business on a=20 global basis.  We need to hire additional people to add to grow the business in Japan and= =20 Australia.  Joe and Paul are on board with this strategy and Mark will work= =20 with them to accomplish the hiring of people and needed resources.  This wi= ll=20 not just be talk but we will get these people in place by specific=20 deadlines.  We will pay all of those people's expenses and of course the=20 business leaders will be on board with the hiring and the weather guys will= =20 be expected to be a valuable team player and resource to their group.  On the Norway front, we need to implement the same organization structure. = =20 We have talked a lot about Thor and better communication, but we need to ma= ke=20 a change.  On the communication front, we will have weekly calls with him a= nd=20 the weather group to make sure that we are all on the same page and he is u= p=20 to speed with where we are going.  If I am in town, I=01,ll make those call= s as=20 well.   Jeff did have a video call with Thor last week to talk about his=20 email and it went well.  Upon my return from London, I learned that Thor an= d=20 the London group put out a press release about putting out pricing on about= =20 1,000 new products on 15 cities and even changing the index.  Neither Mark= =20 nor Jeff were even aware of this event nor was it even brought up in the ca= ll=20 as something that was going to happen.  Also the hiring of Lars Elmlund as = a=20 weather  originator, without any discussion, also illustrates the lack of= =20 communication or desire to work together.  I am not saying that Mark or Tho= r=20 are totally to blame, they both deserve credit for not working together, bu= t =20 we are going to change the future and make sure that it will work better.  = I=20 know that all of Thor's group is very loyal to Thor and the weather guys ma= y=20 not want to transition into EGM.  If that is the case, we can make it work= =20 via London.  I think the key is our approach to Thor and that this isn't=20 meant as a reflection on him but is a change that is consistent with how we= =20 are running all of our EGM businesses around the world.  The specific weath= er=20 piece of his business is very small and isn't going to effect his P&L=20 significantly (he'll actually be net positive!).  I certainly want to do this with the least impact on the rest of your=20 organization.  Please give me a call and we will discuss the issues=20 surrounding this new structure and the best way to communicate it to those= =20 involved in order to implement this in the most effective manner.  I am unavailable (London time) on Monday and Tuesday but will make myself= =20 available to your schedule upon my return after that.  Thanks, mike  PS - This email is going just to you and Jeff and won't be shared with anyo= ne=20 else. 
 Don,  Thanks for the email and quick response.  I'll address in more detail later, I'm gong out of town again this morning, but I did call Alan Kent and you will have a copy of his standard construction agreement and a copy of the deed restrictions e-mailed today.  Also please call Alan directly with any questions on the contract.  Larry is his real estate agent for selling homes in this subdivision and i believe he is just helping him.  Alan should be able to answer most of your questions for clarifications quickly.  I don't need to be an intermediary.  In case you don't have his numbers, he can be reached at his office at 281 376-1500 or cell 281 960-3749.  We can discuss the other issues you addressed later when i get a chance to review them more carefully.  We are comfortable with Alan as the builder and want him to build the house, we just want to have a remedy if things don't go well.  Thanks, mike 
 Thanks, no interest. m 
 Emilo,  Thanks for the information.  Let me know if there is anything else I can do.  I know that Neal Gerstandt just joined the company last week and will be working with you on project Jose.  You will find him to be a great guy and a person with excellent judgment and overall experience in the energy industry.  I have known and worked with Neal for over 10 years.  I think he will make a great addition to the team and help bring this deal home.... the largest deal at Enron.  Mike 
 Derryl,  Thank you for your email and ideas.   I have kept up with some of the=20 Strategic Sourcing activities and know that things are going well.=20  Enron's art committee's stated vision,  goals and objectives are similar to= =20 the ones you reflected in your email.  As I have stated on an earlier voicemail to George (I can't remember if I= =20 called you as well) the Enron Art committee has spent a lot of time focussi= ng=20 on our vision and goals for the Enron art collection.  This has been=20 coordinated with the approval and support of Ken and Jeff and we have Ned= =20 Rifkin (Menil) and Barry Walker (MFA) advising us.   I believe that we are= =20 making progress with our goals and acquisitions.  Thank you for submitting these concepts.  We are executing on our approved= =20 goals and are not going to pursue your ideas at this time.=20  Good luck with your endeavors.  Mike 
 Darryl, I couldn't open your attachment.  Please resend. m 
 Greg, Thanks.  We'll resolve. m 
 Shanna,  What a deal.  When Jonathan and I talked, he did ask if this deal with Net Works was a problem.  I told him that I wouldn't imagine it would be an issue but to work it out with Eric and i gave him yours and Cindy's name rather than Robert.  Is this out of line with others at his level and responsiblity?  Mike 
 Rebecca,  I would also like to bring Jeff Shankman with me to the board meeting.  He has never attended one.  It has been a long time since i have presented anything to board especially like this.  Would you please provide me a copy of the last couple of presentations so that I can be consistent and give them the right kind of information.  Thanks, mike 
 Vijay,  I apologize for the delay in getting back to you. I've been traveling again= . =20 I also just found this in my in-box as returned as un-delivered (I put only= =20 two v(s) instead of three.    I hope your other discussions went well that= =20 day. =20  Below are a few comments that i believe you addressed and wanted some=20 additional feedback from our coal activities and changes in the coal=20 industry.  I wanted to get this out to you quickly so please forgive this= =20 lack of formality or writing creativity.  Enron activity (EOL) Enron's online activity has been very successful especially as compared wit= h=20 our early estimations of acceptance by the industry.  I believe that there = is=20 only one other active coal trading system (Dynegy direct) that simply isn't= =20 posting prices as a bulletin board and waiting for a response with telephon= e=20 follow-up.  I also believe that we have done a very significant amount of o= r=20 maybe all the coal transactions on Dynegy direct to date.  We do a lot of o= ur=20 business online and the numbers YTD are that approx. 45% of our trades are= =20 executed online.  That number has been higher, as much as 90% for certain= =20 months or when we are trying something new or moving a particular product. = =20 Also, as Bid/Ask spreads tighten, which we would expect, that bodes well fo= r=20 EOL and our (and the markets) ability to transact even more quickly. =20 Transactions that took days to put together now can be done in 1 second. = =20 Between the speed and the cost savings of having a fully integrated system,= =20 we believe that our transaction numbers and percentages of online business= =20 will significantly increase.  Changes in the industry We discussed changes that we believe are coming in the industry.  We see=20 several things on the horizon.  We expect the acceptance of the online=20 transactions to further increase; especially with the volatile price=20 movements what we have seen in the last 6 months.  We are currently=20 developing several new products for EOL that I believe will become very=20 popular and will create new markets in coal and related sectors.  I don't= =20 want to discuss them right now but we are close to releasing them and I thi= nk=20 they will raise some eyebrows.    The development of the Global Coal exchan= ge=20 will also help.  I frankly don=01,t believe it will be very successful beca= use=20 of several things but primarily because of the difficulty in closing the=20 transaction. One thing has been very firmly demonstrated.  Every time a new= =20 big system has been introduced EOL volumes go up.  It simply accelerates th= e=20 acceptance of online business and it gets down to the best prices and=20 liquidity to see who will ultimately win the day.  Another big change in th= e=20 industry is the growing acceptance of the OTC market.  The significant pric= e=20 changes that have occurred have "forced" many traditional players to the OT= C=20 market.  This also includes forcing them to agree to standard OTC terms and= =20 conditions and getting them comfortable with the market.  This is very good= =20 for Enron especially when you consider that we are the major player on the= =20 OTC market.  We don't release specific percentages of what we are doing on= =20 the OTC.  Also having more natural and traditional players signing these=20 types of standard agreements helps us on the EOL side because standard=20 contracts are important for developing a more liquid commodity market.  Enron coal volumes A couple of numbers that we are willing to release.  Year to date, we have= =20 made markets and transacted approx. 30 million tons in the forward market. = =20 On the physical side of our transactions, about 25% go physical vs.=20 financial.  Last year Enron was the largest US market maker (not producer)= =20 with 142 million tons transacted.   Internationally we moved approx. 47=20 million tons and overall the total was slightly less than 190 million tons.= =20 We have high expectations for 2001.  I believe that we should be up approx= =20 65% and we are on track with that.   I think the industry would be surprise= d=20 that we did almost 2,800 transactions in 2000.   This doesn=01,t include an= y of=20 our shipping business.  I hope this helps and please let me know if you have any other questions.  Mike 
 Jeff, Let me know what you think.  Please make changes to make more accurate and effective.  I will send this to him and follow up with a discussion.  It needs some work. m    draft  John,  I have just had some additional discussions on our Global weather business and have come to a decision on how we need to run the weather business.   I believe that we do  need 100% full time dedication from each and any employee that is dedicated to the weather business including in the overall development and execution of or global strategy and positions.   I have a great deal of confidence and am holding Mark Tawney responsible and accountable for extensive growth and profitability in the business.  We need to hire additional people to add to grow the business in Japan and Australia.  Joe and Paul are on board with this strategy and Mark will work with them to accomplish the hiring of people and needed resources.  This will not be talk but we will get these people in place by specific deadlines.  We will pay all of those people's expenses and they will be on board with the hiring and will be expected to be a valuable team player and resource to their group.  On the Norway front, we need to implement the same organization structure. We have talked a lot about Thor and better communication, but we need to make a change.  We will have weekly calls with him and the weather group to make sure that we are all on the same page and he is up to speed with where we are going.  Jeff did have a video call with Thor to talk about his email and it went well.  Upon my return I learned that Thor and the London group put out a press release about putting out pricing on 1,000 cities and even changing the index.  Neither Mark or Jeff were even aware of this event nor was it even brought up in the call as something that was going to happen.  Also the hiring of xxxxxx as a weather  originator, without any discussion, also illustrates the lack of communication or desire to work together.  I am not saying that Mark or Thor are totally to blame, they both deserve credit for not working together, but  we are going to change the future and make sure that it will work better.  I know that all of Thor's group is very loyal to Thor and may not want to transition into EGM and if that is the case, we can make it work via London.  I think the key is our approach to Thor and that this isn't meant as a reflection on him but is a consistent change with how we are running all of our businesses around the world.  The weather piece of his business is very small and isn't going to effect his P&L significantly (he'll actually be net positive!)  Please give me a call and we will discuss the issues surrounding this new structure and the best way to communicate it to those involved to make this the most effective.  This email is going just to you and Jeff and won't be shared with anyone else.  mike 
 Congrats, he is a great guy. m 
 Dan Reck 
 Sweet-um, Howdy.  Does your AOL work after I go into the work VPN? m 
 FYI, there is no official meeting with Chavez. m 
 All,  At our offsite in Miami next week, each of you are on the agenda to present your business and goals.  This will be very short, only 20 minutes (an agenda will soon follow but we will have a business meeting from 8am - 11:30am on Saturday).  Please prepare a few of pages on power point and submit to Cathy Phillips so that she can have all the presentations ready for that Saturday morning.  Attached below is a copy of the abbreviated goals that I submitted to Frevert, summarizing EGM's 2001 goals.  Please do not hesitate to change the list and add to it, it is only a guide and was used as a quick reference of EGM for the Enron board.  After this meeting, I will take each of your presentations and make a more comprehensive goals and objectives list for EGM as a business unit.  Also please add some of your other specific goals that illustrate where you want to be by year end regarding your competitive position and/or market share.  For example, to be the largest marketer of coal in the US, to be the largest options player in crude and products, or what ever is appropriate.  Also attached, for your information, is a recent  presentation from the coal group.  We thought that this was an excellent format and review.  In the upcoming weeks, we would like to see an update on each of your businesses as well.  I will let you know more in the next few weeks about the timing and format.  Thanks, Mike 
 Hi John -  I thought I would let you know that Mike McConnell will be in London on business on Friday and therefore will be unable to attend.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips X-36898 
 Virginia, we did get the package but can't address right now.  thanks, m 
 John,  This just got sent and it appears you were left of the cc list.  We will be discussing with your guys this week to determine the best way forward. Everyone is under earnings pressure and it is asking too much for someone to dedicate 10-20% of their time on a product.  The intent of this email is not to take people but to add people to the offices, if necessary, to make sure they live, eat and drink weather.  We can discuss when I'm in later this week.  Mike 
 FYI 
 John, attached below is my first draft.  It isn't pretty and i would like you comments and changes.  Please make changes directly on the word doucment and send back asap.  thanks, m 
 Randy, Thanks for the update.  I like your plan.  I like the McKinsey part as well.   Please make sure that Suzanne understands the plan and that you John and Larry agree on the way forward.  If there are any issues, please let Jeff or me know.. m 
 Pelt, I thought you would like this.  I hope all is well.  Everything is great in Houston. m 
 In case you haven't seen this. Hope all is well.  Things are great here. mike 
 Ken,  I'm back.  Sorry for the delay.  It's been crazy here and I'm very backed up on emails especially the fun ones like this.  My brief moment in print (very brief) certainly hasn't gone to my head especially as an Enron  "B" teamer.  In response to your worker bee comment, I can certainly say "buzz" but not someone who can sell that many shares of stock!  You are the king.  Your last email was good and I'm not sure I can respond adequately but at least I didn't get help!  You win......but you still owe me lunch.  Mike 
 I thought you would get a kick out of this. m 
 Good luck and let us know, including Rebecca and her team. thanks, m 
 please print in color, bind and return this afternoon. thanks, m 
 fine 
 thanks, m 
 Jeff,  I made a few suggestions and retyped in the document for your consideration.  I added a few words and changed the order.  If you don't like them, go ahead and change them back and send out.  Thanks, m 
 Shanna, talk with Rick but he will be working until June or July then he will retire and be available as a consultant to us. m 
 Yes it is.  Listening to clients, a great business model! m 
 Approved. John Nowlan will make sure that someone from Net Works sees it as well so if they get a call they can discuss it. m 
 Mike McConnell asked me to send you a message saying that the sidebar looks fine.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks.  Cathy Phillips X-36898 
 I like it, that is where I am staying! m 
 Dan,  Eric hasn't called me but if he does you know I'll help. m 
 Thanks for the update.  We'll discuss again when I am over next week. m 
 George,  I just talked to Rich.  I told him about the timing of the settlement proposal and that we should hear back late next week.  I also suggested that if we get a negative response, that you and i would give him a call and update.   He is being patient but I have a feeling that it has its limits. His response is logical to this point because as he stated, there should be a lot of money in this for both parties and thus a commercial settlement.  Mike 
 Jeff, I called Joe this morning and left him a pre-email voicemail on this.  I referenced the power of 100% focus and the accountability for someone driving the earnings and his pressure to make earnings in trading and electricity.  I like your email and tone.  I would like to recommend you add a statement about Morten being very strong and that we aren't attempting to "own" him vs. having a 100%  dedicated weather guy.  I would also add that you want to talk him about this and how we could move quickly to complete our global vision with tawney.  MIke 
 Randy, I would be happy to sign it with legal approval and Tim Detriming's group must also see it to make sure that we are not obligating ourselves to anything else that is going on around the corporation.  Maffet knows the drill.  mike 
 Jeff, here is Gary's review.  It is still on the wrong template and I'll correct today.  Please review carefully and make changes and return. tx m 
 John, Thanks, I'll talk with him. m 
 Jeff, attached is Georges review for tomorrow.  Please review thoroghly, add and make changes and be sure to check for errors.  There is no spell check on the PEP system.  Please review and attache the document and return for signature.  thanks, mike 
 Please remove Mike McConnell from this distribution list.  Thank you. 
 Jeff Shankman.  Steve Kean will also look in occasionally. m 
 Thanks, Great job, I thought the trip was great and productive.  Maybe next time we'll meet the pres. m 
 Jeff, My brother had this guy call him and he forwarded his resume.  Do you know him?  Any interest? If you do, please forward on. Thanks, mike 
 Lea,  You called yesterday.  I am swamped and unavailable.  On Jeff Koons, I am sure that Jeff talked with you last week and he shared his insight from other dealers at your dinner and his comments.  It sounds like we should let him go and not pursue.  I was going to talk with Skilling that day and elected to drop it after that.  See you on Monday.  Mike 
 Jeff, I couldn't open the attachment and there was no name reference.  Who is this? m 
 Renee, Wow!  I was so happy to get your email.  Congrats.  You guys make a cute couple.  I'll try to attend, it is on the calendar. mike 
 All,  After filling out and gathering all the feedback forms in the last couple of weeks, Jeff and I just realized that we forgot to ask everyone for an accomplishment list from each of you.  We have had a very successful 2001 so far and we need to be able to discuss each group and your personal mid-year in detail.  Please send us an email with your accomplishments so that we have all the facts during the PRC process.  This doesn't need to be formal but simply put together and email to both of us for the appropriate time.  Thanks, Mike and Jeff 
 Any interest? - Maybe for Randy or Doug? m 
 pls print in color m 
 Larry, listed below are the 3 goals i put in for your group.  This was fine= =20 for today but please review and make any changes needed to be more accurate= =20 and also to add detail.  Finance and Structuring ? Create $15 million in gross margin and $12 million in EBIT ? Create earnings and structures that utilities Enron=01,s=01, structures t= o=20 minimize balance sheet and maximize earnings and cash flows ? Create funds flow of $150 million and net cash flow of $59 million  thanks, m 
 thanks for the quick and thorough response. m 
 Thanks for your thorough and prompt response 
 Per,  Today, I submitted a brief summary of each groups 2001 goals.  I wasn't able to talk to you before putting these out but they were fine for step one. Please review  and make any changes you wish to them.  I also need you to add as many specifics as possible.  For example number of transactions, $ amounts, etc.  Please read and make the changes on this email and return to me asap.  Keep your goals to no more than 5.  Global Risk Markets ? Create $38 million in gross margin and $26 million in EBIT ? Complete and market and execute transactions in three primary technologies:  double trigger, upstream term-working interest and power price risk  Thanks, mike 
 Mark,  Listed below are the goals i initially submitted for your group for 2001. = =20 Please take a moment and review, change and add details to make it more=20 clear.  These worked for step 1 but i now need more detail - e.g. describe= =20 your long term transactions again.  Please amend on this email below and=20 return asap.  Weather ? Create $38 million in gross margin and $24 million in EBIT ? Implement a fully integrated global front to back weather system=20 ? Lever Enron=01,s scope and scale to create a true global group that can= =20 capitalize on opportunities around the world to executive global arbs and= =20 global meteorological opportunities ? Originate 3 additional SMUD (dual trigger) like transactions; 1 structure= d=20 tax related transaction and at least 1 new structured financial transaction  Thanks, m 
 Gary, Listed below are the goals that i sent in for your financial trading group.= =20 please review and make changes on this email as you wish.  Also please add= =20 details to each dot point that would make it measurable and successful for= =20 2001.  Please take a few minutes and make changes and return asap.  Financial Trading ? Create $110 million in gross margin and $80 million in EBIT ? Expand Enron=01,s successful equity trading group into other areas that c= an=20 take advantage of Enron=01,s network and competitive advantages in existing= =20 businesses ? Establish agriculture origination and trading business (starting with=20 coffee, sugar, cocoa) ? Establish equity trading group in London and a smaller group in Tokyo  Thanks, m 
 Eric, I came up with a few goals and objectives for each group within EGM.  These= =20 are what i came up with for LNG and which included some information from Ri= ck.  Please review and add (and change the language) as you believe better=20 represents your business.  Also I need additional specifics where possible.  LNG ? Create $60 million in gross margin and $50 million in EBIT ? Create a portfolio of positions including supply sources, shipping and=20 markets to open and generate a new markets for LNG globally that can maximi= ze=20 and take advantage of the highest net backs ? Develop an online market for LNG on EnronOnline ? Close and deliver spot transactions around the world that illustrates Enr= on=01, s ability to change the industry=20 ? Close Project Jose; successfully manage the supply and shipping positions= =20 around Dabhol=20   Please amend on this email and return asap. thanks, m 
 John, =20  Listed below are the goals that i drafted for Crude and Products from your= =20 voicemail.  Please review and make changes including adding specific=20 information (eg:  number of deals, volumes, specific types of transactions,= =20 etc.) to each dot point.  Also please don't hesitate to change the way it i= s=20 worded.  Please respond tomorrow if possible or as soon as you get back.=20   Crude and Products ? Create $150 million in gross margin and $83 million in EBIT ? Develop mid-market liquidity around defined books ? Develop long term structured origination group to generate earnings,=20 compliment or mitigate existing trading positions and build deal flow ? Extend into new and key business opportunities to exploit Enron=01,s natu= ral=20 gas and power businesses Develop a physical presence by moving xxxxx bbls/day in US and xxxx=20 internationally  Thanks, m 
 fyi 
 Please cancel the Palm.Net service effective immediately.  I am no longer using the Palm Pilot and therefore do not need the Palm.Net service.  Thank you for your assistance. 
 Greg,  I received request for our goals on a voicemail while coming back from Venezuela.  I didn't know exactly what you  were looking for or the audience but i have listed a few initial goals and thoughts for each business unit. We are in the process of creating more specific goals for each group for 2001.  Each already has their own but they are not in a final and consistent format.  We have an off-site meeting later this month in which we will address this as a group.  In addition, George and the coal group completed theirs late last week and Mark Tawney is returning tomorrow with re-defined goals as part of the process.  Also, I have attached some new global formats that I received as I was leaving the country on some specific items that we need to insure a successful year.  Most of this information has never been put together before.  I have projected out a 50% growth factor as a starting point and will break this down to specific groups and goals to insure that we will meet these goals.  As you know a lot of this was started when I put together the EGM presentation and gathered information for the analyst meeting.  Let me know if you need something else or if this is not what you are looking for.  Mike 
 Jeff attached are the first drafts of the following reviews.  Please review and make changes on the document itself.  This is not in any final form and will have numerous errors.  Please make corrections as you go along as well. There is no spell check on this form.  Gary and George are tomorrow morning.  Mike 
 DH,  Here is my first draft for Rick's review.  It is not complete and was done on an airplane.  It needs work but I didn't want to hold it up.  Please make any changes and additions on the attached word document and send it back.  Thanks, mike 
 Emilo, A few things that I want to make sure that we have in our briefing package. A map of the region and facility Assessment of country risk address concern that a lot of "old" money (big Landowners) are taking their money out of the country - something we shouldn't ignore Update on other Ven. activities for ENE   Other How is this going to work with translators? Earlier meetings with Ministers? We want to have a dinner the night before with key people  We are now flying out after the meeting on Friday on the company plane.  Mike 
 Shanna,  I certainly believe that Jennifer is better than Kim.  Jeff is certainly the appropriate judge but she is very young and has a lot yet to learn.  This comment is not meant as a cut down at all.   John's questionable judgement shouldn't just be trumped however.  My thoughts, m 
 Shanna, I'm supportive of the raise to $150k.  I think he is doing a good job and has a lot of value.  He didn't fair well during the ranking due to lack of big $ or closure but maybe this will send him a good message.  Thanks, m 
 Please distribute the following message to all of Enron Wholesale Services= =20 this evening.  Please use the Enron Global Markets - Office of the Chairman= =20 letterhead.  Please send a copy of the message to Cathy Phillips (X-36898)= =20 for review prior to the message being distributed.  Thank you.   Enron Global Markets ended the year with a great deal of momentum and with= =20 very high expectations for 2001.  In order to better focus and expand the= =20 various businesses within Global Markets, we are pleased to announce the=20 following organizational changes.  Crude and Products This group is being re-organized into product lines in order to better focu= s=20 and maximize coverage and increase our market-making abilities.  The=20 following individuals leading these groups report directly to John Nowlan.  Global Crude Oil Don Schroeder and Bill White will manage our global crude oil books.  Don= =01,s=20 emphasis will be on the development and expansion of our physical crude=20 positions both domestically and abroad.  Bill will manage the various=20 financial crude positions globally and will focus on developing these books= .  Distillate Chris Mahoney will have responsibility of all distillate positions.  Chris= =20 will focus on developing our global distillate strategy, building the=20 business both physically and financially.  Global Fuel Oil Niamh Clarke will expand her role managing our global fuel oil and resid=20 positions.  Emphasis will be placed on re-establishing Enron in the financi= al=20 fuel market in the US and developing a physical fuel strategy.  Global Gasoline and Components Jim Goughary will assume responsibility for our global gasoline and=20 components business.  Following up on our expansion into the European marke= t=20 in 2000, we look forward to Jim expanding our presence in the US as well as= =20 Asian Markets.  Global LPG Erik Hansen and Adam Gross will be responsible for the development and=20 execution of our global LPG trading and strategy.  Under their guidance we= =20 look to expand our presence into the Asian Pacific markets, as well as=20 continuing to grow our US and European operations.  Petrochemical and Plastics Stuart Bland and Douglas Friedman will be responsible for the continued=20 development and growth of our petrochemical and plastics business.  They wi= ll=20 work to further expand both our physical and financial presence in these=20 markets.  Fuel Management Doug Leach will continue in his role developing our fuel management busines= s=20 as well as other long-term structural transactions.=20  Global Origination Randy Maffett has joined the group to lead, develop and grow all global=20 origination activities for the group.  Randy=01,s most recent assignment wa= s in=20 restructuring several equity investments for ENA. =20  Enron Freight This new group under the leadership of Dan Reck is developing a business in= =20 the inter-modal transportation area in the United States.  Shawn Cumberland= =20 has joined this group to lead and expand the origination opportunities in= =20 this business.  Shawn=01,s most recent assignment was as COO of the CALME r= egion.  Global Risk Management Jere Overdyke has elected to leave Enron after almost 10 years of service. = =20 Per Sekse will take over the leadership of this very exciting and growing= =20 business.  Per is located in Enron=01,s New York office but will be spendin= g a=20 significant amount of his time in Houston.  We look forward to this year and feel the above changes will provide the=20 focus and momentum we need to deliver a record performance in 2001.  Please congratulate everyone on their new assignments. 
 Bruce, I've been out of the office until Monday afternoon since the day of our meeting.  I forwarded your presentation to several individuals that night. I'll follow back with them and get back to you. thanks, m 
 Jeff, Interesting.  Do you like this guy?  What about Crude and products origination working for Randy?  On the LNG front we should look at him if you like him but i don't think it is a no brainer.  Neal will be coming on in 2 weeks, do we need him?  Maybe we do. m 
 Tuesday is fine but i do need it. m 
 Thanks, m    Enron North America Corp. 
 Jeff and John,  Attached is the most recent draft of the reorg announcement.  Cathy will have this ready to go out tomorrow, close of business.  Please review again and mark up any changes that you believe are required.  Please read the Per and Randy section carefully for errors and wording.  JN, Please change wording for Randy's most recent assignment, i put something down as a marker.  Also come up with a 1 sentence lead for Randy on the expected growth and opportunities around his efforts.  Please read carefully for better wording and errors.  Return to Cathy by 2 pm and we will make final changes and send it out at 6pm.  Thanks, Mike 
 Tom,  In response to our discussion, attached is Fritz's resume.  It doesn't prin= t=20 well.  As i mentioned earlier, I have know him for many years and was his= =20 employee and then his business partner.  I exited the business when we were= =20 ready to go public (which never happened as planned).  His company went und= er=20 a couple years after that. =20  Fritz is an amazing self made man.  He is the consummate salesman and would= =20 be (and he now has some background) a great trainer.  He works tirelessly a= nd=20 has a great deal of energy and sales experience.  At one point he was=20 considered to be one of the top natural gas transport experts in the US and= =20 that is where he made his millions at Excel.  He lost all of it in the end.  He needs help and has come to me for consulting work or a job.  Robert Jone= s,=20 VP for HR for Wholesale - Networks, worked with him and he did some work fo= r=20 us and was pleased with the training work.  He is also considering other=20 options.  I thought he might fit somewhere in your organization because of his sales,= =20 marketing and ability to work with a wide variety of  customers.  EES has s= o=20 many different types of jobs and skill sets.  I would be very grateful if you or Beth would interview him and see if ther= e=20 is a fit somewhere in the organization.  I would really appreciate it if on= e=20 of you would take 30 minutes and see if there is a fit anywhere.  Thank you very much.  I consider this a favor and one that might just work= =20 out.  Sincerely, Mike 
 Marty,  I can't attend and sent it on to Jeff Shankman.  I really like the concept and would like to see the end product and the presentations.  Are you taping it?  Its a great idea and format.  Thanks for inviting me.  Mike 
 FYI, I think this is interesting.  I won't be able to attend but do you have any time to see some of this.  The morning looks interesting.  What do you think? m 
 I would really like that.  I don't have any specific suggestions. mike 
 Howdy, I could not open the attachment.  Could you please resend or cut and paste it into the body of the email. thanks, mike 
 John,  This is a follow-up to our earlier discussion.  I would like to have you lay out our physical crude needs to become a player a long with some action steps to accomplish the goal.  I don't want to forget about this because I believe it may be something we need to assign someone or a mid-market or originator or team to accomplish.  I would like to see foreign and domestic. I see this as one of our possible competitive advantages or at least to solve the problem of not being in the know and getting second hand info or pricing.  Thanks, mike 
 Robert,  Thanks,  I've talked with EES - Tom White and I will forward on his resume for consideration.  I will also talk with Stan Horton.  Mike 
 Ken,  I had to respond.  Speaking of bitch....all of the Cornhusker fans are bitching about Stoops not  taking the head coach position at the Cleveland Browns or any other job that will get him out of their backyard.  By the way, Stoops just started working on his book "OU's 7th Football National Championship"; Chapter 3, Who are the Huskers?  mike 
 Paul, I am in the early stages of planning my next run to Singapore and Sydney.  I was thinking about bringing my wife and staying over a couple of days (or a week).  What is the weather like in July and are you going to be there? Thanks, Mike 
 Paul,  FYI, you were invited to our off-site because we felt that our businesses were so linked together and that we could all get on the same page with regard to updates, vision and relationship building.  We also invited Joe and Thor as the only other non-EGM people.  If you can make it would be great but we do know how difficult it is to make it over.  I did hear your California request and it could happen.  We haven't found the right place yet. California is experiencing serious blackouts and it could be difficult. We'll be in touch.  Cheers, mike 
 Joe,  FYI, you were invited to our off-site because we felt that our businesses were so linked together and that we could all get on the same page with regard to updates, vision and relationship building.  We also invited Paul and Thor as the only other non-EGM people.  If you can make it would be great but we do know how difficult it is to make it over.  Cheers, mike 
 Thor,  I am sorry that you can't make it but please don't worry about it.  We wanted to invite you as an important business leader and give you an update on our businesses and also have you share your vision and accomplishments of your great work in Norway.  We intended to only invite 3 non-EGM officers, Joe Hirl, Paul Quilkey and you.  I hope you have a great holiday.  Cheers, mike 
 Mark, I thought you would enjoy seeing our banter.  Any suggestions at  a good comeback. m 
 Actually, I believe that may be correct.  I verified it in the new book by Tom Osborn,  How OU dominated my coaching career - my only losing record in Coaching.  It was a best seller. m 
 Virginia,  Hello.  I was originally inquiring about purchasing a Cross or Signac impressionist lithograph.  I found them and purchased both from a gallery in London, William Weston.  They should be delivered this week.  They are beautiful and will add a lot to our collection.  By the way the Lichtenstein is up and hanging in our formal living room and it is magnificent.  I have also purchased an Appel in the last month.  I am interested in several artists.  Actually, a lot.  I will be looking for one or more of the following.  My concept is that overtime I would like to own one of all the following artists and they are all depending when I find something that we really like.  I listed all of our (sometimes mine vs. my wife's favorites and priorities).  They are kind of in rank order but as I stated if I find the piece that I like we will purchase it.  I want signed and numbered.  I realize that some were not signed by the artist but it is an important fact in my buying decision.  I also realize that some may not have done any works on paper or they are outrageously expensive.  For example, I would like to know if Rothko or Kline did any work on paper.  At least that is what I am thinking now.  Bonnard (colorful only) Lautrec Suerat (any works on paper? - I don't know that he did any) Other impressionist or post impressionist lithos Braque Moore Arp Rouault Modrian Rothko Kline Motherwell  By the way, I am interested in re-looking at a Picasso (although we have 2) that your gallery had a couple of years ago.  It was a cubist piece from the 1920s and I believe you called the technique a "push wa" (pronunciation Vs an attempt at the proper spelling).  It was for sale in a couple of galleries in SF and was about $20,000.  Is there 1 available?  Also I am still thinking about the Matisse we discussed before but as you can see, I have a lot of other artists I am interested in and it may remain on the back burner because we already have one.  Thanks, mike 
 Huskers drool over Sooners. 
 Jeff, here is the intial draft.  Please leave as a word document and make any changes and additions that you think necessary.  I haven't even changed the wording after I first put it down.  Mike 
 Mark, I thought you would enjoy the comment about you. m 
 Thanks for the note.   Sooners rule.  We'll find time when things settle down. m 
 Mike McConnell asked me to contact you to set up a 30 minute meeting next week.  Please let me know if you are available to meet on Monday, Jan. 22nd at 4:30 p.m. or Wednesday, Jan. 24th at 11:15 a.m.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips 713-853-6898 
 The Enron Global Markets - Office of the Chairman has scheduled an off-site planning session for February 23-25, 2001. (Please disregard any previous date information you may have received.)  It is very important that each person on the distribution list of this message mark their calendar now and make every effort to attend the off-site session.  The information for the off-site meeting is as follows:  Date/Time: Friday, February 23rd through Sunday, February 25th  Location: The Delano Hotel Miami Beach, Florida  Arrangements have been made for hotel reservations for each person.  However, each attendee is responsible for their own flight arrangements.  Flight suggestions and more detailed off-site information will be forwarded as soon as it has been finalized.  In order to provide an accurate head-count to the hotel, it is important that you confirm your attendance today (Friday) by contacting Jennifer Burns at X-39440 or jennifer.burns@enron.com by 2:00 p.m.  If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Jennifer or Cathy Phillips at X-36898.  We look forward to seeing you at the off-site.  Thank you. 
 Simone, Please change the heading under the transaction summary from "Global Products" to "Global Markets". Thanks, mike 
 Now you're committed! m 
 For your followup and confirmation. thanks,m 
 Doug, that is up to you and John. m 
 Rick,  thanks.  I will listen in occasionally as well. m 
 FYI, here is the latest updated presentation. mike 
 Kathie,  Thank you for your email.  I've been out and all over the world.  I appreciate your help on this article.  Attached is a copy of a presentation that will fill you in on some of the businesses that we are working on.  This should give you some ideas and clarifications on the first draft.  Here are a few other points of emphasis.  EGM was created to provide sharpened focus on very large global markets and commodities to enable them to grow quickly These markets are huge and we will become a big player rather than being active in them EGM provideds true network for market making opportunities related to commodities that are highly liquid in physical and financial terms and are enormous in market size EGM leverages the value of Enron's existing network and international asset positions EGM's operation will coordinate with leveraging all of our wholesale businesses EGM has very aggressive growth targets in transactions and earnings EGM has contributed almost $200 million in gross margin in its first  2 quarters in existence Go big or go home philosophy EGM will represent a clear transfer of  Enron wholesale market making model into other commodities this year GROWTH is the key!!!   Thanks for your help.  Mike 
 CP, Please forward her a bio, to save time, and schedule the time with her. thanks, 'm 
 Christie, a couple of comments on the 3rd paragraph on page 11.  It is up to you to decide if it is worth correcting.  I didn't know if you had a chance to make the writing better or simply correct mistakes.  1.  Page 11:  I was president of Houston Pipe Line and Louisiana Resources Company.    The term, "Enron pipeline subsidiary" isn't real or correct.  You could also restate with, head of Enron's non-regulated pipelines, head of two pipelines, head of an Enron pipeline subsidiary ; something like that. 2.  Page 11:  On the 5th sentence, it is mixing a couple of thoughts.  I would like to add something like, (after officer,) and establishing a unified vision, 3.  Page 11:  typo.  There needs to be an "an" in the last sentence before the word extension.  Thanks, mike 
 Allison, Philippe can be contacted via email at philippe.a.bibi@enron.com or by phone at 713 - 853-7698. Thanks and good luck. mike 
 Cool.  Tape is on the way via Fed ex.  See you in a couple of months and we are on for the tour championship. m 
 Cathy, Starting next week I want to join in.  please put on my calendar. thanks, m 
 fyi m 
 Cindy, I have addressed this previously with Jeff and Louise Kitchen.  We have no interest.  Please co-ordinate with Robert and make sure that someone sends him a nice rejection letter. Thanks, Mike 
 Thanks for your hospitality.  We had a great time. Sooners rule!  It was unbelievable being at the game. mike 
 Tom, I am fine with this but our effective date is a call of fairness that depends on your view of the middle east adjustment.  I don't want to be hard on this and get back a bigger number on middle east by default.  Its up to you and your judgement on what you think is appropriate and or a trade with Europe. I am fine with your ultimate decision. Mike 
 John,  Here is a brief email on a possible resolution for the European/Oslo  weather situation.  Mark sent this draft to me last weekend but i haven't had time to review it this week.  Personally, I think that this is the wrong answer from a Corporate perspective but this issue keeps hanging around and isn't worth any more of our time.  For what it is worth, I think our communication strategy did make a big difference but didn't get us exactly where we needed to be.  These groups will be expected (and held accountable) for good and consistent communication on an ongoing basis as well.   For a P&L that is this small (and negative) we are all spending too much time on this.  There is more to this story but I think we should just drop it and move on to bigger and better things.  I am certainly not wedded to any of this but would rather focus on all the other issues and problems on my plate.  Let's discuss upon your return on our weekly call.  Thanks and I hope your vacation was relaxing.  Mike  ps-this hasn't been shared outside the group on the email. 
 Yes, even better then that! m 
 Greg,  Mark and I would like to thank you again for your efforts to get us on at Doral.  We had a great time and got a chance to meet Tom.  He was a gracious host and please pass on another thank you for us.  Mike McConnell 
 Allison,  Thank you very much for the email and request.  As much as i an very proud of our accomplishments while being responsible for Global Technology, I am still of the opinion that Philippe Bibi is the best and most qualified candidate from Enron.   Enron has changed its culture and business around technology and EnronOnline alone changed the way our business operates.  EOL ended the year over with over $330 billion in transactions.  EOL was only 1 part of our transformation however.  Thanks again and good luck with your award.  Sincerely, Mike McConnell 
 Mary,  I would be happy to talk with anyone about this.  The story did have some mistakes.  Tom was correct in his statements.  By the way, I never saw the draft before it ran.  I think I would have caught the errors.   If I saw it before the printing, I must have simply said ok without reading it but neither Cathy nor i remember an email on it.  Mike 
 Jonny,  Wow what a week.  I still can't believe it.  I will have the video in mail overnight on Monday.  Sorry for the delay.  Let me know if you got another copy and don't need it.  Thanks again for the tickets and for driving.  It was fun being with Trey.  I hope B is feeling better and that you had a great time celebrating Madeline's birthday.  I can't believe you have a teenager.  We are getting old.  I was showing my ticket off this morning to everyone and someone mentioned the price of the ticket.  $175!  I didn't realize that when you gave it to me.  I really don't want your dad picking that up for the two of us.  I didn't mind his hospitality at $50 bucks but i simply didn't realize they were that much -  I 've never been to the big dance before.  If your dad wasn't comped the tickets from OU, Mark and I would like to reimburse him.  Please let me know the situation.  Cheers and Boomer Sooner, mike 
 Thanks for the email.  The game was great and my throat still hurts.  I've never been to a better event or had as much fun.  I'll be calling Roberts.  mike 
 All,  I came back from the big dance last night.  It was a real privilege to be there.  I've been to 15 OU/TX games and the energy, excitement and overall electricity in the orange bowl beat them all put together.  It was wild and a moment that I will never forget. Bob Stoops for president!  He is the king.  The best was at the end of the game (and everyone stayed around celebrating until about 1:30 am) when they said, "there was the Wilkenson era, there was the Switzer era and welcome to the Stoops era.  Oklahoma is back".  Boomer Sooner,  Mike 
 Hi Charlene -  Is this a different reception from the one we have on Mike McConnell's calendar for January 16th?  Unfortunately, Mike will be at an off-site meeting on the 11th and I do not know if he can make it back in time for a 4:30 reception.  Thanks.  Cathy P. X-36898    Enron North America Corp. 
 Pelt, we are at the Hyatt - Coral Gables:  305 - 441-1234  Mike 
 Greg, thanks a lot for your help.  This is a great surprise. mike 
 thanks for the update.  be sure and get on my calendar when you are in town. Call Brent Price (our CAO) at 713 853 7647 for additional help on Mtm.  He is very good.  Good luck, m 
 cool. m 
 Thanks, I had not seen it.  Happy New year. m 
 Pup,  Hope your holiday is going great.  Talked with your office and got your Telluride number but you guys must be out playing.  OU game is coming quickly.  Chris is not going down, Mark and I only, and we are arriving to Miami on Tuesday afternoon and staying at the Hyatt.  We are out on Thursday afternoon.  Golf on Wednesday afternoon at Doral.  It should make for a fun trip.  When are you guys going down and where are you staying?  We need to set up a time to get together and to get the tickets.  Have you heard anything on Hieple (bad spelling) arm?  If he is healthy I would take the points!  We have made reservations for Continental for spring break but need to make sure that the timing is fine before we confirm.  We plan to fly out on Tuesday and return on Saturday.  I have a scheduling problem to get there any earlier.  Give me a call if it is convenient, (713) 853-1450.  I've got a very light schedule on Friday, or you can email, whichever is easier.  See you in a couple of days!  Love to all, Mike  Go ENE stock, we back to 85! 
 FYI 
 My January is very bad, how about early Feb? Mike 
 John,=20  I hope you and Lorraine are having a great holiday season. =20  Sorry for the slow reply but I tried to only work on critical items over m= y=20 holiday.  Yes, this is only a marketing desk and it really only includes 1= =20 person, Ross,  who doesn't want to move to Oslo.  I didn't think it was a b= ig=20 thing and that is why I didn't get back with you.  It wasn't a big part of= =20 the memo and i didn't focus a lot on it.  I would expect him to co-ordinate= =20 daily with Thor.  I believe he works for Thor but we didn't  address it in= =20 the discussion or memo.  I'll watch it and see if it becomes an issue.  I d= o=20 know that Mark and Thor have talked about it and I believe Thor likes Ross= =20 and is OK with his function in London.  We are not attempting to recreate t= he=20 wheel in London or around Thor. =20 See you when you come to town.  Mike 
 All,  I am developing the presentation for the upcoming January analyst meeting. EGM will be featured.  The presentation is being compiled, and everyone has provided input on the overall EGM presentation, but i am also developing my speaking and emphasis points.  With that in mind, please send me a return email with a few dot points that you want me to be sure an emphasize regarding your business.  I have given a few specific areas below but if you have any other general items please don't hesitate to add them.  Key customer benefits Enron competitive advantages Key growth areas Deal example(s)  Thanks, Mike 
 Brent, Excellent update.  I would like to see the breakdown by pieces for a potential write-down especially volume difference only and look at a 1 year adjustment to begin. Thanks, Mike 
 Hi Chris -  Mike asked me to respond on his behalf to find out exactly which dates you are referring to in your message below.  We were assuming January 3rd and 4th, but we did not want to assume incorrectly.  If you are indeed referring to January 3rd and 4th, please note that Mike McConnell will be out of town January 2nd through the 4th, returning to the office on January 5th.  Please let us know if you will be available on any other dates.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips 713-853-6898 
 Dianne, Thanks for the kind words.  Yes toastmaster has been a big influence in my life.  I talk about it often and attribute a great deal of my success to that.  I do large speeches quite often and its all back to our morning meetings and they seem like they were a lifetime ago. thanks, m 
 David,  Thanks for the nice note.  I hope you and your family are having a great holiday season.  Please don't hesitate to call me if you come in for a meeting, it would be great to see you again.  Sincerely, mike 
 Jimmie, Thanks for the email.  Sorry for the slow response, vacation.  I am out that day but i really appreciate the invite.  Happy holidays. m 
 more from amanda m 
 What do you think?  He came very highly recommended from Amanda via voicemail. m 
 Jeff, Below is an email from John.  Please let me know how to respond.  I know yo= u=20 guys talked about this.  Thor was in the loop here wasn't he?  I know we to= ok=20 out the Thor reporting piece but in reality they do report up through him. = =20 How many people do we expect in London?  John and I did talk about this and= I=20 didn't really think of it lately.  Mike 
 As indicated in the message Thursday from Cathy Phillips, please send the= =20 following message to all groups within Enron Wholesale Services this=20 evening.  Also, as requested, please use the Enron Global Markets - Office = of=20 the Chairman letterhead and send the proof before final distribution.  Plea= se=20 send the final proof as quickly as possible.  If you have any questions,=20 please contact Jennifer Burns at X-39440.  Thanks. 
 All,  Here is the latest draft.  Please make any changes you want and return. Paper mark up is best.  Also please leave as a separate word document if you do it via email  for ease of changing and converting to email late afternoon.  Cathy, please review for your normal grammar and corrections.  I realize that this is a draft but it will help to have your changes early even though we will be making additional changes in the afternoon.  Larry, I would like your feedback and commentary as well.  Thanks, mike 
 Yes, CP, please include. m 
 Rachael, I left him a couple of voicemails with feedback including answering some of his questions on Joe. mike 
 Me too.  It does help everyonce in a while.  Thanks. m 
 FYI. m 
 Eric, is this still a problem or did you get what you needed? m 
 Thanks.  Not impressive. mike 
 Thanks, m 
 Paul, Thanks.  I am making changes and taking out the word "trading" wherever possible and I will send you a revised copy when it is ready.  Mike 
 John,  thanks for the comments.  Absolutely on the trader comment, I forgot.  I like the ag business and we are looking at several oppts and making a final determination in Q1.  I also think "softs" is a big oppt that is probably worth pursuing.  More later. I like the weather idea as well.  On another note, I met this guy when I spoke at the AA Energy symposium.  He runs a power business (i think) in Portugal.  He has attempted to talk to someone at Enron in Europe but hasn't heard back.  He has given me his email address and requested a contact.  Would you please make sure that someone follows up with him.  Company:  Finertec, SA (?) luis.reis@finertec.pt  Thanks, Mike 
 May help on hotel rooms m 
 I double clicked 1 person away on my personal mailing list.  I noticed it right after it was sent.  Thanks. m 
 Joe,  I have been reading about ePower and potentially building sites.  I know you are clarifying it's activities but until then, I have instructed my guys to respond to ePower when they call and to discuss events (e.g.:  possible LNG re-gas plans for ePower) but to make sure and discuss all activities with you as well.  Let me know if you want something different or want me to email other instructions.  Thanks, Mike 
 Cliff, Here is a revised version with typos corrected. m 
 Akiko, you're very welcome and thanks for everything. mike 
 Mark,  Attached, for your information, is  a copy of a general presentation that I prepared to illustrate and describe EGM's businesses.  This is a presentation that will become a "living" document to communicate our businesses and growth.  I will be making numerous changes as we move closer to the analyst meeting in January but I wanted to give everyone a copy of this version.  Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or comments.  Mike 
 Steve,  Attached, for your information, is  a copy of a general presentation that I prepared to illustrate and describe EGM's businesses.  This is a presentation that will become a "living" document to communicate our businesses and growth.  I will be making numerous changes as we move closer to the analyst meeting in January but I wanted to give everyone a copy of this version.  Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or comments.  Mike 
 Ken and Kevin,  Attached, for your information, is  a copy of a general presentation that I prepared to illustrate and describe EGM's businesses.  This is a presentation that will become a "living" document to communicate our businesses and growth.  I will be making numerous changes as we move closer to the analyst meeting in January but I wanted to give everyone a copy of this version.  With all of your history on these businesses, I thought you might be interested in our approach and description.  Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or comments.  Mike 
 All,  Attached, for your information, is  a copy of a general presentation that I prepared to illustrate and describe EGM's businesses.  This is a presentation that will become a "living" document to communicate our businesses and growth.  I will be making numerous changes as we move closer to the analyst meeting in January but I wanted to give everyone a copy of this version.  Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or comments.  Mike 
 John and Michael,  Attached, for your information, is  a copy of a general presentation that I prepared to illustrate and describe EGM's businesses.  This is a presentation that will become a "living" document to communicate our businesses and growth.  I will be making numerous changes as we move closer to the analyst meeting in January but I wanted to give everyone a copy of this version.  Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or comments.  Mike 
 Guys,  Attached, for your information, is  a copy of a general presentation that I prepared to illustrate and describe EGM's businesses.  This is a presentation that will become a "living" document to communicate our businesses and growth.  I will be making numerous changes as we move closer to the analyst meeting in January but I wanted to give everyone a copy of this version.  Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or comments.  Mike 
 Rebecca,,  Attached, for your information, is  a copy of a general presentation that I prepared to illustrate and describe EGM's businesses.  This is a presentation that will become a "living" document to communicate our businesses and growth.  I will be making numerous changes as we move closer to the analyst meeting in January but I wanted to give everyone a copy of this version.  Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or comments.  Mike 
 All,  Attached, for your information, is  a copy of a general presentation that I prepared to illustrate and describe EGM's businesses.  This is a presentation that will become a "living" document to communicate our businesses and growth.  I will be making numerous changes as we move closer to the analyst meeting in January but I wanted to give everyone a copy of this version.  Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or comments.  Mike 
 Jeff,  Sorry, I can't participate on Saturday.  I have serious commitments that I can't break specifically on Saturday.  I know that we are short people and I do take this process very seriously.  Mike    Enron North America Corp. 
 George, thanks for the email and update.  We do want an update on a daily basis but don't want you to spend time typing everything up.  I think VMs are faster. thanks, m 
 CP, please get a copy from Jason and send asap. thanks, 'm 
 Pup,  Mark and I are confirmed with flights.  Chris is not coming.  Where are you staying, any good hotel ideas.  Mark had a room for 1 night by the stadium but now i think we will fly in on Tues early afternoon and mess around Miami and therefor  may want to stay closer to the city.  Any thoughts?  When are you guys flying in?  mike 
 CP, Please call and set up a meeting time for 1 hour in Houston with Cindy Olson.  Don will also bring others.  Please set up. Thanks, m 
 Don,  Howdy,  Yes I am going to Miami.  How could i not go!  I still cant believe it actually.  Sorry I 've dropped the ball on setting up a meeting with your company.  I did talk with  Cindy Olson, HR - EVP and she would like to meet.  I just forgot after our last exchange.  Please send me back and email with your telephone number and I'll have Cathy Phillips my assistant set up a meeting.  Thanks, m 
 Cliff,  Thanks for lunch.  I always really enjoy getting together and talking about life and our businesses.  Attached are the two presentations we discussed.  A little airplane (or boat, sorry, ship) reading.  I would appreciate any feedback.  I'll be making significant changes as I get ready for the analyst meetings.  Thanks, Mike 
 thanks m 
 Interesting guy to look at. m 
 Brent, I would like to illustrate the growth of our commodities to show why this a  great business unit and why this is a big focus for wholesale.  Also we will use all of this for the Jan analyst meeting.  Please compile some facts on each business by 1. number of transactions 2. revenues 3. on line growth of each 4. size of each commodity;  e.g.:  number of barrels traded, tons of coal, tons of freight, etc. 5. other metrics that you think will illustrate the point  Go back as many years as you can get data.  Thanks, mike  Go ahead and send me preliminary copies of the figures as it is being compiled. 
 You've got to have faith. m 
 RAC came by and brought up a couple of concerns.  1- the Var on this deal is over $120m (more than all of ENE combined); they wanted to make me aware of the size, and they know we are working on it. and 2 - EE&CC; they were concerned about them doing the deal and their abilities and effects on MTM treatment.  I told them that they can bid on it but we want others to bid and that we probably won't use them.  They stated that the deal guys are acting like EE&CC is a done deal.  Lets discuss. Thanks, mike 
 FYI and consideration. m 
 Jonny,  Howdy, I bet you had a great time at the game.  I did watch it and it never felt good and I am still amazed at the outcome.  Did it feel different actually being there?  Are you going Miami?  Mark and I may be in.  What about you?  I figured for sure that you are already making plans.  Also, do you think it will be impossible to get tickets?  We are in for spring break.  We will not be able to be there the entire week and we are looking at the exact dates and my schedule - but count us in.  If you get a chance why don't you give me a call and we can catch up.  Mike  PS - Enron stock was down $15/share, ouch.  No partiuclar reason mainlly huge sector movement. 
 Jeff, attached is an expanded 1st draft of the memo.  I would like to keep this expanded format to show the progress that we have made in the group.  Please make any changes and send back for the next round.  After we both look at it 1 more time, we will circulate to the heads of the group for commentary.  I would like to have them feel part of the memo.  Mike 
 Chris, thanks for the email.  I don't have a need.  Thanks for letting us know. mike 
 Elise,  Thanks for the email.  In August i changed jobs and am now the CEO for Enron Global Markets.  I am no longer in the technology sector (although I enjoyed it very much and it was a difficult decision to leave).  Please remove me from your email list for further HTC events.  Thanks and good luck, mike 
 Jeff, I can't sleep and have been cleaning out emails.  Not my favorite past time at 2:30am.  I didn't see the draft reorg memo we've been talking about for a while.  Please send it to me for my review.  I think it is important to get something out and i believe that people expect some changes Thanks, m. 
 I couldn't sleep so ive been doing emails, its looking a little better.  And I didn't get up in the middle of the night and come into the office.  I think I'll try again and can still get a few hours sleep.  I will be in a little later than I expected, I must drop young Michael off to school and cant leave there until 8.  See you in the morning.  Sleepy 
 John, You caught me.  I've been hit again with the bug, the 3rd time in November, and the combination of drugs has me wide awake.  I did promise Chris that I wouldn't run off to the office when this occurs but she didn't tell me I couldn't do a lot of emails from home! - there is always a catch!  Actually I'm back to bed to try again after this one.  Hope all is well in merry old England.  Cheers, Mike 
 Thanks for the email and kind words.  I did recover over thanksgiving and it was nice but I am sick once again and cant' sleep.  I am catchin up on this emai at 2:15 wednesday night.  I will try and go back to bed after this email.  Let me know how the contract goes, i don't see any issues.  I actually thought it got done and that is why i havent heard anything.  Sooners have looked ugly lately, Saturday will not be a good day for the Sooners.  Mike 
 Guys,  I had an interview with a reporter from the Economist yesterday.  He is doing a big story on business changes, online changes, Jeff Skilling and Enron. Coal came up a lot and i described my enthusiasm for our coal business and our growth.  He wants to put some focus on the coal business and i need some facts to get back to him.  What percentage of our coal transactions or business is online? Speed changes on a typical transaction post and pre online? Other changes you see or products to develop International effects Total coal moved (physical and financial) especially online Other competing exchanges and why ours is better Other proEnron facts that illustrate our growing business especially as it relates to paradigm changes or online changes  Please feed me this info and if there is something specific that you don't want me to say let me know that too but go ahead and give me the answer.  I need this information pretty quickly.  Thanks, m 
 Thor, Very creative and i bet everyone had fun.  We need to try it over here.  I bet it would go over here as well.  Thanks for sharing the story. mike 
 Thanks. m 
 Unknown to me.   m 
 approved 
 I glanced at it and it appears fine from my perspective.  Others should make the determination on its effects in the Spanish and European markets. mike mcconnell 
 John, I'm in.  She was outstanding.  If you don't want her, I'll take her!  I have a PRC conflict during the next execom meeting.  If i'm not there please feel free to pass on my strong support.  Cheers, Mike 
 What do you think?  Is this worth my or someone else's time? m 
 Thanks for the article.  I love to read things like this. mike 
 Rebecca, Attached, for your information, is a copy of EGM's 2001 plan.  I don't remember if i sent you a copy earlier.  mike 
 Jeff, here is the 2001 plan.  Sorry, I did send it to Dave D. , John S. and you but I must have blown your address somehow.  Dave and John got theirs.  Mike 
 I sent this to all the guys and forgot to include you on the distribution. m 
 Approved. 
 Assistants - Please remove this brief note and then forward this message fr= om=20 Mike McConnell to everyone in your group today.  Thank you.  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------= --- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------= --- -------  Effective December 15, 2000 Enron Global Markets US employees will begin=20 using XMS (Expense Management System) to process employee expense=20 reimbursements. =20  XMS is a web based employee expense reimbursement system which will provide= =20 the following benefits;  > More timely reimbursements to employees > User friendly Web access > Ability for employee or designated administrative assistant to submit=20 expense reimbursement > Greater efficiency and lower cost  This system will replace our current manual expense reimbursement process. = =20 All employee expense reimbursements for EGM domestic employees submitted=20 after December 15, 2000 should be done via XMS.  Non US based EGM employees= =20 should continue to utilize the same expense reimbursement process that=20 currently exists.  Following are details regarding system access, training & support:  SYSTEM WEB ADDRESS Expense Management System (XMS) can be accessed from your web browser by=20 typing in the address field http://xms.enron.com. =20  LOGON ID: Your ID is your eHRonline ID (begins with the letter "P").  =20  PASSWORD The password for all is upper case ENRON.  The system will guide you throu= gh=20 confirming your information and changing your password.  The Enron Code of= =20 Ethics prohibits the sharing of passwords and logging on as another person.= =20 Please observe Enron=01,s policy.  If you forget your password or have trou= ble=20 logging in, call the Resolution Center at 713-853-1411.  TRAINING From the Enron Home Page (home.enron.com) go to the IT Central Web Page,=20 select Services>Training>Enrollment>XMS. If you have questions, call the training department at 713-853-1816.  DOCUMENTATION Step by Step documentation is also available from IT Central web page; sele= ct=20 Services>Training>Documentation>XMS.  APPLICATION SUPPORT SERVICES For questions about how to use the system, call the SAP/XMS help desk at=20 713-345-4SAP. 
 Howdy,  Kansas City will be great.  Thanks for the invite but I can't go.  I pray that the Nebr. Sooners show up,  not the Sooners of the last 3 weeks.  We really look awful.  Early peak?  That's great news for spring break.  Let me talk to the boss and let her k