 Greg,  Here is the list of prices all out of October 1, 2001  1 year    4.40 2 year    4.61 3 year    4.71 5 year    4.81  "D"    " ++++++"  Jon 
 3 Year 4.72 5 Year 4.81  Cheers.... 
 Mike,  Put me down for two.  Me and the girl friend would love to go to the game.   Let me know if you need me to do anything!  Regards,  Jon 
 What do you think? 
 Jason,  I was looking for some feedback to pass a long to my contact at Cinergy Canada Inc. regarding their ability to trade online.  Is there anyway we can give them a small line.  Thanks,  Jon 
 Kate,  Here is your prices for SMED.  Nov 1 year	4.475 Nov 2 year	4.65 Nov 3 year	4.73 Nov 5 year	4.82  Sorry they took so long.   Good luck,  Jon 
 Randy,  Could you please prepare a credit sheet for a master physical contract between ECC and Cinergy Canada Inc.  Cinergy Canada Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Cinergy Marketing and Trade.  Your contact person is David Livingston at p(713) 393 - 6852, f(713) 890 - 3122.  Also, could you please give me credit clearance for Cinergy Canada to trade shorter term products on Enrononline under our GTC.  Regards,  Jon 
 Could you look in to this for me.  Thanks,  Jon 
 Scott,  I checked further into the producer side of the deals that we have going to Boston.  The producers are well out of the money any do not seem excited about taking big losses via unwinding.  We need to come up with an attractive alternative.  Gulf Canada Energy	C$(19,427,920) Suncor Energy		C$(19.861,007) Petro Canada		C$(14,574,960) Encal			C$(14,574,960)   Howard Sangwine is a marketer here who could coordinate the restructuring.  He covers a couple of these producers and has pretty good relationships with them.  Regards,  Jon 
 Nov for 1 year	4.35 Nov for 2 year	4.5 Nov for 3 year	4.605 Nov for 5 year	4.72  Cheers.... 
 The rest should show up by Fedex tomorrow.  Regards,  Jon 
 Lucy,  Almost all basis in Canada is quoted in USD, normal convention is to quote the fixed price in CAD.  I will get Ian Cooke to send you the historical basis for AECO (in USD).  If you want a currency curve to work the numbers back into Canadian dollars we can also get you that, but I'm not sure what that would tell you.  Please let me know if you need anything else.  Jon  Ian - could you please forward our historical AECO curve to Lucy  - Thanks 
 Stuart,  Here are the names and phone numbers of the people you wanted:  Duke			Brad Daily			(403) 297 9847 Mirant			Russ Wilson			(403) 218 1085 Transcanada		Greg Shea			(403) 216 2985			- Currently being sold not likely to transact Aquila - Canada		Mike Kardash/Dave Lake	(403) 781 6052 Dynegy			Darren Marine			(403) 213 6040 Reliant			Willian Wong			(403) 515 2837 Sempra			Gracen Turnbull			(403) 750 2465 Engage Energy Canada	John Krill			(403) 297 0337 Utilicorp			Same as Aquila  Others that might come and will at least advertise to the rest of the industry are:  AEC Storage & Hub 	Dean Giesbrecht		(403) 266 8285 CrossAlta Gas Storage	Vince Landry			(403) 298 3578 Unocal			Trevor Caldwell			(403) 213 7423  Regards,  Jon 
 Dec-Mar offer NX1 +. 87 May-Nov offer NX! -.23  What you don't like my NYMEX offer?  Jon 
 Dec-Mar02 Fixed Float Swap at Sumas is offered US$4.52/MMbtu May-Nov02 Fixed Float Swap at Sumas is offered US$3.31/MMbtu  These offers are based on the volumes you sent to me.  I hope these work!  Regards,  Jon 
 Dawn,  It looks like Jason Garvey's last day is the August 17th.  Is there anything I need to do to make sure his departure is smooth from a HR stand point?   Jon 
 Todd,  Your welcome to come by at your convience, just give me a call to make sure I'm home.  I usually get home from work around 7:30pm.  I can be reached at 249-8322, and if your coming by my address is 4712 Grove Hill Rd. SW.  (This is just off 17th Avenue and 45th Street SW.)  Regards,  Jon 
 One of my flat screens will not reset and there is an unacceptable amount of static coming through.  Does anyone know of any tricks to fix this problem.  (Yes, I tried turning it off and back on again.)  Regards,  Jon 
 Hey Stephen,  Glad to hear the funds finally showed up.  It would be helpful to me if we could hook back up together in the next little while.  I'd like to get your opinion on a few different thoughts that I've had.  I need to do some "financial planning" so to speak.  Let me know how your schedule is looking  Thanks,  Jon 
 Thanks Des! 
 Kate,  Greg asked me to get a price for Lindsay Park first thing in the morning.  Given their load profile we would be offered at 4.39/gj for supply one year out of August.  Please let me know if you need any thing else.  Best Regards,  Jon 
 We would be offered at 4.43 right now, but like all things.... what goes up must come down.   We moved down .16 in the front part of the curve, but the back has not followed as quickly.  I would expect we will have a good hedging opportunity the next couple of days, and then rally after that.  Regards,  Jon 
 The current offer for these volumes 1 Year out of Oct. would be $4.615.  I hope this helps.  Jon 
 Hello favorite Aunt (and I do have more than one),  How much do you want to try to sell the cabinets (dolls and TV) for?  Or a least how much did you pay so that we can get a reasonable price.  My plan was to sell everything I own before moving....sound familiar?  Anyway I hope everything is going well and have a good time on your Alaskan safari.  Email me with the info. and I'll give you a call.  Love  Jon 
  Who is taking care of you? 
 David,  Thanks for sending this to me, it looks good.  Does Mr. Frevert have the other points just in case further explanation is needed ?  I would not include them in his speaking points what you have is sufficient, but he probably needs the back ground just in case.  Let me know if I can do anything to help.  Regards,  Jon 
  Please take care of this.  Didn't we already send her the data for July?  Jon 
 Please approve  Thanks,  Jon 
 Hello,  Your right it has been a long time since we have chatted.  Things are a cha= nge'n with my life.  First I just got back from a little (so called) vacation where Beth and I d= rove from West Palm Beach to Houston.  We did it over 3 days so it wasn't t= hat bad.  Day one was a 10 hour hop from West Palm to Desitn, Fl.  You woul= d have loved Destin, they have the most amazing sand on their beaches.  It = kind of reminds me of Icing Sugar.  Very white and has a very fine texture,= and I felt like I was sink right into the sand. www.holidayinndestin.com. = Next stop was in New Orleans, which ended up with lots of drinks and some = pretty good Cajun food.  It took about 6 hrs to get there from Destin but t= he traffic was not that bad.  Next stop was in Houston (about 5.5 hrs) from= New Orleans.  By now I'm sure you have asked yourself.."Why did they do th= is drive?"  And the obvious answer is because Beth is moving there.  She re= nted a really nice loft in down town Houston not far from Enron Field http:= //astros.mlb.com/NASApp/mlb/hou/ballpark/hou_ballpark_history.jsp.  She too= k a job with Enron Energy Service which is our retail company.  The bad thi= ng is I'm not sure how I feel about having her work for the same company. T= he good thing is that she is in a different building than the Wholesale gro= up so the chances of having my personal life and business life cross are lo= w.  I guess this would kind of be like if we worked for Shell and I ran the= Bulk dealer ship and she was responsible for exploration.  Not the same bu= siness but none-the-less for the same company.  Second,  It look like I am going to sell my house and probably end up movin= g to Houston as well.  Believe it or not this was not by design, just a mer= e coincident.  However, it has presented some tough questions.  Do I really= want to move again? and Do I want to co-habitate?  Moving is the easy part= , I'm starting to become an expert, and I was thinking about selling my hou= se anyway.  As for co-habitating, the jury is still out.  Beth would have n= o problem with the idea, but, Cold feet McKay has mixed feeling.  Co-habiat= ion is in the lead as it stands.  Third, What would you prefer I do with some of the goodie's you have let me= borrow. ie Your beautiful dolls, the cabinets the dolls are in, the TV sta= nd, you mirror, and the other few remaining items.  I thought I would store= the dolls at Carol's, but I was unsure as to what your preference was for = the other things.   I am going to sell everything I can and start over in H= ouston regardless my living plans (the only thing I'm going to try to take = is my car).  If you want I can either try to get a fair price for you furni= ture or Stephen might be able to make good use of the TV Cabinet and other = things.  Email me your phone number as I do not have it, and we can talk ab= out what is best.  Anyway, good to hear you are getting some exercise (I am trying to do the s= ame), and stay off the darts if you can.  If you cann't, reward yourself fo= r trying!  Take care and I will talk to you in a couple of weeks.  Love,  Jon =20 
 Martin  How is it going?  I don't want to make this a big deal, (quite frankly you = and me have better things to spend our time on, and the dollar amount relat= ing to these cuts is trivial) but with respect to cuts in the future I thin= k it is important that we teach the people underneath us the correct way to= handle these issues, so that in the future we do not have to be involved. = Below is a quick dialog that Greg Johnston and I have had with respect to = the cuts and what we can and can not do.  This seems to be blown way out of proportion by Kevin Heal and if there is = anything I can do to make this GO AWAY please let me know.  Thanks,  Jon=20 
 Greg,  Do they have any right to cut a deal by more than the amount that the pipel= ine declared as its force majure volume?  Jon McKay Unemployed phone: 403-974-6733 jonathan.mckay@enron.com 
 1year out of Aug 01 offered at 4.33  Regards,  Jon 
 1 year out of Oct 01	4.36 2 year out of Oct 01	4.49 3 year out of Oct 01	4.53  I Hope these help.  Jon 
 Telus            Lindsay Park        Hillsboro  1 Year       4.445               4.445                4.41  2 Year        4.545              4.545                4.50  3 Year        4.555              4.55                  4.51    Good Luck......G0 STAMPS GO  Jon 
  Call me 403 974 6733 
 love you 
 Soccerdome                        Telus  1 year        4.43                    4.46  2 year        4.58                    4.60  3 year        4.62                   4.635   Sorry it took so long.  Jon 
 Hi Tim,  I got your e-mail and was pleasantly surprised to actually hear from you!  I hope the rest of your trip went well.  Some day I hope we can sharing a beer in the UK.  Cheers from Canada,  Jon 
  Through Terminal Server 
 Jeanie,  Here is my Resume........  Please, Please, Please hire me.......   Best Regards........    Jon 
 Term Prices were down about $0.10/GJ. 
 Hi Rod,  I am forwarding this e-mail just to let you know what I am being told as far as selecting a realtor (see below).  Today I am going to talk to the relocation people and do what I can about keeping things going with you.  The relocation people don't sound like they know what is going on, as demonstrated by their reference to "favorable tax treatment", but if they insist on having Royal LePage I wanted to see if you could speak to them directly.  My preference is to have you represent me, but if they are "paying the bills" I may have little choice.  Best Regards,  Jon 
 Nov 01 1 year  C$4.92/gj 
 Mark,  Do you remember this agreement?  I think I told you to pass it along to the new lawyer when he came and I was wondering if this was done, and if I should follow up with him?  They certainly are persistent in getting us to sign this.  Please direct me as to what I should be doing   Regards,  Jon   PS. When you comin' back? 
  1 Year	4.782 2 Year  4.855 3 Year  4.885  Jon :) 
 this person does not report to me. 
 Jay,  The never ending saga of Enrononline vs. NGX continues.  Under our settle agreement with NGX, we (somehow) agreed to provide NGX with a password and ID that would allow them to see the products on enrononline that coincide with the index's that we are providing data to.  As a temporary solution I created a filer under my master user Id that gives them all physical Alberta gas products one month and under.  The problem is they can see the rest of month product bid/offer and the product descriptions of other Enrononline products.  Would it be possible to set up a password and user ID for enrononline that only shows the products we are contributing to?  Or at a minimum, have them set up so they have their own limited access that is not associated with my login.  Call me when you get a chance (403) 974 - 6733.  Happy 4th of July,  Jon 
 I guess I'm not sure what you are after?  Do you have an example of another one that I could work off of ?  If I had a better idea of what kind of thing were suppose to be included I could probably get you something else.   Are we after more words or more duties.  Jon 
 Please note that because this event of force majeure is at the plant, and not on the pipe, it does not qualify as an event of force majeure under our contract.  Any deals we have that are not done under a Enron contract will probably have force majeure applied to them.  Please endeavor to find commercially reasonable terms to work around this problem regardless of who's contract the deal was done under.  Regards,  Jon 
 Yes, all trades have and associated contract that outlines the "performance obligations" and this is similar to NGX's.  Still waiting to talk to a lawyer on the other issues.  I will get it to you today.  Jon 
 Call me on this one.  I think AECO would actually be better due to the fact that plant gate gas in Saskatchewan trades at AECO - X.  Therefore an AECO hedge may be more appropriate to match up their risk.  Hope all is going well.  Jon 
 IN 
 Did you know before me??............You always seem to.   I'll let you know when the beers are flowing.  See ya then.  Jon 
 Could you please do me a favor.  Deloitte is auditing our NGX feed process and they need to be able to check the integrity of our data.  Grahan Larson at Deloitte wanted us to run the query that is outline in the word doc attached with a few alterations.  He was wondering if we could include the counter party ID, counterpart flag, and the counterpart name in the query we send to him?  Could you please coordinate getting him the information he needs.   His phone number is 630-7618.  Thanks,  Jon 
 No problem....go ahead. 
 what time do you need it for? 
 Shyla,  I hope its going well!  I just wanted to respond to your request to have the buy's/sell's outline for you in the summery of one month trades.  Could you please explain why you need this information to complete your pie chart?  It would be my  preference not to include this information as our trading positions could be piece together prior to us having time to close out of those positions.  The risk of outside parties knowing our positions is of grave concern and it would be my preference to avoid this if at all possible.  Please give me a call to discuss.  Regards,  Jon 
 I hope this works.... 
  Ryan could you make contact with Jesus and be his contact for pricing.  Could you set up a process (maybe the bidfax) where by he can get daily pricing info.  Thanks,  Jon 
 The numbers looked good for the 18th's report of numbers for the 15th.  We will watch them closely for a couple of days.  So far 1 for 1.  Thanks,  Jon 
 Would LOVE to..............however, unable to attend due to prior commitments.  Have a glass for me.  Regards,  Jon 
 Jay,  Thanks for all your work on the NGX issue.  I talked with them today and Dan said all that he need was a Address, ID, and Password to get up and going on their side.  Could you please contact Dan, at your convenience, with this information at (403) 974-4335.  Again, thanks for the quick turnaround.   Regards,  Jon 
   --------- Inline attachment follows --------- 
 Is that the one you got wrong? 
 John,  I wanted to talk to you about Disturnal's PRC when you get a chance. Give me a call 403 974 6733.   Regards,  Jon 
 I believe that the trade should have been book at zero premium.  Please make the appropriate changes.  Regards,  Jon 
 1 Year	5.77  2  Year	5.65  3 Year	5.51  5 Year	5.39 
 Family Leisure Centre		Springbank Park	NE Sportsplex		 Hunntinton Hills  1	5.40			5.46				5.43			5.47  2	5.34			5.39				5.365			5.40  3	5.315			5.37				5.345			5.375  5	5.335			5.39				5.36			5.39   Go forth and do deals................................. 
 Brad,  Disturnal no longer reports to me.  You will need Milnthorp or John Arnold (in Houston) to approve his requests.  Regards,  Jon 
 Hi Rod,  I'm sorry I have not been reachable but I was waiting until I had all the info you needed before I contacted you.  The new info is as follows:  #1808, 909 Texas Ave. Houston, Texas, 77002  jonathan.mckay@enron.com  (h) 713 225-1230 (w) 713 853-4810 (f) 713 646-8453   Do you know what happens next?  Do I need a lawyer?  Do any other provisions remain?  Any idea how I get paid? Any help would be appreciated!  Best Regards,  Jon   As for golf course, I was thinking I'd meet you at Pebble Beach..........Just kidding. 
 How's about US$10,000 to get started or do you need US$20,000 right away?  I'm not sure Enron is going to do the trade with me but I would be glad to help you out.  Do you just want to mail cheques to each other or do something else?  If Enron does the currency trade that I want to do, I'd be happy to do what every volume you need.  Let me know what you want to do.  Jon 
 Hi Laura,  I hope all is going well.  The reason for my note is that I was wondered if you can still do the occasional currency swap for employee's.  I'd like to convert C$300-400 thousand and was wondering if I could pay the Enron fee rather than retail.  Hit them down the middle,  Jon 
 How about 1.5460 as the rate.  I'll just send you a cheque for USD$20,000 and you can mail me the appropriate amount back.(Laura Scott agreed to do the amount that I wanted to swap with her).  Where should I send the cheque? 
 Thanks for you help 
 Cheque is in the mail.......sorry it didn't go out Friday, but with labor day weekend everyone had left early and by the time I found the place to courier it, it was closed.  I hope it arrives in time.  Regards,  Jon 
 Good morning.......... 
 Hi Stephanie,  My name is Jon McKay and I used to trade in Canada for Enron.  Could I please get access to all of the Canadian markets as I still have opportunities to trade certain locations from down here.  My login ID is ADM95363, or I can be found under JMcKay1.  Thanks for you help  Jon 
 Thank You,  I will not be needing to mange them on Stack down here.  Much appreciated! 
 Thank you 
 Scott,  I still can not seem to pull up TDS.  I can get in to the Position Manager, but I am unable to see any of the trading books (most important FT-East-new).  When you have a few minutes could you please let me know who understands/runs the system, so I can get my problem sorted out.  Thank you,  Jon 
 Dear Mr. Raffaele,  My name is Jon McKay and I just moved from Calgary, Canada to Houston.  Just prior to moving I passed the Level III C.F.A. exam and now find my self in need of a sponsor to join the Houston society.  I was wondering if you could put me in contact with some of the local charter holders so that I could obtain sponsor ship and join the Houston society.  I was not member of the society in Calgary, as I was waiting to pass the third examination before joining, but I could provide some contacts in Calgary that hold charters, who would a test to my character.  If you had a local membership list, or even just a list of Enron employee who have C.F.A. Charters that I could contact, it would be greatly appreciated.  If you can help please contact me at (w) 713 853-4810, (h) 713 225-1230 or, at jonathan.mckay@enron.com.  Thank you,  Jon McKay 
 Oct02-Mar03 offered at .01 Jan03-Feb03 offeed at .02  Regards,  Jon 
 Your Done with FT-NEW YORK 
  jan04-feb04 offered at .025/MMBTU  Regards,  Jon 
 I hope you have received the cheque I sent you by now.  Please send me a C$ cheque to:  Jon McKay 909 Texas Avenue, Apt 1808 Houston, Texas 77002  Spend you money wisely.........have lots of beer.  Regards,  Jon 
 I can't do that, but what I can do is sell you 10000/day at .0225.  What do you think?  Jon 
 If you need to get in touch with me (eg.golfing) I can be reached at:  Home 713 225 1230 Work  713 853 4810 Cell    713 303 4921  Regards,  Jon 
 Thanks,  Did you get my cheque yet? 
 Look at page 23 they show 226 Megawatts coming on in Nov. and another 72 coming on in Dec...........are these in your forcast numbers?  Regards,  Jon 
 Thank you very much for all your help.  Jon 
 Glad to hear........Hey book this off..	Friday Oct 5, 2001 departing 1:27 IAH to RDU Sunday Oct 7, 2001 departing 2:53 RDU to IAH  Have a good day!  Jon 
 Just put it in your daytimer.........It's all being taken care of! 
 No I thought you were going to take care of that! 
 I have got some one lined up don't worry. 
 You, me, Vladi Pimenov, and his girlfriend Natalie  (who works in EES) will be going to the game.  Where would you like to meet them before we head over? 
 Kim,  Please make note that I will be out of the office from Sept 19th to Sept 24.  Regards,  Jon 
 That sounds like AOL not MSN.  I tried using that address for MSN and it said it was not available at this time.  I'll try to add you again later using that address. 
 People down here are shocked!  One of the brokers we use was in the second tower when the first plane hit.  All he said was that something blew up and he was getting the (*!@##$ out of there.   Sounds like it was a good decision as he was in the stairwell on the 20th floor when the second plane hit his tower.  He got out alright but many of his co-workers are still missing.  Lots of people have friends and family that worked there so people are keeping pretty much to themselves.  As for me.........I'm wondering why I moved to this country!  Things here are ok but I question everyday whether or not I made the right decision.  Hopefully, some good things start happening to me.  So far I have lost money trading, live with two cats I can't stand, don't have a car to drive (or any of my personal belongings) and this country is on the verge of going to war.  I figure things can only get better!  I'm back in town from the 19th-23rd...(assuming I can fly back)...and hopefully we can hook-up then.  If you need some kitchen-ware (i.e.. utensils) let me know and I'm sure we can work out a deal (There is no room for my stuff in this apartment).  Hope you are doing well and say hi to everyone for me.  Jon 
  CNG dec01-feb02  5000/day offered at Index +.03 nov02-mar03  5000/day offered at Index +.025  Regards,  Jon 
 Jeanie,  Who is my payroll person.  I'd like to have my paycheck directly deposited into my account and I need to know who I should contact.  Thanks,  Jon 
 Ginger,  Jeanie Slone informed me that you would be able to help get my last two pay stubs.  I am in need of these in order to get a new work visa and any help you could offer would be greatly appreciated.  Thank you,  Jon 
 I got the check and will cash it on Wednesday when I get back to Canada.  Things down here are not going quite as well as I had planned.  I've been doing a bad job of trading and there is no fundamentals to work off of, nor does anyone want to develop any!  Geof Storey's (who trades Eastern Canada and Chicago) father was in the World Trade Center for a 2 hour meeting on the 101 Floor of the first building that was hit, he is missing and presumed dead.  A funeral is being held for him this Saturday and I think this has caused people around here to take it even more personally.  I have to admit, for the first time in years I'm a little nervous about flying back to Calgary on Wednesday.  Glad to hear school is going well, I kind of wished I was there with you.  Best of luck, and I'll email you when I get back from Calgary.  Regards,  Jon 
 Hey Greg,  I thought I would drop you a quick note.  How are things going?  I hope your still getting lots of deals done and knocking them deal at Enron Direct.  I decided I would take a look at the Stampeder's stats before I dropped you the line.  It looks like things are getting a little better (other than turnovers).  Good luck tonight.........there is no one I hate more than the Saskatchewan Roughriders.  Regards,  Jon 
 Fletch,  Could you please grant me access to the East Power Fundamentals site in an effort to coordinate our gas and power views.  Thanks,  Jon 
 Are you too busy today?  If not what time do you want to go? 
 I don't think this is going to be the answer to all your problems.  It's the results of the audit.  I'm not sure they were all that successful? 
 Kam,  Could you please grant me access to the O:\TDS directory so that I can load curves in Brad McKay's absence, as well as set my own in the future.  Thanks,  Jon 
 Ahhh....e-request, sorry for the inconvenience, I thought you were the gate keeper.  Thanks for all you help! 
 Adam,  The file you sent me is exactly the type of spread sheet I needed.  Thank You.   However, I was wondering if you could get access (via that file) to a few other points.  Specifically, I am in need of Gas Daily Curves for NGI-Chicago, GDM-Dawn,GDM-Niagara, and GD-Hehub.  And with respect to basis curves, I am in need of a curve for Niagara and Columbia Gulf.  If you could point me in the right direction I would really appreciate it.  Thanks,  Jon 
 Thanks for the invite, but it looks like I'm committed to going to the A&M ND game.  Jon  PS. love the in-depth feed back for my mid year review 
 I actually feel rested this morning.  Outlook for the day is positive.........I'll keep you informed.  Love Jon 
 Thanks,  I'll try it out! 
 Could you help me obtain access to the O:\ERMS directory?  I know I'm suppose to send an email to someone, but I'm not sure who.  Thank you,  Jon 
 Could you please send an e-request (to who ever gets them) for me so that I can access O:\TDS\TDS Curve\NY\  Thanks,  Jon 
 713 225 1230 
 How's about 5:30? 
 Adam,  So far so good!  I'm only concerned with being able to print it out on one page.  If you need more space turn the print page to landscape and use smaller font.  Keep making the font smaller until either we get everything on one page or until you can't read the printout.  Do you need me to do anything?  Jon 
 Today around 3:30? 
 Are we going today?  I went for a run out to Sheppard and back yesterday it adds about 12min. 
 your still done! 
 Sorry, for not saying good-bye when you left last night.  I thought you were at work on Thursday and I thought I would wish you well then.  So I guess, better late than never.  Have a good and safe trip!  Regards,  Jon 
 I have the squash racket in hand and I'm ready to play..........what time 5:30-6:00?  Love  Jon 
 Offers:  Nov02-Mar03, CNG Index, 5000/day @ .025 Nov03-Mar04, CNG Index, 5000/day @ .025 Apr02-Mar03, Z6 NY Index, 3000/day @ .14 Apr02-Mar03, M3 Index, 4000/day @ .045  I hope these help.  Regards,  Jon 
 Sorry Jim,  I don't really have much interest in selling the M3 and TZ6 index for those time periods (let alone any better than I quoted) and the CNG Index numbers came from Brad McKay where his two-way was .0175/.025 on both terms.  He is not in today and I am covering for him, and I will not be improving his offers in his absence.  Regards,  Jon 
 Well..............   On another note, due to the Friday effect running has been cancelled today.  If you want to go this weekend let me know. 
 How's about today at 2:00?  I looked at the map over the weekend and noticed a few areas that will need further work......overall not too bad!  Jon 
 How are you feeling today?...........I'm losing the war and thought I'd send you a note from the front......... Out look is ambiguous.  Love Jon 
 Or are we running. 
 What time do you want to run?  The earlier the better for me........bad day and I can't wait to get out of here. 
 Glen,  YOUR ALIVE..!!!!!!!!!!   Glad to see you are still around.   What's with the new job?  For me the new job is obvious.  We started playing a drinking game where every time the name Enron was mentioned you had to do a shot.  Minutes later I was fired for drunken insubordination.  Sometime in the next 3-4 weeks I'll start working for UBS Warburg (Union Bank of Switzerland).  I'm hoping working for a Swiss company may finally get me out of the middle of all the conflicts (Terrorism, Enron, Anthrax).  No one should want to harm the Canadian working for the Swiss company.  Actually, my division was sold to UBS so the transition should not be that hard.  Mostly the same people, but on a much smaller scale.  If I could make the same amount of money for UBS I did for Enron last year, I'd finally get the Bonus I've always been looking for.  Anyways,  I'll keep you posted.  My Email hasn't changed yet, but I'm sure it will.  If you need to get in contact with me try, Bjenkins2@houston.rr.com  How's the personal life going?  I hope all is well.  Jon 
 Any time after 1:30 is fine with me.  Regards,  Jon 
 You are a better man than me, yes, but I'm not so sure it will be outside. 
 Vladi,  I don't know if you are going to get this in time, but I wanted to try to get some of you input on a deal you price earlier for Yankee Gas.  Structuring needs you Gas Daily Daily offer for 30 peak day at TETCO M3.  You previously indicated US$0.13 for 40,000 a day and it looks like they are going to do the whole volume.  They will notify you by 9:00 am the day before delivery.  I don't know what the right price is but it would seem that we could anticipate their need to call and get in front of  the market moves.  I am going to stick with the 0.13/mmbtu unless I hear from you.  I hope the vacation is going well.  Sorry to disturb you.  Regards,  Jon 
 Right back at you and I would be even more takin by you if you would pick up my race for the cure package. 
 Not silly, but working on unemployeed. 
 Thank You! 
 Happy Birthday to YOU Happy Birthday to YOU Happy Birthday dear Beth Happy Birthday to YOU!!!   HAPPY 33rd BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 Heeelllloooo G Money,  Long time no e-mail!....  Things here are starting to settle down a little.  I still have not quite cleaned up my affairs in Calgary and probably need to do a weekend trip back up there, but I'll be sure to give you more notice than last time, as it will probably be less work and more play.  I have yet to do anything too spectacular down here.  Last week end I went to the Houston Grand Prix.  Paul Tracey and the other Canadian (name fails me....you know the french guy Patrick?????) didn't do to well.  Although, Enron had sponsored a car for that race and it  was in 3rd most of the way until it crashed on the 2nd from last lap.  It was kind of fun to have someone to cheer for in the race that was in the "thick" of things.  The day was nice and it beat being inside all day.  A couple of week before that I watched Notre Dame get slaughtered by Texas A&M.  It was a really hot day and Kyle Field (where A&M plays) is the loudest outdoor stadium I have ever been in.  There was 92,000 people there and 91,950 were die hard Texas A&M fans.  I kept pretty quite though, the only thing I had to cheer about  as far as the Irish was concerned was that they won the coin toss.  Everything else was down hill from there........it was a complete domination by A&M.  The apartment is starting to get organized.  It is hard to take two 2,000 square foot homes and move them into one 950 square foot apartment.  I've thrown a lot of stuff out I hope I wont need again or I hope I can replace easily if I need it.  How are things with you?  Are you guys getting out much these days?  Anything new and exciting going on in your life?  I hope all is well and I find myself missing you guys a lot.  Have one for me!  Jon 
 I would love to be included.  Thank You. 
 Thank you very much for looking into this for me.  I look forward to hearing from you  Regards,  Jon 
 This should supply you with hours of endless entertainment.  It is fun to use as a tool to mock you associates.  Love Jon 
 Are you going to the hospital today or would you like to run? 
 Scott,  Here is the unwind structure for 7500/MMBtu of the Boston Gas deal.  Could you please set aside some time tomorrow to discuss the costs and residual risks that would be left after unwinding this deal.  I would like to include Gerry and Howard from our Calgary office in this discussion so they can brief you on the current status of Cal pine.  Below is a couple of slides that show the unwind.  Regards,  Jon 
 5:30 
 If so, what time? 
 Dale,  Thank you very much for hooking me up with Stephen.  It seems that he will probably be able to help me move some of my stuff directly to the US.  Could you please see that the address on my current accounts with RBC gets changed to my Houston location so I can receive statements going forward. The correct address is:  Jonathan McKay 909 Texas Avenue, #1808 Houston, Texas, 77002  Thank you very much.  Regards,  Jon 
 John Disturnal...... Why? 
 I'll be there. 
 Fred,  I just wanted to say thank you for the golf on Saturday.  I had a really good time and enjoyed playing your course very much.  You should be very proud of it as I think it one of the best laid out courses I've played.  Thank You,  Jon  PS.  Hopefully we get to play together next time. 
 Jeff,  Good to hear from you.  Things down south seem to have taken a turn for the worse.  Enron keeps making headlines, and not in a good way.  It looks like the market is going to test the big E and make sure that we can handle a little adversity.  Life down here is ok, I am still trying to get settled.  Living with the girlfriend is going pretty well except for the two cats she has.  I can not stand them, and if I could find a way to make them disappear I would.  Cats are the most useless, dirty animals in the world and her cats prove it everyday.  Anyways, I've been doing some fun things down here.  I have gone to a couple of college football games.  I saw Texas AM crush Notre Dame, and the University of Texas kill Colorado.  Both, games were fun to go to and the weather was nice for both of them so I can't complain.   I also went to the Grand Prix of Houston.  That day was also nice and it was fun to watch, but as far as car races go it was not that exciting.  The winner lead start to finish and no one was close all day.  The two Canadian drivers both crashed relatively early so even trying to cheer for people from the homeland didn't go that well.  Other than those few days the weather has been pretty uncomfortable.  Hot and sticky, its like sitting outside and watching the rodeo.  You just don't feel clean when you get back inside.  Trading has been hard.  I've been on a long cold spell and I need to turn it around soon.  But, it always looks its darkest before dawn......bring on the light.  I hope everything is going well for you.  Sorry to hear the ladies are not plentiful.  Usually that is one of the big upsides to going back to school.  Good Luck on you exams, I'm sure you'll do fine.  Regards,  Jon 
 Dale,  Thanks for the email.  I would be happy to pay the 50.00 fee one last time, however, given that this account will not be touched and no changes in the accounts holdings are allowed under Canadian tax law given my status, we need to find a way to either avoid this fee in the future or transfer the holdings to somewhere else.  I would much appreciate your recommendation on how to proceed as well as an address as to where I should send the money for the outstanding balance.  Regards,  Jon 
 Hey Jean,  Where are you sitting these days? 
 Sorry Stephen,  Thing around here have been a little hectic.  Friday would be fine, just let me know where.  Jon 
 Could you please update this spread sheet with the products you would like to offer on a new version of EOL.  Please e-mail me your additions and changes and I will consolidate everything into a presentable format.  Regards,  Jon 
 thank you 
 Hi Greg,  I know you are doing all this work for me, but I seem to be unable to get the files you are sending.  Could you please resend this one, or if that doesn't work could you please Fax it to me at (713) 646 - 8453.  Thank you.   Jon 
 Hey Scott,  I just wanted to verify that we are going to pull the 20 longest dated deals and get quotes from other dealers.  Is that correct?  Or are we going to have them on hand for when the contracts are terminated.... then get the appropriate quotes.  Thanks  Jon 
 Hey Jeff,  How's it going.   Things down here are actually very slow.  They (upper Management) are still trying to figure out what to do.  In the mean time no one is trading.  I sit around most of the day and play games.  I keep waiting for some instruction about what to do next and nothing is being said.  The old hurry up and wait.   Beth's (my girlfriend) whole department got let go the other day.  She is still there until Christmas doing the clean-up but, come the new year she is going to have to try to find a new job.  Things down here could not have gone worse for her. I feel real bad, because in a way I had a part in her moving, but there is nothing I can do about it now.  Are you an unsecured Enron creditor, as they agreed to pay for your school and now won't be able too?  How are thing there?  Are you liking school?  I'm heading back to Calgary on the 21st, and I'll be up there until at least the 30th (maybe longer).  I'd love to grab a beer if you have time.  You can reach me at (403) 239-0299, or I'll be stopping in at the office.  Take care and I hope to see you in cow town.  Jon 
 Hey,   I brought my Clubs and the appropriate cloths to play golf in today.   I'm pretty sure a couple of guys could sneak away, is there any chance you could make it?  Jon  PS. Sorry about the conversation during the run yesterday, I was just trying to let you know what was being tossed around on the floor so did get blind sided by it. 
  Sorry the system would only allow me to send them two at a time.  Could you please save them where brad can access them.  Thanks,  Jon 
 Hey.... this worked.... have a good day! 
 We are on. 
 Thank you very much, and please thank Mr.Fox for me.  I really appreciate your help with this.  Best Regards,  Jon  PS.  Thanks for the Tickets... it looks like it should be fun! 
 Hello Everyone,  It is time to get started in our quest to figure out the N.E.  Given that we are coming to the end of the heating season our best opportunities to make money over the next little while will be with respect to storage, storage arbitrage, and opportunities surrounding the injection season.   Having this in mind I think the best place to start is with the pipe that has the most storage capabilities and flexibility, and I think that is Columbia Gas Transmission.  I am inviting everyone to attend a meeting Tuesday at 3:00 (location to follow) to discuss the who, what, where, when, why, and how.   In preparation for the meeting we need to have information regarding the pipe:  1)	We need the operational capabilities of the pipe.   This should include major receipt points, delivery points, through put capability, line pack balances, and storage facilities (both owned by the pipeline as well as third parties).  Expect to discuss which regions are the bottle necks, and what operational restrictions or advantages individual locations have. (Rob, Meredith, Bob or Chris could you please try to track down some of this info)  2)	We need to talk about trading and transacting in this region.  Proper contracts with the pipe, what flexibility we have (or could get), transportation costs within the region, etc....(Rob, Meredith, Bob or Chris could you please try to track down some of this info)  3)	Major players on the pipeline LDC's, Industrials, Power Generators, and production companies (i.e.. native production on the pipe) (Adam and Chuck could you please gather this info)  4)	Price Curves and trading opportunities for the region.  (I will be supplying the data for this part of the discussion)  Please come ready to talk freely about what you know and please understand that the point of this is to figure out what pieces of information we lack and to make everyone better informed.  I look forward to see you all on Tuesday.  Regards,  Jon 
 Just a quick reminder, we have a meeting scheduled for 3:00 pm today to discuss how TCO works. It will take place in room 06116 and come ready to talk about your area of expertise.  Regards,  Jon 
 Due to the popularity of this meeting we will have to move it to 06990.  Sorry for the inconvenience.  Jon 
 It was good.... I went down around noon and hung out for a couple of hours.  It is amazing how excited everyone is for the Texan's to start up.  Thank you very much for the tickets it was a lot of fun.  It seemed like everyone but me knew who they were going to take in the draft.  Look for a check the next couple of days I plan on sending you $25,000 that I would like you to put with the rest of my cash for now.  Thanks Again,  Jon 
 Hunter,  After talking with my father regarding new members for our weather team he sent me the email below.  Sorry there isn't a better lead, however, I did notice that each of these websites have a place to post job opportunities.  Should we be posting something?  Just a thought.  Regards,  Jon 
 Scott,  Do you know who I need to contact to get the ODBC driver installed on my computer.  I think you were right in pointing out that it is not on Brad's old box.  Thanks,  Jon 
 see below 
 Hellllooooo,  How are you doing?  I know I have been delinquent in sending you a note but= there has been a lot going on these days.  The move still is not quit comp= lete, I still have things I need to do up there and I probably need to do a= weekend trip to get everything cleaned up.  I ended up selling you curio (= sp?) cabinets and keeping you TV. cabinet.  Hence I have a cheque for you t= hat needs to be sent, or picked up if you like?  The move has gone pretty well all things considered.  We managed to fit two= 2000 square foot homes into one 900 square foot apartment.  It kind of has= the cluttered eclectic New York apparent look to it.........you know the s= ame as your basement in Summerland.  Nothing major got damaged, in the move= so that helps.  I still have to switch over my car registration and insura= nce, and we all know how much fun that is so I've been procrastinating.  I've done a couple of fun things since being down here.  I've gone to two c= ollege football games, one at College Station to watch Texas A&M beat Notre= Dame, and one in Austin to watch the University of Texas beat Colorado.  T= hey were both day trips about two and a half hours from Houston, so the dri= ves were not that bad.  Its just kind of neat to be in a Stadium with 90,00= 0 other fans.  It is truly amazing to hear the noise that can be made by th= at many people.  Two weekends ago I watched the Texaco Grand Prix of Housto= n.  This is a car race similar to the ones they have in Vancouver and Toron= to each year.  There are two Canadian drivers in this racing series but bot= h of them had a bad day.  One of them crashed and the other finished way ba= ck.  The highlight was that Enron had sponsored a car just for that race th= at was doing very well up until the second from last lap when it crashed.  = Oh well, at least it was fun to have some one to cheer for, and it was a pr= etty nice day to sit out side and drink a beer.  Work is hard and not going as well as I hoped, but I think I just need to g= ive it some time.  Enron also has been in the news a lot these days for all= the wrong reasons.  It sounds like one of the "way high-ups" had a questio= nable kick back deal with Enron that has come under attack.  The Board of D= irectors has been sued by shareholders and all the regulatory people are st= arting to ask questions now.  It looks like my plan for early retirement is= out the window as our stock price this year has fallen from a high of $90 = to $25.  So much for getting stock options as your bonus.  Anyway, the World Trade attacks have not really changed much down here.  Th= ere seems to be more hype than anything else, you know anything the media c= an latch its teeth into rip apart.  I'm actually getting tired of all the r= umors and fear mongering that is going on.  I figure if my time is up, than= so be it, but I'm not going to spend all day worrying about it, its a wast= e of energy.  I hope the new job goes well.  I'm glad to hear that your back working, I w= as starting to worry about you a little.  You know what can happen when peo= ple lock themselves in their house and don't get out enough they tend to st= op going out all together.  Anyway, its time for me to start working so I have to go now.  Take care an= d have fun at your new job!  Love  Jon  PS.  I lost your address in my move.  Could you please email me your physic= al address so I can mail you the money I owe you. Thanks 
 How is everyone.....mother, child.........father?  I hope everything went smooth.   Are you taking this one to hockey practice or dance class?  Include me in the mass e-mail when you get a chance.  Jon 
 I am still sick as hell, but I thought I would try running today any interest? 
 I'm in..........I can't refuse a free needle. 
 Are you a father yet?.... If not do you want to run on the treadmills or play squash tonight? 
 General computer 	Login :	 Jmckay1	password: iiiiiii! 
 Hello,  I was just dropping this note to see if anyone was interested in getting together for the Rice Owls homecoming game against Tulsa this weekend.  Game time is 2 pm and I thought we would get walk-up tickets (eveyman for himself).  If people are interested we would have a little tailgate party prior to kick-off and watch the 6-3 Owls (undefeated at home)  kill the Tulsa Hurricanes.  Drop me a line if you have interest as I am trying to get critical mass.  Jon  PS. Please invite anyone that has interest in coming along and bring your kids if you have them. 
 Glen,  So its time for Monday night football and I was thinking about how you'd hi= tting on some waitress at Hooters.  Ahhhhh those were the days!   How are t= hings going?  What's new in the world?  Things here seem to be running ther= e course.  Remember the movie Wall Street where they arrest "Bud Fox" for i= nsider trading and it is the beginning of the end.  Well I think Bud might = have worked here, and the whole company seems to be coming down with him.  = I don't know if it is getting much press in Canada but the mighty Enron has= fallen on hard times and we are in the process of merging with another com= pany down here as a way of staying afloat.  We seem to have run out of cash= and can't pay the bills.  Visa and Mastercard are maxed out.  Its kind of = got me soul searching and I'm trying to decided what to do next.  I can sta= y where I am and wait and see what comes of the merger, but its kind of lik= e sticking with the Expo's, no one is certain what the future is. Or, I can= try and jump ship, catch on with another gas trading company, but the prob= lem is the grass is Never as green on the other side of the fence.  Hence t= he soul searching and dilemma.  Anyway, I just thought I'd drop you a note,= see how things are going.  Dolphins seem to be doing ok, 6-2, life could b= e worse.  I'm going to Tampa Bay for American Thanksgiving and kind of looking forwar= d to the couple of days off.  And I'm coming to Calgary for Christmas.  I g= et in late Friday the 21st and head back to Houston Sunday the 30th.  Maybe= we could get everyone together and go skiing one day, drinks at minimum.  = Anyway I have to get back to work.  I hope all is well in Cow town and say = hi to one of the waitress for me tonight   Jon 
 Sorry I missed your call last night, I had to pick-up my car.  Any interest in exercise?.... Give me a call if you can make time.  Jon  PS.  Nice articles in the Wall Street Journal and NY Times 
 You can't send this to my work.... send it to bjenkins2@houston.rr.com...  Thanks, Jon Very funny though 
 Had to send you that email.... company policy... keep me on the list just but at home instead.   I thought the stamps were out of it?... 
 Just want to make sure we are meeting at 6:00 AM to run tomorrow.  Regards,  Jon 
 I am interested in moving to the Enron Center or if nothing is available to Allen Center.  I work in Enron Center South and my company number is 0413 and my cost center is RC 107313.  Regards,  Jonathan McKay 
 I thought since you wanted to talk, we would skip going to dinner to night.... we'll go tomorrow with tom and miranda.  And the real reason for canceling is ...I'm going to play golf.... I have my cell phone if you need me.  Jon  XO 
 Frank,  By not being able to trade C$ denominated products we would not be able to trade most of the physical products including cash, one month, index gas, or be able facilitate long term structures.  Having said that, if the time period for not trading these products was only 45 days, they could get past that without any major damage being done.  It will take longer to get physical contracts in place in Canada than it will financial.  The extra time the Canadian office would have before it traded physical C$ products would allow them to obtain a critical mass of trading counter parties.  If it was going to be 120 or 180 days, then there would be problems.  I hope this helps, let me know if you need any else.  Regards,  Jon 
 This is why we have to run! 
 Dear Mrs. Kemp,  My name is Jonathan McKay and the reason I am contacting you is with respect to obtaining sponsorship to become member of the local CFA society. I moved from Calgary, Canada in September and I am not familiar with anyone that belongs to the Houston chapter. I obtained your name from the AIMR website and would appreciate any help you could offer me as far as sponsorship or putting me in contact with some of the local members.  I have completed the third level exam and need this sponsorship in order to obtain my designation.  I can be contacted at (h) 713 225 -1230, (w) 713 853 - 4810, or via email at jonathan.mckay@enron.com.  Thank you,  Jon McKay 
 Hello,  In order to make sure that our records are complete during the holiday season, could you please forward a copy of your quote sheets to Chance Rabon at Chance.Rabon@enron.com, as well as sending them to me.  I will be on holidays from Friday 21st, till the end of the year and Chance will be helping clean up Enron business and be preparing for our business to re-emerge.  Your patients and help are greatly appreciated and I look forward to speaking with you in the new year.  Have a happy and safe holiday season.  Jon 
 Please plan on attending this meetig  Thanks  Jon 
 At one point I had my bid above my offer................not good.  I'll just meet you at the loft later...........may go for a run........or a beer. 
 Its jmckay1  Thank you 
 Kam,  Could you please grant me access to the "EAST-P/L Totals" and "EAST POSITION Totals" Reports.  They are currently being sent to me via e-mail but I am unable to open them.  Best Regards,  Jon 
 Thanks 
 Hey,  Houston is Hot hot hot..........So far the living arrangements are good, however, I remain cautious about the potential going forward.  The loft is very cool (i.e. trendy, not cool temperature), but I can hear the sucking sound on my bank account.  Its only been a couple of days, but so far so good.  My email address is the same and you can get a hold of me by sending me a note.  I think I may have sold my house, there is still a few thing to be worked out, but I'll let you know when I'm comin' back to Calgary so you can pick-up some of the kitchen stuff.  Regards,  Jon 
 Email me when you're back in town...........I don't have a phone number yet..........and we'll hook up.  Regards,  Jon 
 Thanks for the encouragement................Its going to take some time to get up to speed, but I'll be sure to let you know if anything looks good as far as trades for the North East.  Regards,  Jon 
 Just in the process of selling the house.   The prospective buyers need to secure financing.  How much are you looking to convert as I am long some USD from liquidating some investments in Canada and may be able to help convert some currency earlier.  Let me know.  Regards,  Jon  PS. How is the good life treating you? 
 Melba,  Chris Lambie, Chris Dorland, Mike Cowan, and Chad Clark will be managing products.  All Canadian traders will need transaction capabilities.  I do not think that any "view only" access will be needed.  Thank you,  Jon   PS. I am moving to Houston permanently tomorrow and will have to pass this responsibility off to Chris Lambie. 
 Hey, Jeff is this the correct email address to reach you?  Regards,  Jon 
 This is accurate....P