 Make sure it is after 4:00, I do not want him to sit with me during trading hours. Thanks Brad 
 Tom: Can you quickly tell me if the breakout of Algonquin will occur anytime soon. Brad 
 I gave this info to Robin Barbe she will be your contact # 713 853 7177. Brad 
 Rex: The individual to call is Nelson Murray at 713 286 - 2159, If you need any other info please let me know. Thanks for all of your help. Brad 
 Chip: Thanks for the call yesterday. You are now as old as I am, but I am not sure if you are as mature as I am. Happy Birthday, have a great day. Brad 
 Thanks man I feel like the old man that I am. I only have 5 years until it gets really bad. Hunting was great the dog did great, he tried to attack a bull and went tearing through the brush I thought that I would never find him. After he settled down he did great. Thanks for keeping the family. Tiffany told me that you guys taught her how to CALL THE HOGS. Brad 
 I will check on this, thanks for the info.brad 
 I was the one that talked to David Behrman. We talked about splitting out the Algonquin Citygate prices. Why didn't you mention Algonquin in the Gas Daily article? Brad 
 please give me the names of the individuals. thanks brad 
 please change the counterparty 
 Greg: I talked to Craig and he wants to bring you back in to meet with Fred Lagratsa. You should hear from Fred or Craig sometime soon  to setup a meeting this week. I never bet on the OWLS, I usually will bet against them unless the spread seems way out of line. Brad 
 Thanks for your help. I hope that you were not offended by my comments the other day, they were not directed at you. Brad 
 Rex: I have an article to fax to you please send me your fax #. I hope all is well in Amarillo. Longhorns look good, this weekend will be a good test for them. Tiff and the kids are great. Both kids are very excited to be in school, lets hope that this enthusiasm last for another 16 years. Brad 
 YES 
 Craig: I just noticed that you have me partnered with Les instead of Mills. Thanks Brad 
 Mike: Thanks for the invitation unfortunately I will not be able to attend. Brad 
 Greg: I will not be able to go to lunch with you, dinner is possible. I would suggest you wear a suit. I am not sure at this point who you will interview with, I should know soon. I will call you 8/23 to talk about Thurs. If you do not hear from me please call me (wk 853-7699, hm 972-1208). 
 Graydon: I  was thinking i may come