 Hey Bobbi,  Here is a revised nomination sheet for March, and also, I know you'll be shocked, but I sent the contract to the lawyers for approval, so we should get it back shortly!  See ya 
 Yes, she'snot familiar with the music, but said she would listen to the music and see what she thought, but I have put in a call to my other friend, but I know she would do it if her schedule was open, but she does is professionally, and I know there would be a charge,  I should hear something today from my other friend. 
 Yes, We're going home to Omaha tomorrow morning, we'll be back on Monday. Take care and Happy Easter! 
 Hey Lizzie  Nicor is correct, Sitara #664380 s/b changed to reflect a Chicago Gas Daily Price flat, while Sitara #664363 s/b reflect a Chicago Gas Daily Price plus $0.01.   I have revised both tickets.  Thanks for your help, and also thank Darla. 
 Yes, you are absolutely correct, I can never get ahold of you.    I know you're very busy.  Our plane get in at 12:00 on Friday, so we'll  hail a cab over to Mom's house.  Everything here is going okay.  I hope Tina has had the baby by the time I get there this weekend.  I sure don't want her to have to spend Easter in the hospital.  As far as dinner is concerned, we'll have the regular, roast, ham, macaroni and cheese, greens yams, etc.  Mom said something about getting a turkey, if so, we'll have to have dressing. Anyway, I think I am going to choir rehearsal tonight, so I'll try to call you on the way home.  See ya! 
 I want to make sure we're on the same page concerning the Asset Management Deal.  Please review and let me know what you think! 
 Well, hell, I forgot the attachment!  Here it is........ 
 Bobbi,  Here is the final for March, 2001, I'm preparing the April, 2001  sheet as well! 
 Val,  What is this e-mail about, did you mean to send it to me?  Send me some of those funny jokes that are going around.   Talk to ya later! 
 I just called my other friend, her name is Renee Lewis and her home number is 281-484-2380.  She has sang the I Believe in You and Me song mnay times before at weddings and she is familar with Kissing You, but said its a really sexy song,  Have Barbara call her because she has alot of ideas.  She's a professional now and she can suggest all kinds of songs.  Take care! 
 What's Happening?   How's it going?  I will not be at rehearsal tonight because I'm going to get my hair done.  I figured that you all will be practicing (is that how you spell practice) your Easter songs and I will be in Omaha for Easter so I don't need to learn the songs, as we only sing them on Easter anyway. Besides, just in case you didn't hear, we don't sing this Sunday (We switch with the kids), since you all will sing on Easter for all 4 services.  This daylight savings time is nice.  It's so nice to be able to get home and still habe daylight instead of feeling like you whole day is shot once it gets dark.  Did you find any houses that you liked?  How long were you out?  Talk with you later! 
 Please let me know why my VAR is $2.2 million.  My position is 108.3 short, so I need to know why the VAR is so large .  Hunter would like an answer as soon as psossible.  Thanks 
 Jesus,  Please show me a bid for this Cargill Deal.  It is 25 MMBtu/d day, May-October, 2001 with balancing and anything else that typically goes along with it.  I think the best option at this time is just ot get a bid from you.  Also there is a piece at Nicor that goes along with it, but it is a monthly volume commitment, and does not include balancing.  I don't plan to give you that portion, but it may be that the customer does not want it broken up. The volume is roughly 33,000 for the month.    Thanks 
 Hey Nella,  When I got in this morning, I had received an e-mail from Daddy on last Friday.  He said that everything was okay financially  for the future, and they only had an immediate need for the tax money.  He sounded okay with me asking about it.  He even said "You are so sweet with words".  He just doesn't realize, but we get that ability from him.  How was your weekend, mine was good, we spent alot of time outside.  We went to the B-Day party and the kids bowled and boy did Kendall love bowling.  In fact Jordan, ny athletic one, bowled a strike.  They call it bumper bowling because they put up little bumpers.  All the kids enjoyed it so much, Natasha and I are going to take the kids back in a couple of weeks and let them bowl one day after we get off work.  Bowling alleys notoriously have good food. Yesterday, we went to the park and spent several hours outside, it was like in the low 80's yesterday.  I'm glad daylight savings time is here, its so nice to be able to get home and get things taken care of before it gets dark.  This morning, I went to drop the kids off at the daycare at 6:30 a.m. (mind you, I'm running about 10  minutes late) and the daycare teacher (the wife of one of Todd's good friends) that opens up the facility (she's the only one with a key) was late again.  Now the heffa was late one day last week and I didn't say anything, beccause everyone is late every once in awhile, but she made me late for work last week.  So...I blew up this morning and had to leave the kids standing in the parking lot with about 3 other teachers and 6 other parents with their kids.  I want to call up their and complain, but I think I'll talk with her first (maybe!)    She needs to get her stuff together, because first thing in the morning is not a time to play with folks.   Talk with you later 
 I spoke with Robin last night for a minute.  You didn't tell me how good church was on Sunday.   She said Kathy Florence really preached and encouraged me to buy the tape!  It must have been awesome!  Anyway, are you going to rehearsal tonight?  How are things going with Steve's party and have you set a time yet?  What does he want/need  for his birthday?  I know he loves Power Rangers, but is there anything else, maybe something you had been planning to buy, (pajamas, underwear, shirt, pants, socks, etc.)  Talk to ya! 
 I just called my other friend, her name is Renee Lewis and her home number is 281-484-2380.  She has sang the I Believe in You and Me song mnay times before at weddings and she is familar with Kissing You, but said its a really sexy song,  Have Barbara call her because she has alot of ideas.  She's a professional now and she can suggest all kinds of songs.  Take care! 
 Yes, she'snot familiar with the music, but said she would listen to the music and see what she thought, but I have put in a call to my other friend, but I know she would do it if her schedule was open, but she does is professionally, and I know there would be a charge,  I should hear something today from my other friend. 
 I spoke with Robin last night for a minute.  You didn't tell me how good church was on Sunday.   She said Kathy Florence really preached and encouraged me to buy the tape!  It must have been awesome!  Anyway, are you going to rehearsal tonight?  How are things going with Steve's party and have you set a time yet?  What does he want/need  for his birthday?  I know he loves Power Rangers, but is there anything else, maybe something you had been planning to buy, (pajamas, underwear, shirt, pants, socks, etc.)  Talk to ya! 
 Hey Girl,  Yes, we had our concert, it was real good, had a very poor turnout, but he choir really enjoyed themselves.  Rickey Dillard is a fool!  He's alot of fun, and I didn't realize he was gay, but he is.  Everyone says he used to be gay, and not he's changed, but......  I spoke with Daddy on Friday, and he asked me where was his e-mail.  I haven't heard anything from him as of yet, but I did send him a e-mail asking the question.  Did he do his radio program yesterday?  Yesterday, we went to the beach and rented some horses and went horseback riding,  Kendall loved it, Jordan was a little skeptical at first, but soon got used to the idea.  I myself was a little skeptical, because I had ol' Kendall on my horse, and wanted to hold on to the little know on the saddle, instead of me, all I had was the reins,  at first I said "the hell with this", but it was fun, we'll definitely do it again.  Talk with you later! 
 That's funny, that they still had the same outfit you looked at back in the fall.  If I'm not mistaken, the "O" magazine, the one that Oprah Winfrey publlishes had a coupon for August Max stores.  I'm not sure iif it was this issue or last month, but call the store and see, and it may be worth buying a magazine for the coupon.  I'm not surprised about Hope, it was such a late night.  See you later 
 Daddy,  I hope I'm not overstepping my boundaries, if I am, so sorry, but....I wanted to find out from you if everything is okay financially with you and Mom.   I need to know now, rather than later, if we need to set up a game plan for you guys.  Also, you don 't have to be emotional about borrowing money from me, nobody else is (smile).  After all, I owe you one!!  Love Bernie! 
 Yes, I'll ask her, but I also know someone else that sings at weddings professionally!  Do you know what song? 
 No, I don't know her number. but Anessa is , huh!  Just call up to the church and give them your count for dinner for the kids. 
 Hey Girl,  Sorry about last night, remember I told you I was looking for my NyQuil, well I found it and took a couple of swigs and went straight to sleep.  I really meant to call you back, but could not wake up.  I finally woke up around 11:30 and got up and got a drink of water.  By the way, the latest, unconfirmed rumor, is that Samatha and Anessa Hall Joseph are supposed to be pregnant!  See you! 
 Test message, I wrote up a whole e-mail and lost it,  my e-mail is acting up, so before I re-type this, I want to see if you get this! 
 Hey Bobbi,  Here is a revised nomination sheet for March, and also, I know you'll be shocked, but I sent the contract to the lawyers for approval, so we should get it back shortly!  See ya 
 Hi Roni  Charnella had asked that I send you information regarding scooters.  The outfit is called Scoot Around North America.  They have a web site at www.scootaround.com.  Their phone number is 1-888-441-7575.  Hope this works out for you.  Take Care! 
 Phillip.   The following four deals are the only ones that need to new mid for NBPL:   459238  606567  689712  68792  The rest of that list is misleading, etc. etc. etc.! 
 I'm sorry, I came looking for you on Friday at 3:00 p.m.  I thought I had responded to you and indicated that Friday at 3:00 was okay, but I checked my e-mails and discovered that I did not respond.   Anyway, my fault, what's good for you next week?  ( I promise I'll respond when you e-mail me back, instead of just putting it on my calendar.)  Thanks 
 Hi Marlo,  This deal was done on Enron Online, so do we need to get further information from Enron Online?  Please let me know? 
 Hey Sugar Bear!   I was just thinking about you and was hoping that everything is going okay for you.  I constantly keep you in prayer regarding your situation.   How's Erika doing?  You missed church Sunday when they forceably removed one of the guys (aaron Burr) from the church.  You remember he was the one that used to sit on the front row and get happy alllllllllll the time.  You remember him, anyway they hauled his tail out of there.  It was terrible to see someone hauled from the church, not matter what the situation is.  Oh well, take care, and call me if we need to talk!!!! 
 So nice to hear from you.  I miss not being able to see you and talk with you on a regular basis.  I hope the kids are dong fine.  Jordan went to children's church this Sunday and he definitely asked about Taylor.  He just starts smiling when I mention her name.  That little mannish boy already likes girls, I think.    Anyway, things are going okay, I'm still leaning toward trying to find a part-time position next year.  This job is so very hard!  Take care! 
 Thanks for the schedule.  If the game with Seattle is still available on Thursday, April 5, I would love to use the seats.  Thanks for your help!!! 
 Sorry, can't do it on Thursday, but what about Friday sometime? 
 Hi Jeanie,  What is your schedule looking like for this week or next in the late afternoon? 
 Thanks for the "words of encouragement".  I just sent an e-mail to my Human Resources Rep and will wait to get a response.  I am so READY!!.  I've set up a meeting with my financial advisor for tomorrow to go over things again since I really have made up my mind.  Talk with you tonight! 
 Hi Jeannie,  Several months ago I met with Jennifer Milligan regarding part-time employment. I still have an interest in this area, and thought I would drop you a note to see if you know of any upcoming opportunities/positions within the company.  I have no definite time frame, but I do know that I do have a strong interest in part-time employment.  Please let me know if anything comes up, and also if we need to meet.  I would appreciate discretion regarding my search for part-time employment ( please do not discuss with Hunter) as I do not want to jeopardize my position on the desk or have him thinking that I'm not giving 100% because I'm interested in part-time employment.  I've casually mentioned this to him in the past, so he's somewhat aware, but probably did not take me very seriously.  Thanks for your help! 
 Sorry, it took so long to respond to the e-mail.  Hope, you guys are doing well! Yes, I'm interested in receiving the address list for the attendees!  We really need to get something out pretty soon to the people.  Grandpa says people are calling, (I wonder if its just one or two people), but nevertheless, we still need to get something out.  Talk with you soon! 
 Hey Nella,  When I got in this morning, I had received an e-mail from Daddy on last Friday.  He said that everything was okay financially  for the future, and they only had an immediate need for the tax money.  He sounded okay with me asking about it.  He even said "You are so sweet with words".  He just doesn't realize, but we get that ability from him.  How was your weekend, mine was good, we spent alot of time outside.  We went to the B-Day party and the kids bowled and boy did Kendall love bowling.  In fact Jordan, ny athletic one, bowled a strike.  They call it bumper bowling because they put up little bumpers.  All the kids enjoyed it so much, Natasha and I are going to take the kids back in a couple of weeks and let them bowl one day after we get off work.  Bowling alleys notoriously have good food.  Yesterday, we went to the park and spent several hours outside, it was like in the low 80's yesterday.  I'm glad daylight savings time is here, its so nice to be able to get home and get things taken care of before it gets dark.  This morning, I went to drop the kids off at the daycare at 6:30 a.m. (mind you, I'm running about 10  minutes late) and the daycare teacher (the wife of one of Todd's good friends) that opens up the facility (she's the only one with a key) was late again.  Now the heffa was late one day last week and I didn't say anything, beccause everyone is late every once in awhile, but she made me late for work last week.  So...I blew up this morning and had to leave the kids standing in the parking lot with about 3 other teachers and 6 other parents with their kids.  I want to call up their and complain, but I think I'll talk with her first (maybe!)    She needs to get her stuff together, because first thing in the morning is not a time to play with folks.   Talk with you later 
 Hey,  How's it going today?  I've been thinking about you and Siera.  Did things go alright last night.  Have you heard any more back from the principals yet, or are you not going to know anything until tomorrow? I know tonight is study night for her spelling test, so I probably won't talk to you tonight.  Rev. Jackson called me yesterday.  I thought that was funny, he said they had told him that I was upset about my contribution statement, and he thought he would give me a call to apologize and see if he could do anything.  He then went on to say that he didn't want any problems or misunderstandings, because I was a generous contributor.  I then proceeded to give him a piece of my mind, because they need to get serious about the business end of the church. By the way, I was talking to Kent the other day, and he mentioned that Carolyn Jenkins was no longer at the church.  That's interesting.  I can only imagine what happened there!  Anyway, do you have your African attire yet?  I have some, but it's old, and I had been thinking about buying something new.  I might go to Sharpstown and have a look, but that is not set in stone.  It depends on what type of time I have and what type of mood I'm in.  You know we're supposed to wear our African attire on Sunday.  You know we have an outing to First Metropolitan Church on Sunday at 3:00 p.m.  I'm pretty sure I won't be attending.  I'm tired of going to the same places.  We need some variety.  Gregg needs to get some new "hook-ups" if he wants people to keep supporting them on the outings.  And another thing, I am so sick of singing the same songs.  If we have to sing "In the Sanctuary"  one more time, I'm going to throw up.  I received an e-mail from Lane Bryant with some coupons for 15 or 20% off. It said you could only print the coupon once, but I printed it several times, and it kept printing, so remind me to give you a coupon.  See you later!!!!! 
 In addition, to learning about the $0.15 default allowance for buyback volumes, I have also discovered that we need to deduct another $0.15 to $0.18 per MMBtu to cover firm transportation costs that we incur as a result of this transaction.  The cost will vary depending on the fuel costs.  The transport cost is made up of $0.0103 commodity fee, $0.07 demand fee and fuel of 1%.  Please provide some direction on this, as I will need to adjust the pricing in sitara, but would like to make sure that I'm performing the correct procedure.  Thanks for your help.  P.S. I do agree with your last e-mail . 
 Yes, it is working, you're up early this morning, it's not even noon yet. You must be feeling good today! 
 As far as vacation, I think we are thinking of going to Virginia Beach, VA. and just renting a house on the beach.  I've never been there, but have heard a few good things about it.  I'm trying to get more information before I go ahead and book a house.  Also, with my dad being sick, I've been somewhat reluctant to do it, because we always take a family trip each year.  God is good, so he'll probably get a chance to go.  Have you made any plans yet?  If you do, make sure and plan something leisurely.  Also, yes, we need to institute the park days and let these kids go CRAZY. They all seem to get along real well.  So my girl, has good taste.  I knew she had it in her.  I really, really like my Tahoe.  I wish I had bought it sooner.  It took me about a month to get used to it, but now I'm rolling.  Tell your sister I said hi, and let me know when she's in town again and when ever you guys have some time.  I would love to get together again. 
 So nice to hear from, it is indeed always a pleasure.  I can't wait until we can get together and have a chance to really chit chat.  We're always so busy, "A woman's work is never done".  I did not go to rehearsal the other night myself, I had a customer in town and had to take him out to dinner, since he's one of my biggest customers.  I'm looking forward to my 3 day weekend, are you guys working on Monday, President's Day?  I'm off and can't wait.  I will certainly keep you in prayer, my child.  Love you!!  . 
 Hey, how did the appointment go yesterday?  Were you trying to e-mail me yesterday?  I received a message regarding returned mail, did you get one as well?  I spoke with Val the other day and also said hi to Aunt Ethel.  They seem to be fine.  Val and I had been playing telephone tag ( really did not want to talk with her because she ticked me off, but I'm over it now) for about the last two months, so she finally caught me on my cell phone.  You know I always keep my cell phone on when I'm away from the house and office.  The number is 713-851-6240.  When I'm at church, the phone is off as well, but anyother time, it's most always on.  And of course, my pager number is on my business card.  Anyway, please e-mail me back, if you're up an about.  Talk with you soon. 
 Just in case, I have not made it real PLAIN, you deliver an AWESOME Video, It is extremely professional, easy to follow, and concise!  Keep up the GOOD WORK!  Thanks again!!! 
 Hi there!  Just checking on you.  Did you make it to practice last night and did Lucretia's husband keep the kids? (smile).  If so, what time did you get back home, I know it was late.  I went to Auchan's last night to try to see what they had in the way of western attire for the kids.  They did not have much, and the hats for $2.99 were on back order.    I was looking for western shirts for the kids, but they did not have a good selection, so I went to a Western store on Gessner.  Boy, what a mistake, they were so darn high. Regular shirts for kids cost $25 and they were ugly.  I walked out saying that these people are serious about their western wear.  I brought in some gospel cds to work today and I've been listening to them on my headphones.  It sure helps alot.  I can get away with it, because we have certain weather reports that are produced by Enron, that you have to wear headphones to hear, so it looks good.  Plus, the boss doesn't mind.  We listen to music just about all day anyway.  Have you heard the Chester D.T. Baldwin tape.  I think it's one of my favorites.  Speaking of gospel, is your family  still planning on  doing a concert at Southwest when they come in for the family reunion?  I was wondering about that!  Have you talked to Sharon and offered her your congrats yet, I want to call her, but I don't want to make it seem like Hope is telling all of her business.  Talk with you later! 
 Hi  I'm reponding on behalf of myself and Hunter Shively.   Hunter will be out of the office on Tuesday, and I will have a visitor in the office from Nicor on that same afternoon.  Thank you for the invitation! 
 Please sign me up. 
 I don't know where that came from, it's old,  but it reminds me of that song, "Hey Little Walter!"  My dad called last night and he had a terrific day on Sunday.  GOD is good! 
 Hi Shielah,  I agree with changing the deal to reflect a Chicago Gas Daily-Daily Flat for the December 22-26 time period.  Please ask Julie to change the ticket, I always get confused.  Thanks 
 That is WONDERFUL!!!!!! 
 Did you check with Steve about the rodeo on February 18th?  I want to try to get tickets this evening.  Talk to you later. 
 Just checking up on you to see how you're feeling.  Are you feeling alright? How did the last test go? 
 Do you all have any rodeo tickets?  I'm thinking about going to stand in line?  I want to see Destiny's Child, what about you? 
 Alright, I'll check into both places.  I thought you were going to the Dr. today?  After I typed this, I said to myself, I guess I could have re--read your original memo.  Anyway, how often do you check your e-mail at home, because I can start using this to talk to you? 
 Hey girl,  How's it going?  Haven't had a chance to talk with you over the last two days.  I went to get me hair done on Wednesday night and did not get home until 11:00 p.m.  By the time I got the kids to bed, it was almost midnight and I was sick about keeping them up that late.  Last night, I went to the grocery store, came home and cooked my boys a good meal of ham, macaroni and cheese and green beans.  After we relaxed for a while, we started getting ready for their baths and we all went to bed around 8:30 p.m.  I was exhausted from being out late Tuesday and Wednesday night.  I woke up around 1:00 a.m. and watched TV for a few minutes and went back to bed.   I was tired.  This evening I made a nail appointment.  My nails look like "do-do".  I would like to get a new set tonight, but we'll see if we get off early enough for that.  Daddy sent me a e-mail today, he had two really bad days on Wednesday and Friday, but he's scheduled to go in for more tests today.  Talk with you later! 
 Hi Daddy,   I was thinking about you earlier this morning.  Glad to hear that you are not in any pain right now.  We just need to keep pressing to find the right combination of medicine.  My experience has been to be very persistent with the doctors and don't let up on them for re-evaluation.  I've learned alot with the boys, especially when they were very young and could not communicate.  I was kust extremely persistent, because there is no need for pain and  discomfort when, most  times, there is so combination of medicines that will get the job done.  I was telling Momma I was cracking up when you were talking about your "breakthrough" on the radio.  I told her, if only the audience knew what you were talking about!  I still haven't had a chance to check into those houses in Virginina Beach for our vacation, I called yesterday afternoon around 4:30 and they were closed,I forgot about the time difference.  I 'm probably hesitating because I know everyone wants to go to Washington, and I;'m not quite sure that this is the right place.  What are your thoughts?  Well anyway, good luck on the "butt procedure", boy you and your butt".  Hope it's not too painful.  Keep taking the medicine and I'll talk with you this evening.  Is this your home e-mail or your office? 
 Jesus,  Please show me a bid for this Cargill Deal.  It is 25 MMBtu/d day, May-October, 2001 with balancing and anything else that typically goes along with it.  I think the best option at this time is just ot get a bid from you.  Also there is a piece at Nicor that goes along with it, but it is a monthly volume commitment, and does not include balancing.  I don't plan to give you that portion, but it may be that the customer does not want it broken up.  The volume is roughly 33,000 for the month.    Thanks 
 Hey girl,  Where are the pictures, they were not attached.  I'll call you this afternoon.  Patrice 
 I bought a car, please do not e-mail me anymore! 
 I plan to withdraw 500,000 for the month, I will revise sheet as we revise the volumes, but the plan is to withdraw 500,000.  Thanks 
 P.S. Kelli is going to send the Midcontinent volumes & prices. 
 Sorry, I got a little trigger happy! 
 How did it go with Lil' Steve.  Were you able to get his fever reduced?  Poor thing, I hope he's feeling better.  How Siera?  Well, anyway, just was thinking about the kids and thought I'd drop you a line.  Are you rehearsing tonight? 
 Hey Kenny.  Thanks for checking on me.  My trip to Omaha was okay.  On one hand, it gave me a real good idea of what type of shape Daddy really is in.  It's not real good, but he feels optimistic.  You know he has prostate cancer and I believe it has started spreading into the bones.  He's very, very weak, can't walk more than 10 to 20 steps without becoming physically worn out.  Mom has to drive him everywhere he goes, (he doesn't go that many places).  He's definitely has his good days and his bad days.  He is taking regular pain pills constantly and has morphine tablets for extreme pain, which he's in half the time.  It's really sad.  He's lost alot of weight, but he's in good spirits I guess.    To talk to him over the phone or hear him over tje radio, you would swear he's in great health.  It's was really hard for me to get a true perspective because I know he was trying to put on his best act, so that I would not worry.   It's extremely hard to see your parents going through this kind of suffering.  He says he going to beat this thing, so alot of times, it's mind over matter, along with lots of prayer.  Mom is wanting to quit her job, (she's a teachers aide), but Daddy doesn't want her to do it.  Daddy says he's going back to work.  Please pray for Mom as well, I know she's scared to death, and doesn't know what to really do.  Talk to you later! 
 Hey girl,  You didn't tell me that Jennifer changed her name.  I called her cell phone and left a message and it gave her real name, not her slave name.  I cracked up!  Seems like the older people get, the crazier they get.  That reminds me when my mother called herself changing her name from Louise to Louisa.  I answered the telephone at her house and they said "Is Louisa there, and She said, oh that's for me".  I cracked up!  Anyway, funny thing happened on the way to the forum, no seriously I was standing the lobby on Friday, and a young man asked me if my name was Patrice.  Turned out he was Birdell's son, Dupree, remember him?  He's back down here working for Prostaff delivering boxes.  He's turned into a nice looking young man.  I called Dale and spoke with her for a few minutes.  She seems to be doing fine, only spoke for a few minutes though.  I'll call her back one of these days when I have more time.  Missed you at Jordan's party.  Silly me, I didn't figure it out until Saturday that you had Shayla drop off the gift.  I initially thought it was from Shayla.  Well anyway, you rolling? 
 Grant,  Please review and let' discuss how to resolve.  Thanks 
 Please let me know why my VAR is $2.2 million.  My position is 108.3 short, so I need to know why the VAR is so large .  Hunter would like an answer as soon as psossible.  Thanks 
 I'm thinking that I have probably missed you, but anyway, it was so nice to hear from you.  We're haviing Jordan's birthday party tonight.  So thwat's what we'll be doing this weekend!   Talk to you soon!  Love Bernie 
 Hey Gang,  I've called the trader at Sempra and she is researching and will let us know something, hopefully, this afternoon.  Thanks 
 Well, go with Startech's invoice.  Thanks 
 Hi Priscilla,  These deals are a mess,  I remember issues with the deals, but unfortunately, can't remember all the details.  I will speak with our Calgary office, as well as, our Operations Manager, George Smith, and provide details to you ASAP.  Unfortunately, I think the ASAP won't be until Monday, as George Smith is out of the office until Monday.  Thanks, 
 Oh no, nothing urgent, I just feel like i take one step forward and two steps backward,  you know the drill! 
 Hope,   You're the Best!!!!!! 
 Cool girl, that'll work out fine.  It sounds like Hope will be attending also.  Kenny can't come, so that was disappointing, but I'll see him on Saturday for his daughter's party.  Talk with you later.  We need to talk!!!! 
 Hey lady,  Just in case you are interested, I changed Jordan's party to this Friday night at 6:45 p.m. same place.  Love ya! 
 It will be at 6:45 p.m.   Todd had such a fit because it was on a Monday, which I prefer! 
 Just wanted to confirm  that you guys are available on Friday night for Jordan's party.  You never did call me back! 
 What's Happening?   How's it going?  I will not be at rehearsal tonight because I'm going to get my hair done.  I figured that you all will be practicing (is that how you spell practice) your Easter songs and I will be in Omaha for Easter so I don't need to learn the songs, as we only sing them on Easter anyway.  Besides, just in case you didn't hear, we don't sing this Sunday (We switch with the kids), since you all will sing on Easter for all 4 services.  This daylight savings time is nice.  It's so nice to be able to get home and still habe daylight instead of feeling like you whole day is shot once it gets dark.  Did you find any houses that you liked?  How long were you out?  Talk with you later! 
 Thank you.  You may call the other product NGPL Nicor GDD.  Thanks again! 
 Oh I'm glad you sent me an e-mail because there is no rehearsal tonight!!!!! Tasha said she saw Taylor in the children's church, and I looked for you in the audience, but did not see you.  After church let out, I was gone, I was home by 1:15 p.m.  That never happens!  I looked for you guys and I said, oh well, I'll catch them later.  By the way, I'm having Jordan's B-Day party on Monday evening, January 22, 2000 at the Chuckie Cheese on the Southwest Freeway,  Yes I'm having it on a Monday night after work (6:30 p.m.) because I can't stand that place, and Jordan has his heart set on it.  It's always too crowded and it drives me crazy!  So I figure, we'll meet between 6:30 and 7:00 p.m. and be out of there by 8:30 p.m.  It's not the best plan, but it beats a Friday, Saturday or a Sunday.  I'm just inviting about 6 people. so it'll definitely be small Let me know if you're interested.  See you soon!. 
 Hi Melba,  Will you please create a new product that reads as follows:  The interconnection between Alliance Pipeline Company and Vector Pipeline Company located in Will County, Illinois.  I also would like a NGPL Nicor product set up that uses the Gas Daily Posting for "Chicago LDC-Large end-users" midpoint.  I will need to have the Vector Alliance set up for tomorrow if possible.  Thanks Melba! 
 I already purchased the vehicle.  Thank you 
 Hey Greg,  Please forward to Ms. Bobbi.  Thank you 
 Hey,  I was just getting ready to send you an e-mail and I opened my mail and there you were.  Things are going okay, the market is down 14 cents so we'll see where it ends up.  Yes, good news, my dad got out of the hospital yesterday and they called just as I was leaving for rehearsal and he's doing pretty well.  He still is extremely tired and has not regained his strength, but Praise God, at least he's out of the hospital and in good spirits.  I suspect that there is alot that goes on that they don't tell me, so I really don't know everything.  But I made them promise to give me things, as they happen.  I'm going down there next month.  We get President's Day off and I'll be on my way.  Todd wants to drive, but I don't see the point, when the weather may turn on you in a heartbeat, and especially with Kendall.  He's drive us crazy!  Anyway, we have a three day weekend this week, with Dr.King's birthday, are you off?  I spoke with Robin last night and she was mainly complaining about her job, but she's hanging in there.  See you later! 
 On December 21, 2000,  I reported a weighted average price of $16.00 for gas flow on  December 22-26, 2000.  The weighted average trade price via Enron Online will reflect a price of $15.76.   This price was increased to $16.00 to encompass trades transacted via the telephone.  The reason for the interest in this time period is as follows:  Nicor Gas Company was closed for  their company holiday on Friday, December 22nd.  As a result, volumes delivered at Nicor were traded for  the December 22-26 time period.  Gas Daily published a price of $15.70 for the December 22-26 time period.  Nicor Gas Company made a decision to buy gas on December 22nd (even though they were closed)  for the December 23-26 time period, which resulted in a $13.88 posting for the December 23-26th period.  I received several phone calls from various marketing companies expressing concern that Gas Daily was going to revise the posting, based on the minimal activity that transacted on December 22nd.  While, my practice is to simply take the price as reported on Enron Online, from time-to-time, there will be significant volumes transacted over the telephone that will impact the Enron Online price.  My volume  is a little over-stated, but simply  from a cursory glance standpoint, as opposed to intentionally reporting erroneous information. 
 Thank you,  my boss had me on a rush project and he was stressing me out.  Thanks again! 
 For December 21, 2000 activity, I reported a weighted average price of $16.00 for activity for December 22-26, 2000.  The weighted average trade price via Enron Online will reflect a price of $15.76, but coupled with the volume not transacted online, this price was estimated to be a $16.00 midpoint.  Specificially the following trades were transacted over the telephone:  Nicor Gas Company  $18.16  20,000  Via ANR @ Hampshire Altrade    GDD +.05 10,000  NGPL Nicor WPS    GDD    5,000  NGPL Nicor Nicor Gas Company  $12.00  20,000  NGPL Nicor PG&E    $14.00   9,000  NGPL Nicor Kaztex    $18.16       4,000  NBPL/Nicor   The reason for the interest in this time period is as follows:  Nicor Gas Company observed their company holiday on December 22nd, while most companies observed the company holiday on December 26th.  As a result, volumes were traded for the December 22-26 time period.  Gas Daily published a price of $15.70 for the December 22-26 time period.  Nicor Gas Company made a decision to buy gas on December 22nd for the December 23-26 time period.  I received several phone calls from various marketing companies expressing concern that Gas Daily was going to revise the posting, based on the minimal activity that transacted on December 22nd.  While, my practice is to simply take the price as reported on Enron Online, from time-to-time, the there will be significant volumes transacted over the telephone that will impact the Enron Online price.  My volume  is a little over-stated, but simply  from a cursory glance standpoint, as opposed to intentionally reporting erroneous information. 
 sounds perfect, -- do you need cash or is a check okay? 
 Hi Monique,  We have a mutual friend, Natasha Sims.  Natasha and I attend the same church and sing in the choir together, and we were talking yesterday about Mary Kay products and she told me that you are her rep and that we work at the same place.  What a coincidence!  To top it all off, I received an e-mail from Angie Collins and your name was also on the e-mail, so I said, "I have got to send her an e-mail".  Well, anyway, I would like to order some products.  I would like the cleanser for normal skin, a concealer in the ebony bronze, and a black liquid eyeliner.  Please let me know if you have these items in stock and what the charge is an when we can hook up!  Thank you so much.  Patrice X35772 
 You go girl, you're in my prayers! 
 Hi Dan  This memo shall confirm our agreement to deliver 3,000 MMBtu's per day to National Steel for the above referenced time period.  Deliveries will be at the NGPL Nipsco City Gate.  Call if you have further questions.  Thanks 
 Oh Hope,  So nice to hear from you!  I think about you all the time.  I miss not seeing you every Tuesday!  Are you considering coming back any time soon?  If not, I certainly understand, we are so "messy".  We just finished "Take it to the Bridge" and I can say that it was certainly more organized than last year. We performed at 4:00 for about 1 hour and we were free the rest of the day. A big improvement over last year, although they wanted us there at 11:00 that morning.  I just bought a new truck for me and the kids, a 2001 Chevy Tahoe. I really like it, but I'm still trying to get used to driving something that big, and it sits so high, whoa!!  I certainly am praying, just as you are, that the kids are doing great and everything is going great for you.   We'll have to get together and do a "afternoon at the park" with the kids.  Take care.  Love ya!  P.S. Now that I have your e-mail address, I'll e-mail more often! 
 Call id you have any discrepancies.  Thanks 
 Yes, I'll see you there! 
 What's happening?  How's your day going so far?  Mine is pretty good so far, we'll see at 2:10 p.m. when the Nymex closes.   Are you doing rehearsal tonight?  I still need to get me a good black dress, I really liked your red dress.  I need something on that order .  See you later!!!! 
 I heard they closed the schools because of too much snow!  What's it look like? 
 The lady's name is Charlene Jackson.  I don't know here, but give her a call and check it out.  See you Sunday! 
 I really don't remember the name, but it was a man.  He specifically quoted dollar amounts of $9,475.808.18 vs. $9,298,971.71.  Hope this helps!  Thank you very much1 
 Test message, I wrote up a whole e-mail and lost it,  my e-mail is acting up, so before I re-type this, I want to see if you get this! 
 Val,  What is this e-mail about, did you mean to send it to me?  Send me some of those funny jokes that are going around.   Talk to ya later! 
 Hi Darla,  Could you please help me out?  Someone from Nicor called me last week and said we had a discrepancy for September business.  All he said was that there is a difference of $176,836 that we owe them.  Can you give me a general idea of what the discrepancy is?  Thanks for your help. 
 Scott,  Finally, here's the resolution on the Coenergy invoice for April, 1999.  Coenergy is telling me that the we need to pay the difference $2.90 vs. $2.74 on 10,000 MMBtu per day.  If this is true, please pay the difference of $0.155 to Coenergy on a volume of 10,000 MMBtu per day for April, 1999.  If your understanding is different, please let me know, but otherwise please pay the difference.  Thank you for your patience, and sorry it took so long to resolve. 
 Hey Daddy,  What a very pleasant surprise to hear from you in the middle of the day!!! Things here are a little exciting, they are asking us to spend the night in one of the hotels downtown, as the streets are supposed to ice over tonight. So quite naturally, nobody's mind is on work, it's on the weather.  So needless to say, I have a little bit of time on my hands.  The boys are going over to Grandma Springer's house tonight to spend the night and Todd and I will just stay downtown.  I understand that you guys had some bad weather as well, I know Mom was out of school.  I will definitely go and get the Tekno dog for the kids, they will enjoy it so much.  Kendall celebrated his 2nd birthday yesterday and had fun.  Todd bought him a mini basketball goal and he really thinks he's a big boy now. It's really cute.  On the other hand, Jordan was feeling a little neglected because of Kendall's cake and presents, but he's okay.  It was just  a new experience, him not getting anything while his brother gets new toys.  Anyway, I'll send your tape.  See you later and I hope you're still taking your medicine on a timely basis  Love  Bernie 
 How are you doing today?  Boy, isn't it cold!!!!!!  I don't think I will be at choir rehearsal tonight because of work.  Isn't the Christmas program Sunday?  I can't believe we are so ill-prepared.  We've only had two non-dedicated practices for the program.  We are required to spend the night downtown tonight (I'll be at the Double Tree Allen Center) because of the impending icy streets and the fear of not being able to get in tomorrow morning.  It's supposed to rain or lightly mist tonight between 11:00 p.m. and 8:00 a.m.   The streets are supposed to be treacherous if this thing materializes, so be very careful, in fact, you might want to talk with your supervisor  to come up with a contingency plan for the weather.  Anyway, that's all for now, talk with you later! 
 See Attached 
 What's happening?  I know you've been busy, I remembered that Thursday night is Ciera's (spelling?) review night.  Everything is well here at work and at home.  I 'm leaving early today, probably, around 3:00 p.m.  We've had a pretty good week and we're ready to go home and start over next week..  Next week is really supposed to be cold here and in the Midwest, so it will really be a busy work week.  I think I might try to stop at the mall sometime today, whether it be late tonight (you know they're open until 11:00 p.m. I think) or right after work.  I will pick up a gift certificate from Victoria's Secret for Samantha if I make it out.   Do you want to go in on it, I was going to spend  about $25 (believe me, she is looking for a gift!).  Have you made a decision on the Christmas Party?  We're still going to mine, but girl, we have to take the kids over to Todd's mother and she lives in Bear Creek and then drive all the way back to Enron Field.  My regular babysitter could not do it.  Anyway, holler at me! 
 Please attached! 
 Hi Melba,  While we're in the midst of creating new products, will you please set up a new product called:  NGPL North Shore Gas Company.  The description should be:  The interconnection between Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America and North Shore Gas Company .  It should be mapped to Chicago.  I would like to use this product tomorrow as well.  Thanks for your help!  P.S.   Also, you may just use North Shore Gas for the decriptor.  Thanks 
 Girl, you cracked me up talking about the "holler" .  Now you know I don't know.  It was raggedy because we did not sing it with the lead.  He probably won't spring it on you Sunday, because we did not do that good without you there.  I am so tired from last night.  Everything is so rushed, and I did not get the kids in bed until 10:35 and then I had to get them up at 6:00 a.m.  I'm tired, so I know they are.  On top of all of that, the market is up another $1.00 today (yeah!!), but we have to stay late tonight  to go over our positions as a group.  My boss said that we will all stay until it's done, so make arrangements.  Naturally, Todd is working the evening shift, so I'm trying to work something out with my girlfriend and her daughter.  They just live right down the street.  So we'll see!  Talk with you later! 
 Bobbi,  Here is the final for March, 2001, I'm preparing the April, 2001  sheet as well! 
 Please see attached! 
 Greg set me up a nice little sheet.  So here is the updated version with new volumes! 
 No, but let me see what I can come up with.  It's early now, so it will be about another hour before they start to show up here in the office.  I'll let you know. 
 Attached are the Chicago prices.  The Michcon and Consumers are coming later. 
 Bobbi,   Attached are the final numbers for the interruptible balancing for November, 2000.  I have also attached a tentative schedule for December, 2000 for both the firm and interruptible.  Those schedules will probably be revised once we get through December 1st nominations and "boo-boos".  Thanks 
 It's about time, but well worth the wait.  He's is soooooo cute! 
 Well, hell, I forgot the attachment!  Here it is........ 
 We sold Steve a package of 10,000 at the Nipsco city gate.  Thanks for your help! 
 This is super fantastic!!!  See, it all pays off!  I can't wait to talk with you and find out more about it!  Let me know if you are rolling tonight! 
 Sorry, it took so long!  It's kind of hard to say, but just say that during an altercation ......, but you do not have to say with who, I really don't know, but let me know what you come up with.  How much detail  are they looking for with the Police report! 
 Hey guys,  Here is the activity sheet for November.  All activity is for the Balancing Agreement only!!!!!  I am planning to inject approximately 15,000 MMBtu per day for the rest of the month and that should put me in a pretty good position.  Please respond when you have a minute.   Thanks 
 I can't do anything on Tuesday nights, but let me know about Monday.  I just need a couple of days notice. 
 Hey thanks for the info.   Ann, from Alliance, said that 160,000 MMBtu/d went to Peoples, so, it's all making sense.  Thanks again! 
 So, I'm glad we see "eye-to-eye" on that one regarding Razoo's !  Robin and Anna have the strangest way of doing things.  I asked Robin at least two weeks ago, and she said she had to get with Anna, and now she's telling you that they're ready and haven't said anything in the way of confirmation to me.  Let me see if I can get ahold of her and then we'll talk again, because at this point, I'll need a sitter b/c Todd has the work Friday night, and he'll be tired on Saturday (although that's no problem).  But, like last time, I don't want to go if you can't go.  Let me try and call her and we'll talk later.  So are you free on Saturday?  Also, everything is going okay over here, the market is down severely this morning, so we'll see! 
 My id is pmims 
 That's news to me!  I don't think I like Razoo's.  I'll have to see if I'm available. 
 Yes, Sorry, forgot to mention it to you, but nothing was set in stone.    In fact, I initiated the invitation on behalf of me and you.  Are you free?, are they free?, I don't even know if I'm free.  What did they say? 
 So hello,  What happened at rehearsal last night?  I did not make it, partly because I was tired and I had several errands to take care of.  I needed to stop by K-Mart and the grocery store last night to get things I really needed, and just did not want to be out late.  Let me know!!!  Talk to you later.  P.S. is everthing else going okay? 
 Hey Rev. Jackson,  Hello sir, how are you?  Well, I tell you Pastor really outdid himself yesterday.  I really enjoyed his sermon.  He really has a knack for weaving a story and making it applicable to today's events, etc.  Tasha and I got so tickled, watching you sing that song.  You did very well. We said, "Look at Rev. Jackson, he's jammin".  Well, anyway, talk to you later! 
 Hey girl,  What's happening?  Girl, remind me, just in case I have a memory lapse, that I will never, ever go back over to that church again.  It's a nice, small church, but those folks crack me up.  Last time I went, Sharon Mahon, sat next to me and just really acted a fool and had me roaring.  This time, those fools sitting by me (audrey and Doren) had me laughing, especially Audrey. They're fools!  I was so embarassed that my chuckle came out!  So, just remind me, I will never go back over there.   I sure hate that you missed seeing the baptismal pool!  Boy, what a difference a day makes in the weather.  Last night, Todd cleaned out the closet, because of the potential tornado threat.  I was a little unnerved, especially with the kids.  I had the kids put on their shoes and socks and whatnot, just in case something happened.  I was a praying sister. That really scared me.  Then, to top it off, the weather got really cold this morning!  Oh well, talk with you later! 
 What's up with this guy.  I guess he called Mr. Palmer.  How did that come about!  He really feels as though he's been mistreated.  I don't understand him! 
 Girl, did you see Jesse Jackson on TV.   You know how they have the news on around here, and Jesse came on and said, "In order to have a RECOUNT, you have to have the FIRST COUNT, and it's not a black and white issue, its a wrong or right issue".   Always trying to rhyme!   Can you believe that idiot.  I was too embarassed and kind of acted like I wasn't paying attention.  I understand that Jesse is "down for the cause", but his credibility is suffering, because he's involved in every DAMN thing.  If you're an authority on everything, you cannot be passionate about much at all.  He's something else.  He needs to pick his campaigns to bolster up his credibility!!!! 
 When you here from Hope, please let me know what she says about Greg's house and get the address and I'll print out the MapQuest. 
 Hi Mark,  I would like to creat a product for Enron Online for trades on Alliance Pipeline.  As you probably know, Alliance is a new pipeline scheduled to start commercial service effective November 13, 2000.  As with any new pipeline, this date may or may not be pushed back to a later date.   I would like to create a product that has a description that addresses the uncertainty of the start-up date of Alliance Pipeline and simply states that gas will commence flowing when the pipeline goes commecial.  Please let me know if you have language that addresses this situation.  I would like to get this product set up as soon as possible.  Thank you 
 Girl, isn't that sad about the election results and the recount.  It's really terrible.  Everybody over here is watching it very, very closely.  They really want Bush to win in a bad way.  I'm tired of hearing about it!   How are things over your way.  My day yesterday was okay, Todd cooked us dinner before he went to work, I was shocked, but appreciative.  I think I might go car shopping this weekend if the weather is nice.  Speaking of church, do you know that Robin told m that Greg lives in million dollar house?  Remember when Hope said that his light bill was super high, it probably was correct!  We'll need to do a "drive-by" one of these days.  I want to see this house!  Talk to you later. 
 I want to make sure we're on the same page concerning the Asset Management Deal.  Please review and let me know what you think! 
 Boy, it looks like this is really going to be a tight, tight, race.  As far as your other issue, I would just say very professionally, that "there are 3 subjects that you are uncomfortable talking about, and they are voting, religion and salaries." and just keep it at that.  You also might want to add" I hope you can respect my stand on these subjects."  That way, you've communicated your desires in a concise, professional manner.  Talk to you later! 
 Hey Girl,  I'm back and I had a wonderful time.  Phoenix is a nice city and very easy to get around in.  The weather was a little chillier than Houston, and as a result I have a little cold and sore throat.  The wedding was very nice.  The wedding itself was in a small church, but somewhat elegant.  The reception was "the bomb".  It was in a real nice resort and it was money, money, money.  I was really wondering where my cousin got all of the money.  She had a reception for around 150 to 250 people.  I'm not good at looking at a crowd and judging, but I bet it was around that many folks there.  She had a buffet dinner (mainly sandwiches, but they were good), all kind of party favors, beautiful cake, 5 layers and each layer was something different, a band, a dj and a comedian that had been on BET that they flew in from Dallas.  It was really nice.  Again, I hope she did not go into too much debt, but it was nice.  She had a really wonderful time and she was a nice-looking bride.  We went shopping and sight-seeing.  We even went to go find the grade school that we attended and the house that we lived in when we lived in Phoenix many, many years ago.  It was alot of fun actually remincescing (you know what word I'm trying to say).  Did you go to church Sunday?  If so, how was it?  I really did miss not going to church.   How was the rest of your weekend?  Kids and Steve doing okay?  I can't wait to see you tomorrow night, it seems likes it been a long time.  Talk to you later.  I will be home tonight, so I'll call you or you call me when we get the kids wound down! 
 Girl, I'm on my way to the airport in about 15 minutes!  I'll leave the phone on! 
 Hey girl,  I know you've been busy and I can certainly understand that!  It's been up and down over here, but I'm hanging!  Hope everything is going well with you.  Did the kids enjoy Halloween?  My kids sure did.  I did not realize that we did not have rehearsal last Tuesday because of Halloween.  I wasn't going anyway!  Don't forget I leave for Phoenix tonight for my cousin's wedding, so I'll be back on Sunday afternoon.  Talk with you later. 
 Sorry, I arrive on Continental 1505 at 7:31 p.m. and I leave on Sunday at 11:30 p.m. on Continental. 
 November, 2000 prices 
 Sorry, forgot the attachment! 
 Hey baby!!!  Here you go!!! 
 Yes, that's fine!  --- Is it inside the terminal or do I have to drag around on a bus to find it.  You know the cheap ones are like that! 
 That's so sweet of you to let me know, but we will not be there this weekend, we just went about two weekends ago.   I'm thinking about taking the kids to this farm out in my part of town.  My understanding is that it is open to the public, but I'm trying to get the name of the place.  Diane Cook has taken her kids there, so I'll let you know more about it when I receive the info. Jordan has decided that he wants to help feed the farm animals!!!!  (He'll probably be scared to death once we get there!)  I noticed Kreme had their Halloween party at school yesterday.  What costumes did the kids where? 
 Yes, you are absolutely correct, I can never get ahold of you.    I know you're very busy.  Our plane get in at 12:00 on Friday, so we'll  hail a cab over to Mom's house.  Everything here is going okay.  I hope Tina has had the baby by the time I get there this weekend.  I sure don't want her to have to spend Easter in the hospital.  As far as dinner is concerned, we'll have the regular, roast, ham, macaroni and cheese, greens yams, etc.  Mom said something about getting a turkey, if so, we'll have to have dressing.  Anyway, I think I am going to choir rehearsal tonight, so I'll try to call you on the way home.  See ya! 
 Chicago is $0.125 an Dawn is $.245. 
 yes, cool! 
 Can we make sure we set up that appointment today?  Let me know. 
 Okay, I'll send it via the mail.  I like your new hair style, it looks good! 
 When I remember to put a new book oif checks in my purse, do you want me to make it out to you or give you cash! 
 Hi,  Welcome back, I trust you had a good vacation.Nothing much going on here, just huge price moves.  Anyway, everything we well, for the most part.  As far as Alliance gas is concerned, the only new information is that the Aux Sable commissioning process will not start until Wednesday (last estimate) per Anne Buschal.  So make sure to mention to Hunter on Monday, as everyone else should already know about it.  Anne's number is 403-517-6270.  She will be calling each Morning.  My logon and password is: pmims and louise8mom.  Please look at the Nigas Troy Grove Sheet that I have on my computer.  My position should be around 15 long, just enough to cover rolloff for 2 days.  If its not, please buy/sell to get me close to that number (or whatever is best depending on which way the market is going).   P.S. I'm selling to Clark Refining at the Illini Point, 4,000/day @ Sitara # 436296.  He wants us to keep them on until he calls to tell us otherwise. His number is 314-854-9644 Dteve Brown.  I'll be back on Wednesday. 
 Hi Nellie,  What's happening?  I sent you and Momma some new pictures of the boys, if you have not received yet, you should receive either today or Tuesday.  I made the hotel reservations for Phoenix at the Embassey Suites, the rate is $159.00 per night, pretty expensive, but the Nascar is in town, and we can split it three ways.  Hopefully, there is a sofa sleeper in the room, although I did not ask, I asked for two queen beds, in case there is not. Now I just need to get the car reserved and we're all set.  I spoke with Shawna on Friday and asked her to check with her wedding coordinator to see if she could improve that rate, so far I have not heard anything back from her yet, nor am I holding my breath.  She said her colors are burgundy and gold, if I remember correctly.  Jordan is still taking gymnastics and his coach came over and told me that Jordan was so good, that he would like Jordan to be in an accelerated class for his age group.  This class is called the "Hope Team"  and it gets the kids ready for competition.  I did not realize he was that good, although I could clearly see that he was the best in his class (proud Mom).  I called to inquire about the cost, and the receptionist quickly told me" Ma'm you have to be invited to be in that class, you just can't enroll, and I said, yes, ma'm we have been invited to enroll, thank you very much!"  Well, anyway, we'll  see b/c the class is from 3:30 to 4:30 p.m. each day. We'll see, I know he would really enjoy it. Kendall is enrolled for his first gynmastics class beginning October 23rd.  I was thinking he would really enjoy it, but the more I think about it, he'll probably want to be in Jordan's class (oh boy!!).  I spoke with Daddy last week, and he's supposed to be checking into possibly getting tickets to come down for Thanksgiving.  Let me know what you're hearing?  Talk to you later. 
 Girl, you are good, how much do I owe? 
 How are you?  Hope everything is going well.  Did you receive my response to your last e-mail?  I wasn't sure if it transmitted or not.  Nothing new going on here.  I have a week of vacation scheduled for the week of October 16th. I really haven't made any plans, but maybe we'll go visit my family in Omaha.  It's really hard for me to plan, b/c I may have to work some of the week.  I'm not sure yet, so I hate to plan a vacation that may have to be interrupted.  Church services were  really good this past sunday, Pastor preached a good sermon.  Talk with you later 
 Thanks for the note, that was very sweet of you.  I always believe in helping wherever I can, b/c the next day it'll be me! 
 Hey Lizzie  Nicor is correct, Sitara #664380 s/b changed to reflect a Chicago Gas Daily Price flat, while Sitara #664363 s/b reflect a Chicago Gas Daily Price plus $0.01.   I have revised both tickets.  Thanks for your help, and also thank Darla. 
 I just sent you along e-mail, let me know if it came over, I hope so, it took me 20 minutes to type it! 
 Where are you going? 
 Thanks for the note.  Will you work tomorrow and the weekend? 
 Girl, you know he's lying.  He's a trip, but it was a good sermon. 
 Hey baby,  Getting back to the Alliance issue, what is happening.  I know I have my nerve because I was supposed to provide a list.  Sorry, I forgot, but anyway.....................here's a list:  Nicor  Dave Brown  630-983-8676 X2106 PGLC  Dave Wear 312-240-4554 Dynegy  Scott Maxfield 713-767-8030 Duke  John Alrich 713-260-8578  You know the rest.  Call me when you get a chance 
 Hey Home,  Just a note to tell you thanks again for being my "roaddog".  It really helped me out!  You're the "bomb"! 
 Just tried to call you.  Please call me before you leave, and yes, you probably need to leave, but where will you go?  If you go straight hme, emotions are running too high for it to be a safe environment right now.  I'm not trusting his reactions or your own right now.  You are hurting and sometimes that will cause us to do things that we normally would not do.  Please do not put yourself in that position!!!!   Please call me! 
 Here are the rates that Midwestern and NGPl gave to me about a week ago. I'll double-check the rates this afternoon.  Talk with you later 
 Judy,  I thought I was through, but I'm not.....Can you please send up the the following contracts:  Wisconsin Power & Light  96045691  WPS     96001003  Also, if someone in my group has already checked it out and returned to you, just tell me who had it and I'll copy off of them (smile!!).  Also, do you have a copy of the GTC.  We have no idea what it is, and we're looking for the non-performance language associated with it.  Thanks! 
 Yes, We're going home to Omaha tomorrow morning, we'll be back on Monday.  Take care and Happy Easter! 
 Hi Jewel,  Sorry, I was not available to visit with you when you called the other day, but things have been extremely busy around here, and plus, there is very little room for privacy.  In answer to your question, there are no special requirements.  Back in the day, they would have been looking for actual pipeline scheduling experience, but anymore, the liquidity for gas schedulers is so low, that they will consider most people, with an analytical or coordinative type background.  I think it's one of those things that once you "get your foot in the door", you can move on from there.  Just be aware, that if you were to become a gas scheduler, it may require working on weekends, and late nights from time to time.  As far as the next step, I would suggest that you just simply send an e-mail to George Smith, Manager of Logistics on the Central Desk, and ask him if he has time to visit with you.  I think that by simply expressing an interest, and learning what his expectations are of a scheduler, and also, learning what you can expect to learn from him, should serve as the first step. Also, if he is interested, and does not have a position currently open, then he will pass on your name to some of the other managers.  They're actually pretty good about that!  I'll mention to George that you may give him a call.  Let me know if you have any further questions, or want to visit some more!  Take care! 
 Good afternoon Rev. Jackson.  So nice to hear from you, I'm glad we';ve got this e-mail business figured out.  Hope your day is going well.  Sometime, please tell me what "A Day in the Life of Rev. Jackson" is like at SWCBC.  Do you see alot of people all day long (during the day)?  So often, it's hard to picture the church as being active all day long.  It just seems like people attend meetings and services about twice a week in the evenings.  Funny, how we get perceptions in our heads.  My day is going pretty good so far, I'm back to making money in my "book" here at work and it sure feels good.  I've always remembered what you told me during my "crisis period" and always keep those things in mind.  The one that I like the best is "Just keep your mind stayed on him, He'll keep you in perfect peace".  I take that with me everywhere I go.   Well, anyway, thanks for the words of encouragement.  Appreciate it! 
 Hi Rev. Jackson  How's it going?  I'm sure I'll be seeing you tonight at choir rehearsal, but I was curious if anything new happened on the choir director front?  Let me know if you get this e-mail in time to respond.  I'll be leaving at 5:00 directly.  See you tonight! 
 Melba  Please set up the following new delivery points:  1) The interconnection between Alliance Pipeline Company and Midwestern Gas Transmission Company located in Will County, Illinois  2) The interconnection between Alliance Pipeline Company and Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America located in Grundy County, Illinois  3) The interconnection between Alliance Pipeline Company and Nicor Gas Company located in Grundy County, Illinois  4) The interconnection between Alliance Pipeline Company and Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company located in Will County, Illinois  5) The interconnection between Alliance Pipeline Company and Vector Pipeline Company located in Will County, Illinois  I'd like to have these the Natural Gas Pipeline point set up yet today, as I think we will probably start to trade this point tomorrow.  Thank you. 
 Hey Melba,  This is the description I need for the new product:  The interconnection between Alliance Pipeline Company and ANR Pipeline Company located in Will County, Illinois  I need this product set up ASAP, so let me know.  Thanks so much and sorry for the rush!!!! 
 Russell, will you please update me on the status of the Alliance Pipeline Corporate Guarantee?  We need to have this guarantee as soon as possible, as we would like to begin flow on September 13, 2000.  Thank you 
 Hi Susan  Attached, please find the list of contracts with contract numbers.  Please provide as soon as you can, and if you don't mind, can you please give me an estimated time.  Many thanks 
 I have booked my flights, I leave on Thursday, November 2nd at 5:45 p.m. and arrive in Phoenix at 7:31 p.m. on Continental.  I leave on Sunday at 11:27 a.m. and arrive in Houston at 3:00 p.m.   How was the picnic?  We finally got some decent weather yesterday and its supposed to continue through the weekend.  See you later. 
 So nice to hear from you.  Everything here is hot, hot, hot, 107 degrees today.  Nothing new going on here, the boys are doing great, just getting really big.  I'm taking Kendall to the Dr. today to see if he has an ear infection, he was up most of the night last night (rats!).  Jordan is so cool, he taking gynmastics again and loving it.  Kendall is my little roughneck!, he reminds me of myself, he's hysterical.  I am so glad I have them!!!!  The wedding in Phoenix should be alot of fun, I think it's just going to be Mom, Me and Nelle I think.   I'm leaving the kids with Todd.  Todd has a new job where he works 12 hour shifts.  In fact, he's working with Ken Cowan, but anyway it could be from 6 am to 6 pm or 6 pm to 6am,  It sucks when he's working nights, but he really likes it.  Anyway, we're supposed to be leaving early today and believe me I am ready to roll.  Anyway take care, talk with you soon! 
 I certainly will, I know you can't wait to go home and begin your life!!!! 
 Hi Dexter!   Here you are! 
 Give me another couple of days, we're still checking.  Did I tell you that Carol told me she was waiting on a $1.5 million loan to come through so she could pay for Shawna's wedding, as well as take care of her business.   So you know we may get down there and there may not be a big wedding, (girl, you know how that goes, now who in the hell is going to lend her that kind of money?)   You know Carol and Shawna are doing some type of financing of real estate, or something like that.  Ralph West came to our groundbreaking ceremony we had on Sunday and delivered a sermonette.  He is awesome.  I told him I enjoyed his sermon, and he mentioned that he was leaving for Omaha the next day.  Do you have acrobat on your computer?  I'll try to send you picture to see if it comes out.   Talk with you later. 
 I think we should all stay in the same room, especially if we get a suite at embassset suites, with a pull-out bed.  We checked it out and I can get there are 7:30 p.m. on America West on Thursday.  The rate is $305.00, a little pricey.    Did I tell you that Shawna wants us to come to the rehearsal dinner?  I'm trying to figure out when we're going to site see. 
 I spoke with Carol on Friday and supposdly their wedding coordinator found a room at Embassy  Suites for $39 per night.  It's supposed to be at I-17 and Greenway, wherever that is.   I'll belive that when I see it.   I probably will not bring the kids, it just seems like such a hassle.  I can understand Mom not wanting to miss work, so it seems like it will be a girls weekend.  I have not checked on flight arrangements yet, but I'll let you know.   I still want to leave on Thursdat night, so we have time for site seeing.  How much was the ticket? 
 Hi,  How's it going?  You realize we missed our PLAYDAY for the kids this week. We need to make sure we get on schedule for next week.  Sometimes the Tuesday night choir rehearsal takes so much out of me and the boys, that sometimes we spend Wednesday recuperating (i.e. getting the boys and myself to bed early).  It's always so much better when Todd is not working and he can keep them.  Girl, what did you think of that Jon P. Kee song that Joe and that girl were singing on Tuesday.  The choir really wasn't into that one.  We just could not muster up a good sound!   Are you going to the groundbreaking ceremony? If so, let's see if some of us want to have lunch together before we head to the tent!  I'm 75% sure that I will be attending.  Talk to you later. 
 Hi Calvin   I spoke with Rickey (boy, is he long-winded!!).  Gave him the name of our credit guy, Russell Diamond.  Thank for your help! 
 Nothing has happened, it seems like he's trying to stick close to home.  I came in on Monday night and went upstairs, because I frankly, did not want to talk and did not want to get mad in front of Jordan.   I was furious and I still am furious.  Last night we had choir rehearsal, so he was in bed when i came back.  I really don't want to talk to him right now.   I'll keep you posted, because I will be doing it hopefully, tonight!  See you later. 
 It s/b sitara # 695208. 
 Girl, so now you see!  Karen just has issues!  So how are you doing?  I was on vacation on Friday and didn't get a chance to respond until today.  We were in Chicago this weekend for my husband's family reunion.  The weather was great compared to Texas.  Texas is so hot!!  How's Christian doing?  My boys are doing pretty good, just growing so fast.  Tell me more about Karen whenever you get a chance.  See ya! 
 This transation is for delivery on ANR Pipeline Company's Mainline 7 Segment, and as such,  all deliveries shall be made utilizing firm transportation to a designated secondary delivery point (Buyer's choice") on ANR's system.  In the event that Enron is unable to deliver to the designated secondary delivery point , Buyer shall be responsible for designating an alternate delivery point. 
 on the 32nd floor. come through the wooden doors and make a left and you'll see me! 
 Hi Melinda,  Is there a catalog that we may look at?  Thanks 
 Thank you so much for your help! 
 Thank you for the info.....I'll try some! 
 Cool!!!  Let me know when!!! 
 Sometime after 4:30 today or anyday this week. 
 Hey Drew,  I'm working on this!!! 
 Hey Tony   My fax number is 713-646-3390.  Talk to you soon! 
 Hey Girl,  Sorry about last night, remember I told you I was looking for my NyQuil, well I found it and took a couple of swigs and went straight to sleep.  I really meant to call you back, but could not wake up.  I finally woke up around 11:30 and got up and got a drink of water.  By the way, the latest, unconfirmed rumor, is that Samatha and Anessa Hall Joseph are supposed to be pregnant!  See you! 
 Hey Robert,,  Sorry I was out on vacation, and I did not think to ask Todd the name of his headhunter, but I will and try to get back to you with some names this week.  Take care! 
 Hey Bossman,  We're still waiting on Kam to provide the P.V. Factors, she's having trouble locating, but we have the spreadsheet almost complete.  I'll send it as soon as she gets the values.   Patrice 
 Hey Dexter,   Here are your numbers!  Have a great weekend! 
 Hi Jennifer  The city gate deal is sitara # 278430.  Please let them know that we have this deal on file.  Thanks  Patrice 
 We stayed at an Embassy Suites Condo on Buena Vista Drive.  It was extremely nice!.  Where did you guys stay?  How many parks did you go to?  Did you get a chance to check out the outlet malls?  See ya! 
 Hey Brenda,  I was wondering if you guys went to Disney World yet.  We went and had a good time, although it was very hot.  Let me know. 
 Hello,  How was your weekend?  My weekend was great visiting with my family.  Everyone is doing fine.   Daddy is doing okay.  The radiation treatments put the prostate cancer in remission, although the Dr. said the cancer would just move to another part of his body.  He thinks it may have moved to his leg,  He had a MRI done last week, and today he will get the results, and he's so afraid he's going to need surgery again.  He's has to use a walker to get around and he's lost so much weight, he probably went from 170 to l00.  It's really sad, he is so small and frail.  He's starting to get his appetite back somewhat.  He sure had a good time eating this weekend.  My sister and I threw down on Easter dinner.  Please keep him in your prayers.  It's so sad to see a vibrant man reduced to needing help in everything he does, but he's definitely a BLESSED MAN!  How was church services on Sunday?  Did you make it to all the services, (I don't even know why I'm asking, I know you didn't go to all of them, that's a bit much).  Did Greg show out on Easter?  Anything new going on with the choir, did you sing any of your songs.  This month is going to be extremely busy with the revivial and the other church outing.  You know I never did get a  chance to ask you what all you ended up purchasing when we went to Lane Bryant the other day.  Anyway, talk with you later! 
 Girl, so very sorry to hear about your relatives.  That is awful, such young people.  I will keep them and all of their their families in prayer.  If there is anything I can do to help, please let me know.  If you need help with the kids or anything.  Also, sorry about the choir,  what's wrong with Doren, he's seems to be sick alot.  Greg will probably "fire his ass" this week for messing up his "Big Day" on Easter.  That's a shame!  You mean to tell me you wore the new dress without the blouse/jacket.  That is wonderful, I told you not to worry about your arms.  You did look real good in the dress, the colors were beautiful. We need to shop together more often.  Yes, I will be at choir tonight.  See you then! 
 I talked to Moma last night and she said that Daddy's cancer cells were all gone as far as the prostate cancer is concerned, as a result of the radiation.  She cautioned me not to get too excited because the Dr. said the cancer will reappear, but they don't know where.  She said Daddy has not been in any pain for a couple of weeks now.  It seems that the problem right now is the vomiting and nausea.  She said they had a Dr's appt. today to see about it.  She said Daddy is soooo skinney.  Daddy has not responded to my e-mail, so I think I am right,, because normally if you are alright financially, you quickly tell people, but in this case, I have not heard back from him.  Strange!  Anyway, if this is true, I might have to put my part-time employment ideas on hold for a little while longer, because I will not have them going without, and I will not have Momma going back to a regular full time job under any circumstances.  I was kind of thinking that anyway, with the stock market taking a nosedive the way it did with my retirement money.  Anyway, talk with you later.  P.S. I forgot to tell you that I am working out three times a week for an hour each time.  Our boss is letting us leave at 4:00 p.m. to go to the company gym to work out.  It's about 6 or 7 of us doing it.  It's much more fun working out with a group as opposed to by yourself.  Maybe I'll see some results one day.  Talk with you later. 
 Here is a copy of my itinerary.  Please forward acopy of yours so that we may coordinate.  Thanks 
 No, I don't know her number. but Anessa is , huh!  Just call up to the church and give them your count for dinner for the kids. 
 Yes, I'll ask her, but I also know someone else that sings at weddings professionally!  Do you know what song? 
 Yolanda gave me the name of the songs--they are  "I Believe in You and Me" by Whitney Houston  and  "Kissing You" by Faith Evans 
 Daddy,  I hope I'm not overstepping my boundaries, if I am, so sorry, but....I wanted to find out from you if everything is okay financially with you and Mom.   I need to know now, rather than later, if we need to set up a game plan for you guys.  Also, you don 't have to be emotional about borrowing money from me, nobody else is (smile).  After all, I owe you one!!  Love Bernie! 
 That's funny, that they still had the same outfit you looked at back in the fall.  If I'm not mistaken, the "O" magazine, the one that Oprah Winfrey publlishes had a coupon for August Max stores.  I'm not sure iif it was this issue or last month, but call the store and see, and it may be worth buying a magazine for the coupon.  I'm not surprised about Hope, it was such a late night.  See you later 
 Hey Girl,  Yes, we had our concert, it was real good, had a very poor turnout, but he choir really enjoyed themselves.  Rickey Dillard is a fool!  He's alot of fun, and I didn't realize he was gay, but he is.  Everyone says he used to be gay, and not he's changed, but......  I spoke with Daddy on Friday, and he asked me where was his e-mail.  I haven't heard anything from him as of yet, but I did send him a e-mail asking the question.  Did he do his radio program yesterday?  Yesterday, we went to the beach and rented some horses and went horseback riding,  Kendall loved it, Jordan was a little skeptical at first, but soon got used to the idea.  I myself was a little skeptical, because I had ol' Kendall on my horse, and wanted to hold on to the little know on the saddle, instead of me, all I had was the reins,  at first I said "the hell with this", but it was fun, we'll definitely do it again.  Talk with you later! 
 Girl, so very sorry to hear about your relatives.  That is awful, such young people.  I will keep them and all of their their families in prayer.  If there is anything I can do to help, please let me know.  If you need help with the kids or anything.  Also, sorry about the choir,  what's wrong with Doren, he's seems to be sick alot.  Greg will probably "fire his ass" this week for messing up his "Big Day" on Easter.  That's a shame!  You mean to tell me you wore the new dress without the blouse/jacket.  That is wonderful, I told you not to worry about your arms.  You did look real good in the dress, the colors were beautiful. We need to shop together more often.  Yes, I will be at choir tonight.  See you then! 
 Hey Robert,,  Sorry I was out on vacation, and I did not think to ask Todd the name of his headhunter, but I will and try to get back to you with some names this week.  Take care! 
 Hey Pooky,  The rest of the weekend was fine.  I forgot to tell you on Saturday night about our choir's performance at this community function we had.  In fact, I was on my way home when you and I were talking.  Sometimes our choir members are so sad, they don't always show up at functions and events like they should, unless its an opportunity to showboat.  So.....I had to sing on the front row on Saturday evening.  We sounded like crap....I was so embarassed, I actually got so hot and started sweating, because of my embarassment.  It was awful.  I just thought about that when your e-mail arrived.  Kendall was very whinny and cried alot yesterday, I actually thought he might be getting sick, because that was so out of character for him, but he's back to his old self now, just talking alot and being hard-headed.  I just called the lawyer again and got the secretary....she said that she had been out sick with pneumonia and the attorney had some major oral surgery, so she could not talk....so I'll give this firm the benefit of the doubt.  The secretary said she would have her call me back shortly or at least the secretary would call me and let me know.  So "F" is starting to feel the effects of his years of dishing out dirt.  I hate that it hurts, but most men do end up regretting their previous behavior.  I know what you mean about your Dad.  In my case, my dad would be saying, hold on....  Anyway, I love you too and can't wait to see where we both go from here..... 
 Hi,  Please see the attached offer letter.  Talk with you soon.  Thanks 
 Fannette in real estate........"shut yo mouth"....Angie and I are going to the Dance Theatre of Harlem tonight at jones hall and then we are going out.  Is jones hall fancy, should i look real good, or just good? 
 Girl,  Is Fanette Perry still here?  and no. 2, have you seen Jewel Meeks, she's lost a ton of weight and looks like her old self again. 
 You're the best,  Thanks Otha.....I mean Ora!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 Hey D,  What is the status on Nicor Enerchange's Master Firm? 
 They are correct, Cilco city gate does not exist....the only reference point is the Nicor city gate.  As far as the guarant, I'm okay, but the last time we asked them to draft the guarantee, it was horrible.  I'll ask them to send us a draft.  Call me when you get a chance.  thanks 
  Thank you dah-ling! 
 Come again, what you                                                              talking about? 
 Hi Jan,  So nice to hear from you.  I am glad you are finally "enjoying life".  I wish I could join you now.  With the Enron stock and "whatnot", I'll have to hang around alot longer than anticipated (smile).  Are the boys excited about going to "MDO".  I bet that is a change for them, and alot less expensive for you.  The job is going well, I really like it, it is a different kind of stress, but definitely more preferable for me.  I really like what I'm doing.  My  boys are getting the added benefit of Mom being in a really good mood most of the time.  Jordan is doing pretty good in school,  I'm not really sure that he's in love with school, but he's doing well.   Kendall, what can I say?  My Kendall is something else.  He is so funny, and guess what, he talks in a very loud voice, it kills me, i wonder where he got that from!  Suzy is moving to New York this Friday morning.  Her husband's mom lives somewhere in New York and they will be moving there so that he can hopefully find a job.  I hate to see her go, but if it's best for there family, then go for it.  Anyway, take care  Love ya! 
 You are sooooooo crazy!!!!  I'll call you after trading! 
 Hey Tom,  Not as of yet, but it sounds like maybe shortly.  Talk to you later. 
 These changes, in addition, to the others are fine.  Thanks for your help!! 
 Hey Debra,  Here are the changes back from Cilco.  I have no problems with the changes, let me know what you think.  P.S. Where is the Aux Sable contract? 
 Hi Gene,  As promised, here are estimated historical pricing for deliveries at the Nipsco city gate.  These prices are by no means, what we specifically charged at the time, but should give you an idea if this pricing is more competitive than the prices you have received in the past.  These prices also assume that you purchased gas at the First of the Month Index.  Please keep in mind that these sales prices are for deliveries to the Nipsco City gate, and you will need to find out what Nipsco will charge you to transport the gas from the city gate to your burner tip.  If my memory serves me, I believe you indicated that you were buying your gas directly from Nipsco, and if that is the case, then we will be comparing "apples to apples".  January, 2001			$10.99  February, 2001			$  6.61  Mar, 2001			$  5.38  Apr. 2001			$  5.70  May, 2001			$  5.13  June, 2001			$  3.95  July, 2001			$  3.40  August, 2001			$  3.25  September, 2001		$  2.42  October, 2001			$  2.00   I still need to find out from you what type of volume you will need on a daily basis.  Please call me at 713-853-5772 once you have had a chance to review the information and let me know your thoughts.  Thanks 
 Please call me when you arrive.  Thanks 
 Did you get with Alex to find out what hotel?  It is the Westin.  Also, who is Jason and what are HS numbers?  As far as delivery point, yes, it is the interconnect between Midwestern and Vectren (the LDC).  Please make sure and bring your pipeline statements.  Also, I did meet with Jeff Hodge, our attorney, and I know the details regarding the contract.  I'll be in the office until around 10:30.  Thanks 
 Please see attached. 
 yes 
 Melba,  On location #1--I want the name to be NGPL/MANHATTEN--is this too many characters? 
 Hi Lisa,  Will you please add Petro-Canada Oil and Gas to the list of counterparties for Mid-Market.  Thanks 
 Hey, how are you,  Yes, I'm still here, I'm doing well. 2001 was not a pleasant year for alot of people, and it was certainly no exception for me.  Along with my favorite company going bankrupt, my father passed after a lennghty illness.  But all is well for the time being.  Nice to hear from you.  Tell everyone I said hello.  Thanks for thinking of me! 
  Hey Pat,  I've done some research on the actuals that you make reference to (Vectren).  Enron's sale with Heartland Steel is at the interconnect between Midwestern Gas Transmission and Vectren (formerly know as Indiana Gas).  The actual volumes that you are reporting and consider to be your monthly actuals are volumes that I believe are behind Vectren's city gate (which means that you more than likely have an imbalance on Vectren's system).  This bears checking with Vectren, regarding an imbalance behind their gate.  You should be receiving some type of statement or invoice from Vectren.  Per the contract, Enron uses the Midwestern Gas Transmission (pipeline statement) to actualize our monthly invoices to you.  I've attempted to draw a diagram for you to make it as clear as I can.  Let's talk!  _________________________________________XXXX_______________________________________________________________________________XXX Midwestern Gas Pipeline                            Interconnect b/t Vectren                 (this pipe owned by Vectren)                                       Heartland Steel Facility & Midwestern Gas Pipeline	                                                                                           (Burner Tip) 
 I did not enjoy it either, I'm glad you said it first.  I'm going to look up that Clarins Spa and see if I can afford it and then maybe we can go together.  I'll let you know what I find out. 
 Hey Sister Sims,  You were really singing those hymns last night!   How long did choir rehearsal last?  I had to go, I was sleepy and, quite frankly, had a hard time really getting into the hymns for that length of time.  I do need to look up some of those 2nd and 3rd verses though.......  How is Siera doing in school these days?  I hope everything is going well for her.  I still need to get out and look at this other school for Jordan and see what's going on over there.  His teacher is really very immature.  She called me again yesterday with some silly stuff.  You know we need to set aside some time to go get massages and facials and talk.  Write back 
 Did you know......tha one heating degree day (HDD) for 	Nicor 				l45-50,000 MMBtu's PGLC & No.Shore		      24,000 MMBtu's Cilco 				        4,000 MMBtu's Illinois Power			        9,000 MMBtu's Nipsco				        9,000 MMBtu's  Quote of the Day:  "If you want to make the world a better place, take a look at yourself and make that change"-----Michael Jackson 
  I turned in the tickedt last night...but they came around with questions this a.m.....so being booked today.  Nicor's AGA is 53 
 Hey Neal,  My offer for the Fixed Float is $3.11-- 
 Here are my cryptic notes from the PEPL class:  The field area of PEPL is considered to be everything upstream of Haven  Haven is considered to be the demarcation between Field and Market area on PEPL  PEPL mainline divided into 100 mile marker segments  Two legs in the field area---Liberal and Seiling and/or Elk City (named after the Elk City Plant)  Liberal historically has been a constrained area, but has seen alot of non-constraints as of the last couple of years due to the strength in the West, as well as production declines in the area  For anyone trading PEPL cash, etc, it is important to watch the spreads b/t Rockies,  CIG, TW and PEPL--for instance the variable rate to move CIG into PEPL is roughly nine cents.  The fuel is 2.67%  Another big point that frequently gets constrained is CIG Lakin--point flows roughly around 175,000 MMBtu/d   Field Storage - there are actually two storage facilities in the PEPL field area, although PEPL considers field storage to be at Haven, Haven is traded as a field point  Greensburg off of NNG is another major supply area on PEPL--called Mullinville on the NNG side, it is called bi-directional, but most likely can be done by displacement only  Tuscola - is the interconnect between Trunkline/PEPL interconnect  Lebanon - often constrained  Also talked about not being able to drop off at multiple delivery points on PEPL--unlike ML7 
 Girl, that's my dilemma as far as a house is concerned.  I have no idea, all I know is that I don't want to drive for an hour to get to work.  I really wish I could tear down and rebuild where I am.  I love the "hood" aspect of the neighborhood, I love the "colored" folks, and so on.  I need to talk to a loan officer and see exactly what I would qualify for.  All I know, is that I'm not getting any younger, and why not enjoy a new house now, what am I waiting for?  Girl, I hope the plumbing isn't too expensive as well, but it has to be done!  Jordan's old silly teacher called me at work this morning around 8:30 a.m.  When I answered the phone, I recognized her voice immediately, and I got scared that something had happened.  That heifer called to tell me that Jordan was telling her that I had given him money to buy a Fruitopia soft drink (first of all, it took me questioning her three times to find out what the heck Fruitopia meant)  and she wanted to check with me to see if that were true, because she didn't allow that particular drink in her class because it had too much sugar in it......well, I was pissed number one, that you would even call and upset me at work by asking me such a dumb ass question.  You are the adult here, not Jordan!  She also said Jordan kind of smarted off to her.....well, take control sister.....you obviously have no control if you have to call me on my job to settle an insignificant matter such as this.  ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS!!!!!!  Now on the other hand, Jordan will have to be punished for lying, but my goodness, can you believe it? 
 Hi Pat,  I spoke with our attorney this afternoon, and he is in the process of contacting your attorney.  It appears that the bill of sale that your attorney had sent to Enron, did not specifically address the agreement that Enron and Heartland Steel entered into.  Long story, short, our attorney is following up with to obtain documents that contain this provision.  Thanks 
 Girl, what is PMO?  I'm doing fine, I just sent Tarsha an e-mail, and I hit the send button and there you are!  Is everything going as planned in all of your wedding preparations?  I certainly hope so.  I know planning a wedding is alot of work.  Jordan is still excit