 16 
 great idea!!!! 
 yes please take care of this for me.  thank you. 
 I have forgotten my user name and password.  I work for Enron.  Can you help me?  Thank you,  Scott Neal 
 16 
 you're welcome 
 Jeff,  fyi - We will be out of town.  Thanks, Scott 
 thank you.  I found everything last night. 
 thank you, julie.  Scott 
 please add Tom Martin to this list. 
 sorry for the delay, I just checked my email  1.  yes 2. Lorraine Ryall met came to Houston during March 2000 for Gas Fair and she stopped by our office for a brief visit. 3.  I am not aware of any.  Please let me know if I can be of further assistance. 
 Thank you very much for your help. 
 have a nice time.  kimberly please note john's vacation on the calendar, thanks. 
 fyi 
 Please sign me up for the new garage. 
 Dad,  Attached is Brett's baseball schedule.  I will send Colton's schedule to you later.   Also, I deposited the Farm money into the Wells Fargo account over the weekend.  Scott 
 he's cute.  Congratulations!! 
 I believe Vince Kaminski could possibly be of assistance in this matter. 
 any new news regarding your possible move? 
 I will attend. 
 thanks. 
 fyi - can you tell me who we're missing? 
 A few of you still need to return your signed 2000 performance reviews to me.  Please return to me ASAP. 
 scheduled to play golf with guys at work on Sunday morning.  Call Jared with exact time. 
 please forward to all East Desk members 
 David,  I think maybe clarifying "then go to the transaction search" with something like " then click on the Transaction History tab at the top of the screen" might be helpful. 
 I look forward to seeing this summer. 
 I talked with Chris Holmes last week and got very positive feedback about your interviews.  I told him about our working together in Argentina and your activities down there and gave him an overview of your skill set.  I have left a message with Mike Moore but he is out of town and he has not returned my call yet. I hope all is well with you.  I will call or email when I talk with the others.  Sincerely,  Scott 
 I have talked with Andrea Richards with Associate/Analyst program to arrange for you to have your first rotation in Trading. I hope all is well with you.  I look forward to seeing you this summer. Don't hesitate to contact me if you need anything.  Scott Neal 
 We will be here  for Saturday practice but not for Tuesday.       ????  for Baseball fest. 
 John,  The attached Florida overview is a few months old.  Chris and Jared on working on an update.   We will get it to you when complete. 
 jared,  please get with Chris in order to update the attached Florida overview for Lavo. 
 i think either one of us can sign 
 Jeanie,  Who do I have that is outsanding?? 
 Please add my home email address:        sneal12@mindspring.com 
 Andrea,  The two gentlemen that I mentioned on my voice mail are Kevin Murray and Leonidas Savas.  Both are from LSU and start this summer as Associates.  Both have expressed their strong desire to have their first rotation in Trading and I think they would do a great job for us.   If you concur, please make a note to place them in Trading for their first rotation .  I have attached both resumes for your reference.  thanks,  Scott   - new leo's resume.doc  - resume1.doc 
 Also, send me a copy of your resume.  thanks. 
 All is well here.   It sounds like you are very busy.  I glad you are taking the options course - it will really benefit you.  Also,  Andrea Richards is the person I contacted with the Associate program to request that your first rotation be in the Trading group - so we should be in good shape on that front.  Her phone number is 713 853 6499 for your future reference.  Thanks for the email, I look forward to seeing you this summer.  Scott 
 I will send her a note right now. 
 Geynille,  I am out of the office this entire week on vacation, so I will be unable to participate. 
 see you then 
 Actually, it's better for me to pick you up because my meeting is near your hotel. 
 yes.  call me later.  also, my cellular phone number is 713 503 3466.  I have a meeting outside the office at 5:30pm.  I'll pick you up at the Doubletree between 6:30 and 7:00pm. 
 Please return signed 2000 Perfrmance Review sheets to me today or tomorrow.  Thank you,  Scott 
 please correct per your calculation 
 looks good to me. 
 please pay robin $468 orig. from my book 
 my location is 3223D.  my extension is 34723.  What is your phone number? 
 Suggestions for offsite:  1)  Non Enron speakers/presenters 2)  Cabo San Lucas, The Biltmore in Coral Gables,FL, The Broadmoor in Color= ado Springs 
 I am on 32 at 3223D. 
 Andy, Kathy - can you help with this? 
 3223D 
 kimberly,  please take care of this. 
 Where are you staying? 
 look forward to seeing you.  let me know your schedule.   do you have a real estate agent to help you - my mother is an agent and could give you some info. 
 thank ;you very much 
 Glad to be of assistance.  Don't hesitate to call again. 
 please add to my schedule. 
 The guy in B.A. that we booked our hunt with is Emilio Paris (phone # 011 541 14 812 2154).  We hunted near a small town called Rio Tercero about  45 minutes outside of Cordoba.  We stayed at the Los Alamos Lodge.  Our guide's name was Sergio Abrile.  We paid $750 for 3 days of hunting, 2 nights lodging, meals, hunting license, etc.  We paid $9.00/box for shells.  We aleady had our guns,  however they had very nice, new Beretta 12/20 ga. shotguns for rent for $25/day.  We hunted April 30-May 2 which is the end of fall and we slayed the birds.  I think the only time to avoid is during the heart of winter July-August due to cold/wet conditions.  The flight from Buenos Aires to Corboda cost about $200 and takes about an hour.  You might call Emilio just to compare prices, etc.  I think he is affiliated with a US outfitter called Gage/4 Seasons.  I hope this info is helpful. Don't hesitate to call if have nay questions. 
 please forward to everyone on the East Desk. thanks, scott 
 I really don't have a clue.  However,it seems that most of the costs are generally fixed - people, systems, etc. 
 pay only the $1750 referenced below to Robin Barbie from my book. 
 please pay this origination from my book to Robin. 
 Hi Rolo,  I am glad to hear from you.  Yes, Sao Paulo is muy grande con muchos macacos.  Everything is going fine here.  Do you have any trips to the US planned?  I have not be playing much golf, too cold and rainy here so far this winter, but spring is near.  Stay in touch and good luck.  Scott 
 1.  Patty Broderson  (770) 792-1962 (headhunter) is working on a postion for a trading/marketing company located in Dallas.  2.  Roseanne Marino  (212) 704 2156  (headhunter) is working on a position in marketing/trading for Constellation energy. 
 Let's try to visit on Thursday or Friday in the afternoon. 
 Colton and I will be there some time during the day on Saturday and will spend the night. 
 Susan, I don't know if such a letter exists.  Tom, do you know - also, who might be able to help Susan with the information requested below?    Susan Elledge @ ENRON 02/06/2001 01:33 PM 
 sure.  any afternoon is fine with me. 
 Thank you for the info.  I call if I have questions after I review further.    Enron North America Corp. 
 I would like Joe Casas (currently East logistics) to participate in the interview process. 
 great, I hope that they are helpful to you. 
 http://gasmsgboard.corp.enron.com/msgframe.asp 
 you are correct..    Enron North America Corp. 
 no.  I don't think I know him.  I had another contact there.  I will look for his name, number, email address if you want it.    Enron North America Corp. 
 fyi 
 I'll pay you Friday night.  I think we're going to dinner together.  Let me know if you need it earlier. 
 the file you sent is password protected.  send new file or password. 
 I have forgotten my user name and password.  I work for Enron.  Can you help me?  Thank you,  Scott Neal 
 re:  NAT 
 note Chris McGill's (AGA) commments. 
 I sent them last week to your parent's address.  You should receive them by the end of  this week. Have a good week.  Scott 
 thank you. 
 ok   have a nice day    Enron North America Corp. 
 thanks.    Enron North America Corp. 
 http://clickathomepilot.enron.com 
 Peter,  please add Frank Vickers to this distribution list.  thanks,  scott neal 
 Frank,  fyi - EOL reports 
 available EXCEPT for the following days:  May 16 -18 May 22 May 23 May 25-31  June 6 June 13 June 20 June 25-29 July 2-6 July 11   I hope this is helpful.  I will let you know if anything changes.  Thank you,  Scott 
 thanks for your help.    Enron North America Corp. 
 I spoke to Kevin Murray last week and sent him a couple of books on the subject of Trading. He informed me that he has accepted our offer.  Please let me know if you need additional information.    Enron North America Corp. 
 ok by me 
 please add to my schedule. 
 please disregard previous email. 
 anytime after 4:00pm would work. 
 please take care of this. 
 I have a seat for Frank and I am working on Gil and the rest of those guys. Ina is out until Thursday, but I will be giving her a call at home this morning to see what can be done.  I will coordinate the move as  soon as I have a space.  Meanwhile, I am checking with the guys periodically to meet their needs while they are on the 31st floor.  Call me if you have any further questions x35193.  Regards,  Kimberly 
 no problem    Enron North America Corp. 
 thanks for the info and good luck. 
 ?????????????   do i need to do anything????? 
 Can you resend this file as regular Excel or Word file? I am unable to read it. 
 thank you and happy new year! 
 thanks for the info,  Captain.    Enron North America Corp. 
 are these Gas Daily priced volumes or IF first of month/fxd price volumes???    Enron North America Corp. 
 this looks fine to me. 
 I think January 9-10 is better because many people will be away the first few days of the year. 
 Muchas gracias, mi amiga.  Un gran besito a vos. 
 Great.  I look forward to seeing you.  Feliz Navidad!     Pablo Acevedo @ ENRON   12/15/2000 11:01 AM 
 Merry Christmas to you and your family.  We had a great time this football season and look forward to next year. 
 please forward to all in our group.  thank you. 
 we had a good day. 
 713 503 3466 is the correct number.  Have a great day. 
 fyi 
 John,  Please find attached the resume of Angie Zeman, who is an analyst working a rotation in East Gas Logistics.  She is an outstanding perfromer and is interested in pursuing opportunities  in London.  Who is the best person in your organization to communicate her interest and my recommendation?  Thanks.  Scott 
 Tammy,  Sean can help us with customized EOL reports.  Scott 
 thanks chris. 
 1)  Is this deal done? 2)  What is the firm quantity?   The quantitiy should be fixed. 3)  Who is communcating with Cabot from a logisitics/volume management point of view? 4)  Why are we nominating ( instead of ENA Upstream) and which group is responsible for balancing on Tenn and Transco?     Enron North America Corp. 
 I don't know him. 
 talked with Ryan last week.  he is thrilled and looking forward to working with us. 
 Let's set up a meeting to discuss.  The Wellhead Group is responsible for everything up to the mainline/pool including scheduling, nominations, operational swing etc.  The East desk would have a deal with the Wellheasd Group for a firm daily quantity of gas at the mainline or pool.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Jennifer Milligan will be contacting regarding the intern program.  She will probably want a resume from you. Also,  she will want to know what area(s) (eg. accounting, marketing, research, etc.)  you have interest in working.  Please keep me up to date once she contacts you.  Sincerely,  Scott 
 Rolo and I worked together in BA.  Rolo did a great job for us, focusing mostly on gas but he did do some work on power as well. He is very bright and has a great work ethic.  He has gained a fair amount of commercial experience (including "trading" natural gas) in Argentina. I would recommend him highly. 
 yes i want to contribute, and thank you for doing this.    Enron North America Corp. 
 no problem 
 de nada, che! 
 call this guy listed below 
 please disregard previous letter due to misspelling.  please print the attached letter on my letterhead and send to:  Amr Ibrahim at EB4737B. 
 I will correct the spelling and forward the letter to you tomorrow. 
 John/Dave,  Frank and I would like to recommend assigning Phil Demoes outside of our new group as part of the upcoming reorganization. Please let us know if you would like to discuss further and how we should proceed. 
 i think gil muhl wants to meet with us on Monday at 4pm to discuss PSEG.  he will let us know monday morning. 
 please print the attached letter on my letterhead.  thank you. 
 Haven't forgot about you yet.  I will have the information for you this week.  Thank you for your persistence and patience.  Sincerely,  Scott 
 Any ideas on who to talk to regarding a possible summer internship?  Scott 
 I have 3 addtional candidates for consideration:  Seung-taek Oh (Associate - Credit Derivatives) Scott Loving   (East Logistics) Eric Boyt   ( Gas Structuring) 
 We will get working on this.  I have no problem with you sitting in on the PRC process.  We are scheduled to have this meeting on Nov. 29, however I think there is some chance this date might change due to bid week activities. 
 I have prepared  a recommendation letter as  you have requested.  It is my pleasure to do so.  Please advise as to when to send, etc.  I am available to visit on the phone any time after 2:3opm any day this week.  However, I will be out of the office on Thursday and Friday Nov. 16-17. 
 Jim,  Any thoughts or guidance on the question below?  Scott 
 Just a thought - but we will still be finishing up bid week on Nov. 29.  Any ideas about the first week in December. 
 what is this approval for? 
 I will plan on seeing you here tomorrow or Thursday. 
 philly,  what's the story?  escotty 
 please follow up on this potential deal. 
 I have not had any contact from anyone in Europe regarding you previous email. 
 I don't have any plans to travel down there at this point.  But if this changes I will let you know and would love to play some golf. 
 please use the attached spreadsheet for reporting prices to Inside FERC. 
 Edward Brady       did not interview Chelsea Buras         did not interview Lindsay Culotta        did not interview Milagros Daetz         Finance/Credit Miles Farr                   did not interview Brad Guilmino           Origination/Finance   strong candidate Stephanie Hopkins  Origination Shereka Jefferson    Origination Kevin Murray               Trading/Origination -  very strong candidate Leonidas Savvas      Trading  - very strong candidate Timothy Taylor            did not interview Ryan Thibideau        Origination  - very strong candidate 
 please forward to everyone in our group. 
 All of  the NYMEX natural gas swap products are very active as well as  the Gas Daily - Henry Hub prompt month. Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Itinerary for each of the Super Saturdays. 
 we need to participate in this interview process.  let me know if and when= =20 you can participate.  sign up at the web site listed below. =20 
 thank you for your help. 
 Corina,  Are the times the same for the Super Saturday on Nov.4? 
 I enjoyed visiting with you as well.  I was very impressed with the students that I interviewed.  You guys are certainly doing a great job educating. I had the pleasure of visiting with Milagros and was very impressed with her and I agree with your comments.  Some of the students were interested in additional reading that I thought might be helpful to them.  2 books that I think are very good  are 1) Option Volatility and Pricing by Sheldon Natenberg.  This is textbook type reading that is the best book on options that I know.  2) Reminisences of A Stock Operator by  Edwin Lefevre.  This is the best book on trading that I have read (I am actually currently reading it for the fifith of sixth time).  It is an easy read and is the real lfe story of a trader in the early 1900's.  A must read for anyone who has interest in markets and trading.  Sincerely,  Scott Neal 
 fyi we have 2 weeks to check this out without cost.  maybe we can get additional ideas about how we incorporate capacity trading into EOL. 
 I meant 2001. 
 I would like each of you to list your top 5-10 target customers for 2000 by 12pm tomorrow.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 let's talk this afternoon.  I think we need to think about a couple of these folks.  Also, Dave needs our 2000 goals and objectives, top target customers, as well ideas for coverage metrics.  I have a meeting from 3pm to 4pm but am available any other time. 
 please see a draft of the proposed rules and trading ticket.  please let me know if you have any questions or comments. 
 let's discuss what info might be helpful. 
 How are we planning to handle daily volume swings on the 30% priced at Gas Daily and which group will hold this risk? Which group will handle nominations/scheduling/balancing on the gathering system?      Enron North America Corp. 
 transport model 
 yes, confirming receipt 
 yes please take care of this for me.  thank you. 
 thanks.  I thought it went pretty well and think it is a great idea.  Let's make sure to do this once a month. 
 Earnings calender site:  http://biz.yahoo.com/research/earncal/20001017.html 
 I will be there. 
 please add to my schedule. 
 fyi, please add to my schedule. 
 note the attached Heating Oil inventory graph. 
 fyi,  please follow up with Jennifer to determine status and what follow up needs to be done. 
 please add this to my schedule. 
 please note and add to my schedule. 
 thank you. 
 Doug,  I am not available until 2:30pm.  Is it possilble to push back the start? 
 2 primary contributing factors:  1) EOL transaction volume increase 2) CES acquisition 
 yes, I would love to see all the potential candidates within the entire organization.  Thanks for all your help. 
 do you need any info from me? How did our volumes look for Sept.? 
 I look forward to seeing you. 
 I definately support  a promotion.  I have not given up on the contract, although I have not figured out how to make it more palatable for her while ensuring she is committed to Enron.  Scott 
 please see the attachment below.  Any ideas for potential deals? 
 Jana,  Would it be possible to provide me with a list of all analysts working within ENA (along with their current assignments)?  Thank you. 
 I am ok with intraday recall, however this should be agreed to by the parties to the capacity release deal.  In other words, the parties should have the flexibility to make deals to include intraday recall rights or not.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Thank you for sending. 
 please review.  check to make sure #250196  referenced below is booked properly. 
 Can you make me the Administrator for these sub users? 
 fyi 
 What is the toping of this meeting?     Invitation Chairperson: Richard Burchfield Sent by: Cindy Cicchetti  Start: 10/04/2000 03:00 PM End: 10/04/2000 05:00 PM  Description: Gas Physical/Financial Meeting in room 2556    This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the meeting ). Meeting Dates:    Russ Severson/HOU/ECT Scott Mills/HOU/ECT Allan Severude/HOU/ECT Fletcher J Sturm/HOU/ECT Scott Neal/HOU/ECT Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT Phillip K Allen/HOU/ECT Kenny Ha/HOU/ECT  Detailed description: 
 how many meetings do I have today at 3pm    Enron North America Corp. 
 thank you. 
 Can send you me a copy of the 2000 plan for the East Desk? 
 thanks. 
 that's great news.  I look forward to seeing you. 
 No interest at this time.  Thank you. 
 fyi  -  interesting storage information. 
 fyi  - EOL information 
 The quantity adjustment should be 398,487 per the attached spreadsheet. Please confirm. 
 http://gasfundy.dev.corp.enron.com/ 
 I need the following information:  1)  Daily storage balances May 1, 2000 thru Sept. 26, 2000.  2)  in kind fuel charges on injections  1999, 2000  Thank you. 
 Customer has been notified that this deal is subject to a satisfactory LC. Please let me know if you need additional info. 
 I look forwad to seeing you. 
 Sandra Brawner will not be moving at this time.    Enron North America Corp. 
 great, we look forward to seeing you. 
 fyi 
 fyi 
 We look forward to seeing you.  We get started at 7:30am and things are quite active until about 11:00am. 
 Interesante.   Cuidado. Come by and see me when you are in Houston. 
 Sure, no problem.   Sep 25-27 will be the heart of October bid week. 
 I heard that rumor also but found we did not hire him.  I am always available for a beer.  What's your phone number? 
 I need to change to Thursday at 4pm. 
 This is ok with me.  Thank you for resolving. 
 I will be in attendance.  Please advise as to location.  Thank you. 
 Vicky,  please sign and attend this.  I htink you will find it helpful. 
 I will be unable to attend as I will be on vacation. 
 as requested 
 your're now set up.  user id:  stevegill1 password: daytonpow1    Enron North America Corp. 
 I don't think I know how to help you.  Call me at  x34723 if you want to discuss further. 
 My thoughts  and prayers are with you and your family. 
 Kimberley,  Where are the services -  date and time and location.    Enron North America Corp. 
 thank you very much for th info.    Enron North America Corp. 
 I need to extend Sandra Brawner's trading authority to a term of 24 months on EOL.  Can you help me with this? My extension is 34723.   Thank you. 
 you must use Internet Explorer to access this site. 
 We would love to go.  I need to call and check with Carol to confirm.  I will call or email after I talk with her. 
 Abel,  We are staying at the Holiday Hotel and will be arriving in the afternoon on Thursday, Sept. 7. Please book us for Sept. 8 and 9 .  We will plan on talking with you when we arrive on Sept. 7 about the details.  Thanks,  Scott Neal 
 Abel,  We are staying at the Holiday Hotel and will be arriving in the afternoon on Thursday, Sept. 7. Please book us for Sept. 8 and 9 .  We will plan on talking with you when we arrive on Sept. 7 about the details. 
 fyi 
 US Govt. data -   Business inventories rose 0.9% in June, exceeding analysts' expectations of a 0.6% rise and matching the revised May figure. Retailers saw the biggest increase; their inventories rose 1.2% in June. Total business sales were also up 0.9% in June, a slightly weaker showing than the revised 1.1% rise posted in May. The inventory-to-sales ratio--the number of months it would take to empty the nation's warehouses, store shelves, and sales lots at the current rate of sales--remained at 1.32, just off its all-time low. In a separate report, the Fed said industrial production rose 0.4% in July, double the pace in June. Industrial production, which measures output at U.S. factories, utilities, and mines, is now 5.8% stronger than it was this time last year, due mainly to continued growth in high-tech manufacturing. > 
 I think his interest is a marketing/oringination/business development role. 
 thank you very much for the info. 
 Please take time to consider giving to the United Way this year.  You can make your contribution by going to http:unitedway.enron.com.   Thanks 
 Please plan to attend an Origination Strategy meeting on Thursday 8/17 at 2:30pm.  We will be meeting with Gil Muhl, Janet Dietrich and others to discuss customer coverage, deal flow, strategic deals/customers etc.  I think the meeting is going to held offsite  at either the Doubletree or Hyatt.  Details to follow.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 these are the 2 guys I mentioned that we should put in trading rotations. 
 A quick summary of the NYMEX meeting I attended on August 10.  1.   eNYMEX  NYMEX has begun developing an internet based trading system to replace Access and to handle basis trading. The system is targeted to launch some time during Q4  2000.   The basis products that might be traded are    Nymex swap, AECO (C$/gj  fxd/float), Transco Z6, Chicago City Gate, Houston Ship Channel.  2.  TAS   Overwhelming support of the TAS pilot program from trade players with locals opposed.  A motion was passed to    add expiration day to the current TAS pilot program.  The motion is to be presented to the NYMEX board in the    next few weeks.  3. AGA data release Favorable comments regarding the 1pm release of the weekly storage data.  4.  Sabine Hub discounts  Sabine is considering offering some discount through the Hub for volume commitment.   Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 fyi.  Please follow up to make sure these $ are going to the correct p&l. 
 I enjoyed meeting you as well. 
 Paul Posoli  (VP?) heads up risk management/trading.  He is an ex Enron guy. Saundra (sp?) Lockard is a contract admin. person.  I used to work with Saundra at Meridian Oil. 
 please add to my schedule. 
 What is the status of these invoices/payments? 
 communicated today.  thanks for the reminder. 
 thanks for the update. 
 please add to my schedule 
 de nada 
 Thanks for the invitation but I will be unable to attend.  I going to be in Belize! Have fun and good luck!  Sincerely,  Scott Neal 
 see approval attached 
 Scott Neal Dick Jenkins Jared Kaiser (scheduled to be out of town) Craig Taylor Robin Barbie Tammy Depolis 
 Go Verizon! 
 thanks. 
 Hola, Carolina. Un gran besito a vos.  I htink that Victor LaMadrid can help you and he speaks spanish, too.  Tell everyone in BA  "hola". 
 A couple of deals that we might consider reserving some prudency against.  TBG  - sale Duke (FGT/Manchester-LNG) - purchase  I will update later today if we can think of other deals to consider. 
 Have we captured these dollars in our P&L?   Let's make sure we are getting credit, if appropriate. 
 I will pay you Monday,  but please remind me if I forget.  Thanks.    Enron North America Corp. 
 That's too bad.  i am sure you learned a lot from the experience which will serve you well on the next one.  Keep plugging.   Pablo Acevedo @ ENRON   08/01/2000 12:39 PM 
 Everything is good here. Gary has been with Enron for quite a while.  Most recently, he managed interest rate and foreign exchange/currency risk.  You should give him a call or email.  Besitos a las chicas de Filo.  Suerte,  Scott   Pablo Acevedo @ ENRON   08/01/2000 12:37 PM 
 James is a neighbor and  good friend of mine.  He and his wife went to school with my wife.  Although I have never worked with James, my view is he is a marketer/originator/business developer.    Enron de Mexico 
 please remind me that I have a dentist's appt. on Thursday, Aug. 3 at 4:00pm.  I need to leave here about 3:15pm.   thank you. 
 http://www.bondsonline.com/ 
 I agree. 
 Thank you for the invitation but I will be unable to attend. Have a great time and thanks again for thinking of me and Enron. 
 Network Appliance Selects TIBCO Software to Support Enterprise System Initiatives  TIBCO Technology Enables Network Appliance to Integrate Its Internal Enterprise Systems Without Disrupting Its Business  PALO ALTO, Calif., July 24 /PRNewswire/ -- Advancing its leadership in the application integration space, TIBCO Software Inc. (Nasdaq: TIBX - news), a leading provider of real-time infrastructure software for e-business, announced today Network Appliance, Inc. (Nasdaq: NTAP - news), the leading provider of network-attached data access and content management solutions, has selected the TIBCO ActiveEnterprisec e-business product suite to integrate its internal enterprise systems and applications. As a fast growing company, Network Appliance has been continually implementing best-in-class enterprise systems such as enterprise resource planning, customer resource management, human resources and manufacturing applications. To integrate these disparate systems and ensure that the right people within Network Appliance have access to the information they need, Network Appliance turned to TIBCO.  ``We need an integration tool that will not only enable us to share information internally, but will also enable us to extend access to this information beyond our corporate firewalls, as we expand our e-commerce capabilities,'' said Ric McCormick, director of business applications for Network Appliance. ``TIBCO's proven e-business solutions provide us with the scalability, security and reliability we need to ensure that our technology infrastructure can keep up with our business growth, and just as important, that our vital business processes not be disrupted as we continue to implement new solutions.''  ``To be successful e-businesses, companies need a highly efficient information infrastructure that connects every system and process in the enterprise,'' said Fred Meyer, vice president of product management for TIBCO Software. ``TIBCO ActiveEnterprise is helping leading companies like Network Appliance further leverage their front-end and back-end IT systems and bring those systems closer to customers and partners over the Web.''  About TIBCO ActiveEnterprise  The core of TIBCO's real-time software infrastructure offering is the TIBCO ActiveEnterprise suite, designed for building a complete, end-to-end Internet and enterprise infrastructure that successfully scales to the most demanding business information networks. It provides a real-time e-business integration platform that encompasses data integration and transformation, business process coordination, messaging, enterprise portals and alerting, adapters for legacy, packaged and third-party applications, plus enterprise monitoring and management.  About Network Appliance  Network Appliance, Inc., a veteran in network file serving and caching, has been providing data access solutions since 1992, and is a member of both the S+P 500 and Nasdaq 100 index. Major corporations and ISPs, including Lycos, Yahoo!, Citicorp Securities, Siemens, Lockheed, Cisco, Motorola, and Texas Instruments have deployed NetApp solutions. NetApp Internet caching solutions (NetCache(TM) appliances) and file servers (filers) deliver fast, simple, reliable, and cost-effective access to network-stored data and enable simultaneous shared file services for UNIX, Windows NTc, and the World Wide Web.  The company pioneered the concept of the ``network appliance,'' an extension of the industry trend toward dedicated, specialized products that perform a single function. Network Appliance filers and NetCache appliances are based on the company's innovative data access software known as the Data ONTAP(TM) operating system and standards-compliant hardware.  About TIBCO Software  TIBCO Software Inc. is a leading provider of real-time e-business infrastructure software. TIBCO's three product lines -- TIBCO ActiveEnterprisec, TIBCO ActiveExchange(TM) and TIBCO ActivePortal(TM) -- enable businesses to integrate enterprise applications, interact with other businesses in B2B commerce, and efficiently deliver personalized information through enterprise portals. TIBCO's products enable the real-time distribution of information through patented technology called The Information Busc, or TIBc. TIB technology was first used to digitize Wall Street and has since been adopted in diverse industries including telecommunications, electronic commerce, manufacturing and energy. TIBCO's global client base includes more than 1,000 customers from around the world such as Cisco Systems, Yahoo!, Ariba, NEC, 3Com, Sun Microsystems, SAP, Philips, AT&T and AOL/Netscape. Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, TIBCO can be reached at 650-846-1000 or on the web at www.tibco.com.  NOTE: Network Appliance is a trademark of Network Appliance, Inc. in the United States and other countries. TIBCO, TIBCO ActiveEnterprise, TIBCO ActiveExchange, TIBCO ActivePortal, The Information Bus and TIB are trademarks or registered trademarks of TIBCO Software Inc.  Legal Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: This release may contain forward-looking statements regarding TIBCO's business, customers or other factors that may affect future earnings or financial results. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements can be found in TIBCO Software's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (``SEC''), including but not limited to its registration statement on Form S-1 which was filed with the SEC, and the most recent reports on Forms 10-Q and 10-K, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements including limited independent operating history, history of losses, unpredictability of future revenue, dependence on a limited number of customers, relationship with Reuters Group PLC, rapid technological and market changes, risks associated with infrastructure software and volatility of stock price. Copies of filings made with the SEC are available through the SEC's electronic data gather analysis and retrieval system (EDGAR) at www.sec.gov. TIBCO assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements included in this document. 
 You need to take that draft to bank by tomorrow.  Mom got a voice mail saying that they will need to reissue the draft if we all have not signed by tomorrow.  Call if you have questions 713 853 4723 713 365 9035 
 You need to take that draft to bank by tomorrow.  Mom got a voice mail saying that they will need to reissue the draft if we all have not signed by tomorrow.  Call if you have questions 713 853 4723 713 365 9035 
 see the attached resume below.  I don't know this guy but thought I'd pass it along to you. 
 please add to my schedule.  thank you. 
 please remind me of this meeting  2:30pm Thursday 7/20  EB2949 
 thanks for the info. 
 just come by - I'll contribute. 
 I have recieved the feedback forms that were completed by several people for Connie.  If you have any additional feedback to add you can email it to me.   Thanks. 
 glad to be of assistance. 
 thanks for the info. 
 please add individual HPL contact and Texas desk contact.  thanks. 
 perfect.   thank you.    Enron North America Corp. 
 we need to make sure we go through this approval for Tammy's upcoming meeting. 
 please forward to everyone in our group. 
 let's talk this afternoon.    Enron North America Corp. 
 please have someone pick this up for me today.  thank you. 
 please add to my schedule 
 riday July 7, 11:43 am Eastern Time  Company Press Release  SOURCE: Columbia Gas Transmission  Columbia Gas Transmission Files Innovative Capacity Auction Process With FERC  FAIRFAX, Va., July 7 /PRNewswire/ -- Continuing its quest to promote creative regulatory policies, Columbia Gas Transmission, a wholly owned subsidiary of Columbia Energy Group, has urged the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to consider an interactive, Internet-based pipeline capacity auction process that enhances Columbia's current open auction process.  In a first of its kind filing, Columbia proposes a ``bid/offer'' system for selling capacity similar to on-line natural gas commodity trading systems. The filing was made in response to customer concerns with the current process and is consistent with sentiments expressed in FERC's Order 637, which encourages companies to voluntarily submit ``new and innovative approaches'' to capacity auctions. Since the filing is not required under Order 637, Columbia's proposed auction is separate from Columbia's Order 637 compliance filing made June 15.  ``Under the current mechanism, capacity is not always awarded to the party that places the highest value on it,'' said Carl Levander, vice-president of Rates and Regulatory Policy for Columbia Gas Transmission. ``Even though we conduct our current capacity auction over a five-day period, parties often wait until the last 15 minutes to place a bid. Also, since the current process is based on set time periods, customers often call us back after the auction is closed saying they valued the capacity greater than the winning bid.''  According to Levander, Columbia's proposal addresses these concerns by moving to an enhanced, Internet-based interactive auction that takes into consideration such current market conditions as daily fluctuations in capacity value and the increased level of auction activity due to shorter-term contracts.  Under Columbia's proposed ``bid/offer'' system, Columbia would ``offer'' (via its electronic bulletin board) sales terms for all its available firm capacity. Customers can then match all asking sales terms for any portion of the quantity and a sale is immediate and binding. If Columbia offers discounted capacity, the customer can counter-offer with a different rate. Or, if Columbia offers maximum rate capacity, then a customer can counter-offer with a different term length. Columbia can match the highest bid, subject to a present value process, and the sale is immediate and binding. At any time before a binding sale, the customer can change or withdraw its bid.  Columbia's ``bid/offer'' auction proposal meets the six basic principles outlined in FERC's Order 637.  *     Columbia's auction has predictable timing since the auction will begin each day at 9:15 a.m. (EST) and all available capacity will be posted prior to 8:00 a.m. (EST). *     The auction will be open to all creditworthy bidders on a non- discriminatory basis. *     The auction is user-friendly since it will use Columbia's existing EBB format. All information concerning rules and procedures will be made available on the Internet. *     The method of selecting the best bid will be easily understood since bidders will only be able to change one variable with respect to each capacity package made available. *     As is Columbia's current practice, winning bids and the bidder's identity will be posted to permit monitoring of how the selection criteria were applied. *     The bidding process will be transparent to all parties since all bids (without the bidder's identity) will be available for review to all bidders through an Internet-based system.   ``We believe the combination of these factors will ensure that the capacity auction format is 'transparent, verifiable, and non-discriminatory' to all parties as well as innovative in design,'' Levander said.  Levander said the proposal not only meets the Commission's principles, it is based on feedback gathered from customers, who expressed a desire for transparent market information; shorter auction periods; an ability to withdraw and change bids; and a real-time, immediate closure process.  Columbia Gas Transmission, with offices in Charleston, W.Va., and Fairfax, Va., moves an average of three billion cubic feet of natural gas per day to markets along a 12,550-mile pipeline network, which reaches across 10 Midwestern, Northeastern and mid-Atlantic states. The company operates one of the largest natural gas storage systems in the country with over 240 billion cubic feet (Bcf) of working capacity.  Columbia Energy Group, based in Herndon, Va., is one of the nation's leading energy services companies, with assets of approximately $7 billion. Its operating companies engage in nearly all phases of the natural gas business, including exploration and production, transmission, storage and distribution, as well as retail energy marketing, propane and petroleum product sales, and electric power generation. Information about Columbia Energy Group (NYSE: CG - news) is available on the Internet at http://www.columbiaenergygroup.com.  SOURCE: Columbia Gas Transmission  Email this story - View most popular stories emailed   More Quotes and News: Columbia Energy Group (NYSE:CG - news) Related News Categories: government, internet, oil/energy, utilities    Help   Copyright , 2000 Yahoo! All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy - Terms of Service Copyright 2000 PRNewswire. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of PRNewswire content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of PRNewswire. PRNewswire shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Questi 
 please remind Dick and me of this meeting. 
 I have a dentist appointment on Tuesday, July 11 at 4:00pm. I will be leaving the office around 3:15pm. 
 please add to my schedule. 
 please reserve a seat for me.  thank you. 
 fyi - notice Heating Oil stocks below. 
 Can you please send me a copy of the NGPL transportation deal structure?  Thank you. 
 I am representing him.  I definately need some feedback/ranking before this PRC meeting on July 19. 
 fyi 
 please add this to my calender.  thank you. 
 John Massey 
 No problem, we will have them to you by 2pm.   Also, I am still working on getting this info to you in a more systematic manner but our IT people are currently swamped. 
 we need to have this info to them by 1:00pm our time. 
 please find out what dates are available for this program, I need to attend some time before year end. 
 Jason,  This is perfect.  Thank you for your assistance. 
 I will be there.  I think I will start earlier in the morning because I have tickets to the Astro's game. 
 sorry for the mistake. IMD Tx Eastern ELA   sitara# 279991 
 TETCO  ELA   sitara #27991  Scott Hendrickson might be the trader on the other deal, depending on the pipeline, but he is not aware of it. Do you know the pipeline for this deal? 
 yes, still on for dinner. 7:30pm is ok for me.  let know where and when.  I look forward to seeing you and Scott. 
 that is the correct address.  I will complete and return the evaluation in the next few days.  thank you for your help. 
 Kathy Kelly EXCELLENT    The performance of the group in the area of operations/logistics is superior.  Kathy is able to manage multiple tasks and is able to get performance form her people.  Even with the dramatic growth of  our business, the ops group has been able to manage to sustain a very high level of performance.  I think Kathy could improve in the commercial area (idetifying important data/market info) and thinking of ways to improve our business model though systems, organizational structure, etc..  Ed Terry  SASTIFACTORY/STRONG   Similar comments as above in the area of operations/logistics.  Ed's scope is fairly narrow, very centered to operations/logistics.   I would like Ed to improve his ability/wllingness to make decisions.   Very little commercial understanding, although shows interest in learning. 
 thanks for the info. 
 that sounds fine to me. 
 i will be there. 
 Absolutely! and have a great time. 
 I talked with Chris Gaskill about them starting in the Fundmentals group. 
 Sarah Mulholland rotated to Global Products reporting to John Nolan. 
 I am planning to take vacation Sept. 6-8. 
 thanks for the info. 
 I am Alok's representative for the global Associate PRC meeting on July 19. I need some feed back on his performance/ranking for the first half of the year. 
 Scott Neal will be represting an associate in your group.  Please forward feedback to him no later than July 7.  Many Thanks   If you have more than one associate please contact Kimberly Brown x35193. 
 Anytime after 3:30pm today or after 2:30pm tomorrow.    Enron North America Corp. 
 make sure Jared brings his credit card 
 fyi  - EOL information 
 Can you make me the Administrator for these sub users? 
 I definately support  a promotion.  I have not given up on the contract, although I have not figured out how to make it more palatable for her while ensuring she is committed to Enron.  Scott 
 thanks.  I thought it went pretty well and think it is a great idea.  Let's make sure to do this once a month. 
 please see a draft of the proposed rules and trading ticket.  please let me know if you have any questions or comments. 
 I have 3 addtional candidates for consideration:  Seung-taek Oh (Associate - Credit Derivatives) Scott Loving   (East Logistics) Eric Boyt   ( Gas Structuring) 
 no problem 
 Muchas gracias, mi amiga.  Un gran besito a vos. 
 I would like Joe Casas (currently East logistics) to participate in the interview process. 
 1.  Patty Broderson  (770) 792-1962 (headhunter) is working on a postion for a trading/marketing company located in Dallas.  2.  Roseanne Marino  (212) 704 2156  (headhunter) is working on a position in marketing/trading for Constellation energy. 
 thank ;you very much 
 Suggestions for offsite:  1)  Non Enron speakers/presenters 2)  Cabo San Lucas, The Biltmore in Coral Gables,FL, The Broadmoor in Colorado Springs 
 I will send her a note right now. 
 i think either one of us can sign 
 I will be passing an envelop to collect a small monetary token of appreciation for Kimberly and Alex for Administrative Assistants' week.  Please give if you are able and in an amount that you feel is appropriate. thanks,  Scott Neal 
 please add Tom Martin to this list. 
 great idea!!!! 
 I will be passing an envelop to collect a small monetary token of appreciation for Kimberly and Alex for Administrative Assistants' week. Please give if you are able and in an amount that you feel is appropriate. thanks,  Scott Neal 
 make sure Jared brings his credit card 
 I talked with Chris Gaskill about them starting in the Fundmentals group. 
 these are the 2 guys I mentioned that we should put in trading rotations. 
 you are correct.  Whatever name works for me. 
 Muchas gracias, mi amiga.  Un gran besito a vos. 
 available EXCEPT for the following days:  May 16 -18 May 22 May 23 May 25-31  June 6 June 13 June 20 June 25-29 July 2-6 July 11   I hope this is helpful.  I will let you know if anything changes.  Thank you,  Scott 
 I would like Joe Casas (currently East logistics) to participate in the interview process. 
 1.  Patty Broderson  (770) 792-1962 (headhunter) is working on a postion for a trading/marketing company located in Dallas.  2.  Roseanne Marino  (212) 704 2156  (headhunter) is working on a position in marketing/trading for Constellation energy. 
 thank ;you very much 
 Suggestions for offsite:  1)  Non Enron speakers/presenters 2)  Cabo San Lucas, The Biltmore in Coral Gables,FL, The Broadmoor in Color= ado Springs 
 I will send her a note right now. 
 i think either one of us can sign 
 frank, jared, craig - fyi  open discussion meeting with everybody including logistics to talk about the business.  Tuesday,  10:30-11:30am Room ??? (I'll let you know)  Scott 
 please add Tom Martin to this list. 
 great idea!!!! 
 I will be passing an envelop to collect a small monetary token of appreciation for Kimberly and Alex for Administrative Assistants' week.  Please give if you are able and in an amount that you feel is appropriate. thanks,  Scott Neal 
 make sure Jared brings his credit card 
 I talked with Chris Gaskill about them starting in the Fundmentals group. 
 these are the 2 guys I mentioned that we should put in trading rotations. 
 Effective as soon as possible, I would like to cancel my Body Shop membership.  Please let me know if I need to do anything in addition to this email notification.  Thank for your help.  Scott Neal 
 yes please take care of this for me.  thank you. 
 I have forgotten my user name and password.  I work for Enron.  Can you help me?  Thank you,  Scott Neal 
 16 
 please add to my schedule. 
 Carrie,  I am unable to do participate at that time on June 24 due to bid week.  However, after 3:30pm would work.  Let me know if this works for you. 
 Karen,  I had not thought about the title issue but my view is that if the person is a viable candidate and wants to pursue this track then title should be a non issue.  I don't see any problem with having a current manager in the program.  Having said all that, I don't know John Lavoratto's view. 
 John Thompson and Scott Josey are the guys doing the producer finance business. 
 Bob,  I would like to put a contract in place with the following counterparty.  I think a GISB contract will be sufficient since the transactions will be 1 month or shorter.  El Paso Field Services Sam Ansley (832) 676-5555 FAX (832) 676-1483  Let md know if you need additional info.  Thanks.  Scott 
 talked with her this afternoon.  gave her feedback on how I think you could add value to this business. 
 talked with     Thomas Hicks and Monte Jones.  I think we should bring them both in for an interview.   I plan on talking with Jeremy Tartack this evening. 
 thanks. 
 I had a great visit with Eddie Rietze last night.  We spent about 3 hours together.  I think we should definately pursue him. He is interested talking further.  We will probably need to meet with him during the evening.  Please let me know if I need to do anything to proceed.  I indicated to Eddie that you would be contacting him to set an interview schedule.  thanks,  Scott 
 I am not available 
 Wednesday  any time after 3:30pm would work well for me. 
 Not at this time. 
 you are clearly deserving.  good luck! 
 Colton and I will not be able to attend.  Sorry for the late response.  Have a great time. 
 http://www.irs.gov/prod/bus_info/tax_pro/irm-part/part04/30245.html#ss1 
 What do I need to do to cancel my Body Shop membership?  Thanks for your help.  Scott Neal 
 info per yor request 
 I think we should interview Gary Linhart for the trading track. 
 talked with Guilermo Arana and I think we should interview him.  I left a message with Gary Linhart - will forward feedback after I talk with him. 
 Thank you for your kind words.  As always, I appreciate your efforts and integrity. I am also very proud of what we have accomplished here and am hopeful that we will look back on this and smile about how we came through it.  Scott 
 I have not talked with them yet but I hope to do so today. 
 To whom should a check be written to?  American Heart Association?? 
 I have been unable to reach Francis Nyema, so no feedback on him. 
 fyi 
 Sarah,  Unfortunately, I will be unable to attend as I have apreviously scheduled staff meeting.  Sorry for the confusion.  Scott Neal 
 Comments from trading track phone interviews:   Fred Baloutch  -  recommendation: invite in for interview  -  excellent academic results, very smart, some summer gas experience with BC gas, did some work with weater derivatives,  very enthusiatic  Carlos Betancourt  -  recommendation: do not invite for interview - unable to communicate relavent experience.  Seung "Sam" Hyun Cho -  recommendation:  invite for interview ( however, Sam does not graduate until May '02, so Associate program recruiting may be a better fit.)  excellent academic results,  able to discuss a wide variety of subject material regarding trading,  strong understanding of risk and derviatives.   Please let me know if you need additional information.  Scott 
 this is the other meeting previously scheduled 
 not available due to other meeting 
 I think that sounds  good.   I think Daniel has done a nice job for us.  Scott 
  please remind me of this meeting 
  You are welcome to come down any day.  I think that changing the time on the 29th would be good since we are still in "bid week" that day.  Thanks,  Scott 
 Do you have a date for the trading track interviews?  Thanks,  Scott 
 thank you for the free trial membership.  At this time, I would like to cancel my membership and avoid any future billing.  Thank you,  Scott Neal  Order ID: 20010924000612330  scott.neal@enron.com 
 thanks for the invitation, but unfortunately won't be able to attend.  Scott 
 no interest for me.  thanks. 
 yes, I received my folder.  thank you. 
 I am unable to play because my kids have football games that day.  Thanks for the invitation. 
 thank you 
 thanks. 
 I am not available at this time. 
 thanks 
 should we have somebody from the Upstream group attned this?? 
 what are your store hours? 
 I am planning on taking a half day of vacation tomorrow to go see the Astros game, if ok with you.  Scott 
  fyi 
 I will be attending. 
 Carin,  Please note some suggested changes in red.  Don't feel obligated to use them as is. Let me know if you need additional infromation.  Scott 
 i will review right now and send comments. 
  just wanted to make sure you received this. 
 I would like to add Leonidas Saavas and Jeff Royed. 
 please don't send this to me. 
 It was great to see you as well.  I look forward to seeing you again in the future.  Saludos,  Scott 
 I did not agree to this $50,000 pmt for Enron to keep these contracts. I did not cut that deal nor did I agree to pay this fee. 
 Kelley,  I am writing to you to follow up on our discussion last week regarding disclosure of counterparty names for price verification purposes. Can you give me the name and contact information for the person within your company that would work with us to put a Confidentiality Agreement in place. Jeff Hodge is our lawyer who will work on this for Enron.  Jeff can contacted at 713 853-6911 or by email at jeffrey.t.hodge@enron.com.  Thanks for you assistance.  Scott Neal 
 thank you. 
 fyi 
 Colton plays Tuesday @ 7:30pm behind Mac Haik on I-10. Brett plays Wednesday @ 7:30pm at Gobe Stadium at the old Spring Branch High School. 
 Randy,  I hope all is well with you.  Hopefully, we will be starting up in the next weeks as UBS.  I don't know if you are still in the market for people.  I have attached the resume of Vickie Versen for your review.  She was most recently responsible for trading physical gas in the Gulf.  She came out of our scheduling/logistics group and has extensive experience working on several East pipes.  I think she would consider a trading or scheduling position.  Sincerely,  Scott Neal 
 please approve this for me or come help me to approve it.  thank you  scott 
 thank you 
 Will the people with asterisks be receiving offers?  just curious. 
 great, thanks for the information.  Also, you and everyone else in your group did a nice job coordinating the process. 
 Colton's game tonight is at 6:00pm not 7:30 as I previously thought.  Brett's game is at 8:00pm on Wednesday instead of 7:30. 
 Kelley,  Any info yet on who we can work with on this?  Thanks,  Scott 
 Julie,  Thank you so much for the tickets to the golf tournament.  I took my nephew and we had a great time. I really appreciate you thinking of me.  Sincerely,  Scott Neal 
 can't do it this weekend du my kids' football games.  thanks 
 thank you. 
 fyi.  I think Randy is the no. 2 guy  at RWE.  You might give him a call.  Scott 
 please approve this. 
 please approve this. 
 please approve this. 
 please approve this. 
 please approve this 
 can't do it -  thanks for the invite. 
 great.  I look forward to seeing you.   Scott 
 please forward to all East traders and originators 
 please schedule a room for this presentation 
 that sounds great. thank you so much.  see you tomorrow 
 As I suggested several months ago you need to get access to TDS with a total position view.  I am well within my VAR.  If I need to be responsible for total gas floor VAR let me know. 
 julia,  do you have Dave Stevenson's  phone # at work??  thanks, scott 
 thankyou very much.. I need to reschedule our meeting.  Any day next week works for me, after 2:30pm. 
 Karen,  Leonida Saavas can be available at your convenience regarding trading track starting date.  Thanks, Scott 
  can you help gary on this? 
 Everyone on each desk is an EOL trader.  Please continue to include the East Desk on your daily lunch list. 
 Are you planning to fundy's presentation on Tuesday?  If yes, please include the entire East Desk in the email notice.  Andy Ring, Judy Townsend, Scott Neal, Frank Vickers, Jared Kaiser, Chuck Ames, Jon McKay, Craig Taylor, Sandra Brawner  Thanks,  Scott 
 good job, Frank. 
 please approve for me. 
 frank,  which originator should this go to? 
 I would like to play. 
 Lavo,  I will be in town all weekend.  I can reached anytime at one of the following numbers.  home:  713 365 9035 cell:  713 503 3466  Scott 
 count me in, I will see you friday morning unless I hear otherwise. 
 left voicemail telling Terry that you would be calling.  Also, told her to call me back. will update you further after I talk to her. 
 yes 
 What is this about? 
 Any day this week after 2:00pm works for me.  Just let me know.  I am located at 06466 
 Andy Ring and Sandra Brawner need to be at this meeting. 
 I know you  guys may be  still in the hiring mode.  I've attached 2 resumes that are worth a look.  Beth Jenkins is a senior commercial person with extensive derivatives knowledge and industry experience.  She has a trading background but has interest in pursuing Origination opportunities also.    Vickie Versen worked for me most recently trading physical gas in the Gulf and previous scheduled on several East pipes.  I think she has interest in considering either trading or scheduling. 
 fyi 
 I would like to get together Monday, February 4 at 9:30am to discuss the startup of our business including products, points, responsibilities etc.  Amanda will notify you with the location.  Thanks,  Scott 
 Final floor plan 
 I will send Ina the final plan this AM. 
  can you guys follow up on this payment issue? 
 maybe soon.  sneal4@houston.rr.com 
 Tammy,  I will have final for you by 10:30am.  Bob is working on his supoort people right now and we will be meeting to allocate/place assistants at 10:00am.  I will send shortly thereafter.  Scott 
  preliminary final - assistants to be added tomorrow 
 forward to tammy sheppard when you're finished  thanks 
 note changes 
 don't know yet because  we have not decided who is going to work for whom.  i will let you know 
 waiting on Hunter 
 take a look and  make changes 
 thanks, tom 
 thank you 
    take a look and make changes.  scott 
 becky young sent me thsi seating arrangement for you guys?  she does not have Sheetal on it - should I add her in the "open" spot?  Scott 
 please fill people in the attached floor plan 
 I am unable to attend. 
 please place your people in the attached floor plan.  Fred - Blue Chris - Peach 
 Revised Gas floor plan 
 I think chuck will do these 
 thank you. 
 Jon Mckay will manage Brad's products.  What products had we assigned to Pete? 
 fyi 
 victor,  take a look and fill people as you see best.  this is only preliminary so you will have a chance to revise if you change your mind.  thanks,  scott 
  please note that Brad Mckay has left the company. 
 your welcome 
 713 365 9035 home 713 853 4723 work 713 503 3466 cell 
 thanks, kimberly.  Scott 
 I don't have it. 
 I meant Amy Fitzpatrick. 
 Please attend a meeting at the Houstonian on Wednesday, 1/23/02 from 10:00 am to 1:00 pm for a welcome and overview presented by UBS senior management.  Breakfast treats will be served starting at 9:00 am.  The meeting will begin at 10:00 am sharp. 
 I forgot at ask about Judy Townsend's adjustment due to change from part time to full time? 
 Bob,  Just curious how everything went on Friday.  call me if you get a minute.  Scott x34723 713 503 3466 713 365 9035 
 sure. Everything looks like it might work out for us in the Trading business.  The bankruptcy court will hopefully approve the sale of the Trading business to UBS Warburg on Friday.  If all goes well there then I will be working for UBS.  I'll give you a call.  It's great to hear from you.  Scott 713 365 9035 713 853 4723 
 I hope this is helpful. 
 Tom sent me an email yesterday.  I would encourage you to seriously consider the opportunity.  At this point, I am not sure what my exact needs are in the East, but as we all know things tend to change rather quickly around here.  Let me know if I can help you with your decision.   Scott 
 I think that would be great.  Let me know if i can help out.  I received an email from Chris also, I will definately encourage him to stay with us. 
 Just to follow up on our conversation this morning.  I definately would like to nominate Bob Superty for promotion.  Bob has done  a fabulous job for several years managing our overall logistics function.  Let me know if you additional info from me. 
 I gave it to Amy Fitzgerald last week. 
 I would like to play. 
 We had talked about suspending the United Way contribution but let's not worry about it at this point. Thanks for your help.  Scott 
 thanks. 
 Any information yet on the $1537.00 of "Other Deductions" from my 12/31 paycheck?  Thanks for your help.   Scott 
 fyi 
 Can you call Jaime at MGI/Pemex regarding payments between MGI and Enron?  I think they need an explanation regarding how payments are made within the bankruptcy proceeding.  Jaime can be reached at 011525 55 232 5996.  Thank you. 
 here is a first pass of the East seating plan. 
 no problem. 
 test 
 I don't think so, but I am not exactly sure how the program works.  I believe that you are to be reimbursed at the end of each semester after you receive your grades.  However, you would need to be employed with Enron at that time to be reimbursed. 
 stop 
 fyi  - EOL information 
 Can you make me the Administrator for these sub users? 
 I definately support  a promotion.  I have not given up on the contract, although I have not figured out how to make it more palatable for her while ensuring she is committed to Enron.  Scott 
 thanks.  I thought it went pretty well and think it is a great idea.  Let's make sure to do this once a month. 
 please see a draft of the proposed rules and trading ticket.  please let me know if you have any questions or comments. 
 philly,  what's the story?  escotty 
 I have 3 addtional candidates for consideration:  Seung-taek Oh (Associate - Credit Derivatives) Scott Loving   (East Logistics) Eric Boyt   ( Gas Structuring) 
 no problem 
 fyi  - EOL information 
 no problem 
 look forward to seeing you.  let me know your schedule.   do you have a real estate agent to help you - my mother is an agent and could give you some info. 
 Glad to be of assistance.  Don't hesitate to call again. 
 please add to my schedule. 
 The guy in B.A. that we booked our hunt with is Emilio Paris (phone # 011 541 14 812 2154).  We hunted near a small town called Rio Tercero about  45 minutes outside of Cordoba.  We stayed at the Los Alamos Lodge.  Our guide's name was Sergio Abrile.  We paid $750 for 3 days of hunting, 2 nights lodging, meals, hunting license, etc.  We paid $9.00/box for shells.  We aleady had our guns,  however they had very nice, new Beretta 12/20 ga. shotguns for rent for $25/day.  We hunted April 30-May 2 which is the end of fall and we slayed the birds.  I think the only time to avoid is during the heart of winter July-August due to cold/wet conditions.  The flight from Buenos Aires to Corboda cost about $200 and takes about an hour.  You might call Emilio just to compare prices, etc.  I think he is affiliated with a US outfitter called Gage/4 Seasons.  I hope this info is helpful. Don't hesitate to call if have nay questions. 
 please forward to everyone on the East Desk. thanks, scott 
 I really don't have a clue.  However,it seems that most of the costs are generally fixed - people, systems, etc. 
 pay only the $1750 referenced below to Robin Barbie from my book. 
 please pay this origination from my book to Robin. 
 Hi Rolo,  I am glad to hear from you.  Yes, Sao Paulo is muy grande con muchos macacos.  Everything is going fine here.  Do you have any trips to the US planned?  I have not be playing much golf, too cold and rainy here so far this winter, but spring is near.  Stay in touch and good luck.  Scott 
 Let's try to visit on Thursday or Friday in the afternoon. 
 Colton and I will be there some time during the day on Saturday and will spend the night. 
 Susan, I don't know if such a letter exists.  Tom, do you know - also, who might be able to help Susan with the information requested below?    Susan Elledge @ ENRON 02/06/2001 01:33 PM 
 sure.  any afternoon is fine with me. 
 Muchas gracias, mi amiga.  Un gran besito a vos. 
 Thank you for the info.  I call if I have questions after I review further.    Enron North America Corp. 
 great, I hope that they are helpful to you. 
 http://gasmsgboard.corp.enron.com/msgframe.asp 
 you are correct..    Enron North America Corp. 
 no.  I don't think I know him.  I had another contact there.  I will look for his name, number, email address if you want it.    Enron North America Corp. 
 fyi 
 I'll pay you Friday night.  I think we're going to dinner together.  Let me know if you need it earlier. 
 the file you sent is password protected.  send new file or password. 
 re:  NAT 
 note Chris McGill's (AGA) commments. 
 I sent them last week to your parent's address.  You should receive them by the end of  this week. Have a good week.  Scott 
 thank you. 
 ok   have a nice day    Enron North America Corp. 
 thanks.    Enron North America Corp. 
 http://clickathomepilot.enron.com 
 Peter,  please add Frank Vickers to this distribution list.  thanks,  scott neal 
 available EXCEPT for the following days:  May 16 -18 May 22 May 23 May 25-31  June 6 June 13 June 20 June 25-29 July 2-6 July 11   I hope this is helpful.  I will let you know if anything changes.  Thank you,  Scott 
 Frank,  fyi - EOL reports 
 thanks for your help.    Enron North America Corp. 
 I spoke to Kevin Murray last week and sent him a couple of books on the subject of Trading. He informed me that he has accepted our offer.  Please let me know if you need additional information.    Enron North America Corp. 
 ok by me 
 please add to my schedule. 
 please disregard previous email. 
 anytime after 4:00pm would work. 
 please take care of this. 
 I have a seat for Frank and I am working on Gil and the rest of those guys. Ina is out until Thursday, but I will be giving her a call at home this morning to see what can be done.  I will coordinate the move as  soon as I have a space.  Meanwhile, I am checking with the guys periodically to meet their needs while they are on the 31st floor.  Call me if you have any further questions x35193.  Regards,  Kimberly 
 no problem    Enron North America Corp. 
 thanks for the info and good luck. 
 ?????????????   do i need to do anything????? 
 Can you resend this file as regular Excel or Word file? I am unable to read it. 
 thank you and happy new year! 
 thanks for the info,  Captain.    Enron North America Corp. 
 are these Gas Daily priced volumes or IF first of month/fxd price volumes???    Enron North America Corp. 
 I would like Joe Casas (currently East logistics) to participate in the interview process. 
 this looks fine to me. 
 I think January 9-10 is better because many people will be away the first few days of the year. 
 Great.  I look forward to seeing you.  Feliz Navidad!     Pablo Acevedo @ ENRON   12/15/2000 11:01 AM 
 Merry Christmas to you and your family.  We had a great time this football season and look forward to next year. 
 please forward to all in our group.  thank you. 
 we had a good day. 
 713 503 3466 is the correct number.  Have a great day. 
 fyi 
 John,  Please find attached the resume of Angie Zeman, who is an analyst working a rotation in East Gas Logistics.  She is an outstanding perfromer and is interested in pursuing opportunities  in London.  Who is the best person in your organization to communicate her interest and my recommendation?  Thanks.  Scott 
 Tammy,  Sean can help us with customized EOL reports.  Scott 
 1.  Patty Broderson  (770) 792-1962 (headhunter) is working on a postion for a trading/marketing company located in Dallas.  2.  Roseanne Marino  (212) 704 2156  (headhunter) is working on a position in marketing/trading for Constellation energy. 
 thanks chris. 
 1)  Is this deal done? 2)  What is the firm quantity?   The quantitiy should be fixed. 3)  Who is communcating with Cabot from a logisitics/volume management point of view? 4)  Why are we nominating ( instead of ENA Upstream) and which group is responsible for balancing on Tenn and Transco?     Enron North America Corp. 
 I don't know him. 
 talked with Ryan last week.  he is thrilled and looking forward to working with us. 
 Let's set up a meeting to discuss.  The Wellhead Group is responsible for everything up to the mainline/pool including scheduling, nominations, operational swing etc.  The East desk would have a deal with the Wellheasd Group for a firm daily quantity of gas at the mainline or pool.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Jennifer Milligan will be contacting regarding the intern program.  She will probably want a resume from you. Also,  she will want to know what area(s) (eg. accounting, marketing, research, etc.)  you have interest in working.  Please keep me up to date once she contacts you.  Sincerely,  Scott 
 thank ;you very much 
 Rolo and I worked together in BA.  Rolo did a great job for us, focusing mostly on gas but he did do some work on power as well. He is very bright and has a great work ethic.  He has gained a fair amount of commercial experience (including "trading" natural gas) in Argentina. I would recommend him highly. 
 yes i want to contribute, and thank you for doing this.    Enron North America Corp. 
 de nada, che! 
 call this guy listed below 
 please disregard previous letter due to misspelling.  please print the attached letter on my letterhead and send to:  Amr Ibrahim at EB4737B. 
 I will correct the spelling and forward the letter to you tomorrow. 
 John/Dave,  Frank and I would like to recommend assigning Phil Demoes outside of our new group as part of the upcoming reorganization. Please let us know if you would like to discuss further and how we should proceed. 
 i think gil muhl wants to meet with us on Monday at 4pm to discuss PSEG.  he will let us know monday morning. 
 please print the attached letter on my letterhead.  thank you. 
 Suggestions for offsite:  1)  Non Enron speakers/presenters 2)  Cabo San Lucas, The Biltmore in Coral Gables,FL, The Broadmoor in Colorado Springs 
 Haven't forgot about you yet.  I will have the information for you this week.  Thank you for your persistence and patience.  Sincerely,  Scott 
 Any ideas on who to talk to regarding a possible summer internship?  Scott 
 We will get working on this.  I have no problem with you sitting in on the PRC process.  We are scheduled to have this meeting on Nov. 29, however I think there is some chance this date might change due to bid week activities. 
 I have prepared  a recommendation letter as  you have requested.  It is my pleasure to do so.  Please advise as to when to send, etc.  I am available to visit on the phone any time after 2:3opm any day this week.  However, I will be out of the office on Thursday and Friday Nov. 16-17. 
 Jim,  Any thoughts or guidance on the question below?  Scott 
 Just a thought - but we will still be finishing up bid week on Nov. 29.  Any ideas about the first week in December. 
 Can you make me the Administrator for these sub users? 
 I will send her a note right now. 
 what is this approval for? 
 I will plan on seeing you here tomorrow or Thursday. 
 please follow up on this potential deal. 
 I have not had any contact from anyone in Europe regarding you previous email. 
 I don't have any plans to travel down there at this point.  But if this changes I will let you know and would love to play some golf. 
 please use the attached spreadsheet for reporting prices to Inside FERC. 
 Edward Brady       did not interview Chelsea Buras         did not interview Lindsay Culotta        did not interview Milagros Daetz         Finance/Credit Miles Farr                   did not interview Brad Guilmino           Origination/Finance   strong candidate Stephanie Hopkins  Origination Shereka Jefferson    Origination Kevin Murray               Trading/Origination -  very strong candidate Leonidas Savvas      Trading  - very strong candidate Timothy Taylor            did not interview Ryan Thibideau        Origination  - very strong candidate 
 please forward to everyone in our group. 
 i think either one of us can sign 
 All of  the NYMEX natural gas swap products are very active as well as  the Gas Daily - Henry Hub prompt month. Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Itinerary for each of the Super Saturdays. 
 we need to participate in this interview process.  let me know if and when= =20 you can participate.  sign up at the web site listed below. =20 
 thank you for your help. 
 Corina,  Are the times the same for the Super Saturday on Nov.4? 
 I enjoyed visiting with you as well.  I was very impressed with the students that I interviewed.  You guys are certainly doing a great job educating. I had the pleasure of visiting with Milagros and was very impressed with her and I agree with your comments.  Some of the students were interested in additional reading that I thought might be helpful to them.  2 books that I think are very good  are 1) Option Volatility and Pricing by Sheldon Natenberg.  This is textbook type reading that is the best book on options that I know.  2) Reminisences of A Stock Operator by  Edwin Lefevre.  This is the best book on trading that I have read (I am actually currently reading it for the fifith of sixth time).  It is an easy read and is the real lfe story of a trader in the early 1900's.  A must read for anyone who has interest in markets and trading.  Sincerely,  Scott Neal 
 fyi we have 2 weeks to check this out without cost.  maybe we can get additional ideas about how we incorporate capacity trading into EOL. 
 I meant 2001. 
 I would like each of you to list your top 5-10 target customers for 2000 by 12pm tomorrow.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 let's talk this afternoon.  I think we need to think about a couple of these folks.  Also, Dave needs our 2000 goals and objectives, top target customers, as well ideas for coverage metrics.  I have a meeting from 3pm to 4pm but am available any other time. 
 let's discuss what info might be helpful. 
 How are we planning to handle daily volume swings on the 30% priced at Gas Daily and which group will hold this risk? Which group will handle nominations/scheduling/balancing on the gathering system?      Enron North America Corp. 
 transport model 
 yes, confirming receipt 
 Earnings calender site:  http://biz.yahoo.com/research/earncal/20001017.html 
 I will be there. 
 please add to my schedule. 
 fyi, please add to my schedule. 
 note the attached Heating Oil inventory graph. 
 fyi,  please follow up with Jennifer to determine status and what follow up needs to be done. 
 please add Tom Martin to this list. 
 please add this to my schedule. 
 please note and add to my schedule. 
 thank you. 
 Doug,  I am not available until 2:30pm.  Is it possilble to push back the start? 
 2 primary contributing factors:  1) EOL transaction volume increase 2) CES acquisition 
 yes, I would love to see all the potential candidates within the entire organization.  Thanks for all your help. 
 do you need any info from me? How did our volumes look for Sept.? 
 I look forward to seeing you. 
 great idea!!!! 
 please see the attachment below.  Any ideas for potential deals? 
 Jana,  Would it be possible to provide me with a list of all analysts working within ENA (along with their current assignments)?  Thank you. 
 I am ok with intraday recall, however this should be agreed to by the parties to the capacity release deal.  In other words, the parties should have the flexibility to make deals to include intraday recall rights or not.    Enron North America Corp. 
 I will be passing an envelop to collect a small monetary token of appreciation for Kimberly and Alex for Administrative Assistants' week. Please give if you are able and in an amount that you feel is appropriate. thanks,  Scott Neal 
 Thank you for sending. 
 please review.  check to make sure #250196  referenced below is booked properly. 
 fyi 
 What is the toping of this meeting?     Invitation Chairperson: Richard Burchfield Sent by: Cindy Cicchetti  Start: 10/04/2000 03:00 PM End: 10/04/2000 05:00 PM  Description: Gas Physical/Financial Meeting in room 2556    This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the meeting ). Meeting Dates:    Russ Severson/HOU/ECT Scott Mills/HOU/ECT Allan Severude/HOU/ECT Fletcher J Sturm/HOU/ECT Scott Neal/HOU/ECT Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT Phillip K Allen/HOU/ECT Kenny Ha/HOU/ECT  Detailed description: 
 how many meetings do I have today at 3pm    Enron North America Corp. 
 thank you. 
 Can send you me a copy of the 2000 plan for the East Desk? 
 thanks. 
 that's great news.  I look forward to seeing you. 
 No interest at this time.  Thank you. 
 fyi  -  interesting storage information. 
 The quantity adjustment should be 398,487 per the attached spreadsheet. Please confirm. 
 http://gasfundy.dev.corp.enron.com/ 
 I need the following information:  1)  Daily storage balances May 1, 2000 thru Sept. 26, 2000.  2)  in kind fuel charges on injections  1999, 2000  Thank you. 
 Customer has been notified that this deal is subject to a satisfactory LC. Please let me know if you need additional info. 
 I look forwad to seeing you. 
 Sandra Brawner will not be moving at this time.    Enron North America Corp. 
 great, we look forward to seeing you. 
 fyi 
 fyi 
 We look forward to seeing you.  We get started at 7:30am and things are quite active until about 11:00am. 
 Interesante.   Cuidado. Come by and see me when you are in Houston. 
 Sure, no problem.   Sep 25-27 will be the heart of October bid week. 
 I heard that rumor also but found we did not hire him.  I am always available for a beer.  What's your phone number? 
 make sure Jared brings his credit card 
 I need to change to Thursday at 4pm. 
 This is ok with me.  Thank you for resolving. 
 I will be in attendance.  Please advise as to location.  Thank you. 
 Vicky,  please sign and attend this.  I htink you will find it helpful. 
 I definately support  a promotion.  I have not given up on the contract, although I have not figured out how to make it more palatable for her while ensuring she is committed to Enron.  Scott 
 I talked with Chris Gaskill about them starting in the Fundmentals group. 
 I will be unable to attend as I will be on vacation. 
 as requested 
 your're now set up.  user id:  stevegill1 password: daytonpow1    Enron North America Corp. 
 I don't think I know how to help you.  Call me at  x34723 if you want to discuss further. 
 My thoughts  and prayers are with you and your family. 
 Kimberley,  Where are the services -  date and time and location.    Enron North America Corp. 
 thank you very much for th info.    Enron North America Corp. 
 I need to extend Sandra Brawner's trading authority to a term of 24 months on EOL.  Can you help me with this? My extension is 34723.   Thank you. 
 these are the 2 guys I mentioned that we should put in trading rotations. 
 you must use Internet Explorer to access this site. 
 We would love to go.  I need to call and check with Carol to confirm.  I will call or email after I talk with her. 
 Abel,  We are staying at the Holiday Hotel and will be arriving in the afternoon on Thursday, Sept. 7. Please book us for Sept. 8 and 9 .  We will plan on talking with you when we arrive on Sept. 7 about the details.  Thanks,  Scott Neal 
 Abel,  We are staying at the Holiday Hotel and will be arriving in the afternoon on Thursday, Sept. 7. Please book us for Sept. 8 and 9 .  We will plan on talking with you when we arrive on Sept. 7 about the details. 
 fyi 
 yes please take care of this for me.  thank you. 
 US Govt. data -   Business inventories rose 0.9% in June, exceeding analysts' expectations of a 0.6% rise and matching the revised May figure. Retailers saw the biggest increase; their inventories rose 1.2% in June. Total business sales were also up 0.9% in June, a slightly weaker showing than the revised 1.1% rise posted in May. The inventory-to-sales ratio--the number of months it would take to empty the nation's warehouses, store shelves, and sales lots at the current rate of sales--remained at 1.32, just off its all-time low. In a separate report, the Fed said industrial production rose 0.4% in July, double the pace in June. Industrial production, which measures output at U.S. factories, utilities, and mines, is now 5.8% stronger than it was this time last year, due mainly to continued growth in high-tech manufacturing. > 
 I think his interest is a marketing/oringination/business development role. 
 thank you very much for the info. 
 Please take time to consider giving to the United Way this year.  You can make your contribution by going to http:unitedway.enron.com.   Thanks 
 I have forgotten my user name and password.  I work for Enron.  Can you help me?  Thank you,  Scott Neal 
 Please plan to attend an Origination Strategy meeting on Thursday 8/17 at 2:30pm.  We will be meeting with Gil Muhl, Janet Dietrich and others to discuss customer coverage, deal flow, strategic deals/customers etc.  I think the meeting is going to held offsite  at either the Doubletree or Hyatt.  Details to follow.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 A quick summary of the NYMEX meeting I attended on August 10.  1.   eNYMEX  NYMEX has begun developing an internet based trading system to replace Access and to handle basis trading. The system is targeted to launch some time during Q4  2000.   The basis products that might be traded are    Nymex swap, AECO (C$/gj  fxd/float), Transco Z6, Chicago City Gate, Houston Ship Channel.  2.  TAS   Overwhelming support of the TAS pilot program from trade players with locals opposed.  A motion was passed to    add expiration day to the current TAS pilot program.  The motion is to be presented to the NYMEX board in the    next few weeks.  3. AGA data release Favorable comments regarding the 1pm release of the weekly storage data.  4.  Sabine Hub discounts  Sabine is considering offering some discount through the Hub for volume commitment.   Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 fyi.  Please follow up to make sure these $ are going to the correct p&l. 
 I enjoyed meeting you as well. 
 Paul Posoli  (VP?) heads up risk management/trading.  He is an ex Enron guy. Saundra (sp?) Lockard is a contract admin. person.  I used to work with Saundra at Meridian Oil. 
 please add to my schedule. 
 What is the status of these invoices/payments? 
 16 
 communicated today.  thanks for the reminder. 
 thanks for the update. 
 please add to my schedule 
 de nada 
 Thanks for the invitation but I will be unable to attend.  I going to be in Belize! Have fun and good luck!  Sincerely,  Scott Neal 
 see approval attached 
 Scott Neal Dick Jenkins Jared Kaiser (scheduled to be out of town) Craig Taylor Robin Barbie Tammy Depolis 
 Go Verizon! 
 you're welcome 
 thanks. 
 Hola, Carolina. Un gran besito a vos.  I htink that Victor LaMadrid can help you and he speaks spanish, too.  Tell everyone in BA  "hola". 
 A couple of deals that we might consider reserving some prudency against.  TBG  - sale Duke (FGT/Manchester-LNG) - purchase  I will update later today if we can think of other deals to consider. 
 Have we captured these dollars in our P&L?   Let's make sure we are getting credit, if appropriate. 
 I will pay you Monday,  but please remind me if I forget.  Thanks.    Enron North America Corp. 
 That's too bad.  i am sure you learned a lot from the experience which will serve you well on the next one.  Keep plugging.   Pablo Acevedo @ ENRON   08/01/2000 12:39 PM 
 Everything is good here. Gary has been with Enron for quite a while.  Most recently, he managed interest rate and foreign exchange/currency risk.  You should give him a call or email.  Besitos a las chicas de Filo.  Suerte,  Scott   Pablo Acevedo @ ENRON   08/01/2000 12:37 PM 
 James is a neighbor and  good friend of mine.  He and his wife went to school with my wife.  Although I have never worked with James, my view is he is a marketer/originator/business developer.    Enron de Mexico 
 Jeff,  fyi - We will be out of town.  Thanks, Scott 
 please remind me that I have a dentist's appt. on Thursday, Aug. 3 at 4:00pm.  I need to leave here about 3:15pm.   thank you. 
 http://www.bondsonline.com/ 
 I agree. 
 Thank you for the invitation but I will be unable to attend. Have a great time and thanks again for thinking of me and Enron. 
 Network Appliance Selects TIBCO Software to Support Enterprise System Initiatives  TIBCO Technology Enables Network Appliance to Integrate Its Internal Enterprise Systems Without Disrupting Its Business  PALO ALTO, Calif., July 24 /PRNewswire/ -- Advancing its leadership in the application integration space, TIBCO Software Inc. (Nasdaq: TIBX - news), a leading provider of real-time infrastructure software for e-business, announced today Network Appliance, Inc. (Nasdaq: NTAP - news), the leading provider of network-attached data access and content management solutions, has selected the TIBCO ActiveEnterprisec e-business product suite to integrate its internal enterprise systems and applications. As a fast growing company, Network Appliance has been continually implementing best-in-class enterprise systems such as enterprise resource planning, customer resource management, human resources and manufacturing applications. To integrate these disparate systems and ensure that the right people within Network Appliance have access to the information they need, Network Appliance turned to TIBCO.  ``We need an integration tool that will not only enable us to share information internally, but will also enable us to extend access to this information beyond our corporate firewalls, as we expand our e-commerce capabilities,'' said Ric McCormick, director of business applications for Network Appliance. ``TIBCO's proven e-business solutions provide us with the scalability, security and reliability we need to ensure that our technology infrastructure can keep up with our business growth, and just as important, that our vital business processes not be disrupted as we continue to implement new solutions.''  ``To be successful e-businesses, companies need a highly efficient information infrastructure that connects every system and process in the enterprise,'' said Fred Meyer, vice president of product management for TIBCO Software. ``TIBCO ActiveEnterprise is helping leading companies like Network Appliance further leverage their front-end and back-end IT systems and bring those systems closer to customers and partners over the Web.''  About TIBCO ActiveEnterprise  The core of TIBCO's real-time software infrastructure offering is the TIBCO ActiveEnterprise suite, designed for building a complete, end-to-end Internet and enterprise infrastructure that successfully scales to the most demanding business information networks. It provides a real-time e-business integration platform that encompasses data integration and transformation, business process coordination, messaging, enterprise portals and alerting, adapters for legacy, packaged and third-party applications, plus enterprise monitoring and management.  About Network Appliance  Network Appliance, Inc., a veteran in network file serving and caching, has been providing data access solutions since 1992, and is a member of both the S+P 500 and Nasdaq 100 index. Major corporations and ISPs, including Lycos, Yahoo!, Citicorp Securities, Siemens, Lockheed, Cisco, Motorola, and Texas Instruments have deployed NetApp solutions. NetApp Internet caching solutions (NetCache(TM) appliances) and file servers (filers) deliver fast, simple, reliable, and cost-effective access to network-stored data and enable simultaneous shared file services for UNIX, Windows NTc, and the World Wide Web.  The company pioneered the concept of the ``network appliance,'' an extension of the industry trend toward dedicated, specialized products that perform a single function. Network Appliance filers and NetCache appliances are based on the company's innovative data access software known as the Data ONTAP(TM) operating system and standards-compliant hardware.  About TIBCO Software  TIBCO Software Inc. is a leading provider of real-time e-business infrastructure software. TIBCO's three product lines -- TIBCO ActiveEnterprisec, TIBCO ActiveExchange(TM) and TIBCO ActivePortal(TM) -- enable businesses to integrate enterprise applications, interact with other businesses in B2B commerce, and efficiently deliver personalized information through enterprise portals. TIBCO's products enable the real-time distribution of information through patented technology called The Information Busc, or TIBc. TIB technology was first used to digitize Wall Street and has since been adopted in diverse industries including telecommunications, electronic commerce, manufacturing and energy. TIBCO's global client base includes more than 1,000 customers from around the world such as Cisco Systems, Yahoo!, Ariba, NEC, 3Com, Sun Microsystems, SAP, Philips, AT&T and AOL/Netscape. Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, TIBCO can be reached at 650-846-1000 or on the web at www.tibco.com.  NOTE: Network Appliance is a trademark of Network Appliance, Inc. in the United States and other countries. TIBCO, TIBCO ActiveEnterprise, TIBCO ActiveExchange, TIBCO ActivePortal, The Information Bus and TIB are trademarks or registered trademarks of TIBCO Software Inc.  Legal Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: This release may contain forward-looking statements regarding TIBCO's business, customers or other factors that may affect future earnings or financial results. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements can be found in TIBCO Software's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (``SEC''), including but not limited to its registration statement on Form S-1 which was filed with the SEC, and the most recent reports on Forms 10-Q and 10-K, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements including limited independent operating history, history of losses, unpredictability of future revenue, dependence on a limited number of customers, relationship with Reuters Group PLC, rapid technological and market changes, risks associated with infrastructure software and volatility of stock price. Copies of filings made with the SEC are available through the SEC's electronic data gather analysis and retrieval system (EDGAR) at www.sec.gov. TIBCO assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements included in this document. 
 You need to take that draft to bank by tomorrow.  Mom got a voice mail saying that they will need to reissue the draft if we all have not signed by tomorrow.  Call if you have questions 713 853 4723 713 365 9035 
 You need to take that draft to bank by tomorrow.  Mom got a voice mail saying that they will need to reissue the draft if we all have not signed by tomorrow.  Call if you have questions 713 853 4723 713 365 9035 
 see the attached resume below.  I don't know this guy but thought I'd pass it along to you. 
 please add to my schedule.  thank you. 
 please remind me of this meeting  2:30pm Thursday 7/20  EB2949 
 thanks for the info. 
 just come by - I'll contribute. 
 I have recieved the feedback forms that were completed by several people for Connie.  If you have any additional feedback to add you can email it to me.   Thanks. 
 glad to be of assistance. 
 thanks for the info. 
 please add individual HPL contact and Texas desk contact.  thanks. 
 perfect.   thank you.    Enron North America Corp. 
 we need to make sure we go through this approval for Tammy's upcoming meeting. 
 please forward to everyone in our group. 
 thank you.  I found everything last night. 
 let's talk this afternoon.    Enron North America Corp. 
 please have someone pick this up for me today.  thank you. 
 please add to my schedule 
 riday July 7, 11:43 am Eastern Time  Company Press Release  SOURCE: Columbia Gas Transmission  Columbia Gas Transmission Files Innovative Capacity Auction Process With FERC  FAIRFAX, Va., July 7 /PRNewswire/ -- Continuing its quest to promote creative regulatory policies, Columbia Gas Transmission, a wholly owned subsidiary of Columbia Energy Group, has urged the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to consider an interactive, Internet-based pipeline capacity auction process that enhances Columbia's current open auction process.  In a first of its kind filing, Columbia proposes a ``bid/offer'' system for selling capacity similar to on-line natural gas commodity trading systems. The filing was made in response to customer concerns with the current process and is consistent with sentiments expressed in FERC's Order 637, which encourages companies to voluntarily submit ``new and innovative approaches'' to capacity auctions. Since the filing is not required under Order 637, Columbia's proposed auction is separate from Columbia's Order 637 compliance filing made June 15.  ``Under the current mechanism, capacity is not always awarded to the party that places the highest value on it,'' said Carl Levander, vice-president of Rates and Regulatory Policy for Columbia Gas Transmission. ``Even though we conduct our current capacity auction over a five-day period, parties often wait until the last 15 minutes to place a bid. Also, since the current process is based on set time periods, customers often call us back after the auction is closed saying they valued the capacity greater than the winning bid.''  According to Levander, Columbia's proposal addresses these concerns by moving to an enhanced, Internet-based interactive auction that takes into consideration such current market conditions as daily fluctuations in capacity value and the increased level of auction activity due to shorter-term contracts.  Under Columbia's proposed ``bid/offer'' system, Columbia would ``offer'' (via its electronic bulletin board) sales terms for all its available firm capacity. Customers can then match all asking sales terms for any portion of the quantity and a sale is immediate and binding. If Columbia offers discounted capacity, the customer can counter-offer with a different rate. Or, if Columbia offers maximum rate capacity, then a customer can counter-offer with a different term length. Columbia can match the highest bid, subject to a present value process, and the sale is immediate and binding. At any time before a binding sale, the customer can change or withdraw its bid.  Columbia's ``bid/offer'' auction proposal meets the six basic principles outlined in FERC's Order 637.  *     Columbia's auction has predictable timing since the auction will begin each day at 9:15 a