 Julie-  Unfortunately, I will not be able to help you sort recognitions during the day on Tuesday -- I can't get off work on that day.  If you are able to sort our troop's recognitions (troop 12357) by Tuesday evening, I would love to come by and pick them up.  Our last Brownie meeting is on Wednesday afternoon, and I wanted to get everything to our troop leader Wednesday morning before work.  Let me know what time would be convenient for me to come by.  I have a Southside Place city council meeting to attend at 7 pm but could come by before.....  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 We were allocated a total of 7591 mmbtu at the receipt point for November.  I think our contract for November is at the average of the Inside FERC postings for the three pipes plus a penny.  Those prices are as follows:  Transco Zone 3  $4.51 Florida Zone 3    $4.45 Sonat                      $4.47 Avg                        $4.4767  +  0.01 = $4.4867  The same transport fee and fuel percentage as last month should be deducted from this price.  I think the allocated fuel was 23 mmbtu.  Also, keep in mind that we scheduled 31,112 mmbtu per Rebel's directions. ENA will have to cash out the difference with Destin (at higher prices!).  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 We will not be settling the El Paso/Stingray imbalance.  El Paso insists on being paid back in kind, as opposed to cashing out at prices when the imbalance occurred.  We'll just carry the imbalance on our books.  Maybe we'll pay it back next year.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira  P.S.-  Was new paperwork sent out to Cinergy?? 
 Stevens-  I haven't heard back from our accounting group on what their fax number is. In the meantime, you can just fax the invoice to me at 713-646-8453.  Susan 
 Good questions!  The volumes are at the wellhead, so the fuel volumes would need to be deducted.  Destin has changed their fuel to 0.003%.  As for the prices, the Sonat gas daily prices should be reduced by $0.24 /mmbtu transportation.  Let me know if you have any more questions.  Susan 
 Here are the Gas Daily prices for Sonat on the days of allocated flow:  10/12 --  101 mmbtu @ $5.135 10/20 --    62 mmbtu @ $5.02 10/24 --    63 mmbtu @ $4.81 10/25 --    52 mmbtu @ $4.835 10/26 --  377 mmbtu @ $4.64 10/27 --  371 mmbtu @ $4.60 10/28 --  538 mmbtu @ $4.475 10/29 --    84 mmbtu @ $4.475  Let me know if you need any more info.  Susan 
 We have not received any final allocation from Destin.  I'm not sure what the holdup is.  I think Joe talked with Harvey at Rebel and communicated this to him today.  Susan 
 Helen-  What is the mailing address?  Susan Pereira 
 We'll take the lesson on the 25th at 11 am.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Thanks 
 The only info I had from you is that we owed ProEnergy 11,035 mmbtu.  I asked you if we had any other outstanding imbalances with Cinergy or its precursors.  You gave me the Onyx volume, but I had already negotiated the deal.  Whose imbalance is the 10,644 mmbtu??  Susan Pereira 
 Kathy-  Just let me know when you get the trophy.  I can pick it up at your house (front porch or whatever is convenient for you) and leave the $$ in your mailbox.  Susan 
 Stevens-  Destin does not feel comfortable with volumes yet at your meter.  They are waiting for final meter numbers before allocating to our transport contract. That should happen some time next week.  We will send you those numbers and the prices once we receive the final allocation.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 If the receivable is for ENA, it will have to be settled separately.  Andy Ring talks to Koch for day trading.  Maybe she could pursue this.  Susan Pereira 
 Is this a receivable for LRC or Enron? 
 Cinergy has agreed to settle the imbalance of 11,035 mmbtu owed them at $1.77/mmbtu.  Please prepare the paperwork showing us paying them $19,531.95 to clear this imbalance.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira  p.s.- you can just address the letter to Daniel Kieran 
 Leslie-  We will cashout the imbalance with the two Koch entities in the following way:  We owe Koch 11,885 mmbtu at $3.90/mmbtu, which equals $46,351.50. Koch owes us 13,639 mmbtu at $2.21/mmbtu and 11,720 mmbtu at $2.38/mmbtu, which equals $58,035.79. The net of these imbalances is $11,684.29 due to Enron.  Let me know if you have any questions.  I negotiated this with Scott Garrison at Koch.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Nelson probably has most of the deals.  Here are mine for October with the sitara numbers-  Superior - Destin - 413970,413976 Superior - Mobile Bay - 413984,413992 Superior - Sonat - 415610,415613,415610 Hunt Oil - TGT - 410135 Vintage - Koch- no Oct deal but Sept deal was 380360 Ledco - Tenn - 415587 Santa Fe/Snyder - Stingray Superior - Sea Robin - 227768 
 Leslie-  I was wanting to know what the imbalances are booked at.  Are they all mark-to-marketed or valued at some historical pricing?  Also, can you work with LIG on the paperwork for settling the imbalance?  Thanks,  Susan 
 It may be time for a drink!!  Susan 
 Looks good, Stacy.  Thanks for your help.  Susan 
 The IF term should be Nov.1, 2000 - Feb. 28, 2001.  Sorry if I messed up on the phone.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Thanks.  Let me know where I can send the $6.  Susan Pereira 
 Stevens-  I've called Stacy Dickson and provided the term changes for the confirmation.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Thanks for the update.  Susan 
 Just checking to make sure Molly got the contract yesterday via email.  Let me know if she didn't.  Thanks  Susan Pereira 
 Stevens-  I just spoke to Stacy Dickson and she confirmed that the contract was mailed out a week ago.  She will e-mail it to Molly and mail it again regular mail. Sorry for the delay.  Susan 
 Stevens-  The contract was mailed to Molly yesterday(9/11/00).  Let me know if she doesn't get it by tomorrow.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Our legal is reviewing right now.  Hopefully, I'll have a final answer tomorrow.  Susan 
 Kathy-  Thanks for the email.  Kali was not able to make last Sunday's game due to a schedule conflict that I had.  Plus, she will not go to the last game because her best friend's birthday party is at the same time.  I had her skip another friend's party to make the one game she did participate in (all the softball girls schedule their parties on Sunday so as not to conflict with those games!!).  If it's not too late, do not order a trophy for her.  She really was never much of a team participant.  I'm hoping her enthusiasm this fall will be like last fall and not this spring.  Thanks for all your help, time and effort.  Susan Pereira  P.S.- Do you know who some of the U10 girls coaches will be??  Will you be coaching?  I did not sign up to coach because I may asst. coach my son's U6 team. 
 Thanks, Victor.  Susan 
 Cindy-  The T-shirt people will deliver the shirts around 4 pm on Thursday.  See you then.  Hope your son is ok.  Susan Pereira 
 That sounds great!!  We're looking forward to the trip as well.  The kids are anxious to have Alexia and Sebastien here to play with.  I don't know if there are any activities in particular that Alexia and Sebastien want to do, but I know Kali and Michael would be happy just to play at home and swim. Mayba a movie or two.  By the way, we just saw Spy Kids for the second time. If it's playing down there, you ought to take the kids.  Alexia will especially enjoy it.  See you soon.  Love,  Susan 
 Thanks for your help.  It sounds like your girl scout outings are a little more exotic than ours.  Our last event was an overnight campout in one of the girls' backyards.  The girls had a lot of fun.  I was lucky and didn't have to volunteer.  Michael got to be an only child for the night and got all the attention.  He loves it when Kali spends the night away!!  Talk to you soon.  Susan 
 Thanks.  Just let me know when you want me to come over.  Susan Pereira 
 Jan-  Looks good.  I'll finalize with Renato when he gets back in town tomorrow. We'll email you then.  Thanks for all your help.  Susan 
 Roy Anne-  Will the last brownie meeting be on the afternoon of May 9?  We have early dismissal that day.  The recognitions for the cookie sale may not be available until the evening of the 9th.  I've emailed the coordinator to see if we can get them earlier.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Julie-  Is there any chance that the recognitions will be available prior to May 9? Our troop is having its last meeting before the summer on the afternoon of May 9.  Let me know if I can help.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Just kidding with you.  Hope your hand is getting better.  See you on Monday.  Susan 
 Have you been drinking, Kimberly?? 
 David-  If I want to communicate with the other commission members, am I supposed to funnel it through you?  If so, I want to find out if anyone is interested in setting up a table at the carnival (April 21) to solicit public opinion on P&Z issues.  We could set up next to the tree committtee or share a table. I'll be at the carnival until about 3 pm; however, I'll be working from 12-2.  Also, we could solicit public opinion outside the clubhouse on election day, May 5.  I could do that anytime before 4 pm.  Anyone else interested???  Thanks,  Susan Pereira pereira@houston.rr.com susan.w.pereira@enron.com 713-349-8836 
 Ruth-  I went ahead and scheduled Kali to do the GSWEC camp the first two sessions. I've only put the deposit down, so I can get that money back if we decide to do the Blue Fox Farm camp instead.  Hopefully, we'll have that info the first week in May.  Marla is planning on signing up Blakely for the second session there, pending what the Blue Fox Farm schedule looks like.  I think Anna Edelman is also interested.  I left a message with Sue today letting her know that I was reserving a spot for Kali at GSWEC just in case the Blue Fox Farm doesn't work.  Thanks,  Susan 
 I can meet anytime after 11:00 am tomorrow, between 11 and 12 on Wednesday, anytime after 11 on Thursday, and after lunch on Friday.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 the ticket is 704011  Susan 
 March avg. + .01 = $5.00 April avg. + .01 = $5.35  Same transport & fuel deductions.  As for the BTU issue, Joe has talked with the Destin people several times about it.  They said they were going to get with Kahuna and straighten things out.  Joe will call again today.  Sorry about the delay, but we really have no control over it.  Susan 
 Kathy-  Our home email address has changed:  pereira@houston.rr.com  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 I generally deal with Kari Dillard at BP.  This particular transaction was an intraday deal done on the 6th for flow on the 6th.  I assume it was Kari.  Thanks,  Susan 
 We ordered a computer, printer, scanner, etc.  We just returned the printer.  Susan Pereira 
 We returned the printer we had ordered through Click-at-Home.  We did not reorder another printer through ClickatHome.  Susan Pereira 
 Dear Mr. Junek-  Per Scott Goodell's advice, I am officially informing you that the CES offshore firm contract is now on your book.  Scott thinks that it is volumetric, so there should be no impact on you.  The wellhead desk will take this over as soon as their pools are set up on Col. Gulf.  Sincerely yours,  Susan (aka "the bitch") 
 Thanks for your help, Jan.  Renato just got home late last night.  I'll have to inform him of our travel plans!!  Talk to you soon.  Susan 
 Jan-  I was looking at the wrong week.  Sorry, stress and sleep deprivation are my only excuses.  How much time should we spend in Rio?  Should we leave for Foz on the 11th?  I just heard about the Cataratas this morning from Scott Neal. That was the place he suggested and that sounds great.  I'll work on Renato when he gets back in town.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Sorry.  You probably sent it to my home email...  Susan 
 Thanks.  Susan  P.S.-Did you get my other email? 
 Tomorrow at 1:45 would work better.  Wednesday is AGA storage day and it's hard for me to get away before3pm.  Thanks, Susan 
 Jan-  I checked the website for the hotels at Foz.  The tourism website is down. It looks like  a great place.  I'll have to convince Renato to go (you know, he might miss out on working out for one day).  I think the kids might like it too.  Did Alexia and Sebastien like it or was it too much walking?  I asked my boss about it.  He went with his family when he was living in Argentina.  They really enjoyed it.  Can you go ahead and check on flights and which hotel to stay at?  The Hotel Colonial Iguacu e Spa looked like the nicer one on the internet.  I imagine the flights will be cheaper booking them there.  Is that right?  Let me know the airline and I'll check here.  I guess we would go on July 4 and return on July 5.  Also, would y'all want to go as well?  Thanks for your help.  Susan 
 Thanks.  See you on Thursday.  Susan 
 David-  The 22nd or 24th would work better for me.  Please check with the others on which day is more convenient.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Kathy-  I got your message.  Kali has been going to the Thursday practices, with the exception of the last three weeks due to rainout, spring break and a going away party for a friend.  She'll be there on this Thursday.  Do you have a uniform for her?  Maybe she would feel part of the team if she gets a shirt and has that for the next game.  I'll t