 Bush names businessmen to Pentagon civilian posts 04/24  16:08  WASHINGTON, April 24 (Reuters) - President George W. Bush said on Tuesday he planned to nominate three top businessmen to the civilian positions of Army, Navy and Air Force secretary at the Pentagon.  Bush chose James Roche, corporate vice president and president of the Electronic Sensors and Systems Sector of the Northrop Grumman Corp. (NOC), to be secretary of the Air Force.  Before joining the private sector, Roche served as Democratic staff director for the Senate Armed Services Committee and as principal deputy director of policy planning at the State Department.  Thomas White, Bush's choice for Army secretary, is currently vice chairman of Enron Energy Services (ENE). He served in the Army for 23 years, retiring as a brigadier general and was executive assistant to the current Secretary of State Colin Powell when Powell was chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.  Bush also said he intended to nominate Gordon England to be secretary of the Navy. England is currently executive vice president of General Dynamics (GD), where he has worked for 17 years.  All three nominees must be confirmed by the Senate. ((Washington newsroom 202 898-8300, fax 202 898 8383, email Washington.bureau.newsroom@reuters.com)) 
 ok, whatever 
 Rogers Herndon - eto tot muzhiuk, kotoriy el donut!!! On ochen' klassniy, nado popast' v ego gruppu. 
 Patrick,  with regard to the deal we did on ICE, their confirmation is right. It should be Gas Daily TETCO M3, not Z6. Please let me know if you need any additional information.  Vladi Pimenov  x37625 
 Patrick,  we fixed the deal. Thank you for bringing it to my attention.  Vladi 
 lapka, konechno mozhno takoy zhe kamen' naiti, vse sdelaem, ne bespokoisia 
 Select pts.REF_PERIOD_DT, pts.CURVE_AMT FROM EGS.EGS_CURVE_DEF def, EGS.EGS_CURVE_POINTS pts WHERE def.CURVE_DEF_ID = pts.CURVE_DEF_ID AND def.CURVE_CD='NG' AND def.BOOK_TYPE_CD='P' AND def.CURVE_TYPE_CD='PR' AND def.EFFECTIVE_DT = TO_DATE('01-Oct-2001','DD-MON-YYYY')AND pts.REF_PERIOD_DT BETWEEN TO_DATE('01-Nov-2001','DD-MON-YYYY') AND TO_DATE('01-Oct-2007','DD-MON-YYYY') order by pts.REF_PERIOD_DT 
 Karen,  Here is my job description. I tried to make it broad to fit my possible move to another groups on the trading floor.  Please let me know if you need any additional information.  Vladi. 
 Hi everybody,  Here is the new slide template. It is reduced in size and also has more space available for information.  Dipak, Justin and Patrick, please make sure that you don't link to the data, your files were the biggest in size.  Vladi 
 just checking ;) 
 Nu che, Len, ti segodnia pridesh'? 
 we already bought the CD, gonna learn stuff by next spring 
 compro una CD de espanol para mi i mi novia Bonda. Nos Vamos a estudiar mucho para preparar por el viaje al Equador 
 Amanda,  please send the new template to everybody in the group.  Vladi 
 Gracias, amigo. No te preocupes, te boy a llamar, no estoy miedo de tiempo diferencia  Vladi 
 that's the right number 
 thank you very much Chrisito!!!  I should be home at around 9-10 o'clock we'll just go to a restaurant with Natalie today, the the big party is tomorrow. And I'm leaving to Moscow on thursday   A caballo!!!  Tu amigo Vladi 
 Spasibo za pozdravlenia!!!!  Postaraus' otmetit' ne xuzhe chem ran'she, kogda mi stoboy zazhigali ogni.  Poslednie novosti: Shipitsina rodila devochku 15 chisla, vse proshlo normal'no, zovut Dasha.  V chetverg ultayu na rodinu, tak chto pishi komu peredat' priveti  Vladik 
 Victor, thanks for forwarding these messages. Could you please also add Jon Mckay to the list so he could get all the pipeline updates. He is trading all the M3 and Z6 basis now.  thanks,  Vladi 
 Lapka, spasibo,  I tebia ochen' liubliu  CHMOK!!!! 
 funny 
 Home phone: (713) 993 00 67  Emergency Contact Name: Natalie Bondareva  Emergency Contact Phone: (713) 993 00 67 
 Hey guys,  in light of my quickly approaching 26th birthday I wanted to invite you all to dinner on tuesday October 2nd. I hope that nice company (and plenty of alcohol) will help me to forget about my age for at least one evening.  So, what do you say?  The place: Buca Di Beppo (Massimo can translate it for you), 5192 Buffalo Speedway. Map is attached. The place is really nice, not too expensive and a lot of fun. I think we could reserve a private room.  Time: October 2nd  7:30PM.  Please let me know if you can make it so I would know the exact number of people.  Hope to see y'all there.  Vlad. 
   check out www.ubswenergy.com <http://www.ubswenergy.com> 
 http://www.arabia.com/news/article/english/0,1690,53160,00.html 
 http://news.bbc.co.uk/hi/english/business/newsid_1196000/1196928.stm "Aeroflot was able to get rid of most of its oldest planes. It has not crashed once in the past 10 years and its safety record is now considered equal to that of British Airways and Air France. " BBC 
 Chris,  I am sending you the file I was working on for John Lavorato if he asks about it while I am at the dentist.  If he wants another printout I've put it on your desk, otherwise I am gonna be back around 11.  Vladi 
 Jane,  Here are the GD prices you were asking for. Let me know if you need anything else  Vladi 
  Due to the change of servers and moving of all ERMS  databases to the new locations old curve fetch files are not working properly.  I got our IT guys to fix the file you gave me. Everything looks OK now.  I got the new file attached.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Vladi 
 LApka, ne rasstraivaisia, eto bivaet. Mi tebe novoe kupim, eshe luche.  tvoy liubiashiy zaets 
 budet sdelano....  tol'ko chto dali kontrakt, ta zhe zarplata, nikakix bonusov, no zato net non-compete 
 nxb@allegrodevelopment.com 
 thanks man 
 Kim  I actually need all the data exported to excel.  Thanks,  Vladi 
 Chrisito,  thank you  very much for your warm letter.  I also wish you the best in this New year and want to tell you that you are my best friend too. I hope to see you this year.  A caballo!!!  Tu amigo Vladi  P.S. this is the right address and number 
 Privet Pasha!!!  I am still at Enron (although I might have a new employer early next year).  I also wish you the best of luck this upcoming new year. We all need it.  Happy New Year from Texas!!!  Take care,  Vlad 
 John,  Thank you very much  Vladi 
 Kimberly  could you please change my phone home to (713) 993 0067 and cell phone is (713) 515 43 19 and send it to everybody?  I would greatly appreciate it.  Vladi. 
 Geof,  I would greatly appreciate of you could help me with your expertise on brushing up my resume when you have a minute.  Vlad 
  How to Explain Enron to Your Children:  Feudalism - You have two cows. Your lord takes some of the milk.  Fascism - You have two cows. The government takes both, hires you to take care of them, and sells you the milk.  Communism - You have two cows. Your neighbors help take care of them and you share the milk.  Totalitarianism - You have two cows. The government takes them both and denies they ever existed and drafts you into the army. Milk is banned.  Capitalism - You have two cows. You sell one and buy a bull. Your herd multiplies,