 oh, you don't know the half of it.   Look for baby #5 from the baby machine= to be conceived by next x-mas. Oh, yeah!  She has repeatedly dropped hints= that she would like to have another one.  Mark it down. 
 You are the sexiest woman alive! 
 Jeremy Morris Chris Mallory Bill Williams Chris Foster Tom Alonso / or Mark Fischer Sean Crandall 
 Starting on the 4th please include any trades with EPMI in your templates and your upload to the FTP server.  These should correspond exactly to your excel spreadsheet.  These should be reflected on the templates using the same logic as if you were trading with the apx.  Call me with any questions.  Thanks! 
 This is me in 10 years see attached. 
 I'm glad you had a good time. No mention of Pappasito's though.  Kemah is always fun, watching the boats, drinking a longneck.  We all walked in the Enron MS walk last weekend. It was fun but I had to carry Ben half of the way which gave be a better workout than I anticipated.  Had a date with Deanne Sat night . We went to "Bridget Jones Diary". It was a good chick movie.  Went to church and The Woodburn Tulip festival on Sunday.  Pretty neat to see fields of tulips.  Tell the kids we love them and are looking forward to good reports on their various activities.   Love U   Phil 
 Yo!    Things are OK here.   I  keep seeing your truck driving around here.   Its a bummer not seeing ya'll in it.   I hope you are settling in well.  There are new faces around here everyday.  I think this summer wil be pretty exciting.  Take care. 
 2 or 3 games of each soccer and baseball 4 tickets to each game.   Thanks! 
 Yes! and when you come visit I'll take my ring off my finger and stick it in your face and ask if you've seen my beautiful ring yet.  Then I'll sit next to my fellow and hold his hand in order to try to force you to get used to the idea that I am so in love and that this is all so right, even though  I  and especially my fellow look extremely constipated.   I will not be attending the wedding. 
 Are you nuts? 
 purchase from calpine for standard on and offpeak products for Friday, December 14th thru Tuesday, December 18th, 2001      he	zone	off/on	mw	hours	mwh	price	amount 1-6,23-24 f,s,m,t rtc sun	np15	offpeak	510	56	28560	44	 1,256,640.00 1-6,23-24 f,s,m,t rtc sun	sp15	offpeak	425	56	23800	44	 1,047,200.00 7-22 f,s,m,t	np15	onpeak	675	64	43200	44	 1,900,800.00 7-22 f,s,m,t	sp15	onpeak	550	64	35200	44	 1,548,800.00 2160	240	130760		 5,753,440.00 
  call me 
 the 31st was on sparky and downloaded fine.  Thankks! 
 here you go! 
 Just heard some Austin Powers sound bites reverberate through the floor.  It reminded me of the good ol days. How the hell are you doing bcwd? 
 THANKS!!!!!!!!  YOU ARE AMAZING! 
 I'm still debating.  I have been invited to Jackson Hole the week before by some power brokers in NYC. I don;t necessarily have to go to that but in light of recent developments at Enron, I may have to look at some networking opportunities there. 
 Hell yes!  Our Mothers were best friends when we grew up in C.B.   His mother loved us and that created some competitive spirit between us.  I beat Jeff in 6th grade in a run for student Council at Hoover.   We were friends but didn't really like each other if that makes any sense.  Personally, I quit hanging out with him when he wanted to always take our shirts off and wrestle on his sisters bed.  I thought he was a little weird.  He did show up to Mitch's visitation which meant alot to me.  I would support Siegrist.  Do not forward this to anyone. 
   Please see attached.  I look forward to workin with you Kate! 
  Brysch is fine.  I guess he bought a boat for fishing in the Bay.  He is still in Broadband and I think is safe.  With his skills he should be one of the guys to turn out the lights if that is to happen.  Enron Sucks.  The CFO and Skilling took my retirement for themselves.  I want to piss on them. 
  which is da best marinate fo fryin turkee! 
 hey!  We are all fine.  How is Miller?  Did he survive the trip to Lubbock..  Ha!  He's right the aggies always get kicked in the cohones by the Red Raiders.  Must have been a good game.  I am officially poor now thanks to Enron's financial wizards.  You have to be glad you left.  drop me a line.  Take care! 
 sign me up phil platter 
 Orhan,  I'll be in Omaha this weekend.  I get there Thursday night and go back Monday afternoon.  I'll be spending alot of time with the folks but we should get together. Later 
 I don't know when I'll make it to Houston next.  It's been almost a year since I've been there and that was to interview with someone else.  I like it up here but can't help but feel I may have to return to Houston sometime.  The family is fine. Kids are 8,5 and almost 2.  You can probably picture what our life is like.  Everyone is fine. If you come up here for a game let me know, also if your son needs anything don't hesitate to ask.  I wish I sould sit in a sports bar with you and watch a game.  Not a lot of people to watch it with up here.  Haven't played golf in a long time.   I like your enthusiam when it comes to the Huskers.  I hope you are right and they decide to bring the wood every game.   I'm supposed to have some tickets through one of the brokers but haven't got them yet.  I bet I get stiffed.  I think $150 should get me in there otherwise but think I's rather watch it on tv for that much jack.  I'll get back with you later.  pp 
 Hey!  I am going to Omaha the weekend of this game.  It is one of those games every true husker fan must attend.  Let me know if ya'll may be interested or just drop me a line to let me know that you are still alive.  I think the huskers can beat OU since our D has improved so much.  I worry about the Offense not showing up on every play. We will need a better pass rush to beat OU.  How good are we this year?  We'll find out at this game.  KSU sucks.  OUT. 
 Bob,  What's up? Thanks for the recent e-mails.  Did you happen to get together with Lisa last weekend? I am heading to Omaha the weekend of the 27th to see the folks and help them out with some things. I will most likely get together with Orhan sometime that weekend. Let me know if by chance you will be around. Say hello to Traci.  be safe! 
 Scotty,  I want to talk with you about the position you have open.  Please let me know when you may be available to talk.  Thanks! 
 Dear Don,  I enjoyed your article. You are right, we are a little sensitive.  That's a= natural reaction when something you are so proud of is criticized.  I must= admit I almost e-mailed you after reading your pre-game article.  What irr= itates my sensitivities is when it is pointed out that NU players have had = trouble with the law.  These episodes, misdeameanors or not are not somethi= ng any husker fan is proud of.  Surely there are players in every program w= ho have fights with their girlfriends, or who drink too much and don't have= the sense to leave a party when asked.  My problem is that whenever a NU p= layer messes up, it is news.  It's as if there is a Lincoln Journal Star re= porter with an office in the Lincoln PD complete with scanners, just waitin= g for some "news" to break.  I don't think ISU or any other school has such= a spotlight put on them.  College kids everywhere do such things and pay f= or them quietly.  I don't wish we knew about every infraction at every scho= ol.  It would be nice if reporters could put things in perspective and stic= k to the event they are covering.  This all started when we were the defend= ing and still contending National Champions who had the leading Heisman can= didate in the backfield.  The Lawrence Phillips issue back then was news be= cause of the Heisman hype and because of the severity of his offense.  He b= ecame the posterboy for abuse of females, and perhaps rightfully so, but en= ough already.  Leave us alone until, God forbid, we end up with another Law= rence Phillips.  Before I ramble on about this sensitive issue.  Let me thank you for your p= ost game article which was fair and balanced.  You are right, Most NU fans = are good, a few of us are not good fans or role models.   NU fans continue = to wish ISU and Iowa the best.  Most of us are happy to see the Iowa teams = do well.  Take care. 
 I pick  New England  Platter 
 Select Lkp.DateValue, Lkp.YearNum, Lkp.MonthNum, Lkp.DayOfWeekName, DA..ZoneCode, DA.PeakOrOffPeak, DA.Price, RT.RTBID,RT.RTOffer,ISO.Inc, ISO.Dec from(select cadatetime,peakoroffpeak,zonecode,price from west_spotindex where cadatetime>'8/31/2001' group by cadatetime,peakoroffpeak,zonecode,price)da, (Select Lkp.DateValue, Lkp.PeakOrOffPeak, RT.Entity, Avg(RT.Bid) RTBid, Avg(RT.Offer) RTOffer From CA_HourlyBidOffer RT, LkpCalendar_Definitions Lkp Where Lkp.DateTimeValue = RT.CADateTime and lkp.datevalue>'8/31/2001' Group By Lkp.DateValue, Lkp.PeakOrOffPeak, RT.Entity)RT, (Select Lkp.DateValue, Lkp.PeakOrOffPeak, lkpzone.deliverypoint, avg(ISO.PriceInc) Inc, Avg(ISO.PriceDec) Dec From LkpCalendar_Definitions Lkp, CA_ISOExPost10Price ISO, lkpCA_Zonecodes lkpzone Where Lkp.DateTimeValue = ISO.CADateTime and iso.zonecode = lkpzone.zonecode and lkp.datevalue='9/1/2001' Group By Lkp.DateValue, Lkp.PeakOrOffPeak, lkpzone.deliverypoint)ISO, LkpCalendar_Definitions lkp Where DA.zonecode=RT.entity And DA.zonecode=ISO.deliverypoint and DA.cadatetime=RT.datevalue and DA.cadatetime=ISO.datevalue and DA.PeakorOffPeak=RT.PeakorOffPeak and DA.PeakorOffPeak=ISO.PeakorOffPeak and lkp.datevalue=da.cadatetime and lkp.datevalue=rt.datevalue and lkp.datevalue=iso.datevalue ORDER BY LKP.DATEVALUE 
 I entered an annuity for april thru september.  We should bill them for October the first of next week and on the first of each month thereafter. 
 looks good 
 I see Montrell discovered he had only one kidney and was forced to quit.  Too bad he didn't get an NFL signing bonus first. I think they will miss him. North Carolina should be easy. Good Luck.  Be safe.  Universities are an easy place for Terrorists to hide. 
 My pick for week 3 is Buffalo  Platter 
 AWESOME 
 solid perspective on current situation. 
 No clue what you are talking about.  We'll be there. 2 adults 3kids 
 What voting buttons? 
 Please sign me up for the loser pool.  My pick for this week is Chicago.  The check is in the mail.  Thanks! Phil Platter 
  I got it fed exed yeaterday 
  Count me in. I'll give 10 and enron will match 
 If you can do all that , you can beat KSU.  I think NU can beat everyone but OU.  CU will be tough at Boulder no matter what.  Its like UT playing the aggies.  They get up for it.  Also ISU will give us a game.  If our D is attacking and we have a pass rush.  We could be in the Title Game to play OU again. 
 phillip.platter@enron.com  Hey Dave,  Of course I remember you! And you were right, Saturday the 25th was my birthday(37).  I feel especially old now that I am surrounded by 24year olds.  I wish some old people like you were still around.  How dou you like Phoenix? and SRP? And how is your family getting along?  I hav