 6103 is on the original e-mail from tammy shephard. 
 Jim,  Please provide a quick update.   I was unable to participate in your call today because of a market risk mtg. with UBS.    I will be out Wednesday through Friday so I would like to hear directly from you what FERC's state of mind was. 
 This is Mirant's argument.   Don't think it will hold water, but you never know. 
 We don't need a floor talk.  I asked Tom to set up a meeting in 30C1 with origination, mid-marketing, and services.   This is not going to be a floor talk. 
 I would like to be able to select days, months, years, etc. for historical liquidation.   Somehow, we need to make the cubes or Metastock more user friendly so the traders will actually use them.  I have tried to use the cubes and, although the data is extremely powerful, scrolling through all the years and months is quite cumbersome and drilling down is a pain.  Can we somehow improve the user friendliness of these tools.  Thanks. 
 Find out if owners of current season tickets get grandfathered for equivalent seats in the new arena.   If so, I would be interested.   If not, I would say no. 
 I like our traditional measurment better.   This is good data, but is more relevant for cash traders than term traders. 
 I have received 
 Yes, authorized.  Thanks. 
 I am not approving any new Kobra applications. 
 This is a test.   Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 This is the retail book, not the wholesale book.   You can get confirmation on this issue from Bill Bradford or Elizabeth Sager. 
 thanks for the heads up. 
 Could you please create an org chart by function (retained employees) and org chart by function (severed employees) so we can reconcile to make sure we have not missed anyone.  Once we have done this, we can create a seating plan that is optimal.   Please e-mail me the org. charts so I have an electronic version.  Thanks.  Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Please kill this request.   I get 4 everyday. 
 Thanks.   That will work fine with me. 
 The only issue I have is everytime I login I have some Windows Installer program I have to kill and it takes me an extra 2-3 minutes to keep closing files before I can get into my desktop.  I don't know what caused this, but I am assuming some file you installed is still trying to run.   In addition, the dial-up through Citrix is very very slow.   Is this normal?  Any thoughts?  Thanks for all your work - the printer works just fine 
 Your thoughts on this guy? 
 Please stop sending me this report. 
 OK - Tim did say he blew up trading options in the West.   Played the "premium is profit" game selling summer calls at Palo Verde and we all know what happened.   Bye Bye Ricky. 
 My Holdings page is still not netting.   I just purchased 5000 DYN shares - please make sure the netting works.  Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Get him in the door.  Work with Kim Melodick in HR to make it happen. 
 Looks fine.   You need to start learning.   Work with Kim. 
 I think I can get Jeff King done with a simple title change from Associate Director to Director with no salary change.   His current salary is already Director level type comp.   I potentially may need another 25k, but the title is a "feel good" issue that is important to Jeff.   Please talk to Doug directly on the justification. 
 See request below. 
 It's the trader's option.  Most will probably not attend. 
 The time is right in the middle of trading on an AGA day.   Therefore, it is unlikely that anyone managing a stack will be able to attend.   I would suggest having Tom May and/or Lloyd attend. 
 Agreed.  As far as I'm concerned, we are arbing the market. 
 No.   We buy and sell where we see value.   We don't even look at the other exchanges. 
 I would like to recommend to following allocations of retention $'s - THIS CREATES NO NET IMPACT ON TOTAL $'S ON THE SPREADSHEET  Gain 575 cash 450 equity (Rogers Herndon, John Forney, Joe Wagner, Tom May)  Re-allocate in the following manner: Cash		Equity Arora		+75k		+75k Gilb-Smith	+25k		+25k King		+25k		+25k Gupta		+25k		+25k Misra		+75k		+75k Suarez		+50k		+50k Carson		+25k		+25k Imai		+25k		+25k Steffes		+50k		+50k (we will lose key reg people if we don't pay) Nicolay		+50k		+50k ("                            "                            ") Novosel		+25k		+25k ("                            "                            ")    Please call with any questions.   I feel very good about keeping nearly all of these people at the levels above and we could lose some key ones if we don't do this. Again, I am not spending any additional $'s - I am simply taking from other people who will not be part of UBS.  Kevin Presto East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 I would treat it as business as usual.   If we are still having Associate/Analyst Super Saturday, we certainly can attend an energy panel discussion. 
 Can I get a deal like that for my house.   Wow!  I'll be here until about 2:30 today. 
 Wednesday is the worst day due to AGA.   We normally trade until 4:00 pm on AGA days.   Therefore, I would suggest Tuesday or Thursday. 
 Please have Mark call me at work today.   My phone # is 713-853-5035. 
 Thank you.   Is the black cover going to be removed so other employees know the spot is reserved? 
 We have a meeting with Evans Automation next Saturday 11/10 at 10:30 am (near Kemah).   Please mark the calender.  Thanks. 
 Posoli Work Phone:  713-830-8663 
 Very efficient CC gas units in Entergy and ERCOT are setting price.  Midwest and Plains has gas setting price 4-6 hours per day and coal the remaining 10 hours.   The NE markets (NY and NEPOOL) are the only markets with 10,000 HR gas units setting price across the entire peak.  Keep in mind that current temps are truly "no load" temps for East power (no heating or cooling demand).   The addition of new combined cycle units in our market have been destructive to forward heat rates.  Later. 
 I'm fine with it.   They will only see through Cal 03 though. 
 Please set up a time with my asst. to discuss job opportunities in East Power.   Bring a hard copy of your resume. 
 I view the sharing of the fundies databases and associated web sites (gas and power) with the Estate as a serious commercial issue that we should not ignore.   The estate can not only use the proprietary information as a competitor in the trading business, but they could potentially sell the data to multiple competitors.  I can't imagine that this data was agreed to be shared by UBS and the Estate.   I am not planning on giving any of the data to the Estate.   I feel very strongly about this issue and the rest of the commercial organization does as well.   One of the keys to maintaining a competitive edge in this business is our huge headstart in this area.   Kevin Presto East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Make sure we are crystal clear on being able to fill this position physically at any VEPCO interface (hourly or day-ahead), and the PJM/VEPCO PJM LMP index is for pricing only. 
 The LD should be the hourly index. 
 The LD calc should be the hourly index and we need to eliminate the Peak Day designation damages. 
 Dana is interested in talking to JT about a scheduling and/or hourly job. 
 I will buy 5x16 unit contingent power $3.50/Mwh below my curve for 02 only for into JEA delivery.   I will buy firm LD at my mid for into JEA delivery 
 My preference is normal energy only LD language.  If we agree to use an index pricing point (like PJM/VEPCO interface), then a fair trade-off is to eliminate the capacity ratchet. 
 No interest. 
 Please e-mail me the latest East Power Org Chart (including services and Genco).  Thanks. 
 We plan to be done trading at 1:00 pm on Friday. 
 Thanks Joe.  It was a pleasure having you as part of the team.   I respect you as a person and a professional and I wish you nothing but the best in your future career.   Please stay in touch with the team.  Good luck Joe. 
 The UBSW Energy on-line products should be limited to the locations below through 2003 only.   Off-Peak markets will be only in NY, PJM, NEPOOL, and ERCOT.  NEPOOL PTF NY Zone J (FP and Basis) NY Zone G NY Zone A Ontario (FP and Basis) PJM East Hub (FP and Basis) PJM West Hub PJM West (Basis) Cinergy Com-Ed (FP and Basis) TVA (FP and Basis) Entergy (FP and Basis) SOCO ERCOT South (FP) ERCOT North (Basis)  Casey - Please see above the markets that will be Fixed Price (1-30 day market) and Basis/Spread (forwards).  Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 I apologize for my earlier comments.   Everyone is having a rough time with the current meltdown of the company.   I have been here 7 years and I am seeing everything I worked for coming to an end.  It's not your fault and I do apologize. 
 Agreed. 
 I sold 5,000 MMBtu/day of Cal 04 NYMEX at 3.79/MMBtu. 
 The hourly index is a must for me (the day-ahead index is unhedgable for us and we would give them free money for the next 10 years).   It is important to understand that under the new proposed structure, VEPCO will call on this energy many more days than they do now and it is very important that we create an index that we can hedge. I will not due this deal based on a day-ahead index - it must be hourly at the interface we defined.  Please clarify your call option vs. firm delivery comment. 
 We will not be trading on Thanksgiving.   However, we will have a skeleton crew in here on Friday.   I proposed calcing P&L on Wednesday and not on Friday. 
 Please place on my calender. 
 What do you mean only the left side. 
 What a piece of shit this whole BTU market is.   Your mid-offer spreads look very reasonable to me. 
 Yes. 
 Fine. 
 King, Carson, Suarez, Gupta, Broderick, Schiavone, Misra, Wang, and Ballato also need to be able to trade gas (or there equivalent trading books need to be able to trade gas if the above names change). 
 Agreed.   I think Bradford already blew up the Constellation deal. 
 Thanks.   Sounds like you are having a blast.   See ya on Sunday.   How about them Canes. 
 sold 10,000 MMbtu/day of Cal 05 nymex at $3.695/mmbtu. sold 5,000 mmbtu/day of cal 04 nymex at $3.58/mmbtu. 
 The old lady says no.   So far, there is 5 power guys that will play if the game is on. 
 No interest in pursuing this business. 
 Any value in this? 
 I'm supposed to be in Disneyworld with the family for my first vacation in two years.   Sorry, but I can't swing it. 
 I usually do, but she's been holding out. 
 Please put Allan Stewart Contact information (get from Rogers) in My Outlook contacts - home, cell, work, address, etc. and put a reminder on my calender to call him to re-establish contract relationship.  Also, please put a reminder to call Fred Giffels regarding consulting agreement and FPL. 
 I'll defer to you and Lloyd on this one. 
 Please attend. 
 Have HGP attend. 
 No. 
 I talked to Giffels today and he mentioned that SONGS units are under serious security scrutiny given its location.   He gave us a 50/50 probability that Indian Pt 1&2 (30 minutes north of NY City) and Pilgrim (15 minutes north of Boston) would be shut down in the near term for security reasons.  He mentioned that SONGS was also a candidate.   I personally don't think the probability is that high, nonetheless, the rumors seem to be in the market. 
 Please attend meetings 1 and 3 and provide meeting summaries directly to Rika for internal distribution.  Thanks. 
 I will be out Wednesday through Friday on vacation.   Please have Dana Davis, Fletch Sturm, Rob Benson, Andy Zipper, and Doug Gilbert-Smith represent East Power in my absense.  Thanks. 
 Please use the next week to clean up our database of delivery locations and regions currently still in Enpower.   I would like to start the database clean with only the key hubs listed:  NEPOOL PTF NY Zone J NY Zone G NY Zone A Ontario PJM East Hub PJM West Hub PJM West Cinergy Com-Ed TVA Entergy SOCO ERCOT South (FP) ERCOT North (Basis)  Let's use this opportunity to clean up Enpower and start with a truly clean set of books. Team - Am I missing anthing?  Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Your summary is accurate.   I appreciate you and Fred coming to Houston for the de-briefing and we look forward to extending our exclusive relationship.  Thanks. 
 Please handle.  Thanks. 
 Please attend. 
 Enjoy your holiday.   Hopefully, we will be up and running by the New Year. 
 I'll get back with you on this within a couple of days.   Do you want an indicative bid for 7x24 bus-bar energy (2, 5 and 10 years).   We would not bid on the entire 1000 MW - maybe 150-200 MW.  thanks for the info.  Kevin Presto UBS Warburg Energy kevin.presto@ubswenergy.com Phone:  713-853-5035 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Any nuclear specific info?   Kevin Presto UBS Warburg Energy kevin.presto@ubswenergy.com Phone:  713-853-5035 Fax:  713-646-8272 
  This is crazy.   We should not be giving the fundy web data to the estate. 
 NEPOOL info from Giffels.   Kevin Presto UBS Warburg Energy kevin.presto@ubswenergy.com Phone:  713-853-5035 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Update from Giffels.   Kevin Presto UBS Warburg Energy kevin.presto@ubswenergy.com Phone:  713-853-5035 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Yes.   Kevin Presto UBS Warburg Energy kevin.presto@ubswenergy.com Phone:  713-853-5035 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 None of the meetings 
 I run the power group.   Your question should be directed to Lavo. 
 I have done multiple trades today and I also did several last week.   Please clean up my Holdings page to net longs and shorts.   How is your office reacting to the news about UBS acquiring our energy trading operation?  thanks.  Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Does Nat's organization look OK.   Looks OK to me. 
 I just sent you the promotion justifications.   After further thought, Maria Valdez should be promoted to CS Manager, not Commercial manager.  Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 See changes attached with one subtraction (Joe Step) and one addition (Doug Gilbert-Smith). 
 The ESCA energy management system (EMS) in an industry standard software package to provide control area services and energy accounting in compliance with NERC standards.   We used the software and hardware for remotely controlling/operating/dispatching our peaker plants and also used the software in 3rd party "outsourcing/services" deals in ERCOT and SPP.  I hope this helps. 
 calender 
 Calender. 
 Is this the office I selected?    Please confirm. 
 Don't worry christi - I recognize what a great job your group did this year.   It was by far the best regulatory effort (from a power perspective) with more results than any of the previous 7 years I was at Enron.   You and your team deserve a great deal of credit and if we can keep this team together, we will reap the benefits for years to come. 
 Can I hire Martin Lin back into Netco from the estate.   He has provided va= luable transmission & dispatch modeling expertise to our fundies group (he = worked for Vince in Research).   We have lost Anna Santucci to CMS and this= would not change our headcount in the fundies group.  Additionally, if I was forced to cut additional bodies, most of the cuts wo= uld likely come from real-time (3), options (2), regional trading (2), logi= stics (1-2).  For Martin's planning purposes, I need to know something ASAP.   Thanks. 
 Joe Holmes from IdaCorp (208-318-2100) called and expressed interest in Enron's services deals in the NA, presumably in the West.  Don - can you have someone follow-up.   thanks.  Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 OK. 
 Yes, that would be fine.   I would also like to talk about my fixed annual fee.   Based on the way I trade, and the amount of asset accumulaton, I think my fee is too high.   Please call me about this issue so we can discuss. 
 Thanks. 
 Please begin scrubbing the 02 and 03 new gen book again given the current situation in the energy market.   I would like a new forecast in 30 days if possible.  In addition, I would like begin running the unit commitment model (dispatch) and "knock" the cob webs off everyone.   Let's plan on having a meeting to go over what the new daily reports were going to look like - wasn't Gus working on this?  What is the status of the transmission modeling?  Can we integrate the system dispatch and LMP simulation models?   Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Please cancel out the short and long KM position in the Holdings section.  thanks.  Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Thanks Chris.   I agree with the approach.   It would be nice to handout a bound copy to all of the East and West trading/marketing desk heads for a thorough review to make sure we have not missed anything.  See you tommorow. 
 Do you want me to put docs in front of Harry, Rogers, and/or Doug?  Kevin Presto East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Can we update the laminated card with the most recent headcount and phone #'s.? 
 Same as Chris. 
 I concur with Jim on approach with one clarification.   Transmission providers discussions should include both a trading rep and marketing rep. 
 shapiro is a lazier version of Steffes. 
 Christi Nicolay and Sarah Novosel are the two best regulatory people.   In terms of pushing the timing, political clout is going to be more important which in the past would have come from Kean and Lay.   Obviously, that will not work anymore.   I have a good relationship with Larcamp (FERC head of Staff) and might be able to help with the politics.   I think FERC is going to want to hear directly from  the new owner.   If we want speed, I recommend we use the expertise of Christi and Sarah combined with the overall political clout of the new owner.  You are not off base with Steffes at all. 
 Please print and save file for me. 
 Please save and print for me. 
 Whoever has the latest aggregated Implementation Template, please forward copy (copies) to TJ so I can review the consolidated lists for:  Regulatory Trading Agreements Transmission Service Agreements EOL Products  TJ - Please follow-up to make sure I get the latest version.   Thanks.  Kevin Presto East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 I want to make sure we get the hardware and software (I agree that this is = already the property of ENA) into Netco like we have the rest of the softwa= re/hardware critical to the trading organization.   The payable is sunk and= should be left with the estate. 
 All East Traders will have East only trading rights except for me.    With respect to regions, assume the same organization as we ended with in early November.   The one change is Rogers in the SE along with Suarez, and Carson.  MW - Fletch, Russell, and Jason SE - Rogers, Suarez, Carson ERCOT - Doug, King, Schiavone, Saibi NE - Dana, Benson, Gupta, Broderick, Thomas (off-peak), Misra, Rogers, Makkai, Step, Schneider Options - Arora, Stalford, Wang, Gualy Real-Time - Forney (ERCOT), Baughman (MW/SE), Miguel (MW/SE)  Remember, all of the desk heads will have gas trading authority as well.   None of the prompt month cash traders will be trading gas. 
 kmpresto@hotmail.com 
 Do you already have this list.   Please send all templates to Chris Calger, Elizabeth Sager, and Mitch Robinson.  thanks. 
 Please incorporate Dana's changes into the Master. 
 Yes. 
 Please print a copy of each for me. 
 Attached are Dana's additions. 
 Maybe.   If we truly believe this is a credit starved industry with huge liquidity problems, then we should be able to dictate the terms for dealing with a AA entity........ end of story.  We should send this message early and often.   If we don't, the market will percieve that negotiating "one-off" terms for trading docs is acceptable.   I disagree with this approach from a long term philosophical standpoint.   We either believe our bullshit or we don't. 
 Please get final version to Tammie by COB tommorow.  thanks. 
 Please send this attachment to the same list I just provided.  thanks. 
 FYI - trumped already. 
 Attached is the spreadsheet version of the template we discussed this morning.   I have added the additional columns everyone requested.   I would now like the business unit leads to fill in the blanks such that we have an initial Power Implementation Plan that can be delivered to Louise on Friday.  With respect to East Power (I am out Thursday and Friday), I am delegating to all of my desk heads the responsibility the following: 1) Have all of the forms attached spreadsheet forms complete 2) A product offering sheet is added to the template.  Fletch & Dana - Please take the lead on creating the product offering list (physical and financial).  My recommendation is we put products out through 03 for all regions (financial and physical).   Obviously, the physical products will be contingent on receiving a power marketing license.  Cory and Don Baughman - Please take a crack at identifying all of the transmission service agreements we need for the East (Christi has started a list already).  Please call me on my cell (713-856-3923) with any questions.   Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Andy can trade all regions and all commodities (just like a desk head).    He is replacing Harry. 
 FYI. 
 Please put on my calender and remind everyone on Wednesday.  Thanks. 
 The same attachment was sent again in case you had trouble opening the previous file.   I am sending from home via the network and have been having some problems.   Sorry to e-mail you to death. 
 The attached document should complement the documents sent earlier by Chris Calger.   Hopefully, the combination of the two will provide some organization and focus at our 9:30 am meeting on Wednesday morning to discuss the "NETCO" Start-up initiatives. 
 Please keep Rogers contact info for his vacation.  Thanks. 
 I believe Wabash has also terminated.  Don, As you know, we had a meeting like this the week prior to Christmas and had an accurate list at that time.   Our group can do nothing about delays between actual termination notification by the counterparty and communication to trading that termination has occurred.   I think the meeting is warranted, however, we are not going to completely eliminate the timing issues.  I will see you on Wednesday at 2:00 pm. 
 See note below.   Upon confirmation from Portz, please remove Wabash from the non-termination counterparty list. 
 Did you submit my expenses from the CT trip? 
 Obviously, we will not deliver (or receive if we are long) if the transaction would result in negative cash flow for the estate on a "net counterparty" basis.   Therefore, FE and TXU obligations would not be met for the 1st week of January because they result in negative cash flow.  Cory, Please make sure going forward that we only include positive cash flow counterparties in the weekly projections.   Please exclude the TXU and FE positions from  the net position report as well.   We will likely begin filling the non-pool positions starting next Wednesday.  Jason - Please send to Cory (I was unable to from home) 
 Don,  This looks good.   You have my blessing to proceed with approval from the cash committee.   You can reach me at home (713-856-7483) if you have any additional questions.  Thanks. 
 175k/yr.   Wow - you get em. 
 Wisconsin's offer is a joke.  Carl - This is is clearly a two-way termination or they would have no offer at all (I'm assuming you understand the difference).   We can buy Cal-02 Com-Ed under $30/Mwh all day long.   This is a position we will deliver on to preserve the in-the money value.   I would make it clear to Wisconsin that we intend on delivering in January and every single month thereafter because it creates positive cash flow for the estate.   We also have broker quotes that show the market is 28 at 29 for Cal 02.   I would accept nothing less  than $1.2 million.  Thanks. 
 Olgethorpe has officially terminated as of Dec. 20, 2001.   Please see attached. 
 Please send me a summary.  Thanks. 
 I cancelled this over 4 months ago.   Someone might have assumed by terminal. 
 You are very welcome.   You have been a fantastic asst for me and could not have achieved what we have as a group without you.  Thanks again for all of your hard work and have a Very Happy Holidays! 
 We are not to discuss credit issues with any counterparties. 
 Did this meeting get confirmed? 
 See you Monday. 
 We need to do what the contract says.   No one knows what the real intent was. 
 I would not pay alot for this given the transmission issue.   The best place for park and lend is JEA. 
 I would have interest if you package together 50-100 MW of these small units to create a more liquid block of power. 
 Jeff Shorter (your counterpart at TXU) just called me to inform me they will not be trading with Enron until further notice.   They are evalutating their net exposure with us, including London.  His number is 214-875-9632. 
 Just Morgan Stanley requiring tighter credit terms so far. 
 As of 11:15 am, East Power has sold approx. 600-700 gas contracts and bought approx. 3 million Mwh's. 
 We can't make a daily capacity market in the current environment. 
 No need to copy trading.  Thanks. 
 Please proceed with Stacey on taking the prudency you are comfortable with.   Stacey will have to get approval from Louise and/or Lavo.  Thanks. 
 I won't be in until about 9:30 because I have to get my drug  test done. 
 Let's go tonight.  I have a staff mtg. at 4:00 pm and we can go after that.  Does this work for you? 
 Probably Wayne Herndon.   We need to lock him down ASAP.   You and I need to have a beer this week to discuss ENE in general and what you want to do next. 
 Are we making sure everything is done on our end to liquidate and manage the EES retail positions effective 1/1/02. 
 I agree with this approach and I'm fine with this allocation.   My objective is to get everything as accurate as possible so the proper price signal is being sent to retail and wholesale origination.   I caught the scalar issue when we were looking at 4 hour tolls vs. 8 hour tolls vs. 16 hour and I could tell there was a disconnect.  thanks. 
 I have sent the message again to make curves as accurate as possible through 2015.    We are doing are best.   The Entergy situation was simply a back office mistake.   The NY off-peak is a work in progress and will get better every day.   The legs never trade, only the cals, therefore, we have to use common sense for month values.  Thanks for the info.   In most cases, Narsima is exactly right. 
 Do you know this guy? 
 We have some serious issues.   Downgrade, collateral called, liquidity crisis, issue more equity.   I can see $12 pretty easy.  I think both Lay and Fastow are gone. 
 No problem.   The only problem right now is ENE's stock price.   Wow - you get em. 
 Probably Andy Fastow.   His personal hurdle rate is 29% 
 I want to make sure the info is protected and if legal and regulatory are comfortable, then I am. 
 The whole group.    Please type the short agenda I have prepared.  Thanks. 
 I will show him a 50 MW block. 
 The meeting has been moved to tommorow at 11:00 am.   We can discuss these = issues before the meeting. 
 Garret Tripp would be better able to answer your questions for the Canada nuclear facilities.   With respect to forward hedging in the US, we have never seen British Energy hedge anything.   I believe they have transition contracts with the utilities they purchased the plants from. 
 My phone interviews are complete.  Please send someone to pick up my forms. 
 I am interested in firm LD fixed price energy delivered at the Gannon bus-bar.   I have no appetite for unit contingent in the current market.   TECO has an entire system they can lean on.  I would consider bringing the gas, but you would have to involve Scott Neal's desk for transport and valuation becomes complicated.   With respect to volume, I would not want any more than 100 MW.  My strong preference is fixed price energy - no toll.   Volatility is getting smashed and it doesn't make sense to pay for vol in a spread option.  We are a much better bid for 5x16 or 7x24 energy. 
 They have over 2500 MW at Wansley over 2 coal plants and 4 gas turbines (in CC).   They can offer LD at this location 
 I told TJ the phone interview needs to be in the afternoon.   No way will 11:45 work.   We need a  4 or 5:00 pm phone interview, preferably tommorow.  Can you please coordinate with TJ.  58 SOCO trades yesterday.   5 already this morning. 
 Thank you very much for the nice gift (and, of course, the $1).   I appreciate you girls putting up with me and doing a great job for the whole floor.  Thanks again. 
 Ader has managed to get cross-wise with another good employee.  =20  Ader's "supply group" has essentially stolen Roger's approved ERCOT LSE acc= ounts.   Rogers needs these LSE accounts to serve load in ERCOT and now he = has none.   This is BS and should not be tolerated. 
 Looks fine. 
 I received zero. 
 Please arrange a room for an East Power Mtg at 10:00 am this morning.  Agenda:  UBS Warburg Energy Closing/Implementation Organization/Roles On-line products (which products and when) Power documents (EEI and ISDA) 
 PM call with the whole group, including Suarez.   Can you find a date that works for everyone. 
 Can you please set up a meeting and we can discuss. 
 I don't understand this e-mail. 
 Rika and Lloyd.  This is work in progress with a realistic completion date of May 2002. 
 Why can't we use AEP's position against them in their own backyard (Ohio). = AEP's position is that you can't have effective retail markets without re= al-time energy markets (which I agree with), yet there is no real-time ener= gy market with ancillary clearing prices in AEP's service territory in Ohio= .  Can we use their own testimony against them? 
 We need an immediate legal review to see what are on-going $ risks are in E= RCOT.   The deficiency of $6500 is no big deal when they allocate to all of= the QSE's on a pro-rata basis, however what if the deficiency is $100 mill= ion and we our pro-rata share is $3 million?  Do we have any legal recourse?   Do they suspend the deficient QSE immediat= ely? 
 I'll pay the extra $'s.   I would like No. 480 in the new garage. 
 TJ has my calender.   Just about any afternoon will work with this group. 
 We'll go after him. 
 I give bankruptcy 50/50. 
 Can he come over to our trading floor around 11:00 am?   I can give him a quick tour and then give him a macro overview of the NA energy markets.   Please confirm via e-mail and directly with my asst. (TJ Black at 713-853-5800).  Thanks. 
 Resume looks impressive.   We should definitely interview him.   I forwarded e-mail to Louise to see if she knows the guy from her London gas trading days. 
 Do you know this gentleman.   Suarez is high on him. 
 I would support this 100%.   It is consistent with the direction that Whalley, Lavo, and Delainey are headed with the retail risk management group. 
 What other offer? 
 Outstanding.   As usual, you are the king. 
 From East Power's perspective, the East PJM development site is the only site/turbine of interest and we should pursue pending transmission analysis to ensure the site is within the congested area of East PJM. 
 Thanks. 
 I'm $2  bid for this spread in Cal 02. 
 Please participate and give group overview.  Thanks. 
 No. 
 Please print and put in binder for me.   Please combine the document from yesterday in the same binder so I can read the whole package while I'm on vacation.  Thanks. 
 He's making his rounds.   I believe he is talking with Corp Risk and Reck.   I get the impression he doen't want to be anywhere near an energy commodity that has a relationship with power (which, of course, is all of them) 
 OK. 
 Florida might be a better location than New Jersey.   Can you say sunshine? 
 What time works for you guys? 
 I need to leave at 3:30 today to go to my stepson's football game.   Unfortunately, I have a 2:00 and 3:00 meeting already.   Is this just a general catch-up discussion? 
 Please follow-up with this gentleman.   Never know. 
 Are all of these units in our database? 
 Notice on the tags when we go hourly could be 30 minutes or less.   Additionally, if we use them as sink when we go hourly, they will have to be part of the day-ahead tag.   If these issues are not crystal clear with them, I have no interest in even showing an offer. 
 We don't need gas at this point, but we should be planning to add this. 
 I believe he has signed.   Confirm with Dana Davis. 
 We need the hourly option to allow for non-GTC sources, but we will deliver into-GTC border hourly. 
 Good luck. 
 I would like ASAP (by new building) a huge wall map with the logical RTO boundaries that has all of the large generators and substations (nodes in LMP) and LSE's territory color coded.  This will become the tour location with a description of the regional markets and the energy hubs within those super regions.   It will also help our traders get accustomed to electrically significant areas whether than NERC regions. 
 I did not realize we were going to reserve on spreads which create zero net position and almost zero credit risk.   The new forward correlations are 90+% per the var model and it looks like your credit model is still using the old correlations. 
 He is a definite hire.   I thought I communicated that last week. 
 Please put on my calender. 
 Will he let us go hourly at least 5 times per month and change the source if we go hourly.   This essentially would require they provide parking and lending for up 20 MW in the Cal and 40 MW in the June-Sept.   Can we at least get a 50 MW block in the June-Sept period? 
 There should be no credit on a TVA/Cin spread.   The correlation between the 2 markets is 95% plus. 
 Ask him if Scherer 1,2,3 and/or 4 would work?   Let him know that an odd lot would command a $2.50-3.00/Mwh premium on top   In addition, even if we used Scherer, it would be from any one of the facilities therefore the transmission would need to be able to use any of the Scherer units as a source. 
 Do we have 4 or 8? 
 Go ahead and cancel. 
 roundtable meeting. 
 Let's sit down and talk.   I think we should fill from within our current desk.   I have some ideas. 
 Please make the following revisions to the peak and off-peak position reports:  Remove ERCOT wind position completely from the report (PPA has been terminated) Add ERCOT north zone positions Add ERCOT south zone positions Show separate positions for FL/GA border and FPL/FRCC Add PJM-East positions (show separate from PJM-West) Off-Peak position still shows SERC-FL (this location no longer exists) - Florida positions are either FL/GA or FPL/FRCC.  Thanks. 
 TJ,  Please provide me with the latest hard copy so I can have one final meeting with my direct reports to get final confirmation for East Power seating.  Thanks. 
 Thanks for the info Heather.   In terms of forward curve, Entergy is the worst place to be long assets right now.   The equipment is probably of more interest as it relates to a packaged development for the Midway project in Florida. 
 We are already completely full.   In fact, we are already 2 seats short for my own group. 
 Sounds like he might fit in the LMP/transmission/congestion management group.   As I mentioned, we are attempting to create an Eastern Interconnect LMP model to model congestion in every region.   This will lead to the creation of hubs and basis markets.  Ravi might be a good fit for this group. 
 This has not been booked.   I was told Q4.   What is this? 
 I don't like the 2nd bullet - not positive enough.   We are the dominant player in the power market.  With respect to volumes for term trades, the risk group will have to provide that to you.   I can tell you that the volumes have increased in the term market by a significant factor (at least 10 times relative to last year). 
 As a follow-up to our meeting on Saturday, I talked with the designer of my house (Todd Rice with Rice Residential Design) and the electrical plan is not on a CAD system.   The electrical plan was hand drawn.  If you need a copy of the plan, my preference is that you deal directly with Todd and his staff as I am very busy during the week.  Todd Rice Rice Residential Design 11111 Katy Freeway Houston, TX  77079 713-984-8604 
 Go ahead and run with it. 
 Lakes on Eldridge subdivision:  5410 Morning Breeze Houston, TX  77041 
 We'll see. 
 I have a conflict on my calender.   I can meet at 3:00 only on Thursday and will be out on Friday. 
 I told TJ to coordinate with you.   5:00 pm is fine tommorow.   Please confirm with TJ. 
 Please coordinate with Kay to set up a time that works for both of us.   5:00 pm tomorrow is good. 
 Sold 150 contracts per month of Feb-Mar 02 at 2.81  Sold 50 contracts per month of Nov-Dec 02 at 3.24.  Bought Cal 06 at 3.60. 
 I am having Lloyd Will review. 
 Do these look reasonable.   What are the costs charged to fundies?   The allocations are confusing to me. 
 Late afternoon.   Have Fletch and myself interview.   He has already been in here for one interview. 
 John,  What about Eric Benke?   Did you review his resume? 
 I received your voice mail and I'm OK with electronic signatures.   However, for the 1st 60 days, I still want to review.  thanks.  Kevin Presto East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Your thoughts on this guy for SE cash and/or term spread trader? 
 Ok. 
 Please provide my asst. (TJ Black @ 3-5800) with meeting time and location. 
 You can count me in.   We can have 3 hours of EES bashing.  Thanks. 
 I will attend only if the whole group is represented (gas, oil, west power, and east power).   Once we have confirmation for all relevant parties, please let me know. 
 You are right.   They are on crack.   This would be at least $3.50/Mwh over Cin.   They have gas deliverability issues in the winter and there alternative fuel is No. 2 oil.   Therefore, CPL East is a big premium Nov-Mar.   The bid/offer for this location is large due to transmission risk. 
 I have been getting lots of requests from our friends.   I'm just giving you a heads up.   I have no problem with the URM group, unless, of course, they become part of EES. 
 Please send an e-mail to "Experience Enron" and let them know the tours need to be conducted as far away from the trading floor as possible and limited to no longer than 5 minutes.   I don't want any of our screens visible to the customers, not matter who they are.  Thanks. 
 Please follow-up with this guy.   Looks like a retail load aggregator looking for wholesale supply. 
 How many days do I have left? 
 Lloyd - Don't worry about the formatting.   After playing around some more, I have a new way that works fine for me.    The main issue is keeping the database live with all of the historical information.    We can figure out how to format.  thanks. 
 No interest. 
 Please grant full access to Dale Furrow in retail risk management.   Dale is a VP under contract and is a key member of the retail risk management staff.  With respect to the URM employees under Dale, please grant them the more limited access.  With respect to the EES employees (Ozzie, Beth, Greg Woulfe), I do not want any access granted at all. 
 I am getting more like you every day.   Given what's going on in EES right now, I don't trust anyone.   Therefore, I am going to allow access to the portal to only EWS employees that you are comfortable with.   Obviously, this includes Dale.   With respect to the rest of the EES group, I am not going to grant access until the entire organization is doing the right thing for Enron's shareholders. 
 Excellent update Mike.   We have good momentum with some key "players" on the ropes.   I view the next two months as critical in moving the Midwest to one functional market. 
 I bought 10,000 MMbtu/day of Cal 04 NYMEX NG at 3.315 and 3.32 from Arnold this afternoon. 
 Full access of the complete portal should be limited to core contract employees only.   We have a scaled down version that we have made available to the marketing group. 
 Make sure Rogers is at this meeting. 
 We are losing lots of deals in ERCOT on price.  This is part of the reason they are being so aggressive with customers and alternative suppliers.   I have received this feedback directly from Rogers and Janet. 
 Looks like Ader & Co. at work in ERCOT.   I view this as a big problem.   These customers need to be covered by wholesale.   Both of you should take this as a slap in the face. 
 I talked to him this morning and feels comfortable with his marks.   He is long, so he better.   Like I told you yesterday, I wouldn't hesitate to to be more aggressive on the front in ERCOT, particularly in the North where Doug is long.  I'll keep you posted. 
 These are not good fills.   When I gave the order DIS was trading at 21.87 (21.86 at 21.88).   I can understand 2-3 cents but not 9 cents. 
 FYI. 
 The loss is part of the $1.45 million.  The loss occurred due to generator repairs. 
 Calender 
 My management book is going to take this $1.45 million hit 
 Thanks for the info Mike.   Our real-time market is a complete piece everywhere ($10-18/Mwh).   Generators are beginning to puke MW again. 
 Could you please make sure this is on my calender and ensure that Jeff Keenan and Dave Duran are also aware of this meeting.  Thanks. 
 They are pursuing because I requested to pursue.   The reason for the e-mail is to place management emphasis on this opportunity. 
 As most of you know, NRG's proposed purchase of two coal plants in Conneticut (UI's territory) was recently cancelled due to regulatory issues at FERC.   The purchase and sale transaction between Wisvest and NRG was originally entered into almost two years ago.   The proposed purchase price of $350 million for 1000 MW of coal was a "bargain price" at the time due to environmental risks that are specific to the state of CT.  Over the past 2-3 years, the State of Conneticut has threatened to have these coal plants shut down due to pollution issues and Wisvest was concerned enough about this risk that they "puked" the plants to NRG for $350/kW in early 2000.   At a minimum, it is expected that $100-150/kW of SCR and/or scrubbers will be required at these facilities to appease the CT regulatory bodies.  My strong view is that, as a practical matter, the plants cannot be shut down or the lights would go out in CT.   The area where the plants are located is quite possibly the most congested area in the entire Eastern Interconnect.   The load pocket is significantly short MW and transmission import capability is inadequate to serve the load in this area.   In a true "locational marginal price" environment, the prices would likely be similar to Zone J in New York   Currently, pricing in NEPOOL is generally socialized with congestion costs spread equally to all loads, regardless of who causes the congestion.  In the recently proposed "single NE RTO" model, it is about 80% certain that the PJM "locational marginal price" market model will be implemented sometime between mid-2003 and mid-2004.   At that point in time, consumers in the congested areas of NEPOOL (in-city Boston and CT) will be exposed to higher energy prices, while consumers in Maine, New Hampshire, and Rhode Island should see lower prices.  Given the facts above, coupled with traditional asset companies too long to show good bids for incremental assets, I think EWS should pursue discussions with Wisvest immediately and attempt to buy these coal plants at what could be extremely favorable economics relative to our forward curve in NEPOOL and our bullish view for relative pricing at the asset "node".  If we could buy these plants for approx $250/kW with $150/kW of environmental upgrades, the resulting "all-in" (depr, fixed & variable O&M, fuel costs, NOx, SO2, capital reserve, interest) 7x24 plant cost would be approx. $34-36/Mwh.    This is lower than our energy only socialized NEPOOL curve.   Additional upside is derived from positive basis, ICAP, ancillary services, emissions allowances, and long term requirements sales to LSE's.  Lavo and Louise - This could be the "Alberta PPA" for 2002.   Lots of "hair" but lots of upside.  Any thoughts? 
 How exactly are we exposed? 
 Rika,  Please provide an analyst to support this effort.   This information will benefit both EWS and EES as we move toward combining the genco/control area/unit dispatch function in the new building.   You may want to request additional support from Jim Meyn's group, as this will ultimately effect structuring valuation. 
 What do you need from me?   Do you want me to meet with him?  talk to him on the phone?   go to lunch?    is he looking for a job?    As you can see, I don't have much information of the objective here. 
 Let's go ahead and release. 
 No, my understanding was we were going to give them curve access.   I never agreed to give them the fundies data. 
 You have the right Kevin Presto.   I have been employed at Enron now for almost 7 years.   I currently oversee the company's power trading and marketing business in the Eastern US.    Unfortunately, I spend entirely too much time at work, but I love the job and Enron's culture in general.  How are you doing?   I have not seen any of my Tri-City classmates in many years.   I think the last time I saw you was at Mark Bayless' wedding (85-86?) if my memory is correct.  Where is your job located and what work have you done with Enron? 
 Canes play Penn State at College Station and the natty market made a new low today.  Give me a call this weekend.   I'm taking the fellas out for drinks this afternoon. 
 Let's try to get 8 playoff tickets for the desk. 
 Please print and save for our Lake McQueeney trip.   We should plan a mid-September trip to New Braunfels. 
 Check to see if King or Herndon know him from their days at Dynegy. 
 I am not going to make an into-GTC market.   I'm going to make an on the GTC market which is significantly different.   I do not want to educate the market on the difference. 
 How is Brian Butler a "5" if all you have received is positive feedback? 
 Thanks. 
 Can you figure out a way to get my new card without be being there. 
 What about DIS 
 With respect to Narsima, I agree with Rogers.  With respect to Steve Wang and Guatum Gupta, please work directly with Harry and Dana.   I am continuing to push responsibility down to the desk heads and that includes personnel issues.  Thanks. 
 I am interested in lakefront property on Lake Travis which is within 3 hour drive of Houston.   Given the technology sector meltdown, I am looking to "bottom fish" for lakefront property that provides great long term real estate value.  Please feel free to e-mail me with "value" opportunities that come up.   I did not find your CD-ROM user friendly and I prefer e-mails with attached property listings that meet my requirements.   I am looking to spend 200-250k for lakefront property that has previously sold in the 275-325k range.  thanks. 
 Rogers,  Are we are discussing the Phoenix project at this Wednesday's meeting?   Is Terry going to be there? 
 Sounds like you are as busy as I am.   Yes, my parents still live in the same house in Kennewick.   My Dad retired from teaching in WA (collecting WA retirement) and has been teaching in Hermiston, OR for the last 7 years.  Just to clarify, Enron's international business model and North American business model are quite different.   I work in the Enron North American business unit which has been extremely profitable and has pioneered the deregulation of the natural gas and electricity markets in the US.   Enron NA's focus has been on creating efficient wholesale markets in gas, power, crude, pulp & paper, metals, etc and then providing the market with a logistical delivery and price risk management intermediation function.   We are very cost effective in this function because we achieve huge scale and scope in the market with minimal fixed costs.  Enron's international business model, on the other hand, entailed constructing capital intensive infrastructure power and gas projects with leveraged project financing (with project financing supported by long term sales to government utilities).   This model is OK provided the business risk, currency risk, international risk, change in law risk, legal risk, etc. is priced properly by the debt and equity providers.  I will let you conclude which business model is better.   I think you will see Enron applying our successful NA model into the international markets that have an economy and regulatory environment that supports a "free-market" model.  Later. 
 I have both days on my calender.   I'll get TJ to resolve.  Thanks. 
 Calender 
 Thanks Jay. 
 As usual, your position is way too logical.   Do I need to attend this meeting? 
 Ok. 
 My understanding is that Shell can put them back to Calpine.   Remember, the deal was an all-requirements supply deal for all of Shell's retail obligations in ERCOT which are now zero. 
 Please ensure that real-time prices for ERCOT, PJM, NY, and NEPOOL are added to the cube database.   I have been analyzing the data today and the real-time clearing prices are not there.  Thanks.  Kevin Presto East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 I will handle the non-TVA SERC deals until John Suarez joins the group. 
 Are we sure we can live with everything else in the PJM Single RTO proposal? 
 Any interest in attending? 
 I read the proposal last night, and although it is not perfect, it is a big= improvement over what we have today.   Therefore, I (and my team) support = Enron's endorsement of the PJM Proposal (with your timeline condition).  Thanks for all your good work. 
 You should attend if you think you will get value from it. 
 What is the exact delivery point?   Does it include capacity?   Is it a daily call?   monthly call?   All options are quoted by Harry Arora. 
 I want only firm delivered LD offers for this position.   Please make this clear in our proposal and make sure the volume shape is exactly the same as our JEA obligation.  Thanks. 
 You've got that right.   I'm am short all of the power and am getting frustrated.   I am breaking all of the trading rules by ignoring the price action which continues to be somewhat bullish in power.   There seems to be very solid fixed price support at these lower levels.  In particular, the NE markets refuse to go down despite the fact that Benson has been a fairly aggessive seller the past two days in the 02 and 03 period.   For the 1st time in a couple of weeks, however, the cash market is showing signs of weakness.  Overall, I am very bearish and my position reflects that.   Like you, I have worn some curveshift the past month. 
 The source sink issue continues to be a huge thorn in our side and costs my group significant $'s every year.   I estimate $10-15 million per year is lost by our cash traders every year due to the inflexibility in the daily and weekly market.  Therefore, we should continue to fight this issue hard to rectify as soon as possible.  Thanks. 
 I sit at 06543 (will be moving Wednesday/Thursday).   I can meet mid-morning tommorow.   Get on my calender with TJ at 35800.  thanks. 
 No. 
 I generally agree with your approach.  We may be able to assign our contracts to a competitor and actually get paid (because of margin in contract vs. current market), particularly if competition is not pricing this risk or choosing to ignore it.   Potential candidates are Green Mountain, New Power Co, TXU, etc.  Any thoughts? 
 Fine.   I don't need to attend. 
 Calender 
 Calender. 
 Thanks.   Any assignment would have to be confidential.   I don't view an assignment any different than the unwinds that we are currently doing directly with the customer.   If there is a positive NPV trade, we should do it.   "Assignment" maybe the wrong word.   Maybe we can transfer the ERCOT switching risk to another supplier or back to the customer. 
 Can you please make sure Kim Melodick attends my meeting with Jim Homco that I believe is scheduled for tommorow afternoon at 5:00 pm.   If Kim cannot attend, I need to move the meeting to a time when she can be there.  Thanks. 
 Yes, we probably can because ESCA is the vendor and we have a great relationship with them.  I will ask Doug and/or Forney to follow-up. 
 Please follow-up with ERCOT ISO and/or ESCA to find out if there is a technical limitation with the software.   Can we please get an inside opinion on the "real" issue and the "real date" so we can properly assess wholesale and retail risk as a company.  Doug and Rogers -  Please work together on who is going to take the lead so don't have two different Enron people inquiring.   We may also want to consider using Tholan's intelligence group. 
 Please call me and I will give you the real story.   I don't want to put it in an e-mail. 
 Obviously, coordination with gas and power fundies (rika imai and chris gaskill) is important for almost all projects unless confidentiality is necessary given the nature of the project scope.   My view is No. 1 is part of Rika's core day to day world.   No. 2 and No. 4 are more special project in nature and this is a gap you could help fill.  I will be out Wednesday through Friday so we should sit down tomorrow. 
 We need to make it our responsibility so we have consistent tools applied in all of the markets. 
 This transaction was never in the trading books and all P&L and decision-making was within the origination group.   I may have recommended that Ozzie buy the balance of year coal, however, all $ impacts and decisions were within the control of orig/corp development.  Therefore, Heather, Ozzie and Don Miller are the parties that must deal with any of the contractual issues and intra-company monetary issues. 
 Sounds good. 
 Is this relevant information. 
 The average guy has no idea what is coming.   T&D costs are going to explode and so is wholesale power (increased O&M, security, employees, capital improvements, risk premium, etc.) 
 I'm fine with this approach. 
 Thanks.   Sounds like a solid no. 
 I am missing an Enron 10,000 share sale from Monday of last week.   The sale has not shown up in my on-line "holdings" report as it normally does.  I am assuming this will be corrected today.  Thanks. 
 Does it retain my custom profile? 
 Does this mean yes? 
 Chemistry is very important to me and I am rewarding Carson for his loyalty and "low maintenance".   In addition, he demonstrated much improved risk management skills that last 6 months of last year.   Mike (working for Fletch) is very capable and will do a great job for us in the SE.    Eric Saibi will come over from ERCOT and run the cash books in the SE.  I will be happy to talk Marcello to see if there is another fit.    With respect to the NE, I also want to move some of the young guys up - they have worked hard for the past 12-18 months in real-time and fundies roles and deserve a chance before an outside person. 
 What is Zydeco?   No to Chinese. 
 I say we don't make any changes until we get in the new building and we will have a better feel for the vendors. 
 Please get info from Lloyd. 
 I did a spread today with Arnold:  Sold 10,000 MMbtu/day of Cal 03 Bought 10,000/MMBtu/day of Cal 05  Paid $0.12/MMBtu for the spread 
 Let's discuss tommorow. 
 I talked with John today and he wanted me to remind you about the e-mail you voluntered to write regarding the transition of site profile accountability back to EES.   If you recall, we decided on a 2-3 month transition with some sort of drop dead accountability for all P&L risks associated with the site profile/DSM positions.  Do you remember this?  If so, John and I did not receive the e-mail. 
 What time are we meeting? 
 For files/calender. 
 Not at all.  Please attend.   However, we will need a bigger room.   Can you coordinate with TJ to make this happen.  Thanks. 
 With respect to East Power markets, I would like a fixed monthly premium in addition to the wider bid/offer in return for Refco's access to our markets. 
 Please print and put in green folder (ignore redlined version) 
 thanks for the heads up.   I will forward this e-mail to EOL and Legal.   I understand his point. 
 FYI.   Looks like PIRA will be releasing a bearish material balance and 02 gas price outlook soon. 
 Any recommendations to correct this? 
 FYI. 
 Thank you.   See you this Saturday at 10:00 am. 
 Christi is leading the SE RTO initiative.   As far as meeting, tommorow at 3:30 works for me.   Please confirm with TJ at 3-5800.  Thanks. 
 Can you please coordinate this meeting to ensure it is productive.   We may need an initial screening mtg. to assess whether the tool can help us from a fundamental/trading standpoint.  Thanks. 
 I will pay $500k over the mid-curve.   Morgan and JEA will be your best counterparties.   I would proceed by showing them a bid for the shaped obligation that is flat to our mid, thus leaving you with 500k of orig value.   Before we show a written or verbal bid, please get approval from me.  Thanks. 
 Have they started construction?   Is the plant a peaker or combined cycle? 
 I think they are probably pricing calls vs. cancelling the project. 
 I have already moved someone from ERCOT to SE Power.   We are set. 
 After reviewing our position in more detail, we are quite long MWH's in the NE market, therefore the 5 year 7x24 PJM East bid (100-125 MW) would be closer to $4-5/Mwh below the current mid.  Additional purchases above 125 MW would be discounted further for VAR and liquidity reasons.  With respect to Florida, I would still pay the mid for Cal 02 (shaped like JEA short) and mid minus $2.00/Mwh for 50 MW of Calender 04-05.  As I mentioned in the meeting, EES/EWS would also provide a bid for ICAP/ancillary services in PJM and NEPOOL where the company has existing short positions. 
 I suggest setting up a meeting with all of my desk heads after your meeting with REFCO.   At that point in time, you can provide an overview of the deal structure and we can talk about East Power requirements. 
 Did UBS waive the employee CP? 
 When will we close? 
 I will be in town Monday and Tuesday.   Out Wed-Fri in Florida.   I will definitely help on Monday and/or Tuesday.   I can make arrangements for backups later in the week if necessary.  Let me know. 
 Please make copies for me and put in a folder. thanks. 
 Calender. 
 Casey has a list of all the East Power curves.   Frank - Stop re-inventing the wheel.   This stuff has been done already. 
 Pushkar and Ellen Su are not SE Power offers.   They are offers for our interest rate books/FX books.   They should not fall under Power headcount. 
 Please put Russell's info in my contacts. 
 Gas or Power?    Gas is Scott Neal and Power is Doug Gilbert-Smith for ERCOT (TX) and Fletch Sturm for LA/AL (Gulf Coast).  The Williams energy trad