   Here it is: 507086. 
 Attached is the final version of of Transwestern's response to the CPUC's protest in Docket No. RP97-288-017. The attachment was filed with FERC last Wednesday. 
 Thanks, Glen. I'll plan to attend. 
 Iris,  Thanks for the message. If it's not too much trouble, I would very much appreciate a printed report showing how much time I have left. Thanks. 
 Merci! 
 Deborah,  The latest commodity agreement amendments were not yet filed in the binder. (They were signed right before I left.) However, I gave those to Raquel as well, so you should have them. As I mentioned this morning, Maureen Palmer also has copies. 
   Maxine,  I'll be in the office all of next week.   Bill 
  Yes, I already have a call into her. 
   Drew and Greg,  Andy Fastow is currently shown in the organizational chart on Northern Natural's electronic bulletin board as "President, Northern Pipeline Sales Division".  Apparently, he was named to this position because he was not an officer or director of one of our marketing affiliates and was also not an officer or director of Northern. This satisfied the requirements of the marketing affilate rule. Given recent personnel changes at Enron Corp., it's now necessary to find a replacement for Andy Fastow. Frazier King suggested Cindy Olson, who also is neither an officer or director of a marketing affiliate nor an officer or director of Northern.  I wanted to run this by both of you before proceeding further. I would appreciate your thoughts. Thanks. 
 I'm a new addition to the gas pipeline legal group, having recently transferred from the EES legal department. Among other things, I'll be handling Northern Natural's compliance with the marketing affiliate rule.  An issue has come up with Northern as a result of the recent changes at Enron Corp.  Andy Fastow is currently shown in the organizational chart on Northern Natural's electronic bulletin board as "President, Northern Pipeline Sales Division".  Apparently, he was named to this position because he was not an officer or director of one of our marketing affiliates and was also not an officer or director of Northern. This satisfied the requirements of the marketing affilate rule. Given recent personnel changes at Enron Corp., it's now necessary to find a replacement for Andy Fastow. Frazier King suggested Cindy Olson, who also is neither an officer or director of a marketing affiliate nor an officer or director of Northern.  We wanted to run this by both of you before proceeding further. We would appreciate your thoughts. Thanks. 
 Any objections to Mary Kay's suggestion? If not, I'll probably need the help of one of you in contacting Jeff McMahon. 
 Actually, there was one new development late yesterday. Frazier wasn't entirely comfortable with having Andy Fastow in that role in the first place since he may have had access to transportation/capacity information in his capacity as CFO of Enron Corp. The same concern would, of course apply to Andy Fastow's successor. That was why Frazier had suggested Cindy Olsen. I spoke with Mary Kay and told her about this concern. She understands, but continues to feel that we should be able to come up with someone who is more substantively involved in Enron's underlying businesses but who does not have access to transportation/capacity information. I'll work with Frazier to see if we can identify someone. So, let's hold off for now in contacting Jeff McMahon. I'll keep you updated. Thanks. 
 Joel,  Yes, I would start with Michael. He did a calculation a year or so ago when OWC first filed for bankruptcy and should be able to update that. Another source is Maureen Palmer, who (if you haven't met her yet) is the EES business person who is responsible for the OWC/EES relationship. You should probably speak with Maureen in any event to get her input on whether EES really wants to pursue this claim. When I spoke with her about this several months ago, there was apparently a difference of opinion among our business people on this. Good luck. Let me know if I can help on anything else. 
 I have no idea. I have never heard of these swaps. I don't know when these were implemented. Presumably after we signed the original deal, although I don't know. Apparently, the people on our trading desk dealt with the customer without getting legal input. Scary. You may want to check with Jim Keller's/Mike Smith's group to see if anyone there knows anything about this. 
 This is a test. 
 Drew,  Steve Harris and the other Transwestern commercial people are seeking guidance on what limits will be imposed by the new credit facility on Transwestern's dealings with affiliates, most notably EWS/ENA. Will it be necessary to obtain the consent of the lenders before Transwestern may enter into any transaction with an affiliate? Are there de minimis exceptions? Are there any plans to obtain pre-approval of either certain categories of transactions or transactions up to an aggregate dollar limit? Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks. 
 Steve and Kim,  I spoke with Drew after the staff meeting today regarding what limitations would be imposed by the new credit agreement on Transwestern's dealings with its affiliates, most notably ENA/EWS. Drew said that this and a number of other issues are still being negotiated and that it's not yet clear where we'll wind up. Obviously, we'll try and negotiate as much flexibility on the affiliate issue with the banks as possible. Drew indicated that the agreement should be finalized in the next day or so and that he would issue guidance on this and other issues as soon as it is. 
 Emily,  Thanks for all of your help on this!  Bill 
 Kim and Michelle,  Attached is a revised version of the capacity release letter agreement, which is red-lined toshow changes from the prior draft. 
 Attached for your review and comments is a draft of a letter to Richardson Products Co. demanding security or payment of the outstanding invoice. 
 Ann,  Here's the item for the weekly staff notes:   Transwestern Pipeline Company  Richardson Products Co.: Transwestern has not received payment for Richardson Products Co. for the outstanding invoice for November in the amount of approximately $1,600,000. Richardson Products Co.has stated that it is withholding payment on the basis that it seeks to recover from Transwestern (by offset) amounts that it is owed Enron North America Corp. Transwestern will send Richardson a letter demanding additional security for payment of the outstanding amount and future amounts that become payable. 
 Attached is a revised draft of the letter, which is red-lined to show changes from the previous draft. 
 Attached is a revised version of the capacity release letter, which incorporates Kim's comments. I'm ok with sending this in the form attached to ENA. Please let me know if you'd like me to send a copy to ENA's attorney at the same time that you send to the business person. Thanks. 
 Here's the final version of the letter. Paul, as we discussed, you can print this out on TW letterhead, sign and fax to Richardson. Thanks. 
 I haven't received it yet that I can recall. 
 Thank you. 
 Kim,  This was filed yesterday. 
 Raquel,  Look under my general file in the j drive. There should be a folder labeled "Fast Track". In that folder, there should be a document titled either "Fast Track Swap Agreement" or "Swap Agreement". There could be multiple drafts of this document, so use the one with the most recent date. 
 Michelle,  Attached is a red-lined version of the Burlington OBA, which reflects the change that we discussed this morning. Please let me know if you have any comments or additional thoughts. Thanks. 
 I think I can help. Please call me at (713)853-5269. Thanks. 
 Attached for your review and comments is a first draft of the letter that Kim requested to the operators that have not yet executed new OBAs. 
 Glen,  I've heard nothing from either Dan or Gregg. Let me know if I can help follow up. 
 Donna,  My office location is EB4788. Thanks. 
 Greg,  Please call me (extension 35269). Thanks. 
 Thanks, Dan. 
 Please see attached. 
 FYI. We should discuss at the TW staff meeting this afternoon. 
 Bill,  To complete the information I provided to you yesterday, the name of the electric utility providing electric service to Transwestern's Bloomfield, New Mexico compressor station is: The City of Farmington Electric Department.  In addition, although not required for a Transwestern bankruptcy filing, the name of the electric utility providing electric service to Northern Natural's Hubbard, Iowa compressor station is: Midland Power Cooperative. 
 The amendment that I think you're referring to was not signed. We sent it to Starwood and then nothing happened. If you can't find a hard copy, you can call Rell Tipton at V&E and ask him to e-mail you the latest version of the Starwood amendment that he's been working on. If you can't reach Rell, his assistant, Birdie Cortinas can probably help. Rell's number is (713)758-4506. Hope this helps. 
 No, unfortunately not. 
 Emily,  I plan to be on vacation on the following days: December 7th (tomorrow), December 17th through the 21st, and December 31st. 
 Attached for your review and comments is a draft of TW's response to the FERC data request in the USGT negotiated rate proceeding. Please note that our response to Data Request No. 1, contemplates that we will provide to FERC copies of the other bids that were received on this capacity. We could attempt to summarize this other bids, but I think the better approach is to just provide copies.  A schedule of actual volumes transported and actual rates charged USGT is attached (this is the Schedule C that is referenced in our response to Data Request No. 4). This will need to be updated next week prior to filing. I do not have the other attachments to the responses in electronic format. I can of course provide paper copies of these to anyone who would like to see them.  I would appreciate receiving any comments by noon on Monday, December 10. Thanks. 
  Greg,  Sorry, I meant to copy you on this originally. Please let me know if this looks ok to you. I left you a voice mail about the day off tomorrow (December 7th). Thanks. 
 Attached is a draft of an agreement that would terminate the transportation agreement that Transwestern has with Public Service of New Mexico. Assuming that PSNM is okay with the concept of terminating the agreement, I have no problem with providing this draft to PSNM. Please call if you have any questions or comments. 
 Lili,  Thanks for your message. First, I hope your son's ok. His health is obviously the top priority. Hopefully, he'll get better soon.  I'm available for lunch on either Wednesday or Friday of this week. There's no hurry in pinning down a date or time now. Just let me know when it's convenient. I'm also available next week.  Take care.   Bill 
 Dad,  Here's my flight schedule:  (a) Houston to Raleigh, NC on 12/23/01: Flight No. 1550; Leaves Houston at 10:40 a.m. CST and arrives Raleigh at 2:08 p.m. EST  (b) Raleigh to Houston on 12/25/01: Flight No 551; Leaves Raleigh at 5:35 p.m. EST and arrives Houston at 7:26 p.m. CST 
 Mark,  Here's the address where you send things for filing with FERC:   Mr. David P. Boergers, Secretary Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 888 First Street, N.E. Washington, D.C. 20426 
 I am available from 9:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. (but not after 11:00 a.m.) and after 2:00. 
 Maria,  I've been trying to get through to you by telephone but keep getting a busy signal. I'm in my office for a little bit longer this evening and will be in all day tomorrow. My number here is 35269. Thanks. 
 =09 =09Greg,  =09=09Thanks for sending me copies of the pleadings in the enforcement acti= on that we've filed against SoCal Gas at FERC. Just a quick question. Shoul= d we initiate a state court action against SoCal Gas now so as to minimize = any claims that could potentially be cut off by the applicable statute of l= imitations? I notice that the controversy goes back to 1996. It may take a = while for FERC to resolve this. Have we concluded that even if FERC rules i= n our favor we would have to file a separate action in state court to enfor= ce our rights under the transporation agreement(s) with SoCalGas? Even if w= e file a state court action now, SoCal Gas would probably argue that the st= ate court action should not proceed until FERC reaches its decision. I don'= t know how strong an argument this is, but even if SoCal Gas keeps us from = moving forward with a state court proceeding, would merely filing suit in s= tate court stay the statute of limitations? I'm sure you've thought through= these issues already. I'm just trying to get up to speed. Thanks. 
 That's fine with me. 
 I hope we are not planning on meeting for several hours. I have another meeting scheduled starting at 10:30. Also, where are we meeting? 
 I'm having faxed to each of you a summary that was prepared by Michelle Lokay of the bids that were received by third parties for the USGT capacity. I understand that the preference is to provide FERC with a summary rather than the actual bids. 
 Michelle,  Here's a draft of the letter. Please let me know what you think. Thanks.   Bill 
 Greg,  When you have a chance, I think it would be a good idea for me to brief you on the latest developments regarding Enron Compression Services. 
 Charlie,  I think your summary is very good. I would like to add that although Midland cannot discontinue service to ENA for failure to pay the $88,816.33 and $39,881.55 invoices, Midland can shut off service if ENA fails to pay any future invoices. So, it's imperative that someone from Northern very closely monitor the situation with ENA and Midland to ensure that ENA makes the necessary payments. In addition, the bankruptcy court may require ENA to provide Midland with "adequate assurance" of future payments. If required, this will most likely take the form of a cash deposit or a letter of credit. Again, if ENA fails to provide this adequate assurance, Midland may discontinue service. 
 Actually, I recommended that we attach the entire bids and not the summaries. I believe it was Mary Kay and Steve Kirk who thought the summaries would be better. 
 Steve,  I understand from Maria Pavlou that you are reformatting and also perhaps editing the data request responses that I drafted. Please forward to me a copy of the proposed revisions as soon as they're available so that I can review them. Thanks. 
 ENA's bankruptcy lawyers are supposed to be sending out a signed copy of the letter today. When I receive it, I'll fax it to Charlie so he can forward it directly to the appropriate person(s) at Midland. 
 Lorraine,  Thanks for forwarding the attached message. The way I read this, PSNM is effectively withdrawing its demand for the collateral as long as we don't use the contract. We should probably send them a letter confirming that this is the case. I would suggest that you just send an e-mail in response stating that what PSNM has proposed is acceptable and that our understanding is that PSNM will not require collateral as long as we don't utilize the contract. Therefore, PSNM's demand for collateral by December 15 is, based on our understanding, withdrawn. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks. 
 Raquel,  Could you please have my expense report folder hand delivered to me? I'm in EB4788. Thanks. 
 Greg,  I had a dental appointment this morning so I didn't get your message until after 8:30. Do you have some time today to talk about the status of TW's contracts with Enron Compressor Services? I think it will take about 15 minutes. I'm here all day. So, just about any time is good for me. Thanks. 
 Patsy,  Since I haven't heard back from you re the e-mail I sent earlier this week, I assume that you're going to pass on the Nutcracker. Although I'm disappointed, I guess it's better to know this now rather than further down the road.  Anyway, I just wanted to let you know that I really enjoyed meeting you and talking with you. You're a very, very nice person. So, I hope you find the person you're looking for. Take care and best wishes for you and your family. Happy Holidays!   Bill 
 Monday at 11:30 Tara 
 Do we have a revised draft of the responses to the data requests ready for review? I will be out of the office on Monday, when the responses must be filed. So, I would appreciate the opportunity to review the responses sometime today. Thanks. 
 Mary/Maria,  These look fine. Thanks for sending them to me. 
 Hi! 
 Attached for your review is a draft of the proposed letter agreement with ENA. 
   Paul,  Attached is a red-lined version of the EOG interconnect agreement, which reflects some minor changes that I made. Please call me if you'd like to discuss the attachment. 
 Chris,  Good to hear from you. I didn't bring the Starwood documents with me when I moved (can you believe that I forgot them?!!!), so I'm going off of memory. I believe that we are obliged to at least offer lease financing to Starwood if the conditions precedent to financing in the lease documents are satisfied. However, we do have the ability to pass through increased costs of capital that we incur as well as other appropriate costs to Starwood.  Hope things are going well. 
 Mark,  Great to hear from you! The last few weeks have definitely been a difficult period. I still can't believe it. I'm doing fine and actually think that things are beginning to stabilize.  So, how's the baby doing? And how are you doing? John W. called about a week ago and said he thought you were doing well and seemed to be enjoying your new job (I guess it's not so new anymore). You definitely made the right decision to leave Stratum. As you've probably heard, they haven't been able to raise any money and now plan to liquidate. I think they're down to four or five people in New York and about the same number in Houston.  My address is as follows: 714 Camelot Lane, Houston, Texas 77024.  Again it's really good to hear from you. Best wishes. (Oh yeah, in case you haven't already seen the following movies, I highly recommend them: "Run Lola Run" (German with English subtitles) and "Memento" (American) - both are available on videotape.) (Also, if I remember correctly, you like classical music, so you might enjoy Murray Perahia's (sp?) recording of Bach's Goldberg Variations.) Take care. 
     POO# 507086  Password: houston 
 Denise,  Thank you very much. I just got off the phone with someone from technical services and I think (knock on wood) that the problem is solved. Thanks again! 
   Donna,  Tony and I will participate in tomorrow's meeting. We will be in my office (extension 35269). Thanks. 
  Greg and Maria,  Attached is a first draft of the response to the protest filed by the CPUC. I'm also sending a copy to Steve Sojic and Frank Kelly. I thought we would get your feedback, as well as that of Steve and/or Frank, turn another draft, and then distribute it to the business people on Monday. There is absolutely no pride of authorship on my part, so please don't hesitate to comment. Also, given the relatively short amount of time that we have to file this, I haven't prepared all of the footnotes and citations yet. 
  Steve and Frank,  Attached is an initial draft of a response to the protest filed by the CPUC in RP97-288-017. I would appreciate any input that you have. Thanks. 
 Attached for your review and comments is a draft of a request to FERC to extend the period allowed under the Red Rock certificate for the abandonment and replacement of the compressors at Station 4. My understanding is that we need to request a one year extension as to Station 4 (but not as to the other three compressor stations included in the Red Rock expansion) due to the fact that we haven't fully contracted for all of the capacity authorized by FERC. Your comments would be appreciated. Thanks. 
 Glen  I should have included you on the distribution list. Sorry. 
 Attached is a draft of Transwestern's response to the protest filed by the California Public Utility Commission in Docket No. RP97-288-017. Your comments would be greatly appreciated.  I have gotten some additional information from Mark on USGT's use of westward capacity, which I haven't had the opportunity to review or incorporate in the attached draft. From what Mark has told me, it further supports the statement in our response that USGT has not made significant use of its westward capacity and that the CUPC's claim that Transwestern is being transformed into a pipeline that is dominated by shippers using negotiated rates is greatly exaggerated.  We need to file the response on Wednesday. Therefore, I would appreciate receiving any comments by noon tomorrow. Thanks. 
 At one point, we considered using a bill management agreement for Consolidated Container. I worked on this with Erin Stus. We came up with a draft that I was fairly happy with and it should be the latest draft under my Consolidated Container file on the j drive. If you can't find it there, give Erin a call. She should still have a copy. 
 Attached for your review and comments is a draft of TW's response to the protest filed by the California Public Utilities Commission of the latest negotiated rate filing. 
 Keith,  =09If I understand your change to the second paragraph correctly, the new c= ompressors at Stations 1, 2 and 3 will be completed and placed into service= within the one-year deadline in the FERC order. The removal of the existin= g units at those stations, however, will not be completed until six months = after that. My general feeling is that as long as the old units are taken o= ut of service by the one-year deadline and are no longer operational, we sh= ould be ok and don't need to ask FERC for an extension. The ordering paragr= aph from the FERC order requires that the new facilities be placed in servi= ce within one year from the date of the order. It does not impose a similar= deadline for the abandonment of the existing facilities. I take it that we= would not operate the old and the new facilities at the same time (i.e., c= ontinue to operate the existing compressors after we've installed and place= d into operation the new compressors), since this would result in TW operat= ing compression in excess of its certificated capacity. As long as we don't= do that, I don't think there's any need to ask for a separate extension fo= r the abandonment.=20  =09 
    POO#    507086  password: goodnight 
 Attached is a revised, red-lined version of the extension letter. I believe that I addressed Keith's question to his satisfaction, so I haven't added the additional language that he suggested regarding the timing of the removal of the existing compressor units at Stations 1, 2 and 3. Please let me know if you have any additional comments. Thanks. 
 What's a good time for everyone? I'm open in the morning. 
 Thanks. 
 Attached is a revised draft of the letter. The only change from the prior draft is to the volumes in the first sentence of the second paragraph. I've changed the contracted capacity figure from 120,000 Mcf to 106,700 per feedback from Keith. I think this is now ready to 