 You may want to leave some time to general Rockies discussion this afternoon led by Frank and Steve.  Mike wants some order in the meeting it sounds like so you probably should leave some time for that.  Jay 
 There will be no formal rockies fundies today since i will be in the air...general discussion with Frank and Steve along with Canada will work for this week.  Jay 
  Here is the message reagarding Medicine Bow capacity.  ILU 
 $36 and i am not sure...around 200 i think.  me 
 Saturday Weather Forecast for New Orleans:  Saturday morning:  70% chance of showers and thunderstorms.  Some strong to severe with heavy rain possible.  Saturday noon: 60-70% chance of thunderstorms.  Some strong to severe with heavy rain likely.  Saturday late afternoon:  Rain chances decreasing, 30% chance of lingering showers.  Saturday evening and night:  Clearing skies.  That is the best I can come up with right now.  Front is moving through on Saturday and it is all based on timing.  If the front slows down or speeds up, then of course it will greatly change the forecast.  My guess is that the front will come through faster than indicated and possibly by mid to late afternoon, rain chances will be nil, but at this point that is kind of risky.  Hope this helps.  Jay 
 Here is the latest copy of the Rockies forecast for the meeting today at 3:30pm CDT.  I am assuming the other guys will send you a copy of what they are presenting.  Jay 
 That will work just fine. 
 I have some ideas, if you want to hear them, about Susan and what I would like out of the eastern rockies assistant trader/cash trader.  I can e-mail you my thoughts or we can talk about them or both.  Let me know when you want to talk about this.  Jay 
 I am sorry to hear that.  I hope I did not wake you up this morning.  Try to lay on the couch and close your eyes at least.  Love me 
 I would like to have all sales of CIG Mainline next day physical gas to bridge over to Sitara under the following meter location:  CIG/Mainline/991764500  and all buys to  CIG/Mainline/UNA-516938  Please let me know what effects (if any) this will have on the bridging process, Sitara, and confirmations.  Thank you,  Jay Reitmeyer 713-853-3536 
 I have had a few people test the system.  It looks like it works very well except if you hit ENTER instead of TAB then the form will be submitted.  If that could be corrected so that you have to hit the SUBMIT button to submit, then I think it is ready to go.  Sorry it took so long for me to get back to you and thanks again for your hard work on this.  Jay 
 No I have bought nothing.  They must have the wrong card number. 
 I was kind of hoping that you would know that because I really don't know.  Last I heard I was an associate and I guess I could be labeled as Eastern Rockies Natural Gas Trader.  If you don't know, ask Mike to be sure.  Thanks,  Jay 
   Plus we are going to go over your Canadian Fundamentals packet.  Here is your timely notice.  Thanks,  Jay 
 It looks great.  I am gald you and Yan were able to get everything working.  I need to get with him on some Rockies maps now that he has this one done.  Again, great job.  Jay 
 I know how much i love you and how much i missed you and how much i want to be with you.  I am keeping my promise to you where Jennifer is concerned...but I want Denver to be whatever it turns out to be.  I don't want any plans or to hype it up or to try to cut it down.  I want it to naturally flow between two people that love each other and can be together.  I Love You 
 I need to take a few hours off Tuesday afternoon after lunch.  I have some family business to attend to.  I should only be gone 2 hours or so.  Susan will be here to handle EOL.  Let me know if you have a problem with this.  I know I need to be here, but this is something I have to take care of and this was the only time I could schedule it.  Thanks,  Jay 
 Anything new on the reservations? 
 I know you have been very busy so I wanted to send you a reminder about the reimbursement for me that we were dealing with before the move, and also the itinerary for my trip in mid-December.  Thanks and hope you are having a good day,  Jay 
 ok 
 I fixed the deals.  I was waiting for a new pricing i