 Billy,  We will try to make it to the party.  Right now its about 50/50 whether we will make it.  It we do not make it enjoy yourselves otherwise we will see you then.  Dick 
 Bill,  I already have the number for Mr. Osburn.  Thanks,  Richard 
 Kay,  Here is the information that we discussed.  I will work with you on this regarding renewable energy.  Richard 
 Chris,  I have reviewed the Confirmation Letter and have the following comments and/or questions: PREAMBLE PARAGRAPH ONE Company name should be Riverside County Waste Management Department.  PREAMBLE PARAGRAPH TWO There are various references to "this SC Agreement", which is not a defined term anywhere; should the reference to "this SC Agreement" really mean "this Confirmation Letter" or "this Master Agreement"?  ARTICLE 2 SECTION 2.1 has a reference to SCE1 which appears to be different that the reference to the Delivery Point, which is defined as SP-15? SECTION 2.2 has a reference to to Attachment 1and there is no Attachment 1. SECTION 2.4 (v) was deleted and SECTION 2.4 (vi) was renumbered as SECTION 2.4 (v). SECTIOM 2.4 (v) indicates that the Index Price shall be the Dow Jones Index NP-15; why is this the case when earlier in SECTION 2.1 the Delivery Point is defined as SP-15?  The last sentence indicates a name of "Hanson" which I believe should really be "RCWMD". SECTION 2.5 again has reference to "this SC Agreement", which I believe should be "this Confirmation Letter" or "this Master Agreement".  Also, there is a reference to "RCWMD's usage", shouldn't the terminology in the case of this contract be "production" and "deliveries"?  ARTICLE 3 SECTION 3.1 should have the following added to the beginning of the sentence "RCWMD". SECTION 3.2 again refers to terminology "energy deliveries and usage" which I believe should be "energy production and deliveries".  ARTICLE 4 SECTION 4.2 refers to "consumed" which I believe should be "delivered" or "produced". SECTION 4.5 has a reference to Attachment 2 and there is no Attachment 2.  There is again a reference to "receive" and "consume" which should probably be "deliver" and "consume". SECTIOM 4.7 refers to "Term Purchase", which is not a defined term, at least in the Confirmation Letter.  There is also a reference to Exhibit A and there is no Exhibit A; we previously referred to Attachments rather than Exhibits so we need to make sure that we are consistent.  ARTICLE 5 SECTION 5.1 contains language regarding Scheduling Coordination services, is this fee normal and did you intend for it to be included in this contract.  ARTICLE 6 SECTION 6.1 contains reference to "this SC Agreement", which I believe should be "this Confirmation Letter" or "this Master Agreement". SECTION 6.2 contains reference to "this Agreement", which I believe should be "this Confirmation Letter" or "this Master Agreement". SECTION 6.6 contains reference to "this Agreement", which I believe should be "this Confirmation Letter" or "this Master Agreement". SECTION 6.8 contains reference to "Schdule ____", which appears to be absent.  When you get this e-mail lets talk about the comments.  I would like to have a conference call with Riverside on Wednesday October 31st.  Regards,  Richard 
  Peggy,  Pursuant to our telephone conversation attached is the letter from Edward McKenna, ISO-NE, and a copy of the Protocal for the Initiation of Membership Termination Proceedings.  Richard 
 Stacey, =20 Elliot and I would like to discuss a few issues with you regarding the MS R= PS Comments.  What time do you think that you will have to discuss? =20 =20 <http://www.energy.ca.gov/renewables/documents/index.html#greenpower> =20 =20 =20 F-1:  Need to require tha