 Some of these are cute! 
 Hi!  I sent a message to the above address - please let me know if I need to do anything additional.    Thank You! 
 Hi!  Rod Banks at Mariner Energy, Inc. requested I send you a note to confirm that for the month of January, 2001,  Enron did not purchase any of Mariner's interest in Garden Banks 236.  Enron did have a nomination in place for 1MMBtu/d and was allocated 42MMBtu.  This nomination was an error.  Enron and Mariner would like to have this reallocated to Mariner's current purchaser.  Please call me at (713) 853 - 5775 if this would be a problem.     Thank you! 
 Hi!  I submitted the claim by mail earlier this week - this is the third claim in a row I have had to send more than once.  I have only submitted three in the last several years and have had problems with all of them.   Thanks for listening! 
 I resubmitted the claim by mail and have not heard anything  -  the service I have received from the customer service department in the last six months has been terrible - one delay after another  - lost claims.  It is very frustrating.  I will let you know when I get a response.   Thank you! 
 This is wonderful - thanks for the memories!  Love ya! 
 Beverly -  once again thanks so much for your help on this. 
 The deals should have been corrected in Sitara by now - if not please check with Beverly.  Thank You! 
 Hi!  The sitara deal # is 527410.  Hope this helps! 
 Sorry,   I changed the deal ticket to $10.50.    Thank You! 
 Thanks Victor! 
 Elizabeth,  Sorry it took me so long to respond to you - use the prices Altrade is indicating - I probably just wrote them down incorrectly.  I have found in past experiences with discrepencies that Altrade is usually correct and this is not a large amount in question.  Thank You! 
 Hi!  You must have ESP!  Last night I told Dick I needed to call  and see how you were and what you were doing for Christmas.  We have to work on the 26th (even though it's an ENE holiday) so we would have to come back on Christmas day if we went home.    We decided to stay in Houston.  I'm so glad you are going home but to tell the truth I feel like you do about traveling during the holidays.  Nothing new with us - just about finished decorating the house but sometimes I think I'll never get done.   I have not bought a thing for Dick yet - still do not know what to get him!  I guess I'll be one of those crazies out shopping on Christmas Eve.  We went home for Thanksgiving and I caught a cold that I'm just now getting over.  Will you be coming to Houston in the near future?  If you do you are more than welcome to stay with us while your here - we would love to have you!  Better go but let's meet like this more often!  Take care and have a very Merry Christmas! 
 To all,  If you would like to contribute towards a gift for Scott Neal and/or Kimberly Brown, please drop your contribution by my desk.  Would like to collect $20 for each but any amount would be appreciated.  I will take a check and would like to receive by Tuesday!  Thanks in advance! 
 Hi!  These sales to Torch are valid.  Accounting is going to correct.  If you do not see this happen soon - please let me know.    Thank You! 
 Hi!  Are we still on for dinner? 
 Hi!  Juniper is an Enron owned company that seeks and finds new wellhead production and sells it to ENA (in most cases).  The Koch Midstream gas  Joe nominates is on a lateral that can only be delivered into Tennessee Pipeline which is a East Desk Pipeline - I believe the Texas desk asked that we be respnsible for this volume.  I hope this helps!  Sorry it took so long to get  back to you! 
 Hi!  I gave his resume to Scott Neal.  He is going to look at it and pass it on to the appropriate people.  It looks like his backround includes more origination experience than trading.   Take care! 
 Thanks for the invite but we already have plans for the game.   Hope you have a good time and Nebraska wins! 
 Hi!  It's great to hear from you!  I am so happy you are back at Enron. I would love to go to dinner with you and Cindy and catch up.  It's hard for me to go to lunch these days due to EOL.  They bring lunch in everyday and we generally stay in to run our products.  Just let me know when & where you two can meet.  Maybe we can do it soon and  celebrate the upcoming  holiday season!  Take care!   Andy 
 This will make your day! 
 I think the kids would like this! 
 Thought you might like to see this! 
 Hi!  Sandra Brawner trades the Gas Daily Finantial products for the Gulf Coast.  She will be on vacation tomorrow and has asked me to run these products for her.  I need to be able to manage these products.  I can already manage the Henry Hub (Griff Gray set this up for me).  Please call if you have any questions.  Thanks for your help! 
 Hopefully this will cheer you ( just a little)! 
 Maybe this will help cheer you up - I know how much you love cats! 
 Hi!  I know your probably mad at me but I took vacation on Friday and could not get my husband interested in coming downtown ( I know your thinking yeah right)!  Scott said it was fun!  Just because I didn't make your party does not mean you are out of sight  -  out of mind!  I wish you much happiness and a very bright future.  Take care and come to see us often (we are still waiting).     Andy 
 Ignore my comment about being a one day deal!  Sorry! 
 Can you tell me anything more about the deal - date & price?  Hopefully I can help with additional information.  Is this a one day deal? 
 Hi!   How was your lunch with Dan?  I hope you had fun! Thanks for going with me to the YMCA - I can't wait untill we get into the routine we talked about. When do you want to start?  Next Monday?     Love You Much!!! 
 Hi!  How are you?  I wanted to call you this week-end but I had such a bad one that I never had time.  First, I made a mistake at work that caused several people to have to work extra time on Saturday so I was on the phone with them all day ( I felt bad).   Sunday we went to brunch at Pappasitos and I left my retainer wrapped in a napkin on the table  -  so it cost me $800.00 to replace - I was so mad at myself (you know how cheap I am).  I was off Monday & Tuesday and had four doctors appointments so that was fun.  I finally got my bookcases cleaned (there were spider webs all over them) and my Halloween decorations that Mom made me up