 Yeah right!  Nice try - Geek! 
 Rebecca: I was just talking to Fred Mitro and he says you have put together a couple of different models on coal.  Can you please send me those models, so I can get an idea on how you guys are looking at the analysis.  Thanks! Regards, Ben 
 I talked with Don Miller and Mitch Robinson and it seems that they have also covered your other concerns.  They were the ones who I contacted with your concerns regarding your demin water, tax abatement and electricity questions. Ben 
 Gus: Are you able to assistance me in answering #2.  I have already received Dave's comments.  Thanks Ben 
 Amy: Here are the answers to your questions. With regards to the air permit to construct application, Jinsung will send it to you by email today, if he hasn't already; The Petition for Alternate testing, has been sent to you; 3.     This is a one time report to the State's emergency planning committee, the local emergency response department, and the local fire department declaring the presence of sulfuric acid and lead in quantities greater than 500 lb and 10,000 lb, respectively.  These notifications are being mailed out today. 4.     We are in the process of tracking down the analytical data associated with the Lake Acquisition property and will hopefully have that to you later today.  I hope this helps and please give us a call if you have any more questions. Thanks! Ben 
 John: With regards to the Demin water system, there are no capitalized charges in these cost figures - everything is expensed.  With respects to the Electricity, there is a Demand Charge included in this numer, which makes up approximately 50% of the cost.  The rest is attributable to energy costs. These costs are levelized for the full 12 months of the year.  Please let me know if you have any other comments.  Thanks! Ben 
 Jane: This attachment now has a completed answer for question #4.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks! Ben 
 Wanted to see if you were around for lunch today.  Give me a call if your available. Ben (713) 853-7998 
 Here are the '01 O&M Budgets.  Let me know if you have any questions. Ben 
 John: We are trying to set up a meeting tomorrow to discuss the Wheatland switchyard issues.  We will have someone from legal, Mitch Robinson and Don Miller attending for Enron.  Please let me know what time works best for you for tomorrow morning.  Thanks! Ben Rogers (713) 853-7998 
 Guys, Just wanted to see if you had any of these reports or knew of their where abouts: Emmission profiles for the Westinghouse units; Application for permit to construct; and Sediment samples/radioactive analysis or metal analysis.  Thanks for your assistance with these documents. Ben 
 Here is the coal presentation. Ben 
 Jane: Just wanted to let you know that the Gleason SOP is on DealBench - Doc. # 04.01.09.  This was a question that I don't think we had previously answered.  Also, question #4 of this attachment, which I sent to you earlier today, will be answered tomorrow.  Here is also the '01 O&M Budgets.  Thanks! Ben 
 Fred: Could you take a stab at question 4 for us.  We have no idea on this one. Thanks Ben 
 Jinsung: These need to be posted in DB! Ben 
 John: Here is the '01 Operating Budget.  Please let me know if you have any more questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 I think you got this but here it is anyway. Ben 
 Ron: It looks like Jane has not received these questions.  Let me know where they are in terms of being answered.  Thanks! Ben 
 Jane: Here are some more questions.  I will talk to Ron Coker, who is responsible for the LV questions, to see where he is with those.  Thanks for the fast reply.  We will get this resolved today for you. Thanks! Ben 
 Jane: I believe we have already sent you the answers to these questions.  They were sent to Tom Irwin.  Here are some of them again.  The rest of the answers for the peakers will follow shortly - we are cleaning them up a little. Ben 
 John: Here are the answers to the questions you have sent us.  Please give us a call if you have any more questions. Ben 
 I fogot to tell you.  Enron would be interested in a coal project.  I will send you there presentation they have put together.  I will send via e-mail, so you will need to open up the document.  Let me run with this with Delainey and I will get back with you and Michael. Ben 
 Here are some more questions we have been working on.  Thanks for your help. Ben 
 I left out on our Attendees Memo, Stuart Zisman, Enron's In-House Council. Ben 
 Scott: Here are the Remote Control Operation Agreement Docs and the Interconnection Agreements with IPL.  Here are also the names of the attendees from our conference call.  We are working on pulling some other information for you guys, but please give us a call if you need anything else.  Thanks! Ben 
 Here are some more questions where we need your assistance.  These are regarding Wheatland.   Thanks Ben 
 Here are the Aquila questions - partially answered. If your not sending out tonight, I need to verify the $48,000 and clean up the answer for #4. Ben 
 Here are the answers to your latest questions.  Again, please give us a call if you have any more questions.  Thanks! Ben Rogers 
 Thanks for the call this morning and the e-mail today.  Megan and I are ging to dinner tonight and just a simple, relaxing weekend.  My last long run is going to be Saturday morning.  I am looking forward to running this year since I didn't last year.  I'll talk to you soon. Love, Ben 
 Please disregard the e-mail asking you to help answer the latest Aquila questions.  We got em! Thanks Ben 
 I wonder why???  Now you guys can be in the driven's seat with regards to them.  Ben 
 Gus: We answered this question before, but wanted to run it by you to make sure we were right.  Thanks Ben 
 One more question regarding all three plants for allegheny.  Thanks Ben 
 Here are new questions from Aquila regarding the Wheatland plant.  If you can help answer some of these questions, we would greatly appreciate it. Ben 
 Charlie: Sorry for the delay with the e-mail, I just got back into the office from traveling.  We are working hard to sell these assets before year-end - they're a beast.  This Friday does not look good for lunch, but I think Tuesday or Wednesday of next week works.  I hope this works for you as well. Talk to you soon. Regards, Ben 
 Tom: The data room will be open till Thursday, November 2nd.  Hope this helps. Ben 
 Let's shoot for early next week for lunch.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 Here are the answers to your additional questions.  Please give us a call if you have any more questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 Mike: Here are the answers to your questions.  Please give us a call if you have any more questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 Hey, This week is probably not a good week, but lets definately shoot for early next week. Ben 
 Was that your harse realities of life speech.  I thought you were aa optimist just like myself.  I belive I actually should get a lot of credit and not just contribution for this deal.  It's not often an Associate helps crate $200 MM of value.  Have you checked out how much snow B.C. has gotten recently and how much there about to get - its incredible.  This is going to be a great ski season. Ben 
 Your Welcome!!!  We have to get into the habit of doing that every year. Ben 
 Rick: Here are some questions we are working on where we need a little assistance. Check question 2.14 and any others.  Thanks! Ben 
 Jim: Here are some more questions regarding the Wheatland Plant.  Check questions 2.15 and 2.16.  Thanks Ben 
 Dave: Here are some more questions that we need your assistance with. Ben 
 We are trying to finish those today and probably will have them for you by the end of today.  We have had to tract down some additional environmental documents.  Please give us a call if you have any additional questions. Thanks! Ben 
 These are the questions that were sent to Allegheny: Ben 
 Fabian: Here are the answers to your questions.  Please give us a call if you have any more questions. Thanks! Ben 
 Here are the answers to your questions.  Please give us a call if you have any more questions.  Thanks Ben 
 More questions.  Most of them are already answered.  Thanks! Ben 
 Guys: Here are questions from LG&E regarding the peaker assets.  Some of these questions are tax related.  Please assist us in answering these questions. Thanks for your help. Ben 3-7998 
 Michael: If you can let me know when you have talked with Dave, that would be great. I am trying to talk with Don Miller and wanted to make sure that you had already talked with Dave.  Enron's PRC is going on and I am trying to get promoted to manager and this deal should enable me to do just that.  Thanks again for your comments to Dave. Ben 
 Susan: Here are the questions.  I am sending a rather large fax after this.  Please give me a call if you have any questions. Ben 
 Mitch: More questions on Lincoln.  These guys are only looking at Lincoln, so all of these should be just Lincoln questions.  Thanks again! Ben 
 Here are some more questions.  These guys are only bidding on Lincoln, so all of these should be just Lincoln questions.  Thanks again for your help with these. Ben 
 Gus: Here are some questions, where we need a little more information on.  Thanks! Ben 
 Mike: Here are the questions for the Lincoln Energy Center facility.  Please give us a call if you have any questions. Ben 
 Updated version of the Peco, rather Exelon, questions. Ben 
 More Questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 More Questions from Allegheny.  Thanks! Ben 
 Just wanted to say congratulations on the close.  I hope you had a good trip back to Cincy.  Again, I think that both companies are getting a very good deal, with you guys getting excellent assets at a very good price.  Hope to talk to you soon and I look forward to seeing the press release. Regards, Ben 
 More Questions! Ben 
 Here are more questions from Allegheny.  I broke these out based on the facilities. Thanks! Ben 
 3133 Buffalo Speedway Apt. # 8206 Houston, TX  77098 
 Thats exactly what you need is HELP!!! 
 Dana: That's fine.  Our guys will be at the plant when you get there.  Let me know if you have any additional questions or concerns.  Thanks! Ben 
 Jeff: Here is an e-mail from the guys at Aquila, who will be at the Wheatland site on Thursday.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 Hey Dan: It was good to see you the other day.  It's funny because I had tried to send you an e-mail, after talking to Andrew about the paper.  It's great eveything is going well.  I'm running the NYC Marathon in two weeks so my weekends are mostly about running, but after that I would like to get together for some golf.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 The water analysis that I sent you is for Gleason.  Over the weekend we put the other water analysis studies for the other plants on DealBench.  Please let me know if you have any other questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 Don: More questions from Allegheny from last night. Ben 
 Here are the 4 questions from Duke regarding the Lincoln site. Ben 
 Enjoy! Ben 
 Amy: If I could take the class beginning on November 18th, that would be great.  I think it would really help me get some problems I've been having worked out. Thanks again for taking the time to get back with me, I greatly appreciate it. Regards, Ben 
 Ashley: Thanks for sending this e-mail so quickly.  I would like to suggest a couple of changes to your resume just to "tighten" it up a little bit.  These are just minor changes that will make it look more consistent.  I also talked to a women who sits two seats down from me, who is a recruiter for another group.  She wanted to take a look at your resume once it was ready.  Let's try and talk about this later today or this weekend, so you can make these changes. Once we get things going internally, I know we can get you over here at Enron pretty quickly.  If I don't hear from you later today, please try me at home which is (713) 355-8738.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 Forgot to include these questions.  Thanks for the call this morning, your help is very much appreciated. Ben 
 Here are the Allegheny questions we just got tonight. Ben 
 Here are the questions from Allegheny regarding the Gleason plant.  We will try and answer these tomorrow, so please write down your answers to each question and fax back to me at (713) 646-8863.  Thanks for your help with these questions. Ben 
 Here are the questions from Allegheny regarding Gleason. Ben 
 Here are the DPL questions on Wheatland.  Please look at the environmental section to see what is relevant or needs to be answered.  Thanks! Ben 
 Here are the DPL questions.  Don and I are going through these questions this morning and talking with Ross  and Chris.  Thanks! Ben 
 Here are the questions and document requests from DPL.  Don and I are gong through them this morning and will give you guys a call later today for more info.  Thanks for your help with these. Ben 
 Thanks for the pics.  Very cute!!! Ben 
 Hey Ashley: Please give me a call at 713.853.7998, which is my work phone at Enron.  I look forward to talking to you about Enron. Regards, Ben 
 Hey Alli: I hadn't heard from you in a while and wanted to see how evergything was going.  Are you in David Cox's group and if so, how are things going?  Let me know if I can be of any assistance.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 Hey Dan: Just wanted to drop you a line.  I hadn't talked to you in quite some time and wanted to see how everything was going.  I had lunch today with my friend, Andrew Slocum, who I think you know.  He talked to his good friend Adam Wexslur (sp) and said things were going well with the paper.  He told me that everything seemed to be going great and that the paper has been out on print for a little while now.  It sounds great!  Please let me know how everything is going, because I think its awesome what your doing.  Hope to talk to you soon. Ben 
 Thanks for the quick reply.  I live within inside the loop on Buffalo Speedway near 59.  I think lunch next week sometime would be great.  I can come up to the Woodlands and we can meet up for lunch.  Let me check to see what day is best and I will send you an e-mail later today to confirm.  Hope that works and I'll talk to you soon. Ben 
 Sounds Good! 
 Charlie: It was a pleasure meeting you yesterday afternoon at the Columbia Business School information session.  As you probably noticed through my enthusiasm, I really enjoy working in the energy-finance industry, especially with Enron. Working in this sector, at this time, has created many new opportunities.  I am interested in talking with you to see if we can do some type of transaction with you guys.  It sounds like you have a lot going in areas that we might be interested in.  If you could send me a business proposal or summary of what your doing, that would be helpful. With regards to Columbia Business School, I applied last year and did not get in due to my GMAT score.  I decided to take a graduate level finance class this summer, which I received an A.  I am currently taking another graduate finance class this semester.  I am also retaking the GMAT, with the hopes of increasing my quantitative score. Last year, I was asked back for an interview, which I felt was a good sign. I heard from one of my recommenders that the only thing that I needed to improve on was my GMAT score.  Recently, I wrote a brief letter to the Dean of Admissions, Linda Meehan, informing her of my recent actions as well as my continued interest with Columbia.  I hope that these actions will help me get into Columbia this year.  My desire to go to Columbia, stems from their network, location, reputation and curriculum.  Since growing up in Pelham, it would be nice to get back to New York for a little while. As you can see, my desire to go to Columbia is very strong.  I hope this brief e-mail has provided some insight into what I'm doing to get into Columbia.  I hope we can meet for lunch sometime soon either up in the Woodlands or downtown.  Again, thank you for your interest and I look forward to talking with you about Columbia and future energy transactions. Regards,  Ben Rogers 
 I wanted to reply, even though I have called recently.  Work has slowed down a little bit, but will probably pick up in a week or two.  I have traded calls with Kara the past two days, so I haven't talked to her in some time. Anyway, I hope your figuring out where we should go for a trip this sping. We will have to know whether Megan and I need to work on our golf games or not.  We have been thinking maybe you guys are thinking about going to Ireland or England to play some of the old courses of this world.  Or maybe you have been thinking about going to Paris to visit the city of love. Anyway, these are just some of the thinks we have been thinking about.  Talk to you soon. Love Ben 
 Amy: Forgot to mention timing.  I can do nights and weekends, but mainly as much time with them as possible. Thanks Ben 
 Golf sounds like a great idea.  I will talk to meathead - "Brandon" about playing.  By the way, do you have Jason Staebels' address or phone number. Thanks Ben 
 Thanks for the reply.  I can understand your position.  I am looking more for a refresher course.  I am planning on taking it around mid December or as late as mid January.  I am beginning to start studying again on my own, but I wanted to get a little more help.  Thanks for your call! Ben 
 Hey: That sounds good.  How does Thursday work? Ben 
 Amy: I called a while back to get into the Enron class which you helped me get into and I just recently left you a message to take private sessions from the Princeton Review.  I have realized that I need  one on one  sessions to help me really prepare for the GMAT.  If you can point me in the right direction, I would greatly appreciate it.  I was looking to start sessions as soon as possible. Again, thanks for your help with this issue. Ben (713) 853-7998 
 Here is the schedule for the Lincoln plant and the confirms.  Please give me a call if you have any questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 Here is the schedule for the Wheatland plant and the confirms.  Please give me a call if you have any questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 Here is the schedule for the Gleason plant and the confirms.  Please give me a call if you have any questions.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is the schedule as well as the confirms.  Please let me know if you have any questions. Ben 
 This e-mail will confirm the site visit by your company at the three plants. The relevant information is as follows:      Pursuant to the Site Visit Procedures sent you by CSFB, if you have not already done so, please send me the following: List of your team members and titles For outside consultants, state their employer Name, phone number (office and mobile) and e-mail address of your designated deal team leader  Lastly, I will serve as the due diligence coordinator for the three plants, handling all questions and responses.  Should you have any due diligence questions or require copies of any oversized documents, please contact me at 713.853.7998. Regards, Ben 
 Good Morning! Wanted to see how this quarters earnings report was going to look like.  Many of analyst are reporting that its going to be around $.57 for the qtr.  Hope you guys beat that estimate.  By the way, how did that deal go that you were working on with the company down here?  I saw that Convergent was bought by an independent oil and gas company from Houston.  It's up big today.  Hope all is going well and that you might give me a call before the end of the year.  Thanks! Ben 
 Mitch: Just wanted to talk to you for a quick second about something we talked about this week.  Please give me a call and I'll come down. Ben 
 Thanks 
 I wanted to send out an e-mail to everyone who is involved with the site visits.  We started the site visits this past Friday with a company going to Wheatland.  The site visits will begin tomorrow and run through the the 27th of Ocotber.  Here is the schedule for this weeks site visits:  Dave Kristich will be covering Gleason from tonight/tomorrow morning till Friday afternoon (17th-20th)  Ross and Fred will be covering Lincoln from Tuesday night to Friday afternoon ( 18th-20th)  Chris and Jeff will be covering Wheatland from tonight through Friday afternnon (17th-20th)  If you have any conflicts with this schedule for this week, please let me know as soon as possible so I can arrange someone else to cover for you.  Next week, the Gleason and Wheatland plants will have a company visiting the sites everyday and for Lincoln, Wednesday and Thursday are currently booked, so please plan accordingly to be at the site during that time period. Currently, these dates are NOT subject to change, but we are still waiting to hear from two more companies.  I will let you know ASAP when they call and confirm their times to visit the sites. Please give me a call if you have any questions or need anymore information. Again, thank you for all your help with the site visits.  Regards, Ben 
 These dates and times are confirmed.  Please let me know if you have any additional questions.  Thanks! Ben Rogers 
 This e-mail will confirm the site visit by your company at all three plants. The relevant information is as follows:    Pursuant to the Site Visit Procedures sent you by CSFB, if you have not already done so, please send me the following: List of your team members and titles For outside consultants, state their employer Name, phone number (office and mobile) and e-mail address of your designated deal team leader  Lastly, I will serve as the due diligence coordinator for all three plants, handling all questions and responses.  Should you have any due diligence questions or require copies of any oversized documents, please contact me at 713.853.7998.  Ben Rogers 
 This e-mail will confirm the site visit by your company at Gleason and Wheatland.  The relevant information is as follows:    Pursuant to the Site Visit Procedures sent you by CSFB, if you have not already done so, please send me the following: List of your team members and titles For outside consultants, state their employer Name, phone number (office and mobile) and e-mail address of your designated deal team leader  Lastly, I will serve as the due diligence coordinator for Gleason and Wheatland, handling all questions and responses.  Should you have any due diligence questions or require copies of any oversized documents, please contact me at 713.853.7998.  Ben Rogers 
 Guys:  Here is the confirm that I send out to each company and to the guys who are covering the sites from our side.  Thanks Ben 
 Lou: I received a call from Aquila this morning for a site visit, so their all set.  Thanks! Ben 
 Lou: Here is the list of companies that have not called us yet to visit the sites. Peakers: Aquila, Peco, Dynegy, PSEG LV:   AES, AEP, NRG, Peco Pastoria: AES, AEP, Dynegy, NRG  If you could call these companies and remind them that tomorrow is the last day to sign up for site visits, I would appreciate it. Ben 
 Lipp:  This e-mail will confirm the site visit by your company at Gleason and Wheatland.  The relevant information is as follows:    Pursuant to the Site Visit Procedures sent you by CSFB, if you have not already done so, please send me the following: List of your team members and titles For outside consultants, state their employer Name, phone number (office and mobile) and e-mail address of your designated deal team leader  Lastly, I will serve as the due diligence coordinator for Gleason and Wheatland, handling all questions and responses.  Should you have any due diligence questions or require copies of any oversized documents, please contact me at 713.853.7998.  Regards, Ben 
 Here at last are the 00's. 
 Flip:  This e-mail will confirm the site visit by your company at Gleason and Wheatland.  The relevant information is as follows:   Pursuant to the Site Visit Procedures sent you by CSFB, if you have not already done so, please send me the following: List of your team members and titles For outside consultants, state their employer Name, phone number (office and mobile) and e-mail address of your designated deal team leader  Lastly, I will serve as the due diligence coordinator for Gleason and Wheatland, handling all questions and responses.  Should you have any due diligence questions or require copies of any oversized documents, please contact me at 713.853.7998.  Regards, Ben 
 What number did you send it to.  I hope it was 713.646.8863.  If not let me know what number and where and I'll go get it. Thanks Ben 
 Peter:  This e-mail will confirm the site visit by your company at the three plants. The relevant information is as follows:     Pursuant to the Site Visit Procedures sent you by CSFB, if you have not already done so, please send me the following: List of your team members and titles For outside consultants, state their employer Name, phone number (office and mobile) and e-mail address of your designated deal team leader  Lastly, I will serve as the due diligence coordinator for the three plants, handling all questions and responses.  Should you have any due diligence questions or require copies of any oversized documents, please contact me at 713.853.7998.  Regards, Ben 
 David:  This e-mail will confirm the site visit by your company at Wheatland and Gleason.  The relevant information is as follows:    Pursuant to the Site Visit Procedures sent you by CSFB, if you have not already done so, please send me the following: List of your team members and titles For outside consultants, state their employer Name, phone number (office and mobile) and e-mail address of your designated deal team leader  Lastly, I will serve as the due diligence coordinator for Wheatland and Gleason, handling all questions and responses.  Should you have any due diligence questions or require copies of any oversized documents, please contact me at 713.853.7998.  Regards, Ben Rogers 
 Here are the 3 99's that can be posted on to dealbench. Ben 
 Tom:  This e-mail will confirm the site visit by your company at Wheatland, Lincoln and Gleason.  The relevant information is as follows:     Pursuant to the Site Visit Procedures sent you by CSFB, if you have not already done so, please send me the following: List of your team members and titles For outside consultants, state their employer Name, phone number (office and mobile) and e-mail address of your designated deal team leader  Lastly, I will serve as the due diligence coordinator for the three plants, handling all questions and responses.  Should you have any due diligence questions or require copies of any oversized documents, please contact me at 713.853.7998.  Regards, Ben 
 Joe:  This e-mail will confirm the site visit by your company at Gleason and Lincoln.  The relevant information is as follows:     Pursuant to the Site Visit Procedures sent you by CSFB, if you have not already done so, please send me the following: List of your team members and titles For outside consultants, state their employer Name, phone number (office and mobile) and e-mail address of your designated deal team leader  Lastly, I will serve as the due diligence coordinator for Gleason and Lincoln, handling all questions and responses.  Should you have any due diligence questions or require copies of any oversized documents, please contact me at 713.853.7998. 
 Susan:  This e-mail will confirm the site visit by your company at Wheatland.  The relevant information is as follows:    Pursuant to the Site Visit Procedures sent you by CSFB, if you have not already done so, please send me the following: List of your team members and titles For outside consultants, state their employer Name, phone number (office and mobile) and e-mail address of your designated deal team leader  Lastly, I will serve as the due diligence coordinator for Wheatland, handling all questions and responses.  Should you have any due diligence questions or require copies of any oversized documents, please contact me at 713.853-7998. 
 Count me in for picking up the beer.  I think that time and place are good for me.  All we need is Hilgert to get the nod.  See ya Ben 
 Hey Mike: Marlon and Marissa's wedding was alot of fun.  Megan and I sat at the married table, which had Pete and Amy Fullem, Kit and her husband, Marc, Sammy and her husband, Jon and Dana Corpina, Dana Schuster and her husband - so as you can see it was pretty interesting.  The other table was Mike, OB, Choby, Tina, and Patty Donahue.  Mike, OB, Choby, Patty, Megan and I took a limo from the city to the wedding and had the limo tell 12:00, then went out till 5:00am.  I love going to that evil city, but I love leaving it even better. Overall, it was fun and seems like everyone is doing well.  Dana and Jon just had their baby, its a girl.  I also ended up seeing Alan Waugh and Tim Hurley.  Hurley has gained about 200 pounds - the man is huge.  Anyway, I hope all is well and I'll talk to you soon. Ben 
 I will be attending the Columbia Business School session this Monday in Houston.  Thank you for the invitation. Ben Rogers 
 Shelly: I received your e-mail regarding this years Super Saturday's.  I am currently an Associate, but as an Analyst I participated in a couple of Super Saturday's, but haven't done any in a little while, so I wanted to offer up my services.  Please let me know if there is anything I can do, because I'll be more than happy to help out again.  Thanks! Ben 
 Jim: Pat Cathers was going to call you to have you send me e-mail or fax the spare parts list if you haven't done so all ready.  Thanks Ben 713-853-7998 
 Roger: Something has happen to the disk and we are trying to have systems look into it.  Just let Stuart now this and he'll understand.  Thanks Ben 
 Robbie: I was in your class that you taught for the Princeton Review at Enron just recently.  What I'm looking for is a private Math tutor.  I wasn't sure if I had to go through the Princeton Review or if I could talk directly to you.  I liked the way you taught the class and wanted to see if you taught one on one sessions. If you could let me know, I would appreciate it.  Thanks!  Ben Rogers (713) 853-7998 
 I am putting together that right now.  Thanks Ben 
 Just wanted to give everyone a update on where we were with all the site visits to the plants.  As you already know, site visits begin this Thursday and runs through the 27th of October, so its a pretty tight schedule.  In terms of who will be specifically covering which plants, this is the following: Gleason will be Dave Kristich; Lincoln will be Fred Mitro; and Wheatland will be Ross Newlin.  These guys will cover the site visits the next two weeks, but everyone else may be asked to fill in for them if needed. While on the site visit, please make sure that the companies do not take any pictures and they are only allowed to talk to you or the plant manager. Most of the companies will probably be there for only a couple of hours per day. I hope all of this is clear and if you have any questions about scheduling please give me a call.  Again, thank you for your help with these issues. Regards,  Ben 
 Booze, blackjack and bitches!!!  What a way to go!!! 
 This e-mail will confirm the site visit by your company at The Wheatland Plant.  The relevant information is as follows:     Pursuant to the Site Visit Procedures sent you by CSFB, if you have not already done so, please send me the following: List of your team members and titles For outside consultants, state their employer Name, phone number (office and mobile) and e-mail address of your designated deal team leader  Please give me a call if you have any questions.  The other confirmations for the other sites will follow shortly.  Thanks! Regards,  Ben Rogers 
 Barbara: If you could send me a list of people and their cell phone numbers who are going to the sites as well as exact times that you will be there, I would appreciate it.  Please let me know if you have any other questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 Here are the separate management presentations as well as the round 2 form letter. Ben 
 Barbara: Thanks for your request.  Those dates are good for you to visit the plants. If you could e-mail a list of the names visiting the site and I will do the same for you.  Please let me know the exact times that the teams will be visiting the plants.  Thanks! Ben Rogers (713) 853-7998 
 Michael: Duke is presenting their final bid this Sunday, so I think its even more important to get the PSA signed by tomorrow, so that there is no chance to try and retrade the deal.  I don't know how things ended up yesterday, but I think things need to come together very fast. Ben 
 Chris: Here is the confidentiality agreement we used to send out to all the bidders.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks!  Ben 
 Don: This is the latest presentation. Ben 
 Pam: The presentation I sen you yesterday needs to be broken up into three different presentations.  You can see that there is a cover page for each presentation.  The first presentation is from page 1 to 18; second presentation is from 19 to 36; and the third presentation is from 37 to 55. Please give me a call idf you have any questions. Thanks Ben 
 Pam: Here is the latest version of the presentation.  Let me know when you are going to download the presentation into the system.  Thanks Ben 
 Dad: The industry is getting beat up a little bit, but I hope this isn't slowing you guys down at all.  I talked with Mike M the yesterday, he said that his meetings with you guys seem to go well.  I think that doing that deal would be quite beneficial to both companies over all strategies, regarding power, gas and cash flow.  Megan and I will be in NYC this weekend for a wedding.  I would like to talk to you pretty soon anout a couple of things.  I have decided to stay at Enron at least till this project is over, which will be early next year.  The more experience I have with another company, like Enron the better.  I am also going to reapply to just The Texas Business School. Things are going well with my communication with them this year.  I have already talked to one of their professors that I talked to last year and have gotten an e-mail from the director of the admissions program.  The both feel I have and are currently doing the right things to get into the school next year.  So things are going well so far.  I am contining with my other class and going to take the GMAT one more time. I have said a little more than I would have liked but I just wanted to give you the laod down of what I have been thinking. Regards, Ben 
 Thanks for your quick reply.  With regards to the classes, I looked into U of H for summer classes and they did not provide graduate level summer classes.  The only school that provided graduate level summer classes was the University of St. Thomas.  It would have been nice to take these classes at U of H, because our Chairman and CEO and my recommender to The Texas Business School, Ken Lay, received his PhD from there. Thanks again for your response and advice and hope all is going well.  Regards, Ben 
 Thanks! 
 I will do that first thing on Thursday.  I will call you with the results. Ben 
 Pam: Per your discussions with Don Miller.  Here are the presentations we used in this afternon's recording.  One is the actual presentation, which will go online.  The other are the sales points that Mike Miller used to go through, which does not go online.  Hope this helps.  Thanks Ben 
 There will be a meeting to discuss the plant visits at 1:00 pm Today!  The room is EB 3125B.  Please let Don Miller know if you won't be able to make it.  Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 Dr. Harris: I hope you had an enjoyable summer and it did not go too quickly, as I felt mine did.  I wanted to let you know that I am still very much interested in attending the Business School. I took your advice this summer and took a graduate level finance class (Financial Management), which I received an A.  I was very pleased with myself, because I had not taken this type of class in quite some time.  I have also decided to take another graduate level finance class (Macroeconomics), which I am currently taking. I also sent my information regarding my learning disability into GMAC to try and receive a "special testing status" for the GMAT.   I am currently waiting to hear back from them with their decision.  When I hear back from GMAC, I am planning on re-taking the GMAT to try and increase my score. As you can see, I am still very much interested in attending the Business School for next year and I'm in the process of doing whatever I can to increase my application profile. Please let me know if there is anything else you think I need to do to enhance my application profile.   Again, I hope all is going well and I look forward to hearing from you soon.  Regards,  Ben Rogers  Associate (713) 853 -7998 Enron Corp. 
 Dale: I will be sending you the CA's some time this morning.  I needed to wait till we had our conference with the investment bankers, CSFB, to know which companies were going to the second round.  I did not want to send you the CA's of companies that were not going on to the second round.  Please give me a call if you have any questions. Ben 
 Well, I am.  It's like this everynight.  I thought that you guys going back to Bermuda would be fun.  I hope Kara finds a way to battle the problem she has.  I tough for me to imagine what kind of place she's in right now.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 Yes you have passed the test - Congratualations.  We have been working very hard on our sale and wanted to let you know that your guys came back with a very good bid.  We will inform you probably this afternoon or tomorrow that you will be making the short list.   We will probably have a short list of about 5-7 companies.   You guys are in the top three! I think you guys have a very good chance at getting these plants, which I think is an excellent opportunity.  Hope all is going well and your other talks are going in the right direction.  On a side note, from what I've heard from my parents in Boston, Kara seems to be doing pretty poorly.  She is clearly going through some very difficult times.  Talk to you soon. Love, Ben 
 This is a test to see if you are checking your e-mail these days.  I have a feeling that you have not been, due to your board presentation last week. Mike M. tells me he will be up there today - hope that goes well for you guys.  I really think there could be something there.  Please give me a call sometime soon.  Things are going well here and we have been quite busy.  Give me a call sometime.  The number is (713) 853-7998. See ya! Ben 
 Professor Titman: I hope you had an enjoyable summer and it didn't go too quickly.   I hope you remember who I am from last years application process.  I enjoyed meeting you last year and talking with  you regarding the curriculum and admissions process.  I wanted to let you know that I am still very much interested in attending the Business School. I took your advice this summer and took a graduate level finance class (Financial Management), which I received an A.  I was very pleased with myself, because I had not taken this type of class in quite some time.  I have decided to take another graduate level finance class (Macroeconomics), which I am currently taking and runs through December. I also sent my information regarding my learning disability into GMAC to try and receive a "special testing status" for the GMAT.   I am currently waiting to hear back from them with their decision. As you can see, I am still very much interested in attending the Business School for next year and I'm in the process of doing whatever I can to increase my application profile.  I am also sending an e-mail to Carl Harris, who heads up the admissions process  to inform him of these recent developments. Please let me know if there is anything else you think I need to do to enhance my application profile.   Again, I hope all is going well and I look forward to hearing from you soon  Regards,  Ben Rogers Enron Corp.  P.S. David Martin says hello! 
 Here are the files from Wheatland and Brownsville in dealbench that have some issues. Wheatland: All of  01.01 General -     Issues: Missing in Dealbench; Potential reason: Very large file 01.02.16 Umbrella Title Insurance Issues: Missing in Dealbench; Potential reason: Unclear 01.02.19.02 A Index of Closing...  Issues: Missing in Dealbench; Potential reason: Unclear- needs to be moved over from livelink 01.03 Equipment Contracts   Issues: Missing in Dealbench; Potential reason: Westinghouse contract - haven't received consent and very large file 02.03.13 Indiana Utility Reg...  Issues: Missing in Dealbench; Potential reason: Unclear - needs to be moved over from livelink 02.03.15 A Erosion & sedimentation... Issues: Missing in Dealbench; Potential reason: very large file 02.03.15 B Erosion ....   Issues: Missing in Dealbench; Potential reason: very large file 02.07 Consultants...    Issues: Misspelled in Dealbench; Change "Cunergy" to Cinergy 04.01 Performance test data...  Issues: Missing in Dealbench; Potential reason: Very large file  Brownsville: 01.01 General...    Issues: Missing in Dealbench; Potential reason: Very large file 01.02.17 Land Option Agreements  Issues: Missing in Dealbench: Potential reason: Very large file 01.02.19 Land Lease Agreements  Issues: Missing in Dealbench: Potential reason: Unclear - Needs to be moved over from Livelink 01.03 Equipment Contracts   Issues: Missing in Dealbench: Potential reason: Very larg file 01.03 .01 A and B Same as above 01.03.01.02 Same as above 01.03.02 Westinghouse Proposals...  Issues: Missing in Dealbench; Potential reason: Have not received consents yet 02.01.03 Air Permit Notifications:  Issues: Missing in Dealbench: Potential reason: Very large file 02.01.04 A...     Issues: Missing in Dealbench: Potential reason: Very large file 02.06.09 Site Surveys & Maps  Issues: Needs to be named in Dealbench 04.01 Performance Tests...   Issues: Missing in Dealbench; Potential reason: Very large files 04.01.06  Stack Compliance...  Issues: Missing in Dealbench: Potential reason: Unclear - Missing in livelink as well, need to research 04.01.08 Fuel Flow:    Issues: Make sure that this is in Caledonia as well b/c this file referneces Caledonia as well  Let me know if you need to see the physical indicies for any further explanations. Ben 
 Good to hear from you.  Yes, it was a wonderful weekend to work all weekend. Were very busy at work and will continue to be so through the rest of the year.  It is very upsetting to hear about Kara.  Seems like she has a long way to go to recovery, but I'm optimistic that she can get to where she needs to be.  I talked to her Sunday morning.  She seemed upbeat.  I hope the place she is staying at is giving her a glance at how bad it could be so that its kind of a wake up call.  Let me know how Megan and I can help.  Megan is going to get this really good book on Manic Depression.  Hope we can talk about this soon. Love, Your Son 
 Sorry to hear that.  I called Patty again to ask her brother if he knew anybody running the marathon.  I also called Megan's sister, Deirdre to see if she knows of anyone not going to run, but signed up.  I hope this helps. It would great for you to be in it, running it. Ben 
 Thanks, C B 
 Cliff: Do you have Dierdre's address in NYC.  Megan and I are staying there next weekend and are getting picked up at the airport and need to tell the driver where were going.  How is everything going?  Slow down the traveling yet? Make sure you include yourself in the Turkey Run on Thanksgiving in Chicago. Talk to you soon. Ben 
 Here is the latest version of the presentation. Ben 
 Omar: Here is the final version of the Pastoria Facility. Ben 
 Dave: Just wanted to remind you about the call I received from Paul Cavicchi with Tractebel.  He was calling to ask about an extention to the bidding on the assets.  I basically said that there are no extentions except for bids that are strong bids that come in on Monday or Tuesday of next week.  He sounded a little disappointed that they got the book so late, but still seemed interested in the assets.  Hope this helps. Ben 
 Squeeze in some golf or bet on the horns -  I sure we can find some "other" activities to keep you, I mean us, out of trouble. Ben 
 Here is the latest version of the management presentation.  We are contining to update and fill in the holes.  Please give myself or Don a call if you have any questions.  Thanks Ben 
 Guys: Don Miller and I would like to set some time up with you, today if possible, to talk about state and local tax issues for the 2000 peakers.  I will talk with Don about a good time to meet and let you know.  But let me know what is a good time for you this afternoon.  Thanks for your time. Ben 3-7998 
 Here you go!  Again, good to hear from you. Ben 
 Michael: Just wanted to let you know that I just talked to Don Miller, the lead guy from our side, regarding a different matter, but he mentioned to me that things seemed to be not going so well in the PSA discussions.  I didn't have time to see what the issues were, but I will when he calls back.  As you already know, these assets are yours to lose and I would hate to see you guys lose these assets to legal issues.  I know we both can come to some middle ground before people lose their patience.  My only advice, for what its worth, is to keep talking with Delainey and to make sure the lawyers don't run away with the issues and forget whats at stake on the commercial side. Hope this helps. Ben 
 Here is the our version of the Confidentiality Agreement.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Also, I talked to Scott Chambers and he said that he recently talked to you and sent you some information.  Hope it helped. Ben 
 Eric: I got a call from David Martin looking from Jason Staebels phone number.  Do you have it or do you know who does?  Thanks Ben 
 It wasn't like I was neglecting you.  You must understand that e-mail is faster than sending a letter and its slower than calling someone, but there is not always an immediate return.  Some people are lazy with returning e-mail.  It has been really busy here.  We are working long hours and this project is trying to close by the end of the year.  It's a $1 Billion project, so it takes alot of work.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 I know how e-mail is suppose to work, but its been so crazy here that I haven't even been able to do that.  We were here last night till 10:00 and it looks to be the same tonight and potentially for the rest of the year.  This project is going to kill me.  I glad to see that you are active on the net. I'll keep in touch a little better. Love Ben 
 I talked with Theresa Voss about the insurance on the peakers and she said that they have been making payments on the peakers and that this "billing separately plan" on the peakers will last until March of 2001.  At that point, an umbrella plan will cover the turbines.  Regarding the balance sheet, they have been accounting for it under prepaid insurance and have been amortizing it each month as its been paid.  Let me know if you need anything else. Ben 
 Thanks for the info.  We found the org charts. Ben 
 Everyone: Attached is the list of the preliminary Allegheny/Enron transition team members for the 2000 Peaker assets.  If you think you should not be on it or that someone else is better suited for the task then please let me know. Please check over the information to make sure everything is correct.  We are trying to plan for a kick-off meeting with Allegheny within the next couple of weeks.  Thanks for your assistance with this very important project. Regards,  Ben Rogers 3-7998 
 James: Just wanted to let you know that we sent out 2 books to Tractebel Power, Inc. today. Ben 
 Jon: Here are the safety record files for the peakers.  Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks! Ben 
 Jon: Here is the first of six e-mails regarding the inventories of the peakers. Regarding, the output and heat rates on the turbines, we copied for you the performance tests, which should have summary information on the output and heat rates at the end of each of the performance tests.  Please let me know if you do not find them.  Thanks! Ben 
 Scott: Regarding the NOV issues, please refer to DealBench document 02.05.06.02 A, which will have the correspondance letters regarding these issues.  Please give me a call if you have any additional questions. Thanks! Regards, Ben Rogers (713) 853-7998 
 Stuart: These are the questions we have answered for them.  Please review and make sure that they are in accordance with ENA's information policies.  We are sending this out to them today.  Thanks Ben 
 I know this is short notice. but are you able to meet with Mike M and Don M for a couple of minutes regarding the Ameren questions that I sent you at 11:00.  Please let me know. Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 Mitch: Here are the questions for Ameren.  I wanted to incorporate your comments before we sent them out today, so if you could comment on some of these questions that would be very helpful.  Thanks Ben 
 Here are the questions for Ameren that we are sending out today.  I wanted to make sure that we incorporated some of your comments before we sent it to them.  If you could please add your comments some time this morning, that would be great.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is the latest version of the management presentation.  Lets talk about it when we all get in on Monday. Ben 
 Just a couple of fun games for you! Ben 
 Here are the additional questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 Guys: Here are some questions from PG&E via CSFB.  I will be sending another set of questions shortly.  Please let me know how you would like to handle these questions going forward.  Talk to you soon. Ben (713) 853-7998 
 Dan: Here are the questions some of your guys sent us yesterday.  I recently faxed you pages which state the amount of the Enron Guarantees, which are mentioned in these questions.  Please give myself or Don Miller a call if you have any additional questions.  Thank you! Ben 
 Here is the presentation for LC Cogen. Ben 
 Don: I put in a call to Kinder/Morgan this morning.  I have not heard back from Anthony Lannie, who will be heading up this process for them.  Again, I think they will be interested, but probably through a joint bid with Southern.    I will continue to follow up with these guys to measure there interest. Ben 
 Here are the names at Calpine to send 1 book each to:  Ron Walters Calpine Corp. 50 West San Fernando Street San Jose, CA 95113  John King Calpine- Western Office 6700 Koll Center Park  Suite 200 Pleasanton, CA  94566  Steve Snow Calpine - Central Office 700 Louisiana Street Suite 2700 Houston, TX  77002  Bill  Siderewicz Calpine - Eastern Office The Pilot House, 2nd Floor Louis Wharf Boston, MA  02110 
 Data room will be, for now, in room EB 2180 and the phone number is (713) 345-3761. Thanks Ben 
 Here is Pastoria for now!    Thanks 
 James: Please send out 2 books to Enron's Canada office:  Attn: Jan Wilson ENA-Canada 70 York Street Suite 1100 Toronto, Ontario M5J1S9  (416) 865-3704 Ph.  Thanks! Ben 
 They will be on the way.  We had to make some changes. Ben 
 Here are the indices.  Give me a call if you have any questions. Thanks Ben 
 Yes, I will get them together and send them to you. Ben 
 Please send out 2 books to TECO.  Thanks Ben 
 Rogers: Just wanted to meet up tomorrow for a few minutes to discuss some trading opportunities.  I think you said tomorrow at 3:30 pm would work for you. Thanks! Ben 3-7998 
 Your type of article! 
 Please send 2 books to Duke Energy, to Steven Schaefer and 2 books to Newport Generation at this address, with attention to Larry Folks  Larry Folks EVP & CFO Newport Generation 4 Park Plaza, Suite 450 Irvine, CA  92614  As of this e-mail, had not heard back from Dominion or TECO from the call I placed this mornng. Ben 
 Please send out 2 books to MEGA at the following address:  Steve Eckert Merchant Energy Group of the Americas, Inc. 151 West Street, Suite 300 Annapolis, MD.  21401  Thanks! Ben 
 I think want you mean is M.A. which is short for MaryAnne.  We have always called my step-mom by the initials.  In business years ago she was known has MaryAnne.  Hope this helps! 
 Yes I did!  Mr. & Mrs. James Rogers 6 Noel Lane Cincinnati, OH  45243 
 Sounds great!  I think Chicago will be a pretty good time.  Talk to you soon about it. Ben 
 There is an amendment to the TVA Interconnection Agreement in the due diligence files that is not signed by TVA.  Was one ever signed?  Please advise ASAP.  Zisman 
 I am sending out by fax signed CA's by Enron to MEGA, Dominion and Teco to be signed by them.  They should all be signed probably by Monday night.  We now have an executed CA with Avista, so please send out two books to them ASAP. Thanks! Ben 
 In you pants!!! 
 Eric: Am I able to send this 3 page summary out to potential buyers?  Wanted to make sure it was ok before I sent it out.  Thanks Ben 
 Luke: How are ya?  How is the DC area these days?  Houston is still fucking hot and Enron is still doing well and the price is still screaming so things are good.  In response to your inquiry regarding Homecoming.  Megan and I are actually, if you can believe it, going to Marlon and Marissa's wedding the first weekend in October in NJ.  Also, OB, Chobu, Mike, Corpina and Danny, Patty D, Sammy, Amy, etc. are going as well - should be interesting.  I haven't seen some of those people for quite awhile.  I was trying to set something up, but that came up as well as I'm running in this year's NYC Marathon, which is the first Sunday in Novemebr, so trying to arrange something became even harder.  I still want to get together with you guys, but trying to figure out when and where.  Suggestions are welcomed.  Hope all is going well and talk to you soon. Ben  (713) 853-7998 Office Ph. 
 Here are the questions for Duke regarding 99's.  Please check over and give me a call if you have any questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 Hey Mike: You won't believe whose wedding Megan and I are going to in early Oct. - Marlon and Marissa's.  As well as OB, Choby, Mike and like Patty Donahue, Sammy, Amy, etc.  It should be pretty interesting to say the least.  I am also running in this year's NYC Marathon which falls on the first Sunday in November.  So trying to get to the east coast for a third time has been tough to arrange.  How was Patty's wedding -it looked like alot of fun.  I still want to meet up with you guys somewhere, but I'm just not sure where at this point - I still think DC.  Let me know what you think. Ben 
 James or Rishi: Please send out the books for Sempra, PPL Global, and NRG.  We have executed signed CA's with them and are ready t go out.  Thanks Ben 
 Just wanted to let you know that I sent out the teaser letter and CA to Tractebel today. Ben 
 Please send out AES Corp books today to Glen Davis.  Please give me a call if you have any questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 Iaia: How the hell are ya?  Wanted to drop you a line and see how you were doing and let you know that Brandon and I continued the tradition and went to the DMB concert last night.  Must say that it wasn't the same as being with you in a limo, but we still had fun.  Wanted to get your number up there, b/c I will be up in Chicago for Thanksgiving and was hoping to meet you in Chicago then.  Gotta run, but I hope all is going well and I'll talk to you soon. Ben 
 James or Rishi: Please send out books to CalEnergy tonight.  We are still waiting for some others from legal, so I think that is the only one that will go out tonight. Please update the list and send it down to me. Thanks Ben 
 David: Here are some more EDR files. Ben 
 Mike: Here is the resume I told you about.  Also, if you could have another talk with Brandon, I think that he may still be interested in a position.  Thanks!  Ben 
 This is what I sent to CSFB tonight. Ben 
 James & Rishi: We also received two other completed CA's tonight.  You can send the books out tomorrow for these if its too late.  The companies are Edison Mission and Ida-West Energy.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks Ben  Total Tonight: Caithness LG&E PG&E National Energy Group (Thomas Favinger) Edision Mission (Maybe tonight, if not tomorow) Ida-West Energy (Maybe tonight, if not tomorrow) 
 James: I talked with Thomas Favinger and Tom Boren is the CEO of PG&E, which is not the best guy to send the books to.  The better person is Thomas Favinger and his address is:  Thomas Favinger PG&E National Energy Group 7500 Old Georgetown Road Bethesda, Maryland 20814  Phone: (301) 280-6231 Fax: (301) 280-6911  National Energy Group is the sub of PG&E. So please send out 2 books to Thomas tonight.  Thanks! Ben 
 Please forward this e-mail to James Heckler.  Thanks Ben 
 Rishi: We are not going to send back this investor list anymore.  I am going to send both you and James an update each night that we send something out, but only you guys make changes to the Investor List.  Also make sure that you still send the signed CA down to us even if there are not any changes to the CA, we need to have our legal team go through it first.  Thanks! Ben 
 Here is the latest contact list.  I added a couple of names to the list. Please makes comments based off today's new CA's and send back to me - thanks. Ben 
 Here is the latest investor list.  Please update and send back.  Thanks Ben 
 Wanted to let you know that I FedEx the tickets to you today to the address you gave me.  You will get them tomorrow.  Please let me know how everything goes.  See ya! Ben 
 Poor Bobby!  What a way to go out.  I actually do feel sorry for the guy.  He should have gone out on better terms, but now some people will think of him only in this context. Ben 
 David: Here are the last of the EDR files. Ben 
 Here is the latest version.  Please check your latest version and what you have sent out recently to make sure everything fits.  Thanks Ben 
 Latest version as of last night. 
 Here is the information you need: - brogers - benjamin.rogers@enron.com - 3-7998  Thanks and let me know if you need anything else. Ben 
 yes and I'm all set Thanks 
 Can you please send me Ida-West's fax # and Phone #. Thanks Ben 
 Just wanted to let you know I got out both PG&E and Diamond Teaser letters and CA's.  We already heard back from PG&E and will probably have the CA signed today and the book out to them tomorrow.  Thanks Ben 
 I have the tickets, where do you want me to FedEx them? Ben 
 Thanks for the note, except of course for the last comment, why don't you just go seat in row 100 - alright.  Megan and I had a great time and enjoyed having you guys come out..  I love going out there during the summer.  We are going to arrange a ski weekend on President Day Weekend this February - so make plans to be laughed at while skiing.  I didn't mean laughed at - I meant having a fun time.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 The 1:00 pm meeting will be held in EB 2988.  There is no call-in number but the number in the room is (713) 853- 3846.  Please give me a call if you have any questions. Ben (713) 853-7998 
 Mr & Mrs. James Rogers 6 Noel Lane Cincinnati, OH 45243 
 David: Here are more of the EDR files. Ben 
 Just wanted to keep you all informed of my recent discussions with Kinder Morgan regarding potentially selling them 4 LM 6000's.  At first they were interested in some of the development sites, but became more interested in the equipment.  They are trying to get their hands on as many LM 6000's as possible, because of their plant configuration utilizing 6 LM 6000's per plant.  With my last dicussion as of yesterday (Tuesday the 5th), I gave them the approximate price at which they could buy the turbines for - $15,000,000 per turbine.  Their comment was it was a little on the high side, but they still sounded interested because of the quick time frame of receiving them - 1st Qtr. '01.  If they are still interested they will get back with me with a non-binding term sheet within the next couple of weeks.  Please let me know if you have any comments.  Thank you! Ben 
 Here it is: Mr & Mrs James Rogers 6 Noel Lane Cincinnati, OH 45243  I'm glad you guys had a good time out there.  It's such a great place to spend a weekend. 
 We are going to have to push back the meeting to review the model if that ok.  I need to finish up some work down here as well as review the model a little more to make sure I am familiar with it. Thanks Ben 
 They will be there for one day this week, but really not till Sunday, when they leave Houston for Cincy. 
 Mr & Mrs James Rogers 6 Noel Lane Cincinnati, OH 45243  Megan and I had a great time with you guys.  We need to figure out about going out there for skiing.  Thats when we can really make fun of them. Weasel! Ben 
 Here is the CA from Kinder Morgan that we sent out for the Peakers.  I did not send out any other CA's.  There is one very minor change that they sent me.  I will bring it up to you. Ben 
 Here is the latest investor list.  Give me a call if you have any questions. Ben 
 Here is the CA we sent to PSEG Global.  I am bringing up their comments on hard copy. Ben 
 Jeff: Here is the latest version of the investor list - as of this morning.  The list is usually updated daily, so please let me know if you want an updated copy daily or weekly.  Thanks! Ben 
 I will be making these changes this morning and sending an e-mail to you with the changes.  Thanks for the interest in these projects. Ben 
 David: Here are more of the EDR files. Ben 
 Chris: I was out of the office on Friday and will be going through the model this morning.  Not much has occured on my end, but lets talk about the model later today.  Thanks for the Caledonia presentation. Ben 
 Here is the latest CA, Teaser letter and contact list. 
 James: Here is the latest Contact list.  We sent out CA's and T's to Reliant, Kinder Morgan nad PSEG Global this morning. Ben 
 Here is an older project mode we used.  Please do not show this to anyone. You can pull out some of the Caledonia information from this model.  Let me know if you have any questions. Ben 
 I am still looking for the right Caledonia project model,  I have a couple of finance models but I don't think those are what you want.  I will send something today.  Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 I am still looking for a appropriate Caledonia model.  I have a couple of finance models, but I don't think those will work.  I will send something today.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is the latest version of section 1. 
 Sorry about this. No more changes after this.  Thanks 
 Here is the clean and red-lined version of section1. Ben 
 Here is the clean and red-lined version of section 1. Ben 
 David: Here are more of the EDR files. Ben 
 Here is the clean and red-lined version of section 1. Ben 
 James: Here is the Final Teaser Letter to use for sending out to customers.  Please give me a call if you have any questions.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is the latest version of the letter.  I added a column to deal with what has been sent out to the customers Ben 
 Here is the latest versions of both. 
 I added another investor to the list, so here is the latest version. Thanks Ben 
 Please use this form of the CA.  We had to change the heading.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is the latest versions of the CA and teaser letter. Ben 
 Who's the bitch - bitch.  The the reason why you can't get in is because you can't do it.  They know who is worthy and who isn't.  I am WORTHY. 
 The CA is finished and the teaser letter needs one more run through this morning and I will get it to you later this morning.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is the almost final investor list.  Please give me a call if you have any questions or especially updates from calls made to customers.  Thanks Ben 713-853-7998 
 David: Here are the EDR files. Ben 
 Here is the latest version Ben 
 Here is the latest teaser letter. 
 Here is the latest version, please add any changes and send back.  Thanks Ben 
 Revised Investment Merits section 
 Rumors my ass.  AXA wants to sell to you guys and the street feels it favorable and a good fit for your business.  Overpay! Overpay! Overpay! 
 Here is the latest changes from our conference call.  Please make your changes and send back.  Thanks Ben 
 Don: James sent this last night around 6:00pm.  The guys below received this version as well. Ben 
 Jim: Here is the latest contact list from us and CSFB.  Don will be giving you a call soon. Ben 
 Chris: Here is the latest contact list.  Don Miller is going to give you a call soon. Ben 
 James: Here is the latest version of the contact list.  Let's use this one as the working list.  Thanks Ben 
 Guys: Here are some items that Duke is looking for.  Please let me know if you have any idea where they can be found.  Some may be in DealBench that I am currently going through to find. Thanks agian for your assistance. Ben 3-7998 
 Most recent turn of document. 
 Ran into Ed this morning and he said that he ran into your ugly ass this past weekend.  I told him that it sucks for him but its over so all the better. He said he was taking notes from the way you dress, thats if he ever went back to being single again.  Biked, ran and workedout this weekend.  I am on the path to kicking ass and taking names.  Bring it!! 
 And the winner is...Jeff Skilling!!!!! 
 Latest turn of doc. 
 Their address in Cincinnati is: Mr & Mrs. James E. Rogers 6 Noel Lane Cincinnati, OH, 45243  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 Look Out!  Gravy Train Coming Through! 
 Here is the latest contact list.  Please send back when complete.  Thanks 
 Latest turn for the Pastoria Investment Merits section 
 Hey, I just wanted to make sure you knew to use the new form - unilateral confidentiality agreement.  Also, that we wanted to try and get it out to AES either later today or early Monday.  Thanks again for your help. Ben 
 Here is the latest version of the contact list.  Please let me or Andy Keleman if you have any questions or concerns.  Thanks Ben 
 David: Here are answers to the second batch of questions.  Please give Don Miller a call if you have any additional questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 Here is the latest turn on the Investor List.  Can you please have someone add fax numbers to the list.  Thanks Ben 
 Sorry about this.  Here is the right addresses for AES  AES Pacific, Inc. 100 Pine Street, Suite 3300 San Francisco, CA 94111 
 The tab in the file titled 2000 Peakers is a consolidated list.  The other tabs are just tabs I used to gather information and are currently not used. I hope this clears things up.  Give me a call if you have any more questions.  Thanks Ben (713) 853-7998 
 Ed: Here is the information for the AES Corp CA.  AES Corp. Glenn Davis Vice President 1001 North 19th Street Arlington, VA  22209  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks Ben 
 Jim: Here is the latest version of the contact list.  Please send back to me your comments and/or changes to the list.  Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 Hey , I checked on the tickets and she is sending them to me and I will send them to you.  She mention that they are for the 15th, which is a Friday, I guess a night game but I'm not sure.  I recall your most recent e-mail as stating the 16th - is that right.  If so, I hope their wasn't a screwup on anyone's part.  Please let me know.  Thanks Ben 
 Hey there: I will call his assistant and will let you know where and when to pick them up.  How is everything going?  Is the planning going along smoothly?  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 You may want to send this on to Joe. 
 I thought you might think this is pretty funny.  Mike sent it to me.  Who said Enron doesn't play well with others. Ben 
 Short and sweet - just as you requested. Ben 
 Thought you would be interested in this.  Seems to come at a time when Bush= =20 is going to win the Presidency - very interesting. Ben 
 Hey Warren: Here are a couple of questions we are working on for Duke on the 99's.  If you could take a look at these that would be great.  Thanks! Ben 3-7998 
 Jim: Here is an updated version.  Please disregard the previous version.  Thanks Ben 
 Jim: Here is a Draft copy of the Teaser letter.  Please let myself or Don Miller know of your comments.  Thanks Ben 713-853-7998 
 Omar: Here is the latest company contact list.  I went ahead a put in all the addresses of the headquarters, thus some addresses my have changed for the business unit we are sending these to.  Please let me know if you have any comments.  Thanks Ben 713-853-7998 
 Stuart: Here is their response to our Draft version.  Let me know what you think. Thanks Ben 
 Mike: Here is a DRAFT version of the CA between Enron and KM Power Co.  Please comment, mark-up, etc. and send back so that we can get to a final version. Thanks for your time and I look forward to hearing from you soon. Ben (713) 853-7998 
 Jim: Here is a Draft copy of our contact list for ENA's projects.  Please let me or Don Miller know of your comments.  Thanks for your time. Ben 
 Ed: Just wanted to let you know that I will be in a meeting from 4:00 to 5:30 pm and wanted to try and get a draft copy of the CA over to these guys today. Let me know if this is possible.  Thanks Ben 
 Kevin: Here is a draft version of the contact list for the projects.  We are adding to the list LG&E and Nipsco.  Please let me or Don know your comments. Thanks for your time. Ben 3-7998 
 Latest version of potential buyers list.  I am continuing to update this list.  I am still waiting for comments from Andy Kelemen. Ben 
 Here is the latest version of the potential buyers list.  I am contining to update this spreadsheet.  Thanks Ben 
 Mitch: Here are the answers to the questions incorporating everyone's answers. Please give me a call if you have any questions. Ben 3-7998 
 Here is a draft list of potential buyers of the assets. Ben 3-7998 
 Chris: Here is a draft copy of the list of companies that we are thinking about sending information to regarding the 2000 Peakers as well as the development sites.  Please let me or Don Miller know if you have any comments.  Thanks! Ben 
 Here is the list DLJ sent me. Ben 
 I was thinking Otto's Burgers out on Memorial.  Should I pick you up in front of your building?  If s,o what street? 
 Are you able to go off campus for lunch?  I was thinking about just driving by and picking you up.  Let me know where. Ben 
 Stan: I just wanted to touch base with you and let you know I am still with Enron and still enjoying the experience and currently working on selling some of our power plants with the Generation Investments Group.  I also wanted to say congratulations on the birth of your twins - thats great!  If there is any chance to have lunch I would greatly look forward to having lunch with you. By the way, I had a really good conversation with Rocky Storie the other day.  He was my representative for my performance review and I felt he did a great job and I greatly appreciated it.  Hope all is going well and I look forward to talking to you soon.  Regards, Ben 
 Here is my timesheet for the pay period of July 15th to July 31st.  Thanks Ben Rogers 3-7998 
 Friday it is!  By the way, I heard Mark Warner left The Big E! Ben 
 Sorry about that!  I started on around May 8th and I plan on rotating around the end of the year.  Thanks and sorry for the delay. Ben 
 How does Wednesday sound? 
 Charlie: I got your message this morning.  Since we were so successful in selling some of our peaking plant last time, we have decided to some some more - so we are running like crazy to close these deals this year.  I want to let you know that I talked to both people at KinderMorgan and Cinergy about your company and the types of transactions that you guys are doing.  I have not had the chance to follow up, but plan to real soon.  I just tried to call you about 10 minutes ago, thus the e-mail response.  I will try again in a little bit. Hope all is going well and I'll talk to you soon. Ben 
 Hey: My office number is 713-853-7998.  Lets try and go to lunch this week.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 Do I have to mention Calpine to you today  -- Holy Shit! 
 Count me in for the game tonight! Thanks! 
 Michael: I hope you have received the FedEx that I sent you yesterday as well as the fax.  I am finishing up the one page summary and will try and have that for you by Friday.  Thank you for taking the time and I look forward to talking to you in the near future.  Regards, Ben 
 Just wanted to see how everything is going over there at EBS.  I had lunch with Andrew today and he was asking how everything was going. Ben 
 Hey man - good to hear from you.  It must be rough house sitting in River Oaks, just remember to leave the furniture before you go back to school. Next week would be great to get some brews.  My wife and I are moving this weekend so it is quite hectic this week.  I will need a lot of booze after this move!  How's Chase?  I'll talk to you soon. Ben 
 I talked with Choby and OB yesterday and it looks like our old apartment (Q42) as well as John, Alan and Jimmy's old apt (Q44) will be attending their wedding.  I can already begin to see the craziness.  See ya Ben 
 I know that you are disappointed about his move. 
 Chris: Tom Swank (3-7194) isa Director in the Midstream group under Ed Baughman. The company he is on the board of is Pennaco Energy, Inc.   The company may or may not be looking for capital.  Tom knows alot about gas and is a good guy to bounce ideas off of.  Lets head to lunch on Friday.   See ya! Ben 
 Thanks! 
 Wanted to see if you guys had any comments regarding the questions I sent you earlier today.  Thanks! Ben 3-7998 
 Here you go! 
 Let's try the week after next.  I will be in Martha's Vineyard all next week for a little R&R.  See ya Ben 
 RIGHT!!! 
 My shares are just as worthless as the next guys...After announcing 27% increase in earnings, but on the same day overshadowed by the REI deal, they are certainly needing some deals to do.  My advice...execution, execution, execution, of DEALS. that is.  Ben 
 Dave: Just wanted to say thank you for the invitation to Cafe Annie next Wednesday, unfortunately I will not be able to make it.  I can't tell how much I enjoy working within ENA and in particular the East Origination Group and with Genco.  Thanks again for the recognition and for giving me this opportunity to work in ENA.  Regards, Ben 
 Michael: How's your summer?  Are you in Delaware now?  I am going to set up a weekend in DC in the Fall and I will probably do it around homecoming weekend.  I want to try and set it up for most of the people will huge out with, but will take other suggestions.  I will be sending out e-mails to everyone informing them of the weekend.  Choby is going to set up a bar to rent out for Saturday night.  In the past, you have sent me e-mails with a bunch of different e-mail addresses attached to it.  If you could send me a list of the e-mails you have for our friends that would be great.  Thanks for the help and lets talk about this further.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 Professor Ueng: Hope all is going well and you have either finished or are almost finished your Phd.  I was wondering if I could be able to find out my grade for the Financial Mgmt. class (MBA-5318 A) I took with you this summer.  Is there a website we can go to or something?  Thanks! Ben Rogers 
 Thanks, I am just trying to learn from you this type of modeling (M&A) and to make sure I know the model if in case your out and Don needs something.  Regards, Ben 
 Ed: Just wanted to see if your around for taking lunch this week. Ben 3-7998 
 Claire: Please include me in on the Volleyball Tourney this Friday. Thanks! Ben 
 Gus: Do you happen to have or know where the CEMS Quarterly Report for Brownsville may be.  Thanks! Ben 3-7998 
 Aldo: Here is the latest version of the trading, risk management & backoffice presentation.  Please give me a call if you have any questions.  Thanks Ben 
 Dave: Here is the latest version, please ignore the earlier version if you have not seen it already.  Thank you! Ben 
 Chris: Here are the comps we put together for merchant peaker plants.  Please give me a call if you have any questions. Thanks! Ben 3-7998 
 Dave: Here is the latest copy of the backoffice services presentation. Ben 
 Aldo: Here is a draft presentation of the trading, risk management and backoffice. Please give me a call if you have any questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 Brian: Here is the presentation we put together for the banks and FPL Energy.  If you have any questions please give me a call.  Thanks! Ben 3-7998 
 Jim: Here is a draft copy of NewCo's trading, risk management & backoffice presentation.  The last page is still being worked through. Thanks! Ben Rogers 
 Dave: Here is the most recent backoffice presentation. Ben 
 Just wanted to let you know that we got the tickets for the Reds game. Ben 
 Thank-you!  I am very much aware that he is sensitive to people looking at this report. Ben 
 Jeff and Ben: Here are some more questions regarding the Caledonia and Brownsville plants. Your assistance with these questions would be greatly appreciated.  Please send your answers back to me when completed.  Again, thank you for your help. Regards, Ben 3-7998 
 Amy: Here are my answers  to your questions: 1.  Yes I think its a good idea, because you are able to reach a wide audience with this advertisement. 2.  I don't think the contest should be limited to just these schools/conferences.  You probably should open it up to all schools to get an even wider reach of potential candidates. 3.  I would think that if you had a certain amount for the cash prize that people would take it seriously to try and win the cash. 4.  Please let me know if I can support you in any way. Thanks Ben Rogers 3-7998 
 Raul: Information on flights to Denver Leaving Houston on Thursday 31st at 3:30 - Arriving Denver ar 4:54 pm on flight #35 Leaving Denver on Monday the 1st at 4:27 - Arriving Houston at 7:46pm on flight #379. Hope this works! Ben 3-7998 
 I came in this weekend to go through the model that I thought you were going to send me on Friday.  Can you send that over so I can get up to speed with it.  I am just trying to learn how you have been valuing these assets.  Thanks Ben 
 Called today about the seats and they are going to work on that and will let me know as soon as possible.  Let me know what else you are trying to do that weekend.  Thanks Ben 
 Can you please send me the latest version of the JV model.  Thanks! Ben 
 John: Here is the presentation for tomorrow's meeting with Enron North America and FPL Energy.  Regards, Ben Rogers 
 Here is the presentation I was talking about.  No changes need to be made to it.  We need 15 color copies, bond at the top with a spiral binding and clear front cover.  We need it by 6:00pm tonight.  Thanks  Ben Rogers 3-7998 
 Here is the presentation for tomorrow's meeting between Enron North America and FPL Energy.  Regards, Ben Rogers 
 Jim: Here is the presentation for tomorrow's meeting.  Regards, Ben 
 Dave: Here is a recent draft of our presentation on the ENA/FPLE JV, which we are presenting to the banks in tomorrow's meeting here in Houston.  This recent draft has been looked through by Jeff Donahue just this morning.  Don Miller is expecting your call with comments.  Thanks for your time.  Regards, Ben 3-7998 
 Jon: Here are some more questions regarding the Caledonia plant.  Your assistance with these questions would be greatly appreciated.  Please send your answers back to me when completed.  Again, thank you for your help. Regards, Ben 3-7998 
 Dr. Ueng: I wanted to mention this to you yesterday after the test, but didn't have time.  I was taking this course because I am applying to another business school and since I have been out of school for six years I wanted to provide the other schools with a recent academic record.  I was trying to get an A in the class, but my first test was not my best work. I feel that I did much better on the second test and that Brandon and mines case studies and my class participation were good enough to get me close to the A level.  That said if I am also able to get a recommendation from you I would greatly appreciate it.  I know that you are extremely busy now, so if I could get in touch with you at your earliest convenience that would be great.  Thanks for making the class educational and quite enjoyable.  Hope to talk to you soon and hope you can enjoy the rest of the summer.  Regards, Ben Rogers 713-853-7998 
 Here is a slide that should help you out.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks Ben 
 Latest presentation! Ben 
 none - just wanted to see how you were thinking - dirty bastard 
 No need to get hostile - would you like it verbally or orally? (I 'm referring to the notes) 
 Yes, would you like? 
 Here is the latest version of the presentation.  The only difference should be the Construction Mgmt. Org chart in the back of the presentation.  Thanks!  Regards, Ben 
 Lisa: Congrats on everything thats going on in your life!  I also wanted to congratulate you on getting into the NYC Marathon - I think thats great.  I am subjecting myself to do this again (don't ask me why) since I found out that I got in the other day.  Good luck and hope to hear form you soon.  Regards, Ben 
 Here is the summary of the financial information. Ben 
 Here is the model, which I will follow it up with other financial information.  Please give me or Don Miller a call if you have any questions. Have a good weekend! Ben Rogers 
 Guys: Here are some more questions regarding the Caledonia and Brownsville plants. Your assistance with these questions would be greatly appreciated.  Please send your answers back to me when completed.  Again, thank you for your help. Regards, Ben 3-7998 
 To All: Here is the presentation Don and I put together for Dave's meeting with Mark Frevert next Thursday.  He has seen it and has signed off on it.  Don will be out most of the week coming back potentially Thursday and I will be getting back around 3:30pm on Wednesday.  If there are any last minute changes please leave me a message or talk to Jinsung.  Thanks and have a good weekend. Ben 3-7998 
 Here is a brief and older presentation I found.  Hope it helps. Ben 
 Randy: Here is the other presentation that you requested.  Thanks! Ben 
 Randy: Here is the May 11th presentation.  The other presentation will follow asap. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks! Ben 
 Here is the back-office presentation which we set up for Orion. Thanks, Ben 
 Here is the presentation I sent to Randy at FPLE yesterday. Please give me a call if you have any questions.  Remember, its a work in progress so information is being added all the time and I will send out major changes as we go along.  Thanks! Ben Rogers 
 Randy: Here is the latest version of the "work-in-progress" pitch book.  Please make comments and send back.  I will contnue to add to it, so please fell free to give me a call about the presentation.  Thanks Ben Rogers 
 Randy: I am putting some information together for you guys and wanted to know if you could send me FPL Energy's logo by e-mail.  Thanks Ben Rogers 3-7998 
 Here is what FPLE sent> 
 Randy: I have a couple of items I am working and wanted to know from you. 1.  How will the annoucement of the 55 MW plant in R.I. and the potential stake in the 1,650 MW plant in Texas effect the current asset portfolio? 2.  I am working on a spreadsheet identifying all the current and the coming on-line merchant MW's in detail.  Can you provide me a detail list of which plant assets are merchant or are going to be merchant. Thanks, Ben Rogers 713-853-7998 
 Ross: Don and I are looking for information on the Maintimizer software systems.  I have given Jim Meyers a call at New Albany, but he is out till Wednesday.  Do you know of anyone else we can talk to.  Thanks! Ben 
 Here is a brief description of our meeting with Kevin Presto. Ben 
 I told you that I don't have it with me - it's in my fucking car and if you ask again I will have to come up there and stick that pager up your ass. How's that for a reply? 
 Here is the capital cost of peakers I sent Thomas Ben 
 Weasel!! 
 Jerry: Here is a clean version of the ICF confidentiality agreement. Ben 
 No idea!  You must have received this by someone else. 
 Here is the capital cost comparison analysis. Ben Rogers 3-7998 
 Jerry: Here is the ICF confidentiality agreement that Stuart revised.  Hope this is to your satisfaction. Please let me know if you have any questions. Ben 
 Jerry: After all this here is another Confidentiality Agreement, but this one is for ICF Kaiser and their market report.  It should be straight forward , but please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks! Ben Rogers 
 Stuart: I'm heading into a peaker meeting at 9:00, but will be out in 30 minutes or so.  I talked to Jerry this morning and the best time to talk with him is this morning before 10:00 our time.  Let's try and talk with him about the remaining issues this morning so we can work on them from our end to eventually talk with him later today.  Thanks! Ben 
 Everyone: Here are the site confirms for next week.  Also attached are directions to the sites.  If you have any questions please give myself, Don Miller or Ross Newlin a call.  Again, thanks for your interest with these assets.  Regards, Ben Rogers (713) 853-7998 
 So when are we going to have the sale of the B-Ball Goal.  It is still here and I am beginning to lose money as I play more, so I need to get it out of here before I lose anymore money. Ben 
 no topic, just updating everyone on where ENA is currently going and doing. Come down and get free pizza. Ben 
 Bill: Here are the two CA's we are currently working off of.  The first one is Enron's latest draft and the second one is Cinergy's latest draft.  Enron usually does not get into stand-still agreements, but we decided to in this case.  We have been exchanging comments for two weeks and now we need to sit down and discuss these points from a commercial stand-point to get over these differences.  Please give me a call when you get this so we can go through these issues.  Thanks for your time with this issue.  Regards, Ben 713-853-7998  Enron's version  Cinergy's version 
 Here is a clean version of Cinergy's latest comments. Ben 
 Jerry: Here is the latest "CA" with everyone's changes.  I feel that this is pretty close to the best we can offer in terms of the stand-still and non-solicitation agreements.  Enron usually does not get into stand-still agreements, so doing this one was a big step for Enron.  Look forward to talking to you tomorrow morning.  Thanks for your patience.  Again, this is a draft copy for discussions purposes only. Regards, Ben 
 I just talked to Mark Metts and he has officially signed off on the CA. Could you send me down a clean, draft version of CA4.  I will run this by Delainey b/c Detmering and Donahue are not in today.  Thanks! Ben 3-7998 
 Jennifer: Here is the latest CA for Jerry to review.  Please send him this e-mail asap.  Thanks! Ben Rogers 
 Here is the latest copy.  Once you may the changes I am going to run it by Mark Metts and send it over to CINergy.  I am trying to get this sogned today, so I can head down to Florida to meet up with Don and company.  Thanks Ben 
 Mike: Here is a list  of deals I have worked on for the first half of 2000.  Please let me know if you need any other information.  Thanks! Ben 
 Dee: Can you please have someone just print six copies off.  Nothing else.  Thanks! Ben 3-7998 
 How did you like the counter-party? Ben 
 Here is the list I was referring to. Ben 
 I am pretty sure I have a copy, but it is really old and out of date, but I will try and find it ASAP and send it on to you.  Thanks! Ben 
 Dave: I talked with the legal guys at Cinergy and after further discussions with Mike Cyrus, they felt that since these discussions were at a high level and very early in discussions that a "CA" at this time was not needed.  There were two sticking points that I was trying to get them to backdown from: 1) a stand-still agreement and 2) a solicitation agreement.  They were not willing to back down from these, thus they concluded with suggesting no "CA".  Let me know if this is your thoughts as well.  Thanks! Ben 
 Hey Jon; Just e-mailing to see how everyone is doing.  Megan and I are going over to Austin to a resort to celebrate our 1st anniversary - I can't believe it. I've been trying to work on the golf game, but I'm taking a couple of graduate business courses at night so that keeps me pretty busy on the weekends as well.  Hope all is well and I'll talk to you soon. Go Sox! Ben 
 Here are some of the points Cinergy will cover on Monday.  They are coming down with a team of 4 or 5 people -Mike Cyrus, Bill Greilis, Chuck Winger, Art Vivar and Brian Stall. Ben 
 Mike: Just a thought regarding Kinder/Morgan.  These guys mainly care about the gas pipelines and that some of there projects are actually put on there lines to increase throughput.  These plants that they want on their lines are currently in construction or development.  Their only operational plants are in Colorado.  They have a good generation team, but I fell that they do not want to be in the business of operating and maintaining the plants, just as long as somebody wants to put them along their lines.  If you guys offered to buy their plants and projects, they would mainly care about price (cash and stock in the new company) and to put contracts in place for some of their projects to put on their lines.  Hope this helps. Ben 
 A very good time was had by all.  I for one lost some shorts and a voice, but it was well worth it. Thanks Miguel and everyone else. Ben 
 Mike:  Thanks again for taking the time to meet with me last week.  I left you Rich Kinder's number on Thursday with your assistant, Sheilla - hope you got it. Again, I think a deal between or three companies is something to really look at.  I think it creates a great story to the street.  Kinder/Morgan brings the growth story, the gas pipelines for the convergence play and the development team, Enron brings the MW's and trading and Cinergy brings MW's, trading and operating expertise.  I feel that Enron and Cinergy can work togther with regards to the trading.  I am sending you an anayst report I just finish reading regarding generation spinoffs - I think it will be helpful.   Also, Kay Chapman, Dave's assistant informed me that you were coming up next week, and I wanted to know if you wanted me to be there or not or if you wanted me to prepare anything for you for the meeting.  Hope you had a good weekend and I look forward to talking to you soon. Regards, Ben (713) 853-7998 
 Don: I will be leaving early today to catch a flight to New Orleans for a friend's bachelor party in the Big Easy.  I will be back early on Sunday, so please leave me a message if you need anything and I will be in on Sunday.  Hope to make it back safely.  Have a good weekend. Ben 
 Dwight: Here are the merchant peaker costs Don Miller wanted me to send to you. Ben 3-7998 
 Raymond: I work at Enron, in our corporate development group and have been through many different analyst reports.  I went through your previous "The Power Curve" report and enjoyed it thoroughly and recently heard that the second version is out and wanted to get a copy.  If that's possible that would be great.  Thanks in advance for this request. Ben Rogers (713) 853-87998 Ph. (713) 646-8863 Fax 
 Your not going to bed at 5:00 tonight because you will be getting your ass kicked in Tennis tonight.  Tennis anyone? Ben 
 Don: Regarding my conversation with John Garrison on the GE 7FA costs.  Delivery:  '00-'01  Cost:  $36.0 MM Delivery:  '98-'99  Cost:  $34.250 MM Delivery:  '96-'97  Cost:  $32.0 MM Delivery:  '95-'97  Cost:  $30.0 MM  It looks like that for every year and a half the costs go up approx. $2.0 MM.  The next available order for GE 7FA's is 3rd qtr. 2003.  Ben 3-7998 
 Here is the spreadsheet with the DCF analysis from CSFB. Ben 
 Here is ENA's peaker comp analysis. Ben 
 Merchant Peaker Comp_DCF Ben 
 John: Here are some of the companies that have announced merchant peaker plants recently.  Give me a call if you have any questions. Ben 713-853-7998 
 Here is the version that you sent me.  I wanted to see if you had a updated version.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is the MW degradation calc. we were talking about.  Ben 
 Here is the spreadsheet Bruce Golden used to calculate the Homestead project costs. Ben 3-7998 
 I lokked for the soft copy of the presentation on the peakers and could not find one in my files.  I would try giving Clement a call because he was the one who put it together. Ben 
 Beck's Prime at 11:45 - a good halfway point.  Mike M. will be joining us. Ben 
 Hey Jon, Again Congratualations on your baby, that's great.  My sister just had her second two weeks ago.  Megan and I will be in DC the weekend after the 4th of July for a wedding, will you guys be their that weekend, if so it would be great to see you guys?  Hope all is going well and talk to you soon. Ben  713-853-7998 - Work 
 Megan will be at the wedding that weekend, but I will not be able to make it.  Megan is going to spend most of July up in New York.  How is the fundraising business going?  I heard that Clinton's fundraiser tonight will bring in $23 million which will be $2 Mil. more than George W., which would be pretty impressive. Ben 
 Yes, she had a boy - Will Rogers Morgan.  Are you going to be in the Hamptons for the July 4th holiday?  Megan and I will be up there for 4 or 5 days around then.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 Hey there, Have I got a potential job opportunity for you.  My neighbor at work since this business plan to me to see if knew anyone who would be interested in joining this company and believe it or NOT, I thought of you.  Give me a call when you go through this BP.  Keep this confidential.  How did you like those pics from Chobs of the girls on the beach.  Have you taken them home yet and done unspeakable things to them? See ya! Thanks Ben 
 Here is the latest model.  It was only used for the project cost analysis and nothing else, so some are are not fully completed.  Let me know when you would like to talk about the deal or model.  Thanks Ben 
 Great PICS.  When do you get back?  I want to see if we can get together up in NYC or DC with OB and Mike.  I will be in the Hamptons for July 4th weekend.  It's starting to get hot down here in Houston.  Things are going well.  I have moveed into a new group (Enron's M&A Group) - were looking at some interesting deals.  We are looking at taking a company public which I may go work for if I can get enough equity in the deal.  The other thing that might happen is finally going to my pops company at a much higher position than I am at now, which would be great, but I would be in Ohio, booooooo. That way Megan and I could buy a house and potential go and get an executive MBA from Kellog, but these are all scenarios and if any of these play out I would be amazed.  My golf game is ok, but my training is starting to get better.  I did see that none of us made the NYC Marathon on the first go around.  Did you see that Jon and Kati had their baby-I didn't even know she was pregnant.  Shit were getting old!!!!!!!!!!   Hope all is going well and I'll see ya. Ben 
 Maria: Wanted to let you know that I just faxed over a two page document.  Thanks Ben Rogers 
 I will be able to make it and will be making my plant arrangements today. Thanks Ben 
 I have not had the chance to run those numbers for CIPCO.  I am trying to shoot for later today or early tomorrow.  Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 Here is the presentation for Old Dominion.  Let me know if you have any questions. Ben 
 Relax, with your comments!  Guess what??????  It turns out that its going to be Pappas Steakhouse tomorrow at 8:00PM!  Surf and Turf here I come. 
 Revised copy of PDA. Ben 
 I got a message from Mike regarding the PPA's and PDA's and he and Dave are currently working on revising the PPA's and will have something this afternoon.  It seems like the PDA's will take a little longer.  Thanks Ben 
 Miguel Vasquez now is running the model and he has the updated proforma. Thanks Ben 
 I have moved into a new group (M&A group).  I am still working a little bit with the originators, but not nearly as much as before.  Hope things are going well with the CTG people. Ben 
 Corrected version of the Financial Information. 
 Here is the Schedule B Attachment. Ben 
 Here is the VOM and FOM for the Entergy model.  Yvan Chaxel is using these same numbers in his spread option value model. VOM - $0.89 FOM (Annual $'s) - $ 915,000/year I am still getting the model together. Ben 3-7998 
 Congratulations!  That's fantastic.  My sister, Chrissi, had her second (a boy - Will Rogers Morgan) on Friday, so I have been a hospital alot these past three days.  Hope everything is going great and hope to hear from you soon. Regards, Ben 
 Here is the "back office"/systems revised presentation.  Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 Here is a revised CA with CINergy.  They also sent a clean version thinking that we might not have any changes other than what we had before.  I am still trying to talk to Jeff about paragraghs #5 and #6.  Thanks Ben 
 What are you doing on the comuter at this hour? Aren't you suppose to be teaching some kids or something? 
 You will need to talk to Miguel Vasquez.  He is the one who may have the model. Thanks Ben 
 If you can finish the map up, I have to work on another project.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is the Entergy project cost model. Ben 3-7998 
 Here are the maps for the development sites. Ben 3-7998 
 Here are some more files. Ben 
 Here are some of the important Teco files.  Lets talk tomorrow about Entergy Ben 3-7998 
 Here is the confidentiality agreement Jerry Vennemann sent me from CINergy. Lets talk about this as soon as you get time. Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 Please give me a call when you get this.  Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 Ben: I talked with Thomas Suffield and he wants Miguel Vasquez to run the numbers on the Florida model., since they have been running numbers on the Plano model for a little while now.  I walked Miguel through what I had done and how they should look at running the model, based on what Thomas found out and what you have said in the past.  I also gave them the numbers that the desk has given based on the simple cycle case (5 year number) and combine-cycle case (5 year number).  From this they have modeled and graphed these different scenarios.  I also worked on getting a bid and ask from the desk, but you may need to talk to Berney because they are not giving out the ask at this time. Hope this helps and please give me a call if you have any questions. Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 Clement: Here is the FPL presentation.  If your able to change the graph on page 7, where it just shows the total on the table and not on the graph, that would be great otherwise I will change it in the morning.  Thanks Ben 
 Just wanted reiterate my comments on Raul and his skills fitting in with what you guys are looking for.  I really think he would be a good long term in the corp. dev area and/or investor relations.  Let me know if your around for lunch this week at Ninfa's.  I'm meeting up with Andrew sometime this week as well, maybe we can make it the same day.  Let me know. Ben 
 Work number is 713-853-7998.  How is the fundraising going?  I went to go see former President George Bush at a cocktail party/fundraiser the other night. We  heard both the former Pres. and Barbara - it was great to hear both of them speak.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 Here is the information to the questions regarding WPS. Ben 
 Here is the other information on PJM. 
 Here is the latest PJM pricing from the bus point used for Don Black's information.  Use the PJM web site to find addition information. Ben 
 I sent this information on to Bruce Golden so hopefully we can get something back by tomorrow.  Thanks Ben 
 Here are the different LM 6000 model for Florida and the price from the desk. 
 Hey Bruce, Oscar and I are looking to have the first 2 questions answered.  If you could look at these and get back with me that would be great.  I'm working on the 3rd question now.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is the latest Entergy presentation Don and I put together. Ben 3-7998 
 Ben: I am putting together a presentation for FPL and we are going to show them our potential development sites.  Who do I talk to to just get the different locations?  I am trying to get a draft to Ozzie tonight.  Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 Sounds Good! Ben 
 Hey: Sorry about not getting back sooner - I have been traveling and was away for Thanksgiving.  Megan and I went up to Chicago to visit one of her 5 sisters. M&M's wedding was fun, saw some people I haven't seen since college - pretty scary.  If "W" wins this election Megan and I are coming to DC to watch the Inaugeration and maybe go to a ball or two, so we should diffinently get together.  I will work on that when the time comes.  Besides, this election is absolutely crazy - Gore he working himself into complete retirement with all this contesting.  How is everything going?  What are you guys doing for the holiday?  Megan and I are going out west to do some skiing in Beaver Creek - I'm praying for powder.  Again, I hope all is going well and I'll be better next time about getting back to you.  Good to hear from you! Ben 
 Here is the VOM and FOM for a 4 GE 7EA plant in Vicksburg, MS. VOM = $0.88 Annual FOM = $915,000 These numbers are a good estimate based off of our Caledonia plant, which is currently operating in the TVA region.  Please give me a call if you have any questions.  Thanks! Ben 3-7998 
 Here is a draft version of the FPL presentation. 
 Here is the combine cycle Florida model. Ben 
 Dave: I was talking with my brother-in-law who is Kinder/Morgan's VP of Corp Development and they would be interested in talking with us about contributing their 5,000 MW's of generation into a JV/Partnership to lead into a public offering.  We are still under several different CA's with them, due to our past conversation's regarding generation. With our previous discussions, Rich Kinder had suggested to Kevin Hannon if Enron would be interested in buying the whole Orion  Project, but at that time ENA was only interested in the first couple of projects, due to the delivery of the turbines. In light of our past discussions and KMI's desire to exit the generation business, this JV would give them the perfect "exit strategy".  Also, it would give us a better growth strategy, with respects to our talks with other parties.  I know that bringing in a potential third party would complicate the deal structure, but I think that it would build a much better growth story to Wall Street. If you think this would be a good idea, I can begin to set up a meeting as soon as possible with Kinder/Morgan.  Thanks! Ben 
 Hey, sorry its been a little while but I've been traveling and keeping some late hours on these generation projects.  With regards to UT, I am going to stay at Enron for another year.  I feel that the thing that hurt me from getting in the schools I wanted to get into were my undergraduate grades.  So I have decided to take a couple of graduate level finance courses this summer and re-apply next year.  Actually, I'll apply to Columbia this Sept to get into their January program, which goes for a year and half.  So lets get together for lunch before you head off for B-school this summer. Talk to you soon. Ben 3-7998 
 Here are the FOM and VOM for the Synthetic CC plant. Ben 
 Here are the new Plano numbers and the revised Homestead numbers.  Please only use these for discussion and model purposes and not with client conversations.  These are all indicative cost numbers.  Give me a call if you have any questions.  Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 Here is the e-mail that Bruce just sent me.  Make sure that you do not use this for any binding agreements or client discussion purposes.  These are the numbers I have used in my model and here are the new Plano numbers.  If you have any questions please give me a call and I will walk you through the changes.  Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 We are still looking for capital costs for a 730 MW plant in Texas, which comprises of 4 FA's and 2 STG's.  We are currently using $450 MM for a total project cost number, which comes out to be $616/Kw. Thanks Ben 
 I thought that was probably a mistake, because you haven't mentioned it and I don't see why you would sell it while you were away.  See ya Ben 
 Works for me!  Pick a day and lets do it. Ben 
 Hey guys, Here is Chris Choby's e-mail.  He might not respond right away because he is on a ship and the e-mail sometimes does not go through right away.  Hope all is well and talk to you soon. Ben  G7PWC3@stennis.navy.mil 
 Hey there- Megan's sister who lives in DC and who is a real estate agent, noticed your house was for sale and wanted to talk to you about it.  So here is her e-mail: patandnora@hotmail.com Hope all is well and talk to you soon. Ben 
 Thanks Ben 
 Here is the Goldman Presentation 
 Basic summary for Teco:  Still working with Finance Group to come up with different finance structures. Working with Insurance group (weather desk) to wear the risk of the project, since the Power desk will not wear that type of risk. Pricing of the put, call and spread option values is still not finalized, because Kevin Presto has said that he does not put much value into these plants in Eastern PJM Don Black is beginning to look at other companies for his price risk management product. He feels he will not be able to get a deal done with Teco at this point in time.  Let me know if this is suffient for your analysis. Ben 3-7998 
 Here is a newer version of the presentation, please use this one.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is Don Black presentation which he will pick up Wednesday morning. Please give me a call if you have any questions.  Be sure to print out 10 color copies or black and white.  Thanks  Ben 713-853-7998 
 Here are the different presentations that you are looking for. Ben 3-7998 
 Good to hear from you!  It's been a while.  I am also going to work for another year.  My undergrad grades were what held me back.  I have already enrolled in a summer graduate finance course for the summer.  How Fun!  I am also retaking the GMAT.  But what I am looking forward to is kicking your ass in the NYC Marathon since I signed up and will hopefully get in.  Megan will is almost done with school and will be spending most of July in NY.  So I will be coming up to NYC quite a bit this summer.  Would you be interested in going out to Colorado this summer to play some great golf.  They have some fantastic courses.  Other than that - work is going really well and Enron stock and company culture is really getting noticed by Wall Street, which is great for future job opportunities.  I'm playing a lot of tennis, golf anf basketball as of late and its been quite fun.  Hope all is going well and lets get together when you get back.  See ya soon. Ben 
 Here is the presentation with the different product structures.  Let me know of any changes or additions.  Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 That was the site visits.  Here it is. 
 Here is the LM 6000 model we have been using.  Lets talk about the projects Steve is looking to model sometime early this week.  Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 Here is one of the models I have been working on, its the combine cycle model.  Here is also the summary page I am working on with the different case scenarios.  Give me a call or e-mail me to tell me what you think.  I am also building a combined - simple and combine cycle model.  My home number is 713-355-8738 and work is 713-853-7998. Ben 
 Here is the latest turbine comparison sheet.  Let me know if you have any questions. Ben 3-7998 
 Here is the Florida model. Ben 3-7998 
 Thanks for the FYI.  I had not talked to him but the earnings report looked great.  I am headed to Rich and Nancy Kinder's tonight to meet former President Bush.  Talk to you soon. Love Ben 
 Here is a file from Kinder/Morgan.  Look at the performance tab and that should give you a good idea about the output and the heat rates.  Lets talk about this later. Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 The Entergy meeting will be held at 12:00 (High Noon) in room 3125a.  Thanks for your attendance. Ben 3-7998 
 We moved the meeting to 12:00 for tomorrow and I am still searching for a room, but am willing to do it just up on the floor near Rogers or Curry if that is not a problem, because this shouldn't take too long.  Thanks! Ben 3-7998 
 Jim: Scott and I are working with Kinder/Morgan on pricing a 3 year deal off of one of their facilities.  These are the facilities that we looked at late last year for buying 2 of their plants.  The plants have a configuration of: 6 LM 6000's, 2 GE 7EA's and steam turbine.  They are able to run in at peak, swing and base load levels very easily.  They are looking for a 3 year  term deal for 510 MW's, with $1.00 VOM and Heat Rate of 8,531 located in Little Rock, ARK..  Pricing starts June 02 and goes to Cal. 04.  Anyway, I want to know if you guys are able to meet tomorrow at 2:00pm to talk about pricing up this deal.   It should only take about 15-25 minutes.  Thanks for your time.  Regards, Ben 3-7998 
 I am working with Kinder/Morgan on pricing a 3 year deal off of one of their facilities.  These are the facilities that we looked at late last year for buying 2 of their plants.  The plants have a configuration of: 6 LM 6000's, 2 GE 7EA's and steam turbine.  They are able to run in at peak, swing and base load levels very easily.  They are looking for a 3 year  term deal for 510 MW's, with $1.00 VOM and Heat Rate of 8,531 located in Little Rock, ARK.. Pricing starts June 02 and goes to Cal. 04.  Anyway, I want to know if you guys are able to meet tomorrow at 2:00pm to talk about pricing up this deal.   It should only take about 15-25 minutes.  Thanks for your time.  Ben 3-7998 
 Here is the latest Brownsville Presentation. Ben 
 CIPCO term sheet. Ben 
 Here is the 2 on 1 configuration for the GE 7FA turbines.  I will put together pro-forma model based on this configuration. Ben 
 Here is the wholesale presentation Silling gave to the Wall Street Analyst's. Ben 
 Just testing to make sure that this e-mail went through!  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 SkyGen Model 
 Break a 100! Come on, have a little more faith than that.  I actually can't play - something came up with work.  Have a good weekend. Ben 
 Revised UAE Model Ben 
 SkyGen Presentation 
 I was trying to schedule the meeting for next week, but Cinergy has there quarterly board meeting next Thursday, which means they might be too busy to meet before then. Ben 
 Dad: Congrats on the press release.  People that found out about it were amazed that we did it so quickly.  I was thinking, if you could call Ken, that would be great.  I know Michael is talking to Dave, but talking to Ken would really help my cause.  Let me know what you think.  I also am sending you a presentation that you will really enjoy. Regards, Ben 
 Hey David: Megan and I are thinking of moving and I wanted to know what you had done with your place.  Give me a call when you get a chance.  Also, a person you worked in the past now sits next to me - Michelle Parks.  Give me a call. Hope all is well and lets talk about going up to the Vineyard the same time this summer.  See ya Ben 
 Hey Jinsung: Can you send me the latest SkyGen model, so I can continue to stay updated on the transaction structure.  Thanks! Ben 3-7998 
 Here is the VOM and Heat Rate for the Little Rock, Ark. site located in Entergy (Entergy Hub).  The site is on Entergy's 500 kV line and on NGPL's pipelines.  VOM and H.R's are the following:  VOM = $1.00 w/o major maintenance There are four levels of running the configuration: Full Output with Duck Firing: 542 MW's/ 8,842 Heat Rate Full Output wothout Duck Firing: 422 MW's/7,907 Heat Rate One GE 7EA: 105 MW's/8,251 Heat Rate Warm running GE 7EA: 59 MW's/ 9,831 Heat Rate  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks! Ben 3-7998 
 Here is the model Teco sent us that we revised to add some of ENA's assumptions.  Ben 3-7998 
 What Attachment? Thanks 
 The Teco meeting had to be changed to 5:00 pm still in the same room on 3125.  Hope you all can make it and give me a call if you can't.  Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 Dr. Harris: In my pursuit to strengthen my application profile for next year I have explored taking two graduate level night courses this summer and I wanted to know what courses the admissions committee would suggest that I take this summer.  I wanted to make sure that I was taking the courses that were most appropriate with regards to my application. Just to let you know, I was planning on taking two finance courses.  Thanks in advance for your suggestion with this matter. I was in Austin yesterday for the completion of the MS 150 Bike ride, but was not able to stick around.  Hope all is going well and hope to hear from you soon.  Regards, Ben Rogers 
 Here is the latest model.  Per the document I sent you, the new deal structure is not in there yet.  I will be in on Sunday to finish it up.  If you have any questions please leave me a message on my voice mail.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is a brief list of the projects I have worked on in the first quarter of this year.  Just to let you know, I am technically in Mike MIller's IPP origination group.  I moved over to this group last week.  I am still going perform the same function as I did in CTG, but now from the IPP group. Thanks! Ben 
 Do you actually have the Henwood report.  It looks like you sent me the RW Beck report or a letter pertaining to the Henwood report, but not the actual Henwood report that I was looking at in the meeting.  Thanks! Ben 
 Here is the model we were just looking at.. Again, it will be changing! Thanks Ben 
 I have a meeting with Thomas Suffield and Rich Park at 5:00pm and I will get to it right after that.  Thanks! Ben 
 The Teco meeting will be held Monday at 2:00 pm in room 3125.  If you have any questions please give me a call.  The main issue will be the current assumptions in the models and the output prices from those models.  Thanks!  Ben Rogers 3-7998 
 Here is the list of questions Yvan sent to Chris Smith and his responses.= =20 Ben 
 Here are the SkyGen presentations.  Thanks Ben 
 Here are the total project cost numbers for Terra Industries, based off of a 2 LM 6000 configuration facility located in Tulsa, OK.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 Here is a presentation which is complete but we just need 10 color, bound copies by 3:00pm.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is the UAE model. Ben 
 David Slocum works at a bank called BB&T and the number is (804) 649-3991. Ben 
 David: How's S.P.?  Wanted to ask you a question regarding your town house.  Have you sold it or are you renting it out, b/c we might be interested in renting it from you if you have not done so already.  Let me know what you think. Talk to you soon.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is the Entergy presentation.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is the model Teco sent us and that Erin expanded on.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks Ben 
 Tennis then eat sounds good.  Let me know where you want to meet before hand.  Thanks Ben 
 Here are the times for the meetings with Finance and Accounting: Joe Deffner on Monday at 4:00pm in his office on 28 Roger Ondreko on Tuesday at 9:00 am in his office (3358) Let me know if this does not work for you guys. Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 Home number is (713) 355-8738 Ben 
 The meeting Don and I had with Kinder/Morgan to discuss his Price Risk Management Product went really well.  We met with Park Schaper (CFO), Anthony Lannie (President of Power Group) and Jay Hopper (VP and General Manager) was on the phone from Denver.  They were very interested with regards to potentially replacing long term tolling agreements with this product.  Enron could provide a five year toll and the product would begin in the sixth year through year 15 or 20. We talked very little about their existing projects; Little Rock and Michigan.  They do have all the permits for the Little Rock site and are moving forward with the Michigan site and still do not have any tolling agreements in place for those projects. The ball is currently in their court and were going to get back with Scot with respects to the projects and with Tom on the PRM Product.  Please let me know if you have any questions with this matter.  Thanks! Ben 
 The meeting regarding the Teco Structure will be held in 3125 at 3:00pm.  If you have any questions please give me a call.  Thanks Be3-7998 
 Here is Don Black's presentation on his price risk management structure. Ben 
 Here is the latest presentation on Teco.  It was presented to Dave Delainey and others.  Let me know if you have any questions. Ben 
 Here is another presentation, like the other one I sent to you last week.  We only need 6 copies of this one in color in a spiral binder.  Please give me a call if you have any questions.  Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 Rick: Here is the file with the performance data we worked on for the 2000's.  A Brownsville tab has been added - could you please assist us in putting this data together for Brownsville.  Please give me a call if you have any questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 Here is the pricing from Yvan.  Lets talk about it when you get a chance. Thanks Ben 
 Here are the new Fixed O&M numbers without maintenance reserve.  Let me know if you have any questions regarding these numbers.  Thanks for you help. Ben 
 Here is the latest LM 6000 Model. Ben 
 Here is the presentation that Don abd I gave to Entergy today.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is the presentation Bruce was referring to.  Thanks ben 
 Basically, having chillers in the project (running at full load) will increase the Heat Rate by approximately 50 degrees (ie. if HR is 10,465 w/o chillers to 10,409 w chillers).  Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks Ben 
 Here is the presentation.  Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks Ben 
 Here is a presentation that I need by 11:00am Thursday.  The presentation is almost complete,  but if you can clean it up that would be great.   I will need 8 coler copies and bound. Please give me a call before you have someone run the copies, because we may have some early morning changes. Thanks Ben 
 Here is the latest LM 6000 model.  Let go through it this afternoon.  Thanks  Ben 
 I talked to Tom Swank this morning on UAE and he feels that we need to have Nepco still send out their best EPC number to UAE.  Tom said he can buy some time from UAE, so that Nepco can send out the number the middle of next week.  I talked to Bruce this morning and he was having Nepco continue to put information together on UAE.  Thanks! Ben 
 Hey: If you are working today (Saturday - 11/18) give me a call at work or try me a t home.  Thanks! Ben 
 Go ahead make fun!  But when I kick your ass in the NYC Marathon then who will be making fun.  Spealing of Houston Enron Field opens up tomorrow against the Yankees for a little pre-season game.  It is an incredible ballpark.  When will you be back in the area?  See ya Ben 
 Rich: Here is the latest model with the Nepco costs.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks Ben 
 My current golf game! Ben 
 Page 8 of presentation. 
 Here is the presentation.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks Ben 
 First of all, I am going to run the NYC Marathon and kick both of your asses.  Lets put a little wager on this.  I headed to the Final Four this weekend and for a little opening day at Cinergy Field to see Ken G. knock some homers.  A lot is going on with work and I'm also trying to figure out about grad school.  I potentially have an offer to go work at an investment bank in NYC (Merrill and CSFB)  Need to figure this out soon.  Those pictures looked great from Bahrain and those other places.  Hope all is going well and keep in touch.  See ya Ben 
 Here is the latest Kinder-Morgan update from Scott.  As you know, these guys have alot of generation and are under pressure to get several projects done soon.  I also think that your price risk management structure would be a good product for them. Ben 
 Here are the Regional Heat Rates that should help you with the structuring models.  Give me a call if you have any questions. Ben 
 Thanks for the e-mail and the information.  Let's talk some more next week. Hope you had a good weekend at the wedding. Ben 
 michaelpshannon@yahoo.com 
 Ben: Again, thanks for your interest in these assets.  Attached is a brief summary of these assets.  We will also be sending you the DealBench information and passwords.  Please give me a call if you have any additional questions. Thanks! Ben 
 First of all you may be skinny, but your a skinny geek - oh does that sound? I am sending in my application in this week.  Regarding grad school, I have gotten a couple of no's, but haven't heard from all the school's, but I am considering a position with an investment bank in NYC in their global power M&A Group.  Good money but I would put off grad school a couple of years and by that time who knows, maybe night school at that time.  I am training for the MS 150, which is th 170 mile bike race to Austin.  And you call me fatty!!  I'm heading the the Final Four next week - I ended up getting Mike Gioffre's Dad a couple of tickets, so he will in Indy.  OB and I went out to dinner in NYC when I was up their last week.  We went to a really expensive sushi place - it was awesome.  He seams to be doing well - he is considering going to a dot.com.  Gotta go!  I'll talk to you soon. Ben 
 Here is the latest model that I have put together for the LM 6000 deals. Clement is now working with Don Miller on the valuation of Genco. Ben 
 Mike: My Dad has the tickets and is going to keep them with him.  He doesn't want them to get lost in the mail.  We are staying in Cincinatti and are driving over Sat and Monday for the games.  The best thing to do is meet at a certain gate # or the "will call window".  I will call your Dad next week and set things up on a meeting place before the game.  Leave me your Dad's home number so I can call him next week.  These guys are going to have a great time that weekend.  Talk to you soon. Ben Home #: 713-355-8738 Work #: 713-853-7998 
 Dr. Harris: I would like to thank you for personally taking the time to closely review my application. Though I am disappointed with the results I am still determined to attend The TEXAS Graduate School of Business next year.  I understand how competitive the process has become, but I felt that with my work experiences, recommendations, personality, extracurricular activities, etc. that this would compensate for my disability.  After talking with Professors Titman, Ronn, Brown and Jemison, I was sure that the School was the right place to get the education I was looking for. I am still certain that the School is the best place for getting a great graduate-level education, so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year.  I plan on taking two or three graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions committee that I can compete at the graduate level. I also plan on retaking the GMAT test.  Due to my disability, this will be a monumental task; but I am determined to prove to the Committee that I can be successful at The TEXAS Graduate School of Business.  I would like to come down to Austin this spring to meet with you to further discuss my application file and to personally meet you. If you think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know.  Take care and hope to hear from you soon.  Sincerely,  Ben Rogers 
 Professor Ronn: I would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the MBA Program.  In the end, the results were not favorable.  I understand that it is a competitive process, but I felt that with my work experiences, recommendations, extracurricular activities, etc., that this would help my chances and possibly compensate for my disability.  After talking with you and Professors Titman, Brown and Jemison, I was sure that UT was the right place to continue learning about energy-finance. I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate-level education, so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year.  I plan on taking two or three graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions office that I can compete at this level. I also plan on trying to retake the GMAT test.  Due to my disability, this will be a monumental task, but I am determined to prove to the Admissions commitee that I can excel with the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business. Thanks again for taking the time to listen and talk with me.  It has been a pleasure meeting you and I hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the future.  Also, if you can think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know. Take care and hope to hear from you soon.  Sincerely,  Ben Rogers 
 Professor Titman: I would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the MBA Program.  In the end, the results were not favorable.  I understand that it is a competitive process, but I felt that with my work experiences, recommendations, extrcurricular activities, etc., that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my disability.  After talking with you and Professors Ronn, Brown and Jemison, I was sure that UT was the right place to continue learning about energy-finance. I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate-level education, so I want you to know that I am going to do what ever it takes to get in next year.  I plan on taking a couple of graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions office that I can compete at this level. I also plan on trying to retake the GMAT test.  Due to my disability, this will be a monumental task, but I am determined to prove to the Admissions committment that I can do the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business. Also, I would like to continue our dialague regarding creating an Energy-Finance Private Equity Fund at UT.  I know that with my industry-wide and investment banking contacts that I can help raise capital for the fund. I am very interested in energy-finance and think that your idea is a very good. Thanks again for taking the time to listen and talk with me.  It has been a pleasure to meet with you and I hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the future.  Also, if you think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know. Take care and hope to hear from you soon.  Sincerely,  Ben Rogers 
 Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks Ben 
 Sorry about that, I was working on the Teco O&M costs.  Thanks Ben 
 I will have those this morning. Thanks Ben 
 I guess I can't disagree with that.  Thats fine. Ben 
 Ann: Here is the list of people who were responsible for helping put together the Info Memo for the Peakers.  Please give me a call if you have any questions. Thanks Ben 
 Only send me 2 of the Final Four tickets please.  Thanks Ben 
 Hey!  How was DC?  Did JV get to meet the woman of his dreams?  Megan went to NYC for the week - its her spring break.  I am finding out whether I can send your parents the tickets early or if we will meet them at the "will call window" at the RCA Dome.  These are box seats so I don't know if we can get them earlier or not.  Looks like it going to be a very interesting Final Four.  See ya! Ben 
 Thanks for getting those tickets - it sounds like its going to be a great opening day.  If you can FEDEX them to my office address that would be great.  Do you know who has the Final Four tickets?  Thanks Ben  Office Address: Attn: Ben Rogers Floor 3116d Enron Corp 1400 Smith Street Houston, TX 77002 
 Here is the latest model.  Let talk about it ASAP. Ben 
 Here are the new Fixed O&M numbers.  I have not talked to Teco yet to clarify the other expenses, si these are just taking out the Marketing Fee.  Thanks Ben 
 Could e-mail me a copy of your latest model for Teco.  Thanks Ben 
 Thanks for taking care of this for me.  The 2 tickets to the Reds is great. Thanks again with the Final Four tickets as well.  Hope all is well and talk to you soon. Ben 
 Here is Don Black's presentation he did in Florida at the Infocast Conference. Ben 
 Dr. Harris: Since I am a eternal optimist, I always feel I can strengthen my skills in most everything I do, but under these circumstances with the GMAT (timed exam) combined with my disability, I feel this is my best representation for this exam.  Also, I know that you would not what me to take the exam just to retake it, but due to my strong desire to attend The TEXAS Graduate School of Business, I would try to provide any additional information you needed to help strengthen my overall application file.  Again, thanks for the fast response to my e-mail.  Hope to hear from you soon!  Sincerely, Ben 
 Dr. Harris: Sorry for the delay, I have been traveling with work and I just got back an hour ago.  I can try and retake the GMAT exam if this will help my overall application file.  I must say, due to my disability, I don't think my score would improve dramatically.  I can also send you a summary (or the whole report) on my disability from the professional examiner to further explain my disability.  I can also provide addition recommendations from my colleagues I work with to further demonstrate my achievements at work.  If you could let me know what information would help best  explain my disability, I would appreciate it.  Thanks again for your e-mail and sorry for the delay. Ben 
 Here are the names of the plant managers: Wheatland - Chris Norris Lincoln - Merle Churchill Gleason - Pete McCormick Thanks! Ben 
 I have been out of the office until now, so I will talk to you later today about the model.  Thanks Ben 
 Sorry for the late reply, I was in NYC and Boston on one of my deals.  The two companies I talked about was Relient and Entergy.  Relient ended up buying 19 LM 6000 turbines and Entergy ended up buying 28 LM 6000 turbines. They both plan to put them into customer deals, just as we are doing - so there is a little competition.  The delivery dates are a little further out than ours but they all are probably delivered by 2003.  Hope this helps. Talk to you soon. Ben 
 I will be back Wednesday night.  Please leave me a message if you need anything. Hope your presentation goes well! Ben 
 I just wanted to let you know that I sent this letter to Dr. Harris addresses his concerns and stating my commitment to succeeding at The Texas Graduate School of Business.  I hope I have done what it takes to prove that I can succeed at the School.  Thanks again for your help and interest.  Sincerely, Ben 
 Just wanted to let you know that I joined the ECC and so I get their messages  know.  Thanks for keeping me in the loop. Ben 
 Ginger: I was referred to you by Kay Chapman.  I have not received my W-2 Form.  Are you able to print out a duplicate ASAP.  I can come and pick it up when it is ready.  Thanks for your help. Ben Rogers 3-7998 
 Thanks for your help. 
 If you can fit this on one page that would be great.  Thanks Ben 
 Steve: A friend of mine from Kinder/Morgan called and they had a deal fall through on them that was designe dfor 4 LM 6000's.  They have 2 MVA transformers, 3 breakers and switchgear and bus work equipment that they are looking to get rid of. Please let me know if you guys are interested.  Thanks! Ben 
 Here is the latest Teco presentation from Don Blank. Ben 
 Just to give you an update, I reeived an e-mail from Dr. Carl Harris, who is currently in charge of my application in the admission's office.  He wants me to answer a few questions to make sure I can handle the coursework.  That is why I wanted to meet with you and Professors' Titman and Brown, to discuss the coursework and to talk to you about my strengths and weaknesses.  I know that with my financial modeling and accounting skills, energy-finance background, and the Business' School's team-oriented approach to learning, that I will excel in this type of learning environment.  I hope things work out and thanks again for your help. Ben 
 Just wanted to let you know that I received an e-mail from Dr. Carl Harris, who at this point is in charge of my application.  He wants me to answer a few questions, making sure I will be able to handle the MBA coursework.  That was one of my main reasons for meeting with you and the Professors' Ronn and Brown, is to talk to you about the course work and inform you of my strengths and weaknesses, to make sure I could do the work.  I know that with my financial modeling and accounting skills, energy-finance background and the Business School's team-oriented approach to learning, that I will excel in this learning environment.  I will convey this message and others to him by tomorrow.  I hope things workout and thanks again for your help. Ben 
 Here are the research reports that Don Miller got from Raymond James's Research Group.  The second report I believe is the report that you are looking for.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks Ben 
 Mark: I did not locate the policy form, but the cap on giving to a Non-Profit is $5,000 per person per year.  Let me know if you need anything else. Ben 
 The site conditions for the Perth Airport, which is a few miles fro Parlin is the following: Elevation:  66 ft. (basically sealevel) Weather Data: 1% occurance data dry bulb is based on 95 degrees, coincident wet bulb is 69 degrees, based off of 35 hours run a the 95 degrees.  This information is from Bruce Golden. Ben 
 In regards to the LD's, we do not agree with these LD's at this high level. In regards to the 5 year warrenty, I think we are only interested in a one year warrenty.  Thanks Ben 
 The name of the new head of generation at KN is Anthony Lannie: (713) 844-9592 (w) Formerly of Coastal, where he developed and originated a total of approx. 4,000 MW's.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is the latest model.  Thanks Ben 
 Lloyd Don Miller - "Don" from ENA Thanks, Ben 
 Meg: I would like to make sure that I have fully explained the reason for my GMAT score.  If the admissions office needs me to provide documentation on this disability I can do that.  Due to this disability, the GMAT score is not a good indicator of how I will do at UT.  Through what I have learned in my work experiences with State Street Bank and Enron, I know that I will be able to successfully do the work that UT requires.  If you could let me know what I can do to further explain my GMAT score I would greatly appreciate it.  If you think it would be better to talk to Dr. Harris-I will do that.  Thanks again for taking the time to help me with this issue. Ben 
 Professor Titman: Thank you for talking with the people in the admissions office.  I wanted to ask you what you think I could do at this point to help the admission's people understand the reason for my GMAT score.  I know that this is a poor reflection of what I can actually achieve and I know that I will do well and be successful in the learning environment at UT.  If I need to, I can provide the admissions office the documents stating the disability.  If you can let me know what you think I can do, I would appreciate it.  Thanks agin! Ben 
 Here is the latest model.  Let me know if you have any comments.  Then we should talk to Don.  Thanks Ben 
 Thanks!  The second report was the one I was referring to. Ben 
 I will still kick your ass anyday of the week - dirtbag!  I have done three times as many races as you virginboy, so put that in your pipe and smoke it. 
 Professor Ronn: I received an e-mail from Meg Brooks in the admissions office stating that I would be hearing from them this week.  I hope things work out and I can be contributing to and learning from the program next year.  Thanks again for all your help.  Hope to hear from you soon. Ben 
 Professor Titman: I received an e-mail from Meg Brooks in the admissions office stating that I would be hearing from them this week.  I hope things work out and I can be contributing to and learning from the program next year.  Thanks again for all your help.  Hope to hear from you soon. Ben 
 Thanks for your fast response.  I really hope all goes well and that I have done enough to demonstrate that I can contribute and be successful in the program.  Thanks again! Ben 
 Here is the final portion of the presentation. Ben 
 Press release looked good.  You probably haven't had a chance to talk to Dave.  Yesterday he was in the PRC meetings all day and today is the Enron board meeting, where he is giving a presentation.  I did talk to Kay, his assistant, and he was planning on returning your call today.  Again, congrats on the release. Ben 
 Here sis part 2 of Skillings presentation. Ben 
 Here is Part 1 of Skillings presentation! Ben 
 Tina: Ben T. sent where the deal sheets are located but I do not have access to either of these folders.  We may want to have somebody who has access to these to track these deals while Ben is out.  Let me know. Thanks Ben 
 Things are going well here in the States.  Work is very busy right now and i am actually training to  do the MS 150 Bike race.  It a race from Houston to Austin.  It's a 170 mile, two day ride with about 5,000 bikers.  It's on April 16th and 17th.  I rode this weekend only 40 miles.  Yes I am going todo the NYC Marathon and for you virgins, I will kick your fat asses.  Darnit, I wanted a pet Camel for our apartment.  Yes I got your message last week - I had just stepped away from my desk and just missed you.  When do you get back?  Sometime in the Summer.  By the summer I hope to be in the 185 range, currently I'm right at 200!!!  Not very good.  I have been talking with Mike Gioffre lately and were trying to get people together this spring or summer. I'll let you know when.  Gotta go, but I'll talk to you soon. Ben 
 Meg: I was wondering if you are able to give me an idea of when I would hear from the Admissions Office.  My application has been with the office since Jan. 21st.  UT is my first choice and I am very interested to hear form the School.  Thank you for your help and hope to hear from you soon.  Thanks! Ben 
 I talked to Bruce on Friday around 5:00pm and they are getting us, as well as Nepco, the scope document on Wednesday.  Nepco will take till the following Monday to turn the doc. around.  I told him we need it sooner than that, but he seems to think that is the standard time of return.  We need to find out from Reed more information regardin the configuration, noise, water, etc.  We will meet with Bruce on Wednesday.  We also may want to think about going up there with an Engineer to visit the site.  We can talk more on Monday. Ben 
 Are you going to D.C. for St. Patty's Day? 
 Here is the bike club info. Ben 
 Don't foul me - You know you mean to be a pain in the ass - it's your nature!!!!  Hope we can get together sometime this spring - D.C. if possible.  Have a good weekend.  Talk to you next week. Ben 
 We don't have the tickets just yet.  I will look into it and try to get them sometime next week.  In the past week we didn't get them until the week before the tourney.  I will let you know ASAP.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 Here is the new Value tabs for the Genco Valuation model.  The start payment/ turbine has not been changed and a I am working with Kevin Presto to get this nailed down.  Evergything else is up to date.  I am doing a check on all the property tax numbers.  Thanks Ben 
 Give me a call when you begin to go through this.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is the information. Ben 
 Meeting with Scot Healy on Calpine pricing will be at 3:00pm down on this floor. Ben 
 New Calpine Model 
 Here is the new value tabs.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks Ben 
 Here are the final notes from the meeting with RPU.  Let me know if you have any questions. Ben 
 Here is Don's presentation.  Ben 
 Here is my time sheet for the week of March 1st.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is the presentation that Don is giving tomorrow.  Thought you would be interested in seeing what he was speaking about. Ben 
 Thanks! Ben 
 Meeting with Carl Livermore on the Synthetic CC will be at 9:00am on Wednesday down at his desk.  Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 Here is the latest numbers for the project models.  I am still working on getting the property taxes for Gleason.  Give me a call if you have any questions.  Ben 
 Please let Thomas know that I will not be able to make the meeting tomorrow b/c I will be with Don Black. Thanks, Ben 
 Were all set.  You and your dad should fly into Indianapolis Saturday morning or early afternoon.  You need to look on a Website for when the games begin that day.  We are actually flying into Cinci and driving over.   Again, look at a website to see what time the Final game is on Monday night.  Give me a call so when can go over meeting before the game to get you the tickets. Talk to you soon.  Work number is (713) 853-7998. Ben 
 Here is the new presentation.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is a presentation I need by 12:00 this morning.  I need 1 set of transparencies and 40 color copies, where these copies are stapled and three-holed punched at the top.  If graphics can "clean it" up a little bit that would be great..  I am trying to finish one more slide in this presentation but please go forward with this due to time constraints.  Please give me a call if you have any questions. Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 Meeting with Carl Livermore from structuring on Monday afternoon at 1:00 down on 29 at Carl's desk.  We will be discussing the synthetic CC structure.  Ben 3-7998 
 It would be a trading/marketing power position.  My goal is to understand power markets in detail and this would be a way to do just that.  My # is 713-853-7998. 
 I will have property taxes for Gleason tomorrow and I will be talking with Jody Pierce regarding the Fixed Operating #'s and cost numbers as well.  When I talked with Kevin Presto he thought that trying to use the 99 actual numbers and then escalting them was NOT a good idea, due to the fact that these are not "normal" operating assumptions.  Please give me a call if you have any questions. Ben 
 Please use the Transco Zone 6 NON New York curve for the transaction we were talking about for Don Black. Thanks Ben 3-7998 
 Here you go!  Let me know if you need anything else. Ben 
 Here is the most recent Teco presentation.  Thanks  Ben 
 Yes I am working on that with Bruce Golden to reduce that.  It should be more like 5 to 6 months for the construction. Ben 
 Here is the latest Calpine model. Ben 
 Claire: Here is the information for the Calpine project that we talked about yesterday and that Jim Simpson sent you the e-mail about.  Hypothetical 4 LM 6000 Peaking Project in Eastern PJM VOM:  $2.23 H.R. 10,5000 Gas Curve: Transco Zone 6 Power Curve: East Hub Curve in PJM Commercial Operations Date: 6/1/01  We are looking for a 3 and 5 year capacity number ($/kw-mo.) one number for each time period.  Please let me know if you need any more information regarding the project.  Thanks for your help. Ben 
 Scot Chambers at 6-8371 
 The meeting with Rochester on Thursday at 9:00 am will be held in 3125a. Thanks Ben 
 Use Tenn. Zone 6 for the Gas Curve and NOT Transco Zone 6. Thanks Ben 
 Here are the assumptions you will need:  VOM:  $2.23 H.R.:  10,400 Cost/Start: $257.00 Power Curve: Nepool Start Date: 6/1/01 Gas Curve: Transco Zone 6  Need: 4 and 5 year capacity numbers ($/kW-mo.) on a yearly basis  Give me a call if you need any more information. Thanks Ben 
 Don Black said a good time ti meet this afternoon is 4:00pm.  I have a 2:00pm and I will call Claire in structuring to meet with her as well.  Give me a call if you have any questions. Thanks! Ben 
 Hey - Any luck with the Mid-Columbia last summer prices.  Thanks Ben 
 Good Afternoon!  If your able to get a total of 4 tickets to the game that would be great.  Thanks for your help with this matter. Ben 
 Wanted to see how the meeting with Don Black went regarding the "retail shorts" on Friday.  Lets catch up on the other deals. Thanks Ben 
 Thanks for the informative infomation session this past Friday.  Also, thank you for taking the time to listen to my situation regarding my application and talking to Dr. Harris for me.  After meeting with many of the faculty and staff (Professors Brown, Titman, Jemison & Ronn) at the School, my desire to attend the School is quite strong.  The School is a perfect fit for the career I am trying to pursue in energy and is a institution where I would be able to contribute to and learn from the energy-finance program due to my experiences with Enron.  Eventhough I have tested poorly on tests such as the GMAT, I feel that the rest of my application is quite strong and that I have proven that I can successfully compete in a competitive environment (ie. Enron).  I excel in environments (team-oriented) such as described by the many people I talked with at the Texas B-School. Again, thanks for taking the time to talk with me about my application and it was good to see someone from Boston, who lived in DC and was now living in Texas, such as myself.  Regards,  Ben Rogers 
 It was good to see a fellow Yankee down in these here parts.  I got some really good feedback from all the people I talked with.  I think that UT would be a good fit for what I'm trying to do afterwards - with there energy-finance concentration and investment fund.  Plus it would be fun living in Austin for a couple of years.  When your in Houston next time wh can grab some drinks and go to dinner.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 I talked to Mary Lou on Thursday afternoon and she said that we were all set with tickets (6) in the box seats.  Does this sound correct?  Thanks for your help in getting these tickets.  Hope you had a good weekend. Ben 
 I will let you know by tomorrow what the exact times of the games begin on Saturday so when can fly in on Sat.  We ended up working around the apartment and getting things in order.  Pretty boring but nice.  I ran this morning and played outdoor b-ball, it was really nice outside.  Hope we can get together soon b/c it was good to see you and Susan for dinner last week.  Talk to you this week. Ben 
 Here is the most recent copy of the presentations.  Don - please call Jinsung if you need any changes.  I will be in on Monday, so leave me a message if you need something for the beginning of next week.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is the Calpine model.  We are still missing the VOM.  Leave me a message if there needs to be work done over the weekend or on Monday.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is the Teco model from the client.  I will also send you the Teco presentation I was working on for Don Black.  He might call you tomorrow to work on it a little bit. Ben 
 Here is a copy of the flow of funds for the Teco Project.  Please give Don Black a call if you have any questions.  Thanks Ben 
 John wanted me to send it to you.  We are going to ask Jinsung what the differences are once he gets out of this meeting.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is the Rochester model. Ben 
 Professor Ronn: Thank you for your reply.  I have a meeting at 9:00 am, but I am free from 10:00 am to 1:00 am.  If you could let me know what the best time for me to stop by your office I would appreciate it.  I look forward to meeting you tomorrow.  Ben Rogers 
 Here is the Calpine model.  Give me a call if you have any questions.  Have not gotten the power curve or the VOM.  Thanks Ben 
 If you could also let me know if you can get 4 tickets at the Cinergy Field box for opening day on Monday the 3rd.  The game is at 1:00pm on Sunday! Thanks! Ben 
 I am finally getting some responses on the Final Four tickets.  I will know by next week the final numbers.  As of now it looks very optimistic.  I am trying to get two tickets for you and your Dad.  I think my dad and I are going and a buddy of mine and his dad.  It will be a lot of fun.  Let me know where you guys will be flying into and where you might stay.  See ya Ben 
 I actually just talked to Mary Lou this morning, because my dad e-mailed me this morning to get 6 tickets for the Final Four for both Saturday and Sunday (April 1st and 3rd).  Thanks for the e-mail. Ben 
 Here is the form that needs to given to Scot Chambers once CTG fills it out with the originator. Ben 
 Let me know what UAE says about the water source and how it will effect the new facility, so we can finalize the O&M numbers. Thanks Ben 
 Thanks for the heads up, but I need to finish this model. Thanks! Ben 
 Here is the turbine availability sheet.  I confirmed that there are 3 GE 7 FA's. Ben 3-7998 
 "Politics is supposed to be the second-oldest profession. I have come to realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first." -- Ronald Reagan 
 Bruce: This is an e-mail from Rochester to Oscar discussing the transaction. Thought it would be helpful. Ben 
 I sent over to Scot Chambers a one page summary of Rochester and the one page project eval form that always needs to be filled out before getting O&M numbers to Scot.  He knows that we need the numbers by Wednesday afternoon. Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks Ben 
 Here is the summary of the Rochester deal.  Oscar, Russ and I would like to sit down with you tomorrow to discuss the specifics of the deal. Please let me know if you need anymore info than this and let me know what time is best for you.  Thanks in advance for your time. Ben 
 Here is the updated deal sheet for the GTD group.  Thanks! Ben 
 Here is the GE contract! Ben 
 Here is the summary for UAE transaction.  Thanks Ben 
 I wasn't sure you had this summary page for UAE.  Thanks Ben 
 I thought I sent this earlier, but there are some problems with the system so here it is again.  This is the deal sheet for the week of Monday Feb. 14th. I will go through it with Ben and show him how to track the deals and update the deal sheet on a weekly basis.  If you have any questions, please give me a call. Ben 3-7998 
 Thanks for the reply!  I will be driving to Austin Friday morning and 9:00 am looks like a good time to meet.  My afternoon (1:00-5:00) is full with a information session, meeting with other Professors (Titman, Ronn and Jemison) and an Admissions interview.  I would appreciate it if you could send me your office location, so I can meet you at 9:00am on Friday.  Thanks again for taking the time to meet with me.  Look forward to meeting you.  Ben Rogers 
 Sorry about getting to go through this with you.  We can do this on Monday. Have a good weekend. Ben 
 Jeff Donahue heads up the Corp. Development group for ENA, which Don Miller and I work in.  Jeff is Don's supervisor and Don is mine.  I have been with this group since around May.  Thanks for the quick action with this. Regards, Ben 
 Here is her e-mail address.  Again, thanks so much for sending this e-mail. margaret.dutton@bus.utexas.edu 
 Hey, I talked with Paul Burkhart and he told me the woman at UT B-School is Margaret Dutton, so if your still able to send an e-mail to her in support of my application I would appreciate it.  Thanks again!  Ben 
 Mr. Titman: I have not heard back from Professor Ronn, so I am not sure as of now whether or not I can meet with him.  I will give him another call today to see if he is available.  Thanks Ben 
 Here is the my deal summaries for the weekly deal sheet.  Thanks Ben 
 Thanks for the fast reply.  I changed it online, but I wanted to make sure I wasn't booked for two different times.  Also, are you able to tell me who I will be meeting with?  I am meeting with a couple professors before my Admissions Visit and just wanted to know who I was going to meet with from your office.  Thanks! Ben 
 Meeting will be at 10:30 in 3125!  See you there. Ben 
 Sounds Good!  Thanks for the e-mail! Ben 
 Here is the copy of the GE Contract for the LM 6000's. Ben 
 Are you able to meet with Tom and I on a different project, which includes LM 6000's.  I have begun the modeling and we wanted to run through the numbers of this facility with you.  Please let me know what is a good time for you to meet with us.  Thanks Ben 
 Mr. Titman: Thanks for your fast reply.  Regarding Friday the 18th, I currently have a 1:00 pm information session and a meeting with someone in the Admissions Office at 3:00 pm.  How does the morning work for you?  I look forward to meeting with you.  Thanks again!  Ben 
 Mike: Just wanted to let you know how everything went with the Marathon if you haven't heard already.  My time was a little slower (4:27: 53), but I finished and my goal of not walking was kept.  I now want you to focus in on is the MS150 in April.  We are both doing it and yes, I will give you your bike back to do it.  I think this would be something really fun to train for and to participate in.  Talk to you soon. Ben 
 Do you have time to meet with Tom Swank and me on another project, which includes four LM 6000's.  I have begun the modeling, thus we wanted to run through with you the configuration of this 