 I'll tell you what.  You give us your "want"  list and we'll make sure you can do it all. Of course, after you assemble the chair.  What was Lowery doing in San Antonio??  KR 
 Thanks for the gift certificate. You shouldn't have done that.  I'm heading to San Francisco tomorrow for 5 days.  I'll talk to you when I get back.  Kevin 
 Let's shoot for 6:30am on Friday.  I should be able to meet for about 15 minutes.  Let me know if this works for you.  Kevin 
 Sounds great.  Let me know what your schedule is like.  Kevin 
 Please send me a few recommended B&Bs and restaurants.  Thanks for your help.  Kevin  My email at home is kruscitti@aol.com (I think). 
 Good to hear from you.  The name of the jeweler is William Crescent and his phone number is (708) 418-5075.  He is located in Lansing IL and his address is 18049 Torrence Ave Lansing, IL  60438  Let him know I recommended him and if he doesn't remember me tell him I was referred by Greg Penmann and Mike Curry.  They both bought their engagement rings from Bill.  He's a pretty cool guy so just tell him what your looking for in terms of cut, clarity, color, and carat.  He'll receive a number of stones that fit your description and describe them over the phone.  He should encourage you to shop his prices.  I found him to be very competitive.  Let me know how it goes.  Are you available to meet next Tuesday afternoon around 4pm.  Let me know.  Kevin 
 Thanks.  Is there something I could do to facilitate the process.  KR 
 Any word.  I've been waiting for a while on this issue.  Kevin 
 Thanks for the update.  Let me know when everything is a go. 
 You're correct, I am saddened to see such a great x-Philly treated so poorly.  I often look back with wonder at how much ground Stocker would cover at the shortstop position, not to mention his tremendous power for a man of such small stature.  He could only be compared to x-Philly and future hall of famer - Ivan DeJesus.  The only uncertainty is whether or not Ivan will elect to be inducted under the Philly or Cubs uniform.  On the house front,  we purchased one and moved in at the beginning of May. It's a fixer-upper. All our weekends are spent working on it.  I gotta run, but thanks for the email.  Let me know how everything is going in your world.  Tell Rina and the kids we said hi.  Kevin 
 Sell 'em all.  There's no turnaround in sight.  What's going on??  KR 
 I forgot, we have a new telephone # (713) 880-4157.  I'll pick you up on Thursday and I'll take Friday off.  Looking forward to seeing you.  KR 
 Thank you.  Kevin 
 I have no additional info.  I was waiting to hear back from you.  I'll give them a call.  Kevin 
 Unfortunately there're not.  I already checked. 
 Thanks 
 Everything is correct except from my location - 3234B. Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 I'll be in town all weekend.  Looking forward to seeing you.  Anything in particular you want to do in the Lone Star State.  KR 
 F.P.,  Do you have your schedule yet?  Let me know as soon as you can.  I need to schedule a trip with work and I'll schedule it around your visit.  Looking forward to seeing you.  KR 
 Still waiting to hear back about your possible visit.  Any word?  Kevin 
 Thought you might find this interesting!!  http://www.fortune.com/   XXOOXXOO,  Kevin 
 Did you pull the trigger? 
 Debra,  Could you call me when we're set to trade w/ Cinnabar?  Thanks for your help, I appreciate it.  Kevin x3-6320 
 T.J.  Thanks for the picture.  I'm glad you guys like the gift.  Luke looks just like Rena, huh?  As far as Ricigs goes, I don't have his phone # or address.  I think Moller does though. Let me know  if you need his #.  Take care and tell Rena and Luke we said hi.  Kevin 
 We will be in town.  It would be great to see you and Marie.  Sorry for the delayed response, I seem to check my emails around once every 2 weeks.  I hope you could make it out.  I'll check into some things to do.  Let me know.  Kevin 
 We should be in town that week.  I'll make sure we save the date.  Kevin 
 Kelly,  I spoke with my friend and he mentioned that Michael was already talking to 2 firms and he didn't want to recommend a third at this time.  I told him that if anything changes, let me know. It was worth a try anyway.  I'll talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 That would be great.  Let me know so I could get tix to a ballgame if the Astros are in town that weekend. I'm going to the game next Monday to see McGwire and the Cards.  Glad to hear everything's going well.  I got a call from Peremes on Saturday.  She heard I got engaged and was pissed I didn't tell her.  I think she's smoking serious crack 'cause I told her when I talked to her about 6 mos. ago.  I guess she just chose to ignore me as usual.  Talk to you soon.  KR  P.S.  We just closed on a house this past Friday.  It's in need of some serious work.  Hopefully it'll be habitable by the time you see it. 
 Chump,  Long time no hear.  Sorry it's taken me so long to touch base with you. Between work, the wedding, and the fact that we just purchased a house (pending inspections) I've been pretty stressed. As far as the wedding goes Lisa and I have decided to scale down considerably.  We're only going to have immediately family and the folks in the wedding party.  For me that includes you of course, Moller, Kampy and Peremes (even though she won't be in the wedding).  Don't tell her though, she's the only one I haven't mentioned anything to.  I'll make sure you and Moller get to share a room.  I feel kinda bad about not inviting Lowery since I was in his wedding, but I don't feel like dealing with Kim.  She's really annoyed me the last few times I've seen her.  We still plan on having it at the B&B in Long Beach Island.  We'll have a catered dinner for about 45 folks. It should be more manageable and cheaper this way.  Do you have the exact date when you'll move back to the states?  I'm psyched you'll be a lot closer.  You could swing over to Houston and check out the new house.  By that time we should have it in decent shape. We bought the ugliest, most beat-up house on the block.  It definitely needs a lot of work.  We'll be busy for the next year working on it.  I think when it's done,  it'll look pretty cool.  Anyway,  send me an email and let me know how everything's going and when you'll be back.  Take care and tell Marie we said hi.  Kevin 
 We'd love to go to the opener.  Let's talk Monday.  I don't know if I'll be able to get downstairs by 11:00am, so let's work something out.  Kevin 
 http://www.fortune.com/ 
 Kevin Ruscitti  Gas Trading (Central)  Hunter Shively  Long Term Origination, Power Structuring  May 5, 1998  Gas Trading is my final rotation.  This is my permanent position.  If you have any questions, call me at X3-8530.  Thanks, Kevin Ruscitti 
 Congrats Murli,  Sorry it's taken me so long to get back to you.  I'm glad you accepted a job at Enron. I know you'll enjoy it.  As far as ECI goes, what group is this?  Is this the Communications group?  I would not recommend EES however.  I think you're experience would be better at ECT (now ENA) or Enron Communications.   Give me a call at 713-853-6320 (W) and we can talk.  Also I'm still in an apt so I don't know any real estate brokers to refer you to.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 713-853-6320 (W) 713-830-0671 (H) 
 Dave,  It was great getting a chance to finanlly meet the other night.  Hope you enjoyed dinner.  Since then, I've been thinking abt some of our conversation re: the PBR.  I have a quick question - why wouldn't you under withdraw in Feb and over withdraw in Mar if Mar is currently higher than Feb.  You could lock this in by buying Mar forward.  Also,  what happens if you withdraw in Mar and the Summer peaks higher than what you withdrew at?  How is this accounted for?  I'll talk to you after you get back from Houston.  Kevin 
 I hope that didn't surprise you.  You notice that our avg GMATs are stronger than Harvards. 
 Congratulations!!  I couldn't be happier for you two.  How's Rena feeling - probably relieved, huh? Thanks for the call with the news.  We were out for the day, that's why didn't get back to you.  I'll try you today.  Kevin  P.S.  Great Name 
 You gotta get more current jokes.  That one's been floating around for quite some time now.  How's everything in SF?  Have you moved into your new office?  KR 
 Leroy,  Thanks for the email.  Sorry it took so long to get back to you - I actually am just catching up with my emails now - Friday at 5pm.  I'm interested in talking to you about the lunch discussion.  Kevin 3-6320 
 Great to hear from you as always.  It'll be great to have you back in the states.  By the way, I attached a copy of the boys. I hope it comes across OK.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin   - DCP00617.BMP 
 Great to hear from you.  Things have been going well in Houston.  Lisa is working for Johnson Controls. It must be a long time since we've talked b/c she's been with Johnson for about 5 months.  I love my new job - I'm trading gas up in the Midwest market area - Illinois and Michigan.  Things have been incredibly busy.  The wedding plans have changed considerably.  As I'm sure you can relate to, the stress of planning combined with the input of so many others have made us decide to have a wedding with only our folks there and not even have a reception.   We figured we could put the money toward a house and save a lot of anger, frustration and stress.  How's the job, new house, and Terri doing?  Have you been to many Bears games?  The Scarlet Knights have been so inconsistent this year.  I think a lot is due to their youth.  Let's talk soon.  Kevin 
 Chris,  Please take a look at the attached language and forward it to Stacey for her comments.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 Anne Marie,  Unfortunately, it doesn't look like I'll be able to interview at UCLA on the 11th. Keep me in mind for next time though.  Kevin 
 Murli,  Great to hear from you.  I'm glad you accepted the offer - I'm sure you'll enjoy you're experience at Enron.  Good luck during your final semester.  Kevin 
 That is if you ever get you LLC set up.  Look forward to trading with you in 2001.  KR 
 Joke, huh? 
 Davis,  Let me know if this helps.  kevin 
 If I understand you correctly, it may depend to an extent on season basis differentials as well. Why don't you give me a call so I could better understand what you're trying to do.  Kevin x3-6320 
 I received the email.  Thanks,  kevin 
 Dude,  What's your work #.  I need to give you a call.  Kevin 
 David,  I have attached a listing of all my Bid Week transactions.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Kevin Ruscitti (713) 853-6320 
 T.J.,  I need your LA address.  I'm sure I have it some place but I can't find it. How's everything going?  How's Rena?  Are you heading home for the holidays or staying in LA?  Also,  if you have Lowery's address and phone # could you forward it.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 You too.  Make sure you tell Paul I said Hi.  Kevin 
 Of course your Dad would be invited to anything we do, but if you'd rather spend the time alone with him that weekend we could always make it another weekend. The only problem with the 12th is that we'll be consumed with the move the entire weekend.  Let me know what works for you.  We're flexible after the 12th.  KR 
 The 12th isn't good for me b/c we're moving.   Any other weekend should be OK though.  Kevin 
 Didn't you say mapquest said it takes around 6 hrs to get to Houston from Corpus Dickhead? 
 Thanks,  Let me know if you're looking to sell some more, because I could do better than my EOL bid in this case.  Kevin 
 I'll tell you what.  You give us your "want"  list and we'll make sure you can do it all. Of course, after you assemble the chair.  What was Lowery doing in San Antonio??  KR 
 Thought you might find this interesting!!  http://www.fortune.com/   XXOOXXOO,  Kevin 
 http://www.fortune.com/ 
 Chris,  Please take a look at the attached language and forward it to Stacey for her comments.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 David,  I have attached a listing of all my Bid Week transactions.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Kevin Ruscitti (713) 853-6320 
 Thanks,  Let me know if you're looking to sell some more, because I could do better than my EOL bid in this case.  Kevin 
 Please sign me up.  Kevin Ruscitti  x3-6320 
 Please sign me up.  Thank you,  Kevin Ruscitti x3-6320 
 Please sign me up.  Kevin Ruscitti  x3-6320 
 We'll just be doing some house shopping.  I think we're going to postpone the upgrade to the existing house and look to buy a new house.  This would eliminate the need to move out for 6 months.  I'm dying to live in a house that is complete.  Anyway, besides this we don't seem to have much going on.  I'll just need to go into work for a few hours on Sunday.  Let me know what you want to do.  KR 
 You're correct, Enron doesn't get too involved in these conventions.  I don't know why.  It seems that some of the desks have some functions but mine never does.   My desk seems to be pretty apathetic (probably not a good thing).  I think we've relied, more than any of our other desks, on the financial and e-commerce sides of the business.  Probably not a great thing.  Anyway, lets get together for a cocktail or dinner sometime within the next month.  Did you guys move to the Galleria location yet.  Let me know - we'll go get a big steak at Morton's or Ruths' Chris.  I assume a country boy like you is into some good red meat.  KR 
 Stamos,  Glad everyone had a good time at Sweets'.  I hope he had a blast.  In terms of your email reply, you can have Calpine.  How are they going to make money long term if price caps are instituted?  This obviously would be the stupidest policy.  In addition their exposure to the CA crisis must be pretty significant - when and how are they going to get paid?  I wouldn't want to bank on the energy market in the most regulated state in the country.  Plus, if the state backs energy purchases, it's going to get to the point where who wants to own CA credit??  PG&E and Edison International are doomed, as they should be.  The state of CA is going to go down the tubes unless they find some good leadership.  Unfortunately, noone out there seems to have the least clue on how to solve the problem.  The politicians are a complete joke.  It is incredibly disheartening to witness the absolute stupidity of the CA politicians in addressing this issue.  They seem to be much more focused on finger pointing than coming up with a viable solution.  I honestly think they are incable of solving the problem.   KR 
 Did you go to any parties last night??  I was lame, I didn't go to a single one.  I heard there were some decent ones.  How's life at Duke been?  I haven't talked to you much since you've become a big ICE trader.   Talk to you soon.  KR 
 Stamos,  I don't think many buying opportunities out there.   The economy is going to get crushed this year.  There's only one place to put one's money now, and that is in cash. The manufacturing sector is in dire straits and you will continue to see an increase in plant shutdowns and company layoffs.  The Fed could continue to lower rates but there'll be little capital investment if consumer spending dries up.  I feel we've just seen the beginning. I think the Dow will be trading under 8000 by the end of April.  Psychologically, the California crisis will add to consumer fear.  The crisis is not a short term problem.  As a result, barring any Federal bailout, you could kiss that state's economy goodbye. Let me ask you a question; if you were paying (1) the highest real estate prices in the country, and (2) the highest energy prices for the least reliable power, in (3) the midst of a hi-tech meltdown, what would keep you or your company from closing shop and moving to a different state?? If you own any CA real estate, sell.  The only way to solve the CA energy crisis is to reduce demand or increase supply. Since CA doesn't want any power plants in its backyard, the supply issue likely won't be solved anytime soon.  So, how do impact demand??  You have to price energy(power/gas) so high that the discretionary user (household, manufacturer, commercial store) conserves by closing its plant, cutting back on the thermastat or running the commercial operation during off-peak hours.  California will see this reduction in demand over time.  If the blackouts subside it's because so many businesses have closed their doors for good or moved to another state.  Without this, the blackouts will get much worse. If the state tries to get into the business of buying and selling electricity and gas, I would bet it will go bankrupt within 2-3 yrs.  Could you imagine the impact on the national economy from the bankruptcy of the U.S.'s most prosperous state.  Obviously this is only my opinion, but I would keep my eyes on the energy markets - that's where the key to the turnaround lies.  Take Care and thanks for the email.   Kevin 
 That state will never be the same.  My prediction is that the state will be bankrupt within the next 2 years unless the Federal Gov't bails it out.  I hope Lowery has held off on buying his house.  Talk to you this weekend.  I blew off the Montana trip so I'll be home.  KR 
 Great to hear from you.  Looking forward to meeting in Houston for a baseball game. Conway will be in Corpis soon so we should be able to do a weekend.  We should start construction on the house in May - what an incredibly long process it is.  I definitely would not do it if I had to do it over again.  One redeeming factor is that we bought on a good block.  We definitely have the ugliest house on the block.  We should get a pop in real estate also when all the California companies start migrating to Texas.  Joking aside, unless you guys have incredibly mild weather this summer combined with a lot of rainfall, you're summer will suck.  There is no doubt that the CA economy is going to suffer a great recession.  You have a shortage of supply so the only way to ease the problem is to reduce demand.  This usually occurs when prices reach levels where the price sensitive buyers cut back.  However, with your boy Grey Davis pushing for price caps, this won't happen.   The next way for demand to be trimmed is for companies to leave, so this will probably need to happen to an extent for the problem to ease.  The other factor, of course, is that you could have an increase in supply - new power plants.  But being that the amt. of time it takes to develop and build a power plant in CA is about 3 times as long as in most other states combined with the fact that CA hasn't had a new power plant in the last 10 years, an increase in supply doesn't seem likely in the short term.  Again, this is only my opinion, so you could take it with a grain of salt.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 BL,  Have you experienced any blackouts yet?  I think you'll see a lot this summer. What does everyone think about the situation?  Do they think it's a threat or not?  I think the state is in for a horrific summer - I hope it doesn't turn out that way, but it'll be incredibly difficult to avoid.  Hope everything's going well with work and with the family.  When's the next time you'll be in Dallas?  Let me know.  KR 
 Please sign me up.  Thank you,  Kevin Ruscitti x3-6320 
 Brian,  Unfortunately I won't be able to make it, but thanks for the email.  Hope everything is going well with you.  Have a great time at the party and tell Sweets I said Happy B'day.  Kevin 
 Thought you might appreciate this.   - California_Dreamin'.gif 
 Wow, what a gracious thank you.  I'm speechless.  Hope everything's been going well lately.  I'll talk to you soon.  By the way, are you going to any events during Gas Fair?  Kevin 
 Congratulations to you and Rena.  When is the due date?  Kevin 
 Attached is a list of all non-index, bid week trades for Michcon, Consumers, and ML7. Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kevin Ruscitti (713) 853-6320 
 David,  Attached is a list of all my non-index, bid week trades (for March) for Michcon, Consumers and ML7. Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kevin Ruscitti (713) 853-6320 
 Cora,  We could go with the lower volume.  Please let me know when the deals are changed.  Thanks,  kevin 
 Jen,  Great to hear from you.  Early congrats on your graduation.  Everything has been going well down in the Lone Star State.  I got married in September down the Jersey shore and everything has been going well.  We bought a house back in May.  It needs an incredible amount of work.  We own the ugliest house on the block, by far.  How are things in Indiana?  Are you and Paul still together?  How is he doing?  When is the last time you were back in Jersey?  We went back over Christmas but only for a couple days.  I think next year we'll go back during New Year's instead of Christmas. If you ever get near Texas or pass through Houston, please give us a call. You both are always welcome to stay at our house.  My phone # is (713) 880-4157.  My work # is (713) 853-6320.  Hope to hear from you soon.  Kevin 
 What will you be doing?  You guys aren't moving are you?  Kevin 
 Give me a call when you get in.  Kevin 
 We'll just be doing some house shopping.  I think we're going to postpone the upgrade to the existing house and look to buy a new house.  This would eliminate the need to move out for 6 months.  I'm dying to live in a house that is complete.  Anyway, besides this we don't seem to have much going on.  I'll just need to go into work for a few hours on Sunday.  Let me know what you want to do.  KR 
 How's everything going?  Are you enjoying yourself?  How's the new position? How's the family?  Kevin 
 Conway,  Let me know what you think and Lisa and I will talk about it some more as well.  http://www.insideneworleans.com/  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 The following article appeared in today's Chronicle.    Jan. 25, 2001, 10:59PM  Enron rating setup irks many workers By L.M. SIXEL  TONGUES ARE WAGGING at Enron Corp., and it's not because of the bonuses they're expecting next month.  Employees are irate about a new performance-review ranking system that pits them against each other.  Under the system, nicknamed "rank and yank," employees will be put in one of five categories: 5 percent will be identified as "superior," 30 percent will be labeled "excellent," 30 percent will be called "strong," 20 percent will be labeled "satisfactory" and 15 percent will be called "needs improvement" or "issues."  An insider said "needs improvement" means "you have one leg hanging out the window." And "issues" is Enron lingo for "you're gone."  The rankings, whose names reportedly took Enron officials hours to come up with, are not based just on performance.  Instead, they compare employee against employee.  "It is possible, therefore, for someone to perform at the same or higher level compared to prior periods, yet receive a lower rating for the current period if other employees' performance raised the bar," according to a memo from Chief of Staff Steven Kean and Executive Vice President Cindy Olson that was distributed this month.  While employees are competing against each other for ratings, they're also expected to be team players, according to the memo.   `Horse-trading' of rank denied The problem, according to someone familiar with the new system, is the horse-trading that goes on when the rankings are divided up.  Managers trade rankings like baseball cards, explained the insider, offering to downgrade one employee if they can get a better rating for another employee.  An employee's ranking is more a function of the negotiating skills of the manager he is working for, the insider said.  Olson, who's over human resources and community relations, said no horsetrading is going on. The rankings, due out this week, aren't set in stone, she said. Only 9 percent of employees were rated in the bottom category while 6 to 7 percent were labeled superior, she said.  But Olson said she can see how employees might be worried about the prospect of bargaining.  She speculated that one reason employees might worry is because it's a new system for about 60 percent of Enron's employees. In years past, only the wholesale energy services group was ranked this way.  Some human resource managers expressed surprise that Enron, which is known for hiring superstars, apparently feels that it must get rid of so many employees -- or at least put them on notice that they're not doing well.  It doesn't say much about the confidence of your recruiting system if you're getting rid of 10 to 15 percent of your work force each year, said a human resource manager in Houston who asked to remain anonymous.   Some may not fit in Some people, as smart and talented as they are, just don't fit into Enron's culture, Olson said. It's a company that doesn't tell people what to do; you have to know what adds value, she said. Some folks just have a hard time in that environment.  After thinking about it for a moment, Olson added that maybe Enron's recruiters aren't doing a good enough job weeding out the people who wouldn't do well in an entrepreneurial environment.  Forced ranking systems were popular several years ago. But they fell out of favor, in part because they were seen as damaging employee motivation.  Several years ago, Houston Lighting & Power put in a forced ranking system, dividing all employees into four groups, with "1" the top group and "4" the lowest. Employees were so angry with the system that some work crews had T-shirts printed: "Don't ask me -- I'm a 3."  Olson said she doesn't see a problem with motivation. People like to know how they stand and will work hard to reach the top category, she said.  But many of the employees -- at least the ones who rate above satisfactory -- won't know how they're rated. Managers don't have to reveal the ratings.  And as for figuring out what it takes to be superior? You've got to reinvent your job, add new business lines or create something totally new.  "Employees understand that when it's explained to them," Olson said.     ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -- To voice comments, telephone 713-220-2000 and dial in code 1002. Send e-mail to lm.sixel@chron.com.    Return to top  Click on banner for more information 
 Julie,  Glad to hear some positive news.  Hope you are doing quite well.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 Correction,  I don't think thinks will blow over this summer, I think things could blow up and actually be a lot worse than they are now.  In terms of longer term, I think a lot depends on how the state tries to resolve the problem.  It will be interesting to see.  I feel that the summer will be very interesting, especially if California gets the kind of heat they had last summer.  Stay in touch.  KR 
 The house thing is a tough call.  It's hard to say.   If you're not in any hurry to buy, the summer should give you a good indication of continuing energy problems.  I personally think that the problem will come and go for a while, but a lot depends on how California's legislature deals with the situation.  I have no idea what they'll end up doing - they've acted pretty poorly already.  What's your time frame on a house?  If you're only concern is that prices are at their highest level in the last decade, I wouldn't worry too much about that.  It's impossible to time the market -  who would've thought San Francisco's housing prices would be at these current levels.   There are also a lot of intangibles associated with home ownership as your aware of.  I would be concerned about the energy situation, so just try to keep abreast of it.  Also, you could call me if you have any questions.  I'll try to help the best I can.  Take care and tell Kim and Kendall I said hi.  Kevin 
 Brett,  I thought I had your home phone #, but I only have your work #.  As a result, I didn't call you this weekend.  Send me your home # so I can give you a ring.  By the way, Happy 35th birthday.  I hope you had a good one.  Kevin 
 Mr. B. Lowery,  First of all, you sent me a picture with the head cut off.  I couldn't even see Kendall. I don't know if something happened with the translation of the file, but try to send it again if you can.  In regards to California's energy crisis, I think that California is screwed - big time. I think it has the potential to cripple the state's economy.  If, like you said, noone really talks about it much in SoCal, I would bet that will change soon.  It has the potential to affect every person in the state.  Not only will consumers end up bailing out the utilities - SoCal Edison, San Diego, Gas and Electric, PG&E - but it will likely prevent many new companies from setting up shop in California.  After all, who would want to put millions of dollars in an operation that will be subject to power interruptions while paying the highest utility bills in the country.  I think that the only way California will come out of this OK, is if it has the least energy intensive weather for the foreseeable future.  I don't think this is a problem that will be resolved within the next couple years. But remember, that is just my meaningless opinion.  When do you start coming to Texas.  Let me know so we can try to hook up. I'll talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 (See attached file: Sweets_Wedding_Letter.doc) (See attached file: Sweets_Wedding_Letter.doc) - Sweets_Wedding_Letter.doc 
 Bri,  What's the deal with this Gray Davis guy?  What's your opinion on him? He's pretty much out to lunch on this whole energy crisis thing.  I was wondering how the citizens of California viewed him.  Hope everything is going well with Kim, Kendall and yourself.  Talk to you soon. Send an updated picture if you have one.  Kevin 
 Of course your Dad would be invited to anything we do, but if you'd rather spend the time alone with him that weekend we could always make it another weekend.  The only problem with the 12th is that we'll be consumed with the move the entire weekend.  Let me know what works for you.  We're flexible after the 12th.  KR 
 You're correct, Enron doesn't get too involved in these conventions.  I don't know why.  It seems that some of the desks have some functions but mine never does.   My desk seems to be pretty apathetic (probably not a good thing).  I think we've relied, more than any of our other desks, on the financial and e-commerce sides of the business.  Probably not a great thing.  Anyway, lets get together for a cocktail or dinner sometime within the next month.  Did you guys move to the Galleria location yet.  Let me know - we'll go get a big steak at Morton's or Ruths' Chris.  I assume a country boy like you is into some good red meat.  KR 
 I did get your email and my work number is 713-853-6320.  My home # is 713-880-4157.  I'll give you a call this weekend.  It's incredibly difficult for me to talk at work so I'll give you a shout at home.   Talk to you soon.  KR 
 Bri,  What's the deal with this Gray Davis guy?  What's your opinion on him?  He's pretty much out to lunch on this whole energy crisis thing.  I was wondering how the citizens of California viewed him.  Hope everything is going well with Kim, Kendall and yourself.  Talk to you soon. Send an updated picture if you have one.  Kevin 
 I've emailed you after both of your messages.  Did you fail to get them.  Let me know.  Kevin 
 What planet did Gray Davis come from??  What's the perception of this guy in California??  Hope all is well.  KR 
 Julie,  If they want to pay $5.15, that's fine with me.  I do have $5.11 in the system but I could have easily made a mistake.  Let me know if you have any other questions.  Kevin  P.S.  Sorry it took me so long to reply. 
 I hope you picked up some EOG on Friday or today.  KR 
 Stamas,  If you could only own one stock what would it be?  For me it would be EOG Resources - don't ignore this one.  KR 
 Stamos,  Glad everyone had a good time at Sweets'.  I hope he had a blast.  In terms of your email reply, you can have Calpine.  How are they going to make money long term if price caps are instituted?  This obviously would be the stupidest policy.  In addition their exposure to the CA crisis must be pretty significant - when and how are they going to get paid?  I wouldn't want to bank on the energy market in the most regulated state in the country.  Plus, if the state backs energy purchases, it's going to get to the point where who wants to own CA credit??  PG&E and Edison International are doomed, as they should be.  The state of CA is going to go down the tubes unless they find some good leadership.  Unfortunately, noone out there seems to have the least clue on how to solve the problem.  The politicians are a complete joke.  It is incredibly disheartening to witness the absolute stupidity of the CA politicians in addressing this issue.  They seem to be much more focused on finger pointing than coming up with a viable solution.  I honestly think they are incable of solving the problem.   KR 
 Did you go to any parties last night??  I was lame, I didn't go to a single one.  I heard there were some decent ones.  How's life at Duke been?  I haven't talked to you much since you've become a big ICE trader.   Talk to you soon.  KR 
 Stamos,  I don't think many buying opportunities out there.   The economy is going to get crushed this year.  There's only one place to put one's money now, and that is in cash. The manufacturing sector is in dire straits and you will continue to see an increase in plant shutdowns and company layoffs.  The Fed could continue to lower rates but there'll be little capital investment if consumer spending dries up.  I feel we've just seen the beginning. I think the Dow will be trading under 8000 by the end of April.  Psychologically, the California crisis will add to consumer fear.  The crisis is not a short term problem.  As a result, barring any Federal bailout, you could kiss that state's economy goodbye. Let me ask you a question; if you were paying (1) the highest real estate prices in the country, and (2) the highest energy prices for the least reliable power, in (3) the midst of a hi-tech meltdown, what would keep you or your company from closing shop and moving to a different state??  If you own any CA real estate, sell.  The only way to solve the CA energy crisis is to reduce demand or increase supply. Since CA doesn't want any power plants in its backyard, the supply issue likely won't be solved anytime soon.  So, how do impact demand??  You have to price energy(power/gas) so high that the discretionary user (household, manufacturer, commercial store) conserves by closing its plant, cutting back on the thermastat or running the commercial operation during off-peak hours.  California will see this reduction in demand over time.  If the blackouts subside it's because so many businesses have closed their doors for good or moved to another state.  Without this, the blackouts will get much worse. If the state tries to get into the business of buying and selling electricity and gas, I would bet it will go bankrupt within 2-3 yrs.  Could you imagine the impact on the national economy from the bankruptcy of the U.S.'s most prosperous state.  Obviously this is only my opinion, but I would keep my eyes on the energy markets - that's where the key to the turnaround lies.  Take Care and thanks for the email.   Kevin 
 That state will never be the same.  My prediction is that the state will be bankrupt within the next 2 years unless the Federal Gov't bails it out.  I hope Lowery has held off on buying his house.  Talk to you this weekend.  I blew off the Montana trip so I'll be home.  KR 
 Great to hear from you.  Looking forward to meeting in Houston for a baseball game. Conway will be in Corpis soon so we should be able to do a weekend.  We should start construction on the house in May - what an incredibly long process it is.  I definitely would not do it if I had to do it over again.  One redeeming factor is that we bought on a good block.  We definitely have the ugliest house on the block.  We should get a pop in real estate also when all the California companies start migrating to Texas.  Joking aside, unless you guys have incredibly mild weather this summer combined with a lot of rainfall, you're summer will suck.  There is no doubt that the CA economy is going to suffer a great recession.  You have a shortage of supply so the only way to ease the problem is to reduce demand.  This usually occurs when prices reach levels where the price sensitive buyers cut back.  However, with your boy Grey Davis pushing for  price caps, this won't happen.   The next way for demand to be trimmed is for companies to leave, so this will probably need to happen to an extent for the problem to ease.  The other factor, of course, is that you could have an increase in supply - new power plants.  But being that the amt. of time it takes to develop and build a power plant in CA is about 3 times as long as in most other states combined with the fact that CA hasn't had a new power plant in the last 10 years, an increase in supply doesn't seem likely in the short term.  Again, this is only my opinion, so you could take it with a grain of salt.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 BL,  Have you experienced any blackouts yet?  I think you'll see a lot this summer. What does everyone think about the situation?  Do they think it's a threat or not?  I think the state is in for a horrific summer - I hope it doesn't turn out that way, but it'll be incredibly difficult to avoid.  Hope everything's going well with work and with the family.  When's the next time you'll be in Dallas?  Let me know.  KR 
 Easter was great, how 'bout yours.  It was just me, Lisa and a friend of mine. How's everything been with you?  How are the wedding plans coming?  Have you seen Bruce lately?  How 'bout my brother?  Kevin 
 Rebecca,  I was promoted to Manager this past PRC.  Please let me know whether or not you received notice. I want to make sure the files have been updated appropriately.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 Cherly,  I have been promoted out of the Associate program last PRC.  As a result, if you could take me off the Analyst/ Associate distribution list I'd deeply appreciate it.  Thanks and let me know if you have any questions or if you haven't been notified of the promotion.  Kevin Ruscitti x3-6320 
 Hunter,  Per your request.  1.)  Traded the Gulf Coast region starting in Sept/Oct 1999. -  Developed valuable customer relationships -  Managed Gulf position with Tom Donahoe -  Gulf book was profitable during this time period.  2.)  Moved to Market Book in January 2000. -   Responsible for trading Michigan and Wisconsin markets -   Managed Market Book w/ Patrice Thurston. -   Market book is profitable  3.)  Managed own book starting in May 2000. -  More than doubled daily volume traded in both Michcon and Consumers. -  Developed and managed multiple products on EOL including -->  Physical forwards -->  Gas Daily Swaps -->  Physical Basis Swaps -->  Physical Index -  Michigan Market Book is profitable  4,)  Prior to joining Gas Trading I worked in Power Structuring where I was involved in -  Asset Valuation -  Commodity/Option Pricing   Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 The 12th isn't good for me b/c we're moving.   Any other weekend should be OK though.  Kevin 
 kruscit 
 Todd,  This should be the latest and greatest.  Great talking to you today.  Glad to hear everything's going great in LA.  Kevin  conway77@earthlink.net 
 They need to go back to Div IAA.  There currently children in a man's world. 
 Liz,  Here's the file.  Thanks for your help.  Kevin 
 P,  Please forward this to GD.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 Your boy Gore is a nut.  How's everything going?  Looking forward to seeing you Gloria and Tommy over Christmas.  Take Care,  Kevin  - West_Palm_Beach_voters..doc 
 Rebecca,  I am no longer in the A/A program.  I got promoted this past review period. Please let me know if you got the update or not.  Thanks,  Kevin x3-6320 
 That would be great.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 The interconnects are primarily in Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin. 
 Could you please extend the guest id that expired for FTEnergy, the publisher of gas daily.  Please call me when this is completed.  We need to have these folks view our daily indices.  Thanks,  Kevin Ruscitti x3-6320 
 Dan,  Please take a look at the new Purchase agreement and let me know what you think.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 Keith,  Here are the changes recommended by my legal group.  Let me know if you have any comments. Thanks,  Kevin 
 Keith,  Attached is GTC Spot confirm form  and Spot GTC  Please take a look at the attached Spot GTC and let me know if we can transact under this contract.  This is what our legal guys would prefer.  Talk to you soon.  Thank you,  Kevin 
 "I accept the terms and conditions of this Pilot Participant Agreement."  Kevin Ruscitti 
 I saw Yeull Tuesday night - pretty cool, huh?  He seemed a little uncertain on the objection though.  Kevin 
 Sounds exciting.  Keep me up to date on how everything is going.  Talk to you soon,  Kevin 
 Tell me about the new job.  What will you be doing?  Kevin 
 Counnnnnnnnn,  What's up?   I heard Conway emailed you the other day about New Orleans.  I'm going to meet Conway and Jughead in N.O. on Nov 17 - 19 for a weekend getaway.  I just booked my flight a couple days ago and wanted to see if there was any way you could make it down.  It seems Conway has gotten a cheap hotel room with his military discount - one of the perks of working for Uncle Sam.  I'm sorry for the short notice but we just decided to do it a few days ago.  If you could make it, we'd all love to see you.  If not, we'll have to get together when I'm in NJ over Christmas.  Tell Chris we said hi.  Hope everything is going great for the both of you.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 I'm goin' to have to bag on the game.  My return flight is at noon on Sunday. I get in at 4:45pm on Friday.  What time will you be in?  Do you want me to check on a place to eat Friday or Saturday?  Let me know.  KR 
 Didn't you say mapquest said it takes around 6 hrs to get to Houston from Corpus Dickhead? 
 I'm interested in donating.  Can I find out more info about the specifics of the procedure and the timing?  Kevin Ruscitti x3-6320 
 Sorry it's taken me so long to reply, but I just checked my email.  We were out of town the last few days.  It sounds like you've been doing a lot of thinking and reflecting.   I think it healthy to analyze one's actions in order to better understand oneself.  This better understanding, I find, typically leads to self improvement and greater control, and ultimately, more happiness in life. However, do not let it lead to any form of regret - that would be unfair.  We all have regrets, but these regretted actions typically make us stronger and better people in the long run.  I forwarded your email to Patty Kampmann, not Patti Campi.  As you might imagine, I got a kick out of that.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 Hope all is well.  I haven't forgot abt the Hawaiin Electric position.  I'll try to get in touch with my friend today.  I've been out of town for the last few days.  Kevin 
 TJ,  Thanks for the congratulatory message you left on our voicemail - it made us feel great. We actually didn't go on a honeymoon - we will take one sometime next year. We've just been swamped with the house we recently bought.  We bought an old small bungalow in the city.  What a money pit.  Hope everything is going great.  Tell everyone we said hi.  Thanks again,  Kevin 
 The one thing I remember is that they are incredibly expensive and somewhat troublesome to maintain.  Depending on how old it is, I definitely  wouldn't recommend it as your primary car.  Hope you had a good time at the wedding.  It was one of the best weekends I've had in ages.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 I'm glad you had a great time.  It meant a lot to Lisa and me that you were able to spend the entire weekend with us.  I honestly can't remember the last time I had so much fun.  I hope you felt the same way.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 Congrats on the beautiful baby.  Let's get together soon, if even for coffee in the afternoon.  Call me at x3-6320 when you get a chance.  Kevin 
 Susan,  I need to take a look at the following contracts.  Will you please have someone run them down to me in Central Gas Trading when you get a chance?  Counterparty   Sitara  Global # Synergi #  AEC Marketing USA  249169  96017703 016-01611-01-002 Crestar    249175  96022399 016-20948-301 Star Natural Gas  249312  96042209 Kaztex Energy Mgmt  393061  96000734 016-48012-302 BP Amoco   381839  96044917 Utilicorp   263333  96033084 Wisconsin Power & Light 363412  96045390 Amoco Energy Trading  391154  96041011 Tenaska Marketing Ventures 387768  96001395 016-87283-01-002  My cube # is 3234D and my extension is x3-6320.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 I appreciate the email.  I figured something must be wrong for you to miss the big day, but I was afraid to call.  The important thing, obviously, is that you get better.  We'll just have to figure out a way to meet up with you in the near future.  Tell everyone I said hi and keep me informed of your operation and recovery.  We'll all miss you very much.  Hugs and Kisses,  Kevin.  P.S.  Tell Tom and John we said hi. 
 What's the website you bought the Adirondack chairs off of.  We are looking to pick up a couple more.  KR 
 Any deal with a quantity discrepancy is being investigated. 
 Sounds great.  Moller's email address is Richard.J.Moller@marshmc.com.  I do not have anyone else's email, but Moller should be able to provide you with Coun's and Ricigiliano's.  Just ask him.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 Susan,  Could you please provide me with copies of the attached contracts.  I think you received a similar request from Tom Donaho.  Contact me if you have any questions.   Thanks for your help.  Kevin  P.S. My desk # is 3234D and my telephone number is 3-6320. 
 My bro' was supposed to get in touch with you.  The trip will be on Friday, the 22nd.  It's the day before the wedding.  I hope you could go.  Could you please give Coun, Ricigs, and Sweets a call to see if they have any interest.  Let me know.  Hope everything is going well.  KR 
 Conway,  Where are you at now?  Are you in the states?  Let  me know.  Kevin 
 I never heard back from you.  Do you still have an interest in the group?  Kevin 
 Great to hear.  Congratulations to the both of you.  I'll talk to you soon.  Kevin and Lisa 
 Jay,  Give me a call if you have any questions.  Looking forward to working with= =20 you.  Kevin 
 I could meet today after 5pm.  Give me a call at x3-6320.  Kevin 
 There's a girl on my desk that makes it in 3, so it'll probably take you 4. 
 Alberto,  You're best bet is to send a resume to Chris Gaskill.  Chris is starting a new fundamental analysis group.  I know he is looking for a few more people to get this group off the ground.  If you're interested in trading, it's probably the best way to get involved in this side of the business.  I'm not sure if you have a long term interest in trading or if you're just looking for a rotation.  Give me a call also after 4pm and I could provide you with some insight into the area.  Until then send Chris an email with your resume attached or you could talk to me first if you'd like.  Kevin 
 Russell,  Let me know if you need any more info.  Please let me know status as soon as possible.   Counterparty:  City of Holland, Michigan Contact:  Bruce Van Farowe Phone #: (616) 355-1204 Email:  vanfarow@hollandbpw.com    Thanks,  Kevin 
 What a relief.  Hope everything is going well.  KR 
 Let's say tomorrow at 6am.  See you then unless I hear back from you.  Kevin 
 Jim,  Do you have any availability this week?  Kevin 
 Luke's growing like crazy.  Great to see the update.  Yeah,   the wedding is getting near and the plans are pretty much complete.  We're really just having family so the plans at this point are minimum.  How's everything in California.  Is Lowery showing up on your doorstep every Sunday at dinner time?  I wouldn't be surprised.  Did I tell you about the dinner I attended in NY a month ago.  What an event.  The party included - get this crew - Bill Ricigliano, Dan Sweetser, Jonathan Counnnn, Richie Moller, Brian Sh., and yes, Vincent Lima.  We were all privey to Moller drinking a 12 oz. glass of fresh piss.  Some things never change.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 Great to hear you'll be back soon.  Get me a call when you get back in the states and tell that Fathead I said hi.  Kevin 
 Sweet house - I hope everything works out.  When are you trying to close? Did they accept your offer?  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 Had a great time in SF.  Went to the wine country for a few days.  Was sad to come back to Houston.  We haven't done much on the house since your visit.  I'll talk to you soon.  Tell Marie we said hi.  Kevin 
 Angela,  I'm not looking for another rotation.  I will be staying in NG trading and will hopefully be getting promoted this PRC session.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Kevin 
 I'll tell you what.  You give us your "want"  list and we'll make sure you can do it all. Of course, after you assemble the chair.  What was Lowery doing in San Antonio??  KR 
 Sell 'em all.  There's no turnaround in sight.  What's going on??  KR 
 Thought you might find this interesting!!  http://www.fortune.com/   XXOOXXOO,  Kevin 
 http://www.fortune.com/ 
 Chris,  Please take a look at the attached language and forward it to Stacey for her comments.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 David,  I have attached a listing of all my Bid Week transactions.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Kevin Ruscitti (713) 853-6320 
 Thanks,  Let me know if you're looking to sell some more, because I could do better than my EOL bid in this case.  Kevin 
 Please sign me up.  Kevin Ruscitti  x3-6320 
 Please sign me up.  Thank you,  Kevin Ruscitti x3-6320 
 We'll just be doing some house shopping.  I think we're going to postpone the upgrade to the existing house and look to buy a new house.  This would eliminate the need to move out for 6 months.  I'm dying to live in a house that is complete.  Anyway, besides this we don't seem to have much going on.  I'll just need to go into work for a few hours on Sunday.  Let me know what you want to do.  KR 
 Of course your Dad would be invited to anything we do, but if you'd rather spend the time alone with him that weekend we could always make it another weekend.  The only problem with the 12th is that we'll be consumed with the move the entire weekend.  Let me know what works for you.  We're flexible after the 12th.  KR 
 You're correct, Enron doesn't get too involved in these conventions.  I don't know why.  It seems that some of the desks have some functions but mine never does.   My desk seems to be pretty apathetic (probably not a good thing).  I think we've relied, more than any of our other desks, on the financial and e-commerce sides of the business.  Probably not a great thing.  Anyway, lets get together for a cocktail or dinner sometime within the next month.  Did you guys move to the Galleria location yet.  Let me know - we'll go get a big steak at Morton's or Ruths' Chris.  I assume a country boy like you is into some good red meat.  KR 
 Stamos,  Glad everyone had a good time at Sweets'.  I hope he had a blast.  In terms of your email reply, you can have Calpine.  How are they going to make money long term if price caps are instituted?  This obviously would be the stupidest policy.  In addition their exposure to the CA crisis must be pretty significant - when and how are they going to get paid?  I wouldn't want to bank on the energy market in the most regulated state in the country.  Plus, if the state backs energy purchases, it's going to get to the point where who wants to own CA credit??  PG&E and Edison International are doomed, as they should be.  The state of CA is going to go down the tubes unless they find some good leadership.  Unfortunately, noone out there seems to have the least clue on how to solve the problem.  The politicians are a complete joke.  It is incredibly disheartening to witness the absolute stupidity of the CA politicians in addressing this issue.  They seem to be much more focused on finger pointing than coming up with a viable solution.  I honestly think they are incable of solving the problem.   KR 
 Did you go to any parties last night??  I was lame, I didn't go to a single one.  I heard there were some decent ones.  How's life at Duke been?  I haven't talked to you much since you've become a big ICE trader.   Talk to you soon.  KR 
 Stamos,  I don't think many buying opportunities out there.   The economy is going to get crushed this year.  There's only one place to put one's money now, and that is in cash. The manufacturing sector is in dire straits and you will continue to see an increase in plant shutdowns and company layoffs.  The Fed could continue to lower rates but there'll be little capital investment if consumer spending dries up.  I feel we've just seen the beginning. I think the Dow will be trading under 8000 by the end of April.  Psychologically, the California crisis will add to consumer fear.  The crisis is not a short term problem.  As a result, barring any Federal bailout, you could kiss that state's economy goodbye. Let me ask you a question; if you were paying (1) the highest real estate prices in the country, and (2) the highest energy prices for the least reliable power, in (3) the midst of a hi-tech meltdown, what would keep you or your company from closing shop and moving to a different state??  If you own any CA real estate, sell.  The only way to solve the CA energy crisis is to reduce demand or increase supply. Since CA doesn't want any power plants in its backyard, the supply issue likely won't be solved anytime soon.  So, how do impact demand??  You have to price energy(power/gas) so high that the discretionary user (household, manufacturer, commercial store) conserves by closing its plant, cutting back on the thermastat or running the commercial operation during off-peak hours.  California will see this reduction in demand over time.  If the blackouts subside it's because so many businesses have closed their doors for good or moved to another state.  Without this, the blackouts will get much worse. If the state tries to get into the business of buying and selling electricity and gas, I would bet it will go bankrupt within 2-3 yrs.  Could you imagine the impact on the national economy from the bankruptcy of the U.S.'s most prosperous state.  Obviously this is only my opinion, but I would keep my eyes on the energy markets - that's where the key to the turnaround lies.  Take Care and thanks for the email.   Kevin 
 That state will never be the same.  My prediction is that the state will be bankrupt within the next 2 years unless the Federal Gov't bails it out.  I hope Lowery has held off on buying his house.  Talk to you this weekend.  I blew off the Montana trip so I'll be home.  KR 
 Great to hear from you.  Looking forward to meeting in Houston for a baseball game. Conway will be in Corpis soon so we should be able to do a weekend.  We should start construction on the house in May - what an incredibly long process it is.  I definitely would not do it if I had to do it over again.  One redeeming factor is that we bought on a good block.  We definitely have the ugliest house on the block.  We should get a pop in real estate also when all the California companies start migrating to Texas.  Joking aside, unless you guys have incredibly mild weather this summer combined with a lot of rainfall, you're summer will suck.  There is no doubt that the CA economy is going to suffer a great recession.  You have a shortage of supply so the only way to ease the problem is to reduce demand.  This usually occurs when prices reach levels where the price sensitive buyers cut back.  However, with your boy Grey Davis pushing for  price caps, this won't happen.   The next way for demand to be trimmed is for companies to leave, so this will probably need to happen to an extent for the problem to ease.  The other factor, of course, is that you could have an increase in supply - new power plants.  But being that the amt. of time it takes to develop and build a power plant in CA is about 3 times as long as in most other states combined with the fact that CA hasn't had a new power plant in the last 10 years, an increase in supply doesn't seem likely in the short term.  Again, this is only my opinion, so you could take it with a grain of salt.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 BL,  Have you experienced any blackouts yet?  I think you'll see a lot this summer. What does everyone think about the situation?  Do they think it's a threat or not?  I think the state is in for a horrific summer - I hope it doesn't turn out that way, but it'll be incredibly difficult to avoid.  Hope everything's going well with work and with the family.  When's the next time you'll be in Dallas?  Let me know.  KR 
 Thanks Lee, I appreciate it.  Kevin  FYI  Aquila was a decent seller of Jun and Jun-Oct NGPL/LA today. Not much action on the Nov01-Mar02. I'll keep you informed.  Feel free to call me at x3-6320 if you have any questions. 
 Murli,  Friday may be tough b/c we just bought a new house and we actually move the next day.  However, let me check with Lisa and I'll get back to you for sure.  Talk to you tomorrow.  Kevin 
 Easter was great, how 'bout yours.  It was just me, Lisa and a friend of mine. How's everything been with you?  How are the wedding plans coming?  Have you seen Bruce lately?  How 'bout my brother?  Kevin 
 Where are you moving to?  How's the little one?  Hope everything is going great.  We just bought a new house ourselves.  We are moving in the 12th.  This weekend we're hitting Jazz Fest in New Orleans with Capt Frank P. Conway.  Talk to you soon.  KR 
 Chris,  What's the status of this product.  I haven't heard anything in a while.  KR 
 Thought you might find the article interesting. 
 He's the man 
 I saw that, unbelievable huh?  The sad thing is that the folks I work with never heard of Jack Kerouac nor "On the Road". Probably not surprising considering most are from Texas.  How's everything going?  Did you get an opportunity to call Kampy.  How's the job search progressing?  Before I forget, was there a guy in our MBA class named Chris Sevrson or something like that?  An email was forwarded to me and that name was on the forward list and it sounded familiar.  Any big plans for the weekend?  We're just hanging around Houston.  It seems every weekend for the past year+ we've been doing some type of house work.  Hopefully one day it will slow.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 I need to hear the rest of the Red Neck weekend story.  Send me an email or give me a call.  Also do you have Lowery's and T.J.'s email addresses.  They were deleted from my system when our email system was upgraded.  KR 
 The reason I asked about Chris Sevrens is that he was on the list (you'll see) of this email.  I don't know if you heard about it but the author of the email got fired shortly after it circulated through Wall St.  Anyway, thought you might find it amusing.  Start from the bottom of this email and work your way up.  It's interesting to see the path it took to so many people.  You'll see Sevrens name near the bottom.  KR 
 I think Enron is going to $10.  I've been quite concerned for the last month+.  It looks like a number of the senior execs have done some questionable acts.  It's been quite the moral buster.  They need to clean shop and get rid of the CEO and entire board for letting these types of actions occur.  We will never regain investor confidence until this occurs.  The problem with ENE is that we make an incredible amt of money on the wholesale side of the energy business (natural gas and power) but we have thrown money at a myriad of bad businesses that lost lots of money (Azurix water co., broadband, residential marketing.  They need to get someone in here that will eliminate these losers and focus on the core businesses.  In my opinion, some of these execs, former and current, should go to jail.  It's amazing how a group of guys could ruin a great company.  I'm sure there will be a grad school case study and a book written about this.  I'm sure it will be a best seller.  Anyway, let me get off my soapbox.  I'm glad to hear you got a new job. That would be great if Chris gets the package and looks for something more enjoyable.  Congrats to you brother and make sure you tell your folks I was asking about them.  Lisa and I haven't finalized any plans to NJ in Jan but I'll let you know as soon as we do.  We're both looking forward to hooking up with you guys.  Conway won't have to go overseas.  He said he's the last one they'll activate.  His cell phone # is 240-298-7007.  I have to look for his email but i'll let you know when I find it.  Take care and good to hear from you.  Kevin 
 I'm not going to be able to make it.  I talked to Lisa and we're heading back to NJ for her friends wedding.  I'm hoping to make a trip to CA sometime next year.  I hope you have a great time and tell Lulenski I said hi.  Kevin 
 Steve,  Not a lot.  Just working and watching my company's stock get the shit kicked out of it.  I did get married last year, but everything else has been pretty quiet. How 'bout yourself.  What have you been up to?  Who have you kept in touch with?  Kevin 
 The 12th isn't good for me b/c we're moving.   Any other weekend should be OK though.  Kevin 
 Steve,  Hope everything is going well.  Unfortunately I won't be able to attend the reunion.  Hope you have a great time.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 I'd sell all of the ENE.  KR 
 Great to hear from you.  Glad to know everyone's doing well. Did you know Moller was going to be on TV or were you just channel surfing?  How did he do?  Work's going OK.  ENE stock has been getting destroyed.  A lot of negative press abt management.  I would sell your shares if you still have them.  It's $30 right know but I have a feeling it's going lower.  Tell Dave also if you talk to him.  News has been coming out that I wasn't aware of.  Anyway, Lisa's job is going great - she's really happy.  We haven't been up to a lot lately - just hanging around the neighborhood.  The anthrax scares and the terrorist stories are really scary.  What a bunch of nuts we have living in this world.  I have a feeling it could get worse before it gets better.  Don't open any letters from unknown companies or counterparties.  Take care of yourself and Gloria and Tommy.  Tell them we said hi and we'll talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 Sounds good based on 1 condition.  You and ML do not pick up everyone's dinner. We'll just go out to dinner and a show and we'll all split it.  Sounds like fun.  Good idea - must've been ML's.  KR 
 We have a lot of things to do Saturday or else I would - believe me.  We'll have to get together the next time. Let me know if I  can help any more with your search.  Kevin 
 I'd like to but i'm tied up doing house stuff all day.  Have you found a group in Houston? How's the search going?  Tell Matt I said hi.  kevin 
 It didn't down here b/c I watched it from 5:15 - 6pm unless it actually came on 4pm down here with the time difference.  I bet that's what happened.  KR 
 I think the only difference btw the 330Ci and the 330i is that the Ci is a 2 door.  Had a choice btw Wed and Thur game - chose Wed.  Not that disappointed though as the Astros proved to be the biggest bunch of pussies in the ML.  They were more concerned with not giving up a homer to Bonds than with winning the game.  Now they stand a chance of not making the playoffs at all.  If you ask me they don't deserve it and the mgr should be fired.  It was great to hear the fans booing the home team every other inning.  I'm sure they lost a lot of fans over those 2 games.  Anyway, what's up on your front.  Are you still going out to Cali to visit Hop and Denise?  How's flying?  KR 
 You'll never believe it but I turned it on at 5:10 so I guess your interview was over.  If you have a copy, please send me a copy and I'll pay you for it. How's everything going?  Hope all is well.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 Thanks for the advice.  Much appreciated.  We plan on test driving this weekend.  The BMW has a racing track in the back of the dealership - I heard it's pretty sweet.  I have a feeling we're going to lean toward the 330i just b/c everything I've read rates it the best in its class. I feel like the 5 series will be too big for us right now (w/o kids) but we should get a better feel this weekend.  I'll keep you informed.  Thanks again.  KR 
 kruscit 
 Kamp,  Did you watch the Astros / Giants game last night.  It was embarrassing.  I've never seen such a cowardly performance by a baseball team (of course I'm talking abt the Astros).  When do you ever walk a guy with runners on 1st and 2nd, your team is down by 1 run and there is 2 outs?  Answer:  NEVER.  According to Dierker, "... the critical walk was the one with runners on first and second," Dierker said. "We did that because Jeff Kent was 3-for-17 against Williams and had struck out the last five at-bats (against him), so he showed some dominance against him. Obviously, you don't want to put another runner on base and move the runners another base in scoring position unless you have a very compelling reason, and we did.  How's long's this clown been managing.  I guess he hasn't followed Kent the last few years.  It wasn't like he was walking Bonds to get to Ivan DeJesus.  He doesn't even have the sack to admit he fucked up.  I've never seen fans boo their home team so much since the days of Michael Jack.  Have you and Patty been getting any sleep? How's Jack?  KR 
 What do you think about the 530?  Isn't it basically the same thing as the 330 except it's bigger?  If so, does it handle as well with the added size and weight? 
 I was at the game last night sitting in home run territory - section 154. It was one of the most disappointing games i've ever attended.  the astros don't even deserve to make the playoffs after their cowardly play.  the manager's an idiot - intentionally walking Bonds with guys on 1st and 2nd with 2 outs.  Anyway, in terms of the Miata, the dealer recommended abt $1300 worth of work. Of course i told him to just get the thing running ($450).  The problem is the blue book value is only $2500 so i can't see putting another grand into it. I'll probably just sell it to someone who races miata's (which is really big in Texas) or donate it to charity and take the tax write off.  We haven't test driven anything yet but it looks like we're leaning toward the BMW 330i.  It seems to get great reviews, the main downside is that it's a little small - but still sporty.  We'll go for test drives this weekend and should buy or lease (still undecided) something in the next couple weeks.  How's everything on your front.  Less classroom time and more flying time???  That faggot Lowery was in Austin this past weekend.  I don't expect him to call of course but it shows how easily he could've gotten to Houston while he was working for 8 mos. in Dallas.  Later,  kevin 
 Beautiful baby - good job Patty. 
 Sweets,  The flight was cancelled so we just drove to New Orleans for the weekend.  Man was it a ghost town.  How's everything with you? How's Liz and the kids?  How's the FIRM going?  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 Kamp,  How's everything going -I assume great?  How's the baby and Patty doing?  How 'bout that Barry Bonds?  You must be in heaven - (1) baby boy, (2) Yanks win the division, (3) Bonds goes for record.  I think Bonds is going to break the record Wednesday night in Houston. Guess who'll be sitting in section 154 (check it out on the Astros website) waiting for # 71.  Look for me on TV.  KR 
 Conway,  Do you have T.J.'s new email address.  I want to let him know I won't be out there in Oct.  Give me a shout.  How's everything going?  My miata broke down this past weekend.  I didn't think it would be that soon.  It looks like I'm forced to buy a new car.  I'm not looking forward to the process although the internet should make it less painful than it was 9.5 years ago.  Wow, I can't believe I've owned the Miata for over 9 yrs.  I'm going to see Bonds play on Wednesday night.  Hoping he'll be going for the record that night (either a tie or to break it).  I scored tix in section 154 - prime bonds territory.  Check out the section on the Houston Astros website.  Talk to you soon.  KR 
 B.L.,  Don't know if you talked to Conway, but it looks like i'm going to cancel my trip in a couple weeks. I really don't feel like flying right now with all the shit going on and the impending military strike. Anyway, hopefully we can meet up soon.  Hope everything's going great.  KR 
 Thanks 
 Stephanie,  Could you please give me access to trade physical canadian products on eol.  Thanks,  Kevin Ruscitti x3-6320  P.S.  my id is ADM09529 
 The interconnects are primarily in Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin. 
 Are you taking any resumes?  I need to start the process.  I don't know what the future holds here?  I don't think anyone does.  We don't know if there will be more mgmt surprises? 
 Sure, no problem. 
 How's everything?  Haven't heard from you in some time.  What's up? You're not in Afghanistan are you?  Only kidding?  KR 
 You could call me at home if you like at 713-880-4157.  Kevin Ruscitti 
 No,  There's been a lot of shit happening with my company and frankely, I don't know what's going to happen over the next few months.  As a result, we decided to wait at least a few months until our financial situation is better known.  Glad to hear everything's going well.  Did you go out to California? What are your plans over Thanksgiving?  KR 
 Didn't you say mapquest said it takes around 6 hrs to get to Houston from Corpus Dickhead? 
 My address is 616 Byrne St.; Houston, TX  77009.  Good to hear from you.  Looking forward to this Sunday.  Kevin 
 Robin,  How's everything in NY?  The flow of info around here has been horrible.  I have no idea on what's happening - a bad situation to be in obviously.  We're just reading all the news on the wires.  Just starting to look at some options in case the trading desk vanishes.  Do you know if Sempra in CT is still looking for people.  I figure it's time to see what else may be out there.  I'm sure we'll talk a little later.  Kevin 
 Dave,  Take a look at this before you pass it on.  I haven't looked at it in a while.  Let me know if you get it and how it looks.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 sorry, but i didn't get your message until late.  i'll call you at home tonight. 
 Adrian,  You can call me on my cell over the weekend if you like.  713-416-6352.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 Gary,  Sorry for the delay.  I'll be in New Jersey for the weekend but don't hesitate to call me on my cell phone at 713-416-6352 if you'd like to discuss my resume.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 Let me tell you who won't win - RU.  They are arguably the worst division 1 football team I've ever seen.  I saw them for the 1st time this weekend on TV.  They are horrible.  Hope everything's going well. Life at Enron sucks.  I'm sure you've been following the situation. I'm sure there'll be a #1 bestseller written about this circus.  Talk to you soon.  KR 
 What's the website you bought the Adirondack chairs off of.  We are looking to pick up a couple more.  KR 
 There's a girl on my desk that makes it in 3, so it'll probably take you 4. 
 Michael,  Per our conversation I've attached the file.  I'll try to follow it up with a phone call around 3pm Houston time.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 Todd,  This should be the latest and greatest.  Great talking to you today.  Glad to hear everything's going great in LA.  Kevin  conway77@earthlink.net 
 Keith,  Here are the changes recommended by my legal group.  Let me know if you have any comments. Thanks,  Kevin 
 Of course your Dad would be invited to anything we do, but if you'd rather spend the time alone with him that weekend we could always make it another weekend. The only problem with the 12th is that we'll be consumed with the move the entire weekend.  Let me know what works for you.  We're flexible after the 12th.  KR 
 Easter was great, how 'bout yours.  It was just me, Lisa and a friend of mine. How's everything been with you?  How are the wedding plans coming?  Have you seen Bruce lately?  How 'bout my brother?  Kevin 
 The 12th isn't good for me b/c we're moving.   Any other weekend should be OK though.  Kevin 
 kruscit 
 The interconnects are primarily in Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin. 
 Didn't you say mapquest said it takes around 6 hrs to get to Houston from Corpus Dickhead? 
 What's the website you bought the Adirondack chairs off of.  We are looking to pick up a couple more.  KR 
 There's a girl on my desk that makes it in 3, so it'll probably take you 4. 
 I'll tell you what.  You give us your "want"  list and we'll make sure you can do it all. Of course, after you assemble the chair.  What was Lowery doing in San Antonio??  KR 
 Keith,  Attached is GTC Spot confirm form  and Spot GTC  Please take a look at the attached Spot GTC and let me know if we can transact under this contract.  This is what our legal guys would prefer.  Talk to you soon.  Thank you,  Kevin 
 Sell 'em all.  There's no turnaround in sight.  What's going on??  KR 
 Thought you might find this interesting!!  http://www.fortune.com/   XXOOXXOO,  Kevin 
 http://www.fortune.com/ 
 Chris,  Please take a look at the attached language and forward it to Stacey for her comments.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 David,  I have attached a listing of all my Bid Week transactions.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Kevin Ruscitti (713) 853-6320 
 Thanks,  Let me know if you're looking to sell some more, because I could do better than my EOL bid in this case.  Kevin 
 Please sign me up.  Kevin Ruscitti  x3-6320 
 Please sign me up.  Thank you,  Kevin Ruscitti x3-6320 
 We'll just be doing some house shopping.  I think we're going to postpone the upgrade to the existing house and look to buy a new house.  This would eliminate the need to move out for 6 months.  I'm dying to live in a house that is complete.  Anyway, besides this we don't seem to have much going on.  I'll just need to go into work for a few hours on Sunday.  Let me know what you want to do.  KR 
 You're correct, Enron doesn't get too involved in these conventions.  I don't know why.  It seems that some of the desks have some functions but mine never does.   My desk seems to be pretty apathetic (probably not a good thing).  I think we've relied, more than any of our other desks, on the financial and e-commerce sides of the business.  Probably not a great thing.  Anyway, lets get together for a cocktail or dinner sometime within the next month.  Did you guys move to the Galleria location yet.  Let me know - we'll go get a big steak at Morton's or Ruths' Chris.  I assume a country boy like you is into some good red meat.  KR 
 "I accept the terms and conditions of this Pilot Participant Agreement."  Kevin Ruscitti 
 Stamos,  Glad everyone had a good time at Sweets'.  I hope he had a blast.  In terms of your email reply, you can have Calpine.  How are they going to make money long term if price caps are instituted?  This obviously would be the stupidest policy.  In addition their exposure to the CA crisis must be pretty significant - when and how are they going to get paid?  I wouldn't want to bank on the energy market in the most regulated state in the country.  Plus, if the state backs energy purchases, it's going to get to the point where who wants to own CA credit??  PG&E and Edison International are doomed, as they should be.  The state of CA is going to go down the tubes unless they find some good leadership.  Unfortunately, noone out there seems to have the least clue on how to solve the problem.  The politicians are a complete joke.  It is incredibly disheartening to witness the absolute stupidity of the CA politicians in addressing this issue.  They seem to be much more focused on finger pointing than coming up with a viable solution.  I honestly think they are incable of solving the problem.   KR 
 Did you go to any parties last night??  I was lame, I didn't go to a single one.  I heard there were some decent ones.  How's life at Duke been?  I haven't talked to you much since you've become a big ICE trader.   Talk to you soon.  KR 
 Stamos,  I don't think many buying opportunities out there.   The economy is going to get crushed this year.  There's only one place to put one's money now, and that is in cash. The manufacturing sector is in dire straits and you will continue to see an increase in plant shutdowns and company layoffs.  The Fed could continue to lower rates but there'll be little capital investment if consumer spending dries up.  I feel we've just seen the beginning. I think the Dow will be trading under 8000 by the end of April.  Psychologically, the California crisis will add to consumer fear.  The crisis is not a short term problem.  As a result, barring any Federal bailout, you could kiss that state's economy goodbye. Let me ask you a question; if you were paying (1) the highest real estate prices in the country, and (2) the highest energy prices for the least reliable power, in (3) the midst of a hi-tech meltdown, what would keep you or your company from closing shop and moving to a different state?? If you own any CA real estate, sell.  The only way to solve the CA energy crisis is to reduce demand or increase supply. Since CA doesn't want any power plants in its backyard, the supply issue likely won't be solved anytime soon.  So, how do impact demand??  You have to price energy(power/gas) so high that the discretionary user (household, manufacturer, commercial store) conserves by closing its plant, cutting back on the thermastat or running the commercial operation during off-peak hours.  California will see this reduction in demand over time.  If the blackouts subside it's because so many businesses have closed their doors for good or moved to another state.  Without this, the blackouts will get much worse. If the state tries to get into the business of buying and selling electricity and gas, I would bet it will go bankrupt within 2-3 yrs.  Could you imagine the impact on the national economy from the bankruptcy of the U.S.'s most prosperous state.  Obviously this is only my opinion, but I would keep my eyes on the energy markets - that's where the key to the turnaround lies.  Take Care and thanks for the email.   Kevin 
 That state will never be the same.  My prediction is that the state will be bankrupt within the next 2 years unless the Federal Gov't bails it out.  I hope Lowery has held off on buying his house.  Talk to you this weekend.  I blew off the Montana trip so I'll be home.  KR 
 Great to hear from you.  Looking forward to meeting in Houston for a baseball game. Conway will be in Corpis soon so we should be able to do a weekend.  We should start construction on the house in May - what an incredibly long process it is.  I definitely would not do it if I had to do it over again.  One redeeming factor is that we bought on a good block.  We definitely have the ugliest house on the block.  We should get a pop in real estate also when all the California companies start migrating to Texas.  Joking aside, unless you guys have incredibly mild weather this summer combined with a lot of rainfall, you're summer will suck.  There is no doubt that the CA economy is going to suffer a great recession.  You have a shortage of supply so the only way to ease the problem is to reduce demand.  This usually occurs when prices reach levels where the price sensitive buyers cut back.  However, with your boy Grey Davis pushing for price caps, this won't happen.   The next way for demand to be trimmed is for companies to leave, so this will probably need to happen to an extent for the problem to ease.  The other factor, of course, is that you could have an increase in supply - new power plants.  But being that the amt. of time it takes to develop and build a power plant in CA is about 3 times as long as in most other states combined with the fact that CA hasn't had a new power plant in the last 10 years, an increase in supply doesn't seem likely in the short term.  Again, this is only my opinion, so you could take it with a grain of salt.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 BL,  Have you experienced any blackouts yet?  I think you'll see a lot this summer. What does everyone think about the situation?  Do they think it's a threat or not?  I think the state is in for a horrific summer - I hope it doesn't turn out that way, but it'll be incredibly difficult to avoid.  Hope everything's going well with work and with the family.  When's the next time you'll be in Dallas?  Let me know.  KR 
 Brian,  Unfortunately I won't be able to make it, but thanks for the email.  Hope everything is going well with you.  Have a great time at the party and tell Sweets I said Happy B'day.  Kevin 
 Thought you might appreciate this.   - California_Dreamin'.gif 
 I saw Yeull Tuesday night - pretty cool, huh?  He seemed a little uncertain on the objection though.  Kevin 
 Wow, what a gracious thank you.  I'm speechless.  Hope everything's been going well lately.  I'll talk to you soon.  By the way, are you going to any events during Gas Fair?  Kevin 
 Congratulations to you and Rena.  When is the due date?  Kevin 
 Attached is a list of all non-index, bid week trades for Michcon, Consumers, and ML7. Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kevin Ruscitti (713) 853-6320 
 David,  Attached is a list of all my non-index, bid week trades (for March) for Michcon, Consumers and ML7. Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kevin Ruscitti (713) 853-6320 
 Cora,  We could go with the lower volume.  Please let me know when the deals are changed.  Thanks,  kevin 
 Jen,  Great to hear from you.  Early congrats on your graduation.  Everything has been going well down in the Lone Star State.  I got married in September down the Jersey shore and everything has been going well.  We bought a house back in May.  It needs an incredible amount of work.  We own the ugliest house on the block, by far.  How are things in Indiana?  Are you and Paul still together?  How is he doing?  When is the last time you were back in Jersey?  We went back over Christmas but only for a couple days.  I think next year we'll go back during New Year's instead of Christmas. If you ever get near Texas or pass through Houston, please give us a call. You both are always welcome to stay at our house.  My phone # is (713) 880-4157.  My work # is (713) 853-6320.  Hope to hear from you soon.  Kevin 
 What will you be doing?  You guys aren't moving are you?  Kevin 
 Give me a call when you get in.  Kevin 
 How's everything going?  Are you enjoying yourself?  How's the new position? How's the family?  Kevin 
 Conway,  Let me know what you think and Lisa and I will talk about it some more as well.  http://www.insideneworleans.com/  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 Sounds exciting.  Keep me up to date on how everything is going.  Talk to you soon,  Kevin 
 The following article appeared in today's Chronicle.    Jan. 25, 2001, 10:59PM  Enron rating setup irks many workers By L.M. SIXEL  TONGUES ARE WAGGING at Enron Corp., and it's not because of the bonuses they're expecting next month.  Employees are irate about a new performance-review ranking system that pits them against each other.  Under the system, nicknamed "rank and yank," employees will be put in one of five categories: 5 percent will be identified as "superior," 30 percent will be labeled "excellent," 30 percent will be called "strong," 20 percent will be labeled "satisfactory" and 15 percent will be called "needs improvement" or "issues."  An insider said "needs improvement" means "you have one leg hanging out the window." And "issues" is Enron lingo for "you're gone."  The rankings, whose names reportedly took Enron officials hours to come up with, are not based just on performance.  Instead, they compare employee against employee.  "It is possible, therefore, for someone to perform at the same or higher level compared to prior periods, yet receive a lower rating for the current period if other employees' performance raised the bar," according to a memo from Chief of Staff Steven Kean and Executive Vice President Cindy Olson that was distributed this month.  While employees are competing against each other for ratings, they're also expected to be team players, according to the memo.   `Horse-trading' of rank denied The problem, according to someone familiar with the new system, is the horse-trading that goes on when the rankings are divided up.  Managers trade rankings like baseball cards, explained the insider, offering to downgrade one employee if they can get a better rating for another employee.  An employee's ranking is more a function of the negotiating skills of the manager he is working for, the insider said.  Olson, who's over human resources and community relations, said no horsetrading is going on. The rankings, due out this week, aren't set in stone, she said. Only 9 percent of employees were rated in the bottom category while 6 to 7 percent were labeled superior, she said.  But Olson said she can see how employees might be worried about the prospect of bargaining.  She speculated that one reason employees might worry is because it's a new system for about 60 percent of Enron's employees. In years past, only the wholesale energy services group was ranked this way.  Some human resource managers expressed surprise that Enron, which is known for hiring superstars, apparently feels that it must get rid of so many employees -- or at least put them on notice that they're not doing well.  It doesn't say much about the confidence of your recruiting system if you're getting rid of 10 to 15 percent of your work force each year, said a human resource manager in Houston who asked to remain anonymous.   Some may not fit in Some people, as smart and talented as they are, just don't fit into Enron's culture, Olson said. It's a company that doesn't tell people what to do; you have to know what adds value, she said. Some folks just have a hard time in that environment.  After thinking about it for a moment, Olson added that maybe Enron's recruiters aren't doing a good enough job weeding out the people who wouldn't do well in an entrepreneurial environment.  Forced ranking systems were popular several years ago. But they fell out of favor, in part because they were seen as damaging employee motivation.  Several years ago, Houston Lighting & Power put in a forced ranking system, dividing all employees into four groups, with "1" the top group and "4" the lowest. Employees were so angry with the system that some work crews had T-shirts printed: "Don't ask me -- I'm a 3."  Olson said she doesn't see a problem with motivation. People like to know how they stand and will work hard to reach the top category, she said.  But many of the employees -- at least the ones who rate above satisfactory -- won't know how they're rated. Managers don't have to reveal the ratings.  And as for figuring out what it takes to be superior? You've got to reinvent your job, add new business lines or create something totally new.  "Employees understand that when it's explained to them," Olson said.     ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -- To voice comments, telephone 713-220-2000 and dial in code 1002. Send e-mail to lm.sixel@chron.com.    Return to top  Click on banner for more information 
 Julie,  Glad to hear some positive news.  Hope you are doing quite well.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 Correction,  I don't think thinks will blow over this summer, I think things could blow up and actually be a lot worse than they are now.  In terms of longer term, I think a lot depends on how the state tries to resolve the problem.  It will be interesting to see.  I feel that the summer will be very interesting, especially if California gets the kind of heat they had last summer.  Stay in touch.  KR 
 The house thing is a tough call.  It's hard to say.   If you're not in any hurry to buy, the summer should give you a good indication of continuing energy problems.  I personally think that the problem will come and go for a while, but a lot depends on how California's legislature deals with the situation.  I have no idea what they'll end up doing - they've acted pretty poorly already.  What's your time frame on a house?  If you're only concern is that prices are at their highest level in the last decade, I wouldn't worry too much about that.  It's impossible to time the market -  who would've thought San Francisco's housing prices would be at these current levels.   There are also a lot of intangibles associated with home ownership as your aware of.  I would be concerned about the energy situation, so just try to keep abreast of it.  Also, you could call me if you have any questions.  I'll try to help the best I can.  Take care and tell Kim and Kendall I said hi.  Kevin 
 Brett,  I thought I had your home phone #, but I only have your work #.  As a result, I didn't call you this weekend.  Send me your home # so I can give you a ring.  By the way, Happy 35th birthday.  I hope you had a good one.  Kevin 
 Mr. B. Lowery,  First of all, you sent me a picture with the head cut off.  I couldn't even see Kendall. I don't know if something happened with the translation of the file, but try to send it again if you can.  In regards to California's energy crisis, I think that California is screwed - big time. I think it has the potential to cripple the state's economy.  If, like you said, noone really talks about it much in SoCal, I would bet that will change soon.  It has the potential to affect every person in the state.  Not only will consumers end up bailing out the utilities - SoCal Edison, San Diego, Gas and Electric, PG&E - but it will likely prevent many new companies from setting up shop in California.  After all, who would want to put millions of dollars in an operation that will be subject to power interruptions while paying the highest utility bills in the country.  I think that the only way California will come out of this OK, is if it has the least energy intensive weather for the foreseeable future.  I don't think this is a problem that will be resolved within the next couple years. But remember, that is just my meaningless opinion.  When do you start coming to Texas.  Let me know so we can try to hook up. I'll talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 (See attached file: Sweets_Wedding_Letter.doc) (See attached file: Sweets_Wedding_Letter.doc) - Sweets_Wedding_Letter.doc 
 Bri,  What's the deal with this Gray Davis guy?  What's your opinion on him? He's pretty much out to lunch on this whole energy crisis thing.  I was wondering how the citizens of California viewed him.  Hope everything is going well with Kim, Kendall and yourself.  Talk to you soon. Send an updated picture if you have one.  Kevin 
 I did get your email and my work number is 713-853-6320.  My home # is 713-880-4157.  I'll give you a call this weekend.  It's incredibly difficult for me to talk at work so I'll give you a shout at home.   Talk to you soon.  KR 
 Bri,  What's the deal with this Gray Davis guy?  What's your opinion on him?  He's pretty much out to lunch on this whole energy crisis thing.  I was wondering how the citizens of California viewed him.  Hope everything is going well with Kim, Kendall and yourself.  Talk to you soon. Send an updated picture if you have one.  Kevin 
 Tell me about the new job.  What will you be doing?  Kevin 
 I've emailed you after both of your messages.  Did you fail to get them.  Let me know.  Kevin 
 What planet did Gray Davis come from??  What's the perception of this guy in California??  Hope all is well.  KR 
 Julie,  If they want to pay $5.15, that's fine with me.  I do have $5.11 in the system but I could have easily made a mistake.  Let me know if you have any other questions.  Kevin  P.S.  Sorry it took me so long to reply. 
 I hope you picked up some EOG on Friday or today.  KR 
 Stamas,  If you could only own one stock what would it be?  For me it would be EOG Resources - don't ignore this one.  KR 
 Counnnnnnnnn,  What's up?   I heard Conway emailed you the other day about New Orleans.  I'm going to meet Conway and Jughead in N.O. on Nov 17 - 19 for a weekend getaway.  I just booked my flight a couple days ago and wanted to see if there was any way you could make it down.  It seems Conway has gotten a cheap hotel room with his military discount - one of the perks of working for Uncle Sam.  I'm sorry for the short notice but we just decided to do it a few days ago.  If you could make it, we'd all love to see you.  If not, we'll have to get together when I'm in NJ over Christmas.  Tell Chris we said hi.  Hope everything is going great for the both of you.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 I'm goin' to have to bag on the game.  My return flight is at noon on Sunday. I get in at 4:45pm on Friday.  What time will you be in?  Do you want me to check on a place to eat Friday or Saturday?  Let me know.  KR 
 I'm interested in donating.  Can I find out more info about the specifics of the procedure and the timing?  Kevin Ruscitti x3-6320 
 They need to go back to Div IAA.  There currently children in a man's world. 
 Sorry it's taken me so long to reply, but I just checked my email.  We were out of town the last few days.  It sounds like you've been doing a lot of thinking and reflecting.   I think it healthy to analyze one's actions in order to better understand oneself.  This better understanding, I find, typically leads to self improvement and greater control, and ultimately, more happiness in life. However, do not let it lead to any form of regret - that would be unfair.  We all have regrets, but these regretted actions typically make us stronger and better people in the long run.  I forwarded your email to Patty Kampmann, not Patti Campi.  As you might imagine, I got a kick out of that.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 Hope all is well.  I haven't forgot abt the Hawaiin Electric position.  I'll try to get in touch with my friend today.  I've been out of town for the last few days.  Kevin 
 Rebecca,  I was promoted to Manager this past PRC.  Please let me know whether or not you received notice. I want to make sure the files have been updated appropriately.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 Cherly,  I have been promoted out of the Associate program last PRC.  As a result, if you could take me off the Analyst/ Associate distribution list I'd deeply appreciate it.  Thanks and let me know if you have any questions or if you haven't been notified of the promotion.  Kevin Ruscitti x3-6320 
 Hunter,  Per your request.  1.)  Traded the Gulf Coast region starting in Sept/Oct 1999. -  Developed valuable customer relationships -  Managed Gulf position with Tom Donahoe -  Gulf book was profitable during this time period.  2.)  Moved to Market Book in January 2000. -   Responsible for trading Michigan and Wisconsin markets -   Managed Market Book w/ Patrice Thurston. -   Market book is profitable  3.)  Managed own book starting in May 2000. -  More than doubled daily volume traded in both Michcon and Consumers. -  Developed and managed multiple products on EOL including -->  Physical forwards -->  Gas Daily Swaps -->  Physical Basis Swaps -->  Physical Index -  Michigan Market Book is profitable  4,)  Prior to joining Gas Trading I worked in Power Structuring where I was involved in -  Asset Valuation -  Commodity/Option Pricing   Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 TJ,  Thanks for the congratulatory message you left on our voicemail - it made us feel great. We actually didn't go on a honeymoon - we will take one sometime next year. We've just been swamped with the house we recently bought.  We bought an old small bungalow in the city.  What a money pit.  Hope everything is going great.  Tell everyone we said hi.  Thanks again,  Kevin 
 The one thing I remember is that they are incredibly expensive and somewhat troublesome to maintain.  Depending on how old it is, I definitely  wouldn't recommend it as your primary car.  Hope you had a good time at the wedding.  It was one of the best weekends I've had in ages.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 I'm glad you had a great time.  It meant a lot to Lisa and me that you were able to spend the entire weekend with us.  I honestly can't remember the last time I had so much fun.  I hope you felt the same way.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 Congrats on the beautiful baby.  Let's get together soon, if even for coffee in the afternoon.  Call me at x3-6320 when you get a chance.  Kevin 
 Susan,  I need to take a look at the following contracts.  Will you please have someone run them down to me in Central Gas Trading when you get a chance?  Counterparty   Sitara  Global # Synergi #  AEC Marketing USA  249169  96017703 016-01611-01-002 Crestar    249175  96022399 016-20948-301 Star Natural Gas  249312  96042209 Kaztex Energy Mgmt  393061  96000734 016-48012-302 BP Amoco   381839  96044917 Utilicorp   263333  96033084 Wisconsin Power & Light 363412  96045390 Amoco Energy Trading  391154  96041011 Tenaska Marketing Ventures 387768  96001395 016-87283-01-002  My cube # is 3234D and my extension is x3-6320.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 I appreciate the email.  I figured something must be wrong for you to miss the big day, but I was afraid to call.  The important thing, obviously, is that you get better.  We'll just have to figure out a way to meet up with you in the near future.  Tell everyone I said hi and keep me informed of your operation and recovery.  We'll all miss you very much.  Hugs and Kisses,  Kevin.  P.S.  Tell Tom and John we said hi. 
 Any deal with a quantity discrepancy is being investigated. 
 Sounds great.  Moller's email address is Richard.J.Moller@marshmc.com.  I do not have anyone else's email, but Moller should be able to provide you with Coun's and Ricigiliano's.  Just ask him.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 Liz,  Here's the file.  Thanks for your help.  Kevin 
 Susan,  Could you please provide me with copies of the attached contracts.  I think you received a similar request from Tom Donaho.  Contact me if you have any questions.   Thanks for your help.  Kevin  P.S. My desk # is 3234D and my telephone number is 3-6320. 
 My bro' was supposed to get in touch with you.  The trip will be on Friday, the 22nd.  It's the day before the wedding.  I hope you could go.  Could you please give Coun, Ricigs, and Sweets a call to see if they have any interest.  Let me know.  Hope everything is going well.  KR 
 Conway,  Where are you at now?  Are you in the states?  Let  me know.  Kevin 
 I never heard back from you.  Do you still have an interest in the group?  Kevin 
 Great to hear.  Congratulations to the both of you.  I'll talk to you soon.  Kevin and Lisa 
 Jay,  Give me a call if you have any questions.  Looking forward to working with= =20 you.  Kevin 
 I could meet today after 5pm.  Give me a call at x3-6320.  Kevin 
 Alberto,  You're best bet is to send a resume to Chris Gaskill.  Chris is starting a new fundamental analysis group.  I know he is looking for a few more people to get this group off the ground.  If you're interested in trading, it's probably the best way to get involved in this side of the business.  I'm not sure if you have a long term interest in trading or if you're just looking for a rotation.  Give me a call also after 4pm and I could provide you with some insight into the area.  Until then send Chris an email with your resume attached or you could talk to me first if you'd like.  Kevin 
 Russell,  Let me know if you need any more info.  Please let me know status as soon as possible.   Counterparty:  City of Holland, Michigan Contact:  Bruce Van Farowe Phone #: (616) 355-1204 Email:  vanfarow@hollandbpw.com    Thanks,  Kevin 
 P,  Please forward this to GD.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 What a relief.  Hope everything is going well.  KR 
 Let's say tomorrow at 6am.  See you then unless I hear back from you.  Kevin 
 Jim,  Do you have any availability this week?  Kevin 
 Luke's growing like crazy.  Great to see the update.  Yeah,   the wedding is getting near and the plans are pretty much complete.  We're really just having family so the plans at this point are minimum.  How's everything in California.  Is Lowery showing up on your doorstep every Sunday at dinner time?  I wouldn't be surprised.  Did I tell you about the dinner I attended in NY a month ago.  What an event.  The party included - get this crew - Bill Ricigliano, Dan Sweetser, Jonathan Counnnn, Richie Moller, Brian Sh., and yes, Vincent Lima.  We were all privey to Moller drinking a 12 oz. glass of fresh piss.  Some things never change.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 Great to hear you'll be back soon.  Get me a call when you get back in the states and tell that Fathead I said hi.  Kevin 
 Sweet house - I hope everything works out.  When are you trying to close? Did they accept your offer?  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 Had a great time in SF.  Went to the wine country for a few days.  Was sad to come back to Houston.  We haven't done much on the house s