 that long??? just kidding were they still good?  not as good as right out of the oven i bet. i'm glad they were consumed.  i am doing well...market aside.....i worked out chest, tris , bis and abs this morn. i've got a new anal retentive running schedule made up...ha ha we'll see how that goes.  let me know what time i can shoot for having dinner ready.  I may swing by a store on the way home. talk to you laters, mo 
 i'm sry..hunbun 
 I exercised my options today...for various reasons.  First: stock moved around 1.3 yesterday and was up as high as 1.5 today...now on its way back down.  I exercised when it was 1.0 up....i really felt that this was more a peak for now than a trend up.  Also, the move yesterday I feel was influenced by news that we were selling our India power plant....this is the 2nd news story related to enron selling assets (Portland General) and reducing workforce (Enron Europe laying off employees).  Yesterday there was an article that was released stating that there may be some difficulty getting the India deal to go through....hence...me feeling like this thing was probably going to move back down.  Also, the employee survey results I read.....not good...enron employee "consumer" confidence is not good.  Not to mention the fact that I see many of my peers getting solicited w/ big bucks to work elsewhere and the volatile trading environment (hence $$$$$ for enron) slowly dissapating.  Lastly....I can always buy enron stock .....at these price levels...taking 3500 bucks and throwing it in the bank..is probably easy money....I can always take the money market and get back in enron....sure I am forgoing getting in at 28.5 (the strike price) but the difference between that and getting in at lets say 40....is a few thousand dollars....rather forgo that and get back in on a definite uptrend...then risk losing this easy money and have nothing to show.  OH...lastly..I am still in EOG which will move in sympathy w/ ENE if that market continues to trend up.  So there you go....the most detailed trade report i think i've ever written. Talk to you later hun L-me 
 I would wear nice slacks and a nice shirt...maybe like you would wear to a nice dinner if you didn't have to wear a jacket..that kind of thing.  I don't think a suit is necessary.  See you friday! Mo 
 suitable for customer.  i may take a nap..will be ready at 7 though. 
 Kori,  I won't be able to make it this evening.  Please tell Scott "adios and best of luck" for me. Thanks, Mo. 
 dinner at tutto bene (beef stew) blues jam at Dan Electros Blues bar.......on west 24th.  me you and suebob so far 
 Alright!  Lets start the invites... I'll invite suebob and anyone she wants to bring with...she's got a friend from outta town. May invite Keith and Tracy...he wants to check out our house/neighborhood. May even invite Dennis from cooking school and his wife since they live close by...hmmmm this could get a bit large..which is not to bad....we could set up horseshoes in the front yard...that would be fun. We'll talk more tonight and construct an email......Based on our headcount we can figure out what the best food is to fix and then possible divy up some of the bringins.  Latersky 
 Hey there,  Ironically I got the card the same day I sent the email.  Count us in for sure.  Still no date for us.  I'll give you plenty of notice. Take care and i'll talk to you again soon. Mo. 
 you could bbq a big piece of meat like you did a while back on cindy..........or we could do fajitas...robbie could make the pico 
 what do you think about having another get together at our house on saturday.....we could barbeque or come up with something else.....it's so nice outside...i think we should take advantage of the weather.  let me know. 
 Thanks.  Give me a ring when you have a chance.  I baked both the cakes last night.  Love to tell you about it. By the way...that is the best damn chocolate cake i have ever had...that was exactly what i was looking for. Talk to you later.  Mo. 713-853-1917 
 Made the ganache last night...tastes great...do you glaze it on the cake or frost the cake?  It said frosting..but to me it looked glazeable. Ran to make a cake during lunch to pick up last few things.  What do you think about baking 2 12x2 cakes in one oven at the same time...staggering the pans?  I was wondering if it wouldn't bring down the oven temp because it might interfere with the air circulation in the oven.  Oh well...not sure what I'm going to do.  My plan is to bake the cakes tonight.  Everything is already measured.  I am crossing my fingers that my oven doesn't wig out.....last night it did when i was making financiers.......my oven is very temperamental...though it has been good lately.  Talk to you soon. Mo. 
 Count me in, but the dogs will probably have issues.  Talk to you later. 
 Excellent....i will be in town that weekend.  You just name the time and place. I was definitely mint-juleped...i love that.  I think those were the last days of disco for mo. I plan to be very lame for the next few weeks..read a lot...spring cleaning, that kind of thing. So hopefully i'll hear from you soon.  Take care, Mo. 
 how bouts we eat something healthy for dinner?  i'm thinking about trying to go to the store right after work. how does a tossed salad w/ tomatoes/mozzarella and balsalm vinegar sound....and then maybe some sort of something else...sauted breast of chick??  I will be busy baking the cake.  I am just crossing my fingers that the oven doesn't wig out on me mid cake..........you might have to sedate me if that happens. We'll talk later. L-mo 
 Hey there, Remind me when your wedding date is?  John is planning a backpacking trip and is thinking about labor day weekend.  I seem to remember your date being close to that.  Let me know.  Hope all is well. Mo. 
 u r human 
 Question: For the engine cake do you use the recipe for the ganache on there or a different one? I was planning on trying their recipe. Tonight i'm going to measure out everything.  I'll keep you updated. 
 Smile often. Laugh hard. Have a great time. We'll mind the store. 
 Yes and no. I think in many ways he is very similar to us.  This is the lifestyle he has always led since college.  To settle down and lay roots somewhere is something that I know from talking with him pulls at his conscience often, that he wants at many levels....but is unfamiliar and therefore scary for him to consider doing.  Just like our desire to live that kind of lifestyle...seemingly free, having only enough money to get you to the next destination...is extinguished by our practicality about things like retirement...providing for a family...and having money to do things that require money to do like ski trips, alaska, etc.  I think this just goes to show how difficult it is to make major lifestyle changes that go against years of living and thinking differently.  Not just adapting to new creature comforts but changing one's mindset...which is scary...and difficult.  More than you bargained for in a response eh? We are leaving here at 11ish..the flight leaves at 1pm.  I'll give you a call before we board the plane. L-mo. 
 Hey there, haven't done the recipes yet. I'm actually planning on doing just the chocolate one.  I am going to do another cake that is a white chiffon cake w/ white choc buttercream frosting.  It also has the buttercream/fresh berrries/ and seedless jam in the layers.  I'll let you know how that turns out. My plan is to do the frostings/ganache on monday..and bake the cakes on tuesday...assemble wednesday.  I've been wiggin out about it because I am doing this to feed 30 people and I have not been practicing at all.......But....i slapped myself around yesterday to calm down and i'm ready for it.  I will do all the measuring on sunday too..so i think i'm giving myself enough time.  Wish me luck. By the way...I loved Make A Cake..AND they have those expensive silicone molds on sale from 67 to 40 each....i bought a financier mold.  The guy is getting rid of them because they don't sell.  You may want to pass this on to Dan. I'll let you know how it goes.  John is joking with me by asking "When are the cakes due?"....like it is homework. Talk to you soon, Mo. 
 The company name has been changed...it is now Enron Wholesale Services.....in layman's terms I work on the gas trading floor and trade financial gas for the western U.S. 
 just Associate.....at Enron Wholesale Services 
 Associate. Cake was good.  Will start prep for the shower on sunday evening after the baptism.  I am baking 2 cakes for a total of 30 people....a little stressfull, but should be fun. Talk to you later. 
 i'm out......i'm not a big fan of trucking to the woodlands...especially during the week.  thanks though. 
 I vaguely remember that.  How long ago was that?  When you were on Cheena? Or did you make it at my apt on Albans? 
 bomb 
 I'll prep it when I get home and you can blacken it when you get in. Should we serve it with wild rice or the sweet potato? 
 engineer through and through....he cracks me up 
 this is just a template....just to get started....i'm just tryin to build a good 25 base before the 18 weeks before 
 http://pollyscakes.com/tidbits.htm 
 You need to read this article...if I haven't ever forwarded it to you before. Go to www.fastcompany.com select magazine archives, then themes, then careers, then the topic "finding your calling", then select the article "Are you deciding on Purpose" Take care,Mo. 
 APB's itenerary 
 Mom, I know you are really strapped to find people to take care of granny on the weekends and i know the costs are adding up as well.  But, if you find someone who can come on saturday or sundays for the day or even for a few hours on a weekly basis i can help pay for that expense.  With the weather improving,  I think it would be good for your stress to be able to get out in the morning and go to the park and just walk the memorial loop and be oustide.  Do you think Robin could come for a few hrs on sat or sunday mornings?  We could meet at the park, David could meet us as well.  I do have a few trips planned for the near future, but I would be very happy to meet you at the park to go walking or at Hanks when I am in town.  I would not be able to cope well with the stress of my job without the outlet of going to the gym or the park to work things out..  Let me know how I can help. 
 that makes me very happy. i'll talk to you later..i'll catch dinner on my own..see you at the casa 
 http://www.kbb.com/kb/ki.dll/kw.kc.ur?kbb;850761&;r&40;Jeep;1987%20Grand%20Wagoneer&15;JE;D3& 
 http://www.wagonmaster.com/about.htm 
 www.carsurvey.org 
 Just spoke with Rebecca...the guys wife.  She says he has a grandfather clock repair tonight to do....not sure if 7 will work.  I told her we had just wanted to check it out while it was still daylight outside.  She is going to phone her hubby and get back with me.  I also gave her your name and cell phone.  She said that this truck is her husbands "baby" and it is breaking his heart to get rid.  Thats a good sign.  I'll talk to you later. 
 Hey there,  Did you call me at the Derby?  I have some vague recollection of getting a voice mail from you...however i had many many mint juleps and was very intoxicated.  I actually flew in on saturday and out sunday morning....was maybe there 16hrs tops. Anyway,  I guess you were here this weekend.  Hope everything went well.  Give me a call anytime if you'd like to talk.  I will be home solo for the next 3 weekends....great time to chit chat.  Hopefully will talk to you soon. Take care, Mo. 
 Things are fine.  I am getting thru a cold right now.....kind of on a plate= au...not better not worse...just a bad cough.  I'd like to hear more about = the stress test.  This weekend john will be going to the deer lease that he= and a friend have paid for for the upcoming season.  They need to get it p= repped I gu