 Please print this article for me. 
 Gail Brownfeld has assumed responsibility for the case. She will contact you. 
 George-- are you ok for the 8yh? 
 I saw your picture in the paper today as ( I think) a "woman of distinction." Congrats. 
 Not only have I seen it, I have also taken credit for it. 
 Can you go to lunch w/ Ileana Blanco and me on Thursday? 
 Andy Edison is handling and he will respond. 
 You have it in hand--as I knew you would. Adkin's atty is supposed to call me at 9:30. you may want to call him today to let him know not to call me. 
 Randy Pais at Enron is handling. You are right that all of this is confidential. I don't think we want anyone to know that we are asking for a permit and the selling the site. By the way, we have no buyer.Randy has your name if he needs anyone in Memphis. Nice to hear from you. 
  I have asked Twanda to set up a short call. 
 no 
 yes 
 Knox thinks any settlement will be between 1-2 million,probably closer to 2. What business person, if any, should we talk to about this? With Carrin, Neal M. and Knox, the attys fees will be enormous if this case ever gets going again. 
 yes--Oct 17,19,24,26th 
  I am willing to allow our name as a cc. Let me know and I will call her back. 
 You pick for me 
 The atty that we talked about in Fla. is Paul Lester, Tel # 305-357-1001. He is expecting your call. Please let me know after you have talked to him. Thx. 
 Do you have Phil Levy's telephone # ? 
     --------- Inline attachment follows --------- 
 Lets meet for breakfast on friday as soon as it opens. 
 I jest, and don't call me Shirley 
 I never recieved this. Please send to Andy Edison and Lance Shuler 
 FYI 
 William Woods in my directory 
 If you are in yor office, Give me a call. I have lost your telephone # 
 Thx. I'll wait and see 
 Has this been set? 
 I am not sure why you want to go, but of course you can. Just show up. 
 Robert Williams 
 Please send a copy to Bob Williams. He will handle. 
 I will not be able to make it 
 Did you take care of this. 
 Set up a meeting 
 No, we don't care. 
 Bonnie White can help you. 
 I can't see how this could be related to our battles with the AG over trading issues in CA. I have no concerns. 
 This is now yours 
 Did you get this and is it being handled? Also-- what happened to that Nepco case for $2800? 
  I am good for Wed. at Kenneally's at 5:30. 
 Talk to Dave. I think he reports to Shelia so you should talk to her as well. 
  Do you have this one also 
 Is this still on? 
 If I have not already told you, set up a meeting w/ meand Britt for 30 min and then get Steve Elliott to join us 
 Not unless you can cure laziness. I will call him this week. 
 Please set up a call w/ Donn Pickett Tues or Wed 
 I talked to Mark and I don't think we have any interest. 
 Can you call Joel and find out what this is about? 
 Is there any way that we can move this to 3? I have a meeting from 1:30-2:30. Or just move it back 30 min. 
 Greg was going to see how he did and whether we could rehabilitate him. Check w/ Greg before we talk to Mark. 
 At the risk of taking grief for having a premeeting before the premeeting before the meeting, can we talk for 15 minutes sometime today(before 5) 
 There was no attachment 
 Andrew Edison, Gail Brownfeld, Richard Sanders 
 Re: reporting loop----Andy 
 holly --  linda guinn needs a modem installed on her computer for access to pacer.  please notify the appropriate departments -- this is something she needs as soon as possible.  thanks. 
 Yes 
 I just sent you this case. Please coordinate w/ David 
  This is the Grynberg lookalike we talked about. 
 Andy Edison and I made plane reservations to LA for the Rose Bowl. We are arriving at 4pm on Wed the 2nd. Did you find any empty hotels? 
 Thanks. Have we heard anything more? 
 Yes. I have calendered it. 
  No changes. 
 I need you to handle this. Call me. 
 Thanks. We will run with it. 
 You need to call Jesus Melendrez at x58670 asap. He had a conf. call w/Crescendo and its outside attys today. You need to get in the loop. 
 What about Midland or (worse) Galveston ? 
 You should read 
 Thx. We need to talk asap today. 
 I am not going 
 I have forwarded a copy of this letter to each of you.It involves a wrongful death claim. Gail-- please coordinate. 
 This will confirm that the meetings with Weil for Sat and Sun will begin at 10am. Mark wants the entire team to be present for the Sat meeting. We will decide after that meeting who needs to be present on Sun. I have sent Weil a number of materials, including the 3rd quarter results given to the analysts. We anticipate that Sat will be a lawyers only meeting to discuss the corporate structure and the bankruptcy issues related to the different business units. The meeting will probably last 4-5 hours.  The Sun meeting will include the commercial team. An agenda will be prepared, but most of the day will be devoted to information gathering and brainstorming. 
  The meeting is in 3321. 
 Did this get paid? If not, we need to process asap.    --------- Inline attachment follows --------- 
 Thanks 
 I need Linda Guinn To have VP authority to approve invoices as outlined below. 
 Two answers:1) I don't think you need one--you can file anywhere in the Southern District, 2) a desire to get crazy judge, like Sam Kent. 
 Per Richard Sanders request, attached is the dial in information for the weekly conference calls scheduled on Thursdays at 2:00 (cst).   Domestic Dial In Number:  1-800-713-8600  International Dial In Number:  1-801-983-4017  Passcode:  56871  Host:  Mark Haedicke  Conference Room:  EB38C2 
 Please note that a conference call re California is scheduled for today at 4:00 p.m. (cst).  The dial in number is 1-800-998-2462.  The passcode is 5264561. 
 FYI 
 Do you have a list of the PX participants committee that you could send me by e-mail. 
 John Quinn, one of our (many)litigators in California was approached by David Boies' firm about getting involved in the Quinque matter. He called me, learned that we were a defendant, and declined Boies' offer to get involved. I have attached the Boies firm response. I think the danger of allowing the Quinn Emmanuel firm to get involved far outweighs the benefit of getting a release. The release may be shortlived.  Enron could be added to Quinque or a Quinque copycat by another Plaintiffs atty. Furthurmore, their involvement in Quinque could result in the development of evidence adverse to our position in the Grynberg case. What are your thoughts? 
 Please note that a conference call is scheduled for tomorrow at 10:00 am (cst) re California.  The dial in number is 800-998-2462, passcode 5268429 
 What case is this and why is it still in front of Whaley? 
 I approve 
 You have sent me some random e-mails lately. The reason they are leaving is because Broadband--move closer to your screen while I whisper-- is not making any freaking money. Yes I am going to South America. I don't know when. Why do you care about any of this--- is your ne'r do well brother-in-law one of these people?? 
 Other than the Taub case, I don't know of anything. Linda? 
 By copy of this e-mail, I have asked Linda Guinn(713-853-6104) to get you a copy of the McConville consulting agreement asap. 
 The conflicts are not apparent to me. Please follow up. 
 Give me a call when you get a second. 
 What about lunch today(fri) 
 Howard Weg left me a message last night that you were scheduled at 10am. I suggested to Harry that he call Howard directly, as he is the keeper of the schedule. The interviews are at Greenberg Glusker, which I think is in Century City. The Angels are in town Tues night. How far away is that? 
 Is that going to do it? 
 As you will note, Robin has made some use of the Lockyer statements. 
 Yes, please. 
 Please call Mcgrath TODAY and give him an update and our apologies. 
 I did not get a copy of the case. 
 fyi 
 I have asked my asst, Twanda Sweet, to set up a meeting on Tues re this issue. I will include Mike Day. Is there anyone else that should be in this meeting---EES legal? 
 I have hard copies that I will send to you by interoffice mail. 
 I need to get the attached info to assist with the CA litigation. Who should I call? 
 FYI 
 please print this out so that I can understand it 
 Maybe-- let me switch a meeting or two-- I'll call you back. 
 I don't shop at Tom James. Please take me off ypur e-mail list. 
  This time is good for Enron. We will talk to you then. 
 Please  evaluate Andy Edison. I value your input. 
 I have left a message for Jim. I will be getting back from working a week in the Portland office on Sunday, so we would have to leave on Monday. Are any other weeks after that good? 
 I am flyingt to LA tonight(Mon) and can be reached at 713-410-6128. The las= t I heard, Susman was coming. Whether Steve Susman comes remains to be seen= . 
 What's up? 
 Is that # right? What gives? 
 I am on board. If the PX comes back again, I will call their in-house attys. 
 I am trying to set up a conf. call today at 10:30 central to speak to the Chicago attys. Andy is not involved in this case. 
 Is this guy a problem for us in the litigation? I can talk to the Duke attys re preserving Enron's proprietary info. 
 I haven't heard anything. Could it be that Bill was overstating his position? 
 I will be there. 
 I am scheduled to go to the Lakers game. Sorry. 
 These are all the ones I am aware of. 
 According to his deposition, Kevin is "exploring other opportunities." 
 Fergus and Gibbs. 
 I talked to Robin about this yesterday in relation to the class actions. I think the way we left it was that Jeff Alexander was going to look at the issue of transfering venue based on prejudice and get back to me. When do you need to make this motion? 
 I am a little behind the curve--nothing new. Has this been resolved? Other than knowing what is happening, what do I need to do? 
 Will do. Hope you feel better. 
 Have we received a settlement offer? I saw Kevin Presto yesterday and he asked me about it. Lets talk today. 
 I have sent you a check. I will take more tickets if someone drops out. 
 Sorry for the late reply. You are correct about  the policy. 
 Has this been set? Who is coming? What is the agenda? 
 Thanks 
 I was reading through your and others' recommendations and saw(for the first time) your dinner invitation. Sorry for the delay. I need to take a rain check. Life is really hectic right now. As you will note from the time, I am here early just to clean out my e-mails--what has technology done to us. I am in CA once a week. Yesterday, my 5 year old called me at the office at  7am and asked me why I was never there when he woke up. So much for my cushy in-house job. Anyway, a night away is too hard to find right now. What about lunch? Thurs or Fri of next week? 
 Did you switch this? 
 Forget Boies and Weiss 
 Anything more on this? 
 FYI 
 Thanks. 
 Delaware is fine. 
 We made it but the house next door and the house catty-corner to us both flooded. 
 We made it but the house next door and the house catty-corner did not. I called Zisman this morning and was told that his houe was flooded. Yes I need tickets-- 4 tickets for either Fri, Sat or Sun the 22nd, 23rd, or 24th. 
 Can you make sure that this goes to El Paso. I assume that we dont need to do anything else(?) 
 In the short term(one week), we need to lean on him. In the longer term, he is out. 
 Disregard my previous messageabout this case. Thanks for your assistance in= this matter. 
 Set up for Wed 
 Yes-- but lets wait until you and I can talk live. 
 I don't know any of them, although I am familiar with Vinson & Elkins--they are an excellent firm. 
 Please include on our database 
  Please include in my directory. 
 Not yet 
 I manage all the litigation for EWS. 
 None other than the GE case against Power Systems. 
 Have fun. Please tell me it is some place exotic---like Long Beach? 
 Yes, our PR Dept has this service.Thanks. 
 I dont know what this is, so I won't erase it and will leave for you to han= dle. 
 Did you talk to Elizabeth Labanowski(sp?) re the grand Jury being convened to look at Enron's political contribution? 
  This also 
  EES wants to terminate energy contracts(futures cintracts) with two bankrupt entities. Can you let Bob Williams know if you have any comments/suggestions to his letter? 
 I sent this to Hodge and Sager for their comments. 
 I can't open this. 
 I can't open this 
  please RSVP no. I will be in Boston 
 The atty is Charna Sherman at Hahn Looser in Cleveland. By copy of this e-mail, I have asked Linda Guinn to take the lead in getting you this information.Linda-- I need to also find the Plaintiff interrogatory response in the CA NSM case to send to Bonnie. I sent the Int. to Dick Lydecker recently. 
 Tracy-- can you look at this and give me a call-35587. I dont understand what it means to us. 
  This is something interesting to put in your back pocket. 
 mtouhey@velaw.com 
 I'm screwed for the forseeable future(some of which is vacation) I'll call you. 
 I am sure I filed it.You can't give up on this. Either we have it or Gary = Grote has it. 
 A belated thanks for sending this. 
 Andy Edison will get back to you on this. 
 I have lost track of this. Is there an actual matter? Who is handling? 
 Please check with John on a later date. By copy of this e-mail, I will ask Stephanie to get alternate dates from you, John,Me, and Jim McCartney and to take the lead on the scheduling. If no other date works, we will go the week of the 16th.   Also- I need you to give dates to Stephanie for the meeting w/me and Mark re your travel schedule.She will take the lead on this one also.   Finally--- I talked to Julia Murray about FCPA training that you were going to do for her group. I think this would be  good PR for you. Please do whatever you can to get them a firm date. 
 I never did this. Sorry. What do I need to do at this late juncture? 
 I need to go to San Diego on the 27th for a 3pm hearing. I can probably go that day. Find out what Robin Gibbs is doing and where he is staying. I need to get the first flight back on the 28th. 
 I was expecting a check from Melanie Gray in the PCA Bankrupty. Call her and get a status report. 
 Just a reminder that I need Seabram"s "I'll say anything e-mail" 
 The problem with tapping those funds is that the hogs will get fatter. I think we should vote with our overall theme in mind: the PX participants committee is out of control and anything that curtails them is good.  Is that clear as mud? 
 There is no policy that I know of(don't make me write one) 
 Don't do this. Derrick wants me to handle. 
  Can you print this out for me? 
 I am ok. We have gotten into trouble before when we used a different address or fax# that the one contained in the contract. Send it to as many addresses as you have but check the one in the contract. 
 John- I think that Mark Haedicke talked to Sam about this but I wanted to f= ollow up. We want to make sure that Sam is available to Enron as well and t= hat his representation of Idaho Power does not infringe on work we might wa= nt him to do. 
 Linda guinn will get this for you 
 As you attempt to reschedule, just remember the crying faces of ten 5 year olds when Coach Sanders isn't there to lead them on to victory. 
  FYI 
 thanks 
  Andy Edison will get this to you. 
 I tried to call you but could not get through. What is your # ? 
 yes 
 I have been out of the country for the last week, but am in today. I am available anytime this AM. 
 Gareth Bahlmann is doing a big financing and I participated in a California due diligence call last Thurs. w/ the bank's atty, who happens to be Gary Orloff at Bracewell. Gary wanted to see our proof of claim. Can I get a copy? 
 what is your telephone # ? 
 I now see who she is. I am happy to go. 
 Thanks for your e-mail. As it turns out the judge kept the case in San Diego. 
 This looks fine. Can I get a copy of what went. I may be in D.C. next week. 
  Your are on the right and true path. 
 No. Should I? Lrts talk about it Monday. 
 To hire(no) or to represent us(maybe)? 
  We need to talk about this 
  yes 
  I have it as brianp@aiglincoln.com. No".po". Did you leave Susman? Saw your picture on the Texas Lawyer---almost fell out of my chair. Have you parlayed this fame into something else? 
 We have not had any disputes in my 3.5 years and none that I am aware of in the past. 
  When is the hearing and what is the likelihood of it going forward on that date? 
  I am working on the Enron Corp PAC. Can you send me a copy of the invitation so I can submit it. Fax # 713-646-3393. 
 Is this mine? 
 No le hace. 
 Actually, I now can not do it from 11-12. The rest of the day is free. 
 Please call him and set up a time to talk next week- Monday if possible. 
  Are we doing anything on California and do you need my input? 
 Thanks for the update. 
 I have asked my asst. to put a meeting together. 
 I gave this to Michelle Cash. 
 We now have a refund order from FERC which I have not yet  read. The issue = of ENA's liability is, as you would guess, complicated. Are we still on tra= ck for a short meeting to discuss? 
 what does this mean? 
 Jim--- I have talked to Tim. He is ok. Call me if you have any Q's. 
 This is our judge in Sacramento. 
 Should I do anything about this. It is getting ridiculous. 
 The atty was transferred to me from Haedicke's office. I have no idea where they got Mark's # and name.His name is Dave Parkinson 801-323-3208. He is out of Salt Lake City. 
  I spoke to Rick McCombs at Mayer Brown this morning and he informed me that he is in trial all week and unavailable for a call today. We agreed to a 7am central (1pm London and 8am New York) call on Thurs. to go over the answer and any other pending items. He promised a draft answer by  3 pm central on Wed afternoon. Hopefully, Paul will be well by then. I will set up a call-in number for the conference.. 
  FYI. This meeting has to do with the Calpers "investigation" of its JEDI investment with Enron. As you know, Willie Brown is the mayor of SF. The city of SF is the lead plaintiff in one of the class actions. 
 Please handle 
 yes-- out of curiosity, how much? 
 Please set up this call. Rick McCombs in at Mayer Brown in Chicago. Also--get his direct no. and address and add them to my directory. Thanks. 
 Your welcome. What was the name of the Dude ranch you described? 
 Yes, please sign it. 
 Thanks for the update and an the encouragement. 
 Can we talk today. Call me at 713-853-5587. If I am not in set a time with my asst. 
 Who is this? Can you send him to Linda? 
 How about 2 my time? 
 This is ok. Lets review them in the SF Enron office. 
 One Mary Jane Smith. As the memo says, these are rumours. 
 Is this call still being held? 
 Probably not If it is for NSM we might have it in McConville's old files. If it is Qualitech then I don't have it. 
 Did this get any press? If so,send me any articles you may have. 
 Whatever happened to this? 
 thanks 
 Only if you say I have to. 
 I am the soccer coach for Daniel and the asst coach for Ben. Our weekends are booked up until early Nov. Can we schedule a workweek for the? Sorry. 
 Sorry I have been less than diligent in getting back to you, although I tried to call today. As David Burns may have told you, I was active at first(when I thought my role as comm. member was limted) I have not been active lately because almost all the lawyers involved in this case seem to only motivated to prolong the case.There is alot of money being spent on nothing. Now I see this Budget. Unbelievable. I am available tomorrow aft. please have your asst. call Twanda Sweet 853-9402 to set it up. Have you talked to anyone else? 
 I assume that you have handled this. If not, let me know what I (we) need to do. 
 I am pathetically and pathologically late in getting back to you.Sorry. Enron is very opposed to this. Can we talk at your convenience today. 
 thanks, we have it covered 
 Boy did I blow this. Have you come and gone? If not, should we invite David Runnels? 
 did you draft a demand letter? 
 Sounds Fine 
 I want playoff tickets but am undecided about next year. 
  Can you guys handle this in my absence 
 I am assuming that this is just an FYI. If so, dont respond back 
 Andy, can you call her re Berry. Thanks 
 If you have not already done so,can you get back to Jim. Thanks 
 Please get to the bottom of this and report back to me. Thanks. 
 Sorry for the overreaction on Fri. I was having a very bad hair day. It see= ms like no harm, no foul. I need you to keep your finger on the pulse on th= is issue. I called Zach Starbird( Mirant) about the issue and he was surpri= sed that Mirant had voted in favor. Can you call Brian Holman and see where= they stand. If you know any of the other attys well enough, please call th= em and lobby them also.I am in South America this week, but would like to b= e on the conf. call thurs. Can you make sure I have the #s.   With respect to the PX settlement, I am an unenthusiastic supporter. Please= let me know if the proposal changes. 
 If possible, don't sign a lease until I get back. If you need a immediate answer, let me know. 
 I left you a voice mail this am. Check it 
 Are you ok? Can you make this call? 
 What is this about? I am here all week. 
  Our attys are at Lebouef, Lamb in New York. I cannot get them by e-mail or phone.. We probably need to postpone. 
 Lets talk at 9:30, if only to reschedule 
 That is probably our lawsuit. Joint Energy Development Investments (JEDI) is an Enron LLC with Calpers-- the California State pension fund. Lets take a look. 
 I'd like to attend. Please get w/Twanda. 
 Fyi. I told her not to go because we had too many other problems. I do need to develope a plan to deal with FCPA. I would like to mninmize her involvement, but fear this will upset Derrick and Walls. Any suggestions? 
 Can't make it. That is my son's third birthday. Maybe I should bring him and the rest of my family(and inlaws) and try to pass it off as a joint celebration. 
 No, I agree we should file on Monday. I would suggest that we reschedule the conf. call for friday am--7o'clock. 
 We should file on Monday, absent some compelling reason.Let's postpone the conf.call until Friday---same time. I need the draft answer by 2 pm central on Thurs. I cannot have a Thurs afternoon call. Is Rick McCombs available on Fri am? 
 Thanks for the update. Is the hearing still on? 
 Tell Bethany that I am sorry I miss the Country Day Alumni function last Fri. I told her I would be there, but other more pressing matters prevailed----at least I think so--- the days are blurring together. I probably did one of two things--- got drunk( there has been alot of that around here lately), or went home, got in bed, and pulled the covers up over my head. 
 The good news is that the 4th beer usually makes the pain/depression/anger go away. The bad news is that last week it was the 3rd beer. 
  Fyi. It looks like Jim is becoming more informed if not more involved. 
 Have we implemented a policy? 
 thx 
 The Horror, the Horror 
 As you will note from the papers, we are in deep shit. As you would guess, Haedicke is in charge.Call him. 
 The press is bad because it is accurate. I have never seen more greed, arrogance, and lack of morality. 
 If we go to Las Vegas for Thanksgiving, we probably can't meet you. Julie is waivering on Las Vegas though. I'll call. 
 I am going to Las Vegas for Thanksgiving, but am available any day but Monday next week. Let me know your schedule. 
 I talked to Jempy about this last night.He don't want another meeting. We have a new canidate in the hard-ass client category. 
 Good. Lets talk that morning. 
 Two issues: First,should we pay the law firms? Total is 43mm. Second, Lisa and I think that the group needs some direction today. Can we have a 10-15min telephone call at 4:45 or after the Board meeting (6:00) 
 How about we give her some Enron stock options. 
 546 college bellaire tx 77401 
 If you get this, drop what you are doing and give me a call at the office. 
 I can't begin to tell you how much I would like to do that---except for one thing. I will be dead or mortally wounded when I tell my wife. She moved the entire family to a new house on Monday with no help from me.Thanks, but no thanks. I've got some making up to do. 
 yes 
 where are you? 
 no. I am listening now. 
 yes, but if it screws everything up, don't move it. 
 fine 
 Please sign me up for the 19th at 1:30 or 3:00 
 I tried for 10 minutes to sign up before giving up. This has to be easier. It seems to me that someone at HR doesn't get it. 
 Can we talk about this today? 
 Yes 
 Lets talk about all their cases, including the Columbian coal case and the J block case-- Get w/ Twanda and set aside 30 min. 
 Don't know--maybe both 
  Sorry about the conference call this morning--- I neglected to get a call in number. I talked to Paul Simon, who had talked to Limor Nissan, and among the lawyers, we have no more comments. Paul was going to get together with the commercial team and see if they had any issues. Paul will contact you today with these changes/additions. If they are not substantive, I don't need to see them. Send Limor, Paul, and me a copy of the filed pleading. Thanks for your help. 
 Please handle 
  I have completely lost track of this case. I have asked Twanda to set up a call w/ you, me, and our outside counsel. Now for the 100,000 question----who is our outside counsel? Let Twanda know. 
 Looks good 
 YOU ARE ONE ANAL DUDE 
 Huh? For you to handle as you wish. 
 This is pathetic but I don't know the status of this. What is going on? Did we send the letter? 
 I am coming in Mon. morning. Let me know if there is any change in the schedule. Thanks. 
 I may be too late on this but here goes---- if arbitration is out then agree to a forum that is not in their backyard. 
 The issue of the SCE bankruptcy will come up again. Carl-- did you ever talk to Reliant or Mirant? The next call that you have re the PG&E bankruptcy, I would like  to join in and dicuss the issue of an involuntary filing. I know we have talked about it before, but because of the hijackers, we never got the full legal analysis. Tom Laria at White and Case and the McCutchen attys had done some research. They offered to provide it to us. Lets take a look, do our own research, and discuss. 
 what is this/ who is this 
 This will confirm that I would like to have an organizational meeting at 2 pm central on Tuesday the 18th---one hour. Twanda will provide a call in #. 
  By copy of this e-mail, I am asking Twanda to set up a short conf.call w/yo= u on Wed or Thurs to discuss these issues 
 I am not in a huge hurry. I just want to make sure we have fully reviewed our options now that we have a little more time. LLGM should participate on this call and gather all other information available(Mirant and Reliant legal memos) and lets talk sometime next week. I think LLGM is in a better position than Enron to dictate timing, so I'll leave the scheduling to you. 
 Thats like saying you want to be a prisoner/inmate to get the free cable. 
 Sounds like a good plan. Andrea-- I have asked my asst. to get with you to reschedule. M. Haedicke wanted the criminal atty on the call. 
 I tried to call you, but the phones are out. No urgency, I just remember your proximity to the WTC and wanted to make sure you and the members of your firm are OK. 
 Yes. I will do so. 
 I am ok 
 As you will recall, Steve was referred to us by Neal Manne and served as local counsel in the Glatzer matter. He has done a great job. Although I don't have anything now, I would love to send something his way. 
  Please handle 
 I just talked to our accounting dept and told them about your proposal to f= ix the mistake. They are ok with it. Just make sure you document it as desc= ribed in this e-mail.  P.S. There is no bigger matter to deal with than your bill. This  must be t= he kind of half--truths that made you the most hated man in Sacramento. 
  FYI 
 Thanks. I'll take the third week of February. By the way-- if you call the house during that week and someone tells you they rented it from me for $5000 per day, that's my brother and no matter what he says, that's only an inside joke in our family. 
 Sounds good 
 Thanks for the check. The entire Sanders family is going next weekend for a "work weekend." It woild be great if you could go, even for a short time. No one is bringing kids, although Ben is old enough to help. Call me if you want details. 713-853-5587. 
 Call me on my cell phone 713-410-6128. I am ready to go. 
 I am traveling with my brother to Picton on Feb 22. Do you have a room w/ 2 beds for the night of the 22nd? 
 I would like to book a room w/ 2 beds for Thurs the 21st. I have inquired on the NZ bed and breakfast website but cannot get to the reservation desk. My Visa # is 4388 5490 0061 6748 exp 11/03. Can you confirm a reservation? 
 All joking aside, we would love to use it. Maybe next summer. By the way, although I have not invited you and Dave to come to Portland on the 3rd, you are welcome. I am not sure it is the best use of your time. I am flying to SF to meet w/ Gary on the day of the 3rd to catch up on FERC issues You may want to come to that. 
 In your firm's name 
 Yes. XL.RC#105656 
 I have done it but not until this morning. You may want to call him. Also-Novack and Williams have not completed reviews. 
 Call Guidry. Bruce is probably relieved he doesn't have to complete another form. I also left you a VM on the propsed McCartney trip. I need you to coordinate through Stephanie so we can get the dates set in stone. 
 I would have David interface with the Costilla D&O insurer. I would call Jim Studdert re Enron coverage. 
 Yes-- deal with Willie directly. As for the claim of 1.825 million, as long as ENA accounting agrees to that #, I am fine. Is that just ENA or does EES also have a claim? 
 Twanda will call you 
 all 3's. She wasn't bad. 
 I am flying in on the morning of the 3rd, arriving at approx. 9:30. I will be leaving for Portland at 5:30. That should give us from 10:30 to 3:30. 
 You have this on my calender for the 27th of September. 
 Jim Derrick sent me your message to him about this lawsuit. Thanks for your intrerest. We have already retained V&E to represent us. 
 Thanks. I am a mean 30 handicap. 
 I would like to talk to your partner. Can you give me the info. 
 I have to move some stuff around on the 8th. Is that set in stone? 
 Looks good. 
 please coordinate with Mark Wawro at Susman re when we will be traveling to this hearing 
 I have a mediation that day. Let me know when you will be in town again.    jscott@susmangodfrey.com 05/25/2000 03:19 PM 
 If PG&E's LOCs are related to the now cancelled long term power trades, they clearly should not be renewed. What are the SCE LOCs for?    William S Bradford/ENRON@enronXgate 04/17/2001 10:46 AM 
 Can you get your asst to set up a call with Kathy for Wed, Thurs, or Fri? Thanks    showard@agsk.com 04/16/2001 08:10 PM 
 I will leave this to llgm.    "Cindy Stremmel" <cstremmel@ggfcmk.com> 04/16/2001 07:01 PM 
 Agenda for 2:00 p.m.(cst) Conference Call Today   1. San Diego class action - Kirby/Noonan  2. San Francisco class action - Fergus  3. MDL Hearing  4. Ferc intervention in class actions - Watkiss/Alexander  5. Px Bankruptcy - Sanders  a. Charge back/release of collateral b. Commandeering action c. Uncontrollable forces litigation  6. EES negative CTC Claim - Williams/Day  7. Other Ferc actions - Watkiss/Alexander  8. Government Investigations - Sanders  We anticipate the call will last less than one hour.  Again, the call in-information is:  Domestic Dial In Number:  1-800-713-8600  International Dial In Number:  1-801-983-4017  Passcode:  56871  Host:  Mark Haedicke  Conference Room :  EB38C2 
 You have this--right? 
 Harry---Please find out exactly what they are filing---get a copy of it if possible and lets set up a conference call to discuss.    "Harry Olivar" <hao@quinnemanuel.com> 04/17/2001 01:17 PM 
 Thanks for taking care of this. Let me know if we get a response. 
 I have asked my asst, Twanda Sweet, to set up a conf. call on this for Friday. Jim is right--we need to be prepared for anything. Bill- I heard today that PG&E has sent us a letter or otherwise communicated to us that they are looking for a letter from us on valuation and are going to challenge our setoffs. Any news?    "JAMES HUEMOELLER" <JLHUEMOE@LLGM.COM> 04/17/2001 03:00 PM 
 Please set up a call for tom.morning. 
 Please set up a call for Fri afternoon 
 You are a wonderful boy and you are welcome.    Namuathome@aol.com 04/19/2001 06:08 PM 
 If I am giving you too much info, let me know. 
 I am confused. I asked that the $720 be billed to my acct at the Houstonian---but I do not know my member #. Is Kidventure going to get the # from the Houstonian or do I need to do something? Please let me know.    Registration Confirmation <camp@kidventurecamp.com> 04/22/2001 12:17 PM 
 I am thinking about coming from Houston for this meeting--- depending on the agenda. What is the agenda?    "Jeffrey A. Krieger" <jkrieger@ggfcmk.com> 04/20/2001 07:52 PM 
 I did not get an attachment 
 I will hold off on contacting Charles Bone, the influential Ten. atty we talked about, until I hear from you that we need him to call the Ten. AG.    Lisa Mellencamp 04/20/2001 01:58 PM 
 FYI 
 I thought there was a pre-meeting at 9:00 am? 
 I did not participate in the call last week because I thought it was only concerning financial consultants. Shortly before the meeting,a more detailed agenda arrived by e-mail(which may be par for the course but I find irritating). Please find out 1) what was decided and 2) what is the agenda for tues. Thanks    "J. ROBERT NELSON" <JRNELSON@LLGM.COM> 04/18/2001 12:57 PM 
 This letter looks fine. Please send me a hard copy.    showard@agsk.com 04/16/2001 08:17 PM 
 In case you did not have this,Fairbanks is our contact re stolen property. Freddie took the property 
 Please find out what is happening 
 Are you coming to the Enron Legal Conf.? I would really like to sit down with you and talk about the strategy for managing Enron Europe's litigation. 
 Please follow up asap. 
 Please arrange 
 Attached is a memo re California Exposure. 
 We have no interest. Do you think I need to write a rejection letter?    Gerald Nemec 05/30/2000 09:38 AM 
 For some reason, I can't open the attachment.    "Neal S. Manne" <NMANNE@SusmanGodfrey.com> 04/22/2001 06:19 PM 
 Jim and Mark --- Gail and Ross Rommel at A&K did a nice