 please sign me up for myself and spouse.  Thank you Diana Scholtes 
 Either Sean or I will be forwarding the e-mails to real-time for now on.  Diana 
 FYI 
 Hey Monica!  Long time no hear!  Just wanted to make sure you and Kristian are doing fine.  Morale here is extremely low.  I'm sure its the same there.  But we continue to be busy.  Good thing for all of us!  When are you guys coming back to the states?  By the way, how are your parents?  I hope they are safe and well.  Keep in touch!  Diana 
 thanks 
 Hey just wanted you to know that the Real-Time position Mgr. is still not working; or updating.  ds 
 Virginia,  Not sure who handles the PGE account, but I have completed the settlements for the year 2001.  I am still working on Dec 2000 issues and should have those complete this week.  Can you please forward this to the appropriate people in Houston.  Thanks,  Diana Scholtes 
 FYI Here's our password for the TSIN registry.  Dave, I figured someone in IT would need to have this password incase Cara and I aren't around!  Diana 
 julie,  this is first of the month week for us and busy!  if there is no one else, let me know and we can try to re-arrange our coverage.   Thanks,  diana 
 sean just asked who jeff shields was AGAIN 
 Wonder what their nomination will be for Nov?  Thanks Diana 
 O.K.!  Just to keep you appraised of what I'm doing,  I have left a message with Bob Sullivan @ CISO and I spoke to WAPA.  I think the call to WAPA was just to notify them that they won't be managing Shasta's transmission position for the term of our deal.  I'm going to be working with Bob Sullivan to create procedures for scheduling purposes.  Not sure if you want to stay in the loop for that?  You can update Gerry though, for me.  I appreciate your help!  Thanks  Diana 
 Vicky,  Thank you again for you assistance with this process.  As you requested, this is our notification to PG&E of our purchase from the City of Shasta Lake of their COTP Transmission Capacity bi-directionally.  The term of the deal will include the months of November and December 2001.  Also as you requested, I faxed the Confirmation Notice between Shasta and EPMI to your office.  I have listed my office number below if you have any further questions.  Thanks again,  Diana Scholtes Enron West Trading 503-464-3807 diana.scholtes@enron.com 
 Lynn,  Who can I talk to regarding my password to get into the TSIN site?  Diana Scholtes Enron 503-464-3807 diana.scholtes@enron.com 
 FYI 
 Paul,  Put me down for a 21" and a 19" if there's availability.  diana 
 not that we have much equity in our 401 anymore, but we may need to look at which fund to invest in.  ds 
 I went into Scheduling to view these deals and they have been zeroed out.  I'm confused as to why they would appear in the view actuals in deal entry.  I believe these should synchronize, or they read off of one another. ??  diana  Deal # 517673.1 and 517674.1 
 Hey what's the scoop on this?  diana 
 FYI..... 
 Stewart,  I left you an envelope with information regarding the City of K. Falls. Not sure if you forwarded it to anyone to begin the process for credit approval.  Can you please respond to Ray's E-mail?  Let me know if there is something else you need me to do.  ds 
 We match with $424.80 owing to PGE for the month of December 01  ds 
 Steve Hall is contacting Al Paske regarding the transmission contract.  Apparently they have already been discussing this issue.  ds 
 How do we feel about having approval/denial authority in E-tag for all of the El Paso stuff.  How does it work now?  ds 
 Either Saturday will be fine.  diana 
 Hey Young!  Perfect timing I tell you, Natalie