 Just so you can see how this is evolving... I think we should steer clear of anything involving Energy Services because it sounds like we are buying/selling gas. I've instructed the commercial group to get back to you with a name.  When they do, let Lillian Bailey know (x33577).  That is really the only information she still needs from us, I think. I'm reachable at 713-494-5002 for the rest of today. 
 I believe this message was intended for Susan M Scott of ENA; I'm with ETS Legal. 
 In response to your question of whether Transwestern Pipeline needs to renew its bond (Bond No. 22000455) to the State of Oklahoma, the answer is yes.  If you have any questions, please call me at x30596. 
 Darin, that is fine.  Revised agreement attached. 
 given that I don't even know what UAF is, I will plan to attend. 
 I just received a copy of a Section 5 complaint filed by SoCal requesting a FERC order 1) determining that the SoCalGas/Topock delivery point is fully subscribed on a firm primary basis, 2) directing El Paso to comply with previous Commission orders that preclude the selling of firm primary capacity at points where none is available and 3) directing El Paso to schedule capacity acquired during an open season (effective Jan. 1, 2000) into SoCal/Topock on a secondary basis only.  SoCal states that it has experienced daily cuts of up to 57% and averaging 25%.  If you would like a copy of the complaint, let me know. 
 Maria reminded me that we are required to file a rate case to be effective Nov. 1, 2006. We could file one before then as to non-Current Firm Shippers, but I doubt we will. Any other questions -- let me know. 
 Attached is the final version of the Interconnect Agreement.    I've changed Section 4.2 in accordance with our e-mail discussion. Additionally, I've filled in the blanks for POI# and date of commencement of construction, and added an Exhibit A (and a reference to Exhibit A in the definition of "Facilities") listing what will be installed.  Darin, kindly fill in the appropriate contact information on page 11, have the agreement executed by EPFS in duplicate originals, and return both originals to me.  I will return a fully executed original to you.  Lorraine Lindberg will be forwarding you wire transfer information for the payments that are due from EPFS upon execution.  If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me.  Lorraine will be on vacation as of tomorrow.  Thank you,  Susan Scott Transwestern Pipeline Company 1400 Smith St., Room 4788 (713) 853-0596 
 Jim, if we delete current Section 4.3, then we would like to reinsert the "negligence" clauses in Section 4.2 (I don't remember how they got negotiated out in the first place).  So it would read:  4.2  a.  TW shall release, protect, indemnify, defend and hold harmless EPFS, its affiliated companies and officers, directors, employees, and agents and servants, contractors and subcontractors ("Indemnified Party" or "Indemnified Parties") from and against that portion of the liabilities, losses, claims, damages, penalties, causes of action, suits (including suits for personal injuries or death or property damage and including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) caused or contributed to by the negligence of TW or its agent(s) arising out of or in connection with its obligations under the terms of this Agreement.  b.  EPFS shall release, protect, indemnify, defend and hold harmless TW and its Indemnified Parties from and against that portion of the liabilities, losses, claims, damages, penalties, causes of action, suits (including suits for personal injuries or death or property damage and including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) caused or contributed to by the negligence of EPFS or its agent(s) arising out of or in connection with its obligations under the terms of this Agreement.  c.  [same as current version] d. [same as current version] 
 Ted, I made a slight change on the first page.  Also, the blanks of course need to be filled in for $$ amount and term. Do we have other guaranties in favor of both TW and NNG?  I know we probably do, and I may have even approved them.  But if possible I'd prefer to have two separate guaranties since TW and NNG are separate legal entities.  It is not a huge concern, since we are not jointly obligating the two companies to do anything.  If it would cause an administrative hassle to have two agreements, let me know. 
 Drew, here's my first stab at a rehearing argument.  I did not go as far as I could have because I really think we should argue that there should be no limitation at all and that TW should be able to decide for itself what capacity it can sell as firm.  Instead, I've proposed a solution that will be less controversial, as we discussed earlier this week.  If you think this passes the laugh test I can do some rewriting and circulate it.  My biggest concern is portraying PNM's capacity as "firm" or "interruptible" since PNM does not use that terminology, in its tariff or otherwise, except to assure us over the phone that it is firm!  I'd like to check to see if PNM is comfortable with all this before we file anything.  Call when you can; this is not due 'til Oct. 15. 
 Nancy, I've prepared the attached outline in response to FERC Staff's request that we provide "something in writing."  This is basically just a description of our proposal.  I've tried to keep it brief so that staff members are not reading while we're trying to talk to them.  It should be enough information to raise a lot of questions.  Please wait until Shelley or I give you the go-ahead to pass this along to the relevant Commission people; I'd like to give the other addressees the opportunity to comment on this to the extent possible.  Everyone else:  please give me your comments ASAP as Nancy has been asked to provide something to them tomorrow. 
 Don't you have work to do?? : ) 
 You had a question about the meaning of Section 4.3.  Here's a brief explanation.  Section 4.2 covers indemnification in case one party gets sued by a third party for damage caused by negligence of the other party.  I'm OK with eliminating "stockholders" and the "...judgments of any nature..." clause you two spoke about on the phone as long as they come out of both subparagraphs a. and b.  Section 4.3 needs to stay in because it covers any potential action by EPFS against TW for damage to EPFS's facilities during the term of the agreement. TW is already obligated elsewhere in the agreement to construct and operate the facilities in accordance with industry practice, tariff and DOT standards.  Our policy in interconnect agreements is that if TW complies with these standards we should not then somehow be liable for damage to EPFS in case of explosion, etc.  In other words, both parties bear the risk attached to something unforeseeable going wrong notwithstanding use of industry and DOT standards. (By the way, I believe the "notwithstanding anything in this Article 4 to the contrary" language should come out; I'm not sure why it's in the draft.)  Any questions -- please e-mail or call (713-853-0596). 
 Lindy, FERC has consistently held that pipelines may make "operational" sales of gas.  Specifically this has included occasional sales of gas resulting from cashout requirements and the buying and selling of gas to maintain linepack levels.  TW's sale of excess linepack gas would probably be fine. By contrast, buying gas then turning around and reselling it would be suspect as it would look too much like our unbundled merchant function.  Let me know if you have further questions. 
 For your information.  If you have any questions, let me know... 
 Attached is a memo addressing the question of whether TW could acquire capacity on a competitor pipeline in lieu of a physical expansion.  Please e-mail or call (x30596) if you have any questions, or if you would like me to set up a meeting to discuss this further. 
 Kevin, let me know if you have any questions... 
 Christine, I spoke with Drew and he is OK with the changes shown in the attached.  Questions--let me know. 
 Fun quizzes from Cosmo...  http://cosmo.women.com/cos/you/quiz/00quiz11.htm 
 Approved, subject to Drew's approval.  (Drew, the agency letter is the same as the one with Oneok, except we've omitted some meaningless language that Oneok had requested.) 
 Hi Misty!  How's everything?  Are we on for this weekend?  Let me know. Since I have plans to see Lyle Lovett on Fri. night, I was thinking of flying in rather than driving Sat. a.m. to save on time & energy, especially since you live so close to the airport!  Painted my bedroom Happy Yellow while listening to the U.S. Open weekend before last...drank a lot of beer also.  Am amazed it turned out as well as it did.  You said you work with someone named Hamlet, right?  Apparently he used to live across the street from Karin and Jim, on Evans!  I didn't think there could possibly be 2 Hamlets.  Small world.  w/b Susan 
 Just so you know, I spoke with the group this morning about contracting practices and they agreed to do the Christine/Susan/dealmaker huddle prior to sending any contracts out.  It helps that I have Kevin's support on this.  I think it will work fine.  TK is going make sure Tenaska gets credited.  The difference between actual and billed amounts is very little.  Thanks for your attention to this last week. 
 Steve Stojic called to let me know that the technical conference in RP01-56 will be held on Jan. 9 at 10:00.  A notice will be issued shortly. 
 Please see the attached and let me know if you have questions.  If it looks OK to you and the 1/2 reimbursement arrangement is OK with EPFS, please forward to James Centilli for his review.  Thanks. 
 Ashley, all that is fine, and I certainly understand, though I would very much hate to lose you because you are a fabulous renter.  Keep your freedom! Stay in my apartment!!  If you do not want to renew for 6 months and want to go month to month after Nov., that is fine.  All I ask is 30 days notice before you move out.  In any event, I'll probably get the floors done just because I think it would be a good improvement to make regardless...I'll check with you before I get the work done to make sure the timing is OK with you. 
 Ashley, the oven/stove problem should be fixed before the weekend.  If you have any further problems with it please let me know; I realize it's pretty old.  I never noticed the control for the oven doesn't even have temperatures marked on it...the repairman is definitely taking care of that too!  The handy dudes are coming over to give me an estimate on the kitchen and bathroom floors and I'm going to also ask them to replace the wood around the A/C in the second bedroom.  If there's anything else you've noticed that needs fixing let me know. 
 Hi Mum!  What an eventful few days it has been.  Sorry I didn't call over the weekend.  I had my hands full painting my bedroom!  It took forever!  Luckily I got the color right on the first try:  the Happy Yellow looks pretty good. Saturday I hauled my paint-covered self to the Met for a pro-am tennis tournament, which was fun.  It was a benefit for DiverseWorks, the theater/art group I've been interested in joining.  In fact, yesterday I got a call from their executive director asking if I was still interested in board membership, and that they would be voting on me tonight!  I'm really excited and am expecting good news.  This could be an auspicious start to life after law for me! Sure enjoyed my visit to Austin.  It went by too quickly!  I hope you're having a good week; let me hear from you! Love, Sooz. 
 Thanks Robert, this is a big help. Just wondering -- you make the statement that "El Paso is not directing TW to build the interconnect facilities..."  Do you think that our having an interconnect agreement outlining the specifications for the facilities and setting forth certain indemnities weaken our position at all in terms of saying this is not a CIAC? 
 I've discussed the "actual fuel" provision with Christine and Bob and made them aware that this is a nonconforming provision that would need to be filed, since the FTS-1 rate schedule provides that fuel payments are to be made according to the percentages set forth in the rate sheets.  According to Bob's calculations, the actual fuel used by Duke under this contract is likely to exceed the applicable percentages in our tariff.  I don't think FERC or any of our shippers would have any immediate objection to our charging actual fuel.  However, I know that fuel is a sensitive issue on TW so I wanted to be sure to draw your attention to this provision.  Let me know what you think. 
 I think there was a problem when I tried to send this before...so here it comes again. 
 Hi DeShonda,  I had emailed a week or two ago in regards to the new parking and haven't h= eard anything back yet.  Could you drop me a line at your earliest convenie= nce and let me know if it will be possible for me to obtain a space.  Thanks, Susan M. Scott X31455 
 nope...dinner...bed 
 Disregard the last bit of the previous email...I tracked down a ride. 
 No LW's for me tonight either...have dinner plans with a friend and ditto tomorrow night.  Friday may a happy hour option though.  Sue  This is seriously stooping for me but my car's in the shop and I can't track down my roommate or anyone else that lives in close proximity to me... so, (now here's the stooping part) do you know what time your neighbor is heading home? 
 Caycie,  I just left a message for you at work...How EXCITING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I can't believe both you and Jen got engaged on the same weekend.  I'm absolutely thrilled for you and look forward to all the fun festivities this will warrant.  You know I think Briggs is great (I've had so much fun hanging out with him at all of these weddings) and you're obviously pretty fond of him so I can't imagine a better bit of news than that of your engagement.  I can't wait to hear all about the event (and see the ring - I'm sure it's gorgeous).  I think I'm actually going to try and come up to Austin the weekend of the 12th...from what I understand Jessica will still be in town, as will Corey, and Jen had expressed some interest in making a road trip so we'll see.  Love, Sue  PS - Are you coming in for Deborah's wedding? 
 Just heard from the Earl...he said he's okay but has just been really busy the last few weeks.  I encourage you to drop him another line sometime in the near future and suggest lunch, as he seems receptive to interaction at this point.  As for last Wednesday, we had actually moved on to Steak Night by 9:30 and then were off to Sierra's.  Needless to say it was a big night.  Glad to hear the game was good and I'm not suprised in the least that you have "get-up-and-go" (I've seen you when an attractive woman passes by).  I'm a no go for Thursday as I've actually already made dinner plans with a friend.  Besides, Dean's is the ex's favorite Thursday night hang-out for the reason you mentioned and for that same reason it sadly is not mine.  I'm sure after this response Ben will be convinced I'm avoiding him, but I assure you that is not the case.  Cheers  I should be in town this weekend if anything is going on... 
 What happened to you last Wednesday?  Were you too pooped after you soccer game for a cold brew?  Hope you had a good weekend anyway and that things are in general are going well.  I just dropped the Earl a line to see if he's still breathing.  I'll let you know if I hear anything back.  Caio 
 Christine, I made a few changes for purposes of clarification. 
 Are you still alive?  I'm just checking b/c I haven't heard a peep out of you in a while.  Drop me a line and let me know what's up. 
 that's okay...i'm used to it at this point  thanks 
 I was walking with the trader I work for when you called, so it was obviously a little difficult for me to discuss Vegas at the time.  If you get a hankering to talk in the morning you can try me on my cell phone ( midnight - 2 am isn't too late for me, which I think is between 6-8 am your time, right?).  I know this is obnoxious, but I can't talk to Lisa about this and I need a co-conspirator.  Sue 
 I will definitely think about it...I would just feel bad though missing the event since I talked to Barrett (Deborah's fiancee) all about the big day at Lisa and Brad's wedding.  What may be an option is me taking part or all of Monday off and just heading to Austin Sunday and coming back Monday...I'll talk to my trader about the possibility. 
 I've got Deborah Vest's wedding next weekend so that's a no go, but I was thinking about coming up the weekend of the 12th so maybe that will work.  I would actually love to skip out on the wedding...however, since the wedding's in Houston and I live here, I don't have a very good excuse do I?  And don't worry...we could wait two years and I'd still want to chat about Vegas.  One of those things you'll never really forget.  I'm sure I sounded funny and I was definitely tired, but in now way were either of these bad things.  Sue 
 Hey girls...I hate this, but I may be out Thursday.  Please still let me know where you guys are going to be and if anything changes I'll meet you there.  Otherwise, have a great time and to both Lisa and Jen, I need to see you guys and hear all about the honeymoon and the proposal           ( both are very good things and I love good things ).  Sue 
 Okay, so I'd really like to make a trip up there this weekend ( I haven't spent a weekend in Houston during April and can't imagine why I wouldn't just make the month a clean sweep).  Anyway, I know you're unbelievably busy right now and spending an entire weekend with me would not help you in the least...So, here's my suggestion:  I could either come up Friday night and we could do a late dinner (say 8:30-9:00 ) and then find someplace to hang out for a while or just rent a movie.  On Saturday we could get up, work out, grab something for brunch/lunch and maybe even go to Barton Springs (depending on the weather) and then I could take off and leave you the rest of Saturday and all of Sunday to work (we could even skip the Barton Springs piece).  The other option is to just shift everything a day forward...I'd come up on Saturday and leave Sunday.  Either give me a call or email me if either of these sound good to you.  I will also completely understand if you just really need to work/study this weekend.  Sue  PS - I'm dying for someone to chat with about Vegas...can't really talk to my roommate since it was work related. 
 I'm sure she knows you're CC'd her on the email...she wants you to witness the flirtation.  She told me about the exchange last night and was wondering how he got your email address.  I told her I sent it to him.  She said, "I didn't think you knew his last name?"  To which I responded, "I didn't , but I called you and got it remember...I thought I told you I was emailing him to give him Emily's email address.  I'd promised him at Kenneally's that  I'd send it when I got the chance."  Lisa was none to pleased with me...she wants you to have nothing to do with him, but I told her she has to share the wealth and quite being such a boy hog.  I promised her we'd find her a new boy toy closer to home.  Speaking of which, she and Mitch had the "let's just be friends talk" last week ( which I think was the right move ).  Glad you got some good sleep last night, but we need to chat when you get the chance (and not while I'm at work), so give me a call on the cell phone sometime.  Nothing bad, just a good little story.  Sue 
 Congrats!....Lisa told me the good news last night.  Can't wait for the big= day, I know you guys will be very happy together.   =20 
 I had some appetizers the other day at the MFA that were provided by Aries and they were very good.  Definitely wouldn't mind trying that place. 
 I think that ultimately I would feel OK about giving them #1 and #2 under the circumstances, if these guys are really that concerned about these issues.  I really don't think TW is ever going to breach its confidentiality obligations.  I need to get Drew's clearance for Colorado law; I'll get back to you. 
 Either option sounds good to me.  Just send an email with the time and place when you guys figure it out and I'll be there. 
 Vegas trip was pretty interesting.  Give me a call tonight if you get a chance.  Try the cell phone any time after 4:30 (Houston time) - (713) 775-6472.  If I'd spent any longer  than three days in that town I'd be dead right now.  I think the earliest I made it back to my room was around 6:45 am. 
 Give me a call whenever you get in... 
 Try hard... 
 Vegas baby!!!!!!!!!!!  I can't wait...our flight arrives around 6:00 and then we head back Sunday morning.  It's a "work" trip.  Will do on pitching the 12th to the gang.  Sue 
 Hey there,  Bummer about next weekend, although I'm not even positive I'm going so the frustration may be for naught.  As far as the wedding thing goes, thanks for the offer but I wouldn't worry about it.  I think I have a wedding in Houston that weekend anyway.  I'll talk to Jen about coming up the weekend of the 12th so maybe Jessica, Jen, you, me & my friend Corey could all get together.  I've been needing a good Austin fix.  The trip to San Diego was awesome.  We ended up blowing off most of the plans we made so we could just hang out at the beach, drink wine, and eat cheese and crackers (oh yeah, and watch the sun set).  I did find time to go to a spa and get a bodyscrub/massage which was amazing.  I'm off again this weekend so I have to go through the whole packing routine again tonight..augh!  Hope things are well with you and I'll say high to Lisa and Jen for you tonight.  Sue 
 I'll see you guys there. 
 Had a bit of an encounter with Ted last night.  Turns out it wasn't as bad = as I thought it was based upon the email below.  Start from the bottom and = work your way up.  FYI he's kidding about the MD (managing director) and Go= d comments. 
 Like I said...I'm in.  What time is "right after work" for everyone? 
 The email was titled "nothing bad..." so you wouldn't immediately trash it = for fear I was dispensing some more of Susan's homespun wisdom.  I know you= can't get enough of that stuff.  As for the revenue generation, I've heard= what a boon the Ag group has been to EGM.  From what I understand you guys= are carrying the rest of that company on your backs...keep up the good wor= k!  And yes, the world you live in does revolve around you Ted, it's just t= hat no one else lives in that world besides you so it stands to reason that= would be the case.  Your welcome for the email.  I really am happy for you= that things seem to be going well and that you appear to be enjoying what = you're doing (I haven't heard any of the "when I grow up I want to be a ...= .." comments out of you in a while, a sure sign of contentment and maturity= - okay burgeoning maturity).  In regards to trading, I am absolutely lovin= g it.  I've been on EOL for a little over a month now (although my trades g= o into one of the other trader's books for the time being...I should get my= own in a couple months) and am really enjoying the new life/perks this job= allows.  Case in point, took my Mom to see Hakeem's last game with the Roc= kets on one of the brokers (center court seats...she was thrilled) and am o= ff to Vegas this weekend to "meet" with some of the power traders from Port= land.  So much for the 16-18 hour days I was dealing with for a year or so = there...given present circumstances it was all worth it.  No need to "let me of the hook" for my candor last night, I meant everythin= g I said and I wanted you to hear those things.  In a quest to be an oh so = witty smart-ass, sometimes I forget to just tell people what I think/feel..= .always catches up to me in hind-sight and if the opportunity presents itse= lf for me to rectify that then I don't believe in passing it up.  Contrary = to what you may think, I'm a big girl who thinks for herself and always act= s on her own volition.  And I think I either mumbled last night or your hea= ring is starting to go in your old age, but I said "clod" not "god"...subtl= e but important difference.  Shorty  - You missed an impressive dancing display at Sierra's last night...I think= I may have frightened some people. 
 How about tomorrow? I have the new pro forma OBA in Word format, by the way.  Should make getting a draft out easier.  Here it is if you want to take a look. 
 Next week sounds good to me too.  If everyone wants to meet at Ale house for a drink today why don't we try right after work.  Susan had a very big night last night and needs to be in bed early tonight as a result.  I can't wait to hear about the honeymoon either!!!! 
 I guess there's some sort of fine for dating...sounds like a load of BS to me.  What's your AOL messenger name? 
 I think this is for you. 
 Ditto.... 
 I believe this was intended for the other Susan Scott (sscott3@enron.com)..= .I'm with nat gas trading.  Thanks 
 definitely ted actions...served no purpose, just made me feel rotten and reiterated what an ass he is/was.  He actually said he can't inter-company date b/c is costs him money if he does ($60 a date).  I told him it was a good thing he got so much in when he could. 
 I feel okay...just regretting some of my actions from last night.  Oh well, life goes on. 
 Congrats on the promotion.  I was a little suprised it was only to manager...I remember you saying something once about jumping straight to Director.  All things in due time, right? 
 Sorry we didn't get much of a chance to chat last night, but I hope you had fun at steak night.  It's too bad you didn't make it to Sierra's ( you could have seen a true dancing display by yours truly). 
 Are you going to be in Austin next weekend (the 28th)?  I'm thinking about making a trip up there to visit.  Let me know.  Sue 
 Lillian, I forgot to add that the slate of directors and officers for Capacity Management Corp. will be identical to that of Transwestern Pipeline Company., 
 Elizabeth, Jeff forwarded me your questions about capacity options.  I've answered them to the extent they involve legal/regulatory issues.  If you need anything further please don't hesitate to call.  ?  Can a new shipper who enters into an FTS-1 contract with zero MDQ in order to purchase a shipper call option or sell a transporter put option be allowed, prior to the exercise date, to transfer the underlying option rights by permanently releasing this contract?    YES.  ?   Will we be required to report these contracts with zero MDQ on the Index of Customers and/or the Transactional Report?  YES.  ? Can the releasing shipper permanently release a portion of his existing MDQ and choose to keep or transfer the option rights?   YES.  The shipper could even release all of its MDQ (reducing it to zero) and keep its option rights.  ? How is it determined whether a contract with an option amendment is within the min/max tariff rate or needs to be filed as a negotiated rate?  The option fee is converted to a per-Dth, per day rate and added to the transport rate.  If the total exceeds the maximum tariff rate, it's "negotiated". Otherwise, our position is that it's not negotiated.  We are not 100% positive that FERC will agree with us on this issue. 
 I think it's probably a good idea not to contact Eric for a while.  Truly what purpose would it serve?  As for my work situations, they aren't that exciting but have made for some highly uncomfortable moments for me.  I'll tell you about them on my next visit.  See, I've already come up with a reason why I have to come back out there.  Please don't worry about flapping Sat night.  I certainly do not think less of you and completely agree about the life lessons part.  To tell the truth, I worry at times that I'm not learning enough of the life lessons...just kind of staying in a very safe, secure place and missing out on a big part of the overall picture.  Enough self-analysis.  Have a good evening....you should his jazz night at Epizote just for me.  Sue 
 I think there's probably a lot of truth to the Eric theory.  The retaliatio= n/numbing afforded by using people and tossing them aside can be tempting. = My  mini-rampage after Ted was totally based upon treating any representat= ive of Ted's sex like dirt.  Fortunately, my behavior was very short-lived = and I completely recognized what I was doing.  I wouldn't worry about the l= ecturing...it happens when one has a bit to drink (that or just utter flapp= ing as in my case). =20  Thanks for the compliments, but I find it's easy to be around all of your f= riends...that whole like attracts like thing.  As for the email from Clint,= he's a cutie.  Speaking from experience I'd watch myself if I were you tho= ugh...the flirtation is fun and harmless at this point, but I get the impre= ssion that you're just Clint's type and unless you have reciprocal interest= I would just guard against things getting to be too flirtatious.  However,= if there's part of you that is curious, like I said, I think he's a great = guy.  Okay, enough of my lecturing (I've just been caught in a couple of si= tuations at work where someone decides to confess their feelings to me and = I'm forced to tell them I just don't feel the same way...something that's h= ard for them to grasp given the fact that some flirting at some point did o= ccur).  Well, I'm off to Vegas this weekend.  My guess is I won't be getting much s= leep.  Oh well, life is tough.  Susan 
 I hate forwards...but I do like champagne. 
 The original message is encrypted using Lotus Notes Public and Private Key security.  Encrypted messages cannot be migrated to Microsoft Exchange Server. 
 What's the scoop golf-pro?  Are you in for tonight?  FYI:  The weather is gorgeous outside. 
 Check out  the Southwest website if you get a chance...it's got all the data.  I'm going for lowest cost on this sucker if we go, so I may have to forego the fancy hotel in favor of whatever's part of the package.  That way I can spend more on food and drinks.  We can definitely look into a mother/daughter trip. 
 Hey girls,  Just wanted to let you guys know that Southwest has vacation specials to New Mexico right now.  I priced up a 4 day/ 3 night trip with air/hotel/car to Albuquerque (we'd have to drive to Sante Fe...not bad, I've done it) and it came out to about $255 a person.  Personally, I think this is a really good price.  I was just wondering if there was genuine interest in taking this trip and if so what the best time would be to go.  We could also check on getting flights from LA for Kasey and Jen.  Anyway, drop me a line when you guys get a chance and let me know if I need to keep doing more research.  I was figuring we could leave in a Thursday and come back on a Sunday.  Talk to you soon, Sue  P.S.  Katy...my friend Julie's email address is julieg@qualcomm.com.  I'm sure she'd be happy to answer questions. 
 Wrong Susan again...try typing sscott3@enron.com (that's her short email address)...mine is sscott5@enron.com.  If you see the middle initial "M" pop up in the address, you've got the wrong Susan Scott.  Thanks 
 Sorry about the last email...hadn't read this one yet. 
 Are you sure you have the right Susan Scott?  If this is for Click at Home, I've already received my computer.  Try the Susan Scott with legal...her extension is 30596.  Thanks 
 Christine, the "actual fuel usage" provision is probably a material deviation from the tariff, unless we cap the fuel rate at the maximum percentage stated in our tariff.  I have added language to this effect.  If we're using the "actual fuel" language because we anticipate that the fuel usage will exceed the maximum, and therefore we do not wish to cap the percentage at the maximum, we can certainly leave my additional language out and file a summary of the contract.  I do not think such a filing would generate too much unwanted attention from FERC or our shippers.  Let me know. 
 Phillip,  Here's the power point presentation with updated information. 
 Thanks for the help! 
 Any interest in going to the Rockets game tonight.  I have free tickets and it may be Hakeem's last game.  Let me know.  Sue 
 Sounds good to me. 
 I believe this was intended for the other Susan Scott...I'm with Nat Gas tr= ading.  Thanks 
 I bolt out of here pretty early these days if I can...best to reach me by cell phone if it's past 4 pm Houston time (713-775-6472).  Did I tell you I'm off to Vegas this weekend?  I love this job.  Sue 
 Hey Lisa,  Hope you had an absolutely incredible honeymoon.  I'm sure it was a blast.  The reason I'm writing, actually, is because I left something at the church the night of the wedding.  I thought it had been taken to the country club but the wedding co-ordinators didn't have it.  Basically, it was a white plastic bag with a little kids t-shirt and a little girls shorts & tank top outfit (along with a little hand painted picture).  I bought the clothes in the Caymans for my niece and nephew, so ideally I like to track them down.  I was hoping you could tell me who I should contact about items left in the bridesmaid's room in the church.  I think the bag said The Wharf on the outside if that helps at all.  Thanks, Sue 
 So...the weekend I was talking about coming to Austin the following people are playing:  Fri	The Fabulous Thunderbirds	Gruene Hall Fri	Cory Morrow			Luckenbach Dance Hall  Sat	Reckless Kelly			Antone's Sat	Lucinda Williams		Gruene Hall  Just more food for thought.  Sue 
 Yes, I'm back from SD and appropriately depressed to return to hot, muggy Houston.  Glad to hear your trip was so enjoyable...and no worries about the pina colodas, you gotta do what you gotta do ( I was drinking rum punches in the Caymans like they were water...much scarier than pina colodas I assure you).  The weather, scenery and people in SD were gorgeous.  I really think I'm supposed to be in Del Mar.  There are the most attractive, active, worldly men swarming the beaches with even cuter dogs.  I spent a large part of the weekend with my tongue hanging out.  It forced me to the realization that the men in Houston, and much of Texas, are soft.  Alas, no exciting stories though...  Let me know how the movie is, I may have to make a special trip to see this one...All of the Kappas who've read the book insist I should write my own version filled with Susan's tails of woe.  There is definitely ample material.  Sorry to hear about Ben and the girlfriend.  I'm sure your parents will be sad to see his calming influence go.  Talk to you soon, Sue 
 FYI. 
 Actually, I flew out to San Diego Thursday night.  It was incredible...I cannot believe that there are places where the weather, scenery and people are that beautiful.  Seriously, I think I could find a lot of guys to be interested in there.  Strapping, physically fit beach boys with awesome dogs and a decent amount of world travel behind them.  Hope you had a good Easter Weekend and that school isn't getting too stressful.  I'm guessing you're coming up on some serious exam time in the near future.  I'm off to Vegas this weekend, but I was debating the prospect of Austin the weekend of the 28th.  Let me know if you're going to be around/able to socialize (even if only briefly) that weekend.  I really want to come up to see Kathy and Travis's new house...I feel bad they've been in it for over a month and I haven't even seen it yet.  Talk to you soon, Sue 
 Call Ambrosia ? Monday morning 
 Actually...I the first available appointment on Sat is 2:00 pm (right in the thick of beach time!!).  I ended up making my reservation yesterday for 11:00 am tomorrow, I might be able to switch it to 10:00 though b/c they still had it open yesterday.  However, the 11:00 may work out perfectly.    That way when my treatment's done at 12:30 we could just start our day from there - lunch, shopping, etc.  What do you think?  I'm sure I can find some way to occupy myself for a couple of hours on Sat...no worries. 
 Thanks Sarah.  That was very touching.  I just forwarded it to a bunch of people...too good not to share.  Hope you have a happy Easter!!!  Love, Sue 
 I couldn't agree more...Happy Holidays!  Sue   Paul Harvey writes: We tried so hard to make things better for our kids that we made them worse. For my grandchildren, I'd like better. I'd really like for them to know about hand me down clothes and homemade ice cream and leftover meatloaf sandwiches. I really would. I hope you learn humility by being humiliated, and that you learn honesty by being cheated. I hope you learn to make your own bed and mow the lawn and wash the car. And I really hope nobody gives you a brand new car when you are sixteen. It will be good if at least one time you can see puppies born and your old dog put to sleep. I hope you get a black eye fighting for something you believe in, I hope you have to share a bedroom with your younger brother. And it's all right if you have to draw a line down the middle of the room, but when he wants to crawl under the covers with you because he's scared, I hope you let him. When you want to see a movie and your little brother wants to tag along, I hope you'll let him. I hope you have to walk uphill to school with your friends and that you live in a town where you can do it safely. On rainy days when you have to catch a ride, I hope you don't ask your driver to drop you two blocks away so you won't be seen riding with someone as uncool as your Mom. If you want a slingshot, I hope your Dad teaches you how to make one instead of buying one. I hope you learn to dig in the dirt and read books. When you learn to use computers, I hope you also learn to add and subtract in your head. I hope you get teased by your friends when you have your first crush on a girl, and when you talk back to your mother that you learn what ivory soap tastes like. May you skin your knee climbing a mountain, burn you hand on a stove and stick your tongue on a frozen flagpole. I don't care if you try a beer once, but I hope you don't like it. And if a friend offers you dope or a joint, I hope you realize he is not your friend. I sure hope you make time to sit on a porch with your Grandpa and go fishing with your Uncle. May you feel sorrow at a funeral and joy during the holidays. I hope your mother punishes you when you throw a baseball through you neighbor's window and that she hugs you and kisses you at Christmas time when you give her a plaster mold of your hand. These things I wish for you through tough times and disappointment, hard work and happiness. To me, its the only way to appreciate life. Send this to all of your friends who mean the most to you. We secure our friends not by accepting favors but by doing them.   __________________________________________________ Do You Yahoo!? Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail. http://personal.mail.yahoo.com/ 
 DeShonda,  I had some difficulty replying to the parking & transportation email and just wanted to make sure that you received my request for a space in the new parking garage.  Thanks, Susan M. Scott 
 I would like to be placed in the new garage.  Thanks, Susan M. Scott x31455 
 Ships passing in the night....I'm glad you get to see the fam this weekend.  Be sure to tell everyone I say, "Hello!"  As for the zoo, I am a huge fan.  It's the only zoo I've ever been to that I don't feel sorry for the animals.  It's too bad things weren't better co-ordinated but I think my weekend's going to be pretty full regardless.  Have a great holiday weekend and I'll talk to you soon.  Sue  Em's in the Canary Islands this week...can you believe that little brat? 
 I promise I'm not trying to rub it in....actually, I was just going to do the spa thing to give you study time but if you don't need it (and you'd rather go shopping, etc.) let me know and I will forget about it.  I must admit though that an hour long massage sounds wonderful.  Sue 
 Hey Julie,  Just wondering if you had any preferences regarding the spa times I emailed you yesterday.  If you get a chance let me know and I will go ahead and make a reservation.  Ciao, Susan 
 Transwestern held its Transport Options Workshop on August 31.   Commercial and regulatory representatives of BP-Amoco, Burlington, Conoco, Coral, Dynegy, Phillips and Reliant attended.  After a brief overview of the proposed filing, TW opened the floor for questions and comments.  Here is a summary of the comments.  Marketing affiliate concerns.  BP's regulatory representative expressed concern that TW's marketing affiliates would be able to use options to game the system.  In BP's example, since TW and ENA are both Enron companies, ENA could purchase an "out of the money" call option essentially cost free, since its affiliate (TW) would have the ability to buy the option back.  Proceeds from ENA's ability to then "move the market" through the establishment of the long basis position would go directly to Enron's bottom line.  BP suggested that TW's marketing affiliates be banned from purchasing options, or that the marketing affiliate be required to credit 100% of the option proceeds to other shippers.  Although BP admits that Transwestern's prior dealings with ENA have not been suspect, BP fears that TW's filing will set a precedent for other pipelines to offer a similar service.  Since TW will be the first pipeline to offer such services, BP wants TW's program to be as restricted as possible.  Dynegy echoed BP's concern regarding possible affiliate abuse, but rather than shelve the program entirely, Dynegy reiterated an earlier suggestion that Transwestern be required to credit back the difference between the option fee paid by an affiliate and the next highest bidder, if the affiliate's bid exceeds the next highest by a certain percentage.  TW's response was that while actual abuse of an options program by a marketing affiliate may be a legitimate concern, owing to its unassailable record in this area, TW should be entitled to a presumption that it has complied and will continue to comply with Commission policy covering the sale of capacity to marketing affiliates, and was not inclined to voluntarily include any limitations on the options program.  If BP and others have serious concerns regarding the Commission's overall policy on marketing affiliates, those issues should be raised in a separate proceeding that applies to all interstate pipelines.  Right of first refusal.  Burlington asked whether options would replace the right of first refusal.  TW's  response was that ROFR will still be available pursuant to the terms and conditions of our tariff.  Negotiated rate.  BP's representative claimed that option contracts will constitute a negotiated rate and that each deal will need to be filed as such.  TW did not respond to this or discuss it further.  However, TW's position at this point is that since the option fee is part of the transportation rate, transportation deals that include the option amendment will only be considered negotiated rate deals if the total rate including the option fee exceeds the maximum transport rate.  Hoarding capacity.  Using the recent large block sale of capacity on El Paso as an example, several customers expressed concern that the options program would make it easier for a shipper to hoard capacity.  It was not clear why some of the workshop participants thought that the sale of options would create more opportunity for hoarding capacity than already exists.  Perhaps because the option fee is a lesser cost than the transport rate for the underlying capacity, their perception was that options would simply make hoarding cheaper and easier.  TW acknowledged that the potential for withholding capacity from the market is one reason for FERC's current policy against reserving capacity for shippers.  Although TW did not commit to placing any limits on the either the quantity of capacity or options for capacity that any one shipper may own, it is possible that FERC may require TW to do so in a final order.  Our plan is to meet with PG&E and SoCalGas in California the week of September 11 to go over details of the program, and to finalize the FERC filing by mid-September. 
 Never 
 Ditto 
 Ditto 
 Ditto 
 Ditto 
 I believe this was intended for the other Susan Scott...I'm with Nat Gas Trading.  Thanks 
 Hey Kasey,  I just got an email back from KJ and he seemed to think you're going to be in San Diego until Saturday or Sunday of this week...so, I thought I'd drop you a line and let you know I too will be in San Diego.  I arrive Thursday evening and don't leave again until Sunday afternoon.  If you have any free time give me a call on my cell phone, 713-775-6472, and we can try to get together.  I've got your number from your last visit to Houston so don't be suprised if you hear from me.  Talk to you soon, Sue 
 Okay...On Friday they have openings at 10:00, 10:30 & 11:00 and Saturday there are openings from 2:00 to 5:00.  Either works for me.  The packages I'm looking at are about and hour and a half long and I thought to buy you some more time I could just visit all the shops.  Here are the two packages I'm looking at...what do you think?  (The lady at the spa recommended the second one)  Fruit Body Facial: A double-exfoliating facial for the entire body leaving the skin feeling silky smooth and shining -- ideal before a wedding or a special occasion that's just right for that backless dress. You are first exfoliated with crushed Californian grape seeds followed by a light misting with an orange blossom aromatherapy oil. After a brief shower, you'll enjoy an all-over message with a facial quality message lotion. Then it's your choice of either an invigorating peppermint glycolic or a calming aloe vera/grapefruit finishing skin treatment.  Benefits: Skin feels rejuvenated and healthy; circulation is stimulated and the skin has a healthy glow.  Time: 90 minutes   Pacific Paradise Body Scrub& Massage: Pineapple papaya lotion is the moisturizer and California grape seeds - nature's anti-oxidant - are the exfoliant in this 20 - 25 minute body scrub. You'll feel like island Royalty as warm coconut kuki oil is used as the lotion during a 50-minute message that completes the treatment.  Benefits: Rough skin disappears as the powerful moisturizing properties of tropical oils sink deep into your skin.  Time: 90 minutes  Ta Ta, Susan 
 I'm checking out the L'Auberge website as we speak...it sounds wonderful.  = As for baseball, I'd love to stop by for a few innings on Saturday.  It sou= nds like fun and I wouldn't mind checking out the stadium.  I can't stress = enough how flexible I am on all this stuff.  We can wait a while before dec= iding which is our best beach day bet.  I'll check out the spa's schedule r= egarding massages to see what kind of flexibility there is there.  As for t= he clothing I will try to remind myself SD is casual...Houston's gotten pre= tty sassy over the last couple of years.  I always feel underdressed when I= go out here.  Thursday night sounds great...two days and counting. 
 Okay, given the weather conditions out there right now I'm going to have to= put a little extra planning into my packing.  I figure we'll be engaging i= n the following activities:  beach, shopping, dinner, going out, church and= I think you mentioned something about a museum.  Given those various situa= tions, I was wondering what you suggest I bring along.  For instance, am I = going to need a jacket at night or is a sweater sufficient and what do you = suggest in the way of "go-out" clothes?   Also, let me know if you hear any= thing about the spas...that way I can try and make a reservation ( I figure= Friday mid-morning would be a good time.  We could go for a run in the mor= ning and then I could go for the massage while you study.)  Supposedly, it'= s going to be warmer on Saturday than Friday so maybe we should plan Saturd= ay as our beach day...of course, I'm completely flexible.  As for brunch on= Sunday, I did a little research yesterday and came up with a few suggestio= ns... George's on the Cove, The Marine Room, Brockton Villa, Trattoria Acqu= a and Pacifica Del Mar.  All of these, with the exception of Pacifica Del M= ar, are in La Jolla so I suppose we'd have to take that into consideration.= ..There is a Presbyterian church in La Jolla that could be an option (but i= f your friends have suggestions I defer to their judgement both religiously= and gastronomically).  All of the places mentioned above, in addition to T= he Fish Market, Cafe Japengo and En Fuego Cantina & Grill, also sounded goo= d for just regular meals.  Depending on local culture (and your own opinion= ) I was just going to let you know that I can go straight from the airport = somewhere if you want on Thursday.  I didn't know what time people typicall= y go out to eat or if you even wanted to go out Thursday night. =20  I know, I know...I had way too much time on my hands yesterday.  In the end, I'll really do anything and go anywhere...just thought I'd help= out with a few suggestions.  Love, Susan =09 
 Jeff -- since most of Teddy's comments were over my head yesterday, I could use your help on that part of the discussion.  *** Transwestern held its Transport Options Workshop on August 31.   Commercial and regulatory representatives of BP-Amoco, Burlington, Conoco, Coral, Dynegy, Phillips and Reliant attended.  After a brief overview of the proposed TW Options filing, we opened the floor for questions and comments. Here is a summary of the comments.  Marketing affiliate concerns.  BP's regulatory representative expressed concern that TW's marketing affiliates would be able to use options to game the system.  For example, since TW and ENA are both Enron companies, if ENA buys a call option it is essentially a free option.  ENA could buy a call out of the money and we could buy it back from them, with the proceeds going to Enron's bottom line.  BP suggested that TW's marketing affiliates be banned from purchasing options, or that the marketing affiliate be required to credit the call money to other shippers.  BP's concern is that TW's filing will set a precedent for other pipelines to offer a similar service, so they want TW's options program to be as restricted as possible.  Dynegy reiterated its suggestion that the marketing affiliate be required to credit back the difference between the option fee paid by the affiliate and the next highest bidder's bid, if the affiliate's bid exceeds the next highest bid by a certain percentage.  Our response was that while actual abuse of an options program by a marketing affiliate would be a concern, we feel that TW is entitled to a presumption that it has complied and will continue to comply with the rules on sale of capacity to marketing affiliates.  At this point we are not inclined to voluntarily include any limitations on the options program.  If BP and others have issues regarding Commission marketing affiliate policy in general, those issues should be addressed in a different proceeding that pertain to all interstate pipelines.  Right of first refusal.  Burlington asked whether options would replace the right of first refusal.  Our response was that ROFR will still be available pursuant to the terms and conditions of our tariff.  Negotiated rate.  BP's representative claimed that options will constitute a negotiated rate and that each deal will need to be filed as such.  We did not respond to this or discuss it further.  However, TW's position at this point is that since the option fee is part of the transportation rate, the deals will only be negotiated rate deals if the total rate exceeds the maximum rate.  Hoarding capacity.  Several customers expressed concern that the options program would make it easier for a shipper to hoard capacity.  It was not clear why they thought that options would create more opportunity for hoarding than already exists.  Their perception was that options would simply make hoarding cheaper and easier.  We acknowledged that the potential for withholding capacity from the market is one reason for FERC's current policy against reserving capacity for shippers.  Although we did not commit to placing any limits on the quantity of capacity for which a shipper may purchase an option, it is possible that FERC may require us to do so.  Our plan is to meet with PG&E and SoCalGas in California to elicit their comments, and finalize the FERC filing by mid-September. 
 Thanks for thinking of me (the ride back was lovely - lots of gummy food items and carbonated beverages)...i'm very tired from all of the weekend activity though and don't see much rest in my future.  Oh well life is short, right?  I'm so glad we were able to spend some time together this weekend, and that you got a chance to meet my parents.  I'm going to have to make a trip up to Austin soon for a visit to make sure you're hitting all the must sees/eats.  By the way, how long are you going to be there?  Susan  Maybe I'll hit an "Eaters" outing. 
 Thanks for the info...I will check into it.  Hope you manage to get some rest.  The wedding was fun, super sweet and huge (800+ at the reception).  I got hit on by a waiter at the rehearsal dinner and groped in the hotel elevator by one of the groomsmen...so I'm up on guys right now.  Talk to you soon, Sue 
 Sounds good...I failed to comment on your movie question.  No, I haven't seen any lately so that sounds good to me too.  I've been going crazy on the internet today looking for things/places to do/go.  Anyway, I was also remembering how wonderful getting that massage was last time I was there and wondered if you knew of a good spa close by your place that maybe we could both go to ( or I could go to while you're studying).  Just a thought. 
 So do you have any ideas/plans for brunch on Sunday...my guess is there are a ton of places with special Easter Brunches.  I just thought maybe you had a regular spot.  Let me know. 
 I'm flying Continental and I will check my mailbox for the card...I haven't checked it in a while.  I'm going to bring my pictures from the last two weekends ( very fun activities...I tell you all about them this weekend).  Love ya, Susan 
 Hi Ashley,  It's so funny that you emailed me today because I was just telling Jessica this weekend that I needed to drop you a line.  Unfortunately, I'm no longer moving to London.  I was offered a job here in Houston trading and just couldn't pass it up.  However, I will definitely tell my friend Emily about the flat...she's always looking for ways to save a little bit of money.  I'll also keep my ears open for any Enronites who are looking for places to live.  Actually, the reason I was going to email you was to let you know I'm coming over to visit again this June.  I will be in town basically the 6th through the 11th (flying in on the 5th and departing the 12th).  I hope you're in town at least some of that time...I'm still frustrated we never had a chance to hook-up last time.  Food for thought...there's an Eagles concert on the 9th and my friend already has tickets with some buddies... I'm was planning on just getting a single ticket and hopefully squeezing in with them, but if you have any interest please let me know and we could just get tickets together.  Talk to you soon, Susan 
 Hi yourself,  I swear you read my mind sometimes...I was just about to email you.  Anyway, things here are good and I am equally (if not more) excited about my visit.  I know the weather's been kind of funky the last week or so but I've been hearing the same rumours as you regarding a weekend warm-up.  Therefore, I'm still bringing my suit/beach clothes and will just make sure I've got some stuff in case it stays on the chilly side.  I'll also make sure to include some work-out clothes and Sunday attire ( I'm assuming a skirt or dress will work okay? ).  No worries about the need to study.  I've been go-go-go the last couple of weekends and would not mind at all having some down-time during the day for naps, lounging, walking, etc. while you study to your hearts content.  Honestly, we've got plenty of time to do things so it's no big deal.  My flight is supposed to arrive Thursday night at 7:00 and I leave at 3:40 Sunday afternoon ( I got direct flights this time so I won't be nearly as tired).  Hope this week isn't too crazy for you...of course, if it is you'll be more than ready for a little R&R.  Love, Susan 
 There is only one Susan Scott at Enron that really matters, right?  Best ways to ensure it's me...either use sscott5@enron.com or check to make sure the middle initial that pops up is "M".  Ciao 
 There is only one Susan Scott at Enron that really matters, right?  Best ways to ensure it's me...either use sscott5@enron.com or check to make sure the middle initial that pops up is "M".  Ciao 
 You're gonna love this site.  So true.   http://www.petnet.com.au/dogs/D162.html 
 The attached letter agreement reflects my discussion with Drew about the marketing fee.  The FTS-1 Agreement will just be a plain vanilla agreement (i.e., minus the marketing fee language) and the parties will execute the attached instead.  Questions or comments -- let me know. 
 You should check out the 2nd deal...there are also trips to Cayman etc. on the same link at great prices.  See ya Saturday, Susan 
 Hey buddy,  Out of curiosity, what all are you bringing with you to San Antonio?  I'm running into some problems in the area of cocktail dresses as I developed some noticeable tan lines from my trip.  Oh well, I guess they're not that big a deal right?  Also, do you just want to swing by my complex Friday morning to pick me up?  I promise not to run too late.  Talk to you soon, Susan 
 We know about Merle...don't know if I'll be able to go though b/c I have to be in San Antonio at a bridal luncheon by 12:30 on Friday.  There's no reserved seating anyway so I think I might be a bit of a mess (remember how crowded the Bellamy Brothers were?)  As for the trip over...I'm arriving on the 6th ( Wednesday morning at 7:45) and I'll be leaving the morning of the 12th.  Not perfect, but if something looks appealing on the mid-week trip front let me know.  I'll have a total of 6 full days over there.  Plenty of time to do something interesting right?  Sue  I'm not going to tell Lisa for a little while, so mum's the word....hopefully she'll already have booked her own flight. 
 Sunil,  I promise I have not forgotten about you.  Things around here have just been crazy with the beginning of the month and all.  I should have some time tomorrow to get together if you like, just give me a call.  Talk to you soon, Susan 
 Hey stranger,  Haven't talked to you in while, how are things going?  The trip was absolutely incredible.  We went scuba diving, swam with stingrays and drank enough (rum for me personally) to drown a large school of fish.  Anyway, I've decided I'm a no go for Austin this Thursday night.  I'm already exhausted and Jen Bowles offered to drive Friday morning so I've decided to take her up on the offer.  After the Caymans last weekend, Lisa's wedding this weekend and San Diego next weekend I've decided my best move is to try and conserve some energy.  Regardless, I will see you and Doug Saturday night and we'll do our catching up then.  My parents are coming to the wedding as well so I'm sure they'll want to have a nice chat with you and Doug.  Talk to you soon, Susan  Hope Law Review isn't wearing you too thin. 
 Actually, I'm thrilled you want to drive.  I know I like to drive most of the time, but I'm not kidding about being exhausted and thus wanting to limit my exertion.  I think we should shoot for leaving by 8:00 so that if we're running a few minutes late it's no big deal (as long as we're on the road by 8:30 we should be fine).  I have no idea what I'm wearing yet either...oh well, necessity is the mother of invention, right?  The trip was incredible.  My life has done an absolute about face.  Can't wait to tell you all about it.  Talk to you later, Susan 
 Lexi,  I would like to volunteer for the Information Session on September 17.  My apologies for not being able to help out with this year's spring recruiting, but from the beginning of October through last Friday I couldn't take a single day off from work.  Fortunately, I'm in a new rotation and they have a bit more flexibility when it comes to my schedule.  Thanks, Susan x31455 
 Okay,  I'm in for driving together on Friday.  Although I'd love to see my sister and her family in Austin, I decided last night that I'm just too tuckered out to make this weekend any more exhausting than it's already going to be.  So...we just need to figure out what time we're leaving on Friday morning and who wants to drive.  I'm going to map out all of the directions for the weekend today so I cut down on my frustration level in regards to San Antonio.  Absolutely no more getting lost for Susan...zapps my energy.  Talk to you later, Sue 
 Yes, I am going home before the reception and am going to have Katy meet me at the apartment around 6:15 (at least that's what time I'm telling her).  If you want to tell Laura to meet at the apartment around that time too, I will be there to greet her.  I'm going to drop off some dry cleaning, finish my laundry and clean up a bit before they get there.  I'm so glad everyone is up for this outing...we are so culturally aware.  So that's the plan.  I suggest we eat somewhere around the Museum District...I'll do some research this afternoon.  Talk to you later, Sue 
 Here you go....Katy wrote me an email and said she'd prefer to eat afterwards ( as would I ), so I say we plan to get to the "reception" around 7:00 and leave for dinner roughly 8:30.  Let me know if that works for you. 
 Attached is the proposed contract with Oneok.  Since it is a maximum rate deal, there is no discount letter.  However, I am circulating this for approval because it contains a special provision (found in the "Other" section) regarding marketing of capacity for release, as allowed by Section 30.8 of the General Terms and Conditions of Transwestern's tariff.  Christine, you and Michele will need to fill in the address and account information.  My sincerest apologies for operating outside the usual contracting procedure but since time is even more of the essence that usual here, I felt it was best to get a pro forma version of this out for approval as soon as possible.  Please e-mail your approval to Christine and me by noon tomorrow if possible.  Thank you. 
 If you're on the internet right now, I'm trying to call...our meeting was postponed. 
 When you get a chance, tell me again what your schedule is for the end of April through July.  I'm trying to figure when I can come visit and not pay too much on airfare, be able to stay a decent amount of time and not miss critical days at work.  I will definitely come over...just don't know if it'll will be when Katy does.  Sue 
 Just got the email myself...will definitely check it out.  Thanks 
 Theresa and Nicole,  Jay and I were wondering if it would be possible for you to make copies of all the existing transportation contracts for the Denver desk and Fed-Ex them to the Houston office.  Currently we do not have any of these contracts available to us here and feel it would be beneficial to have them on hand.  As you know, we are both trying to get up to speed on this book and all it's components and therefore it is important that we  understand all of the available options these contracts allow us.  Below is a list of the contracts we have broken out on a summary sheet:  -36169000 -36177000 -33084000 -33085000 -33038000 -31029000 -33171000 -33175000 -116388 -903145 -IT-601 -41066000 -41075000  If there are contracts missing from the above list, please include them in the packet as well.  Thanks for all the help, Susan x31455 
 Did you just add another ticket under my name or did you request three additional tickets?  As for dinner, I just emailed Katy and asked for her preference.  I think it'd be more pleasant/less hurried if we went afterwards...say 8:30ish, but before would work for me too.  I haven't talked to my Mom yet about the tickets, but I'll give her a call when things calm down a bit here.  Talk to you later, Sue 
 Earl,  Long time...no nothing.  How goes it?  Just wanted to drop you a line and see how the fam's doing.  Hope all is well.  We really need to grab a drink after work sometime or a late afternoon coffee and catch-up on each other's respective endeavours.  Talk to you soon, Susan 
 Hey,  Just wanted to make sure you're still up for the MFA reception tomorrow night.  I told Lisa about it last night and she said she'd like to go as well.  So...the reception is supposed to start at 7:00 and go until 9:00 and I figured we could either go to an early dinner, or cut out of the reception a little bit early and go to dinner afterward (say around 8:00 - 8:30).  Of course, dinner doesn't have to factor in at all if we don't want it to...just a suggestion.  I'll give you call later tonight to hammer out the details.  See ya, Susan 
 Hey,  Very jealous about the Canary Island trip...that sounds wonderful.  Take my advice though...use sunscreen!  I was really good about applying everywhere except for my lower back and the back of my thighs and I've paid the price.  Kind of looks like I was scolded with boiling water.  So I've got Lisa's wedding this weekend and my San Diego trip the next.  I'm taking Friday off this week so I can go to the Bridesmaid/House Party luncheon in San Antonio and we've got Good Friday off from work the next week so I'm looking at two four-day work weeks.  My how things have changed.  I think Katy and I are going to a corporate sponsors reception at the MFA tomorrow night and Lisa has expressed interest in going as well, but we'll see about that.  She's always enthusiastic in the beginning.  All in all things are pretty good.  Talk to you soon, Sue 
 Sunil,  I just checked my messages this morning....I didn't think people could leave messages anymore after I was put on a trading phone but low and behold they can.  If you ever want to get a hold of me in the future, the best bets are email and cell phone (713-775-6472).  I'd be happy to chat with you if you still need to.  Just let me know a time and place and I'm there.  Susan 
 Here is the draft for distribution.  In addition to the customer-friendly "looking forward to meeting with our business partners" language I know you'll include, I'd suggest including something like the following:  Attached are drafts of the proposed tariff provisions (including the form of Transport Option Amendment) and a filing letter.  We are providing these draft documents to you in advance of filing them with FERC as part of a good-faith effort to resolve any remaining issues with our shippers prior to filing.  The drafts are for purposes of discussion by workshop attendees only, and we ask that you not distribute them to persons outside your company.  Additionally, while we hope that these drafts are close to being in final form, they are of course subject to revision and final management approval prior to filing with the Commission. 
 I believe this was intended for the Susan Scott with ETS...I'm with Nat Gas= Trading.  Thanks 
 I'm leaving shortly for the airport, but I will give you a call when I get back so we can discuss transport to SA. I am way too excited about this trip (many pics will be taken).  Susan  I completely agree about foregoing the Mucky Duck Tuesday...too cold and too rainy for me. 
 the Cayman Islands  We're leaving in about a 1/2 hour for the airport and I am extremely excited about the trip.  I will be sure to take lots of pictures and drink many fruity drinks.  Actually, I'm going scuba diving tomorrow and then we're taking a catamaran on Saturday out to some island (I will be taking full advantage of the sunning net for the trip out to the island).  Additionally, we've got first class dinners booked every night and I should be able to fit in a massage...I know, it's sick.  Also, I'm sure you noticed that I emailed Niclas about you so the door has been cracked open...Just a warning though, based on a Tuesday night conversation with Lisa I'm afraid our dear Mitch may be biting the dust soon.  We'll see though, she has become very flighty (okay, is flighty) when it comes to guys.  Sue 
 Hey Lisa,  Once again I am so impressed with your organizational skills when it comes to this wedding.  Just wanted to let you know that I will definitely be attending the luncheon on Friday and may even end up riding to SA with Jen (which always makes the drive that much more enjoyable).  As for the "Manicures and Pedicures for the Girls", I would like to put my order in for a Turkey Breast sandwich on white.  I can't wait till next weekend, it's going to be so much fun...can you believe it's almost here?  Love ya, Susan  PS - I've mailed the receipt for your nightie so you should get it by Saturday...sorry it took me so long. 
 Yup...I leave for the Caymans today.  Our flight out is at 1:45, so we'll probably be leaving the office around 11:45 this morning.  I am, understandably, very excited.  We will definitely talk more about Tuesday night either Sunday or Monday.  As for Civil War, I'll keep checking to see what the deal is with the tickets.  The going away party for Kenny should be really fun, I'm glad you're in the states and able to see him off properly.  Have a good weekend and I'll be sure to take lots of pictures.  See ya next week, Susan 
 Julie,  I don't know if I told you before, but I'm leaving tomorrow for a long weekend in the Caymans with my new group.  I can't tell you how much my life has changed in the last three weeks.  I'm getting out of the office no later than 6:30 everyday (and it's usually closer to 4:30-5:00) and I actually have time to do other things with my life.  I went to the symphony last week, am going to a reception at the MFA next week, joined a volunteer organization geared toward young professionals and am thinking about joining the church I've been going to the last couple of months.  All in all life has improved.  Still nothing new on the guy front, but I'm in no rush so it's not that big a deal.  I am so excited about my trip out to San Diego to see you.  I promise to be well rested and ready to shop, eat and go out....or just sit on the beach.  Like I said before, I'm up for anything.  Hope things are going well with you, the job and Brendan.  Drop me a line if you get a chance and let me know what's new in your life.  Talk to you soon, Susan 
 Civil War may be sold out...I'm checking on it. 
 Hi Jennifer,  Yes, that is correct.  I would like to contribute $25 in addition to the $50 membership fee.  Thanks for getting back to me and verifying the amounts.  Susan Scott 
 Not sure of the topic of our meeting but here's the Options filing in case you need it. 
 I called and left a message requesting two tickets for the reception...I will let you know if we get them.  I'll try and give you a call later today.  I'm not actually leaving until Thursday for the Caymans though, so if you're up for steak night etc. Wednesday night let me know.  It can't be a late night for packing reasons, but I'd like to do something.  Susan 
 You can take me off this distribution as I am no longer with risk.  Thanks, Susan 
 So transparent....I will pay you good money to hook-up with this guy.  Would get hours of enjoyment from such an event. 
 I'm just glad I'm going to be out of town for the next 3 weekends.  What pray tell will she do?  With no buffer there, will there be any reason for Mitch not to shack?  I'm curious to see how all of this plays out.  She keeps looking for signs to know whether Mitch is right or not...I told her it's pretty unlikely that anything's going to whack her over the head so she's just going to have to figure out for herself what she thinks of him.  She's got such a tough life.  Oh, my Mom was over Sunday and made some comment about Lisa always dating someone....she still denies.  Cracks me up.  Response is always,  "I've only had two serious boyfriends."  To which I've started to respond, "We'll I'm batting zero and have only one legitimate first date with a guy.  In relative terms, you are a dating phenomenon."  I definitely need this vacation, Sue 
 I believe this was intended for Susan Scott with ETS...I'm with Nat Gas trading.  Thanks 
 I know, I know.  It's still weird to me.  While I thought it was great that Lisa was holding back on the physical side of this relationship early on...I'm beginning to wonder if she really likes him, or just likes having someone to talk to who will cater to her.  I mean, I'm all for prudence when it comes to the physical side of relationships, but after a month of constant contact and interaction I would have to question the fact I didn't feel compelled to completely jump the guy.  That's not to say I would, but I'd still have to question the lack of desire to do so.  I just don't get the impression that she is that attracted to him.  Seems more like "good buddy" to me.  I think she misses the Matt's, Alan's, Thatcher's, etc. that she got that from in the past.  On the plus sides, he is a very happy person who loves to smile and is pleasant to be around.  I just get squeamish watching people cuddle so much.  I'm having flashbacks to sharing a room with Jen when Craigers was in the picture.  It's not a pleasant memory, trust me.  I do think it's weird that Lisa never wants me to leave their presence...they both questioned me when I took off to bed last night around 9:30...I just wanted out.  Sue 
 Hey Katy,  I was just curious if you had any interest in attending the reception below.  Sounds like it might be interesting to me.  Drop me a line and let me know if it sounds like fun and I'll go ahead and get a couple of tickets.  Talk to you soon, Susan   2001 Museum of Fine Arts, Houston Corporate Partners Spring Reception, April 3!  Be a part of the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston 2001 Corporate Partners Spring Reception on Tuesday, April 3 at Law building of the MFA.  Enjoy great food donated by ARIES Restaurant and The Redwood Grill, free drinks, cool art, and good friends.  To attend or with questions call (713) 639-7585. 
 Sorry I never got back to you last night...I ended up going to grab dinner.  I'm still up for this evening if you are.  The "show" starts at 8:00 and I think it's about a $10.00 cover.  Either shoot me an email or I'll give you a call a little later this afternoon.  I don't think I have you work number anymore though, so if you wouldn't mind giving that to me again that would be great.  See ya later, Susan 
 He was over again last night.  Please explain to me why you would invite your "man" over to your apartment when you have a roommate and he lives alone.  I simply do not understand.  I took full advantage of the fact Ted lived alone...we never hung out at my apartment.  Where's the fun in that?  I just think it's weird.  Talk to you later, Sue 
 Thanks Shannon...I appreciate all the help you've given me over the last year and would be happy to return the favor in the future if there's anything you need.  Good luck to you as well in your own endeavors.  Susan 
 Denise, here are a few things off the top of my head.  1.  I mostly work for the Transwestern Commercial Group, which is the following cast of characters:  Steve Harris Kevin Hyatt Lindy Donoho Jeff Fawcett TK Lohman Christine Stokes Michelle Lokay Lorraine Lindberg  When I am not on 47, I sit near their work area on 41 (and forward my phone to x34516).  These are the people I'm most likely to have you organize meetings with, distribute things to, etc.  Their assistant is Audrey Robertson.  I lost our most recent phone list but please get one from her (x35849).  2.  Usually I get in around 8:30 and leave around 6.  I'm not picky about when you're in the office; it is very rare that I will need you to come in early or stay late.  I think I asked Janet only twice.  3.  Major projects I'm working on right now that you'll hear me mention a lot:  - TW Options (a tariff filing) - Order 637 compliance - Caithness/Big Sandy (potential pipeline interconnect)  4.  Standing meetings:  - TW Commercial Group staff meeting:  Monday at 9:30 - Omaha regulatory staff meeting:  Tues. at 8:15. - Therapist:  every few weeks Thurs. 9:00 (if anyone asks, I'm in a meeting; but if they knew where I really was I'm sure they would understand!)  5.  Faxes:  I get faxes from Regulatory a lot and they generally don't call first.  Please check the fax machine once a day (and my chair, if I'm not on 47 that day, in case someone got a fax for me and put it there).  6.  Mail:  Please open my mail, and I'll try to come pick it up every day.  7.  Filing:  I generally avoid keeping files of useless information. However, since I'm a regulatory lawyer it is inevitable that I will have a ton of paper to stash away where I can find it later.  Filing is pretty important to me.  I promise to try to let you know what files are more important than others so you can prioritize.  The good news:  I rarely ever go to the extent where I would have you index a file.  Just putting things in the right folder is enough.  8.  Computer files:  At the beginning of each quarter, please create a new Word file folder (if you look under sscott you'll see I have 2ndqtr00, 3rdqtr00, etc.)  9.  Calendar:  Please obtain access to my Lotus Organizer, and if you get e-mails of meetings I'm supposed to attend go ahead and put them in the calendar.  10.  Friends you're likely to hear from a lot:  Ann, Bill, my grandmother ("Ms. Savoy"), Dianna  11.  The Other Susan Scott:  There is a Susan M Scott who works for ENA.  I get her mail and phone calls all the time!  Her extension is 31445.  Not sure of her location as it seems to change a lot.  I look forward very much to working with you!! 
 Hi Shannon,  Could you be sure to remove my name from the distribution and replace it with George Huan...he has taken over my roll running the options book.  Thanks, Susan 
 Best Product Placement:  Taking corporate sponsorship to absurdly intimate levels, Pepsi spokesdiva Britney Spears wore a tiny medallion with the soft-drink company's logo in her bellybutton ring during her much hyped commercial. Although, considering the amount of money the company has sunk into her, it may have been a homing device. 
 Starts at eight....would love to go, at least for a while.  I'll give you a call later to discuss. 
 FYI:  Trish Murphy is playing at the Mucky Duck tomorrow night....thought you might be interested.  Drop me a line.  Sue 
 I have to be in S.A. on the 6th for Lisa's bridesmaid's luncheon...So I was thinking, what if I came up to Austin Thursday night and we made a trip to the Saxon Pub.  Just a thought.  If you have exams, papers, etc. that will be consuming you that week disregard the suggestion, but if not it could be fun.  Hope you're having a good day and that you finished your Note to your satisfaction.  Susan 
 Have to agree with your assessment.  And, I promise she will try like the d= ickens to do stuff with Niklaus (sp?) maybe at the expense of doing things = with you.  Mitch is the guy she's been seeing for about a month now.  He ca= me over last night to watch the Oscar's with us.  Me in a wing-back and Lis= a and Mitch holding hands, rubbing arms etc., on the couch.  This is the se= cond time I can recall since being in the apartment with her that I've had = to witness the "cuddle fest."  Not to mention the "cuddle fest" we all witn= essed with Chad at Europa.  Maybe if she does come over you could be the li= ttle red devil on her shoulder encouraging her to hook up with Nik...force = her to make some sort of decision about all these guys.  She's in heat righ= t now I swear.  Every 5 sec. there's some new guy she thinks is hot.  The g= uy serving us at Jason's Deli might be the next victim.  She's totally out = of control.  I must say I loved the way she casually suggested the Nik prob= ably wasn't your type anyway...covering all the bases.  It's really pitiful= you know...I'm just glad we will never have the same taste in men.  Did I = mention that Laura White's fiancee asked Laura what was going on with Mitch= and I at Kenneally's b/c I was spending more time with him than Lisa (she = was of course performing the role of social butterfly).  Like I said, it's = pitiful.  In actuality, I think I'm the only one of her "friends" that have= met Mitch and think he's all right  I'm pretty sure everyone else has told= her they think she can do better.  I beg to differ, knowing Lisa a little = better than them (i.e. the many faces of eve) and would argue instead that = he's a pretty good catch for her...caves eventually but not perceived (at l= east by her) as a complete push-over.  Perfect combo for our Ms. Gillette.  Can you believe my parents?  They were only in San Diego for all of 12 hrs = and took a roll of film...what dorks.  Sue  I'll work on the trip thing...the timing sounds good to me. 
 I am destined to be a dork....it's in the genes. 
 Matt -- are you going to have Snake Hill sign as well?  I can e-mail the agreement to him if you prefer. Thanks. Susan 
 Lia Hernandez, currently of ET&S, has accepted a position at ENA effective August 2, 2000.  To ensure that ET&S continues to be in compliance with the marketing affiliate rules, Lia's access to any ET&S or GPG-related LANs or applications should be removed at the close of business on August 1.  In addition, Lia's email profile should be changed and any GPG or ET&S mass distribution  lists should be changed.  Please send a reply email to me after these changes have been completed, verifying and indicating the date that employee was: - removed from the LAN - EBB password was changed/canceled (if applicable) - removed from ET&S or GPG-related applications - email post office box was transfered.  If you have questions, or if you believe there is someone else I need to contact in order to accomplish the above, please let me know. 
 I'm planning to be out August 28 - Sept 1. 
 Lillian, please see the attached authorization memo.  It is still in draft form, but since time is of the essence, Geneva advised me to forward it to you now so that you could start working on it.  We would like to have the new company formed today if possible.  I will let you know if I make any changes to the attached.  In the meantime, please do not hesitate to call if you have questions.  Susan Scott x30596 
 Janet, please meet with Denise (tomorrow if possible) to:  - explain filing system - hand off filing projects you are working on (anytime between tomorrow and next week is fine) - explain how you do service lists for FERC filings.  Also, one of you will need to contact the appropriate person to get Denise access to my Lotus Organizer. Don't know how to notify the mailroom people to deliver my mail to Denise's station but see if you can do this also.  I spoke with Mike, and Emily is going to handle moving the phones.  Merci beaucoup! 
 I hated to e-mail all of you but I honestly do not know how to handle the attached which was forwarded to me, and thought one of you might.  Any clues...please advise.  Thanks. 
 If there's still space available, please enroll me in the March 14-15 Derivatives I class.  Here's my info:  Susan Scott GPG Legal RC#  0026 Supervisor:  Drew Fossum SSN ********* 713-853-0596 sscott3@enron.com  Thanks. 
 I owe Michele a call because she has a couple of questions.  Will do after I finish options draft. 
 Somehow the "one-part rate" glossary item fell off of TW's list so I've revised it again. 
 I agree that the proposed facilities could be constructed under the prior notice provisions of TW's blanket certificate if the cost and environmental requirements are met.  The facilities appear to meet the criteria for an "eligible facility" under section 157.202(b)(2)(i):  they are necessary to provide service to Big Sandy within existing mainline certificate levels, and according to my research the facilities are similar to those that the Commission routinely has found to be eligible under a blanket certificate. The prior notice project cost limit for year 2000 is $20,200,000.  (Sec. 157.208).  If the project is not within this cost limit we will need to seek a 7(c) certificate.  I've researched the incremental rate question and here's what I've been able to find out:  In the context of a 7(c) application, FERC generally requires use of existing Part 284 rates.  This was the case when TW applied for a certificate to construct the San Juan lateral.  TW requested a separate zone rate for the lateral in that proceeding but FERC stated that a section 7 proceeding was not the appropriate forum.  The Commission stated, however, that it would be willing to entertain an abbreviated Section 4 filing by TW to revise its Part 284 rates to inclue zone rates for the lateral.  So TW made a Section 4 filing and got zone rates approved based on the cost of service for the lateral.  Whether we construct the Big Sandy lateral under the blanket certificate or not, it appears that we would have to file a limited section 4 if we want to implement rates for the lateral that are different from the West of Thoreau rates.  As for whether an open season would be required, I assume it would not be if Caithness is going to fully subscribe the capacity on the lateral.  However, if other shippers are interested and we want to get the best rate we'll probably want to have an open season.  In any event, in the context of a 7(c) application FERC is going to put us at risk for recovery of costs, so it would be to our advantage to sell 100% of the new capacity.  At this point I am uncertain whether we even want or need different rates for the Big Sandy lateral...ultimately it will depend on the cost of the project and what rates would make it economic for TW to proceed.  I hope this helps...if there are further questions or if any of this does not sound right to you let me know.    Michele Winckowski                08/17/2000 01:39 PM 
 First of all, I'm delighted you want to stay and would not have a problem with Deron moving in.  However, in return I would ask for increased rent of $650, to take into account the improvements you want and additional water use and wear & tear.  After you read this let me know whether you think this is reasonable.  I'll try to answer all your questions:  Q. I believe you had mentioned some termite issues and I wanted to make sure that we would not be doing anything to cause the floor to collapse as we would be removing light items for heavier items.  A.  I really do not think it is a problem.  In addition to the oak floor, there is a subfloor, so heavier items should be fine.  I'd draw the line at a waterbed, though!  Q.  The stove is a bit problematic...  A.  No problem to look into this.  I'm sure it can be repaired.  I will give the appliance folks a call.  Q.  Do you know if the garage apt. would support a 2nd line being installed?  A.  I'm sure it will...go ahead and do it; if the phone company runs into any internal wiring problems let me know and I'll call my phone wiring dude.  Q.  Do you know if the washer/dryer connections in the garage part work for sure?  A.  I have a bad feeling about those connections!  I'll get them up and running, and can get someone to haul the old washer off.  Q.  I am guessing that they would need to be gas, not electric?  A.  I would strongly recommend a gas dryer because it is so much more economical.  Plus you would not believe how much faster you can get jeans and towels dry than with electric! If I have to get a new connection installed it will be gas if possible.  Q.  At one point, you had mentioned doing something with the kitchen floor as the linoleum has seen better days... Would it be possible to look into this?  A.  I have always thought linoleum in a black & white checkerboard pattern would look really cute in there.  It's cheap to install and fairly easy except I'm leary of taking on the project myself because pulling up the old stuff is going to be a you-know-what.  I will call & ask my handyman, unless you and Deron are just dying to do it yourselves.  Q.  Do you know if any paint is leftover?  A.  The color I used on the trim was Antique White semigloss; there should be some left in the garage.  I'll check and if not I can pick up some for you at the paint store as I'll be going there this week or this weekend.  The only additional issue I have is parking -- Dianna is staying with me and helping w/rent for the next several months and I'd like her to be able to use that middle space.  I know it's a pain but either you or Deron would have to park on the street.  The other option is to get one of the back garage doors working so there is access to the garage from the alley.  If I did this do you think y'all would use it, or is that too impractical?  As for timing with the oven, W/D connections and kitchen floor, I'm taking the first full week of Sept. off and it would be easiest for me to get everything done then if that's okay with y'all.  Call if you have further questions! 
 Drew -- here is Lorraine's update on the Val Verde situation that I mentioned in my previous e-mail.   Recall that we've been unable to accept quantities of gas from Burlington because of the high temperatures at the interconnect in recent years.  I've recommended that we seek amendment of the contract as soon as possible to reflect what we CAN do.  The proposed amendment Lorraine is referring to, which Burlington rejected, modified our obligation to provide firm compression sufficient to accept 250,000 MMBtu.  // Burlington Resources - Val Verde Plant - Michelle and I had a follow-up conversation with BR Thursday.  I faxed the proposed amendment to BR Monday and we hadn't heard from them yet.  They claim approximately $135,000/month in lost revenues because we are holding their production down.  Michele and Darrell will work to pull together the data on exactly which days we have not been able to take BR's gas.  I mentioned to BR that we were putting this info together, but they claim since they were told to back off to 180,000 - 190,000 MMBtu from about mid-June through July, our data would not accurately reflect BR's inability to schedule in excess of 180/190.  They will not accept our wording in the interconnect amendment, specifically "best efforts" and "subject to operating conditions on TW", so we will need to revise this further.  We offered alternate receipt point flexibility at Ignacio and alternate delivery point flexibility at El Paso Blanco on their Jackrabbit contract but they do not think this is sufficient to agree to amend the interconnect agreement.  They have suggested we consider giving them a deeper discount on their San Juan - Waha contract (80,000/d, $0.14, term 11/30/06).  The ball is in our court. 
 I've looked into whether we can terminate our Val Verde interconnect agreement with Burlington, and have determined we may do so only if we take the following steps:  1.  Terminate the OBA by giving 30 days notice to Burlington.  Paragraph 13 of the 6/1/94 OBA with Burlington (as successor in interest to Meridian) provides that either party may terminate the OBA "at the end of the primary term, or thereafter by providing thirty (30) days prior written notice" to Burlington.  (The one-month primary term ended June 30, 1994 and has since gone month-to-month.)  2.  On the effective termination date of the OBA, terminate the interconnect agreement by giving 30 days notice to Burlington.    The 12/31/92 Interconnect Point Operating Agreement, Paragraph 6, provides that either party may terminate on 180 prior notice after expiration of the primary term.  This is of limited use to us since the primary term does not expire until 12/31/02.  However, the paragraph also provides that the agreement "may be terminated by either party upon thirty (30) days prior written notice in the event the OBA between the parties is terminated."  As we've already discussed, termination of the agreement is an extreme measure from a customer relations standpoint and we probably need to weigh our other options first.  Let me know if you have further questions. 
 Yesterday Jeff Fawcett, Lee Ferrell and I met with Dynegy marketing and legal/regulatory representatives regarding TW Transport Options.  Overall the meeting was very positive.  We had nothing but encouraging remarks from the marketing representatives.  However, the regulatory people (Sarah Tomalty, Ed Ross) had a couple of issues.  The biggest issue is a marketing affiliate concern.  Apparently Dynegy is on a crusade at FERC to place further limits on deals pipelines can do with their marketing affiliates.  They have run into situations in which pipelines (examples:  Koch, El Paso) have blatantly favored their marketing affiliates to the extent that Dynegy cannot even do deals with them.  (In fact, one of the problems with Koch has been Koch's price option deals with its affiliate.)  The perception is that the affiliates, by using "funny money," can always make themselves the highest bidder, with a net benefit to the entire organization (pipeline + affiliate).  The remedy Dynegy is proposing is to require a marketing affiliate, if it is the highest bidder, to credit back the difference between the price it pays and the price offered by the next highest bidder.  The presumption is that the affiliate has an unfair advantage because it is able to pay above market value in order to get the capacity.   Dynegy's proposal would encourage affiliates to pay "real" dollars.  While it emphasized its belief that TW does not favor its marketing affiliates, Dynegy would like for us to include in our filing some limitation on options transactions with marketing affiliates.   It is likely that other pipelines will file for the ability to sell options once FERC approves our filing, and Dynegy would like for this type of protection to be part of the precedent set by our filing.  Ed hinted that FERC may be considering a divestiture requirement for marketing affiliates, and that pipelines can avoid this extreme result by voluntarily limiting their transactions with affiliates.  Shelley, I know you've discussed this issue with Ed already and our reactions were the same.  Basically we politely told Dynegy that we don't believe we're part of the problem and that we are therefore not inclined to unnecessarily disadvantage our company by further limiting ENA's ability to do business with TW.   We can probably expect an intervention with comments or a limited protest addressing the issue.  The other regulatory question was whether we intend to file each option deal as a negotiated rate.  My analysis of this issue is that since we're proposing the option fee as part of the transport rate, options would always be a type of negotiated rate and would need to be filed.  If you think this is not the right answer, please let me know because we need to decide it before we file the tariff sheets.  Sarah's question seemed to be more one of curiosity rather than a basis for protest.  Like the Indicated Shippers, Dynegy appeared interested in an all-customer meeting to discuss the service.  Jeff and the rest of the commercial group are looking further into whether and when we would have such a meeting.  If you have any questions or concerns please let me know. 
 Attached is the latest draft of the Transport Option Program filing.  After our discussion last week I made a couple of significant changes from the last draft.  One is that we're no longer stating that the option fee is going to be "market-based."   Instead I have tried to portray the option fee as a built-in feature of the transport rate, which is simply being disaggregated into a separate option fee.  The other significant change is that I've structured the tariff language and the agreement so that every shipper, regardless of whether they currently use transport on TW, will have to have a firm transportation agreement when they buy an option.  In other words, a shipper that does not currently have a service agreement will simply execute an agreement with a MAXDTQ of zero.  If you don't think I've explained this clearly enough, let me know.  I'm meeting informally with the Commercial Group next week to discuss 1) some examples of options to make sure the tariff provisions and contract work from a logistical standpoint, 2) the bidding process, and how bids for options will be evaluated, and 3) further comments received from shippers.  I'll circulate our ideas on bidding and awarding options, and any other new ideas or questions.  As I've discussed with some of you, our shippers are asking to see the filing in its entirety before we file it, and would like to have a roundtable meeting prior to filing to discuss their concerns.  I realize there is some concern about showing them our filing.  What if we just show them our final tariff language and form agreement, and offer to host a meeting to discuss their questions?  Let me know what you think.  Our target filing date will depend on whether we have a customer meeting first, and when FERC staff is available to talk. 
 Here is a chart cross-referencing Gas Daily price points with points of TW, for purposes of imbalance valuation.  If you have questions call Jeff or me. 
 I believe this message was intended for Susan M Scott of ENA.  I'm with ETS Legal. 
 Attached is the latest draft of the Transport Option Program filing.  There are a couple of important changes from the last draft.  One is that we're no longer stating that the option fee is going to be "market-based."  At FERC, the term "market-based" has connotations of having to prove to FERC that a non-cost-based rate is appropriate because we lack market power.  While we probably do lack market power, the consensus of the legal/regulatory team was to try to portray the option fee as a built-in feature of the transport rate, which is simply being disaggregated into a separate option fee.  If this theory is not clear to you after you read the filing letter, let's discuss how it should be improved.  The other significant change (also based on my meeting with legal/regulatory) is that I've structured the tariff language and the agreement so that every shipper, regardless of whether they currently use transport on TW, will have to have a firm transportation agreement when they buy an option.  In other words, a shipper that does not currently have a service agreement will simply execute an agreement with a MAXDTQ of zero.  This structure has two advantages:  1) it's consistent with our option-fee-as-part-of-transport-rate theory, and 2) it will help support that theory in our next rate case.  I'd like to meet next week, either Wednesday afternoon or Thursday, to discuss the following topics:  1)  Your comments and questions on this draft, 2)  Some examples of options, to make sure the tariff provisions and contract work from a logistical standpoint, 3)  The bidding process, and how bids for options will be evaluated, and 4)  Comments received from shippers thus far.  I'll be working on 41 tomorrow; let's talk about what would be a good meeting time. I will be out Mon. and Tues. 
 In Mark Baldwin's June 19 letter, he proposed the following fee schedule for project development:  Retainer:  $1000/month plus expenses Accepted project (meets TW's predetermined financial hurdles):  Proposal $5000 Each month TW actively negotiating project:  $1500/month (each project) Letter of Intent:  $5000 Signed Agreement:  $10,000 Incentive Fee:  To be determined  When I spoke with Mark, he explained that this schedule was based on reaching certain milestones in the development of individual projects.  In his letter he also proposed monthly fees for regulatory services ($5000/mo.) and market development services (including SoCal OIR related services -- $3000/mo.).  This e-mail addresses the project development fee structure only.  The recently expired Market Development agreement with IGS provided for a one-time retainer of $15,000 and a monthly retainer of $5000, plus expenses, and an incentive fee structure for any agreement between Transwestern and third party "identified by IGS under this agreement."  As you know, the "identified by" language presented us with some ambiguity in the case of the Southern Energy Gallup Expansion contract, in which both IGS and the TW Commercial Group worked on the deal.  Fortunately, the ambiguity worked to Transwestern's advantage in that case, but my understanding is that in ongoing dealings with IGS both parties would prefer more specificity in any future consulting agreement.  Mark's proposal represents a step in the right direction because it provides for payment on a per-project basis.  This immediately eliminates the "identified by" problem because we won't be obligated to pay him unless and until he identifies a project we're interested in him working on.  I propose that we define some general terms and conditions in an enabling agreement.  If Mark brings us a project we want to pursue, we will pay him according to these terms (and any other terms and conditions tailored to the specific project, as needed).  For each project, we would simply enter into a short letter agreement referencing the enabling agreement.  I've outlined the agreement below as a starting point for discussion.  The numbers are Mark's; we'll have to discuss whether they are appropriate.  I've omitted any payment for a letter of intent because since they are nonbinding, letters of intent are of little value to Transwestern.  Call me after you've reviewed this and let's discuss how you want to proceed.    From time to time during the term of the enabling agreement, IGS may present brief, preliminary project proposals to Transwestern.  If Transwestern desires IGS's assistance in developing a particular project, it will so notify IGS in writing and shall execute an agreement with IGS adopting the following terms and conditions:  1.  Retainer for project development:  $1000/month plus expenses.  Project development shall include but not be limited to:  research, due diligence, market analysis, negotiation with counterparties (to the extent specifically authorized by Transwestern), reporting to marketing representatives of Transwestern as requested by Transwestern, and preparing a detailed written proposal.  Transwestern and IGS may agree in writing to other project-specific requirements.  Transwestern shall continue to pay the retainer each month until a definitive agreement is signed with the counterparty or Transwestern notifies IGS in writing that it has decided to terminate the project.  2.  If Transwestern accepts the project described in IGS's written proposal (or with modifications after reviewing the written proposal), it shall pay IGS a fee of [the lesser of] $5000 [or ___% of the net present value of the project].  "Accepting the project" means that the project meets Transwestern's financial, regulatory and other criteria and the Transwestern Commercial Group has obtained the necessary officer approval to pursue the project to completion.  Accepting the project and paying IGS pursuant to this paragraph in no way obligates Transwestern to pursue the project to completion.  3.  If Transwestern signs a definitive agreement with a counterparty for the project, it shall pay IGS $10,000.  Additionally, the parties may negotiate an additional incentive fee (to be agreed upon and documented at the outset of the project).  (I will also include provisions on termination, confidentiality, etc.). 
 Lorraine, here are a few notes from my review of the Val Verde contract, and my initial impressions.  Let's talk more about how to approach the issue after we meet with Ron tomorrow about MAOP.  12/31/92 Interconnect Agreement:  Sec. 1.3 specifies pressures and states that unless there is an agreement to provide firm compression service TW will accept up to 200,000 on an interruptible basis.  Sec. 2 states that the Blanco Hub MAOP shall not be exceeded.  Sec. 4.2 limits damages (no consequential damages).  The contract also has a fairly standard force majeure clause.  2/18/93 letter amendment:  Sec. 3 obligates TW to provide firm compression service in order to accept 200,000 into TW's system (provided MOGI has pressure of at least 650 and quantity of at least 140).  Acknowledges that this is an agreement to provide firm compression in accordance with Sec. 1.3 of 12/92 agreement.  9/25/95 letter amendment:  Increases quantity to be received at the interconnect to 250,000 once the San Juan expansion is effective.  My initial conclusions:  It is pretty clear we have an obligation to accept 250,000 on a firm basis, provided that Burlington complies with the pressure requirements.  Probably the only way we can avoid this obligation is if accepting 250,000 would cause us to exceed the hub MAOP.  In that case we can argue impossibility of performance.  Also, we could avoid the obligation because the summer heat above certain temperatures constitutes force majeure.  This argument is strengthened by the fact that temperatures seem to have gotten hotter over the years.  The fact that we entered into our most recent agreement with Burlington in January of this year weakens the credibility of our arguments (they will say we should have known by now).  Burlington might try to argue that we have an absolute obligation to comply with the agreement, even if it means expensive system modifications.  That argument is not a very strong one because the agreement contains no such affirmative obligation and in fact quite clearly describes the facilities that are the subject of the agreement. 
 FYI. 
 Christine, see the attached.  I've changed paragraph 8 to be like our last posting, and added in a sentence saying ties will be decided by lottery (but omitted reference to the lottery provisions of our tariff this time).  My only other comment is that I think the group needs to discuss beforehand how a shipper's request for alternate points is going to be treated.  As currently drafted, this notice prohibits shippers from conditioning bids on use of alternate points at the bid rate, which calls into question our granting the winning bidder use of alternate points at a discount.  If we do intend to let the winning bidder shippers use alt. points at a discounted rate, we should take this statement out (end of paragraph 5).  If we're still living in a max. rate world, though, this really is not much of a concern since use of the alternate points would also be at max. rate.  Any questions -- give me a call.  S. 
 I do not see any problems with this. 
   You have just received the "Aggie Virus"!!!  Since Aggies arn't very smart and don't have any programming experience, this Virus works on the honor system.  Please delete all the files on your hard drive, and manually forward this Virus to everyone on your mailing list. 
 Here is the latest draft of the filing for transport options.  Significant changes include:  - added definition of Counterparty - added captions and reorganized the filing to more clearly reflect compliance with 154.202 - included an explanation of how the option fee will be part of a negotiated rate - added an example of how options will work  I think we need to decide whether we are better off with the type of option fee explanation I have in this draft, or whether we should instead state the fee will be market based, and include an explanation that, pursuant to the Commission's discussion in Order 637, market based rates are appropriate because we are going to commit to an open season process that will be nondiscriminatory and that will ensure we aren't withholding capacity from the market.  Can we have a conference call to discuss your comments this week?  I will have Janet call to determine your availability. 
 Here is the agreement with the changes you requested. 
 As you requested. 
 Shelley, I can take a stab at pulling together TW-related information today and will run it by Jeff to see whether he has anything to add.  I am leaving on vacation Saturday and have a lot of other work to finish up here before I go.  Therefore it might be best to bring in someone else from legal/regulatory to pull up the info for El Paso, Kern, etc. 
 Matt, here are redlined and clean versions.  Let me know whether the revisions are acceptable.  Thanks, Susan 
 Hi Mum!  Sorry I have not called you back.  I have been out late every nite and trying just to keep myself in constant motion.  Am on the trading floor this week and can't really talk b/c too many ears.  But I'll give you a call this afternoon. Our little bar examinee is alive and well.  They've changed the schedule so the exam was over yesterday instead of Fri.  She joined me and my work crowd last night at La Griglia and we ordered champagne.  So I've already celebrated appropriately! What do you think of my Destin idea? talk to you soon Love, Sooz 
 Needs to be an officer or someone with power of attorney.  Ordinarily, you do not have power of attorney unless there is board of director approval authorizing you to sign contracts on behalf of the company. The point is to make sure someone signs it who is authorized to bind the company to the obligations of the agreement; otherwise they could argue later that the agreement is not valid. 
 This should be so much easier; Foti is not cooperating so I am having to spend time hunting down his Co. # and RC #, which hopefully Estalee will be able to provide.  I reiterate my position that lawyers are not the ones who should have to do this.  Rest assured I'll follow through on this one and Lia Hernandez, but I also feel we need to approach Dave Schafer and ask why this is something HR is not capable of taking care of. 
 Thanks Keith.  Feel free to coordinate with Jeff to put together a meeting to get the info you need.  I do not know the answer to your questions offhand, and Ron is out this week. 
 Approved 
 Here is the revised bullet sheet along with the draft agreement. 
 Well, Larry just won't let go of these contract issues, will he?? I believe the answer is that SWGas will always be billed based on the one-part rate, regardless of how we choose to allocate the rate components. My understanding is that the reason we reserve the right to allocate the components is simply for internal accounting purposes, to keep any one component from exceeding the max or going below the min. Hope this helps; let me know if you have further questions! 
 Ken, here are the confidentiality agreements that should be signed prior to our providing information to our vendors.  Each agreement should be printed as duplicate originals on TW letterhead, and signed by an officer of TW.  I understand that Mike Nelson is out due to a death in the family; Steve Harris is out this week also.  Perhaps Julia White would be willing to sign in order to expedite things.  If you have any questions or need further assistance with any aspect of these agreements please do not hesitate to call (x30596) or come by. 
 No probola!  It will be good to have an excuse to go to NM.  Maybe I will go this weekend.  So glad you had rain over the weekend!  We did too, and we had had a dry spell for almost as long.  I hope it was not too late to save my back yard, which was starting to smell like cooked grass.  Bill and I are on the outs.  He just will not do what he needs to in order to make things work, so I have given up.  Of course now he is trying to be charming.  Anyway, I will have to tell you the whole story some other time.  The kiddies are going back to school already so now would be a good time to plan a trip to D.C. at last.  Maybe early Sept? Also I'd be game for a girls' trip to Destin.  Time to work! Love, Sooz 
 Darlin', Someone booked the entire Rainbow Lodge for a party this p.m. As alternatives, Chez Sooz recommends: La Mora Brennan's Please advise.  xxxooo S. 
 Tony, the idea we had discussed at our meeting with Drew was somehow acquiring capacity on El Paso in order to access the South Needles interconnect with SoCal.  Currently SoCal lets El Paso deliver to S. Needles but does not extend the same privilege to TW.  I'm unsure how it would work.  TW does have a couple of interconnects with El Paso's system.  I would simply say in the memo that one solution to the constraint at Topock might be to get some shippers to switch to South Needles, and deliver gas to South Needles after twisting SoCal's arm and letting us in, or somehow acquiring capacity on El Paso (or otherwise using their system) to access South Needles.  Obviously we will need to flesh this out from an economic, regulatory and legal standpoint.  I will discuss it with Jeff when he returns.  My apologies for the delay.  Call if you have any questions or comments to discuss!  S. 
 After our IOS adventure last week, I put together the following questions= =20 that need to be resolved.  Some of them have needed to be resolved for quit= e=20 some time.  Tony, let's talk since I think some of these have already been= =20 discussed and maybe resolved in the context of developing TW's EnronOnline= =20 site, and I just need to get up to speed.  To the extent there aren't answe= rs=20 yet, I'll get busy researching.  Drew -- comments?  Shall we all get on the= =20 phone & discuss this?  List of TW contracting issues  1.  Reevaluate the following in the context of current FERC negotiated rate= =20 policy:  a.  Transwestern's current form discount letter states:  "[t]he total char= ge=20 shall include all applicable surcharges."   Should this language be revised= ,=20 and if so, how?  b.  Transwestern usually charges one-part rates, and includes language in= =20 its discount letter stating that Transwestern shall allocate the combined= =20 rate between the reservation and commodity components inclusive of=20 surcharges.  Are one-part rates really negotiated rates?  material deviatio= ns=20 from the tariff?=20  c.  Transwestern's discount letter includes a statement that in no event= =20 shall the contract rate be greater than the maximum or lower than the minim= um=20 rates provided in Transwestern=01,s tariff.  This was intended as assurance= that=20 the contract is not a negotiated rate.  Is this language still effective? = =20 necessary?  2.  IOS/EnronOnline:  a.  When should IOS be conducted, if at all?  b.  Once notice of IOS or EnronOnline bidding has been posted, can the=20 subject capacity still be sold off-line (i.e., pursuant to traditional=20 bidding procedures)?  c.  Is our system for IOS and EnronOnline set up to handle max rate biddin= g=20 situations in a nondiscriminatory manner and in compliance with the bid=20 evaluation procedures in the tariff?  If not, what changes need to be made? 
 According to my research, this project (which involves construction by TW of a lateral consisting of about 40 miles of at least 16" pipe to provide service to a power plant) would require a 7(c) certificate.  Do you concur? Any comments? 
 David Foti, currently of ET&S, has accepted a position at EES effective August 1, 2000.  To ensure that ET&S continues to be in compliance with the marketing affiliate rules, Dave's access to any ET&S or GPG-related LANs or applications should be removed at the close of business on July 31.  In addition, Dave's email profile should be changed and any GPG or ET&S mass distribution  lists should be changed.  Please send a reply email to me after these changes have been completed, verifying and indicating the date that employee was: - removed from the LAN - EBB password was changed/canceled (if applicable) - removed from ET&S or GPG-related applications - email post office box was transfered.  If you have questions, or if you believe there is someone else I need to contact in order to accomplish the above, please let me know. 
 For discussion this a.m. 
 I spoke with Steve Stojic about this and he had the same concern.  Even though I was trying to keep this out of the new rate schedule requirements by not making it a rate schedule, I believe I still managed to cover many checklist items.  One that is not covered is testimony similar to what might be filed in a rate case, in order to justify market based rates.  We are planning to include a revenue estimate.  I'll go over these and make sure everything is addressed before filing.  Are you OK with this filing from a general conceptual standpoint?  The marketers want to start giving a draft to customers for them to review beginning TODAY. 
 Drew -- I've looked at this and it is fine; really does not deviate from what we have posted before.  One issue that arose Friday was whether our all-or-nothing approach (i.e., shipper must take all 49,000 dth of capacity or none at all -- or all 20,000 or none at all) constitutes tying.  The 49,000 package includes 35,000 to North Needles and 14,000 to Topock.  So if a shipper wants the Needles space it has to take the Topock space too.  This looked like a clear case of tying to me until I remembered that this capacity is now, and has been, posted and available and any shipper can bid on any part of the Needles space right now if they wanted to and we'd sell it to them without making them take the Topock space.  That'll be true during the IOS too -- i.e., nothing can stop shippers from bidding on the Needles space outside of the IOS process.  This is just a situation in which we're putting a special package together with the expectation that the price will reflect the fact that the less desirable Topock space is part of that package.  Does this make sense to you?  If not, give me a call. 
 Oops, I meant to send this note to Mary Darveaux instead -- my apologies! 
 Hi Mum.  Sept. 29 sounds great; I have always wanted to see Chorus Line.  So go ahead and order tickets if you like.  I think I might be skiing in the Park City area in December.  Allie's wedding is Dec. 16.  at Sundance.  If you and Eric planned your trip then, you and I could hit the bunny slopes together.  I want to take lessons, and stick to the easy runs.  No way am I getting more injuries; I am creaky enough as it is.  Bill is still hoping to go to Sweden in September to buy his Volvo wagon.  I have really lost my enthusiasm for the trip and would rather go to Mexico, and have told him so.  So I'm not sure what will happen.  Are you interested in going to San Miguel for the running of the bulls?  Hope the Hip Abductors are not demanding too much as ransom.  Love, Sooz 
 We did not answer protests to our Order 637 filing.  The gist of PNM's protest in RP00-626 is that we shouldn't be able to charge a transport or fuel fee for our imbalance netting and trading service.  I agree with PNM that our tariff language is vague in this regard.  What exactly do we mean by "no additional cost...unless through the allocation process, quantities may be subject to transportation and fuel"??   Can someone help me with this?  Since we really did not want to make this compliance filing anyway, I would say we probably wouldn't mind if FERC rejected our tariff sheet outright. However, it's more likely that they will just instruct us to clarify our language.  Or they could tell us to remove the "subject to transportation and fuel" provision.  If we want to preserve our right to charge transport and fuel, it might be worthwhile filing something in the way of an answer. However, I am going to need some assistance in understanding what the language means and why we think we can do it, so I can justify it to FERC. Any comments you have in this regard would be appreicated. 
 Attached for your review is a draft of Transport Options filing that incorporates the comments and suggestions I've received since last week. Please provide any further suggestions/changes to me as soon as possible, but in no case later than close of business, Friday, July 14.  The timeline I've discussed with TW Commercial for this project is as follows:  Final draft comments   Friday, July 14  Circulate draft to customers, customer meetings, time for customers to respond, informal discussion with FERC   Mon. July 17 - Wed. July 26  Final internal review/edit of filing  Thursday, July 27  FERC filing    Monday, July 31  Please let me know your comments on this proposed timeline as well.  Thank you. 
 Paul, governing law in paragraph 9 needs to be Texas.  If this is a problem, give me a call because we'll need to discuss it with Drew. Subject to this one change, I approve this agreement. 
 At PNM's request we are not going to say anything about long-term having a higher priority than short-term, because their tariff simply does not reflect this.  Unfortunately it would have made our argument stronger if we could have said it, but ...  Anyway, I like what Steve has done here.  If there is no objection I'm going to have him make the change described above and file it tomorrow. 
 Here's the draft I referred to in my e-mail -- let me know if you have comments or questions. 
 (I haven't reviewed this yet but will have a chance to this afternoon.) 
 Steve, apparently I'm developing an overactive imagination when it comes to FERC decisions.  In Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company, 74 FERC ? 61,102, reh'g denied, 75 FERC ? 61,272 (1996), and Transwestern, 90 FERC P 61,044, in which FERC approved LFT services, the Commission accepted the pipelines' statements that they would not sell capacity that is not available (i.e., will not double-sell), rather than limit the service in some way or reject the filings.  In Iroquois Gas Transmission System, L.P., 79 FERC ? 61,394 (1997), the Commission approved of the pipeline's selling of capacity that becomes operationally available for various reasons from time to time.  But I have not been able to locate the general statement along the lines of "pipelines can use their own discretion to determine whether capacity is available" that I thought existed. 
 thanks, Donna -- good work. 
 Lorraine, I have no problem with Larry's proposed change or his reasons for the change.  However, I would ask that we eliminate the word "volumetric" as that has other connotations in the FERC tariff world.  I.e., if we were truly to have "volumetric" rates (like Northern) we'd have to file a whole new rate schedule!  I just don't want to use this word.  I don't think it's necessary in order to convey Larry's meaning.  Why don't we insert:  "on a daily basis only   to the volumes for which such other alternate points are utilized". If Larry wants to talk about it I'm happy to.  If he comes up with any more issues I am sending him to law school as punishment. 
 Can we get together tomorrow to discuss the market based rates issues I raised last week? If you can do it tomorrow, let me know what times you are not available and I'll schedule something around them.  Thanks. 
 Since I am swamped I've asked Steve Stojic to take a first crack at it. 
 Just back in from my front yard -- a military jet of some sort is circling my neighborhood and making a tremendous racket!  Several of my neighbors were also out, so I was not the only one staring at the sky.  I don't know whether we'll see fireworks later or if we've already missed them.  Jose and Gigi's party was attended by more kids than ever.  There were a lot of West U parents I did not recognize, but there were some lawyers from the Latin American section that I know, so we had at least a few people to talk to.  We did not stay long, just had some of the good Goode & Company BBQ, helped Gigi with the pinatas, and got home around 7.  The traffic on I-45 was really starting to pile up so I am glad we left when we did.  Enjoyed the weekend and I'm looking forward to your visit.  Love, Sooz 
 Here is a quick summary of our meeting on capacity options on TW.  Bill Cordes, Steve Harris, Shelley Corman, John Buchanan, Tony Pryor, and members of the TW Commercial Group (including Jeff Fawcett) were present.  1.  The group all agreed that while it is probably a good idea to mention that the options could be sold in an online format, we do not want to limit ourselves at this point and should probably just state that a notice will be posted on the TW website whenever we have options for sale.  2.  Price:  the filing needs to include a discussion of how price will be determined, and how capacity will be awarded.  We might also need to include an estimate of how much revenue options will generate in the first year.  3.  Need to add a short explanation of where TW will get the capacity if a shipper exercises its call option.  4.  Should frame the service as requiring an exception to current Commission policy on reserving capacity...not asking Commission to abandon its policy altogether.  5.  May need to address:  assignability of options; limitation on damages for nonperformance.  6.  Timeline: - Turn around a new draft and get further comments (July 3 week) - Get Market Services started on its analysis of the new service - Begin contacting customers to get their buy-in (Lorraine already has a producer/customer very interested in supporting our filing) - Start the process of getting Board approval (sales of options require Board approval at Enron) - Meet informally with FERC to discuss (Shelley is working on) - Make the filing at FERC (we did not try to specify a date yet)  If you have any further comments please let me know.  I am going to try to get a new draft out by next Friday a.m. 
 Hey!  I think I'm planning to come to Austin sometime on Sat.  Bill won't be coming with me because he has 3 trial settings on July 3, what a drag.  I will probably go home on Mon. afternoon.  Our friends are having their lake house party on the 4th.  Tell Jim to bring his gear and we'll go hit some. Can't wait to see Gbug!  You know Mema is going to be really excited to see her eat carrots.  (I think she's coming in on Sunday.)  I was regressing yesterday and found this website, which I think you would appreciate also: http://livingisland.com/shows/pufnstuf/  See you soon! 
 I'm saving this message, by the way.  Your characterization of Omaha may be worth money someday. 
 Never fear.  I've asked Janet to set up a meeting on Fri. and to make sure the core group of you, Drew, Steve and I can attend.  If anyone else can attend too, great.  If not, I'm sure we are going to have more than enough input on Fri. 
 Tony, here's another page that has a Gas Quality section. 
 Tony -- here's an excerpt from PG&E's tariff on curtailment of service.    If you are curious about any of the rest of their tariff, see the "Gas Rules" portion of their website at http://www.pge.com/customer_services/business/tariffs/#GR 
 Appoved.  See the attached which has some minor changes. 
 So far I have not received comments from anyone on the attached. If you think it would be productive to get everyone together (possibly as early as Friday?) for about an hour to discuss capacity options, I will set up a meeting.   Please let me know one way or the other. Thank you. 
 This document contains both the El Paso and TW information.  I'll bring you the printouts of the relevant El Paso tariff provisions. 
 Well, I have definitely taken a turn for the worse -- lots of drainage and coughing up green/yellow stuff.  No fever at all, though.  I go to the doctor tomorrow and hopefully will be on the road to recovery before Saturday.  Received Jim's capilene shirts; they are nice.  But I wanted to double check with you to make sure I got the right ones -- he wanted the medium-weight ones that are sort of like long-sleeved t-shirts, right?  The reason I am asking is that Patagonia also makes a capilene that is more like a fleece fabric and comes in a v-neck style...  I will hold off on the bathtub spa for Mema.  The last thing I want to do is buy her something she does not need!  Will stick to my pedicure gift certificate idea.  So glad you are doing better.  Too bad there was a delay in the flu vaccine this year or we both could have avoided a lot of trouble! 
 Transwestern/PNM filing (Docket Nos. RP00-249-000 and RP00-249-001): Technical conference will take place on June 27, 2000, notwithstanding Dynegy's withdrawal of its protest. 
 Hi Mum!  If you want to come to Houston for the July 8 art crawl, that would be fun.  I plan to meet more of the gallery owners and talk to them about what they do.  Who knows, having my own gallery might actually become part of my long-range plan.  If not, I will have met some interesting people.  If you want to come to Houston sooner, I do not have much going on after my Sat. a.m. class at Rice, although I do have to catch a plane to D.C. on Monday morning.  The week is going OK.  All the tennis and swimming has left me with sore muscles so this is my night off.  Am planning to do some more house chores so I do not end up with another weekend like the last.  I'm still planning on coming to Austin next weekend, I'm just not sure when, but I'll let you know.  Call if you get lonely!  Love, Sooz 
 Ramona, "total cost commitment" in TW's tariff generally means total revenue to be received from a transaction, taking into account reservation rate, the term of the commitment, and the commodity revenues associated with any minimum throughput commitment the shipper may make.  Obviously some of these items aren't applicable in the PNR context; the language must have just been lifted from another part of the tariff.  For PNR we would just multiply rate times number of days the service will be used.  Practically speaking, I'm not sure how this is done if you have an interruptible service with no throughput commitment, but I think you should just be able to use the number of days in the contract term.  If there's a tie (i.e. more than one shipper willing to pay at or above max rate), we just allocate the capacity pro-rata.  We do not have to offer a right to match. 
 With regard to capacity release I think we will have to give the replacement shipper the cash-for-fuel option, because what if we have sold capacity that was created by the releasing shipper's buying fuel from us?  If the replacement shipper suddenly starts shipping fuel, that capacity goes away. (It's sort of like the EFBH/resulting forward haul problem).  Probably we should require that the cash for fuel election automatically transfer to the replacement shipper.  This would probably have to go into our tariff someplace when we make our FERC filing; otherwise it might run contrary to our current tariff provisions and practice.  Another solution might be to just sell resulting capacity as LFT, daily FTS-1 or even FTS-3 capacity (with some modifications to the FTS-3 Rate Schedule, of course), which would allow us the flexibility not to schedule on certain days.  For longer-term deals this might not be practicable, though.  Further questions...let me know. 
 Attached is a preliminary draft of a filing for capacity options on Transwestern.  The attachments include a filing letter, proposed tariff language and a proposed form agreement.  Obviously there are still quite a few details to be worked out.  I am distributing a draft at this early stage in hopes of initiating a dialogue about the larger issues first.  A few that come to mind are whether we want to commit to selling options online, how best to explain or justify the option fee, and what specifically in the industry has changed such that FERC should depart from existing policy and allow TW to essentially reserve future capacity for shippers.  Please let me know your thoughts on these and any other issues.  I would prefer to wait to discuss comments on wording, other conforming changes to the tariff, and other comments concerning form until after we have resolved the substantive issues.  Thanks. 
 Amazing that TW has not one but TWO people doing this job. Your tree-saving efforts are admirable. 
 Tony, I'd love to see our posting on EnronOnline -- do you know if there's an easy way for us "insiders" to access it? 
 I would expect that Sarah Tomalty will attend anyway to make sure we make good on our promise. 
 Something's up with our e-mail, but I did receive it finally.  Thanks. 
 Phil Richardson and Sarah Tomalty of Dynegy say that they would probably (i.e. subject to management approval) withdraw their protest if we would amend our proposed tariff language to limit the quantity of capacity we can acquire from PNM to 20,000/day.  Their chief concern is to prevent TW from becoming simply a broker for another pipeline's capacity (which has never been our intention).  Lorraine is discussing this with Steve to see whether this is something we could live with.  The Commission has expressed the same concern in the past, so this might make them more comfortable with our proposal too.  Comments?  let me know. 
 Kevin -- I've looked at the pooling agreement and I agree with you -- I don't believe taking the compressor down is at all limited under the agreement. Any further questions, let me know. 
 If I remember correctly, we'll need to paper the additional Sempra capacity, either with an amendment or a separate agreement.  I'll be in the office by about 9:30 and we can talk about it then. 
 Tony, I thought there would be a case that stated that if an interstate pipeline posts the criteria under which it will evaluate capacity bids, it must stick to those criteria and not award the capacity to a bidder on some other basis.  It seems a simple enough extension of the principle that capacity must be awarded on a nondiscriminatory basis.  However, I did not find any case that stands for that exact proposition.  As you may be aware, the Commission made Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America (NGPL) come up with a way to ensure that it awarded capacity one a nondiscriminatory basis...because NGPL was found to have been giving preferential treatment to its shippers.  NGPL's solution was to come up with an auction process, and there is a whole line of cases if you're interested.  The underlying presumption is that if you set up a system under which all capacity is awarded and stick with that system, there is no way you could be acting discriminatorily.  But of course the Commission never comes out and says this even though it should be obvious.  Probably the best we can do is extrapolate from 1) the tariff and 2) the NGA (doesn't it also say we have to provide service on a not unduly discrim. basis?).  Also, in your memo I'd give an example; i.e., if we notify shippers of our auction process and set a deadline for bidding, but then award the capacity to Sempra (assuming Sempra requested capacity after the posting), we will have unduly discriminated against all the other shippers who had to participate in the auction process.  Maybe in future postings on Enrononline we should include a statement to the effect that the capacity posted will not be awarded except thru the Enrononline process.  Now for some trivia.  Remember we were discussing with Shelley whether we could post a different method (other than that prescribed in the tariff) for determining best bid?  In my Westlaw search I ran across the relevant case. In Northwest Pipeline, 85 FERC P 61,335, the Commission stated:  "The Commission has previously given pipelines the leeway, in open season provisions, to either include in their tariff a single non-discriminatory bid evaluation methodology, or provide themselves the flexibility of choosing different non-discriminatory bid evaulation methods for different transactions, provided that the pipeline posts the bid evaluation methodology before the bidding process begins."  The only problem is I am not sure we have that "flexibility" since the tariff does not expressly allow us to post a different method.  Maybe next time we do a tariff cleanup we could add some language allowing us to do so.  I have to move on to my next project but if you want me to comment on what you write I'd be happy to. 
 Mike, please see the attached, which incorporates the changes we discussed yesterday.  If this looks acceptable to you, please sign two originals and forward them to me.  Thanks.    Susan Scott Transwestern Pipeline Company 1400 Smith St., Room 4788 Houston, TX 77007 (713) 853-0596 
 Since the contract quantity goes to zero in Nov.-Mar., they pay no reservation charge in those months, so effectively the rate is zero for those months.  I suppose we could draft it either way and logistically it would work.  We used a similar structure in a deal we did earlier this year, if I recall correctly.  Also --  I agree that we would need to file this as a material deviation if SWG agrees to include the capacity release provision.  In case FERC does not like the provision for some reason, do we want to provide that disapproval by FERC will invalidate the whole contract (see language in the recent USGT contract), or do we want it to invalidate just that provision and let the rest of the deal stand?  It would depend on how much value the parties are attaching to that provision and whether we would want a chance to renegotiate...and I am assuming we would.  Christine, let me know which is preferable and I'll send you some language in the a.m. 
 Since the market affiliate rule looks at business units rather than the function within the business unit (or any firewalls that are set up), since he works for ECT I have to say I would be uncomfortable putting him on the distribution list.  I know that he has access to the same info, but to give him access to our work product is probably a violation of the rule.  I am out of town, but if you have any questions please e-mail or leave me a voice mail, and I will reply after my hearing today. 
 Approved. 
 Christine, this looks fine to me.  Please circulate to the appropriate people for approval with a notation that Appendix or Exhibit whatever provides that the quantity goes to zero during Apr-Oct.  If you need to reach me, I'll be logged in from about 9 to 10 a.m. your time before I go to our hearing here in SF.  Sorry for the late response; it's been a little crazy out here! 
 Tried to print a blank form without success.  Is there any other way I can get one, so I can do some rough drafts of my reviews on my business trip next week.  Please advise. 
 In response to your inquiries about whether TW's tariff allows the format posting, bidding and awarding of capacity in our EnronOnline proposal, here is my 2 cents' worth.  The criteria for awarding capacity is found in the Right of First Refusal section of TW's tariff (for some reason that's never been clear to me). See Section 13.A. (Sheet No. 18):  "All available capacity shall be allocated under these procedures, and Transporter will not maintain a firm transportation queue."  The ROFR section does specify the posting and bidding procedures (including a minimum one month period between posting and the bid deadline -- See Section 13.D.) but arguably these timelines only apply to the ROFR bidding process, not to an open season for other capacity.  Even if the one-month minimum bid period did apply outside the ROFR process, the EnronOnline proposal complies by giving shippers at least a month to submit bids (Tony -- am I right about this?).  The only other relevant part of our tariff is the EBB/Internet section of the General Terms and Conditions (beginning on Sheet No. 72).   TW will continue to comply with all provisions in this section.  The section even specifically provides that shippers may request service and contract electronically.  I've found nothing in else in TW's tariff that would appear to address an online open season one way or the other.  I believe our tariff gives us the flexibility to sell capacity online as we've proposed to do.  Hope this helps.  If you want to discuss this I'll be here most of the day, and I will be reachable by e-mail while I'm in San Francisco next week.  My hearing does not start 'til noon Houston time on Tuesday, so if we need to talk Tuesday morning you can reach me at my hotel (415.398.1234). 
 Received your message.  Do we want to file a response to PNM's protest?  It basically contains the same arguments they launched at our 637 filing, and we did not file an answer to that. 
 Well, I wanted you to have something to open ON your birthday. Greetings from San Francisco! I'm told we're having "earthquake weather" today.  Don't know what that means, but it sounds scary! Hi to K. and G.! 
 Steve, attached for your reading pleasure is the testimony we've filed in the GIR proceeding. 
 Mike, please see the attached.  The first document has Transwestern's revisions highlighted.  If this meets with your approval, please execute two originals and send them to me.  Please call me if you have any questions.    Susan Scott Transwestern Pipeline Company 1400 Smith St., Room 4788 Houston, TX 77007 (713) 853-0596 
 When the Commission granted Texas Eastern authority to hold capacity on another pipeline in Texas Eastern Transmission Corporation, 74 FERC P 61,074 (1996), it stated that when a pipeline holds capacity on an upstream pipeline, the downstream pipeline's customers may hold title to the gas transported on the upstream pipeline.  The Commission recognized this as one of the limited exceptions to the shipper must have title rule.  Specifically, the Commission stated:  The downstream pipeline will not hold title to gas shipped on capacity it has acquired on an upstream pipeline. Rather, shippers on the downstream pipeline will hold title to the gas on the upstream pipeline. We will allow a pipeline to hold the upstream capacity; we will not, however, allow the pipeline to hold title to the gas being shipped.  Thus, the downstream pipeline will be the shipper on the upstream pipeline, but will not hold title when the gas is being shipped. This results in a limited exception to the rule that a shipper must hold title to gas being shipped.  I believe that if we can address the Commission's other concerns about this filing, they will grant a similar waiver for this transaction.  You can feel free to pass this along to your contact at PNM. 
 Tony & Frazier -- several comments from TW Commercial.  Page 1:  Streamlined Credit -- what does "interested parties" mean? parties interested in bidding, or parties interested in us having a look at their credit ?  Probably need to make this clear; on first reading, looks like obtaining credit approval ahead of time is optional.  (Don't we want everyone to get approval ahead of bidding?).  Page 2:  you state that "individual bid transactions are kept confidential." What is confidential:  the identity of the shipper?  the bid itself?  In TW's IOS, we post the individual bids as they come in, but do not post the name of the shipper.  We feel that the posting of the dollar amount bids helps us get a higher rate as shippers bid against each other, and likewise recommend online bids be posted in real time.  I notice you call them "sealed bids" on page 4 -- not true if we're going to show them.  Page 3:  why not request a little more emphatically that shippers establish creditworthiness at least several days in advance of bidding?  Especially since we plan to attract brand-new shippers by offering this service.  Our credit dept. folks would probably appreciate not having to do it all between 2 and 4 on bid day.  If we're asking that shippers submit bids to 3 decimal places, our example should be to 3 decimal places (e.g., $0.351).  Page 7:  "an" Capacity Trading Agreement should be "a" Capacity Trading Agreement.  Page 8:  So we don't appear low-tech, let's go ahead and tell shippers we plan to have the Request for Service and the service agreement available for online submittal at some point in the near future.  Also, we've never asked shippers to submit a Request for Service with each bid.  A shipper may bid and re-bid several times over the bidding process. They really only need to submit the Request for Service at the time of, or prior to, the first bid.  I recommend stating "You must submit a Request for Service prior to making your initial bid" so they don't think they have to submit a new one every time they revise their bid.  Page 9:  Under "When TW will Respond":  need to specify how notification will be sent.  Page 14:  Column that says "Price" should say "Rate" (for a second there we thought you were talking about gas prices).  Also, please use example rates that are more realistic for TW (in the $0.240 to $0.299 would be great...)  Thanks for all your hard work on this.  I'll be here if you have any questions. 
 Please see the attached in connection with sales of capacity options on TW. 
 Elizabeth -- As we discussed, billing will need to take place pursuant to Section 30.8(e) (i.e., refund or credit to the releasing shipper).  Here is the language you requested for our posting:  In accordance with Section 30.9(f) of the General Terms and Conditions of Transwestern's Tariff, Releasing Shipper shall remain liable to Transwestern for payment of reservation charges and any applicable surcharges.  If you need anything further please don't hesitate to call. 
 On Friday the Commission issued an order suspending (until October 15, 2000) TW's tariff sheets for acquiring PNM capacity, and calling for a technical conference.  The Commission stated that while TW's proposal may be in the public interest, further investigation of the issues, including those raised by Dynegy in its protest, is necessary prior to authorization.  The order does not make clear what issues are to be investigated, but they seem to include:  whether TW will, in effect, become a marketer for PNM's services, whether the rates are just and reasonable and whether there is any expansion of monopoly power.  Additionally, the Commission noted that while PNM has certificate (i.e., public convenience & necessity) authority to transport gas in interstate commerce, PNM will "have to either explain how it has appropriate rate authority for transportation of natural gas in interstate commerce, or seek appropriate rate authority from the Commission."   Lorraine has forwarded a copy of the order to PNM so that they can begin taking the appropriate steps.  I will talk with regulatory about technical conference dates and will tell you when I have further information.  If you would like a copy of the order, let me know. 
 Lynn -- FYI, here is my draft of the fuel filing for TW.  This is very much a work in progress and we're having a meeting tomorrow to discuss logistics. We've invited Darrell and Richard to the meeting; if there is anyone else you think we should include just let me know. 
 Steve and Lindy, as I mentioned in our staff meeting, it is probably not=20 going to be possible to solve our max rate cap dilemma by making a tariff= =20 filing unless we can 1) get FERC to change its mind about its policy that= =20 recourse rates always be available as an alternative to negotiated rates or= =20 2) prove that Transwestern lacks market power and should therefore be allow= ed=20 to charge market based rates.  The following is a very brief outline of what would be required to prove la= ck=20 of market power.  A warning:  lack of market power is very difficult to=20 prove.  Koch, a pipeline that most in the industry would agree does lack=20 market power, tried and failed.  The deck is already stacked against us in= =20 TW's case given the withholding of capacity by El Paso's affiliate and the= =20 price conditions in California.  However, we do need to analyze the=20 possibilities for TW, if not to the Cal. border, then on other parts of our= =20 system.  Additionally, we need to discuss acceptable incentives for shipper= s=20 to pay negotiated rates if we do not end up changing our tariff.  Would you be availabile on Tuesday to discuss this?  Please let me know.  I= n=20 the meantime, here is a summary of FERC's policy on market based rates.  ***  To obtain authority to charge market based rates, TW would first have to=20 request a declaratory order, and in its application provide information=20 showing it meets the requirements outlined below.  If the Commission finds= =20 all requirements have been met, it will issue an order and TW would then ma= ke=20 the appropriate tariff filing to put market based rates into effect. =20 Application for declaratory order must include:  1.  Detailed description of the services proposed for market-based rate=20 treatment.  I assume in our case it would be firm transportation service.  2.  A statement defining the relevant product and geographic markets=20 necessary for establishing the applicant lacks market power with respect to= =20 the services at issue.  The Commission requires a narrow definition of the= =20 market=01("firm transportation" is probably narrow enough, but for our purp= oses=20 we might want to narrow it down more (i.e., firm transportation East of=20 Thoreau).  We have to define substitute services available to shippers=01(o= ther=20 pipelines are a "good substitute" only if shippers can obtain the same=20 quality of service on a timely basis, and if the other pipelines offer such= =20 service at a price that would deter TW from raising its prices more than=20 10%.  All relevant "origin markets" must be defined (Panhandle; West Texas)= =20 as well as "destination markets," and alternatives for shippers in those=20 markets identified.  Transportation alternatives are only good alternatives= =20 if they provide a netback to shippers that is roughly the same as if they= =20 used TW.  Note that the Commission has rejected capacity release as a good= =20 alternative since it does not guarantee a shipper its desired contract=20 quantity.  3.  Market share and HHI calculations; discussion of other relevant=20 competitive factors.  Commission looks at size of market share, mitigating= =20 factors such as ease of entry, and market concentration as measured by HHI.= =20 Market concentration has to be calculated for each relevant receipt point a= nd=20 delivery point.  HHI is calculated by adding up the total market share and= =20 squaring it.  There is a presumption of no ease of entry for transportation= =20 services  because of the expense involved in constructing facilities.  4.  Proposal for accounting for costs and revenues. 
 Edd, looks like the gas industry restructuring thing is going to bring me to SF next Tues. thru Thurs., then May 29 thru June 2.  I had thought about going for the whole Memorial Day weekend, but Bill's going to be in Boston the following weekend, so I now think that June 3 - 4 would be the better weekend for me to hang out in Cali.  It's all sort of loosey-goosey anyway because the judge has not announced the order in which witnesses will be presented.  I think she forgets some of us are from out of town!  Makes it really hard to plan.  I'll know for sure by the 25th.  Thank goodness for refundable airline tickets.  Anyway, are going to be around that 1st weekend of June?  And -- might you be available for dinner next Tuesday or Wednesday?  These guys like to talk business well into the evening hours, but my interest starts to wane near suppertime and I could probably make excuses and leave.  Bill and I took a whirlwind trip to Arizona a couple of weekends ago.  He was in Bullhead City, of all places, where his uncle has a vacation home.  I joined him a few days later in Vegas.  Luckily he had been to Laughlin 2 nights in a row and had gotten blackjack out of his system.  We set out for Sedona but first had to stop at Hoover Dam, then a diner in Kingman (on Route 66 of course).  Stayed a couple of nights in Sedona, where we climbed lots of rocks (which we later found out were protected nature preserve areas -- oops) and got real dusty and sunburned.  Then we drove up to the Grand Canyon and hung out at the South Rim.  Actually, we climbed down Bright Angel Trail & back up, then drove straight to the Las Vegas airport, from which we took the redeye so Bill could make it to his trial the next day.    I would really love to spend more time in the Grand Canyon -- maybe not this fall, but the next.  Ciao fo' now, and lots of soul  S. 
 In case you do not have my draft of the filing, here it is. 
 Hi Mum!  I had a fun time this weekend.  It was good to have everyone together.  Glad K&J are relaxing about Mema and the baby.  She gets such a kick out of seeing her.  Thanks for the new clothes; I still can't believe we let you shop for us on Mother's Day weekend!  Got a message that Lois came by and got the dishes.  Earlier when I was in a meeting she left a voice mail saying she wasn't sure what exit to use off of 610.  Wish they lived closer and I could have just stopped by.  Had another sleepless night Sun. and finally took some Unisom and had a good night's sleep last night.  What a relief.  I have really never had this problem before.  It's good to have a lot of energy, but you have to shut down sometime.  Am sending you my travel schedule for next week.  The following week (May 29 - June 2) I'm planning to be in SF also, but I'm not sure I'll actually have to be there that long.  Have a good afternoon!  Love, Sooz 
 Ashley -- here is a lease renewal letter.  Pumpkin is welcome to stay over at your place.  In fact, if you or Deron need me to check in on her at any time, walk her, etc., you really should not hesitate to call me (713-864-4960)!  I love dogs and wish I could justify having one! 
 I have been working with Ramona and Lorraine to make system adjustments to TW's LFT arising from conclusions made at a Northern LFT meeting a few weeks ago.  One change that has been called for is that if a Limited Day is called (for now let's say a total Limited Day, without notifying shippers of any percentages), no LFT can flow at any time during that day but the LFT shipper would have the option to flow IT to the extent space is available.  If a Limited Day were called notifying shippers that only a certain percentage would flow, LFT shippers would be able to flow that percentage, and the rest could be scheduled IT.  Drew latched onto this when I mentioned it to him and wanted to debate this change with me.  As currently configured, TW's system would allow LFT shippers to put in nominations on a Limited Day, and if any LFT capacity were in fact available that LFT would be scheduled.  Similarly, if TW were to notify shippers of a partial Limited Day (say 50%), and 60% of the capacity in fact became available, TW's system (today) would allow LFT shippers to put their nominations in and flow 60%, not limit them to 50%.   TW's tariff language appears suitably vague to allow this --  a Limited Day is defined as a day on which TW may choose not to schedule service in whole or in part, and the billing section has a provision for Limited Days on which any quantity of gas is transported.  Our question was whether, by changing TW's LFT system as described in the first paragraph, we wouldn't be leaving some firm transportation revenue on the table (because the IT rate is generally lower than our firm rate).  If so, is the change necessary for some other reason?   Please let me know what you think.  SS 
 Ted, please see if they will agree to Texas law (see last paragraph).  If not, let me know. Otherwise, this looks fine.  SS 
 Please ignore my previous e-mail which included the wrong attachment. 
 Your "courtesy copy" of the draft I sent to MK, Drew and Shelley.  We'll put our heads together and come up with a final version. 
 Here's a draft of a research memo on options.  While I am hopeful that we can overcome FERC's policy on reservation of capacity, our arguments obviously need to be developed a little more before we can do that.  I know the business folks are anxious to hear our strategy.  I would appreciate your comments on the attached. 
 I'll just get with Ramona in the a.m. and see when she can meet & we'll go from there. 
 Noon to 3 our time... 
 Hi Mum!  I'm up for birthday celebration this weekend.  Can you believe I actually have a gift for Jim already?  I'll try to get there as early as I can tomorrow.  Bill will not be coming with me because he has too much work piled up, including clients to visit in jail!  My first priority is sleep as I have not gotten much this week -- I keep waking up in the middle of the night; it's miserable.  To make things worse, I think a ghost has appeared to Goo.  She is really freaked out about something, pacing around and acting like she hears things.  Gabby is her usual self.  How's the pool?  I'll bring my suit just in case...  Love, Sooz 
 Thought you'd be interested in this. 
 Hi Brian!  How nice to hear from you.  Congrats on being an uncle.  Scott is a good-looking baby!  Yes, I'm pretty psyched about little Grayson; she is a sweetie!  Karin and Jim are anxious to give me a refresher course on babysitting skills.  I told them that when my niece is old enough to understand the command "Go find your shoes and I'll help you put them on," I'll be happy to take her off their hands for a weekend!  I too am in no rush to have kids.  While my boyfriend is a great guy and loves children, somehow I just can't imagine him hanging around the house helping with diapers!  I am so glad you're enjoying Tampa.  Picking up and moving can be a great thing sometimes.  I will never regret leaving Austin for Houston.  There is just so much here I enjoy doing and my social life is a whole lot better. The job is absolutely crazy.  If you ever watch "ER," that is usually what my day looks like, only without all the blood!  Here at Enron Gas Pipeline Group I work as the only lawyer for a very busy commercial team.  We sit in an open work area and it is chaotic every day.  But it's a good crash course in business for me, and my clients are wonderful.  Do take some study breaks and keep in touch!  E-mail is a wonderful thing.  Time to hit the tennis courts.  Love, Susan 
 Rich - Dave and I were just discussing whether a period less than 12 months would be appropriate (see language below), given that dereg. may bring some changes we want to take advantage of.  It's basically your call:  if SPS were to terminate our contract, how much time would we need to negotiate a replacement? 
 What if we replace Section 2 with something like "This Agreement shall continue in effect unless and until terminated pursuant to Section 3,"  and replace Section 3 with "Either Party may terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the other Party not less than twelve (12) months prior to the intended date of termination."  Sound OK?  if so I'll add it to my draft. 
 P.S. -- Dave, on your wish list you had included an evergreen provision.  See Section 2 of the original contract, which gives TW the right to extend for another five-year term by giving notice to SPS.  If TW does not give such notice, SPS may cancel the contract, and if it doesn't, the contract automatically rolls over for another year.  If this is not acceptable please let me know. 
 Rich and Dave, attached are my suggested revisions to Mike McLeod's draft of an amendment to the original electric service agreement.  Dave, I'll bring you a copy of that agreement.  Rich, if Mike did not send you one, let me know and I will fax it to you.  In my revisions, I've attempted to reflect the least cost billing you described to me, using terminology I read in the tariff.  Please let me know if it looks alright to you.  I'm available to discuss this whenever you are, then I will make sending this to Mike top priority.  My sincerest apologies for the delay; there has been more chaos around here than I am accustomed to handling, and I appreciate your patience.  Susan x30596 
 Hi there!  I was not able to launch the photo but was able to see it in "View" mode on my Lotus Notes.  What a pretty girl!  I assume you'll be in Austin for Mother's Day?  Let me know.  I was thinking of cooking brunch if the whole gang is going to be there, but if it is just me and Mum maybe we'll just go out.  I have no idea what to buy her!  must do some shopping today or tomorrow.  Trivia time:  last night I went to the Astros game with some people from work.  One guy brought his girlfriend, Thani-ta, who is from Thailand.  She likes to eat at Nit Noi when she is in town!  She told me she has a dog called Nit Noi, which means "little bit."  Now you know!  Have a good day; hope to see you in Austin.  Love, proud auntie sooz 
 We need to start a new "bucket" file called Direct Testimony.  Then please watch the mail and do a folder for each prepared testimony as they come in. Thank you! 
 Hi Mum!  The trip was pretty exhausting.  Friday we saw Hoover Dam, had lunch at a great diner in Kingman (on Route 66!) and rolled into Sedona around 5. Climbed around the red rocks of Sedona all day on Saturday, sat by the pool in the afternoon and I did some shopping.   Sunday we drove to Grand Canyon and did part of the Bright Angel trail.  That was pretty strenuous but definitely worth it.  Wish we could have made it a longer trip but we had Bill's trial schedule to deal with.  I'll spare you the details of my trip home -- suffice it to say I didn't make it back to Houston until about noon yesterday and have a $200 travel voucher for my trouble.  I will definitely come to Austin next weekend but probably will not get in until later on Saturday.  How about a homemade (by Chef Sooz) brunch on Sunday a.m.?  Have to run to a meeting ... for race info, I would try a search for Texaco or Texaco Gran(d?) Prix on the Internet.  I know that Texaco probably has it on their website.  If you don't find anything let me know. Love, Sooz 
 FYI 
 Bummer.  Too bad all of us are captive to Eric's schedule. Bill and I enjoyed our too-short trip to the GC.  We hiked down Bright Angel trail to the second rest stop, which was plenty for me.  It was pretty hot. Wish we could have stuck around longer but Bill had to be back for a trial. Talk about restrictive travel schedules. I was thinking about you and Karin and wanting to take your customary nature trips...you know, when Grayson is a little older, we could go on some trips and just take turns staying at the hotel/cabin with her while everyone else goes hiking/climbing/whatever.  You might have to pay for extra hotel days that way, but at least you would get to go.  In the meantime, what about staying in one place for a week or so -- a beach house, for example.  Eric permitting, I think it would be fun to get everyone together in Florida or Colorado sometime within the next year. My car is ready at the shop.  Yay! Ciao, Sus. 
 Lorraine:  here's Keith's brief response to your question about increasing capacity without changing the service factor or making other mods to the Gallup compressor.  Let me know where we need to go from here. *** Susan, my understanding is that the capacity west to the California border is a certificated amount (1090 MMcf/d).  If in any way we try to change the certificated amount of capacity (firm capacity), we will need to file.  TW is different than NNG, in that TW certificates capacity rather than facilities. Arnold's idea of using a pressure commitment would still require a filing. Please let me know, if we need to discuss further.  Keith 
 FYI 
 FYI 
 Here is the quick & dirty.  None of the Gallup contracts contain a shipper out if the facilities are not placed in service by a certain date.  The respective obligations of the parties do not commence until the facilities are "tested and placed in service."  We notified our shippers by telephone yesterday that the facilities were in service.  The compressor has since been taken down because of excessive vibration and an unusual whining noise of undetermined origin. EE&CC does not know how long it will take to correct the problems; they do not have enough information yet to even give an estimate.  Based on our experience with Hubbard, it could take months to correct the problem.  Today, we've been able to deliver all nominated gas simply because noms did not exceed our existing capacity.  Nominations are expected to exceed existing capacity this week, in which case we will have to allocate.  Given the uncertainty involved, from a PR standpoint I believe it would be best to tell the customers that because of unforeseen circumstances we are not in service after all, that we apologize for the mistake and will do our best to provide service on a daily or interruptible basis.    When the compressor is actually tested and really in service, we'll let them know. The downside:  we get no reservation charge at all.  (estimated loss: $25,000/month) The upside:  in the long run we probably save face with our customers.  From a short-term economic standpoint, the better choice appears to be not to revoke our "in-service" announcement.  When summer weather kicks in, we'll probably have to allocate every day.  On our EBB we will have to give some reason for the allocation (or if we don't, shippers will demand an explanation anyway).  Shippers' rights to a reservation refund will be triggered. The downside:  shippers will never trust us again.  Also, we could be subject to fraud or related causes of action for representing the compressor was "in service" when we knew it was not. The upside:  on the off chance no one files a lawsuit and wins, we might at least get to keep some of the reservation charges owed us, to the extent deliveries don't fall below 75% of nominated quantities for a period of longer than 75 days in months other than July and August this summer.  (In July and August, we don't get any reservation charge for amounts not delivered).  We just need to keep in mind that normally the pipeline runs full in the summer months, and Gallup capacity was sold with that assumption in mind.  Haven't had time to do a formal write-up; if you want me to turn this into a memo for wider distribution, let me know.  For now, I think it's important to get a decision on one of the above options.  The longer we wait to get information to our shippers, the bigger our customer relations problem will be. 
 We do not really have anything that specific, but I could at least point out that the San Juan lateral is fully subscribed. 
 Please see the attached and let me know your comments by Wednesday a.m. if possible. 
 Yes, I will send you a draft shortly. 
 Steve's new idea is to send a letter to Mark asking him to document/explain exactly what his role was in getting this deal.  Comments?  Not sure I care one way or the other, but after I see how it looks in writing, I'll have a better idea of whether this is how we should approach it.  Multi-tasking heavily today.  I'll send you a draft of our PNM answer to Dynegy protest by close of business. 
 Keith, last week you and I discussed briefly Facilities Planning's proposal to change the service factor on the Gallup compressor in order to increase capacity.  I believe you had concluded that a certificate application would be necessary.  Now Arnold Eisenstein is asking me (thru our commercial people) whether we would still have to make a filing if our certificated capacity could be increased without any physical modification to the compressor -- in other words, through a pressure commitment.  My initial impression is yes, we would have to make a filing.  Am I out of my mind? Does this make sense?  Please advise. 
 Jeff -- good wrap-up.  May I forward to MKM and Drew? 
 Drew, I wanted you to be aware of a potential dispute with regard to our consultant, Mark Baldwin of IGS.  Our consulting agreement with IGS (which has now terminated) provided for a flat fee, plus an incentive fee calculated using the net present value of any contract "identified by IGS" and entered into during the term of the consulting agreement.  During the term of the agreement, TW entered into its Gallup Expansion agreement with Southern.  IGS is now claiming it brought in the deal and so is entitled to an incentive fee.  While it is undisputed that Mark discussed the deal with Southern, Southern was also on Lorraine's list of shippers to contact for Gallup Expansion capacity.  Also, the capacity was posted for all to see.  So, while Mark can certainly claim he "identified" the deal, he was not alone in doing so.  Steve is going to call Mark in response to his letter (after he talks to Lorraine to verify facts).  Our thinking is that if we offer IGS some money they will be happy.  We would really like to preserve what has been a good working relationship with this consultant.   On the other hand, I think we could probably take the position that they are not entitled to any incentive fee.  However, since the contract is silent as to whether IGS has to be the only party bringing in the deal in order to qualify for the incentive fee, this position is not as strong as I'd like it to be, and IGS might sue TW. The amount in dispute could be as much as $200,000, depending on what rate we use in calculating net present value.  If you have any problem with our offering to pay part of the incentive fee to IGS, let me know.  I think it will be very important for Steve not to admit that Mark helped in any way in getting the deal -- just in case they do decide to take us to court. 
 You asked whether current contract approval procedures require the marketers to get Legal's approval on all transportation contracts.  The answer is no. If you look at the ET&S policy on authority to grant transportation and storage discounts (I can fax it to you if you don' t have it), there is a column for "Pre-approved Terms" and one for "Non Pre-Approved Terms". Contracts that are not on a pre-approved form always have to have the Legal Dept's approval.  Contracts on pre-approved forms with a total discount (for the entire contract term) of less than $1.2 million do not need Legal's approval; those above the threshold do. Does that make sense?  As far as I know our marketers have been following this.  I spoke with TK and she is aware of the policy, and she is also aware that she needs to show me any contract that deviates from our standard language.  She has also discussed this with Steve Harris recently to make sure he's comfortable with the policy.  If we need to discuss this further please let me know. 
 Last month Lindy and I began looking into adding a provision to TW's tariff allowing shippers to elect to purchase fuel gas from TW.  There is good precedent for this and I think it would be fairly easy to accomplish as long as we don't try to make the purchase of fuel from TW mandatory (see the attached memo).  Mary Kay, as you and I discussed, we will need to address the fuel overrecovery issue before moving forward with this. 
 Frank and Steve, see the attached.  My theory, which is based on our experience with the Gallup compressor, is that we could enter into a joint ownership and operating agreement with Agave, and as long as we convince the Commission that the agreements give TW sufficient control over the operation of the facility to ensure FERC regs are complied with, they will be OK with the joint ownership -- and not try to assert jurisdiction over Agave (a gathering company).  Although it seems likely that other pipelines have entered into such arrangements, I've not found any cases on point here.  Do you agree with my conclusion?  Any other ideas or insights?  Please let me know.  Thanks. 
 Here it is.  Please let me know your comments today.  Thanks. 
 Hey there, enjoyed hearing about your shopping adventures!  Just a quick note to say that Bill will be coming with me this weekend, so Mema will have more than enough entertainment.  Tell Jim to bring his tennis gear and if the weather cooperates we can play.  He would probably enjoy hitting with Bill.  Saw Bruce Springsteen last night, even though I'm really not much of a fan. Ann really wanted to go, and I knew it would be a good show (which it was). He played for 3 hours and needless to say I'm pretty worthless this a.m.  Look forward to seeing you soon.  S. 
 Please see the attached.  AA is now unsure about what we should say here (a= s=20 am I).  Can you help?  Thanks. 
 As you know, we recently did an east-to-east deal with USGT for 400,000 MMBtu/day with alternate rights to California at a higher rate.  SoCal filed a protest and I'm working on the response.  In part, they are alleging that TW is "attempting to exploit a weakness" in the GISB procedures to the detriment of existing customers.  For example, under TW's tariff (which they concede is GISB compliant), primary firm cannot bump alt. firm in cycle 2.  SoCal says this means that any primary shipper attempting to deliever to an in-path alt. point will be unable to re-nominate to its primary point once this "alternate" capacity [I assume they mean USGT's] is confirmed.  According to SoCal this will substantially limit shippers' flexibility, including the ability to use market area pooling. Once gas is nominated thru a pool its subsequent movement to a delivery point is defined as an al. delivery regardless of the rights of the capacity under which it moves.  Thus by manipulating the GISB cycle process, TW and USGT will bump firm shippers.  I could really use your help in responding to this argument.  (First of all, I'm not sure I even understand it!)  If either of you have a few minutes today or tomorrow when we could get together, that would be great.  Also -- you two were the first to come to mind, but feel free to refer me to someone else in your group if you are swamped.  Please e-mail or call when you get a chance... Thanks! Susan (x30596) 
 ??? 
 See the attached.  The proceeding certainly isn't over, but I think the parties have done a great job of submitting a settlement that the Commission will eventually approve, provided the parties present sufficient evidence to support such a decision.  (Unfortunately, we expect the settlement to be protested.)  Direct testimony is due May 5.  To streamline things, the parties are going to consolidate efforts and have divided up the testimony by topic.  Of course Transwestern got the Hector Road issue.  I plan to put Mr. Fawcett on as a witness.  Our issue is not particularly controversial anymore, so I do not anticipate rigorous cross-examination; nevertheless, I will probably ask your assistance in preparing the witness for the hearing, which begins May 30. 
 I'm dialling in from home -- got the bug that's going around the office. I'll call you in a few... 
 Glen:  I think this will be fine.  Please add the word "Company" after "Transwestern Pipeline" on the list of parties.  Thanks; we sincerely appreciate your efforts on this settlement.  Susan Scott 
 Glen, I'm faxing you Transwestern's signature page and declaration.  An electronic version of the declaration is attached. 
 Vanessa, I checked with Bill, and the very unsatisfying answer to your question is that it totally depends on how Greg divided the community property with his ex.  He agreed with me that a will is a good idea in any case because you can arrange things so that you avoid legal proceedings and save a lot in taxes!  Our friend Tony Maluski does probate work:  I believe his number is 713-228-7401.  He's a nice guy and I believe him to be competent; however, I think it is a good idea to shop around when you're doing something routine like a will or an uncontested divorce, so I'd advise calling several lawyers and see who you like best and who will give you the best deal.  If I can find some other names/numbers for you, I will.  Hope this helps! 
 I'm available Tuesday also -- just let me know. 
 you still there? 
 Attached is a draft of the Declaration of Jeffery Fawcett.  If you have comments, please let me know.  Susan Scott Transwestern Pipeline Company susan.scott@enron.com (713) 853-0596 
 pull out your settlement matrix and see if this SA agrees with that document.  I don't necessarily think it does.  Didn't we basically agree to disagree and/or deal with this issue outside the settlement process?  Are you saying that Edison can reserve capacity in the same manner as Core and 50% of noncore, but at the approx. 7.9 cent rate?  HEY, WAIT A MINUTE.... is this language saying that they can convert the VALUE of their capacity rights to a capacity contract at the point?  For example, if Edison has 200/d at 1 cent Wheeler access fee, they could conver it to approx. 25/d at the full 7.9 cent rate?  Let's get clarification!!! 
 Rob, Look at the conforming languange in the Appendix "A" last page, last paragraph.  You know that this language was negotiated by and between SoCalGas and Edison.  My main concern is that its very, very open ended... almost a contingent liability for all settlement parties.  Jeff 
 Mark, Susan and I are online in her office if you need to shoot us a quick note. Otherwise, blah, blah, blah...... 
 Rob, This is Jeff.  I'm with Susan in her office listening to the call.  Hey bud, LANDMINE!  Look at the new SoCalGas language respecting the Edison/SDG&E contract in Section 1.9.  Whadaythink?  Write back at this address!  Are you going to raise the issue? 
 Let's plan on Friday before Christmas!  And Craig will join us, I'm sure. Please stay over at my place that night.  That way you would not have to worry about driving all the way back to Tomball after partying downtown -- and we'd get to visit longer! Right now I'm home with some nasty bug that's been going around the office. It is a big drag.  Sheila came down with pneumonia right after Thanksgiving, and had to be hospitalized!  I think I should count myself lucky I only have the office bug.  She is back home now, and begging me not to make the trip to Austin.  Sounds like she is feeling a lot better. We're having a surprise party for Craig's 40th on Friday!  I don't know whether he suspects anything... Time for more cough medicine! 
 I'm a man trapped in a woman's body... not really, this is Jeff Fawcett in Susan's office.  We're on a conference call with SoCalGas right now talking about the settlement document.  Would you guys pull-up the attached file, "Primary Rights 4-12.doc" and look it over, with particular reference to the section titled, "Scheduling Priority?"  I think we're OK here, but I don't want to agree to anything that we can't administer on our side of the meter or that just doesn't make sense.  We're down to the final telecon on this subject, and all changes need to be sent over to SoCalGas ASAP.  Will you take a quick look and send Susan a note saying thumbs up or down?  Thanks a bunch. 
 Hi there!  How's the little buglet doing?  It was good to see you last week, and I feel honored that I got to accompany Grayson on her first restaurant mission.  Hopefully the french-fry smell did not throw her off her feeding schedule to badly.  Got a message from Mema wanting to discuss the baby's bottle habits.  Pu-lease!  If it's OK with everyone I will try to bring Bill at Easter as a distraction.  This weekend I am supposed to drive to Austin to pick up Bill and his friends (aka Team Slacker) at the end of the MS 150.  I'll be driving someone's SUV. If manners and general treatment of the trainer/driver (by Bill and the owner of the SUV) do not improve, however, Team Slacker will be taking the bus home.  Do you remember Rob Carty from high school?  I just saw him at a seminar given by Akin Gump for in-house lawyers.  He works for Exxon/Mobil now.  I barely recognized him because he has gotten so hefty!  Thought you would enjoy the following brief excerpt from today's Wall Street Journal:  *** Big Boy's Adventures in Thailand  With his checkered overalls, cowlick curl and penchant for double-burgers, Big Boy seemed an unlikely fit for Bangkok.  "People thought he was a little, well, creepy," says Peter Smythe, the head franchiser for Big Boy restaurants in Thailand, dusting off his giant Big Boy statue on Bangkok's main thoroughfare.  "They kept asking me, 'Is he a Chinese Ronald McDonald?'"  Eventually, a few Thai visitors decided Big Boy was a religious icon and laid bowls of rice and incense at his feet. ***  Take care and drop me a line when you can.  Love, Sooz 
 FYI:  This morning, Lorraine and I checked with PNM and surprisingly they do not offer any kind of IT transportation service, just firm service.  So our final revisions to the cover letter do not include acquiring interruptible service from PNM, since it's impossible to do so. 
 Interesting.  I seem to remember that under Texas law, everything goes to the surviving spouse.  Any community property issues between Greg and ex should have been settled in the divorce proceedings.  But it's been a while since I looked -- I will ask Bill for a second opinion.  In any event, a will is a good idea, especially when kids are involved.  If, God forbid, the worst should happen, you can bet that ex + kids would make life even more difficult for you in what would already be a tough time!  Bill doesn't do wills but he could probably recommend someone who would do a will for cheap. 
 Drew, I'll fax you the information on the "Be a Spokesmodel...or Just Look Like One" course they offer here in the Houston office. 
 Shelley -- I'm going to the game but should be back in the office after 5 pm today if you want to chat.  x30596. 
 For the record, I have read Judge Biren's ruling, and contrary to what people might have said in the conference call on Friday, it is silent on the topics of the testimony schedule and the presentation of arguments.  The three-sentence e-mail from Biren simply requests that the parties attend the PHC at which time she will rule on the motion, and states that she might issue a further ruling prior to the PHC.  I think it is probably fair to expect she may solicit brief comments from representatives of the parties at the PHC. 
 Here is the breakdown of 1999 PCB decontamination costs for TW:  Topock mods   $4,675,000 PG&E sample taps  $     90,000 PG&E filter separator  $   600,000 Remove PG&E filter separator $     10,000  If you need the costs broken down in more detail, or need more information, please give me a call at x30596. 
 Do we have an estimate of PCB decontamination costs for 2000?  AA is asking... 
 Aurora, I do not think we have estimated the costs for 2000 because what we will have to do as far as containment of PCBs this year is the subject of some dispute.  I will get you a breakdown of 1999 costs as soon as possible. 
 Frazier tells me he's available.  How about 11:45 at Little Pappasito's on Kirby @ Richmond? 
 Not at all!  Fawcett's the antsy one; he is anxious to use his new honorary law degree (ahem!). I agree it would be risky to indicate our wholehearted support of a settlement when the agreement has yet to be written.  It would be like giving SoCal a signed blank check (that's carte blancheto us lawyers), and we don't trust them that much. Once we've signed a real agreement, I do want to file something in support. I'm just trying to plan ahead, is all. 
 Brian:  Transwestern Pipeline Company asks that it be included on list of parties to the Motion for Modification of the Procedural Schedule, with the following footnote:  Transwestern supports the portions of the settlement proposal pertaining to transmission rights, and the designation of primary and secondary rights described on Appendix A.  Transwestern does not oppose the other parts of the settlement.  Susan Scott Transwestern Pipeline Company (713) 853-0596 sscott3@enron.com 
 See the attached.  Enron Corp. has already authorized Brian Cherry to add Enron to the list of parties at the end of the document.  I recommend TW do the same.  I propose that we ask Brian to add TW to the list, with a footnote that we support the transmission proposal only and do not oppose the other parts of the term sheet.  (I propose this out of an abundance of caution because in one part of the document Brian states the parties have agreed on comprehensive settlement, but later in the document he states that the parties aren't fully committed yet.)  If he will not agree to do this, then I would suggest we leave TW off the list and file a letter with the CPUC along the lines of what I circulated yesterday, with additional language supporting the motion for extension of time.  Let me know what you think. 
 Hi Mum!  No, tickets were hard to come by.  Tried to get some they released a couple of weeks ago, but didn't realize everyone would send their secretaries and interns downstairs to hold places in line!  I'm sure the VPs will get tired of going to the games, and start giving tickets away.  Tonight is the big CAM gala.  Bill was in trial all week and had no time to go shopping, or even to get measured for an ordinary tux rental, so he borrowed one from Andre (who owns 4).  Andre is a couple of inches shorter than Bill.  Depending on the overall look, I may or may not acknowledge that Bill is my date.  My 60's dress I got at Wear It Again Sam looks fabulous. It is a sleeveless gown with an empire waist; the top is maroon velvet and the rest is very heavy pink satin.  Since it wraps in the back I was able to move the hooks over to get it to fit.  Dress was $38 but it cost $35 to get it hemmed!  Ann and I were considering asking Mema to do our hair, but I'm really going to be pressed for time this afternoon.  Too bad the party is not on a Saturday.  Our plans for the rest of this weekend are still up in the air.  What are you doing the weekend of the 16th?  Bill has signed up for the MS150 again that weekend.  If you are free that weekend why don't I plan to come either Fri. or Sat. a.m.  Let me know.  Our law conference begins Thurs. a.m. in San Antonio.  Dot (Staci's boss) is having a party at her house on Lake McQueeney on Wednesday, so I'm driving Frazier and Tony in the Dentmobile that morning.  We really do have a fun group; it should be a good time.  If K&J want company I'll drive over to see them on Thurs. night instead of going to the awards dinner, which was a big drag last year.  I'll call them this weekend and see what Jim's travel plans are.  Today we'll find out about settlement in the California proceeding...this will decide whether I will be tied up in hearings for most of May.  Keep your fingers crossed!  Love, Sooz 
 Here is a list of all the agreements related to the Gallup Compressor:  1.  Compression Services Agreement (10/18/99) 2.  O&M Agreement (10/18/99) 3.  Gas Conversion Agreement (10/18/99) 4.  Operational Control Agreement (2/11/00) (contains no provisions related to payment) 5.  Letter amendment to Gas Conversion Agreement (2/23/00) (regarding Lock Price) 6.  Amendment to Gas Conversion Agreement (3/24/00) (regarding Start Date and calculation of Estimated CSC Fuel Payment)  If you do not have all of these agreements in your file, or if you know of anyone else who needs a full set of these documents, please let me know and I will send copies immediately.  Also, two letters have been sent pursuant to the terms of the agreements:  1.  Notification by TW to ECS that ECS should pursue an alternative electric supply arrangement (2/29/00) 2.  Approval by TW of interim rate schedule (3/15/00) (w/copy of rate schedule attached)  If you need copies of these letters, let me know and I'll send them to you also.  SS x0596 
 Our answer is simple:  It is not our policy to release such information unless we are required to do so by law, regulation or order. 
 Also, I would add that another reason we didn't submit the O&M agreement is that we considered it to be confidential. 
 Gerald -- here are a couple of suggested wording changes (should appear in blue)  1.  FERC was made aware of the Compression Services arrangement with ECS (at that time via Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.) in the filings for the certification of the Kachina units.  FERC simply didn't ask any further questions in that proceeding.  The Operation & Maintenance Agreements in place for the Kachina units essentially accomplishes the same things as the Operational Control Agreement in Gallup.  TW feels the O&M agreements would be adequate to address any concerns about TW's regulatory responsibility over the compressor facilities.  The Operational Control agreement was put into place in Gallup because it was thought to be easier to give FERC exactly what is was looking for rather than show them the Gallup O&M Agreement which might unnecessarily complicate the process at that time.  2.  There is no basis in FERC Regs or the NGA for FERC to impose any type of penalty or discontinue the Compression Service's due to TW's operation of Kachina without the Operational Control Agreement.  No regs or law address this situation.  Again this is tempered by the fact that FERC was made aware of the arrangement and didn't ask any questions and the O&M agreement is in place to accomplish control for TW.  3.  I also faxed you a copy of Section 19(c) of the NGA which indicates that the petition for rehearing does not effect the status of the certificate. Construction is moving ahead and the anticipated start date is May 1.  I will forward the filing TW made wrt to the Operational Control Agreement as soon as I recieve it.  Let me know if you have any further questions (713) 853-3512. 
 FYi 
 Jeff, here it is.  Take a look and if you have any questions, I'll be prepared to address them promptly so you can send this off. 
 I believe Leslie does regulatory/legal work for ENA on a contract basis. 
 The Commercial Group asked several weeks ago whether they can enter into discount letters applicable to daily firm for as long as one year.  The standard wording of the discount letter applicable to daily firm is such that the discount is effective for as many one-day terms as the FTS-1 agreement renews, but not beyond a specified date.  Typically TW enters into these discount letters for a term of one month.  The marketers say that they were once told that they could not make such a discount applicable for longer than a 3-month term.   I see no basis for this limitation.  The term of the FTS-1 agreement is one day, renewable from day to day.  The discount is only applicable for so long as the FTS-1 agreement renews.  If the FTS-1 agreement does not renew, the discount is no longer applicable.  The basis for the shipper's transportation rights is the FTS-1 agreement.  We are not guaranteeing a shipper "daily" firm for longer than a one-day term.  The discount letter merely states that, for so long as the FTS-1 agreement renews, a particular discount applies, up to a certain cutoff date. Does this make sense?  I realize you are swamped, but I need to get Steve an answer so that the marketers know what is acceptable.  Drew and I have discussed this and he is on board. Thanks. 
 Aurora, my changes appear on the attached. I assume you or AA have updated the numbers for eligible transition costs (second paragraph of section 7).  (If you have not, I'm really not sure who would have those numbers) I updated the numbers for environmental costs in the footnotes.  Please call (x30596) if you have any questions. 
 Attached for your information is a summary of other parties' requests for rehearing of Order 637.  I will be happy to answer any questions you might have. 
 Jeff, here are Colleen's comments.  At your convenience, let's meet to discuss. 
 I'm forwarding the attached as an update.  Am presently researching the issue raised by Drew, and will let you know what I find. 
 Part II:  FERC Writing Handbook  1.  "WHEREFORE, PREMISES CONSIDERED" adds a note of authority to your pleadings.  In fact, some administrative law judges will throw your pleading into the special incinerator marked "Nonconforming Pleadings" (located on the west side of the FERC building) unless such language is present.  2.  Pronouns should be used sparingly, if at all.  With few exceptions, parties must always be named to avoid confusion, even if it means the name of the party will appear several times in one sentence.  3.  The verb "request" may not be used without the word "to."  Example: "Pipeline X respectfully requests the Commission to grant its motion."  4.  "In regards to" or "vis-a-via" sound more intelligent than "about" or "concerning."  5.  If you are not sure you've conveyed an important point effectively, repeat the statement verbatim at various other points in your pleading for emphasis.  Additionally, repeating a contractual provision several times in a contract will give your client greater rights than if you only include the provision once.  6.  Always recite the entire history of the proceeding in your pleading before stating the purpose of your pleading.  No FERC staffer ever remembers what happens, and the added pages will make your pleading really impressive.  7.  When in doubt, insert more commas. 
 The term of the FTS-1 agreement is for one day, and automatically renews from day to day. The discount letter provides that the discount applies to the one-day term and each consecutive one-day term (if any).  The term of the discount letter is typically one month or 3 months.  The discount letter does not obligate TW to provide service for more than one day, but as long as the term of the service agreement renews, the same discount would apply.  My point is that if we are already contracting for daily firm this way, it should not matter whether the discount is effective for one month or for 12 months.  If there is a problem with the current arrangement, we should discuss it. Nothing about the way we do these deals has changed since we discussed it last December. 
 Thanks Dennis.  Do you have the form of discount letter too?  If so, please send it. 
 Doug, Ashley's e-mail address is in the cc line if you want to get in touch with her.  I hadn't thought that she might have had to put down a refundable deposit (rather than a hookup fee) for some of the utilities so logistically switching to your name might not be worthwhile, but it may be worth asking. Remember I have water covered.  Call or e-mail if you have questions! 
 Hi!   Thanks for the update, it is good to hear from you.  Sorry Grayson is being a crybaby.  It is tough being a baby, I think.  How did the doctor's app't go?  Bet you are ready for the weekend so Jim'll be around all day. Every working mom I know could not wait to get back to the office after maternity leave.  I think the daycare arrangement is generally best for everyone.  Baby gets a head start on her social life, and the parents can't wait to see the kid at the end of the work day!  Most everyone I know is raising their kids that way, and they seem to be turning out fine.  Even the handful of stay-at-home moms I've met leave their kids with someone several days a week, for sanity's sake.  Had lunch with Mema on Wednesday at Treebeards.  I get the impression that she's gotten the message that you and Jim don't exactly want her dropping in for spontaneous visits, so that's good.  I always enjoy meeting her for lunch--for some reason she's always on best behavior, and we always run into my coworkers and friends who just think she's the greatest.  Thank God she can never remember their names, or she might start calling them for lunch.  Bill and I saw a play at Diverse Works last night called "Fucking A."  It was a take-off on The Scarlet Letter.  I thought it would be funnier but it was actually pretty dark.  The bearer of the letter A was an abortionist in a strange land working to pay her son's way out of jail.  Despite the subject matter it was one of the best plays I've seen in a very long time.  Diverse Works is an art space in the warehouse district directly north of downtown. (Nancy Littlejohn (Worthington) has her art gallery nearby.)  They mostly sponsor dance, dramatic and performance art productions.  A lot of it is really over the top, but I've seen some cool things there.  One of my friends at work is trying to get me to serve on the board of directors, so I've been hanging out there to see whether I like the people.  Work is driving me nuts, but that's what they pay me for, I guess.  Time to read more FERC cases.  I don't wanna FERC, I just want to bang on the drum all day.  Hang in there, and please send more news of little bug!  Love, Susan 
 See especially pages 5 & 6 of the attached doc., which include the argument that existing ROFR should not be grandfathered.  Please send any comments you have to me.  Thanks!! 
 Sorry Toby, but honestly this is the first time I've seen such a request. A lot of things get sent to Susan Scott of ECT by mistake; maybe that is what happened? I would never ignore you on purpose. I'll call Ms. Lee and give her the correct info. 
 Part I:  Dress Code for Female FERC Lawyers at FERC Proceedings*  Skirts must be mid-calf length and of a synthetic fabric. All clothing worn in FERC hearing rooms must be properly aged (12 years or more). No solid-colored garments are permitted.  Exceptions:  mauve, pink, peach, teal, harvest gold. Hair must be fuzzy, multi-colored and must partially conceal the face. Suntan hose must be worn at all times. Open-toed shoes (preferably in a lighter color than the hem of the skirt) are preferred. Those with a flair for fashion are permitted to wear inexpensive animal print garments, metallic accessories or clothing with fake fur trim, so as to attract attention to one's originality.  *also applicable to female practitioners at the Texas Railroad Commission and Public Utilities Commission. 
 The Commercial Group has asked whether they can sell daily firm for longer than a 3-month period.  This phrasing is of course misleading; TW's daily firm contracts are always for a term of just one day, but renew for consecutive one-day terms unless terminated.  The discount letter, on the other hand, grants a discounted rate for each of the one-day terms for a certain period of time (typically one month).  Steve Harris wants to be able to "sell daily firm for a one-year period."  In contractual terms all this would mean is that the contract is for renewabable one-day terms (as usual), and the discount applicable to such terms would be effective for one year.  I see no problem with this, do you?  (Apparently the current perception in marketing is that regulatory/legal was limiting daily firm to a 3-month period.) 
 Here are my comments, spice girl. 
 Something to keep in mind:  Since FERC has implied that it considers shipper support in determining whether to allow pipelines to hold capacity on other pipelines, the more shippers we can get to intervene in our filing, the better. 
 Lorraine:  here's what we would have to show FERC, along with some of my comments.  Let me know if you have additional ideas, and I'll turn it into a draft to send around to the usual suspects.  1.  Rate impact on TW customers; method by which TW would collect the costs of the acquired capacity.  -  I assume TW would be at risk for any undercollection of revenue associated with the PNM capacity; thus there is no cost-shift potential to other shippers. - Net costs will be separately recorded.  2.  Would acquisition of PNM capacity enable TW to gain control over access to upstream capacity and supply sources in a manner which would permit TW to limit customer choices or improperly tie use of the acquired capacity to other pipeline services?  (I think Mary Kay will be able to help us explain the "no tying" part).  3.  Would TW's marketing affiliates receive preferential treatment?  - No TW marketing affiliate will be involved in the proposed transaction - Acquisition of PNM capacity will not result in any undue preference or advantage to any affiliated entity.  4.  Will TW as a holder of capacity receive preferential treatment over PNM's customers, to the detriment of PNM's customers?  - No.  PNM will be making the capacity available to TW only during periods in which it has unused capacity available on its system, so any impact on PNM shippers should be minimal. - Service contract under PNM's tariff does not provide for unduly preferential treatment of TW.  5.  How will capacity be managed or otherwise integrated into TW's existing open access operations?  - TW will enter into service agreements with PNM from time to time to transport gas on the portion of PNM's line from Blanco, NM (i.e., the Blanco Hub operated by TW) to Rio Puerco, NM, where PNM's system interconnects with TW's mainline.  Resulting available capacity will be posted according to TW's tariff. - The capacity will be used to serve customers under TW's FTS-1, LFT and ITS (right?) rate schedules from the Blanco receipt point to delivery points on TW's system. - Lorraine -- we need to discuss our arrangement with PNM -- Would we be able to acquire on an as-needed basis?  Would it be an ordinary service agreement as provided in their tariff?  Which would come first, our deal with PNM or with our shipper?  It might be good to come up with some examples of likely scenarios.  6.  Would acquisition of PNM capacity prevent unnecessary construction of new facilities?  - Yes.  Demand currently exceeds available capacity on the San Juan Lateral.  Transwestern was unable to construct San Juan Phase II because of prohibitively high costs of obtaining an easement on Navajo land.  Using the PNM Blanco to Rio Puerco line is one of the few remaining alternatives available to TW to expand this portion of its system.  It would enable TW to transport an additional ______ of gas for shippers from the San Juan Basin to delivery points on the mainline of TW's system without the need for expanding the San Juan lateral.  The acquired capacity would benefit customers by effectively providing incremental capacity on a constrained portion of TW's system, at minimal cost to TW and no environmental disturbance.  Would enable both TW and PNM to use their systems more efficiently. 
 With regard to the Commission's limitations on the right of first refusal, Order 637 provides for grandfathering of discounted long-term contracts that are now subject to ROFR.  The Commission's rationale was that grandfathering gives all shippers notice of the new limitation and the opportunity to re-execute current contracts.  The TW Commercial Group has asked whether we should challenge the grandfathering of existing contracts.  In limiting the right of first refusal, the Commission has expressly acknowledged that if a customer is truly captive and has no alternatives for service, it is likely that its contract will be at the maximum rate.  Shippers that are not captive and have alternatives in the marketplace do not need the protection of ROFR, and the pipeline should be able to negotiate with other interested shippers upon expiration of the contract.  In light of these conclusions, there should be no reason to grandfather the ROFR rights of shippers under existing discounted contracts.  Such shippers would not be harmed by removal of the right immediately upon the effective date of a pipeline's tariff filing to limit the right of first refusal (assuming the service contract incorporates tariff terms on an "as amended" basis).  Consistent with the Commission's order, it would not be unfair to make these shippers compete with others for the capacity upon expiration of the contract. 
 Hi Ashley!  A couple of things.  First of all, my new renter, Doug, wonders whether he can just call the utilities & phone and transfer from his name to yours (rather than you cancelling and him having to pay any re-hookup fees that may apply).   I don't know how it would work; maybe he could conference you in when he makes the calls.  For what it is worth, he is a very nice guy to deal with, but it is totally up to you and I really don't care one way or the other.  Also, I'm having someone come clean the place so you needn't worry about it, in case you were wondering.  I will take care of it (it looks pretty clean anyway!).  Please let me know your new address and I will send you your deposit refund next week.  Merci!  Susan 
 Hi Lindy.  Sorry I've not yet set up the meeting on imbalances...I feel I am still lacking focus so thought I'd run this by you for your comments before inviting people.  First of all, I believe the general topics we wanted to address were:  - imbalance netting & trading - mandatory use of Park N Ride service for out of balance operators - hourly determination of imbalances  Is this correct?  Next, the list of attendees:  you, me, Darrell, Richard Hanagriff, Sheila Nacey (or someone else she designates).  Anyone else?  As far as timing, I am very flexible, so let me know what works for you, and I'll get it set up. 
 Here is some preliminary research on the Commercial Group's question of whether we can have a tariff provision in which shippers pay cash for fuel rather than providing fuel in kind.  If you want the attachments (examples of other pipelines' tariff provisions) I will send you a hard copy.  Comments? Are there any rate case implications I should be aware of? 
 Thanks, Maria, this is very helpful.  I'm planning on drafting something this week for everyone's review.  Don't know if any other pipelines have tried to do anything similar but I'll find out. 
 Donna Fulton is planning on attending the technical conference in the Amoco/Burlington complaint proceeding on El Paso's allocation procedures. She has asked that we let her know, if possible, what particular issues we are interested in, as this will help her prepare for the conference.  Please let me know if you have any comments in this regard.  One caveat:  the technical conference is for "interested parties" only, and since TW is not an intervenor Donna is subject to being kicked out of the conf. if El Paso does not want TW represented there.  ENA will probably be sending a representative so at the very least we can probably get some intelligence from them. 
 See my changes on the attached. 
 Christine -- Here's a brief answer to your questions.  With regard to segmentation, Order 637 is completely silent with regard to rates to be charged for segmented capacity, so we would have considerable leeway here.  The order is also silent with respect to the effective restriction of segmented capacity by making discounts inapplicable to certain alternate (or primary) points.  Hopefully TW will be able to avoid the segmentation issue altogether by invoking the Global Settlement, as we plan to do in our rehearing request and compliance filing.  (Our Global Settlement argument is that we should be able to rely on tariff provisions, including our current restriction on changing primary points, that were implemented to mitigate the effects of turnback on TW).  On hourly service, I believe that we could put an hourly service into place on TW without  running afoul of the Peak and Off-Peak Rates (i.e., seasonal rates) provisions of the order.  In other words, I think the Commission would see them as two separate kinds of service.  As for how to communicate with our customers, I believe Regulatory has offered to have a meeting with TW customers in early April to make a presentation on Order 637 and provide a forum for discussion.  I realize the order becomes effective March 27; however, compliance filings are not due until May 1, and some requirements do not even become effective until September 1.  Before the beginning of April, the GPG pipelines will simply not have their positions fully formed enough to make a very well-organized presentation to persons outside the company.  The meeting is still in the planning stages and I will fill you in on details as they are available.  In the meantime, if your customers have questions, I'll be happy to help answer them. 
 As you know, current firm contracts on Transwestern provide for delivery of 250 MMcf/d of gas to Topock.  In the context of the Gallup Expansion, Transwestern has entered into firm contracts for an additional 40 MMcf/d to Topock.  Once the Gallup expansion is built, Transwestern will have a total of 290 MMcf/d of firm capacity under contract to the Topock delivery point: 40 MMcf/d more than PG&E has agreed to accept while PCBs continue to be present.  Bill Cordes has asked what Transwestern's potential liability to shippers would be if PG&E's refusal to accept deliveries due to the continued presence of contaminants causes Transwestern to have to curtail firm service at PG&E/Topock.  The legal answer is that Transwestern's tariff provides for a reservation charge refund but does not limit the damages that could be sought by a shipper.  More specifically, Rate Schedule FTS-1 specifically provides for a reservation charge refund if Transwestern fails to deliver gas for a firm shipper.  In December, January, February, July and August, the shipper is entitled to a reservation charge refund for all nominated and confirmed quantities not delivered.  In all other months, the shipper is entitled to a refund only if deliveries fall below 75% of nominated/confirmed quantities for a period of 75 consecutive days. The tariff does not preclude a shipper from seeking other damages resulting from Transwestern's failure to provide service under an FTS-1 contract.  A shipper whose firm service is curtailed would likely incur damages in addition to the reservation charge, including, for example, the cost of buying spot gas or damages resulting from the shipper's inability to fulfill contractual obligations. Such damages could be recovered in a breach of contract action.  Not all shippers would incur such damages because some might be willing to take delivery of gas at alternate points if capacity is available at such points.  Bill has asked Steve to work with me in quantifying our potential exposure. I could really use your help in putting a dollar amount on potential damages.  Can we meet briefly to discuss this?  I'm available after the Gallup meeting tomorrow a.m., or after lunch on Friday...or we can discuss a meeting time for next week.  Thank you. 
 Pursuant to your request, attached is a very plain-vanilla motion to intervene out of time and motion to expedite that you can provide to your non-Gallup customers if you like.  If you do so, please inform them that we are not providing this as legal advice but merely as an example, and whether they choose to file in this proceeding and the content of what they file is up to their own respective legal and regulatory departments. 
 I'm a little uncomfortable with saying "TW defers to the consensus position of the non-SoCal settlement parties" so often.  Could we just not say anything on those items?  Or say TW has no comment at this time.  Would the other parties be put off if we were silent on these issues? 
 Recently we approved a "based on utilization" rate in another contract -- the rationale was that our minimum reservation charge is zero -- so on those days they don't use the point, the amount allocated to reservation component (using our discretion to allocate between reservation and commodity) is $0 and it's still within our minimum so it is not a negotiated rate.  Does that make sense to you? 
 I am free for lunch on 12/4.  I'll see if Frazier's available. Why don't we choose a venue somewhere between Duke and downtown. 
 Lorraine, I've been studying the El Paso/Dynegy reservation reduction mechanism (RRM).  Basically the deal was that Dynegy's minimum-pay obligation would be reduced by the amount of the fixed cost component of IT revenues generated by El Paso's transportation of IT volumes above a historical threshold.  (The parties based the threshold on El Paso's monthly IT volumes for the 12 months ended 9/30/97.)  The volumes in excess of the threshold were calculated and a ratio of the volumes in excess of the threshold to the total volumes was determined; the ratio would then be applied to the fixed cost component of all IT revenues and the resulting dollar value applied to Dynegy's monthly reservation charge, to the extent Dynegy had not met its minimum pay obligation for a particular month.  This provision of course met with heavy opposition; however, FERC allowed it.  FERC stated that while the RRM had anticompetitive effects because it created a disincentive for El Paso to discount IT, it was not unduly discriminatory.  The "unduly discriminatory" conclusion was based on an analysis on the potential effect on the Cal. gas transportation market -- the Commission found that due to relatively weak market demand, neither Dynegy nor El Paso appeared to have been able to influence prices because so much firm capacity was available.  I assume Russ may be after something similar to the RRM.  We would have to file it as a negotiated rate but I feel fairly confident that we could get FERC to accept it.  That's my 2 cents worth on this particular issue...I'll come down around 3:30 to chat with you more about the Duke (I have a conference call with MKM from 1:30 to 3:30, which is why I'm camped out on 47). 
 (I'll review this after my 9:00 meeting -- thought you might want a copy also.) 
 Our contract with IGS provides that for any agreement identified by IGS and executed, TW will pay a one-time incentive fee of 3% of the first $15 million of net present value, 2% of the next $10 million of net present value, etc.  The Southern contract associated with the Gallup Expansion is at a rate of $0.205 for 25,000 Dth/d for 5 years.  Using a discount factor of 15%, the net present value of the contract is $6,270,625, so IGS's commission would be $188,118.75.  Since the contract does not specify how NPV will be calculated (I believe we purposely omitted this for whatever reason), we will need to agree on a rate that is fair given the nature of and risk associated with the project.  We should probably use whatever is standard in the industry for this type of project, if that's possible to determine.  I have a call in to James Centilli for his recommendation in this regard, and will let you know what he says. 
 I've gotten a bit more educated about IT revenue crediting since you asked your question yesterday.  "IT revenue crediting" is an industry term used to describe a requirement (brought about either by a FERC order or a rate case settlement) that IT revenues in excess of a certain dollar amount will be credited back to all firm shippers in the next rate proceeding or thru some refund mechanism.  Transwestern is currently not under any IT revenue crediting obligation, and I would be very hesitant to negotiate any such obligation with any individual shipper because then we would have to do the same for all firm shippers on a nondiscriminatory basis.  If you need more info, let's talk. 
 I've reviewed Order 637 on voluntary auctions and agree with you, Mary Kay, that the TW IOS procedure is consistent with the Commission's checklist. However, I do have a couple of questions/concerns.  First, does "voluntary" mean filing a proposal with FERC is also voluntary?  Or is the Commission here requiring that pipelines make filings before they can proceed with auctions?  Also, I'm not sure we comply with the Commission's policy on establishment of a reserve price, since it's difficult to tell what that is from the order.  A couple of times TW has stated a minimum bid in its IOS.  Comments? 
 Can we keep the upside -- I believe the answer is clearly "no" unless/until we get a favorable ruling on our share-the-upside filing.  Til then we're bound by the billing provisions on Sheet 95H. Sometimes the answers clarify themselves after you leave the question sitting out there a while...  As for the contract rights of replacement shippers, I would say the tariff language gives us some leeway on whether to automatically give replacement shipper the releasing shipper's discount at alt. points.  If we don't, and the replacement shipper uses an alt. point and has to pay max rate, releasing shipper gets a refund under our billing provision.  I know Lindy has some clear ideas on what we want here... we can discuss more if you like. 
 Jeff, this morning I spoke with Reliant's regulatory counsel, who called me after talking with Lee Hart, and who seemed eager to look into drafting a filing.  I would be happy to talk with Leonard Foster or June Suwara at Sempra about doing the same, but somehow think Sempra might be a tougher customer (don't know why I would think that...).  My suggestion is that we work through Ms. Katz initially.  Anticipating that we might encounter some inertia at Sempra's regulatory dept. -- and to give you an outline to work from when talking to Stefanie -- I put together the attached rough draft of a motion to intervene and motion to expedite to be filed by Sempra.  Feel free to send the attached to Stefanie.  However, please do so with the caveat that you are sending it for discussion purposes only, not as legal advice to Sempra from ET&S's legal department, and the content of this pleading should ultimately be up to Sempra's legal/regulatory staff.  Reliant's counsel said he'd be sending me a draft of his pleading...if I don't hear from him within a reasonable time I'll call to follow up. 
 Parties represented at an informal meeting after the February 7, 2000 prehearing conference discussed circulating redlined versions of the CAC settlement proposal as a point of departure for further settlement conferences.  Transwestern Pipeline Company submits the following comments in lieu of a redlined document.  Transwestern fully supports the CAC's proposal of a path-defined receipt point structure that would define primary and secondary rights at receipt points on the SoCalGas system. Not only does the proposal satisfy the Commission's requirement that Hector Road be established as a formal receipt point, it is also consistent with open and non-discriminatory access and use of the SoCalGas system, and will help provide a reasonable degree of certainty so that all market participants can more effectively plan gas transportation.  CAC's proposed receipt point principles ensure that no upstream transportation provider will unduly be denied access to SoCal's system.  Transwestern believes that the parties may still need to address certain details regarding implementation of the receipt point proposal that have not been fully described in the CAC document.  To this end, Transwestern proposes that implementation of the receipt point proposal be included on the agenda for the upcoming all-party settlement discussions.  Transwestern looks forward to a constructive discussion of the proposal and is confident that the parties will be able to agree on a plan for implementation.  Susan Scott Senior Counsel Transwestern Pipeline Company (713) 853-0596 sscott3@enron.com 
 The reservation charge reduction applicable to TW's failure to deliver gas under certain circumstances does NOT apply to either force majeure events or periods of unscheduled maintenance less than 10 days in any calendar quarter.  Unscheduled maintenance is defined as unanticipated or unplanned maintenance on the pipeline system required to be performed to ensure that gas continues to flow in months other than Dec., Jan., Feb., July and Aug.  Assuming we could even classify the proposed activity as "maintenance," I'm not sure we could get away with saying it was unanticipated or unplanned, as the Gallup expansion has been in the works for some time.  I am also not completely comfortable calling this "force majeure" because part of the tariff definition is that the event was not within the control of either party; however, since the definition does include "binding order of any court or governmental authority," we could possibly say this is force majeure if we're reducing the pressure in order to comply with a DOT pipeline safety rule.  (In that event, our notice on the EBB would be a force majeure notice.)  If not, we can argue that since this is not "maintenance," but simply being done to construct the expansion in a safe and prudent manner, the shippers' rights are not triggered under the reservation charge reduction provisions.  In that case, damages (if any) would have to be pursued under ordinary contract law.  I realize that this is not a very satisfactory answer; however, the outage is going to be relatively short, and no shipper in recent memory has availed itself of the reservation charge reduction.  I recommend we give shippers reasonable notice of the pressure reduction so that they can make alternate plans -- this will reduce the likelihood that they will feel revengeful.  Please call (x30596) or e-mail if you have further questions. 
 Here's what I propose to send to the parties on the 14th.  Take a look, and think about whether it would be wise to do more selling in the first paragraph.  I propose that we get on the agenda for the March 1 meeting so that we have some time to approach individual parties first.  With your permission, I will forward this to Mr. Dasovich also. 
 Lindy -- FYI.  This is just really informal so I'd prefer you not forward to anyone yet.  Drew and Maria are most familiar with this so I'm going to get their feedback first before setting up a meeting.  I'll get with you before I set a meeting time to see when you're available. 
 Steve and Frank, I would be very interested in your comments on the attached. 
 Here is a draft of the compliance filing regarding our operational control agreement with ECS.  Please let me know your comments by C.O.B. tomorrow.  At this point I'm not planning to file the agreement, just a report as requested by the Commission.  I'm still working with ECS to finalize the agreement.  Their attorney is checking with his resident experts to make sure ECS, by expressly giving TW Operational Control, does not somehow cross the line into retail wheeling.  I do not expect the agreement to change significantly. 
 My several hours of on-line research on this last Sept. turned up nothing on point.  The only case that even addressed the issue of confidentiality of contracts in a certificate context was one I'll excerpt here:  ** In Maritimes & Northeast Pipeline, L.L.C., 80 FERC P 61,346 (1997), Maritimes requested confidentiality for the precedent agreements it submitted. Commission staff denied the blanket request, but indicated that Maritimes could request that specific provisions be kept confidential. Maritimes subsequently requested that the contract terms and various cut-off dates [FN29] in the precedent agreements be kept confidential because such information was commercially sensitive. On the other hand, Maritimes requested that the terms and conditions of the backstop agreements be kept confidential, but was willing to make the contract terms of 10 and 20 years public. Generally, the Commission will deny blanket requests for confidentiality of agreements that are submitted to demonstrate market support for new facilities. [FN30] However, in the instance case, the contract terms of the backstop agreements are public and, thus, evidence of longterm subscriptions for Maritimes proposal are in the public record and support our finding that Maritimes has demonstrated a market for its proposed services. Therefore, we find no compelling reason to require the length of the terms of the other precedent agreements or the cut-off dates to be made public.  FN29 Cut off dates refer to points in time when individual contracts could terminate contingent on the occurrence of certain events.  FN30 See, e.g., Colorado Interstate Gas Company, 76 FERC P 61,291 (1996). **  In Amoco Production Company and Amoco Energy Trading Company V. Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America, 82 FERC P 61,037 (1998), which involved a request for confidentiality of a gas sales agreement, the Commission explained why a gas sales agreement should be given confidential treatment but transportation contracts should not:  the Commission has explicitly held that gas transportation rates stand on a different footing from gas sales rates because pipelines and their competitors are subject to similar disclosure requirements. In ANR Pipeline Co., the Commission explained that unlike gas sales in a competitive market, transportation of natural gas is still regulated under the assumption that the pipeline exercises market power. Even where transportation competition exists, that competition is from other pipelines that are likely to be subject to similar filing and reporting requirements.  There were several cases denying confidential treatment of rates in the context of Section 4 cases.  Just to make sure I found everything, I'll do some follow up sometime in the next few days and let you know if I find anything. 
 Lindy -- I'm working on a checklist. There were just a couple of issues arising from the discussions with market services, weren't there? One having to do with whether we want to change our 68 A to reflect FTS-1 and FTS-3 in same bucket -- I'm leaning towards not changing since the language is already general enough to cover us there. The other issue had to do with issuing the OFO if EFBH does not show up in the last cycle.  I do not believe any changes are necessary there either. The tariff language as it's currently written says we "shall" issue an OFO, and we would, but an OFO issued in the last cycle would simply be a formality and the EFBH shipper would have no choice but to pay the penalty. If you see any roadblocks on these 2 tariff sheets (27A and 68A), or if there are any other issues we need to address, let me know.  Also, if you want to sit down and go thru my checklist together sometime tomorrow, or even later this afternoon, I'm available. Thanks! S. 
 Approved. 
 Here's my request for rehearing so far.  The marketing folks are helping me with our competitive harm argument and will, I hope, come up with something plausible.  In the meantime, I would appreciate your comments. 
 Spoke with Steve about the swap question.  He wants to talk with you about this before circling back to Knippa.  If you don't hear from him, and want to call him, his # is 281-350-8441.  Re. TW's exposure if we authorize ECS to lock in too early:  If TW defaults under the CSA, it must hold ECS harmless with regard to expenses incurred by ECS in the assignment of the electric supply agreement and pay ECS whatever is owed under the agreement.  No other specific damages are addressed, and the agreement specifically prohibits the recovery of consequential, incidental or indirect losses or damages.  (Section 9.2 provides for reimbursement for ECS's reasonable costs in providing Compression Services, but only in the event TW uses its FERC out.)  The Gas Conversion Agreement provides for termination of the agreement in the event of default by TW under the CSA, and obligates TW to reimburse ECS for ECS's costs and expenses incurred in unwinding the forward sale of natural gas volumes to be delivered to ECS under the agreement.  Other questions -- let  me know. 
 Drew, what is BNSF? 
 Dear Mr. Henderson:  Attached pursuant to Dave Foti's request is the Substation Maintenance Agreement in Word format with Transwestern's proposed changes shown in redlining.  After you've had a chance to review the agreement, please feel free to contact me with any questions or comments.  Sincerely,  Susan Scott Counsel for Transwestern Pipeline Company (713) 853-0596 sscott3@enron.com 
 Dear Citizens' Assistance Division:  I live in the Houston Heights on the 800 block of Cortlandt.  For the 3 years I've lived there, the drainage ditch in front of my house, and several other houses on my street, have been blocked.  Any time it rains, we have standing water for several days afterwards.  I know that other streets in the Heights have the same problem. I have heard that because of the mild winter we're having, we can expect a bumper crop of mosquitos this summer.  Standing water therefore poses a health concern for residents of the Heights this summer.  Does the City have any current plans to fix the drainage problem in the Heights?  Last year I called and requested that the ditch in front of my house be cleared, but got no response.  I hope that this was merely an oversight rather than an indication that the City of Houston has no regard for the health and comfort of its citizens.  Any information you can provide would be appreciated.  Sincerely,  Susan Scott 815 Cortlandt St. (713) 853-0596 (daytime phone) sscott3@enron.com 
 Maria and Drew, this is a long-winded e-mail but please bear with me...  The problem:  As you probably remember, several months ago several of us met to discuss the following language in the ROFR portion of Transwestern's tariff: "if the rate bid exceeds the maximum tariff rate, then the rate will be considered to be the maximum tariff rate," and the additional frustrating language "[a]ll available capacity shall be allocated under these procedures . . .."  At our last meeting, we concluded that probably the best way to ensure that TW could capture the true value of the capacity would be to link the negotiated rate to index prices.  However, since this usually involves an unacceptable amount of risk to both the shipper and TW, the marketers haven't done any index-based rates and have no current plans to enter into any such deals.  I have been asked by the Commercial Group to revisit this issue and to think of other ways we could increase our ability to charge more than the maximum rate.   Ideally they would like to eliminate the language I've quoted above. However, my research has indicated that absent our 1) bringing about radical change in the way FERC thinks about recourse rates or 2) showing that TW lacks market power, we are probably stuck with this language.  Why the problem exists (you may already know):  Steve Stojic and I did some looking into why the language is in our tariff in the first place.  In the Alternative Rates Policy Statement (RM95-6-000), the Commission explained that it is willing to entertain individual requests for negotiated rates, but only where customers retain the ability to choose a cost-of-service based tariff rates.  "[T]he availability of a recourse service would prevent pipelines from exercising market power by assuring that the customer can fall back to cost-based, traditional service if the pipeline unilaterally demands excessive prices or withholds service.  Thus, the recourse rate mitigates market power."  The Commission went on to confirmed that under ROFR provisions the highest rate that an existing shipper must match if it wishes to continue its transportation arrangement is the maximum tariff rate. This policy is clearly not limited to ROFR situations:  when capacity is constrained, a shipper willing to pay only the recourse rate cannot lose access to capacity merely because someone else is willing to pay a negotiated rate.  "When there are more requests for capacity than there is capacity available, then the pipeline must allocate capacity among those shippers willing to pay either the negotiated rate or the maximum recourse rate, for example on a pro rata basis if required by its tariff."  The example cited by the Commission:  If a pipeline has 100 Dth/d available and two shippers request that capacity, one who is willing to pay no more than the recourse rate of $5 and another a negotiated rate of $6, then each would be allocated 50 Dth/d on a pro rata basis (assuming the tariff provided for pro rata allocation and not some other allocation method such as lottery).  When TW filed for authority to charge negotiated rates, it voluntarily added the statement that "if the rate bid exceeds the maximum tariff rate, then the rate will be considered to be the maximum tariff rate."  Presumably we had concluded that we needed to add this recourse rate related provision in order to receive negotiated rate authority.  Solutions??  I would like to know whether you concur that changing our tariff language outright is probably out of the question.  I feel as if I've really been chasing my tail here.  I have owed Lindy an answer for some time now.  But I keep coming back to our having to prove lack of market power (which, Drew, is where I believe you were headed when we talked about this in mid-October). Steve Harris has asked whether we can just start small and remove the recourse rate cap as to only a portion of our system.  I think we would still have to show lack of market power in order to do this.  Do you agree?  Stojic warns that proving lack of market power is a lengthy and expensive proposition.  Might be worth it to us, though.  Another idea is to somehow provide shippers with an incentive to pay more than max rate.  After all, we do have authority to charge negotiated rates. We've seen one instance in which one of our marketers was able to get more than max rates for IT space based on good customer relations alone.  However, despite our wonderful relationships with most of our customers, it's unlikely we can pull this off with any consistency.  We wondered whether we might be able to get more than max rates in the context of an auction procedure.  But I just am not convinced we could get around the Commission's requirement that recourse rates be available.  That requirement has not changed.  Have either of you seen anything to the contrary?  I would like to meet with you two, plus several others I have in mind, to discuss this, preferably early this week (Tues. or Wed.), but would like to discuss briefly with you first.  Please call me so we can talk for a few minutes.  Thanks. 
 Mary Kay and Drew, please see Christine's message below.  This language is very similar to language that NNG has used to address the change-in-rates issue.  I do not believe it creates a negotiated rates issue.  Please let me know as soon as possible if you have any concerns.  It is important that we work something out with Phillips today.  By the way, I asked Christine if she had asked Phillips to 1) give up their right of first refusal and 2) agree to our new capacity release language (i.e. TW gets the upside if capacity is released at a higher rate) in exchange for us making this compromise.  She feels that it would be inappropriate to ask them because the language below does not quite give Phillips what they had requested originally (that is, a negotiated rate). 
 Here's the summary we sent you before, with new reference to Hector in redlining.  Call Jeff (713-853-1521) or me (713-853-0596) if you have questions. 
 Christine and I seem to have gotten Phillips interested in a right to terminate if TW's minimum tariff rate ever exceeds the contract rate.  They said they would mull it over, at least.  But what they really would prefer to have is a provision in which they would get the contract rate no matter what.  Since this would make it a negotiated rate deal from day 1, I feel like I need to get your buy-in before we agree to it.  Steve has already told me it is OK with him.  Please advise. 
 That is weird.  I received your first message.  Dave, Exhibit A of the O&M agreement is a description of the Compressor Motor Facilities.  Do you have this? Exhibit C is insurance coverages; I assume I need to get that from Nemec.  Martha, please send me by interoffice mail copies of the executed documents Drew has; mine seem to have vaporized.  Thank you! 
 The attached document shows my proposed changes to Universal's agreement in redlining.  I tried not to over-lawyer or make this overly complicated, but in my view this needed a lot of basic cleanup.  Many of my changes are simply to make the language more accurate (for example, in the use of defined terms).  In a couple of places, I have questions:  1) In the second opening paragraph, I don't know whether it is possible to attach the Proposal as an exhibit; if not, ignore my change.  2) Section 4.a.  -- their provision for an adjustment seemed a little unusual to me but it could work in favor of either party, so I left it in.  If you don't like it, let me know.  3)  In Section 5, I just tried to simplify the billing procedure in case of termination.  Let me know if this does not agree with your intent.  Please call me with your comments, and let me know how you would like to proceed.  SS (713) 853-0596 
 Brian and Glen,  Based upon a review of the 1/21/00 draft of Motion for Extension of Procedural Schedule, Transwestern Pipeline Company does not wish to join as a party to the motion, and does not plan to oppose the motion.  Sincerely,  Susan Scott 
 The only problem I can see with this is that paragraph 4 could be construed to encourage NMNG to request amendment not only to increase the MAXDTQ but also to decrease it (if the MAXDTQ has been increased by a previous amendment).  I worry that this might mislead NMNG that the parties can decrease the MAXDTQ by agreement rather than NMNG using capacity release procedures.   However, the paragraph does not obligate TW to do anything & doesn't give NMNG any rights, since any change in the MAXDTQ must be by mutual agreement (and it's subject to available capacity).  Since it does not seem to give either party anything they do not already get under the tariff, I think I would recommend we omit it.  However, NMNG might insist on this or similar language to reflect the "deal" --- or at least the conversations of the parties.  If that's the case, I suppose I would advise the marketing folks to limit the language of paragraph 4 to an increase in MAXDTQ and explain that any decrease would have to be thru capacity release.  Comments? 
 Hi Mum!  Well, I mustered the courage to start my bathroom painting project yesterday.  I chose a medium blue that looks very nice.  Guess who helped me?  Bill!  He got pretty enthusiastic with that roller.  So we were able to knock it out in about 3 hours.  There was a lot of woodwork to tape off. Tonight I will finish the tub area, which needed some repair/caulking/spackling.  Now I am anxious to do the bedroom, but probably will not get to it until next month.  Maybe you will be able to help me decide on a color when you are here this weekend.  I'm torn between "Happy Yellow" and a lighter version of the blue I used in the bathroom.  If I decide to paint any of the downstairs, I believe I will entrust that work to the professionals.  Got 4 tickets to the dance performance.  Since Bill seems to genuinely enjoy dance, I invited him.  So that leaves us with one ticket.  If you would like to invite someone, just let me know; otherwise maybe one of my friends around here will join us.  Hope your weekend project was a success.  Talk to you soon!  Love, S. 
 Lorraine, see the attached.  I added "Maximum" and "Minimum" to the chart but don't know whether I got it backwards...anyway, let's talk if you have any questions. 
 On January 13, 2000, FERC issued a Section 7(c) certificate for Transwestern's Gallup Expansion.  The Commission's order contained two conditions:  1) that Transwestern file its discounted rates within 15 days of the order, and 2) that Transwestern restructure its relationship with Enron Compression Services so that Transwestern will have sufficient operation control over the motor at the Gallup compressor station to assume regulatory responsibility for the motor's operation, and that Transwestern file a report with the Commission stating how it complied with this condition. Transwestern accepted the  certificate January 14, 2000 but reserved the right to seek rehearing or clarification of the order.  On January 18, 2000, Transwestern filed a motion for extension of time to comply with the condition that Transwestern file its discounted rates.  Transwestern has already filed with the Commission the discounted rates it will charge its expansion shippers, subject to a request for confidentiality.   Transwestern intends to file a request for rehearing of the January 13 order explaining why the Commission erred in ordering Transwestern to publicly disclose its discounted rates in advance of the normal time for making such disclosure through a discount report. 
 Remember we need to make a filing for our BP Energy deal, which becomes effective Dec. 1.  (Mary, I think you and I talked about this several weeks ago).  The contract simply includes a right of first refusal for BP Energy. The contract is such that the shipper would not have been entitled to a ROFR under our tariff, which is why it's a material deviation. The filing will simply need to reference a tariff sheet on which the contract provision is described. Let me know if you need anything (a copy of the contract, for instance). I have a conf. call from 2 to 3 but otherwise should be available if you want to give me a call. 
 Hey K!  Thanks for the note.  Everyone is asking how you're doing.  Sorry to hear about your back; I know what it is like.  As much as you are inclined to run around and get things done, the thing that worked best for me with my back problem was just to recline as much as possible!  My house truly became a mess, but guess what, the world did not end.  I really like your monosyllabic choices for names:  Kyle and Quinn.  For some reason I really like the name Elizabeth with both of those.  Perhaps because it balances out the unisex quality of the first name.  I think you really have to meet the baby before you decide for sure.  Who knows, she might turn out to be more of a Gladys!  heh, heh!  The landscapers are almost finished with my yard.  It looks really good.  I even have a little palm tree -- required for the Heights.  The last thing is to finish the driveway -- right now there are 20 tons of black star gravel sitting in the back yard!  Time to work. Try to take it easy! S 
 Christine, you need a comma between July and August.  Otherwise this looks fine. 
 Attached is my first try at our motion to extend time.  Your written comments would be appreciated. 
 I'm confused -- are we asking for an extension of time to comply with the Commission's conditions, or an extension of time to file a motion for rehearing? 
 Lorraine, please forward the attached to Ed Meaders. 
 I just rely on the market services folks to do the right thing.  Tell me if you think this is yet another area in which I have too much faith in our business people. 
 Janet, can you open the attachment? 
 I regret to report that I just ended a very unproductive phone conversation with Mr. Hertzberg.  He thanked us for all our cooperation but politely declined to give me any information on what authority he was relying on to conclude that there is a jurisdictional problem.  However, it sounded to me like whatever authority he does have is shaky at best.  He also sounded interested in the possibility of our making some sort of anonymous inquiry at FERC (if such a thing is possible) on the issue.  Obviously they are very leery of making that phone call themselves and risking revealing their identity.  He said he would discuss it with Ed Meaders.  Also, he mentioned that after tomorrow he will be on vacation for a month, and another attorney will be taking over in his absence.  That could be good, or it could be bad. Maybe Lorraine can sweet talk Meaders into at least citing us some cases from Hertzberg's memo.  At the very least, I hope he will show it to the Kinder Morgan lawyers. 
 Please print out the attached on my letterhead & bring it over to me.  Thank you!! 
 For your information.  The outcome was great for TW because the Cal. PUC adopted our receipt point proposal, eliminating the danger of mandated restriction of TW's deliveries to the California border.  The outcome is not so great for Enron overall because they rejected our proposed settlement. The receipt point proposal was able to survive since it was part of both of the competing settlements. I'm still trying to get thru the whole order; let me know if you have questions. S. 
 Janet -- could you please try to find the files Maria references in her e-mail, and I'll take it from there.  Thanks! 
 Lorraine, here is the letter.  You will need to fill in the address; otherwise it's ready to go.  Let me know if you need anything else (including initialling). 
 Jeff, attached is our summary of the Transwestern receipt point proposal for inclusion in CAC's settlement proposal.  I hope that this is helpful.  If you have any comments, please let me know. 
 Drew, here is the memo.  I know you will add your own spin before sending it on to Cordes.  However, if there is anything you want me to fix, please do not hesitate to call. 
 Mary Kay -- please see the attached -- Red Cedar has essentially asked us for acknowledgement that TW is willing to allow them to act as agent to transport gas for producers even though Red Cedar itself does not have title to the gas.  Drew has seen this and says he is going to discuss it with you. 
 OK, here's my first attempt.  Although I think Red Cedar's lawyers might be looking for more, they have not specifically requested it, so I decided to stick to making only the statements Ed Meaders mentioned in his 2 voice mails.  I believe this may suffice. 
 Lorraine, here is the new language for the discount letter.  You might want to compare the other language in the agreement to that of the existing one to make sure I got the right version (or I'll do it on Monday).  Let me know if you have questions.  I just ran it by Drew and he is OK with it. 
 The Mark Morris group performance is the last weekend of this month, the 27th - 29th.  See the website www.spahouston.org and click on "Program Notes" for a detailed description.  Bill and I will leave for Austin tomorrow a.m. as early as we can manage. I'm not picky about where we go for dinner, but was thinking Bill might enjoy going to the Bitter End brew pub -- I'm sure they don't take reservations but it should not be a problem if we go early enough.  The landscaper removed all the bushes in the front beds and it looks weird! Can't wait for her to get the new gravel in my driveway.  We'll call tomorrow a.m. if not sooner!  Have a good day! 
 Rich, would you please add Tim Aron to your distribution list for the Gallup Weekly Updates, and also forward him your latest?  He is working on New Mexico regulatory and legislative issues pertaining to our compression contract, and I thought your updates would help keep him in the loop.  Thank you. 
 Lindy, do you know offhand whether our OBAs with PG&E and SoCal deviate from the usual 10% tolerance provided for in our tariff form OBA?  If not, who do you think might be able to tell me? 
 As to your question about what's going on in California, I've done some reading and here are my thoughts.  The Nov. 1 FERC order in Docket No. EL00-95-000, in which the Commission ordered a $150/MWh price cap (among other things), was predicated on the Commission's authority under Section 206 of the Federal Power Act. Specifically, the FPA provides that if the Commission finds that "any rate, charge or classification for jurisdictional services, or any rule, regulation, practice or contract affecting such rate, charge or classification" is unjust or unreasonable, the Commission shall determine the just and reasonable rate, charge, classification, rule, regulation, practice, or contract that should be in effect.  The Commission recognized that certain areas of the flawed California market are not within its jurisdiction, but "fixed" the areas within its jurisdiction.   Apparently the California governor agrees with me that the Commission's jurisdiction in the area of wholesale electricity prices is questionable...  In any event, if the Commission wanted to open a proceeding to investigate the justness and reasonableness of negotiated gas transportation rates, its authority to do so would be much clearer.  The Natural Gas Act expressly authorizes FERC to declare unlawful any transportation rate that is not just and reasonable.  "Just and reasonable" has been interpreted in many different contexts and the Commission has significant discretion over what it means. As we all know too well, the Commission sometimes acts unpredictably. However, my feeling is that it will probably take more than 2 or 3 above-max-rate contracts to motivate the FERC to act to declare a negotiated rate deal, struck within a pipeline's tariff authority, to be unjust and unreasonable.  The California proceeding was initiated after entire communities of individual consumers suffered 200-300% increases in their electricity bills.  The prices for electricity in California were outrageous across the board and affected everyone in the state.  By contrast, TW's transport rates for its short-term deals are far removed from end user prices and the practice of negotiating higher than max rate deals is probably not widespread enough for anyone to notice.  It is far from being a consumer issue, and besides, the elections are over.  However, as you and I have already discussed, we must be wary of parties like Dynegy that do notice just about everything and who might try to draw it to FERC's attention.  We do need to watch to see whether other pipelines serving California are doing the same types of deals.  Kathy, why don't you and I discuss a system of monitoring the contract information postings of El Paso, Kern, PGT/NW.  Drew, obviously I've only scratched the surface here so let's talk if you want a more in-depth report. 
 I've reviewed the IGS market development agreement pursuant to your request. It expires 2/29/00.  The agreement requires the parties to meet 90 days prior to that date for the purpose of discussing an extension but does not obligate us to agree to any such extension.  As you know, I have a conflict tomorrow at 10, but would be happy to provide any other information you need for the meeting. 
 Our consulting agreement with IGS for services related to the CPUC proceeding expired 12/31/99 but can be continued by mutual agreement of the parties. Given the upcoming proceedings, I'd recommend that we act on this sooner rather than later...let me know and I'll draft a brief letter to Mark Baldwin. 
 Hi Mum!  Ann and I saw "Mr. Ripley" and I lay awake last night wondering how else the main character could have dealt with his dilemma on the boat!  I think I need to go to the movies more often; perhaps it will help me avoid this blurring of film and reality.  My tendency is to really get involved when I see them on the big screen!  Might be going to San Francisco next week.  I'd really like to go.  We'll see.  Probably I will come to Austin on Saturday but I've not heard from the landscaper yet.  I doubt they will be working on the weekend though.  Hope you're having pretty weather as we have in Houston today.  Love, Sooz 
 Steve, for your information, the case in which the Commission denied ECT's petition for a limited waiver of the shipper must have title rule appears at 84 FERC P 61,222. 
 Attached is Shelley Corman's response to Jeff Dasovich, based on conversations with Drew and me.  Accordingly, I would advise you not to participate in the conference call Jeff is setting up for tomorrow.  Questions -- give me a call. 
 I'm attaching an article that I just received about the CPUC's and Indicated Shippers' protests of the recent ENA deal on El Paso.   I have a call in to Drew Fossum to talk about formulating a formal response, and I will keep you in that loop in case you get any inquiries.  (My initial, unofficial reaction is that with the marketing affiliate rules and other safeguards in place, the fact that ENA and Transwestern have the same parent company should make no difference to the FERC.)  Until further notice, I would avoid any communication with ENA on these issues.  If you have any questions, please e-mail or call me (x30596). 
 Anyway, Ann isn't coming on Friday because she can't stand it that everyone is a couple, so she is going instead with her ex boyfriend  to a dinner party given by some people she doesn't even know.  Although I am trying very hard to be understanding, I'm not doing a very good job.  When I was in her situation, I seem to remember enjoying my best friends' company whether I had a date or not!  But that's just me.  Hope you are still having tanning weather in Austin.  We certainly are here. If you feel you are not getting enough color for your trip to Cabo, I'll come before you leave and help you with the Clinique Tan-In-A-Tube!  (You will still have to wear sunscreen).  What are your trip dates again?  Have a good day!  Love, Sooz 
 Since the 311 belt/suspenders approach didn't quite fit, I've had to try to convince Mr. Hertzberg that he ought to rely on the NGA Sec. 1 exemption for gatherers (Frank Kelly and Frazier concur with us on this, by the way).  He is not convinced yet, although he is unable to cite any authority for his proposition that being a shipper on TW would subject a gathering company to FERC jurisdiction.  I pointed out that Agave, the owner and operator of an extensive gathering system that interconnects with TW's system, has for many years been a shipper on TW.  Also, Lindy has found that Red Cedar already has a long-term transportation contract on another interstate system, Transcolorado, so if Hertzberg's theory is right they are going to jail anyway!  Red Cedar also seems to be hung up on our requirement that shippers have title to the gas they ship.  At this point Lorraine and I believe they might just be looking for any excuse to get out of the deal.  If anything interesting happens I'll let you know. 
 Wow, you struck a nerve with this one!  My grandmother (Mema) is an absolute nightmare when around family, but really sweet to everyone else!  Everyone tells me how wonderful and nice she is (she meets lots of people I know on her commute to her office downtown), and I just have to keep my mouth shut because no one would believe some of the things she says & does.  Example: over Christmas she kept trying to tell my 8-months pregnant sister all kinds of delivery-room horror stories!  I finally had to yell at her to get her to shut up.  Maybe you remember Mema; she calls every so often and bullies receptionists and secretaries into tracking me down instead of just leaving a message.  Of course, everyone but me thinks it is really cute.  Hope your holiday was really great! 
 for bullets 
 see attached. 
 Drew, I've attached my proposed changes to the Red Cedar contract.  Our beloved Min/Max Language became a bit problematic, as you can see.  I'd welcome your comments on this. 
 Drew, here's an excerpt from a FERC letter order accepting for filing a nonconforming agreement filed by Dynegy Midstream...sounds a little bit like what the TW guys are trying to do, if I understand the concept of volumetric rates correctly.  Left a message for my friend at DMP but he (like everyone else) is out 'til next year.  But since there were no subsequent orders issued in the docket I assume there were no problems with the filing.  I'm still leaning towards recommending the $0 demand/ $0.02 commodity + file as nego. rate approach. If Steve Harris is OK with the idea of doing a deal that requires filing, I will draft something and send it your way.  * * * The referenced negotiated transaction provides for a transportation service under DMP's Rate Schedule FTS. Rather than paying a reservation charge, the negotiated agreement specifies that KGS will pay a volumetric rate. The volumetric rate will equal DMP's maximum interruptible transportation service rate as set forth in DMP's tariff. . .The contract also (a) specifies five Dth/d as KGS' maximum daily reservation quantity, (b) lists KGS' primary receipt as Meter # 9999999 and (c) identifies five primary delivery points for KGS. . . Upon filing Docket No. RP99-240-000, DMP stated that it agreed to the above negotiated rate so that KGS could serve small residential customers on DMP's system under a firm rate schedule. 
 Oops, wrong one -- I meant MK had comments on Red Cedar.  This one for Duke is OK. 
 Drew -- see MK's comments.  I'm trying to come up with some new language to address her concerns. 
 Did Stan make the call to FERC, I wonder. 
 I made a couple of minor changes.  Here are plain and redlined versions (I turned the tracker off on the plain one).    Also, be sure to fill in the contract #. 
 Thanks.  Lindy and I are going to look at whether any changes will need to be made to the pro forma sheets we've filed, and will get back to you. 
 no comments this month 
 See the attached (one shows redlining, the other does not) and let me know if you have further questions. 
 Basnea Corp. Basne Energy Management DeviaOne 
 This would be analogous to every time you send me an e-mail, I forward it directly to Drew and Maria.  How do you tactfully advise your coworkers about corporate etiquette?  I wonder. On a substantive note, I sincerely believe the analysis MKM wants is beyond the scope of this letter, and would have no qualms about sending it. 
 Hey girl!  Thanks for the book and the CD.  I lazed around the house enjoying both yesterday morning.  After we played tennis, Bill took me to Berryhill for fish tacos (al fresco) and later that evening we went to yet another Christmas party, where I drank champagne (but luckily not too much).  So it was a good birthday. Have a good day! 
 John Buchanan and I discussed TW's transfer of gas from the PG&E/Topock receipt/delivery point to the PG&E/Topock Park N' Ride point to implement TW's use of PG&E's Market Center service.  My understanding is that physically the points are one and the same, and that the transaction will simply be a paper transfer.  Since a contract is required in our system as a formality to implement the transfer, the rate TW will "charge" itself for the transfer is $0.  This message is to confirm that I see no legal or regulatory problems with the above scenario.  If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to e-mail or call me (x30596). 
 Bryan,  Are you still having a great time?  So what is Bali like?  The only images I can summon are Gauguin's paintings, but weren't those of Tahiti?  Things are pretty good here.  Lots of Christmas parties, lots of Christmas cheer, etc.  Not a whole lot going on at the office, for a change.  Really, though, I think I would much rather be in Bali.  Take care.  S. 
 Janet, please calendar these meetings for me.  Thanks. 
 I was successful shopping for Jim on-line at B&N and Territory Ahead.  Mum, only the book will be shipped to your house; I was on autopilot and typed in my work address for the other.  (Really missed the boat on tennis clothes. You have to act early.  Today I saw one of the Met pros leaving with his catalog to order FALL 2000 Nike stuff!)  Karin, I am probably going to make a stop at Macy's or Neiman's makeup counter at some point so I could pick up the Estee Lauder for MeeMaw* if you know the shade.  Bill's b-day is today; if you want to send a message his e-mail is 75261.151@compuserve.com.  That's all this elf knows.    * new trendy spelling with capital letter within the word 
 Here is a kitty for your office.  I really miss mine now that they are in Kitty Jail! 
 Contrary to popular belief I am alive...The 22nd works for me too (although given my current work situation I'm sure I'd be late - better late than never, right?)  Anyway, both of the current suggestions sound good ( I've been to Benji's - great food and heard really good things about Ousie's table as well).  But Laura was right, Lisa is currently my social planner - how scarey is that? - so she'll make sure I know what's going on.  Can't wait to see you guys, Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 As it appears I will be living and breathing the 32nd floor of the Enron building well through the first of the year, I've decided to break down and try to maintain my friendships via email.  You all know me well enough to know that this a huge step on my part ( I am not the world's best emailer). Anyway, I feel like I'm out of touch with what's going on in your collective lives and am thus missing out on some pretty wonderful, exciting and special things.  So when and if any of you get a chance shoot me back a quick note and let me know what's new in your life.  Love you guys, Susan  Jennifer - Hope work is going well.  I know this time of year has got to be crazy for anyone in your line of work, but I'm sure you're handling it well. We really need to go grab coffee, dinner, a movie or something soon.  I'm in need of a good chat.  Jessica - I know you're in the midst of finals right now and probably about to pull your hair out.  Just focus on the fact that they'll be over soon and you'll be off to London to see Ashley and Lee ( I am so jealous).  Please tell Clay I say hello and wish him good luck as well on y'alls exams.  Lisa - Hey sweetie!  I am so sorry I couldn't make it to your shower in SA, but Jen said it went really well.  We need to get together soon I've missed seeing you and especially hearing about the wedding and all the fun goings ons in your life.  Tell Brad I say "Hi" and I'll be glued to the TV set just like him on the on the 29th rooting on the Horns.  Emily - I really want to hear how your Thanksgiving went with Thomas and the "Fam".  Knowing Thomas it went great and your entire family (especially your Mom) is absolutely in love with him.  Keep me posted on your plans for the future ( I'm curious where you're going to end up geographically).  Also, I thought you'd find it interesting that I may have an opportunity to work in your old hometown - Chicago.  Any thoughts?  Elizabeth - I have really been out of touch with you and I am very mad at myself for letting that happen.  Please write back soon and let me know how school, your family and this new man in your life ( okay, I'm not completely out of touch) are all doing.  My guess is you're going through exams as well right now so I'll wish you the best of luck and infinite success. 
 Drew -- I worked with Jeff on this draft so it already contains my comments. 
 The only one I'm still not really sure about is Stanfield, which is in red. 
 GDP-CAL BORDER    4.33 GDP-CGT/APPALAC   4.53 GDP-CHI. GATE  4.45 GDP-HEHUB   4.37 GDP-ELPO/PERM2  4.10 GDP-ELPO/SANJUA  3.87 GDP-HPL/SHPCH  4.38 GDP-KERN/OPAL  3.65 GDP-PAN/TX/OK  4.21 GDP-TRCOZ6/NY  4.72 
 Hey Alicia,  Katy's email address is katyhester@hotmail.com and her phone number is (281)351-5669.  I know she would love to talk to you more about travelling - she has a lot of great ideas about places to go, things to see and things to do.  See ya, Susan 
 The book code is ALWAYS - XZ.  As for trade dates, that is not one of the fields I fill in for the exotics spreadsheet and I don't think that's something we'd really want to add as the file already takes up an extremely large amout of memory. 
 Here are the curves:  GDP-CAL BORDER GDP-CGT/APPALAC GDP-CHI. GATE GDP-CNG/SOUTH GDP-ELPO/PERM2 GDP-ELPO/SANJUA GDP-HEHUB GDP-HPL/SHPCH GDP-KERN/OPAL GDP-MALIN-CITYGA GDP-MICHCON GDP-NTHWST/CANB GDP-PAN/TX/OK GDP-PG&E/CITIGA GDP-TENN/500 GDP-TETCO/M3 GDP-TRCOZ6/NY GDP-WAHA NW STANF/1ST-GD NW-STANFIELD   Thanks for all of the help, Susan 
 You guys better brace yourselves...there are some real doozies.  I keep waiting for HR to just show up one day and fire us all ( her for telling the stories and us for listening).    Enron Capital Management 
 It's compensation for poor self-esteem...Oh wait, I don't have poor self-esteem - You're right, Big Ego!!    Enron Capital Management 
 You planned that didn't you.   You guys can't get enough of me.    Enron Capital Management 
 That was too cute.  How's your week been going?  I can't wait to come out next week...it will be so nice to get away for a while.  Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Does anyone know this person or his organization?  Is this something our membership might be interested in?  Frankly I have been too busy to think about this -- if you have any comments let's talk.  Susan Scott 713-853-0596 
 Hey Bronwyn,  I just realized I never emailed you back ( I am a bad, bad person).  Glad to hear things are going well with you.  It was so neat to run into you in Houston, I see your brother around the building quite a bit but I don't think he recognizes me.  I'll have to make a point to reintroduce myself the next time I see him.  So what's new with you?  Have you moved?  I know you were thinking about LA a while back...I've got a couple of friends from high school who are living out there and are really having a good time.  Anyway, I completely understand the urge to try something new.  I too am thinking of making a move before next summer ( I don't know exactly where, but somewhere outside of Texas...I really need to experience something different).  Speaking of which, Emily is in London going to graduate school right now.  I've already been to visit her once there and she's trying to talk me into moving over there.  I would actually love to go, if there was a job with Enron there that interested me.  As for my dating life, it is relatively unchanged.  I was seeing one guy for a while, really liked him, things were going great ( I thought )...then he seemed to loose interest and decided 2 mos. into things to tell me he has issues and that he'd been married before.  Needless to say, that was pretty much the end of things.  It's made me a little hesitant when it comes to meeting new guys, but at the same time I had so much fun in the beginning that I'm still optimistic about my dating future.  How about you?  Concerning Kappa...I'll give you a run down on everyone I still keep in touch with.  Corey's in Law School at Texas ( doing great of course) and has already secured a clerkship with a federal judge in Galveston when she graduates.  Jessica Bateman is now Jessica Pulliam - and she too is in Law School at Texas and has secured a federal clerkship with a judge in Dallas when she graduates.  Elizabeth's is in Med School in San Antonio and dating a fellow med student there.  Stephanie Spence is now Stephanie Williams and is living and working in Dallas.  Lisa Meador is getting married next April to a guy from Texas ( he was a KA, there Brad Thealman (sp?) ) who is absolutely perfect for her.  That about sums it up, but if there's anyone else you're wondering about just ask...I can probably find out some scoop.  Talk to you soon, Susan       Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 The deal has been rebooked.  Thanks 
 Hey guys,  Just wanted to let you know that Kori Loibl has offered up her apartment as a Pre-party spot.  The financial desk will be there as well as Purvi & her boyfriend and  Mo "the bomb" Sanchez and her fianc,e John.  Don't know if you guys have any interest, but the offer's open.  Either way, we'll have to find someplace extend the festivities after the X-mas party shuts down...(the Black Swan, Eu-grope-a, etc).  Susan 
 Here are some of the main curves....attached is a file containing the rest. 
 Hey Lisa,  Good job on the organization.  Do you have any recommendations for what I could bring or is there anything you think we really need?  Also, just to double check, we're getting together next Monday night right?  Susan 
 Sorry Beatrice,  I sent this to Greg and forgot to send it to you as well.  This is a preliminary file until I have the official NGI settle prices for Chicago City Gate and Socal.  Let me know it you have any questions.  Susan 
 Couple of minor changes.  Looking good! 
 Call me with any questions.  I'll send you the final version when I have the official NGI settle prices.  Susan 
 Please include my name on the list of attendants for the brown bag tomorrow.  Thank you, Susan Scott 
 Dan,  I am currently sitting in the Coal group's old area on 32.  While dealing with some computer issues Friday, I came across an expandable file full of Coal related documents buried beneath my desk.  The documents and contracts seem pretty old, which is why I assume no one has missed them.  Still, I wanted to contact you to see if you would like me to run them down rather than simply discard them.  If you could email or call me at x31455 and let me know what I should do with them I would appreciate it (as you know space is limited up here).  Thanks, Susan 
 Larry,  For some reason the mail router keeps rejecting the files I'm trying to send you (GDOpt&Swap and PipePos).  If you have access to the rest of the system here you should be able to get into the PipOpt folder with out any problems. If you don't end up coming in tomorrow I'll get with IT and try and figure out a way to email you these files.  Give me a call at 713-853-1455 if you need anything.  I went ahead and attached a copy of your P&L from Friday if you want to take a look at that.  I tried calling you with the number, but I never got an answer.  Also, there was a confirm that came in for you Friday with Amerex: They show you Buying a 1/day  BOM (12/2-12/31) HeHub Gas Daily $7.00 Call Option at $0.26.  The counterparty was Cinergy...Let me know if this is a good trade and we'll get it loaded into the system.  Thanks, Susan 
 Also Larry, there was a confirm that came in for you Friday with Amerex: They show you Buying a 1/day  BOM (12/2-12/31) HeHub Gas Daily $7.00 Call Option at $0.26.  The counterparty was Cinergy...Let me know if this is a good trade and we'll get it loaded into the system.  Thanks, Susan 
 Also, there was a confirm that came in Friday with Amerex for you Buying 1/day  BOM (12/2-12/31) HeHub Gas Daily $7.00 Call Option at $0.26.  The counterparty was Cinergy...Let me know if this is a good trade and we'll get it loaded into the system.  Thanks, Susan 
 The apartment complex needs for you to fax them a statement saying you are no longer living in our apartment and they need it by tomorrow morning.  If I don't here from you via email/msngr  by the end of tonight I'm going to forge one and fax it to them.  Actually, I can do that regardless if you don't mind.  Just drop me a line and let me know what works for you.  Hope things are going well.  I actually worked 21 straight hours the other day/night (7:45 am Tuesday until 4:45 am Wednesday)...I think this constitutes cruel and unusual punishment. 
 FYI.  Jan, I know Shelley's out; I left her a voice mail. 
 Great minds.... 
 Well, how does it feel to be back?  I'm sure, even though our fair city can't compete with London for history and culture, there are a few things you've missed about this place.  Hope the flight back was good and I'm sure I'll be seeing you around.  Susan 
 If you could run the same valuation for Deal #'s QC1431.1 and QC1431.2 using Post-id 956785, we could verify that they changes you've made correctly value the basis offset whether a deal index flat or index +/- .  Call me if you have any questions.  Thanks, Susan 
 The deals included below are strictly index flat gas daily options.  I'm going to send Shouan an Index +/- deal as well so that he can verify that the basis offset is valuing correctly in both situations. 
 Actually, if you don't expect me to keep up with you the whole 8K's, I could probably muster up the energy.  Besides, I'm planning on sleeping the entire way out there so I'll end up getting more sleep that night than normal.  Do I need to do anything to sign up for the run?    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 CurveView Parameters  Risk Type:   Price     (P) Source:   NG_OMICRON_1,2,3...etc Curve Type:  Volatility Percent   (VO) 
 Okay...My itinerary is as follows:  Arriving in San Diego 2:20 am Friday night (I'll need your new address for the cab) and departing Sunday at 6:15 pm.  If you just want to leave the key under the mat that would be perfect for me...I'll probably crash immediately anyway.  I am so excited to be coming out there - -  I really need a break from Houston...not to mention work.  The Gas Lamp district Saturday night sounds like fun and I would love to meet your friends.  Also, please don't feel like you have to plan the whole weekend, I have no problem going with the flow.  See you in a couple of weeks, Susan 
 Okay, so here's the debate...There's a flight out Friday night leaving Houston at 11:00 pm and getting into SD around 2:20 in the morning.  The next earlier flight leaves Houston around 5:30 pm but unfortunately there's no way I could make that one because of  work.  The other option is to fly in Saturday morning like I did last time.  I'm leaning towards leaving Friday night and just taking a cab to your place as long as you don't mind waking up to let me in.  That way we'd have all day Saturday to do things and I wouldn't leave on Sunday until around 3:30 (or I could even leave around 6:00).  Anyway, I was just wondering what you think about the various options?  Let me know and I'll try and book this thing today.  Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Charles Bradley Scott....hope the wedding plans are still going well.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I just received a call from Nancy Bagot informing me that FERC has issued a draft order suspending our proposed Transport Options tariff sheets until May 1, 2001 and accepting them subject to the outcome of a technical conference. The technical conference is to take place within 120 days of the order and will address issues raised in protests. I should be receiving a copy of the draft order soon.  Please call or e-mail me if you have questions. 
 I found the picture from Tin Hall the other night and that guy at Whataburger was definitely one of the "cute cowboys."  How weird is that?  Anyway, hope you're flight home and immediate transition to the classroom went smoothly. I guess I'll be seeing you in about two weeks and by that time, hopefully, I'll know more about my London prospects.  Susan 
 I'd told my theory to my friend Linda, who wanted to be a social scientist and was always coming up with theories herself.  I'd concluded that breasts were to sex what pillows were to sleep.  "Guys might think they want a pillow, but they'll sleep just as well without one." She'd said, "Guys will sleep anywhere if they're really tired." 
 Start at the bottom and work your way up....I'd forgotten this is how I get over guys, flush-out the shortcomings of their wit. 
 It was very small and petty of me, but I couldn't resist.  Start with the last message and work your way up to get the full story.  Good luck studying, Susan 
 Although, as a women, "cojones" aren't necessarily the best attribute to have...there never has been, nor will there ever be a question of my possessing them - even you would have to concede that much.  As for the bet, if I recall correctly (and I always do) someone once said they had a little bit of a "problem" gambling and I could not in good conscious have acted as an enabler.  And, a true fan (longhorn or not) is there through the good times and the bad and believe me I been there through it all (a degrading loss to your alma mater, as well as an unbelievably beautiful victory over Nebraska) always managing to stick it out no matter how bleak things got. Speaking of which it must sting being beat by the last place team in your conference...but I'm sure the Pac-10's record against non-conference opponents is really helping to ease that blow.  Speaking of feather's in the conference cap, looks like our next national champion is going to be from the Big 12 - will wonders never cease.  My Monday is going great, thank you very much and I will show extreme restraint and refrain from any Chips comments ( Besides, I don't have time to type that much ).  UCLA could stand a chance next year if the NFL doesn't prove too tempting to some of your vets...how does that saying go,  "Like rats fleeing a sinking ship?" 
 Well, given the impressive results of Friday's game, I suppose I should've taken the bet...I mean I knew we were good, but I didn't realize we were THAT good.  Watching the game I couldn't help but remember some comments made not too long ago about this being a building season and that the Horns would be a force to be reckoned with come the next two seasons - - I love it when I'm right.  With an increasingly more confident sophomore quarterback leading the charge and three (count them three) very mature freshman receivers all eager to make big plays, not to mention last year's top quarterback recruit Chance Mock serving as a back-up, next season promises to be something to watch.  My condolences on your prospects not looking quite as bright .  Hope you had a nice Thanksgiving and good luck helping all of your Aggie co-workers through this trying time.  Susan  (Oh and Chip, I'd store the Gig'em sweater-vest away for the next 360 days or so if you want to avoid any post-game ridicule...in a round about way you are an "Ag" man now.) 
 Hey Chris,  I was wondering if there was a fax number at the base so that my apartment complex can send you some info.  regarding getting your name taken off of our lease.  If there is, just shoot me off an email with the number and I'll pass it along to them.  Hope things are going well and that you're not too homesick with Thanksgiving and all.  I have a feeling I will be talking to you guys tomorrow along with both of our parents and extended family members.  Have a great holiday and root on the Horns ( I think this is going to be a tough one).  Love, Susan 
 Sorry it took me so long to get back to you.  Unfortunately, I'm not a betting woman (I'm afraid any team I bet on is automatically jinxed and I can't vote against my alma mater)...so I will kindly refrain from any wagers.  Have a great Thanksgiving Holiday, Susan  The options book is still the options book and I think I will have put in at least 36 of my 40 hours this week.  I know, I know...I'm not working hard enough,    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Here are a couple of deals to look at.  Q22452.1 and Q97452.2   Thanks, Susan 
 Okay, there's a flight out of Houston on the 15th that gets into SD at 10:45 pm and the return flight is on Sunday around 3:30.  If that works for you I'm going to go ahead and book the ticket now.  I'm so glad to hear that you're move was such a rousing success.  As for myself and all of the guy juggling, I'm trying to get that under control. Truth be told, none of them are worth a dime.  I think it was more of an ego thing on my part.  Anyway, I still can't see the point in wasting time on guys I'm not interested in so (like I said) I've ceased the rampage.  I'm not taking any time off for Christmas so this trip would be a very welcomed respite.  Let me know about the times.  Susan 
 Demetrius, what I nice e-mail!  It was great to see you too.  Unfortunately I have a really busy short week this week; we are trying to get something filed at FERC.  If you're in town next week do give me a call or e-mail.  I hope you have a happy Thanksgiving! Susan 713-853-0596 
 Hey Julie,  Congratulations on the promotion, that's so exciting (I'm sure you've more than earned it).  I just wanted to drop a line and see how work,  your new apartment/roommate and Brendan are all doing.  All are wonderful I hope.  I realize this is somewhat random, but I just found some great airfares from Houston to San Diego ($99 each way!!!) and was wondering what you were doing the weekend of Dec. 15?  I know this time of year is kind of crazy so I will totally understand if you have holiday parties, etc. to attend.  Regardless, this deal is good for travel through the end of February 2001, so....if it doesn't look like it's going to work before the end of the year, maybe I could make a visit mid-January or February.  Have a great holiday weekend and I'll talk to you soon.  Susan 
 I completely forgot to call you this afternoon...it got kind of crazy around here.  If you're going to be at the flat any time tomorrow shoot me off and email and I'll call you in the morning, ....otherwise I'll talk to you tomorrow when you get to H-town. 
 It sounds great...we'll figure out a good time then.  I've really missed you guys these last few weeks.  I've been completely MIA. 
 Hey Darren,  It's funny you mentioned Wilson because I just got an email from him this morning.  He seems to think he'll be in Houston in the near future as well. Hopefully, we can all get together and go out or hit steak night for some cold ones.  So H-town for six weeks hugh?  Why the mixed feelings?  Are they work related or were you just starting to get settled in London?  Anyway, I'll have to give Nick a call about the big news...I may have an idea what it's all about but then again maybe not.  So what's with this Kiwi girl? Because, I actually have made some progress regarding London.  Turns out there may be some structuring and originating opportunities for me over there which would be much more in line with where I'd like my "career" to be going versus the other opportunities I was being offered.  Either way, I won't be going over until March or April of next year so it's still a ways off.  As for the guy scene...yes, there has been some courting but nothing really to speak of.  I've gone out on a couple of dates but I can't say I really see them going anywhere.  Most of the guys around my age are still pretty insecure and I'm never going to be the kind of girl that wants to "shape and mold them" into men...I just don't have the patience or the inclination.  And the other end of the spectrum (single guys in their late 30's/early 40's) who seem to hover around like gnats just give me the creeps.  Oh well, as I've said before "hope springs eternal".  Talk to you soon, Susan 
 Hey Wilson,  Yep, I'm still in Houston for the time being...I'll probably be here through March of next year when my current rotation ends.  Everything's going pretty well, work is still consisting of long hours but I think ultimately the hard work is going to pay off.  In fact, the whole London thing is looking pretty good right now.  There might be an opportunity for me to get into some structuring and originating roles over there which is much more along the lines of where I'd like to go (versus this whole trader support thing - great experience for the time being, but definitely not a permanent role).  Glad to hear things are still well with you.  Sounds like you're still the same old Wilson...working deals and hooking-up.  You'll have to let me know when you're going to be in town so we can get the gang together to go out.  It looks like Darren's going to be back in town for about 6 weeks or so coming up so hopefully we could all make a steak night reunion.  I've been going out quite a bit as well and have had a couple dates, but nothing really to speak of.  I was kind of on a rampage over the last month just messing with guys heads (flirting, getting them to buy me drinks, giving them my number and then completely ignoring them).  I think it was some need I had to treat your entire gender like shit.  I'm pretty much over it though.  It's not really in my nature to be like that, just a reactionary thing for having been treated like crap myself.  Keep in touch and let me know when you're going to be in town.  Susan 
 Thought you'd like this one... 
 Like I was saying the other night, there are a lot of funny emails going around these days... 
 Travis thought you'd get a kick out of this... 
 Hey, I'll try and give you a call tonight at your flat.  As far as "free nights" over Thanksgiving go...I'm pretty much open Tues, Wed, Fri and Sat. Katy and I are very excited about taking you out to get some REAL margaritas.  I can't remember where your favorite ones are, but where ever they may be the drinks are on me.  (Although given your increased tolerance these days, you may break me).  The reason I was asking about when you were coming home is...Jeffy Jeff is playing Gruene Hall the 15th and 16th of December and If you were up to it, I thought it'd be a good weekend trip for you, Katy, myself and whomever else may want to tag along (especially since it doesn't look like we'll be making it to Gruene over New Years).  Plus, if we did go I think I could swing leaving Friday night and not coming back until Monday morning...The outlet mall is calling your name.  Talk to you soon, Susan  PS - I have encouraging news regarding London, I'll tell you more about it when I talk to you.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Strangely enough a Tuesday night would probably be better for me too.  I think an all girls gift exchange would be really fun but, as you guys well know, I'm up for anything.  As for restaurants, I just tried this new place called Bossa's and it was really good.  It's right across from the Rice Hotel downtown and has a neat atmosphere.  Of course there are also all kinds of places around our "area of town" that would be great as well...PF Chang's, Mi Luna, Americas, La Griglia (sp?), etc. etc.  Just let me know the time and place.  Thanks again Lisa for organizing all of this, you're the greatest.  Susan  PS- If any one has an urge to grab a bite to eat or coffee either tonight or tomorrow night let me know.  I feel like I haven't seen you guys in forever. 
 First of all, this is a brand-new contract, not a modification of one that used to be IT. It's for LFT space that we have posted according to our usual procedure.  A receipt point has now been specified:  Bloomfield Compressor.  Our tariff allows us to cancel LFT up to 10 days a month, but it also provides that the parties can agree that the number of days can be fewer, so Sempra negotiated us down to only one day.  TK worked with Darrell Schoolcraft on this and they determined this would be acceptable from an operational standpoint. Scheduling will happen pursuant to the LFT priority set forth in our tariff. I left a message for you just now; call when you have a minute. 
 I definitely want to renew, but as you know I never get home before the leasing office closes.  I've got paintball Saturday morning but I know that won't take all day so maybe I can go by in the afternoon to sign any necessary papers.  My guess is you'll need to sign some papers as well. 
 Edwards Greenway  The Legend of Bagger Vance Will Smith helps Matt Damon find his lost swing in "The Legend of Bagger Vance." Will it be an ace or air shot? Nov 14-Nov 16 Tue-Thu 2:00pm , 3:00pm , 4:00pm , 5:00pm , 6:00pm , 7:00pm , 8:00pm , 9:00pm , 10:00pm , 10:45pm  Remember the Titans In "Remember the Titans," Denzel Washington stars as a high school football coach tackling racism in the 1970s. Nov 14-Nov 16 Tue-Thu 1:30pm , 2:00pm , 4:15pm , 4:45pm , 7:00pm , 7:30pm , 9:35pm , 10:00pm  Pay It Forward In "Pay It Forward," a boy tries to set his teacher up with his alcoholic mother. Not your usual happy hour. Nov 14-Nov 16 Tue-Thu 2:00pm , 2:45pm , 4:30pm , 5:30pm , 7:15pm , 8:15pm , 9:50pm , 10:40pm  River Oaks  Billy Elliot Boxing and ballet don't make for boyhood bliss in "Billy Elliot." Try saying that three times fast. Nov 14-Nov 16 Tue-Thu 4:45pm , 7:10pm , 9:30pm 
 Any interest in doing something tonight? 
 Still need to add a few things, but most of it's already there.  The only things missing are the GD files we created and the GD FOM valuation problem that I've been working on with Shouan and Jeremy (there was a bug in the code). 
 Agustin,  I am trying to confirm the counterparty on one of your deals so that it can be properly assigned in TAGG.  The ticket for the deal in question reads Barcel Mexico.  However, I spoke recently with Beatrice Reyna who informed me that you believed the counterparty to be one of the Bimbo companies.  If you wouldn't mind looking into this and getting back to me with the correct counterparty name it would be much appreciated.  Thanks, Susan  Deal Parameters - Costless Collar  Deal Date:       8/24/00 Delivery Point:  Avg (IF-TETCO/STX and PGE) Time Frame:  9/01/00 - 02/28/2001 Volume:  38,000 MMBTU/month ENA Sells:  $5.20 Call ENA Buys:  $4.00 Put 
 Stacey,  Please include me on the list for Tuesday's brown bag with Jen Fraser.  Thanks, Susan 
 I know some of you may think I've dropped off the face of the earth, but believe it or not I am still alive.  As usual, I would love to meet you guys next Thursday and plan on doing so.  However, I do reserve the right to bail last minute due to work.  Susan  - - By the way, for those how look forward to Susan stories I've got tons....   (Sorry for sending this to you twice Jen.) 
 I know some of you may think I've dropped off the face of the earth, but believe it or not I am still alive.  As usual, I would love to meet you guys next Thursday and plan on doing so.  However, I do reserve the right to bail last minute due to work.  Susan  - - By the way, for those how look forward to Susan stories I've got tons.... 
 Get me a ticket and I'll see what I can do...I call later.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Mark:  Please review the attached agreement, which is similar to what was in place before. I have not included specific projects in the agreement, but at the outset, consistent with our conversation the other day, we will need you to monitor the following proceedings and provide us with updates and copies of any orders or presentation materials:  - Gas Industry Restructuring proceeding (I.99-07-003) - OII on SoCal and SDG&E (I.00-11-002) - PG&E Gas Accord II  If you have any questions, please give me a call.  If the attached is acceptable to you, please print it out and sign it, and return it to me.  We look forward to working with you!  Sincerely, Susan Scott Transwestern Pipeline Company 1400 Smith St., Room 4788 Houston, Texas 77002 (713) 853-0596 (713) 853-5425 (fax) 
 Low blow with the "weekends are my time..." comment.  Anyway, Friday should be cool so just go ahead and give me a call in the afternoon and we'll go from there.  Susan  - - Gas prices up almost $.50 in two days...it is a madhouse around here.      Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Thanks for the attached deal information, Shouan.  Looking at the data I feel confident that, once we are past the first day of the month, the gas daily options curveshift is valuing correctly.  However, I am still concerned with the valuation from 10/31.  Is there anyway to see same breakdown on 11/2 and 11/3 for 10/31's position.  If you could send me that information in the same format I think we may have an answer for the changed deal value we saw fall out of my trader's book on 11/1.  Susan 
 Gregory,  The book code is XZP for all of the Basis option deals.  The book code does not change month to month, it is always XZP.  Thanks, Susan 
 CONGRATULATIONS !  I just found out that you were extended an offer by the Big E.  I can't tell you how happy I am that I didn't have to question the intelligence of my company.  Hope you had a good birthday and I'll see you at the A&M game. 
 Marcelo,  Thanks for the update.  I have been given a green light as well to go ahead and start testing my traders deals.  Let me know if you just need TAGG deal numbers for testing purposes, or if I need to rebook deals myself in your test version in order to compare it valuation with the valuation in my excel models.  Thanks, Susan  x31455    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Hey Kyle,  You'll be happy to know that I think I finally caught up on all of the sleep I've been missing out on of late.  Last week was extremely trying at work, I think I probably put in a good 70-75 hrs. between Monday and Friday, and thus resulted in me being a complete and total vegetable this weekend.  Anyway, I'm assuming you've been trying to relax as well and have some fun before embarking on your new career with Valero.  I'm sure your decision to leave Enron and move back to San Antonio will prove to be the right one.  In regards to dinner this Friday...I would definitely like to get together before you leave.  Given how I've been feeling on Friday evenings as of late (monumentally exhausted), sometime earlier in the week might be better. However, if Friday's the only time you can do it then Friday it is.  Just let me know what works for you.  Of course, regardless of what night it is, it's probably going to have to be on the later side to accommodate Larry's lackey (i.e. me).  Susan 
 Thanks Carrie.  I went ahead and made the counterparty name change so that it will be properly reflected next month.  Susan 
 Count me in for tomorrow's brown bag lunch with Berney Aucoin.  Thanks, Susan Scott 
 Hi Maria Victoria!  I'm planning to be there right at 12.  At the entrance they usually have a table where you pick up your name tag; we can meet there if you like.  See you soon! 
 Jessica,  I'm sorry I never got in touch with you last weekend, but I had the wrong phone number with me and didn't have enough brain power to think of using Information.  I don't think I would have been much fun anyway since I pretty much just ended up sleeping the whole weekend.  In fact, I fell asleep in the car on the ride back to my sister's house after the game and my parents decided to just leave me in the car.  I think I was probably out there for an hour before I woke up (needless to say I was very confused).  Anyway, hope things are going well for you and Clay.  I know everything must be kind of crazy for both of you right now with finals coming up and all of the interviewing you've both no doubt been doing.  I really want to get a chance to see you and chat...I don't feel like we've had a good one in forever.  I will be in Austin over Thanksgiving for the game, so we could try to touch base then if you're going to be in town.  If not, I'm sure I can manage at least one weekend trip during December if there's a good weekend for you.  Just drop me  a line when you get a chance and let me know what's new with you.  Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Let me know if any of the deals values in the attached file are incorrect.  Thanks, Susan 
 Stacey,  I was wondering if there was still room in the brown bag today with Dan Reck.  If there are spaces available, I would like to add my name to the list of attendants.  Thanks, Susan 
 Deal #Q75558.2 - Counterparty is CIA Papelera Mandonado and the counterparty contact is Francisco Elosua.  Agustin Perez is the originator on the deal. 
 Can we have a 10-15 min meeting sometime today before 3:00 p.m.?  Also, I've filled out the remainder of the login and password file for my information. 
 login:        sscott5 pswrd:      enrono5sc     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Week from HELL!!!! 
 OK, here's my 2 cents' worth:  Avale Corp. I also like Enable. I think either one would look fine on an EBB list of customers...  Also -- any name we choose could include the words Capacity Management.  But I'm not sure we want to or need to be that descriptive. 
 On November 2, 2000, the California PUC issued an Order Instituting Investigation into the adequacy of Sempra's, SoCal's and SDG&E's planning of SoCal's and SDG&E's gas transmission system and what measures should be taken to correct any deficiencies.  The parties have been ordered to appear and show cause at a hearing (to be scheduled by the assigned ALJ) demonstrating that:  - SDG&E has adequate gas and transmission supply for the 2000/2001 winter heating season, as well as the longer term throughout the year.  If such supply is not adequate, SDG&E shall submit plans for obtaining an adequate supply.  - SDG&E's gas and transmission supply is adequate to meet anticipated need for gas-fired electric generation.  If not, SDG&E shall submit plans for obtaining adequate supply.  - SDG&E's  gas transmission service is not being adversely affected by interests of its corporate affiliates.  - Recently added demands on SDG&E's capacity are not negatively impacting supply for SDG&E's customers, and are otherwise consistent with representations to the Commission.  - SDG&E's current gas curtailment rules are just and reasonable; if not, SDG&E shall propose changes.  A written response from the three parties on these issues is due on November 22.  Other parties may file comments on the response within 10 days after the response is filed.  The Commission also ordered SDG&E to evaluate whether an interim, interruptible program, which will provide cost incentives to those customers voluntarily electing interruptible service, is needed this winter.  If so, SDG&E must submit a proposal for expedited Commission consideration.  The OII represents the Commission's response to an Advice Letter filed by SDG&E requesting emergency review and approval of its proposal to temporarily revise the gas transportation service level elections of its large electric generation customers.  The Advice Letter was heavily protested and was withdrawn by SDG&E.  In my conversation with Mark Baldwin regarding our pending consulting agreement for monitoring California regulatory matters for Transwestern, I asked him to watch for Sempra's Nov. 22 filing and to advise whether he believes Transwestern should file comments or appear at the hearing that is to be scheduled.  I will follow up with Mark, and provide you with a copy of the filing. 
 Thanks.  As for getting talked into buying all the extras, I'm not as easily convinced of things as some people I know ( Cow fingers?).  Halloween at the Big E wasn't nearly as fun as I'd hoped...I mean, they keep the candy in machines and you have to actually pay for it...that just borders on cruel.  Susan  By the way,  you'll have to question  the college coaches and sports writers out there if you have any issues with the rankings.  I am merely the messenger. 
 Deal # Q47477 has been rebooked. 
 Kyle,  I want you to know how much getting your email today meant to me.  I was hoping to be able to respond with the same kind of care and consideration you showed, but - as you can see from the time on this email - today has been a bit on the rough side.  I will continue my thoughts tomorrow when I have more time to gather them, but until then I wanted you to know that I did get the email and that it contained quite possibly some of the kindest and most touching things ever said to me.  And, please know that you would never, ever be put in one of my stalker catagories...you could never be lumped in any catagory with the SP's of the world.  Susan  As for the good-bye, I would have to give it high marks as well. 
 Hey,  Quick question, I was hoping to go get my car detailed this weekend and I remembered that you had your truck detailed a while back...I was wondering where you had it done and if you thought they did a good job ( I'm assuming the place is pretty close to our area of town).  I finally got into the parking garage and have decided I now have real incentive to keep my car looking nice.  Hope things are well with you.  I talked to Darren last week and it sounds as though he is extremely busy these days.  I'm guessing the story's much the same with you - a far cry from the listless days you two spent in Net Works. Anyway, if you could let me know about the detailing I would appreciate it.  Susan  By the way, since there's no telling if I'll have the opportunity to gloat two weeks from now (Tech in Lubbock is never a safe bet) - and while neither season has been one for the record books (except of course for our loss to OU - one of the worst in history) - I noticed that unlike the Longhorns, your beloved Bruins are conspicuously absent from the top 25.  Oh well, c'est la vie. 
 Don't know when you'll get a chance to read this, but I must confess it made me a bit teary eyed.  I didn't think he had it in him to be so eloquent.  As for New Year's Eve, I have to say I'm kind of with Kasey.  As much as I'd love to see Gary P., I don't really want to risk the drive and I'm guessing no one else does either.  Hope you had a good weekend and I'll talk to you soon.  Sue 
 The Post-Ted Susan is out of control.  In less than a week's time I have mugged down with 3 guys and have a fourth one emailing me to go out sometime.  Funny thing is I'm not really interested in any of them, just having fun.  Hope all well with you.  Susan 
 No need to apologize for keeping me out Wednesday night, it was probably more a case of me keeping myself out (I have been known to do that on occasion). I'm sorry I didn't return your call yesterday, but I had a pretty crazy day here and that mixed with me only running on about two cylinders effectively cut me off from the outside world.  As for being upset about anything, don't worry I'm not.  You know me well enough to know that my actions are my own. I'm not sure if I'm going to stay in Austin Saturday night or not, but in case I do my cell # is 281-844-0866.  Susan  I'll see you at Purvi's happy hour if you end up going. 
 Ted -- see minor changes on the attached. Try to get them to agree to Texas law.  (Might help to point out that our interconnect agreement with Calpine as well as any transport agreement will be governed by Texas law.) Thanks, Susan 
 No need to apologize for keeping me out Wednesday night, it was probably more a case of me keeping myself out (I have been known to do that on occasion). I'm sorry I didn't return your call yesterday, but I had a pretty crazy day here and that mixed with me only running on about two cylinders effectively cut me off from the outside world.  As for being upset about anything, don't worry I'm not.  You know me well enough to know that my actions are my own. I'm not sure if I'm going to stay in Austin Saturday night or not, but in case I do my cell # is 281-844-0866.  Susan  I'll see you at Purvi's happy hour if you end up going. 
 So....Can you cover me for one night next week?  I could be back the next morning by 8:00 am. 
 It's muster - to pass inspection...(how does mustard make sense?  It's not like the Grey Poupon commercials.)  Main Entry: 1mus?ter Pronunciation: 'm&s-t&r Function: noun Etymology: Middle English mustre, from Middle French mostre, monstre, from monstrer Date: 14th century 1 : a representative specimen : SAMPLE 2 a : an act of assembling; specifically : formal military inspection b : critical examination c : an assembled group : COLLECTION d : INVENTORY  Get some rest, it's probably pretty easy to catch a cold with the damp, cold weather there.  Susan 
 I don't want to stop being nice, but I think it gets me into trouble. 
 Your welcome.  As for myself, I'm doing pretty good these days.  I've been up in Austin practically every weekend for the games and have actually been managing to go out a bit more here in Houston during the week in an effort to become social again.  There isn't too much new in Tejas...the weather's still warm and a bit on the muggy side, but what can you expect it's only almost November. Today is Wednesday, so of course Steak Night is on the agenda for this evening.  Actually, the guy who trained me for my current job is leaving Enron and his happy hour just happens to be at Little Woodrow's tonight - how convenient.  On the man front, I've put myself back out on the "market" so to speak and have a couple of pursuant suitors right now (although, I don't know that in the end any of them will pass muster).  Unfortunately for them I am somewhat sceptical of guys in general these days (especially ones that I can't get background information on through friends), but I'm trying not to let that color my opinion too much.  Not to worry about your former neighbor either, I haven't seen or talked to him in a couple of weeks and that's okay with me.  Drop me a line when you get the chance, Susan 
 Hey Darren,  Just thought I'd let you know that Billy Lemmons mentioned you by name in one of the Analyst/Associate brown bag lunches.  He was talking about the Ag Trading initiative and who spear-headed the effort (I think the other guy he mentioned was Jay Fitzgerald).  Anyway, thought you'd like to now you're definitely making a name for yourself around here.  Hope things are going well with you.  Talk to you soon,  Susan 
 I believe this email was intended for you. 
 Yes, the deal would have been for today.  I'm not sure who the trader was and Larry has already left for the day.  I will probably just leave a note for him with his packet and resolve the issue tomorrow.  Thanks, Susan     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Canada Corp. 
 Did any of your traders do a deal with Larry May at Sumas selling half-a-day at +.03? 
 Mary, I finally was able to locate my copy of the Alternative Rates Policy Statement and found the following language:  "A pipeline may file the numbered tariff sheet implementing the negotiated rate at the time it intends the rate to go into effect. The Commission does not intend to suspend the effectiveness of negotiated rate filings or impose a refund obligation for those rates. For these reasons, the Commission will readily grant requests to waive the 30 day notice requirement."  I think it might be fair to interpret the first sentence such that it's OK to file on the same day.  This reinforces my belief that our waiver language is fine as is. 
 This email is in regards to the Halloween party at the Continental Club.  I would like to confirm my attendance for the night of the Oct. 26.  Thank you, Susan Scott 
 I would like to reserve a spot at tomorrow's brown bag with Billy Lemmons.  Thank you, Susan Scott 
 Both legs have been rebooked.  Thanks, Susan 
 Thought you'd get a kick out of this one.  By the way, did you guys end up doing the "holiday greeting" thing? 
 I was just wondering if there was any more information available regarding the upcoming Super Saturday events.  I would be glad to help out in any capacity.  Thanks, Susan 
 Marcelo,  Evidently, there has been some discussion regarding the use of Enpower for Natural Gas basis options.  As a result I've been advised to hold off on any meetings until further notice.  Thanks again for all of your help and I will be in touch with you as soon as I know how we are going to progress.  Susan 
 Deal # Q52317 -  The counterparty is Nylon de Mexico and the contact is Alberto Diosdado.  The originator on the deal is Agustin Perez. 
 For October 19: Put the obsession and dedication back into your job, health, and daily life. Stressful matters beyond your control have leached away much of the excitement that makes life enjoyable. Use this Mercury retro period to reinvent your work philosophy and improve your health and lifestyle. The resources and relief you seek are available, but you may be expected to kowtow and kiss butt to get what you need. Are you willing -- or not? I can't blame you if your high standards won't allow anything to compromise your vision. But if you're feeling pragmatic, use the next 3 weeks to cook up an agreement you can live with. 
 Looks good.  Thanks for the heads-up, Susan 
 p.s. the tariff sheet we need to file is 5B.05. 
 I just got the email from our UT recruiter naming all of the Super Saturday candidates.  Kudos.  I'm so glad we didn't embarrass ourselves by overlooking you a second time.  I'll see what I can do about getting assigned to your dinner group.  See you this weekend. 
 Just thought you'd like to know that Roger Ebert gave the movie 3 stars.  He had many of the same comments to make about the film and Dallas as you.  Talk to you soon, Susan 
 You need to give me your messenger address so we can "talk". 
 Those were great Chris.  Sorry no emails sooner to tell you all of my trip to London, which was incredible, but alas I am back at work and therefore swamped.  Mom said you guys had a great time in China.  I hope you took lots of pictures.  I'm not sure if she already passed along the bad news, but it doesn't look like I'm going to be able to visit next month...Work strikes again.  I am very frustrated (considering I asked for this time off 4 mos. ago) but there isn't really anything I can do.  So, I'm going to see if there's a way I could come over next spring.  Regardless, I very excited about you and Chuck coming back to Houston in December and we'll just have to make up some quality time then.  Talk to you soon, Susan  PS - Isn't it ironic...Now Ben keeps calling wanting to go out.  I mean honestly what goes through these guys heads.  They don't realize a "good thing" the first time around and the second time around is too late - the "good thing" is no longer interested. 
 I am definitely interested in the parking space at the Met.  Please let me know if it is still possible for me to acquire a space.  Thanks, Susan Scott 
 Thanks 
 Hey Em,  Well it's 8:30 Friday night and surprise I'm still at the office.  I love this place!!!  To answer your question, yes I am definitely suffering withdrawal.  I will be working very hard over the next few months to cure that though.  Nothing really exciting to report here except A) Nick called me my first day back in the office to make sure I arrived home safely ( I really don't know what to do about all of that)  B) Ben keeps calling me to see if I want to go out - 2 nights in a row in addition to our Steak Night beer (I haven't gone either night).  How ironic is all of this?  I've got one guy worrying and thinking of me that I care nothing for...I've got another guy who I at one time cared for but no longer do trying to take advantage of my vulnerable state (which in truth isn't really vulnerable at all) and another guy, who I until fairly recently cared for, who I think could go the rest of his life without ever seeing/speaking to me again (Or course I guess the reverse of that is true as well).  Talk to you soon, Susan  Positive notes:  I think Ted is getting greying and losing hair with the added stress of corn trading.  He looks old and pitiful.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Glen, as we discussed, here is the negotiated rate TW deal which TK did today under Rate Schedule ITS-1. The term is ONE DAY, Nov. 15. Quantity:  30,000 Dth/day  I know this is a bit unusual.  We are just going to have to ask the FERC for a waiver of their "before gas flows" filing requirement. Given the price spreads and the shippers' willingness to pay more than max. rates for short-term deals, we might have more deals like this.  We probably need to put our heads together to come up with a better procedure for when this happens.  It would be so much better if we were able to send tariff sheets via e-mail to our D.C. office.  Call if you have questions or need anything. 
 Gotta love people finder.   ROBERT  KEYLOCK  CONTACT INFO                                           COMPANY INFO Phone : +442077834376                                           Employee Type :              ENRON EMPLOYEE Email :                   robert.keylock@enron.com                  Job Title :                              SENIOR CLERK Location :             ENRON HOUSE Supervisor :                         SYMES, PETER Fax :                      +442077838746 Contract Company :          ECT NON U.S. PAYROLL  COMPANY Cellular : 07769743489                                                Company Number :          G-016 Cost Center : 0000100348                                                  Cost Center Name :           EEL-IT OPERATIONS City :                                        LONDON     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Glad to hear things are going so well.  No, I haven't spoken with Ted since my return...but, I did go out a few of the nights I was in London with an undergrad/grad school friend of his (among other people of course). Surprise, surprise he didn't have many supportive words for Ted as dating material either.  In summary he found Ted to lack attentiveness to his partners and maybe even fidelity.  He said the break up of Ted's marriage wasn't "ALL his fault", which is a decidedly different slant than the one Ted gave me the night of our chat.  I also heard that he has worked his way around Enron a bit.  All in all very disheartening information.  Regardless, I'm still glad I dated him and think I learned a lot from the whole situation.  Tell Brendan I said, "Hello" and good luck with the new role at work.  Susan  I have a hold on travel plans to Korea right now as work may interfere.  Oh, well. 
 You guys are going to kill me, but I just got a ticket on the floor for the Rockets game tonight.  I was hoping I could get cell phone numbers from a few of you so that I could maybe meet up with y'all after the game.  I definitely want to see everyone and could "go out" later if anyone's interested.  Susan 
 Hey Julie,  I just got back from London Tuesday and am now almost fully recovered from the jet lag.  I had an absolutely incredible time while I was over there and was even able to go into the Enron office for a while.  One of the guys I knew here in Houston even set up an impromptu interview for me while I was there so I think my working over there may be a very real possibility.  Since I'd already done a lot of the touristy things the last time I was in London Emily and I pretty much just hung out.  We went out to eat Friday night and then to a club ( I think we got home around 4 am after indulging in some fish and chips).  Saturday and Sunday we mostly just wondered around the city to various shops and markets and went out to various lunch and dinner venues. Finally, on Monday I went in to the office while Em was at school and then had a fairly big last night in town with some friends of Emily's.  Hope everything's been going well with you and that the move into your new place was a success.  I'll keep checking for great fares out to SD...I'd love to meet your roommate and all of your other friends I feel as though I know now.  Susan  PS - I think you're right about the California men.  I am currently in contact with about three of them and they all have issues.  Although, I still think Ted takes the cake. 
 Jeremy,  I saved the file so that the tab you open it up on is Larry's Gas Daily Option model. 
 Em, you know I'm in on this one.  It's been far too long since we've had a true NB weekend.  Unfortunately (although not surprisingly) it appears our erstwhile friend Alan will claim any excuse, no matter how unappealing, to avoid singing show tunes around the camp fire - your voice will be missed. For the rest of you guys, I hope we can muster a good turn-out as I am in desperate need of over analysis in regards to the problems of the world as well as ourselves whilst in a drunken stupor.  Nobody does it better...  Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Hey guys,  Well I'm back home in Houston looking out at our lovely skyline (okay, maybe it's not that lovely but it is sunny here).  Anyway, I'm so glad I got the chance to see all of you while I was in London.  It seemed as though all of you are really enjoying your time in the UK - which is good to hear given the fact I'm hoping to make it over there myself.  Hope the approaching close to 2000 finds everyone in good spirits.  Cheers, Susan 
 Hey Darren,  Just wanted to say thanks again for including Em and I in the outing Friday night and joining us for dinner Monday.  Hope things with work are going well and that you're managing to reinvent the wheel without too many problems.  Cheers, Susan   "The game of life is a game of boomerangs. Our thoughts, deeds and words return to us sooner or later with astounding accuracy." -- Florence Scovel Shinn 
 Ashley,  I am so sorry we never managed to meet up while I was in London.  Emily and I spent all day Sunday gallivanting around the city to the markets, etc. and Monday I ended-up spending a lot longer than I planned at the office.  On the bright side, I was able to have an impromptu interview and meet quite a few people while I was there.  I'm hoping to be over there and gainfully employed by early next spring.  Hope things are well with you and the next trip I make over there we will definitely get together.  Susan 
 Trip was excellent.  I took pictures, but most of them where taken inside pubs so who knows how they'll turn out.  I definitely thought about you and how much you would love the area Emily's living in (very upscale, English and proper).  I also had an impromptu interview thanks to Dave Oliver so we'll see.  I will talk to you more later as I am in the thick of calcing and am suffering a bit of jet lag.  Susan 
 Nancy and Mike, please sign the attached and file it today, and deliver copies to those staff members who got copies of our initial filing.  Please fax a signed copy to Denise LaGesse at 713-853-5425 and she'll do the service list mailout.  Any questions -- give me a call at 713-853-0596 (fyi - I have a meeting from 11 to 1 but will take a break to check messages). 
 Hey girls,  I'm back from London (the trip was incredible) and would love to see all of you this Thursday.  I hope we can all make it.  Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Deal #Q15463 has been rebooked in TAGG.  Let me know if either of you need anything else.  Thanks, Susan 
 Here you go Cynthia.  I feel pretty confident that everything is correct this month.  However, I'm sure I'm being overly optimistic on that front so call or email me with any changes. 
 Hey guys,  Just wanted to drop a line and let you know that I'm going to be visiting London over the next 5 days or so.  I'm planning on swinging by the offices Monday morning to see everyone and just wanted to foreworn you all. Hopefully, I'll get a chance to see you then.  Susan  If anyone wants to get a hold of me you can leave a message on my friend Emily's phone 020 7243 5453. 
 Lexi,  I completely forgot to turn in my expense report from last months recruiting trip.  Things around here have been absolutely crazy, as I'm sure they have been for you.  In addition to the attached file below I am forwarding the hard copy to your office.  Let me know if there is anything else I can do to help with the process.    Thanks, Susan 
 > > > Subject: Venus and Mars > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > >>Her story vs. his story > > > >> > > > >>HER STORY: > > > >> > > > >>He was in an odd mood when I got to the bar, I thought it might > > > >>have been because I was a bit late but he didn't say anything > > > >>much about it. The conversation was quite slow going so I > > > >>thought we should go off somewhere more intimate so we could > > > >>talk more privately. So we went to this restaurant and he's > > > >>STILL acting a bit funny and I'm trying to cheer him up and > > > >>start to wonder whether it's me or something else. > > > >> > > > >>I ask him, and he says no. But you know I'm not really sure. > > > >>So anyway, in the cab back to his house, I say that I love him > > > >>and he just puts his arm around me. I don't know what the hell > > > >>this means because you know he doesn't say it back or anything. > > > >>We finally get back to his place and I'm wondering if he's > > > >>going to dump me! > > > >> > > > >>  So I try to ask him about it but he just switches on the TV. > > > >>  Reluctantly, I say I'm going to go to sleep. Then, after about > > > >>  10 minutes, he joins me and we have sex. But, he still seemed > > > >>  really distracted, so afterwards I just wanted to leave. > > > >>  I dunno, I just don't know, what he thinks anymore. I mean, > > > >>  do you think he's met someone else? > > > >> > > > >> > > > >> > > > >>HIS STORY: > > > >> > > > >>Lousy day at work. Tired. Got laid though. > > > > > > > > > 
 Here's the address for you. 
 Agustin,  I haven't booked the origination we talked about yet because I wanted to get an exact number from you first.  If you could send me an email with the correct origination amount I can book it tonight.  The deal was with General de Cermica for 11,000/month 10/1/00 - 03/31/0.  Thanks, Susan 
 Hey,  Thanks for the well wishes.  I don't actually leave until Thursday, but I am VERY ready and equally excited.  I ended up meeting Ted for dinner Thursday to "chat".  He definitely doesn't deserve the title of Wonder Boy.  Anyway, I'll forward you the email I sent Emily regarding the evening in question. Hope everything's good with you.  Well, we met and had dinner last night.  NOTHING of importance was discussed during our entire meal and it was only when I brought things up as we were leaving that any actual talking occurred.  Here are the basics...  - There is definitely no "us" anymore...and I quote "sometimes these things just fade out" - There is much I didn't know about him and I am sure even more that I still don't - Case in point...He was MARRIED before (yes, you read correctly married) - Turns out he's been divorced about three years, it didn't end well and he hasn't had a relationship that has lasted beyond       2 mos. in those three years (even though, by his own admission, he has dated a lot) - Can you say issues? - He told me "I know this sounds so trite, but this really has nothing to do with you, it's all me."  Of course I agreed with him saying "I know it's you Ted, I don't have any problems." (He got a chuckle out of that one) - I told him about my frustrations and disappointment with how he had handled things and he apologised (evidently Kevin told him about our exchange at Steak Night) and I also let him know how much I appreciated his handling of things in the beginning - I said I really hated animosity and hard feelings and that as long as he hadn't done anything truly horrible to me (i.e. murder a family member, etc.) I would really like to leave things on a good note...He agreed. - He said I was a fantastic girl and that he still enjoyed hanging out and talking with me (although I don't see us doing a lot of that)  So all in all I walked away with three very important things 1. A lightened load (I got everything of my chest that I wanted to and needed to) 2. My dignity (I handled it just as I'd hoped...with composure and wit) 3. A clearer since of Ted as a person (He definitely has a lot of issues in his life he has not completely dealt with yet, and who knows if he ever will?)  Anyway, I'm okay with everything and surprisingly feel pretty good.  I'll talk to you soon.  Susan  By the way, I told him about the shirt idea (he thought it was funny, and maybe just a little harsh) 
 Here is a draft that incorporates Drew's, Steve Stojic's, Maria's and some of Shelley's comments (Shelley hasn't gotten all the way thru the draft yet).  Please take a look at the draft and let me know if you have comments today. Still working on justifying transporter options, as you can see on page 5.  If possible I'd like to send it to Nancy to file today.  Thanks, Susan 
 I am very excited about my trip to London.  For one thing I get to visit Emily, but at this point more importantly I don't have to think about work for 6 days straight.  You guys are going to have a great trip to China and I say if you find a rug that you really like (i.e. you're not just getting one because you think you should) you should definitely get it.  Just think what a great conversation piece it would make over the years.  And don't worry about my appetite for travel getting spoiled...that is impossible.  I can't wait to see you guys.  I think that you being in Korea and Emily being in London has made this whole Ted situation that much harder to deal with.  I've realized how much I appreciate y'alls insights now that they aren't as easy to get.  Love ya, Susan 
 Do you know where the Texas Exes watch the games in London?  It might be kind of fun to watch the OU game somewhere...even if just for a bit of it.  Just a thought. 
 I always forget what the time difference is so I thought I might be able to catch you "real time."  I went to the game Saturday with Travis, Corey, Mike and a friend of his. Kathy was getting her certification for spinning classes and thus I was given the responsibility of baby-sitting Corey and Travis.  Anyway, Trav's pledge class had a reunion at the house after the game and I think it may have single-handedly cured me of wanting men in their early thirties.  The single guys from their class are definitely still single for a reason.  Also, you've gotta tell Chuck that Kinzer's date for the game was a year younger than me (although I will say, after meeting her, you would've thought she was much younger).  I think 27-28 may be a better range.  Old enough to know who they are and what they want, but still young enough to explain their unattached status on career focus.  Talk to you soon, Susan 
 Sorry I never called yesterday...I had turned my phone off and didn't realize you'd called until last night.  I'm still at work right now and therefore am extremely tired.  Hope you got everything you needed to accomplished this weekend.  I had a good time at the game and, thanks to Travis's pledge class reunion, have come to the conclusion that 27-28 is a better age range for me.  There young enough to excuse being single due to career focus and still old enough to know who they are and what they want.  Some critical things happen in those 3-5 years from a man's late twenties to early thirties that can expose so many "issues" (examples of which I got to see several of on Saturday).  Talk to you soon, Susan  Are you and Doug going to OU? 
 Hey,  It's 8:30 and I'm still at work.  Did I mention I really need this vacation? Anyway, I have a couple of questions for you.  Is there anything special you'd like me to bring over (that your Mom isn't getting for you).  I talked to your Mom yesterday and she mentioned a craving for Turkey Jerky.  If you want me to bring some over just let me know where to buy it.  Also, do you have any predictions for the weather.  I'm planning on bringing the following - jeans, sweatshirt, black pants & skirt, black cardigan, "rain coat" (I put it in quotes b/c I know mine won't be official), some "go out" close, running shoes, heels, and boots, 2 sweaters, varying tops, and a pair of shorts.  I always end up over-packing, but I'm really going to try to pare down.  I'm assuming you have a blow-dryer so I can leave mine at home.  I talked to Darren today and he said Friday sounded good...and, I sent an email to Nick so hopefully it will work for him as well.  I also emailed Jessica's friend Ashley who's living over there and she wanted to get together maybe for lunch or something over the weekend.  I've been checking out the Tube Maps on the Web and don't think I should have much of a problem getting to your place.  I assume I'm going to want to get off at the Holland Park tube stop.  Should be a piece of cake, right?  Any bright ideas of how to get your extra set of keys to me Friday morning? I guess there isn't really anywhere for you to hide them around your flat (i.e. under the doormat or over the door frame?).  See you soon, Susan  - I may have to pump Darren for a little bit of info Friday night (subtly of course)...Like did he know that I didn't know about Ted's "past" - maybe you can find out why the marriage ended. 
 Shelly,  Is there any way you could give me a little more information regarding the times of the presentations for each of the respective schools.  Thanks, Susan 
 Hey Ashley,  Just thought I'd drop you a line to let you know that I will be in London this Friday through next Tuesday.  I'm visiting a friend of mine who is attending Sotheby's graduate program.  I know it's short notice, but I would love to see you at some point while I'm over there.  If you get a chance email me back and let me know if you're free any of those days and how I can get a hold of you while I'm over there.  Hope all is well.  Susan 
 Everything goes O.K.  I met with Ted last week for dinner Thursday night...it was VERY enlightening.  I'll forward you the email I sent to my sister-in-law (it sums everything up pretty well).  Let me know if you want to grab coffee, a drink, etc. tonight or tomorrow night - although I think you've got NCL tomorrow.  Well, we met and had dinner last night.  NOTHING of importance was discussed during our entire meal and it was only when I brought things up as we were leaving that any actual "talking" occurred.  Here are the basics...  - There is definitely no "us" anymore...and I quote "sometimes these things just fade out" - There is much I didn't know about him and I am sure even more that I still don't - Case in point...He was MARRIED before (yes, you read correctly married) - Turns out he's been divorced about three years, it didn't end well and he hasn't had a relationship that has lasted beyond       2 mos. in those three years (even though, by his own admission, he has dated quite a bit) - Can you say issues? - He told me "I know this sounds so trite, but this really has nothing to do with you, it's all me."  Of course I agreed with him saying "I know it's you Ted, I don't have any problems." (He got a chuckle out of that one) - I told him about my frustrations and disappointment with how he had handled things and he apologised (evidently Kevin told him about our exchange at Steak Night) and I also let him know how much I appreciated his handling of things in the beginning - I said I really hated animosity and hard feelings and that as long as he hadn't done anything truly horrible to me (i.e. murder a family member, etc.) I would really like to leave things on a good note...He agreed. - He said I was a fantastic girl and that he still really enjoyed hanging out and talking with me (although I don't see us doing a lot of that...not very healthy for me)  So all in all I walked away with three very important things 1. A lightened load (I got everything of my chest that I wanted to and needed to) 2. My dignity (I handled just it as I'd hoped...with composure and wit) 3. A clearer since of Ted as a person (He definitely has a lot of issues in his life that he has not completely dealt with yet, and might never deal with completely)  Anyway, I'm okay with everything and surprisingly feel pretty good.  I'll talk to you soon.  Susan  By the way, I told him about the shirt idea (he thought it was funny, and maybe just a little harsh)  Talk to you soon, Jen. 
 I think an original tasters gathering is a great idea...unfortunately, I'm going to be out of town Thursday (I'm visiting my friend Emily in London and I have to admit I am very excited).  If you guys do end up going have a great time.  Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 So I met him for dinner Thursday night.  Nothing was discussed until we were about to leave and I couldn't hold my tongue any longer.  Turns out he was married before and may have some issues (pretty big ones in my opinion - case in point, he's been divorced three years and, by his own admission, has dated quite a bit in the interim but nothing that has lasted longer than 2 mos. - sounds like a pattern to me).  We'll talk more later, sscott5 
 Hi Mum!  So good to see you this weekend!  It was great to meet Eric; what = a=20 sweet man.  Fun too!  I can see why you are so crazy about him!  Craig real= ly=20 enjoyed meeting you also.  Our trip home was somewhat hair-raising but we made it back safely.  I can't believe I am still here at work!  Took a break to make my list for= =20 you.  It is somewhat random.  Feel free to collaborate with K&J...  Love, Sooz  *** - CD case (small -- for 12 or so CDs out of their boxes)  - small duffel bag to take to the pool (smallest Eddie Bauer, or Nike also= =20 makes a comparable size) -- really need this -- any color except all-black= =20 See:  www.eddiebauer.com/eb/product.asp?product_id=3D17368&nv=3D5|214|231  - sleepwear -- all kinds -- size XS usually fits best  - travel coffee mug  - Clinique "Happy" body lotion  - Amazon.com wish list =20 http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/wl-edit-items/104-1468789-7363925  - Bag from Kenneth Cole =01) see website (www.kennethcole.com)=20 (style =3D "Ladies Night" in black.  Also like "Ladies Who Lunch.")  - Cashmere sweater set from Banana Republic (any color except charcoal gray= )=20 =01) Size S shell; size XS cardigan if available.  See:=20 www.bananarepublic.com/deptmain.asp?loc=3Dwoman&sid=3D267W16LSL5S92NQB00A3H= 2K9UAQ2 6XGD Also like cashmere crewneck style in port, size XS AND -- merino wool v-neck pullover in any color, size XS  - gold bracelet -- chain or cuff  - jewelry -- all kinds 
 Hey Darren,  I wanted to try and touch and base with you before my arrival in London.  I talked to Emily late last week and she seemed to think Friday night was a good night to try and get together.  I know you have a bunch of people that are going to be in London this weekend, but maybe we could just make it one big group outing.  Get back to me when you get a chance and we'll try and set something up.  Susan 
 No one has ever mistaken me for being a shy or timid person...least of all Ted.  Therefore, telling him about the shirt was right in character for me. I think a part of him probably felt a little ashamed that a 23 yr. old girl with almost no dating experience could handle the situation with more class than him.  Anyway, there were a few other things established and solidified last night by Ted - 1. By his own admission, I am definitely smarted than him (while in the past I have challenged that I had to agree last night) 2. I am a confident, probably too much so, and well-adjusted individual. Merely taking into account those two points, Ted in his present "condition" could never be a match for me.  I would either always feel like I was carrying him or rolling over him.  I'm still absolutely floored by the fact I have now dated a divorcee.  Does Chuck think less of me for being duped? I hope not...he really seemed like a good (to everyone that met him).  I think Mom, Dad and I are all going to fly over on the same flight (Singapore Airlines).  I found a great deal from San Francisco for around $580.  I of course will have to fly from Houston which ups the fare to $800, but it's still the best deal around.  I can't wait to see you guys.  Susan 
 No one has ever mistaken me for being a shy or timid person...least of all Ted.  Therefore, telling him about the shirt was right in character for me. I think a part of him probably felt a little ashamed that a 23 yr. old girl with almost no dating experience could handle the situation with more class than him.  Anyway, there were a few other things established and solidified last night by Ted - 1. By his own admission, I am definitely smarted than him (while in the past I have challenged that I had to agree last night) 2. I am a confident, probably too much so, and well-adjusted individual.  Merely taking into account those two points, Ted in his present "condition" could never be a match for me.  I would either always feel like I was carrying him or rolling over him.  I'm still absolutely floored by the fact I have now dated a divorcee.  Does Chuck think less of me for being duped?  I hope not...he really seemed like a good (to everyone that met him).  I think Mom, Dad and I are all going to fly over on the same flight (Singapore Airlines).  I found a great deal from San Francisco for around $580.  I of course will have to fly from Houston which ups the fare to $800, but it's still the best deal around.  I can't wait to see you guys.  Susan 
 No one has ever mistaken me for being a shy or timid person...least of all Ted.  Therefore, telling him about the shirt was right in character for me. I think a part of him probably felt a little ashamed that a 23 yr. old girl with almost no dating experience could handle the situation with more class than him.  Anyway, there were a few other things established and solidified last night by Ted - 1. By his own admission, I am definitely smarted than him (while in the past I have challenged that I had to agree last night) 2. I am a confident, probably too much so, and well-adjusted individual.  Merely taking into account those two points, Ted in his present "condition" could never be a match for me.  I would either always feel like I was carrying him or rolling over him.  I'm still absolutely floored by the fact I have now dated a divorcee.  Does Chuck think less of me for being duped?  I hope not...he really seemed like a good (to everyone that met him).  I think Mom, Dad and I are all going to fly over on the same flight (Singapore Airlines).  I found a great deal from San Francisco for around $580.  I of course will have to fly from Houston which ups the fare to $800, but it's still the best deal around.  I can't wait to see you guys.  Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Well, we met and had dinner last night.  NOTHING of importance was discussed during our entire meal and it was only when I brought things up as we were leaving that any actual talking occurred.  Here are the basics...  - There is definitely no "us" anymore...and I quote "sometimes these things just fade out" - There is much I didn't know about him and I am sure even more that I still don't - Case in point...He was MARRIED before (yes, you read correctly married) - Turns out he's been divorced about three years, it didn't end well and he hasn't had a relationship that has lasted beyond       2 mos. in those three years (even though, by his own admission, he has dated a lot) - Can you say issues? - He told me "I know this sounds so trite, but this really has nothing to do with you, it's all me."  Of course I agreed with him saying "I know it's you Ted, I don't have any problems." (He got a chuckle out of that one) - I told him about my frustrations and disappointment with how he had handled things and he apologised (evidently Kevin told him about our exchange at Steak Night) and I also let him know how much I appreciated his handling of things in the beginning - I said I really hated animosity and hard feelings and that as long as he hadn't done anything truly horrible to me (i.e. murder a family member, etc.) I would really like to leave things on a good note...He agreed. - He said I was a fantastic girl and that he still enjoyed hanging out and talking with me (although I don't see us doing a lot of that)  So all in all I walked away with three very important things 1. A lightened load (I got everything of my chest that I wanted to and needed to) 2. My dignity (I handled it just as I'd hoped...with composure and wit) 3. A clearer since of Ted as a person (He definitely has a lot of issues in his life he has not completely dealt with yet, and who knows if he ever will?)  Anyway, I'm okay with everything and surprisingly feel pretty good.  I'll talk to you soon.  Susan  By the way, I told him about the shirt idea (he thought it was funny, and maybe just a little harsh) 
 Well, we met and had dinner last night.  NOTHING of importance was discussed during our entire meal and it was only when I brought things up as we were leaving that any actual talking occurred.  Here are the basics...  - There is definitely no "us" anymore...and I quote "sometimes these things just fade out" - There is much I didn't know about him and I am sure even more that I still don't - Case in point...He was MARRIED before (yes, you read correctly married) - Turns out he's been divorced about three years, it didn't end well and he hasn't had a relationship that has lasted beyond       2 mos. in those three years (even though, by his own admission, he has dated a lot) - Can you say issues? - He told me "I know this sounds so trite, but this really has nothing to do with you, it's all me."  Of course I agreed with him saying "I know it's you Ted, I don't have any problems." (He got a chuckle out of that one) - I told him about my frustrations and disappointment with how he had handled things and he apologised (evidently Kevin told him about our exchange at Steak Night) and I also let him know how much I appreciated his handling of things in the beginning - I said I really hated animosity and hard feelings and that as long as he hadn't done anything truly horrible to me (i.e. murder a family member, etc.) I would really like to leave things on a good note...He agreed. - He said I was a fantastic girl and that he still enjoyed hanging out and talking with me (although I don't see us doing a lot of that)  So all in all I walked away with three very important things 1. A lightened load (I got everything of my chest that I wanted to and needed to) 2. My dignity (I handled just as I'd hoped...with composure and wit) 3. A clearer since of Ted as a person (He definitely has a lot of issues in his life he has not completely dealt with yet, and who knows if he ever will?)  Anyway, I'm okay with everything and surprisingly feel pretty good.  I'll talk to you soon.  Susan  By the way, I told him about the shirt idea (he thought it was funny, and maybe just a little harsh) 
 Mine: For September 28: An agreement or legal matter improves today. You are able to reach an understanding in a previously tense affair. Do your best to maintain peace and tranquility, instead of giving into resentment or suspicion. Behind the scenes finagling will be required to keep others on track and out of trouble. Batten down the hatches during late afternoon and evening, and don't let any important info get into the wrong hands. Someone may place their trust or future in your custody. Make them glad they did. Find weekly and monthly horoscopes  His: For September 28: Something you already own or have access to provides even more satisfaction and enrichment. Take advantage of this opportunity. Squeeze every drop of juice out of a cosmic orange. You never lost this chance, but may have temporarily misplaced it. You could be sitting on a virgin diamond mine. Dig a little deeper. Later today, you and a partner or advisor may clash. Don't slam the door on existing relationships, no matter how trying things get. FYI: No bridges should be burnt today. Find weekly and monthly horoscopes 
 Just talked to him around 6:15 (don't know exactly how to take that)...he was pretty "jokey"...we'll probably get together tomorrow night...found out he has bought himself a pair of boots (ostrich - I don't think he's earned ostrich)...I think his job is REALLY stressing him out.  Sue  - - There is a God and he likes me =>  Someone tricked Ted into eating fried cow testicles in Amarillo (he still sounded shaken up over the incident). It's all about Karma. 
 Just talked to him...was pretty jovial...will probably get together tomorrow night...I think his job is REALLY stressing him out. 
 Ted, I made one addition. 
 Agustin,  I have booked the trades below into the ENA system.  The deal numbers are as follows.  Industrias Derivadas del Etileno  Q15730 (legs 1 & 2) Poliestireno y Derivados  Q15730 (legs 3 & 4) Sintesis Organicas   Q15730 (legs 5 & 6)  Susan 
 Alas, there is no point to steak night without Kori or myself.  There is good cause for your lack of enthusiasm.  Tomorrow morning sounds good to me for a coffee/steamed almond milk break. How 'bout we shoot for around 9:30 (although I can do earlier or later if need be).  Let me know.  As for the week after next, anything from Wednesday night on will work for me.  I am in full agreement with you regarding a "solid dinner" (of limited attendance of course).  See you tomorrow,  Susan  - - Funny thing, Ben called earlier to see if I wanted to go grab lunch with him (Does he think I'm in a vulnerable/weakened state due to the Ted situation?  Well, he's wrong.) 
 Yes, we still do the steak night thing, but I will be unable to attend this evening (dinner with the traders, oh la la!).  You may want to talk to bfree and see if he or Economou are planning on an outing.  So when are we going to have a chance to chat?  Suz 
 Agustin,  I just faxed a copy of the ticket to you.  Please let me know if it transmitted properly.  Also, the deal number is Q15463.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Susan 
 You forget that I also studied French, mon amie.  I may not be able to write it any more, but I can still read it.  Susan 
 Aquarius: The conjunction between the Sun and Moon is a wonderful symbol of togetherness and unity. You may have been feeling distinctly out of sorts lately with your partner, and are sorely in need of some tender loving care. Perhaps you both need to make the effort to be nice to each other. I mean really nice, not just pretending. See now, isn't that a lot better! There's mileage in this one yet. 
 I think this is for you. 
 Part of me is tempted to do the "taste of your own medicine" thing, but I was really disappointed that he took that approach (in this case I think email is very cowardly) and don't believe two wrongs make a right.  I insist on taking the high road in this situation no matter how tempting it might be to teach him a lesson.  Susan 
 I haven't done anything as of yet.  I just really didn't feel like responding to him on Friday (I was still pretty floored by the whole thing) and since he's out of town till tonight I spent yesterday and today figuring out what I want to do.  I've decided the following...I'm going to give him a call tonight and agree to meet for a drink/chat.  I completely agree with you about regretting the things you don't do more than the things you do - besides I'm dying of curiosity about what he could possibly have to say.  Anyway, I want to try and do it tomorrow night so that I can quite turning it over and over in my head (I am absolutely sick of thinking about it).  I think it will be hard for me to be anything but distant talking to him because, regardless of his reasons, he definitely wasn't very considerate over the last few weeks.  Wish me luck! (Problem is I'm not sure what I really want the outcome to be).  Susan 
 Julie,  Just wanted to check and see if you had received my last two emails.  If so, I'd love to know what you think about the whole situation.  If not, let me know and I will resend the emails.  Susan 
 Ted, here are a few suggested changes. Also, regarding the language you crossed out at the bottom of paragraph 1 (about notice of default, payment within 15 days, etc.), I do not think that language was objectionable from a legal standpoint, and might actually be helpful as far as giving them a payment deadline.  However, if it's inconsistent with your procedures, or you just don't like having to give them notice, I see no problem at all with crossing it out. 
 What's the word man?  I haven't heard a peep from you all day (even though I know you've seen Ben and called Kori...I'm hurt)  sscott5 
 FYI - Gary P. Nunn is going to be playing New Year's Eve at Gruene Hall.  On the Ted front...It's Tuesday afternoon and I haven't contacted him yet. I'm planning on calling him at home early this evening and telling him that "a beer and a chat sound like a good idea, how about tomorrow night?".  I will be requesting that he either call me at home tonight if he gets in early enough or tomorrow at work.  This should all prove very interesting.  Susan 
 Gary,  Just wanted to check and see how things were going for you on 44.  Hopefully you are now in possession of a phone.  If so give me a call, I would really like to get together for a cup of coffee or just a few minutes to enjoy the lovely weather outside.  sscott5  - I'm confident Keri and Caroline are well. 
 Sorry for the delayed response to your email, but 10-11 a.m. this morning will work for me.  Just let me know the location.  Thanks, Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 HOROSCOPE:     Weekly   -    His  For September 25-October 1: Instead of wishing things were different, or woefully mourning the past, build a new beginning. It's pointless to bemoan recent changes or languish over disappointments. You cannot change the past. You cannot change people's minds, either. Face your situation and create something wonderful. The longer you fuss about what 'should have been', the more likely it is that important opportunities will drift by unnoticed. Cancer, it is time for change. Release frustrations and troubling memories. Move on, Crab. . . move on.   Mine for today  Quickly get past a troubling misunderstanding Once you've released toxic feelings, the atmosphere visibly improves, much to your pleasure. You're able to replace fear and resentment with compassion and understanding. Once you know the score, you no longer feel threatened or disrespected. Keep revenge out of this entire episode. 'Teaching someone a lesson' is not appropriate. 
 Greg,  Sorry it took me so long to get this to you ( the perils of bid-week).    Call me if you need anything else.  Susan 
 Sorry I didn't respond very promptly to your last email.  Things have been very emotionally draining for me around here.  I'm going to forward some of my recent email communications to catch you up on the issue.  After you've had a chance to take in the situation I would really love to hear your opinion.  Call or email with any insights.  Susan 
 I tell ya Mo, it's weird.  HOROSCOPE:      Weekly    For September 25-October 1: Better communication is indicated this week. Issues that have bogged you down are effectively addressed. Don't get up and leave until you get every answer you need. Be direct and honest, without losing your temper. Even if others misbehave, continue pursuing what you believe is right. An agreement is either out of balance or no longer desirable. You CAN make improvements to existing paperwork, contracts, and agreements -- as long as you remain friendly, respectful, and well-prepared. There can be no hostility on your end, or negotiations will break down.      Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Em,  So, of course, I spent this whole past weekend trying to figure out how I want to handle this "situation".  Basically I've decided the following: 1.  I will agree to meet him for a beer and a chat (I'm going to suggest Molina's - I think it's a good location, public enough & private enough) 2.  I will be calling and leaving a message with him to let him know I will meet with him, NO email... and will request that he do me the same courtesy. 3.  I will let him do the talking (I mean he's the one that wants to have a chat so he must have something to say)...at least to begin with 4.  I will NOT be a push-over  Well, what do you think?  Any suggestions/recommendations?  I am very new to this whole relationship discussion thing.  More importantly, do you think there is ANYTHING he could say/do that would or should allow him a second chance?  Right now I don't know if there is, but unlike you (and you know this about me) I do believe in second chances.  That does not mean that a second chance is a given in this situation.  Get back to me when you get a chance.  Susan  - - I just know I would always regret not meeting with him Em.  This is a chance for me to prove that I can handle myself with maturity and dignity even with my emotions on the line.  I think ultimately, regardless of the outcome, it will make me a stronger person.  By the way,  we will definitely cover the past relationships during this chat, that is a given.     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Mom said she was keeping you up to date on everything.  So, of course, I spent the whole weekend trying to figure out how I want to handle this "situation".  Basically I've decided the following: 1.  I will agree to meet him for a beer and a chat (I'm going to suggest Molina's - I think it's a good location, public enough & private enough) 2.  I will be calling and leaving a message with him to let him know I will meet with him, NO email... and will request that he do me the same courtesy. 3.  I will let him do the talking (I mean he's the one that wants to have a chat so he must have something to say)...at least to begin with 4.  I will NOT be a push-over (it's not in my character anyway)  Well, what do you think?  Any suggestions/recommendations?  I am very new to this whole relationship discussion thing.  Most importantly, do you think there is anything he could say/do that would or should allow him a second chance?  Right now I don't know if there is.  Susan  PS - I think I'm going to come over with Mom and Dad now in November.  I've been checking out airfare recently, ouch!  Anyway, I think were shooting for Nov. 9-14.  Talk to you soon.     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Hey,  If you want to email me back before Monday, you can email me at susan_m_scott@hotmail.com  That way I can read your reaction even though I won't be at work.  Talk to you soon,  Sue 
 I am refraining from responding to this until I have had time to ponder things this weekend. 
 It's kind of funny, everybody has the same feeling about the "Ted situation" - utter disappointment.  But yes, it is definitely his loss.  And, I loved the fact that Kevin (his friend) spent so much time talking to my Dad because that had to make Ted feel like a complete jerk (which he is).  I'm am very excited about my trip to London.  The other guy I mentioned in the email, Darren, is going to be working over there for a few months so I'll get to see him there as well.  Plus, in November I'm going to visit my brother and his wife in South Korea which should be interesting.  The globe trotting continues.  Your weekend sounds like it's going to be pretty fun.  I wish I could be there as well, but it is football season so I will be in Austin this weekend.  I've signed up for all these internet airfare specials though, so if some great fares come up for Houston to San Diego I can take advantage of them.  Talk to you soon.  Susan  - - Deep down I think I knew there was something wrong with him.  I think that's why I never pressed about the past relationships thing (you know, afraid of what I might find out). 
 Corey,  Here's an update, I sent this to Emily earlier today.  Let me know about this weekend (i.e. the game, tomorrow night, etc. etc.)  Susan 
 In an effort to save a little time I'm forwarding you the email I just sent my friend Emily in London.  Get back to me if you would like me to expound on anything.  Turns out he's a real jerk.  Susan 
 I'm soooo good.  The chosen path was cool, indifference.  So, last night was Steak Night and with Nick and Wilson both in town we had a really good showing.  I got there about 7:30 with Nick, and the group's size swelled to about 12+ by 8:30 - 9:00.  About 8:00 I saw Kevin (Ted's pal - the one you meet a steak night) wandering around LW's obviously in search of someone.  Can you believe it?  He (Ted) knew I had organized this gathering - I know that because Nick is working right across from he and Darren and overheard Darren encouraging Ted's attendance (mind you Ted was not in the email distribution) - and he had the nerve to come.  Anyway, Kevin saw me and came over to chat.  He informed me that "our friend Ted should be there shortly" to which I responded, "You would know better than me at this point".  The subject was dropped until he felt the need to raise it again. He asked if Ted and I parted on good terms/ bad terms, etc.  I said there really weren't any terms, I just hadn't heard a peep out of him for about 2 weeks.  Kevin wanted to know if I was going to break a bottle over Ted's head and cause a big scene.  When I said no, I think he was genuinely disappointed.  I said in order for me to do something like that I would have to care about the "loss" and that, while a week or two earlier I might have cared a bit more, with each passing day the "loss" seems less and less like much of a loss.  Kevin told me I was better-off without Ted.  To go even further, he informed me that there is no way he would ever let a daughter of his date Ted nor any of his "girl-friends".  He said that while he thought Ted was a great guy (i.e. fun to be around, good stories, etc.) he wasn't good dating material.  I agreed with Kevin saying "Ted is a great guy, he just makes a lousy man" (don't you like that one?).  I then went on to say "Anyway, I'm destined for bigger and better things, right?".  Kevin: "Much bigger and much better."  About this time my parents showed up...the plot thickens.  I introduced Kevin to my parents and since both my Dad and Kevin were in the Navy and attended Colorado they had much to talk about.  The two of them had probably been talking for about half an hour when "dum-da-dum-dum" Ted shows up.  He approaches our group because he sees Kevin and is forced to make eye-contact with me.  I give him a "hey" and he gives me the arm squeeze and a much too pleasant "how's it going?".  He asked what Kevin and my Dad were talking about, I told him the Navy, he said don't get Kevin started or you'll never shut him up...Then he walked away.  He never acknowledged my parents nor did he ever speak to me again the rest of the evening.  The beautiful thing is Kevin stays and talks with my Dad for another half hour and when Darren shows up he hangs out with "my group" for quite a while before going to join Ted.  My parents and I ate our steaks right behind Ted and then went back over to our group at the picnic table when we were finished.  It really was a great night.  I would almost say I was glowing (I was having so much fun with my friends and family and it wasn't a show for Ted's benefit...I really was having a great time).  So, when my parents decide to head out they walked over to Ted/Kevin's table to say good-bye to Kevin.  It was awesome.  Ted's sitting right next to Kevin while Kevin and my Dad are talking and appears to be actually shrinking in his chair.  Yet again no acknowledgement of my parents - he couldn't even make eye-contact.  I ended up staying there for at least another hour and then went with a few of the guys to the Ale House.  Needless to say I was very hung over today.  Anyway, there's the story...He's a complete and utter ass-hole.  So I'm done.  And no, there is no way he could weasel his way back in to my good graces.  Now on to a fun subject, my trip to London.  I bought my ticket today ( I think I got hosed a little bit, but it was the cheapest ticket I could find - $450 before taxes).  I will arrive at Heathrow airport around 7:00 a.m. Friday the 6th and depart about 11:00 a.m. on Tuesday the 10th.  I'm very excited about the trip, I really need to get out of Houston.  I leave the activities in your capable hands.  ( bear in mind I will have to see Darren and Nick at some point).  "Single again" Sue 
 What time are you heading out today? 
 Hey Wilson,  Steak night is on...And, yes Darren really did give me your keys and I've already handed them off to Ben.  Also, you'll be interested to know that my parents might make it tonight for a little while so you may get to meet them.  See you tonight.  Susan 
 Already done.  Susan 
 Thanks for the advice/humor.  I'm feeling much better today.  I knew yesterday was going to be pretty rough and not much fun as his communication or lack thereof would speak volumes.  (And his silence definitely said a lot)  Everyone's pretty much on the same page as far as their disappointment in said individual goes.  I think we all expected a little bit more out of him. Oh well, so I'm single again.  Just think how incredible it'll be when I find someone I feel even more for than Ted (at least that's what I'm focusing on).  So do we know if Pat Fitzgerald is single?  Anyway, I've found I'm not that attracted to cowards (which is exactly the catagory I'd put Ted in right now).  Hope everything's good with you (especially the firm recruiting).  I'm coming up this weekend for the game - hopefully Friday night - and wanted to see if you and Doug wanted to go out either Friday night or after the game Saturday.  I hope you guys are planning on going to the game because I'd love to sit with you.  Talk to you soon, Susan  PS - Check out the list of individuals for our girls night out the Thurs...I don't think I'm going to go (I don't have enough time to waste on people I'm not that fond of)  "'MATTOSO, ANGELA '" <Amattoso@mdck.com>, "''Ashleastu@aol.com' '" <Ashleastu@aol.com>, "'sarah_c_buck@hotmail.com '" <sarah_c_buck@hotmail.com>, Julianna Grisham <Julianna.Grisham@Halliburton.com>, "'rebeccacooke@hotmail.com '" <rebeccacooke@hotmail.com>, "'jkbowles@hotmail.com '" <jkbowles@hotmail.com>, "'Susan.M.Scott@enron.com '" <Susan.M.Scott@enron.com>, "'ashley.craddock@ac.com '" <ashley.craddock@ac.com>, "'Lauren.Delorenzo@newboston.com '" <Lauren.Delorenzo@newboston.com>, "'Lisa.A.Meador@chase.com '" <Lisa.A.Meador@chase.com>, "'JPATERSO@houstonisd.org '" <JPATERSO@houstonisd.org>, "'JPATERSON@houstonisd.org '" <JPATERSON@houstonisd.org>, "'jesspat@excite.com '" <jesspat@excite.com>, "'CFain@questia.com '" <CFain@questia.com>, "'kendle.r.ege@us.arthurandersen.com '" <kendle.r.ege@us.arthurandersen.com>, "'kimflack@yahoo.com '" <kimflack@yahoo.com>, "'Brenna.l.boyd@us.arthurandersen.com '" <Brenna.l.boyd@us.arthurandersen.com> 
 Today the Commission issued a tolling order on our request for rehearing in the PNM capacity docket.  As you recall, we asked for rehearing of the Commission's requirement that TW's acquisition of capacity be limited to the summer months.  The tolling order is simply FERC's way of buying time to consider our request.  In the absence of Commission action within 30 days of our rehearing request, our request would have been deemed denied...so we're doing well so far.   There is no deadline for the Commission to act on our request.  I'll watch to see whether it appears on the Commission's agenda. 
 yo, I know.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I have confirmations from Ben, Sunil, and Rudi.  Is there anyone else I left off the email?  Talk to you soon,  Susan  - - You'll have to come up and visit 32 at some point. 
 Here are the email addresses again.  I'll shoot you off an email before I come over...hopefully, by that time you'll be somewhat settled and have a phone number where you can be reached.  Or, I may just see you at the office.  I have to pay a visit as there are a several people working over there now that I used to work with here (plus, I may try to set up a few interviews).  katyhester@hotmail.com ehillegeist@hotmail.com  Susan 
 "The only things I need from anyone is love and respect and anyone who can't give me that has no place in my life" 
 Be prepared...this one's a downer, but oh so true.  Email me and let me know @ what time you think you're going to try and call so I'll be sure to stay at my desk.  Sue 
 That actually made me cry.  Susan 
 Hey Corey,  So he's back in town now...The question is what do I do about that?  Should I:  A) Completey ignore him and pretend like there was never anything between us or B) Call him out and confront him with his own cowardess.  I am completely torn on the issue and have actually felt physically ill over the situation the last two days.  Help!!!  Susan 
 Okay gang, it's time to rally the troops.  Evidently last week wasn't good for any of us to get together at our local watering hole (a.k.a Little Woodrow's)...but, I'm hoping the story is a little different this week.  Our own Nick Stephan is back in H-town for the week and has made a special request for a full-fledged "Steak Night" (that means good attendance).  Not that I ever need an excuse to enjoy good company, steak, beer, etc. at LW's, but if I did I could think of few better reasons than a visiting ex-pat. Besides, given the absolutely beautiful weather we are currently enjoying, the picnic tables and deck are beckoning.  I'm going to set a tentative meeting time of 7:30 p.m. this Wednesday...get back to me at your convenience and let me know if we should stick with that time or not.  Hope everyone had a relaxing weekend and is having a good Monday (isn't that an oxymoron?).  Susan  "When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading."  - Henny Youngman 
 Hello Dave.  My understanding is that FERC does not yet require electronic contracting, but that many pipelines do offer it voluntarily.  Best regards, Susan 
 Hey,  Try lgillet@enron.com for Lisa's email address.  Glad to hear you're in the new pad...in the interest of saving $$$ I will probably take you up on the futon offer.  Well, it's Monday and I'm assuming Ted's back in town (not that I've heard a peep out of him).  I'm very much at a cross-roads with the situation.  On the one hand, I want to be unaffected and aloof and on the other hand I don't want to make this that easy for him.  I think I deserve more that just being swept under the rug.  So, my debate becomes - Do I just let this thing go all together OR do I try and get some resolution?  I would love to get a call from you hear at work.  The best time for me is probably before 11:30 or after 12:30 Houston time.  Talk to you soon, Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Just to forewarn you two, it looks like Darren (Ted's buddy) is going to be in London for a few months working on a project.  When I mentioned you two were both over there right now he asked me for your email addresses.  No pressure for you guys to do anything with him, but I do like the guy and think when I come over we will definitely have to do something with him (and Nick too of course...maybe the same night, that whole "kill two birds with one stone concept").  Sue  Side-note:  I'm am dying of curiosity as to why Darren is going to London for a project and Ted is trading corn here.  Maybe I'll find out before Darren leaves. Who knows, maybe if you all see Darren over there you can find out what the heck happened with our once so promising Mr. Noble. 
 Do tell, Do tell.  Darren,  What's the word?  So when do you head over to London and what pray-tell will you be doing over there.  I'm planning on going to visit Em and Katy around the first weekend of October (sometime between the 4th and 10th), if you're going to be over there we need to all go out.  I don't remember if we ever talked about it or not, but I may try to do my third rotation there...the horror, Em and me set loose upon the unsuspecting citizens of London. Anyway, I'm assuming congratulations are in order, so congrats on the new assignment.  Here are Katy and Emily's email addresses.  I don't have phone #'s, etc. as of yet but I could get them for you if you'd like.  I'll be sure to shoot off an email to both of them to let them know you're going to be over there.  katyhester@hotmail.com ehillegeist@hotmail.com  Susan  PS - We will definitely be doing Steak Night next week if you have any interest...a guy who used to work in Ben's old group (and is now trading credit derivatives in London...see how I'm hooking you up with all these connections) will be in town and is dying to go have steak and beer. Besides, it would be wrong for you to leave the country without a proper send-off from Little Woodrow's (Now I going to owe you a Bon Voyage beer as well as a birthday beer). 
 So who's up for doing something that Friday night?  I'll probably be in Austin Saturday for the football game, but am definitely interested in getting together with everyone.  Obviously this is planning WAY in advance for this group so we can revisit the topic when Wilson's arrival is a little bit closer.  Talk to y'all then.  Susan  * Darren - Please tell me you have Wilson's keys...Margaret and I would be eternally grateful. 
 Hey, evidently I'm not the only one slacking on the emails - That means you Em.  Quick update:  I may try to come over Oct 5 - 10 instead of the 4 - 9 so that I can at least spend a little time with Katy.  How will that work for y'all?  Sue  P.S. - Thought you'd like to know that I am doing well in regards to the Ted situation.  I'm actually kind of glad he took this week long vacation...that whole out-of-sight, out-of-mind theory really works. 
 Sunday at 1:00 is good with me as well.  Just name the place.  See you guys then. 
 These horoscopes can not possibly be speaking to every Aquarian out there. I'm convinced the author is someone I know...I would suggest it was my Mom, but her insight and advice would never be this good.  Aquarius For September 14: You have a knack for bringing people together and creating peace. Part of your success in waging peace is derived from a desire to let go of resentment and a bulging catalog of woe. You're sick and tired of feeling sick and tired, and look forward to a refreshing sensation of starting anew. Seriously consider hatching deferred dreams today. What's stopping you?    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Cynthia,  I had to adjust the NGI-Socal index price in the spreadsheet which resulted in a loss of $264,000.  Attached is the corrected spreadsheet.  Sorry for the inconvenience.  Susan 
 Denise, please put these meetings on my calendar.  Thanks. 
 Hey Scott,  Hope you had a good time at the game this weekend, despite the heat.  I just wanted to see if you were still interested in trying to grab lunch this week.  If you do, just let me know what day and time work best for you.  Thanks, Susan 
 You crack me up...I absolutely loved the trading analogy (at times your insight is frighteningly dead on).  Don't worry about me though.  I will be patient and remain optimistic, despite let downs.  And, in no way, shape or form will I settle and end up with some dush.  You would have been proud of me though, for the first time I was really able to let down a lot of those walls and be a little more vulnerable.  I'm thrilled things are going so well with Shannon.  I think your attitude about the whole situation is extremely healthy and mature (it amazing what happens when you care more about the other person than yourself).  Talk to you soon,  Susan  * Be sure and let me know next time you're coming to Houston.  We'll go grab a drink and have a good talk. 
 Thanks for the email.  Your candid comments make me wish I was over there right now sitting in a pub with you and Katy drinking a pint.  I am in full agreement that guys suck and have discovered through this situation an area in which 23 does not differ from 31...cowardess (As my Dad so eloquently put it, "He's just chicken-shit").  So, the plan of attack for the time being is none.  I am not going to do anything (that means no emails, no phone calls, no nothing).  Of course it's a lot easier to say that knowing he's in an entirely different state vs. two floors down from me, so next week will be the true test.  You will be happy to know, however, that I do have a good support system in Monique.  She is a firm advocate of the "drop him and make him work should he happen to come crawling back" school.  You know what really kills me though is the thought that, yet again, I will ultimately be disappointed by someone I truly expected more out of (I keep thinking about all the times I said "I'm just waiting for the other shoe to drop." - well, it dropped) .  Anyway, I've have decided to throw myself into work, books, exercise, etc. in a effort to distract my mind from other things - it's kind of working.  I'm really glad you are in enjoying things so much right now.  You have to email me back with more details regarding the new pad, like will there be enough room for me to crash there when I come to visit (if not, I'm sure Nick would put me up - scarey).  Also, I sent Katy an email about coming to visit so hopefully we can get everything squared away soon.  FYI:  The Longhorns beat Louisiana Lafayette 52-10 last Saturday (the game was fun, but extremely HOT!!!), it was a real nail biter. Talk to you soon,  Sue  *** Don't worry about me thinking any of this is in any way due to a shortcoming on my part.  I don't.  Rather, I am convinced he wasn't expecting the full package when we first went out and as soon as he realized that I was, he freaked.  I'm beginning to think it's more than just a coincidence that the last time we went out I let down one of the last walls I was holding up as far as trusting him and it was right after that that he started acting aloof. (Things that make you go hmmm.) 
 Hey Katy,  Sorry no correspondence in a while.  I wish it was a case of no news is good news, but if you've spoken with Em recently you know that is not so.  Anyway, I wanted to touch base with you regarding my visit to London.  I of course want to try and time it when both you and Em are in town.  So...I was thinking of flying out on Oct 4 and returning Oct 9, that way I would have a weekend over there with y'all.  I know you're planning a trip to Egypt around then so just get back to me and let me know if you'll actually be in London any of those days.  Hope all is well with you.  Talk to you soon,  Susan 
 Hey Darren,  Thanks for the prompt response.  Sorry you won't be able to make it, but I will definitely keep you posted regarding any future group outings (especially since I still owe you a beer).  Glad you liked the quote, it does provide a good chuckle.  If I'd have known you were going to be in London this week I would have forewarned Katy and Emily as they're both over there now as well - I assume you're there for work though and therefore a tad busy.  Anyway, hope you're having a good time and not working too hard...  Susan 
 ...okay, maybe it's not THAT good but it's cooked and the beer is plentiful.  Hey everyone,  Just wanted to test the waters and see what kind of interest there was in doing Steak Night tomorrow night at Little Woodrows.  I feel like it's been a while since we really rallied the troops and I know I have personally missed the interaction.  It's also been a while since we've attempted to solve the worlds problems over cold Shiner and I think the world may be the worse for it.  So, get back to me and let me know if anyone's up for an evening of eating, drinking and most definitely being merry.  If it looks like 'a go', I'll shoot everyone a follow-up email complete with ETA.  The one and only,  sscott5  "If we could just get everyone to close their eyes and visualize world peace for an hour, imagine how serene and quiet it would be until the looting started." 
 ...try not to get the juice in your eyes, it really stings  Well, I'm sure you've already heard through Mom...but I think things may be kaput with Ted.  I say "think" because he hasn't said anything one way or the other, it's just a vibe I have.  So I don't think you guys are going to have a chance to meet him while your in Houston.  Oh well, it was definitely fun while things were going well so I suppose I should focus on that.  I just want to know why guys can be such, as dad would say, chicken shits (excuse my language but the description fits).  But enough about me...So how are things with you guys.  I hope all is well and that you're taking full advantage of all the 'culture' surrounding you. We went to the first football game of the season Saturday (against Louisiana Lafayette).  Texas won 52-10, and you wouldn't know if from the score but the 1st quarter was a little bit scarey (0-10).  Simms started the game but only played about 2 series before they yanked him and put Applewhite in to put some points on the board.  Simms did come back in the second half and through a touch-down pass.  The family's good and we're all excited to see you guys in the near future.  Write back soon, Susan  ******** Humor is the best medicine.********  So I'm thinking of taking the T-shirt Ted gave me from Beaver Creek and writing this on the back of it...  I dated Ted Noble and all I have to show for it is this lousy T-shirt.  Dont'cha love it? 
 I was wondering if you had fallen off the face of the earth...  It is definitely good to hear from you, I was just thinking about you today and wondering what you're up to.  Things in Houston are pretty good.  I went to San Diego over Labor Day weekend to visit a friend of mine there and just went to Austin this past weekend for the first UT football game (I know you're not a big fan but they are very fun).  As for work, all is well.  I'm actually going to meet with the development manager for the analyst program to discuss what my options are after this second rotation is up.  Of course my goal is to do a rotation in London for a year and then get promoted to the Associate program (so basically I'm going to ask this lady tomorrow what I need to do to ensure that outcome).  Honestly, I think my odds are pretty good.  Glad to hear everything with you is going so well, not that I'm surprised. Congrats on the new responsibilites they must be keeping you pretty busy up there (any trips scheduled to Houston in the near future?).  As for my social life...if you would of asked me a week or two ago I would have said fantastic, incredible, etc.  Now, I just don't know.  For the life of me I am never going to be able to figure out your gender.  But as they say, "Hope springs eternal" and I intend to remain an optimist despite many road blocks.  Talk to you soon, Susan 
 Hope your move into the new apartment went well.  I'm sure you are going  to have so much fun living there, especially since you really will have a roommate now.  Thought I'd give you a little bit of an update regarding Ted...  So I didn't get back to the office until Wednesday last week because I was in Austin Tuesday for that recruiting trip.  When I got in I of course immediately checked my email...nothing.  I also didn't have any messages at any of the 3 phones I can be reached through.  Come Thursday afternoon, still no interaction...I am pissed.  About 2:00 p.m. he calls.  He asks me about San Diego and I ask him about Austin...both trips were great.  We discuss UCLA and UT football for  a while...I of course get riled up.  He informs me that he is going to be trading corn (yes, you heard me corn) for Enron. While he is very excited about trading I get the impression he feels a little overwhelmed and he is a very concerned about how much trading will limit his vacation time.  He said that he and Darren (the guy he works with) had been meeting with consultants all week to get up to speed and therefore the week had pretty much just been one long meeting.  It is around this time that he brings up the vacation thing and how, to his dismay, as a trader you work when the markets are open and you're only off when they're closed.  As a result, he's decided to get in his long visit home ASAP, i.e. "I'm leaving tomorrow (Friday) to go to California for a week."  I make sure I heard him correctly and yes he said leaving, tomorrow and  1 whole week (7 days) AND at no point does he ask to get together before he leaves.  So, that was Thursday.  I'm down on his floor again on Friday to talk to my old group and, to my dismay, run in to him.  We exchange pleasantries, I ask him when he's leaving (5:00 p.m.), he informs me he is going to sleep for the entire week in an attempt to catch-up, I tell him to have fun and that's that.  Anyway, I was not able to get him out for a drink to find out what's going on and now I just have to wait.  Any thoughts?  Talk to you soon, Susan  ******** Humor is the best medicine.********  So I'm thinking of taking that T-shirt Ted gave me and writing this on the back of it...  I dated Ted Noble and all I have to show for it is this lousy t-shirt.  Dont'cha love it? 
 I'm in.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Here is a very rough draft -- an outline, really -- of an answer to Indicated Shippers' protest.  Please provide comments as you see fit.  I will probably not have time to look at them until later in the afternoon tomorrow, at which time I will also do a lot more writing (i.e., making complete sentences, transitions, heading, conclusion, etc.).  In other words, of greatest interest to me right now are your ideas on the best way to rebut the Shippers' arguments (including identifying those that might be safe to ignore).  Thank you! 
 An incident with a love partner throws you for a loop, causing a bit of deja-vu. Dwelling on the past is wrong, wrong, wrong so don't! Time to concentrate on the bounty of the present, tender crab. 
 Cynthia,  All of the deals below have been rebooked except for the one in red.  For some reason I can't find the counterparty in the system.  You may want to check and see if it has been set up yet, if it has let me know the proper name (I may be looking for the wrong counterparty) and I will rebook it as well.  Thanks, Susan 
 Hey Em,  First things first, I got the personality test...very interesting.  I took it twice.  The first time I was a Mastermind (like Katy) and the second I was a Mentor (like Matt)  I think I only changed two answers between the first and second test.  Anyway, definitely a fun little intro to a rather boring Monday morning.  I was trying to remember where we left on in the saga of Ted Noble.  I guess the last time I had emailed you Ted had to spend the night at Darren's apartment because he'd left his keys in his locker at the Met.  Well, if you'll remember at the end of the email he said he'd talk to me later, which is extremely relevant considering he was supposed to tell me whether we could go get a drink that night or not.  I knew he had his presentation that day so I figured he'd call later that afternoon to tell me yeah or neah...I received no call, no email, no nothing.  Of course, always wanting to give others the benefit of the doubt I figured the presentation must have taken longer than expected and afterward he'd decided to just go to Austin and pick up his friend from the airport.  If that were the case, knowing Ted, I thought he must have just forgotten that he'd told me he'd call.  WRONG!!!!  Friday at work I had to go down to his floor (for legitimate reasons I swear) and he was there, the jerk.  He didn't see me though nor did he try communicate with me at all that day.  Flash forward to the next week.  I didn't get back to the office until Wednesday because I was in Austin Tuesday for a recruiting trip.  When I got in I of course immediately checked my email...nothing.  I also didn't have any messages at any of the 3 phones I can be reached through.  So it's now Thursday afternoon, still no interaction...I am pissed.  About 2:00 p.m. he calls.  He asks me about San Diego and I ask him about Austin...both trips were great.  We discuss UCLA and UT football for  a while...I of course get riled up.  He informs me that he is going to be trading corn (yes, you heard me corn) for Enron.  While he is very excited about trading I get the impression he feels a little overwhelmed and he is a very concerned about how much trading will limit his vacation time.  He said that he and Darren had been meeting with consultants all week to get up to speed and therefore the week had pretty much just been one long string of meetings.  It is around this point that he brings up the vacation thing and how, to his dismay, as a trader you work when the markets are open and you're only off when they're closed.  As a result, he's decided to get in his long visit home ASAP, i.e. "I'm leaving tomorrow (Friday) to go to California for a week."  I make sure I heard him correctly and yes he said leaving, tomorrow and  1 whole week (7 days) AND at no point did he ask to get together before he left.  So, that was Thursday.  I'm down on his floor again on Friday to talk to my old group and, to my dismay, run in to him.  We exchange pleasantries, I ask him when he's leaving, he informs me he is going to sleep for the entire week in an attempt to catch-up, I tell him to have fun and that's that.  So here we are, or rather here I am in Houston...alone.  Any thoughts?  On a brighter note, tell Katy I think I'm going to try and come Oct 4 - Oct 9 so that I can see both of you.  Also, I understand your dilemma regarding Claudia, but I definitely don't think you should look a gift horse in the mouth (if you know what I mean).  That first month after Katy leaves is going to be awkward so it's best to have someone there even if only to act as a crutch until you find your footing.  I'm sure Monique can testify to a little extra weight dealing with me since you and Matt both took off.  And speaking of Matt, no I haven't heard a thing from the turn-coat.  I need to shoot him an email and see how things are shaping up for him.  I'm willing to bet though that moving to Austin hasn't solved all of his problems...just transplanted to a prettier location.  Get back to me with anything...I'm desperate for positive energy.  Oh, and I'm going to try to meet with that Director friend of mine this week to talk about swinging a rotation in London (he has 75 employees over there that work for him right now), and I'm going to set up a meeting with the lady in charge of my rotations within the analyst program to make sure I'm doing everything I can to get over there and still get promoted.  Talk to you soon, Susan  ******** Humor is the best medicine.********  So I'm thinking of taking that t-shirt Ted gave me and writing this on the back of it...  I dated Ted Noble and all I have to show for it is this lousy t-shirt.  Dont'cha love it? 
 Cheryl,  The deal was done with one of the California Power Books.  We use the ECC/RISKMANTRA to book any deal with an Enron subsidiary...not just Canadian deals.  So, I don't think this deal has anything to do with the Canada office.  Let me know if you need more information.  Susan 
 Aquarius - Horoscope Friday, September 8, 2000 by Astronet.com  Powerful forces are at work to challenge you on a new level of association. Travel may be part of the new game plan. Investigate the possibility of a move to a new locale. You might consider a home away from home as well. This is the time to express a latent talent or learn a new technique in relation to investments. You may have to work out some conflicts in a relationship, however. Don't let hurt feelings prevent you from making a new start. 
 Gwen,  Dolores Muzzy gave me your name as a contact for information regarding the redesigned Analyst/Associate programs.  I am currently half-way through my second rotation with the Analyst program and was hoping to get a better idea of the different opportunities available to me upon completion of my current rotation.  Although six months seems like a fair amount of time to plan my next move, I know how quickly it will pass and do not want to find myself uncertain as to what action to take to insure that I am heading in the right direction to meet my current goals.  I would appreciate the opportunity to meet with you and discuss the aforementioned topics at your earliest convenience.  If there is another individual you feel would be a better contact for me at this point I would be happy to meet with them as well.  Thank you,  Susan Scott 
 I think we have a winner.  Main Entry: cir?cu?i?tous  Pronunciation: (")s&r-'ky_-&-t&s Function: adjective Etymology: perhaps from Medieval Latin circuitosus, from Latin circuitus Date: 1664 1 : having a circular or winding course <a circuitous route> 2 : not being forthright or direct in language or action - cir?cu?i?tous?ly adverb - cir?cu?i?tous?ness noun   Also, you gotta love this quote:  Wit makes its own welcome, and levels all distinctions. No dignity, no learning, no force of character, can make any stand against good wit.  -Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882)  Truer words have never been spoken.  Shorty 
 Dolores,  I was wondering who my best resource would be to talk to about the changes to the analyst program and how they affect me.  Specifically, I wanted to get some more information on the Third-Year Analyst Rotation and its requirements (as I am currently half-way through my second rotation), as well as the different tracks available within the program.  If you could direct to the proper individual(s) I would really appreciate it.  Thanks, Susan Scott 
 Thanks again for thinking of me.  Lunch next week sounds good.  Any day of the week is fine with me as long as we get started around 11:30.  Just let me know what day is best for you.  Susan 
 Here's the service list 
 Lesli,  Deals are rebooked.  Susan 
 Scott,  Thanks for offering up your extra tickets to the game this weekend.  As it turns out, I don't think I'll be needing them - My sister has extra tickets next to she and my brother-in-law.  Hope you have a great time and maybe I'll see you at the game (although given the crowd I'm not going to count on it).  Susan  - - Looks like Saturday's going to be a balmy 90...better bring a sweater. 
 Here you go Cynthia...    Susan 
 Em,  I cannot believe you ran into Ben Affleck!!!  I'm sure it's just the first of many celebrity sightings you will have in Jolly Old England.  I had an absolutely incredible time in San Diego with Julie.  We went to the beach (where I was able to lay-out and not sweat!), shopped a ton, attended the symphony and got messages.  All in all it was an extremely relaxing weekend. Yesterday, I was in Austin for a recruiting trip and got to see Corey's new house in Hyde Park - very cute.  So I got back to work today, Wednesday, and still no word from Mr. Noble. Just to refresh, the last time I heard from him (email) was Thursday morning.  You'd be proud of me though as I have refrained from any form of contact and plan to continue that route only deviating if/when it becomes necessary for me to have a formal close to things.  I'm still hoping that will not be the case but am fully prepared for the possibility that my brief encounter with dating may be over for a while.  Sue 
 First things first...  Yes, I am still alive...Things with Wonder Boy suck (and for the time being I think we should refrain from calling him Wonder Boy)...I'll be leaving for Austin Friday night (1st football game of the season), but will be back Sunday and definitely want to get together while you're in town.  Hope all is well with you and that you had a fantastic holiday weekend.  Mine was incredible!!! I visited a friend of mine in San Diego and had the best time just hanging out, shopping, hitting the beach and attending the symphony (on the water no less).  It was definitely a good trip for my psyche as Ted has been less than impressive going on almost two weeks now.  I'm certainly not pleased about the situation, but at no point have I lost site of what a catch I am (and if he's not bright enough to see or appreciate that fact then I don't think he's bright enough for me).  Talk to you soon, Susan  Wit makes its own welcome, and levels all distinctions. No dignity, no learning, no force of character, can make any stand against good wit. -Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882) 
 I haven't sent a quote in quite some time, but this one really spoke to me.  Wit makes its own welcome, and levels all distinctions. No dignity, no learning, no force of character, can make any stand against good wit. -Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882) 
 Wit makes its own welcome, and levels all distinctions. No dignity, no learning, no force of character, can make any stand against good wit. -Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882) 
 I think Ted needs to read this.  No horse gets anywhere until he is harnessed. No stream or gas drives anything until it is confined. No Niagara is ever turned into light and power until it is tunneled. No life ever grows great until it is focused, dedicated, disciplined. -Harry Emerson Fosdick 
 "Kitty Fun Barbie" Complete with Marshmallow the cat (with long, brushable fur), cat toys, little cans of Fancy Feast, and, get this:  a carrier thaqt becomes a litter box!  "Marshmallow drinks and wets in the litter box.  Scoop up the clumps after she goes.  So real!" 
 Sometimes I really worry about you...  I know it's not kind to laugh at the misfortune of others, but I must say I was rolling when I read your email.  It's a good thing I didn't send the other card I was debating over last night which alluded to the possibility of you and Darren spending too much time together (not as funny in light of your shack last night).  So how did you explain your attire this morning to your MD?  Hope the presentation was a rousing success.  Shorty 
 Deal is rebooked  Susan  + 
 All legs of the deal have been rebooked.  Susan 
 Em,  Glad to hear that you arrived safely in your new home.  I'm sure you'll be adjusting to the time change for a few days, but hopefully this time you won't get sick.  Say, "Hi" to Katy for me and tell her I will email her soon to try and figure when is the best time to come visit.  Now on to the business at hand.  Thought I'd let you see the last email exchange between Mr. Noble and myself.  Start from the bottom with my email and then read his response.  I would love to hear your insight on it all.  Here's my thought at this point.  I think Ted is an EXTREMELY linear person, in that his focus can not be split between too many different things at once.  To that end, I believe this project, to which he has dedicated many hours, has literally harnessed all of his attention.  Realizing this, I'm not sure exactly how I feel about it - - - Any thoughts?  Sue 
 Lesli,  Both deals have been rebooked.  Susan 
 Hey Pavarotti,  Hope you day is going well and that everything is coming together for the big presentation tomorrow.  My day is going significantly better than yesterday so I am pleased.  Plus, my friend just emailed me from San Diego to inform me that she can get us a great table to see the Symphony's last performance of the season on Navy Pier...so I've got that going for me, which is nice.  By the way, what did you end up deciding to do about this weekend - or haven't you decided yet (the latter would not surprise me in the least...you're a fly by the seat of your pants kind of guy or a slight procrastinator - - I always get the two confused).  Now for the rule-breaking.  I realize it's already Wednesday but I wanted to see if you had any interest in going to grab a bite to eat or just a drink after work tomorrow or Friday night (in light of our heavy work loads, etc. I hope you can forgive my rudeness).  Both you and Darren looked pretty whipped last night and I'm sure tonight will be more of the same...You better be careful, I think this project is starting to give you gray hair.  Shorty  - - I forgot to tell you last night that my 5 yr. old niece got in trouble on the way to school yesterday because she punched a little boy in the eye. Evidently, he was bothering she and her friend Reagan...I think my sister's biggest fears have now been confirmed, little Sally may have taken after her Aunt Sue Sue a little too much. 
 done. 
 I thought you'd really like the one in blue.  My fav's the one in red. 
 Julie,  Sorry for the delayed response.  I can't express to you how excited I am to be coming out there this weekend.  After the last week and a half of work I am in desperate need of rest and relaxation (that of course means lots of shopping).  As far as activities go, I'm pretty much up for anything.  My guess is I'm probably going to want to take a quick nap when I get in Saturday morning before starting the weekend's activities, but after that I say we just get going.  The symphony sounds incredible as do the races or the polo match so I'll just leave the final choices to your discretion.  I would definitely be up for a trip to the zoo if you want to go, but considering I go there every time I'm in San Diego I could miss it in order to do/see some other things.  The only things I insist upon are ample time outdoors and good seafood.  Anyway,  I arrive in San Diego on America West flight 2180 at about 9:00 a.m. and leave Monday at 6:10 p.m. so we've almost got three full days to work with.  Love, Susan  -- Also, if you could give me an idea of what kind of items I need to pack depending on our activities it might prevent me from committing gross overpacking...Thanks. 
 Lesli,  All of the deals listed below have been rebooked to their respective counterparties.  Susan 
 The offer still stands but the location has changed...We're meeting at the Gingerman instead of Kenneally's (so alas no pizza - but oh, what a selection of beer). 
 Hey Darren,  I haven't forgotten that I still owe you a birthday beer.  In fact, Ted was kind enough to point out my failure to do so and add to my already heavy feelings of guilt.  Anyway, I know you guys are working hard getting your presentation ready, but if you need a break I'm planning on meeting a friend at Kenneally's tonight for a little pizza and beer.  Let me know if you have any interest in collecting...if not, you can just hold on to your raincheck until another time.  Susan 
 Do we need to talk? 
 Julie,  Everything you have mentioned up to this point sounds incredible.  I would love to see the symphony, got to a polo match or the races, etc. etc.  I've made everybody here at work green with envy talking about my trip.  I'm going to email you back tomorrow with a much more detailed response to your emails because I'm trying like mad to get out of work before 7:00 tonight.  Anyway, like I said it all sounds great and I am very excited about the trip (believe me it's much needed).  Susan  I'll give you the exact times tomorrow, but my flight gets in around 9:00 a.m. on Saturday and doesn't leave until around 6:00 p.m. on Monday.  Talk to you tomorrow. 
 Read it and weep...Just let me know if you want me to bring some sand back with me in case you don't make it out there this weekend.  I'm thinking I may need to get Julie to hook me up with a job like hers...if it will allow me to live like we're evidently going to this weekend.  Shorty 
 This one kind of gives you that warm, fuzzy feeling inside.  Knowing that you are benefiting mankind by working for the Big "E". 
 Here is what I think is a final draft...I'm going to give it one last read thru...if you have further comments let me know immediately.  Thanks. 
 Cinderella in Her Later Years.......  Cinderella was now 75 years old. After a fulfilling life with the now dead Prince, she happily sat upon her rocking chair, watching the world go by from her front porch, with a cat named Bob for companionship.  One sunny afternoon, out of nowhere, appeared the Fairy Godmother.  Cinderella said "Fairy Godmother, what are you doing here after all these years??"  The Fairy godmother replied "Well Cinderella, since you have lived a good, wholesome life since we last met, I have decided to grant you 3 wishes.  Is there anything for which your heart still yearns?"  Cinderella was taken aback, overjoyed and after some thoughtful consideration, and almost under her breath she uttered her first wish:  "I wish I was wealthy beyond comprehension." Instantly, her rocking chair was turned into solid gold. Cinderella was stunned.  Bob, her old faithful cat, jumped off her lap and scampered to the edge of the porch, quivering with fear. Cinderella said "Oh thank you, Fairy Godmother".  The Fairy Godmother replied, "It is the least I can do. What does your heart want for your second wish?" Cinderella looked down at her frail body, and said: "I wish I was young and full of the beauty of youth again."  At once, her wish having been desired became reality, and her beautiful youthful visage had returned. Cinderella felt stirrings inside her that had been dormant for years and a long forgotten vigor and vitality began to course through her.  Then the Fairy Godmother again spoke "You have one more wish, what shall you have?" Cinderella looks over to the frightened cat in the corner and says"; "I wish for you to transform Bob, my old cat, into a beautiful, and handsome young man".  Magically, Bob suddenly underwent so fundamental a change in his biological make-up, that when complete he stood before her, a man, so beautiful the like of which she nor the world had ever seen, so fair indeed that birds began to fall from the sky at his feet.  The Fairy Godmother again spoke: "Congratulations, Cinderella.  Enjoy your new life." And, with a blazing shock of bright blue electricity, she was gone. For a few eerie moments, Bob and Cinderella looked into each other's eyes, Cinderella sat, breathless, gazing at the most stunningly perfect man she had ever seen. Then Bob walked over to Cinderella, who sat transfixed in her rocking chair, and held her close in his young muscular arms.  He leaned in close blowing her golden hair with his warm breath as he whispered:  "I bet you regret having me neutered now, don't you?" 
 Agustin,  You are right, the correct deal number for Industrias del Etileno is just NW9742 (legs 1 & 2).  Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Lexi,  I will be able to attend and am going to try to get to Austin in time for the faculty lunch.  I will let you know if I can make the lunch for sure after I've worked out my travel arrangements.  Thanks, Susan 
 Okay, I have to admit it is somewhat of a pansy schedule and it is going to be like that for about the next three years.  However, this season will give us the perfect opportunity to get all of our freshman and sophomores the necessary experience needed to win the National title two to three years from now.  Mack Brown is a master at pacing a teams rise to the top.  With the #1 recruiting class in the country last year and a top 5 class this year the future looks bright for the Longhorns.  Besides, our stadium's on campus and we've sold over 40,000 season tickets...the games are bound to be fun regardless of how weak the opponents may be.  Counter?  Shorty 
 Well, this may go down as one of my absolute worst weeks ever.  Hope yours was better and that you made a full recovery from Steak Night. 
 Sorry I didn't get a chance to buy you a beer last night - we got there late.  I owe you one.  Hope you had a great birthday. 
 Sorry I couldn't make it for cake last night.  I had to work late last night...Big Shock!!!  Anyway, hope it was fun and that you're having a great week.  Mine has been pretty busy work wise.  I'm sure you're curious about Mr. Noble.  All I can say right now is that, while I definitely still like him (we had a great time Sunday), I am some what annoyed with him right now...he's been very wishy-washy the first half of this week.  I'm not real sure what I'm going to do about it, but I'm sure I'll think of something. 
 Fly me to the moon. 
 Here's what I've added to my answer to address Ni's question.  Let me know if you have comments. I'll have a final draft out shortly.  Prior to the deadline for filing interventions, Transwestern received a request from Commission staff for clarification of the criteria for awarding of Shipper call options.  The procedure will be as follows:  an advance posting will specify the term of the available option, term of transportation service, transportation volume, and instructions for bidding.  Shipper call options will be awarded based upon the highest rate payable for the option component. 
 Lesli,  I am indeed the right person and will be happy to rebook the deals below. Just so you know, there are going to be several more deals that will need to be rebooked as soon as the CP's are set up.  If you could just let me know when the new CP's are set-up I will rebook the other deals as well.  Thanks,  Susan 31455 . 
 Same dude...and he is good.  We're going to Steak Night tonight at Little Woodrows which of course makes me happy.  Also, I just sent him a list of all the UT games so he can start planning to attend.  As soon as he decides on a first game I'm going to have to start preparing him to meet the family and others.  That's a lot of prep work.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Your own personal palm pilot hard at work.  As promised, here's a list of UT's games this season...color coded for your convenience of course.  Sep 9                UL Lafayette,  12:30pm  Sep 16              at Stanford,   10:15pm  Sep 23              Houston,   TBA  Sep 30              Oklahoma St.,  TBA  Oct 7                 Oklahoma,   3:30pm  (a.k.a. "OU Weekend"...this is a huge game...the two teams meet halfway at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas)  Oct 14               at Colorado,  TBA  Oct 21               Missouri,   TBA  Oct 28               Baylor,   TBA  Nov 4                at Texas Tech,  2:00pm  Nov 11              at Kansas,   TBA  Nov 24              Texas A&M,   3:30pm  (Thanksgiving Weekend)  All Times Eastern  * Home games are in burnt orange...what else? 
 The counterparty for that deal is Enron Omaha and the contact is Larry Paulou.  I am working on clearing up any other deals booked with the counterparty as New this morning.  Let me know if there is anything else you need. 
 Hey there yourself,  Sorry I haven't written you guys in a while to keep you properly updated.  I am indeed checking on flights to Seoul and don't think I'm going to go at exactly the same time as my parents.  As much fun as they are, I figured we would probably do some different things than what you have planned for them.  As for Ted, things are still going well although I haven't see him at all this week (we are two very busy people).  But, we had a great laid back day last Saturday and I think have hit that comfortable stage...you know, not quite so formal about dates etc.  In one sense it's great, but it also makes things a lot harder to read.  Anyway, I'm sure my Mom told you guys but Travis and Kathy got to meet him and I think it went well.  Hopefully, if we're still dating come December, you and Chuck can meet him when you come back to visit.  I'm planning on dragging him to at least one of the U.T. games, I just have to find out when he wants to go (as well as properly prepare him for the Scott/Kelley/Parks/Wild Card gang and the full-day affair that is a U.T. game).  Things in Houston are good and definitely warm.  I went with Emily and her Mom last night to see the musical "Rent" and it was wonderful.  Also, I'm going out to San Diego for the Labor Day weekend to visit Hoot's daughter Julie.  Needless to say I am very excited.  Talk to you  guys soon, Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 You know I was just teasing, right?  And, no dating is definitely not a bad thing.  As for being or not being fortunate enough, just remember...your good enough, your smart enough and dog-gonnit people like you.  Have fun tomorrow night and try up that fortune. 
 The man who thinks he can do without the world is indeed mistaken; but the man who thinks the world cannot do without him is mistaken even worse. -Francois, duc de La Rochefoucauld 
 The Word of the Day for May 19 is:=20  weird =01=07 \WEERD\ =01=07 (adjective)=20 *1 : of, relating to, or caused by witchcraft or the=20 supernatural : magical=20 2 : of strange or extraordinary character : odd, fantasti= c=20  Example sentence: "Hagar, the witch, chanted an awful incantation over her kettleful of simmering toads, with weird effect." (Louisa= =20 May Alcott, Little Women)=20  Did you know? You may know today's word as a generalized term for anyth= ing unusual, but "weird" also has older meanings that are mor= e specific. "Weird" derives from the Old English noun "wyrd= ," essentially meaning "fate." By the late 8th century, the= =20 plural "wyrde" had begun to appear in texts as a gloss for=20 "Parcae," the Latin name for the Fates -- three goddesses who spun, measured, and cut the thread of life. In the 15th and 16t= h centuries, Scots authors employed "werd" or "weird" in th= e phrase "weird sisters" to refer to the Fates. William Shakespeare adopted this usage in Macbeth, in which the "weird sisters" are depicted as three witches. Subsequent adjectival use of "weird" grew out of a reinterpretation = of=20 the "weird" in Shakespeare. 
 ARIES  HOROSCOPE:   Weekly    For May 2000: Reassess your goals and friendships. Things have changed. Are you satisfied with your job, relationships, and immediate future? May brings things to light that have been buried or disguised. Take a cool calm steady look at what surfaces. . . and decide if a change in direction is warranted. It's clear that your work scenario needs refurbishing and your daily schedule cries out for major rehab. But first and foremost, you'll get your second wind by dropping tension and frustration mid month, increasing the probability for better relations with friends, coworkers, and relatives. Try to establish healthy, positive change no later than the Full Moon. Take steps to insure your financial and business future on or before May 28. 
 AQUARIUS  HOROSCOPE:    Weekly    For May 15-21: You're moving away from one base of operations into another. Your priorities and basic requirements are also shifting. You find yourself relying less on something you've clung to in the past -- and moving closer to something newer, fresher, and more invigorating. You've got a rage to live and a burning desire for peak experiences. Middle of the road choices won't do it for you. Your hankering to push the envelope could get you into hot water with the old guard and certain close associates or relatives -- possibly because they're afraid of being replaced. But the genie is already out of the bottle, Aquarius. You can't unlearn what you've already tasted. Change is rolling in on its own power now. Go with it. . . and try to enjoy the ride. . . 
 Transwestern Transport Options:  A technical conference is being scheduled for January 9, 2001. 
 Attached is a draft of an answer to protests received in Docket No. RP01-56. Please let me know your comments before noon tomorrow if possible.  Thanks. 
 You are the best.  I sit on 32 now, 2376c to be exact.  When you hit the top of the stairs hang a left then turn left at the next possible opening.  I'll flag you down.  However, I would be more than happy to come down and pick up the check.  Just let me know what works best for you. 
 The elegance of your commentary has left me speechless. 
 I have recently moved:  CO #   413 RC#  1839 Desk  3276c Ext.  31455 Bus. Unit ENA - Risk Management, Financial Books Eff date  03/28/2000=20 Poss End date 3/1/2001 Supervisor Mike Moscoso (For PRC)...New supervisor is Dutch Quigley Assistant Maria Sandoval (ext. 35586)...New assistanat is Irena Hogan ext.= =20 36143  =20    2. If you have moved recently, you must provide your new CO#, RC# / Cost=20 Center#, new desk location, and extension to me. Also, needed is Name of=20 Business Unit and Group, Effective date and possible end date, Supervisor= =20 (for PRC), Supervisor=01,s location and extension, Supervisor=01,s assistan= t along=20 with her location and extension. Please indicate the new changes when sendi= ng=20 your timesheet. 
 Je toujours ai su que le francais se sont penses superieur, je ne me suis pas rendu compte cela etait vrai pour les haut-parleurs francais aussi. 
 Je pense que je suis un plaisir a est vers.  (Mes excuses, le net send ne travaille pas.) 
 Hi Mark...me again.  You really are missing my presence in the controls group aren't you? 
 May there always be work for your hands to do, May your purse always hold a coin or two. May the sun always shine warm on your windowpane, May a rainbow be certain to follow each rain. May the hand of a friend always be near you, And may God fill your heart with gladness to cheer you. -- Irish Blessing 
 Today we remember Jane Austen, the British writer born on this date in 1775= .=20 Austen depreciated herself as a "miniaturist" and a domestic novelist of=20 restricted scope, but her literary legacy is large. She was also able to la= y=20 self-deprecation aside, however, and in Northanger Abbey she declared that= =20 novels -- her chosen genre -- are works in which "the greatest powers of th= e=20 mind are displayed, in which the most thorough knowledge of human nature, t= he=20 happiest delineation of its varieties, the liveliest effusions of wit and= =20 humour are conveyed to the world in the best chosen language."=01(  Austen's work brims with general statements that are contradicted by the=20 people in her stories. For instance, Pride and Prejudice opens by noting th= at=20 "It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of= a=20 good fortune, must be in want of a wife." The book then describes Mrs.=20 Bennett, mother of a household full of marriageable daughters as "a woman o= f=20 mean understanding, little information, and uncertain temper." As Austen=20 acquaints us with the tale of each daughter's engagements, she=20 wonders,                    "For what do we live, but to make sport for our= =20 neighbors and  laugh at them in our turn?"As Austen acquaints us with the= =20 tale of each daughter's engagements, she wonders, "For what do we live, but= =20 to make sport for our neighbors and laugh at them in our turn?" 
 Just wanted to thank you all for showing my parents such a good time last night.  They really enjoyed meeting you and finally being able to put some faces with the names.  At one point I believe my Dad even stated, "I love this place...now we'll have to come here every Wednesday." (An idle threat though don't worry).  They, as well as myself, are definitely fans of the topical conversational range ever present at "Steak Night".  Our own, though at times juvenile and base, version of the Algonquian Table.  Now on to the "food for thought"...I had a hard time narrowing down my selections today so please bear with the number of quotes and their seemingly unrelated themes (I just couldn't cut any more).  "Courage, it would seem, is nothing less than the power to overcome danger, misfortune, fear, injustice, while continuing to affirm inwardly that life with all its sorrows is good; that everything is meaningful even if in a sense beyond our understanding; and that there is always tomorrow." -- Dorothy Thompson  "One should guard against preaching to young people success in the customary form as the main aim in life. The most important motive for work in school and in life is pleasure in work, pleasure in its result, and the knowledge of the value of the result to the community." -- Albert Einstein  "Among those whom I like or admire, I can find no common denominator, but among those whom I love, I can: all of them make me laugh." --W.H. Auden  "Learn to give yourself what you wish you could get from somebody else." -- Steven Ouellette  "The game of life is a game of boomerangs. Our thoughts, deeds and words return to us sooner or later with astounding accuracy." -- Florence Scovel Shinn  "We must all suffer one of two things: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment." -- Jim Rohn 
 Sorry I didn't return your call last night, Lisa and I went to hear Julie Andrews speak at Jones Hall and didn't get home until after 10:00 p.m. Knowing what a precious commodity sleep is I refrained from possibly disturbing your own. 
 Denise -- can you order this for me? Let me know if you need any info. I'll need the laptop plus 2 docking stations, one upstairs and one down. And a normal monitor & keyboard. 
 "The greatest good we can do for others is not to share our riches with them, but to reveal their own." - Author Unknown  "One should guard against preaching to young people success in the customary form as the main aim in life. The most important motive for work in school and in life is pleasure in work, pleasure in its result, and the knowledge of the value of the result to the community." -- Albert Einstein  "We must all suffer one of two things: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment." -- Jim Rohn  "The game of life is a game of boomerangs. Our thoughts, deeds and words return to us sooner or later with astounding accuracy." -- Florence Scovel Shinn 
 "1. Do what's right. Be on time, be polite, and be honest; remain free from drugs; and if you have any questions, get out your Bible. 2. Do your best. Mediocrity is unacceptable when you are capable of doing better. 3. Treat others as you want to be treated. Practice love and understanding." -- Lou Holtz (Three rules for success)  May there always be work for your hands to do, May your purse always hold a coin or two. May the sun always shine warm on your windowpane, May a rainbow be certain to follow each rain. May the hand of a friend always be near you, And may God fill your heart with gladness to cheer you. -- Irish Blessing 
 FYI  - Europe spends an average of $4-9 per person on the arts compared with the US at .64 and declining.  > > On NPR's Morning Edition, Nina Totenberg reported > that > if the > > > Supreme Court supports Congress to cut the budget > of > the National > > > Endowment of the Arts, it is in effect the end of > NEA. This situation > > > creates > > > great concerns about Congressional funding for > creative arts in > America, > > > since > > > NEA provides major support for NPR (National > Public > Radio), PBS > (Public > > > Broadcasting System), and numerous other creative > and performing > arts. > > If > > > NEA is lost or weakened, our lives will be > similarly > diminished. > > > > > > In spite of the efforts of each station to reduce > spending costs and > > > streamline their services, some government > officials > believe that > > > the funding currently going to these programs is > too > large a portion > of > > > funding for something which is seen as not > worthwhile. > > > > > > Currently, taxes from the general public for PBS > equal $1.12 per > person > > > per year, and the National Endowment for the Arts > equals $.64 a year. > > > A January 1995 CNN/USA Today/Gallup poll indicated > that 76% of > > > Americans wish to keep funding for PBS, third only > to national > defense > > and > > > law enforcement as the most valuable programs for > federal funding. > > > > > > Each year, the Senate and House Appropriations > Committees each have > 13 > > > subcommittees with jurisdiction over many programs > and agencies. > > > Each subcommittee passes its own appropriation > bill. >  The goal each > year > > is > > > to have each bill signed by the beginning of the > fiscal year, which > is > > > October 1. > > > > > > The only way that our representatives can be aware > of the base of > support > > > for PBS and funding for these types of programs is > by our making our > > > voices heard. > > > > > > Please add your name to this list and forward it > to > friends who > > > believe in favor of what this stands for. > > > > > > The full list will be forwarded to the President > of > the United > States, > > > the Vice President, and the Speaker of the House, > whose office has in > > > the past been the instigator of the action to cut > funding to these > > > worthwhile programs. > > > > > > This petition is being passed around the Internet. > > Please add your > name > > > to it so that funding can be maintained for the > NEA, > NPR, and PBS. > > > > > > THIS IS OUR CHANCE TO MAKE INTERNET TECHNOLOGY > WORK > AS A VOICE IN OUR > > > DEMOCRATIC SYSTEM.  IT'S EASIER THAN EVER TO MAKE > OUR VOICES HEARD. > > > > > > Please keep the petition rolling.  Do not reply to > me. > > > > > > Sign your name and locale to the list and forward > it > to others to > sign. > > > If you prefer not to sign, please send the list to > the email address > > > given below.  This is being forwarded to numerous > people at once to > add > > > their names to the petition. It won't matter if > many > people receive > > > the same list, as the names are being managed. > This > is for anyone > who > > > thinks NPR and PBS deserve $1.12/year of their > taxes. > > > > > > If you sign, please forward the list to others. > If > not, please don't > > kill > > > it. > > > > > > **** If you happen to be the 150th, 200th, 250th, > etc., signer of > this > > > petition, please forward a copy to: > wein2688@blue.univnorthco.edu > This > > > way we can keep track of the lists and organize > them.  Forward this > to > > > everyone you know, and help us to keep these > programs alive. > > > > > > Thank you !!! > > > NOTE: It is preferable that you SELECT the > entirety > of this letter > and > > > then COPY it into a NEW outgoing message, rather > than simply > forwarding > > > it.  In your new outgoing message, add your name > to > the bottom of the > > > list, then send it on.  Or, if the option is > available, do a SEND > AGAIN. > > > > > > 1.  David Liberman, Sylva, NC > > > 2.  Marie Harrison, Sylva, NC > > > 3.  Randi Beckmann, Ithaca, NY > > > 4.  Bill Wertheim, Mt.  Vernon, NY > > > 5.  Marlene Wertheim, Mt.  Vernon, NY > > > 6.  George Wertheim, San Francisco, CA. > > > 7.  Linda Wertheim, San Francisco, CA > > > 8.  Linda R.  Semi, Walnut Creek, CA > > > 9.  Margaret C.  Forness, Pleasant Hill, CA > > > 10.  Phillip D.  Rubenstein, Syracuse, NY > > > 11.  Timothy J.  Connell, Madison, WI > > > 12.  Stacia E.  Jesner, Mt.  Kisco, NY > > > 13.  Jenna Schnuer, NYC, NY > > > 14.  Julia Kohn, NY, NY > > > 15.  Maria Sarro, NY, NY > > > 16.  Evan Schwartz, Cliffside Park, NJ > > > 17.  Pat Waters, Lakewood, CO > > > 19.  Karen Tilton, Maquoketa, IA > > > 20.  Kent Crawford > > > 21.  Terry Dillon > > > 22.  Gene Bechen, Coralville, IA > > > 23.  Neal Schnoor, Kearney, NE > > > 24.  Sam Zitek, Crete, NE > > > 25.  Jay Kloecker > > > 26.  Marilyn Godby, Papillion, NE > > > 27.  Lucina Johnson > > > 28.  Alfred Tom Johnson > > > 29.  Tyler Corey Johnson > > > 30.  A.  Corey Limbach > > > 31.  Paula Smith, Berkeley, CA > > > 32.  Pat Quinn, Alameda, CA > > > 33.  Andrea Quinn, Alameda, CA > > > 34.  Jerry Hackett, Berkeley, CA > > > 35.  Richard Hackett, NY > > > 36.  Jeffrey Green, CA > > > 37.  Phil Chernin, CA > > > 38.  Sandra S.  Bauer, CA > > > 39.  Gregory LeVasseur, San Francisco, CA > > > 40.  Keiko LeVasseur, San Francisco, CA > > > 41.  Diego Gonzalez, San Francisco, CA > > > 42.  David D.  Berkowitz, Washington, DC > > > 43.  Peter Glass, Bellevue, WA > > > 44.  Mary Frances Rimpini, Kent, WA > > > 45.  Mary Frances Stevens, Kirkland, WA > > > 46.  Linda Grebmeier, Benicia, CA > > > 47.  Lee Altman, Benicia, CA > > > 48.  Jeffrey Gray, South Orange, NJ > > > 49.  Ed Jones, Orange, NJ > > > 50.  Daniel P.  Jones, Glenside, PA > > > 51.  Jenifer Goetz, State College, PA > > > 52.  Arnold R.  Post, Carrboro, NC > > > 53.  Anna E.  Post, Carrboro, NC > > > 54.  Robert A.  Post, Cape May, NJ > > > 55.  Evelyn M.  Post, Cape May, NJ > > > 56.  Jay A.  Sklaroff, Philadelphia, PA > > > 57.  Harry M.  Sklaroff, Washington, DC > > > 58.  Susan E.  Salmons, Washington, DC > > > 59.  Dori Langevin, Silver Spring, MD > > > 60.  Ted Langevin, Silver Spring, MD > > > 61.  David Mercier, Easton, MD > > > 62.  Phoebe Harding, Baltimore, MD > > > 63.  Molly Rath, Baltimore, MD > > > 64.  Terry O'Hara, Baltimore, MD > > > 65.  Nina Wendt, Baltimore, MD > > > 66.  Marilyn Clark, Baltimore, MD > > > 67.  Cathy McKinney, Boone, NC > > > 68.  Harold McKinney, Boone, NC > > > 69.  Milena Garcia, Columbia, MD > > > 70.  Timothy Morrison, Devore, CA > > > 71.  Virginia S.  Kallay Cleveland, OH > > > 72.  Nancy Cleaveland, Atlanta, GA > > > 73.  Cindy Lutenbacher, Decatur, GA > > > 74.  Kaye Norton, Columbus, OH > > > 75.  Elaine Haidt, Chapel Hill, NC > > > 76.  Harold Haidt, Chapel Hill, NC > > > 76.  Frank Church, Chapel Hill, NC > > > 77.  Astrid R.  Jarzembowski, Garrison, NY > > > 78.  Ted Wischhusen, Mesa, AZ > > > 79.  Hugh Wischhusen, Tucson, AZ > > > 80.  Theo Wischhusen, North Brunswick, NJ > > > 81.  Ian Swanson, Bakersfield, CA > > > 82.  Beigher Taylor, Bakersfield, CA > > > 83.  Donald McClure, San Diego, CA > > > 84.  Kimberly Ver Steeg, New York, NY > > > 85.  Lynda Akerman, Long Island City, NY > > > 86.Theresa > > > 87 Donnell Moseley > > > 88. Louise Sanchione, Scottsdale, AZ > > > 89.  Ryan Krch, Phoenix, AZ > > > 90. Dayna Kowata Robinson, Mesa, AZ > > > 91. Nancy Lust > > > 92. Holly Thorsen > > > 93  (Rtrd St Senator) Donn Charnley, Shoreline, WA > > > 94. Mary F. Fox, Shoreline, WA > > > 95. Brenda Devereux-Graminski, Shoreline, WA > > > 96. Jerry Graminski, Shoreline, WA > > > 97. Karen Johnson, Redmond, WA > > > 98. Francine Staczek, Seattle, WA > > > 99. David Staczek, Seattle, WA > > > 100. Maya Lucchitta, Seattle, WA > > > 101. Markus Doerry,  Anchorage, AK > > > 102.  Janae Wallace, Salt Lake City, UT > > > 103. Karen De Rose Salt Lake City, UT. > > > 104.  Hilary Garrett  Vancouver, WA > > > 105.  Mike Rivera, Taos, NM > > > 106. Jaquelin LoydTaos,NM > > > 107.  Allegra Huston, Taos NM > > 108. Trey Speegle, Brooklyn, NY > > 109. Roswell Hamrick, New York City, NY > 110. Peter Frank, New York City > 111. Stephen Magner, Washington DC > 112. Ilse Lemke, Corte Madera, CA > 113. Anna Kauffman, San Francisco, CA > 114. Kelly Irby 115. Amelia Stephan, San Francisco, CA >116. Nicholas Stephan, Houston, TX  >117.       Susan Scott, Houston, TX 
 Where were you last night? 
 Turns out my boss is going to get to Teala's at @ 5:00.  So if you want to show up earlier, say 6:00/6:30, I'm sure that would be cool.  I know Ben, Nick and possibly Sunil are planning on going so you may want to see when they are planning on getting there. 
 I'm finally having my going away Happy Hour with my old group tonight so I'm out.   Sorry.  Hope you guys have fun (Don't forget Woody's is a cheese-fest) 
 I too enjoyed our talk last night ( I'm always interested in other viewpoints, it is only by examining them that we challenge our own).  The Happy Hour tonight is at Teala's on West Dallas.  My recommendation is that you plan on arriving at 7:00 or later.  Hopefully by that time my old manager will have had enough to drink he won't mind all these other people on his tab.  I must admit, the job just keeps sounding better and better.  P.S. Thanks for the compliment...that's a quality I like being associated with. 
 *31455 
 I'm sure we can find you a ride over there.  What time do you think you're going to be finished-up here? 
 Are you still going to run? 
 Please see the attached. 
 I have purchased 4 tickets to Saturday night's show.  Maybe we can all go out to dinner before-hand or I wouldn't mind having everyone over to my place for a little wine and food?  Also, I don't think I can make this week's Tasters dinner because my old group is having a belated going away happy hour in honour of me.  PARTAY!!! 
 By the way, when are you leaving for NY/moving all of your stuff?  And, when's your last day at the Big "E"? 
 I will most likely have a good headstart by the time you get there. 
 What time are you thinking about getting over there? 
 It is tonight and it looks as though we will have great weather.  I'm planning on getting there ASAP as I've had a rough week already and need some beer in a bucket. 
 I apologise for the delay in my response to your email.  Thank you for contacting me regarding the rotational opportunity in your group.  While it sounds intriguing, I will not be able to pursue it as I have already begun my second rotation with ENA.  However, I would appreciate the opportunity to learn more about your group and any possible future rotations.  Please let me know if you would be able to meet at some later date.  Thank you again. 
 I've called and checked before and evidently the steak cook comes rain, sleet, snow or hail.  So unless everyone's opposed to eating inside, if it's raining, we can go no matter what. 
 Who all would you like on your guest list for tomorrow?  Regular crew? 
 I may have to start training now for that. 
 In honour of your departure I think it is only right that we do "Red Meat" one more time.  I feel as though I've said this a lot lately but...Congratulations.  I don't want to devalue the statement by repeating it over and over again so just know that I am completely sincere when I say it. The money sounds fantastic, although I hope that aside from the money you enjoy and are challenged by your new role.  I may not know you inside and out but I do know that you need to be in an exciting and fast-paced environment to hold your interest and sustain motivation and this sounds like it will provide that for you.  Also, the step up position-wise is great and I think deserved.  As far as being scared goes, that'll be our little secret.  You do know though that fear is a great motivator and often provides us with that extra push to do and try the things we may not have otherwise done.  I guess this means I'll have a good excuse to visit NY. 
 Mike, as we discussed yesterday, please get a copy of the following exhibits to the "Happy Trails" application in Docket No. CP99-163-000:  Exhibit K - Cost of facilities  Exhibit N - Revenues, expenses, income  Exhibit O - Depreciation and depletion  Please send them directly to Lorraine Lindberg at EB4150G.  If you have any questions she can be reached at 713-853-5403.  Or -- I'll be here the rest of the day today.  Thank you! 
 Sure, why the heck not.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 O.K.  Just wanted to see if we're still on for Saturday night.  Let me know if anyone else wants to come because I think I'm just going to order the tickets today over the phone or on the internet.  Also, I was trying to remember how much I covered of your meal the other night at Sabroso's.  I think it was around $15, so if it's okay with you I'll just pay for your ticket and then take the difference from the amount you sent in that email and cut you a check for that amount (I know I'm very delinquent).  I promise I'm good for the money.  Also, was wondering if you're still interested in the Bruce Cockburn concert on the 11th.  Just let me know.  Hope your having a wonderful day. 
 I just finished having lunch with Tobin and he filled me in a bit about this morning's meeting.  I don't know how you reacted, if you were upset, etc. but I wanted to offer this up if you were struggling with the situation. Whatever happens and whatever is said about your move don't ever lose sight of the fact that in every aspect of this situation you conducted yourself in the best and most open manner possible.  In no way can or should your conduct be called into question.  Bearing that in mind any criticism that was expressed within the meeting this morning was beyond inappropriate.  I am sure it reflected much more poorly on the accuser than it did any of those being criticized.  Furthermore, just keep focused on what an incredible opportunity this move is going to be for you and all of the doors it will inevitably open.  There isn't a doubt in my mind that you are bound for great things, you just have to seize the opportunities that will lead to that when they come along (which is exactly what you've done).  Keep your chin up and whatever you do don't doubt yourself or your actions. 
 Again Mark I am flattered that you include me in these explanations...but I don't really need them anymore. 
 Ben was actually already planning on going.  In fact he informed me he would be bringing a friend from Canada.  FYI - I didn't know there was a "friend" in Canada until very recently (although I had my suspicions) and further more had never heard a name until today.  Regardless, any friend of y'alls is a friend of mine.  Also, Nick is going to bring Amy (his significant other).  Should be an interesting evening. 
 It looks like people are going to start arriving around 7:00 so I'd say just show up after your done running and getting all pretty.  I'm sure we'll all be there till at least 10:00. 
 So are you going tonight or not? 
 You're the greatest.  I think Little Woodrow's is on for tonight although I'm still waiting to see if my brother and his wife want to go out tonight (he leaves for South Korea Sunday), if they're a no go I will be on the deck with a bucket of beer.  P.S. You are in peak physical condition. 
 Is it really so you can look at girls or so people can look at you?  I think your right about everyone being able to beat anyone with one important caveat.  The individuals in question must be in the same strata.  I would not anticipate that an olympic medal winning long-distance runner could be beat by Joe Shmoe who runs every day at Memorial Park.  Of course if one is patient and bides their time they could probably stand a shot when the guy gets really old and slow.  Also, are you so bold as to suggest you've never lost?  Or do you not identify them as losses but rather the results of your own choosing? 
 No I'm not close b/c I can't take off 2hrs from work to go run in the park. However, I am getting up every morning at 6 to go run so that ought to count for extra.  Besides when did this become a contest I wouldn't think you'd consider me a worthy adversary... at least not yet.  I do know the model you're speaking of, but isn't she married to some billionaire in Venezuela? 
 Lorraine -- answers to some of your questions.  Questar Line 90 Company purchased the facilities from ARCO for a total of $38 million.  At the time it made its FERC application, Questar Southern Trails' estimated cost of 1) purchasing the facilities from Line 90 Company and 2) converting the line to gas service via the construction of compressor stations and various pipeline replacements, realignments and extension:  155 million.  I assume you want more detail so I'll have Mike Vannorden get the relevant exhibits.  Southern Trails proposed to install 7 new compressor stations.  These are detailed on Table 1 in their application cover letter (on my desk if you want to take a look).  The various pipeline modifications they proposed to make are described in some detail on pages 12 - 16.  Available capacity:  120,000 Dth/day in West Zone; 87,500 in East Zone.  I will have Mike send you exhibits I believe might be of interest. 
 The post-id should be 766556.  I am still inputting the unofficial post-id on a daily basis in that file that was created for you all, O:\Erms\erms_adm\GasDaily\GDailyDrop.  Let me know if there's anything else I can do. 
 How was NY? 
 Just wanted to ease your mind and let you know that I have not discussed your impending move with anyone save those you have already informed.  I am well aware of the sensitivity of the subject.  Believe it or not, sometimes I am able to keep my mouth shut. 
 Ginger,  I would very much like to participate in the meeting this Thursday. However, given that it is bid-week, I cannot absolutely guarantee my attendance.  If it is at all possible for me to include myself with the caveat that I may have to pull-out last minute I would really appreciate the opportunity.  Please let me know if this is all right and I will do everything I can to attend. 
 What is it about the two of you that you think I can't handle?  And believe me I am making efforts to enlist worthy participants. 
 Our regular Wednesday night crowd will be somewhat diminished.  However the most important individuals will be present...Us. 
 Who's picking on me?  I'll see what I can do but most of my girlfriends live in other cities and besides who wants to expend energy entertaining second string candidates? 
 I'm not going to take any lip from you.  The name is Little Woodrow's and it's on W. Alabama just off of Kirby. 
 Who all's going? 
 Say 7:30-7:45 and your on. 
 Here's the letter with some slight changes. Drew and I thought it better to mention the interconnect for regulatory reasons.  Questions? let's chat. Thanks. 
 What kind of time frame are we looking at? 
 For April 2000: Your mind is so active, inventive, and unlimited this month that you're capable of almost anything! (You've privately believed that the rules don't necessarily apply to you.) This month, your incredible adaptability and powers of persuasion help you shed the status quo and break out of the corral. Unless you catch your foot in a bear trap, nothing can stop you. People are fascinated by your mind, wit, ideas, and conversation. (Don't forget: Oprah Winfrey is an Aquarius!) Your views are welcomed and provoke others to investigate things they may have taken for granted. Speak up during the first week, especially if it's to announce you're starting a new venture. Business travel is likely during the first and third weeks, especially if contractual issues need to be finalized. Travel is actually enjoyable this month and can open your eyes to fresh horizons. Aquarius. . . you've dragged your tin cup across the bars long enough. I smell a prison break. . . . 
 AQUARIUS  For April 17-23: Travel plans shape up and morph into much more. Every step you take seems to branch out into a sea of possibilities -- especially lately. The old rules don't apply anymore. The idea of signing up for something and hanging in there until retirement doesn't suit an innovator like you. Your developing success will beget an avalanche of more success. Have your bags packed in preparation for spur of the moment opportunities and travel necessities. Your wanderlust is starting to surface in a big way. You want to know more and experience life on a richer level. You're not the same person you were even a year ago. You understand more about yourself. Be open to travel, moving, advanced training, and additional contact with media and publishing. The word is out, Aquarius -- and hard-to-pass-up offers are already in the mail. . . . 
 You know me...any excuse to celebrate.  Name a time and place...amazingly my calendar appears to be open tomorrow night. 
 Congratulations and yes you did.  I of course will be sad to see you go but= I=20 know this is something you really wanted and therefore I can be nothing but= =20 pleased for you.  I'd tell you to have fun this weekend in NY, but telling= =20 you to have a good time in NY is like telling a sprinter to run fast. =20  As for myself I'm doing well.  I had incredible seats at the Opera Friday a= nd=20 spent the rest of the weekend in Austin so all in all it was a great weeken= d. Remind me again where you will be based in the new job (I thought NY but=20 wasn't sure).  Also, when do you make the Big Move?  As I've said before keep me posted on all your endeavors...they are always= =20 interesting.  I think you already hold pretty true to the statement below, but it never= =20 hurts to be reminded.   "For a long time it had seemed to me that life was about to begin - real=20 life. But there was always some obstacle in the way, something to be gotten through first, some unfinished= =20 business, time still to be served,=20 or a debt to be paid.  Then life would begin.  At last it dawned on me that= =20 these obstacles WERE my "life." =20 So, treasure every moment that you have...and remember that time waits for = no=20 one...  So stop waiting  until you finish school,  until you go back to school,  until you lose ten pounds,  until you gain ten pounds,  until you have kids,  until your kids leave the house= ,  until you start work,  until you retire,  until you get married,  until you get divorced,  until Friday night,  until Sunday morning,  until you get a new car or home= ,  until your car or home is paid o= ff,  until spring,  until summer,  until fall,  until winter,  until you are off welfare,  until the first or fifteenth= ,  until your song comes on,  until you've had a drink,  until you've sobered up,  until you die,  until you are born again  to decide that there is no better time than=20 right now to be happy=01(  Happiness is a journey, not a=20 destination. =20 -- Alfred D. Souza 
 I obviously didn't get up this morning to work-out...So I was wondering if you wanted to go for a run before Felicity tonight.  I should be home by 6:30 or 7:00.  Let me know. 
 I was remiss in excluding y'all from the original distribution.  Please=20 except my apologies. 
 Just found out from Minal that you guys are going to Osteria D'Aldo for your shower.  I hope you have a wonderful time but I have to warn you that the wine selection is extensive and the food is fantastic (although not very low-cal).  I know you're in the final stretch of the bet, however this just might be cause for a loss.  Bon Appetit! 
 Mike no longer writes actual tickets.  Confirms can find the information in the following location:  O:\_Dropbox\NYMEXDaysTrades\GDWest\BrokerTradeTickets\mmddyygdwest.xls  All of Mike's tickets deals can be found in this same location on a daily basis. 
 " To dream anything that you want to dream - that is the beauty of the human mind.  To do anything you want to do - that is the strength of the human will.  To trust yourself to test your limits - that is the courage to succeed."   " Embrace hard things and your mind will blossom."    "This is America ENRON. We can do anything here." -- Ted Turner   Sunil Dalal   "Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could; some blunders and absurdities have crept in; forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day; you shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense."  -Ralph Waldo Emerson   "To laugh often and much; to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children; to earn the appreciation of honest critics and endure the betrayal of false friends; to appreciate beauty, to find the best in others; to leave the world a little better; whether by a healthy child, a garden patch or a redeemed social condition; to know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is the meaning of success."   -Ralph Waldo Emerson 
 Let me know what you think. 
 Don't you mean no more. 
 Here's the answer to your question regarding 28.  The depth and complexity are overwhelming. 
 "For a long time it had seemed to me that life was about to begin - real=20 life. But there was always some obstacle in the way, something to be gotten through first, some unfinished= =20 business, time still to be served,=20 or a debt to be paid.  Then life would begin.  At last it dawned on me that= =20 these obstacles WERE my "life." =20 So, treasure every moment that you have...and remember that time waits for = no=20 one...  So stop waiting  until you finish school,  until you go back to school,  until you lose ten pounds,  until you gain ten pounds,  until you have kids,  until your kids leave the house= ,  until you start work,  until you retire,  until you get married,  until you get divorced,  until Friday night,  until Sunday morning,  until you get a new car or home= ,  until your car or home is paid o= ff,  until spring,  until summer,  until fall,  until winter,  until you are off welfare,  until the first or fifteenth= ,  until your song comes on,  until you've had a drink,  until you've sobered up,  until you die,  until you are born again  to decide that there is no better time than=20 right now to be happy=01(  Happiness is a journey, not a=20 destination. =20 -- Alfred D. Souza 
 "For a long time it had seemed to me that life was about to begin - real=20 life. But there was always some obstacle in the way, something to be gotten through first, some unfinished= =20 business, time still to be served,=20 or a debt to be paid.  Then life would begin.  At last it dawned on me that= =20 these obstacles WERE my "life." =20 So, treasure every moment that you have...and remember that time waits for = no=20 one...  So stop waiting  until you finish school,  until you go back to school,  until you lose ten pounds,  until you gain ten pounds,  until you have kids,  until your kids leave the house= ,  until you start work,  until you retire,  until you get married,  until you get divorced,  until Friday night,  until Sunday morning,  until you get a new car or home= ,  until your car or home is paid o= ff,  until spring,  until summer,  until fall,  until winter,  until you are off welfare,  until the first or fifteenth= ,  until your song comes on,  until you've had a drink,  until you've sobered up,  until you die,  until you are born again  to decide that there is no better time than=20 right now to be happy=01(  Happiness is a journey, not a=20 destination. =20 -- Alfred D. Souza 
 Sorry for the delayed response, I got really busy Friday afternoon and didn't check my email before I left. 
 I'm there. 
 I am planning to be out Friday, Oct. 27 and Monday, Oct. 30. 
 I love this one.  To be happy you must have taken the measure of your powers; tasted the fruits of your passion and learned your place in the world.  -- George Santayana 
 This was one of the emails I told you about. 
 Quite good.  They definitely provide a chuckle. 
 So Burton hits me with "I hear you drink like a fish.  Supposedly you were slamming them back last night."  When I asked where he garnered such information he told me "From our friend on 28."  I promptly sent the following message "Nice...so do you inform everyone you come in contact with that I drink like a fish?"  Result, no response to me but he called Burton to lambast him for ratting him out.  And the eternal question remains, if no longer interested why care so much? 
 Please include me on the volunteer e-mail list. 
 I literally had tears in my eyes reading this one.  It sounded like a possible Santamaria outing. Enron North America Corp. 
 That was amazing. 
 Not quite as enlightening as the last email, but much funnier. 
 Denise, a few weeks ago someone who is charge of computer stuff (in Omaha, I believe -- I cannot remember her name) called and we discussed replacing my 2 machines with a laptop.  Do you know who I am talking about?  I think I had you call her to give her info on my upstairs computer.  Anyhow, before we order anything it might be good to make sure she and Jeff Nguyen are on the same page about this.  Could you follow up on this?  Let me know if you have trouble getting in touch w/the right people.  Thanks. 
  - The Paradox of Our Time.doc - jschoene.vcf 
 Just wanted to share this thought with all of you.  - The Paradox of Our Time.doc - jschoene.vcf  It is because of nights like last night with company such as yours that I remain optimistic in the face of statements such as the one attached. 
 Sorry, I forgot to include you in the last email.  Hope to see you tonight. 
 Wilson, my most heartfelt apologies.  I failed to include you on the last email (huge oversite on my part). 
 Via a quick phone call to Little Woodrow's I was informed that the "steak dude" (as nstepha has coined him) cooks come rain, sleet, snow or shine. Thus, our evening out is on.  See everyone there around 7:30 p.m.  If you can't make it till later that's OK we'll save you a seat.  Besides, most of you would probably put good money down on my being there until closing. Cheers. 
 Barring weather issues, it would appear as though we are on for Little Woodrow's tonight.  I don't believe a definite time has been set as of yet, but seeing as how they ran out of steaks last week I suggest we get there as early as possible.  Should we be rained out an alternative location will be chosen. 
 With the exception of Sunil no one answered the original question (Do we want to go somewhere we can eat?).  Given that the three of you sit within inches of each other, I'm going to let y'all discuss the matter and get back to me. Anything's OK with me so just let me know what you come up with.   If you get stumped I'd be happy to offer some suggestions. 
 Is there actually a fun sushi place?  And do they have Ichiban beer? 
 Given that tonight's weather conditions may not permit dining alfresco, I was wondering if we should come up with an alternative plan.  I think the first order of business is whether or not we want to go some place we can eat or if everyone just wants to meet up post dinner.  Depending on everyone's preferences I have several suggestions.  Let me know your thoughts (regarding tonight). 
 Unfortunately I can't go to Austin next weekend; I've planned to go to L.A. to visit Sue.  I am bringing my new beau with me!  You will meet Craig at some point.  I think it's also safe to say you will like him much better than Bill. I'm tentatively planning to come to Austin the weekend of Nov. 11, but you know that is totally up to D.E. (Dreamy Eric). In the meantime, send Bug photos if possible! 
 The quote speaks to so many in such personal ways...Obviously you identified with it's message.  Although, I'm not sure about the Dalai Lama comment as he does believe in a power higher than himself.  As for myself...  I am still measuring my powers.  They seem to lie in such varied arenas that I never know what I will discover day-to-day.  As far as tasting the fruits of my passion, you know what they say...the first bite is the sweetest.  And I must say I look forward with great anticipation to sitting down at the table when the time is right.  My place in the world is a combination of one of the guys and the ever idealistic, eternal optimist (i.e. I see what is and yet still hold out hope for more). * I don't believe the sentiment in Return to Me was pure fiction.  Given all of this I am very happy. 
 First and foremost you are a father, then a husband and then a poet. 
 Please refrain from any snide or negative commentary regarding my efforts to gain a clearer perspective on life as they are sincere.  To be happy you must have taken the measure of your powers; tasted the fruits or your passion and learned your place in the world.  -- George Santayana 
 Mark,  Thanks for still including me in the distribution,  it makes me feel important.  However, as I have moved out of the controls group it probably isn't necessary to include me any longer. 
 I possesed many of the items featured in this email, but my favorite by far was the one featured in the final frame.  I was a super-hero in the universe other wise known as my backyard. 
 As you will note from the email address, my last name is Scott.  If that is not enough information to derive my number I will have to question the level of intelligence I had previously afforded you.  However, as I hate having my illusions shattered, I'll save myself from possible disappointment and just give you the number...ext. 31455. 
 The Word of the Day for April 7 is:=20  gadzookery =01=07 \gad-ZOO-kuh-ree\ =01=07 (noun)=20 : the use of archaisms (as in a historical novel)=20  Example sentence: "Get rid of the gadzookery," Bruce's editor cautioned. "Mirabella can perfectly well say 'please' instead of=20 'prithee.'"=20  Did you know? "Gadzooks . . . you astonish me!" cries Mr. Lenville in= =20 Charles Dickens' Nicholas Nickleby. We won't accuse Dickens of gadzookery ("the bane of historical fiction," as historic= al=20 novelist John Vernon called it in Newsday magazine), because we assume people actually said "gadzooks" back in the 1830s. That mild oath is an old-fashioned euphemism, so it is=20 thought, for "God's hooks" (a reference, supposedly, to the nails = of=20 the Crucifixion). But it's a fine line today's historical=20 novelist must toe, avoiding expressions like "zounds" and "pshaw" and= =20 "tush" ("tushery" is a synonym of the newer "gadzookery," which= =20 first cropped up in the 1950s), as well as "gadzooks," while at= =20 the same time rejecting modern expressions such as "okay" and "nice." 
 Please don't think less of me as a person, but this really made me laugh.   > I've got game....'Ole! > > > > Subject:      FW: The Joys of Marriage > >  <<cuddles>> >  - FARTINGI.AVI - RFC-822.TXT 
 THanks..I have no revisions. Enjoy the party!   MARTHA BENNER 12/08/2000 11:47 AM 
 Attached pursuant to TK Lohman's request is an electronic copy of Transwestern's October 17, 2000 FERC filing proposing a transport options program.  This copy does not include the tariff sheets as they are not available in electronic format.  If you would like to see the proposed tariff sheets, please let me know and I will be happy to fax them to you.  If you have questions or comments about transport options, please contact either TK or me.  Susan Scott 713-853-0596 
 Richard, you can remove my name from the distribution list as I have rotated to a new group and am no longer working in the controls group.  Thank you. 
 I think I had too much nectar last night. 
 Just wanted to let you know that the Richardson deal has been entered into TAGG.  The deal number is NE2760. 
 The Word of the Day for April 6 is:=20  ambrosia =01=07 \am-BRO-zhuh\ =01=07 (noun)=20 1 a : the food of the Greek and Roman gods b : the ointme= nt or perfume of the gods=20 *2 : something extremely pleasing to taste or smell=20 3 : a dessert made of oranges and shredded coconut=20  Example sentence: "We feasted that evening as on nectar and ambrosia; and n= ot the least delight of the entertainment was the smile of gratification with which our hostess regarded us, as we= =20 satisfied our famished appetites on the delicate fare she liberally supplied." (Charlotte Bronte, Jane Eyre)=20  Did you know? "Ambrosia" literally means "immortality" in Greek; it is = a derivative of the Greek word "ambrotos," meaning "immorta= l," which combines the prefix "a-" (meaning "not") with=20 "-mbrotos" (meaning "mortal"). In Greek and Roman mythology, only immortals -- gods and goddesses -- could eat ambrosia. Th= ose mythological gods and goddesses also drank "nectar," whic= h,=20 in its original sense, refers to the "drink of the gods."=20 (Even today, you'll often find the words "ambrosia" and "nectar" in ea= ch other's company.) While the "ambrosia" of the gods preven= ted death, we mere mortals use "ambrosia" in reference to thi= ngs that just taste or smell especially delicious. 
 Wilson, I treasure your NY attitude.  I think part of the reason you find so few hotties in Houston/Texas is that travel and exposure add such an intangible element to a person and very few Texas girls have experienced either.  I think everyone has a different definition of good, some more lenient some more stringent.  At least that has been my experience. 
 It occurred to me last night after you two had left that we never quantified what constitutes a "good" girl.  And, given that oversight I may have been remiss in stating that Wilson was not ready for said good girl.  Just as the opinion of women in Texas differed between you Yanks and the Texas boys at the table, I am inclined to believe that our definitions of a "good" girl may not be in line.   P.S. -- A person in their nineties is referred to as a nonagenarian.  (We really should have figured that one out last night.) 
 Chad, attached is the draft of the Measurement and Control Facilities Operating Agreement for Calpine's review.  As we discussed, because the exhibits are still being finalized, I have not included them in this draft. If you have any questions or comments, please do not hesitate to contact me.  Thank you.  Susan Scott Transwestern Pipeline Company (713) 853-0596 
 I am somewhat frightened that you would allow yourself to be referred to as MaximMan.  While I realize you are a fan of the magazine, professing so too loudly may hinder your efforts with the ladies (some of us do have a shread of dignity, which that periodical in particular attempts to tear away).  My advice is keep it in the closet or bathroom or where ever it comes in most "handy". 
 Are you experiencing some sort of split personality today?  Should I start referring to you as Ben or MaximMan depending on your responses? 
 "In an age when cloying, dumbed-down Internet "chat" threatens to reduce discourse to the linguistic equivalent of casual Fridays, men's-room vernacular is seeping alarmingly past its Pine Sol perimeter, infecting what is left of conversational civility.  Well-articulated sublimation--which has produced some damned fine (and sexy) art, music, and literature over the millennia--is no longer the default mode of expression.   That ageless Hot Boy, Michelangelo's David, could only have been produced through deft restraint.  But try telling that to some WWF instant Adonis with a protein-supplement habit."  --Gerri Hirshey 
 The Pub code has been changed to IF-ELPO/SJ.  Sorry for the mix-up. 
 The two new pub codes that need to be addded to TAGG are:  1.     GDP-WYOMING 2.     GDP-KERN/OPAL  Thanks. 
 You crack me up.  I was going to email you today and tell you about the Bruce Cockburn concert.  I am definitely interested.  Don't know what I'm doing this weekend, nothing scheduled as of yet so let's try and do something. Yes, I am interested in chipping in on a gift, just let me know what and how much.  I've heard that I-10 Chronicles CD is really good, I'll have to check it out.  Also, do you have Ray Wylie Hubbard's Crusades of the Restless Knights?  Every cut I hear from it on KPFT is so good.  Sorry so short with the email.  Even though they may be short I should be able to email throughout the day.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I just received word that I'm losing my garage apt. renter as of Nov. 30... If any of you know someone who is looking for a place, have them call me!! (I found my current renter through a friend and it has worked out great.) Here are the specifics:  2 bedroom/1 bath garage apartment in Houston Heights (Cortlandt St.). Hardwood floors,  lots of windows, new window A/C units, washer/dryer hookup, garage parking space.  Cats OK.  $650/month.  Available December 1.  Call 713-853-0596 (day) or 713-864-4960 (evening).  Thanks! 
 The scary thing is I don't think he was kidding.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Hey, just wondering how your weekend of golf went.  Wouldn't want to be accused of cutting off contact again.  P.S. -- I got a very interesting response from Plauche following the mass email...he is definitely a different chap. 
 You must have too much time on your hands.  The situation has been corrected. 
 You try and do something nice, keep people informed and involved and it just gets thrown back in your face.  That's okay though because, "I'm good enough, I'm smart enough and dog-gonnit people like me." 
 You're off. 
 Sorry I've been MIA this week...new job and all.  Thought you might get a kick out of this email.  It's from that guy that is 25 but looks about 40. And yet he resurfaces again (read the email at the bottom first then his).  Yes I will be attending the Taster's dinner this evening.  Look forward to seeing you there. 
 Aren't we a poor sport. 
 Ashley, here's an ad in Word format.  If Deron could post it at Hewitt, I would be most grateful! 
 Oh wait, I can't go to the ball game because I couldn't take a day off from work to stand in the Enron lobby (or send my secretary to do it for me).  For all of you who have managed to snag tickets for tonight's game congratulations and you suck.  For the rest of us stuck out in the cold I suggest the only viable alternative before us is to drown our sorrows in a cold bottle of beer (or two, or three...).  I realize the mass email has been MIA the last two weeks.  For some this may have been a welcomed relief.  For others there may have been some concern that they had been cut-off from the distribution.  At present no one has been removed from the distribution, but it is undergoing an audit.  Should it be determined that it is necessary to remove an individual from the list for any reason that individual will be notified and given an explanation.  If anyone would like to know the causes for expulsion you can write to:  I CAN'T BELIEVE ANYONE CARES IF THERE ON THIS DISTRIBUTION OR NOT BECAUSE THE ONLY PLACE WE SEEM TO GO IS WOODY'S EVERY THURSDAY BETWEEN 9:30 AND 10:00.  On that note, see you guys at Woody's tonight around 9:30 or 10:00. 
 You can take me off of the email distribution for FX exposures also.  Thanks. 
 Remember those previous discussions about relaxation?  You know me well enough to know that I am not easily offended, and in fact have thoroughly enjoyed the preceding banter.  Still, I do appreciate your remembering that I am a lady. (I have a bad habit of forgetting.) 
 Yes, it was. 
 It is impossible to imply something when it has already been voiced so openly and enthusiastically.  (Tobin, you should watch how quickly you respond.) 
 It was not meant as an implication, but rather a reiteration of mind-sets expressed to me on multiple occasions.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 The views expressed below are not those of Enron Corp. or any of it's subsidiaries. 
 Dart, you can take me off the email distribution list now that I've left the risk controls group.  Thanks. 
 Colleen, thank you so much for your very prompt attention to this.  I definitely had the wrong version of the agreement. Jeff confirmed by voice mail this morning that even though we already included the 5.4 language in the draft we sent him back in March, he does find it objectionable and will want to modify it, so he will be very interested in seeing your suggested language too.  Please send your attachment "CalpineO&M 10-18-00 edits to draft03-20-00".  Again, thank you so much for your help with this.  (Calpine has finally woken up and realized they want this in place Nov. 1...) I will let you know how negotiations are shaping up. 
 ...because I'm good enough, I'm smart enough and dog-gonnit people like me. 
 Okay, that was really good. 
 Jen, you have no idea how appropriate that email was for me this morning.  I spent much of this weekend thinking the exact same thing.  I'm pretty sure the Monte concert is on a Saturday night, but I'll have to double check on that.  I got to see Mr. Smith Goes to Washington this weekend on the big screen at the old River Oaks Theater, it was wonderful.  And, Emily, Katy and myself went to Tin Hall Saturday night to see Earl Thomas Connally.  We met the three cutest, nicest real cowboys there.  It renewed my faith in the opposite sex. 
 No wanting to incur the wrath of Jen for failing to keep you informed.  Monte Montgomery will be playing at The Fabulous Satellite Lounge May 6. Hopefully, we can make this one. 
 Supposedly my phone is going to be switched over the weekend so I should be back in the world of reachable individuals next week.  I'm glad you appreciated my observation rather than taking offence.  I was afraid after two weeks of silence I may have pissed you off somehow, in which case that last email would have probably been the final nail in the coffin.  As far as the new job goes it is looking very promising.  Turns out my trader went to college with my brother-in-law, sister, and brother so we have too many mutual connections for him to be mean or rude to me.  Even without the connections he seems like a pretty cool guy and is very supportive of my learning all I can about his book.  Hopefully, after I get the daily routine down he'll let me sit with him during the down times and watch him work.  You should definitely try and see the film Saturday and even if you can't pull yourself out of bed you should rent it, I really think you would enjoy/be inspired by it (at least I am every time I watch it).  I hope things are well with you although I am sensing some disenchantment.  If that is the case I can give you a few tips on how to overcome and once again appreciate your current position in life.  Believe me over the last two months I have had ample opportunity to do just that.  Just let me know if I can return the favour you once did for me.  Have fun at y'alls Happy Hour tonight.  P.S.  How was Canada?  I heard through the grapevine you went the other weekend. 
 Do you honestly think Tobin can be a substitute for you? 
 Main Entry: al?tru?ism Pronunciation: 'al-tru-"i-z&m Etymology: French altruisme, from autrui other people, from Old French, oblique case form of autre other, from Latin alter Date: 1853 1 : unselfish regard for or devotion to the welfare of others  We got to talking about you at lunch today.  Rudy mentioned that in effort to get your goat he often tells you your not being very altruistic towards him by consuming so much of his time requesting reports.  My understanding is that your typical response to this is "I am the most altruistic person."  I am sure you recognize the hypocrisy laden in this statement.  If a true altruist is unselfish then he would not care if his acts are recognized or not.  In fact, the true altruist hopes only that his acts benefit those to which they are directed.  We may have to downgrade you to "concerned individual".  But given your good-hearted and idealistic leanings I thought you would might like to know that the Landmark River Oaks Theatre is going to be showing Mr. Smith Goes to Washington Saturday and Sunday at 10:00 a.m.  If you haven't seen the film it's a black and white starring Jimmy Stewart as an idealistic, extremely unselfish young man who takes on the corrupt political machines of Washington, D.C. The film ranked 29th on AFI's (The American Film Institute) top 100 films of the Century list, and is tied for first place on the Sscott5 Greatest Films List..  FYI- Neither you nor Nick have been removed from the group email, I simply haven't sent one out in the past two weeks.  I will make sure you both receive my next brilliant composition.  I must say I was tempted to remove you given your complaints about receiving all of the follow-up commentary and a lack of appearances. 
 Chad -- Good to see you the other day.  Please give me a call when you return to your office.  I am embarrassed to say that I am not sure I have the right version of the Operating Agreement we sent you in March...if we can compare notes, I can make sure I get the correct one to you without further delay.  Thank you!  Susan Scott Transwestern Pipeline Company (713) 853-0596 
 Hugo, you can go ahead and remove me from the distribution list as I have moved out of the controls group.  Good luck with everything, it has been great working with you. 
 Jason, you can go ahead and remove my name from the email distribution list as I am no longer working in the controls group.  I've enjoyed working with you and will definitely pay you all a visit when I travel to London this fall.  Cheers. 
 Joel, you can remove my name from the distribution list as I am no longer working in the controls group.  I have moved over to gas trading and am supporting one of the traders.  It's been great working with you and I'll be sure to say hi when I visit London this fall.  Cheers. 
 Mythology    "The Ten Commandments of a Military Wife"  1.Thou shalt not write in ink in thy address book.  2.Thou shalt not covet choice assignments of other uniformed braches of service.  3.Love thy neighbor.  4. Honor thy Commissary and Exchange as long as they both shall live.  5.Thou shalt not ridicule a local politician, for mighty senators from local politicians grow.  6.Thou shall look for the best in every assignment, even though the best may be. "The most childhood diseases in one year," or "Record snow in one months time."  7. Thou shall remember all thy friends from all thy assignments, with greeting cards at Christmas, for thou never knowest when thou may wish to spendeth a night with them while enroute to a new post/base.  8.Be kind and gentle to retired, white-haired Exchange and Commissary customers, because thou too will be a retiree someday.  9.Thou shalt not curse thy husband when he's on TDY on moving day.  10.Thou must never arrive at a new post/base and constantly brag about how everything was much better at the last post/base.     Author Unknown      Shit: Through the eyes of the Military  *An Army grunt stands in the rain with a 35 pound pack on his back, 15 lb. weapon in hand, after having marched 12 miles, and says, "This is shit!"  *An Army Airborne Ranger stands in the rain with a 45 lb. pack on his back, weapon in hand, after having jumped from an airplane and marched 18 miles, and says with a smile, "This is good shit!"  *A Navy SEAL lies in the mud, 55 LB pack on his back, weapon in hand, after swimming 10 miles to shore, crawling through a swamp and marching 25 miles at night past the enemy positions, says with a grin, "This really is great shit."  *A Marine, up to his nose in the stinking, bug-infested mud of a swamp with a 65 LB pack on his back and a weapon in both hands after jumping from an aircraft at high altitude, into the ocean, swimming 12 miles to the shore, killing several alligators to enter the swamp, then crawling 30 miles through the brush to assault an enemy camp, says, "I love this shit."  *The Air Force NCO sits in an easy chair in an air conditioned, carpeted office and says, "My e-mail's out? What kind of shit is this?"   Mythology    The 5 Scariest Things in the Army!   1. A Private saying, "I learned this in basic training..." 2. A Sergeant saying, "Trust me, sir..." 3. A Second Lieutenant saying, "Based on my experience..." 4. A Captain saying, "I was just thinking..." 5. And a Warrant Officer chuckling, "Watch this $%!#..." 
 After reading that did you all of the sudden feel as though your body no longer contained any organs and instead there was just a giant pit where they all used to be?  I never in my life imagined the intense impact an email could have.  They appear so harmless at first glance with no character or personality to the font or page, but upon closer inspection they have the ability to send you soaring or plummet you to the darkest depths.  I really don't know what to say about the email.  If I didn't know what happened afterward I would have said it was very promising, but knowing what I know I must resort to my new tag line that guys in general are just confused.  I must say though that his quote was outstanding and if Ben and I had any semblance of normal communication between the two of us I would send it to him in a heartbeat.  But we don't so I'll just have to enjoy it solo.  I fear today will be a very boring day so feel free to keep up an email dialogue throughout the day. 
 In my never-ending quest to expand myself both culturally and socially I am proposing a fun-filled Friday night to those of you who I feel would appreciate it most, or at least have any interest what-so-ever.  This Friday at 6:30 p.m. Pavel Kogan will be performing with the Houston Symphony at Jones Hall.  All of the tickets for this show are being sold at a set price, which means that we can obtain center orchestra seats for only $25.00 a piece.  My idea for the night is as follows, attend what I'm sure will be an outstanding performance, grab a late bite to eat at one of several excellent restaurants downtown (Mia Bella and Osteria D'Aldo come to mind) and polish off the evening by gracing one of the many hot-spots found downtown (Jones Bar, Swank Lounge, Deans, Mercury Room, etc.) with our presence.  Bear in mind that my plan is completely open to suggestions from each and every one of you.  While I realize such an early show may interfere with some people's plans (workout routines, etc.) I am sure things could be rearranged for one evening.  Please email back and let me know if there is any interest in such an outing.  "And in the end it's not the years in your life that count.  It's the life in your years."  - - Abraham Lincoln 
 Southern Trails proposed, at an estimated cost of $155,000,000, a pipeline project consisting mostly of 693 miles of crude oil pipeline acquired from ARCO.  Ten percent of the project would be new construction and the remainder would be conversion of the crude oil line to gas service.  The pipeline system would be divided into an East Zone and a West Zone.  The East Zone, which will begin in the San Juan Basin and end at the California border, will have 87,500 Dth/d of available capacity.  The West Zone, wholly within California, will have 120,000 Dth/d.  Southern Trails received certificate authority for the project on July 28,2000.  An optional certificate application does not require any showing of market need; however, Southern Trails did hold an open season from Sept. to Oct. 1998 during which it received 22 bids totalling 810,000 Dth/d of demand.  The order issuing the certificate did not say how much of the capacity had been subscribed, only that Southern Trails had contracted with its affiliate, Questar Energy, for 30,000 Dth/d of firm capacity in theh East Zone for 5 years and one month, and taht firm transportation service agreements of 5 and 10 year terms are "being negotiated" with prospective shippers which, if executed, would subscribe the balance of the capacity in both the East and West zones.  TW is an intervenor in this docket so I have received everything that has been filed.  I have no further information about any further subscription of capacity.  I also have no information regarding any progress that has been made on construction. If you need a more detailed summary of the proposal that was filed at FERC, or if you have any other questions, please let me know and I'll see what I can find.  I've got the entire environmental report in my office if we need that for any reason! 
 FYI 
 Many of the customers have requested that we fax them the filing, so I am planning on providing them with courtesy copies. 
 FYI 
 Martha, I don't have any bullets but could you please send me last week's -- I think there are some old ones that need to be deleted.  Thanks.   MARTHA BENNER 12/07/2000 01:00 PM 
 Attached is the cover letter.  This version incorporates the changes we discussed over the phone on Friday, Stojic & Kelly's suggestions, and further revisions by Shelley.  (I've attached redlined and nonredlined versions.) Shelley and I might have a further revision or two with respect to footnote 9.  On Monday I'll be in meetings 9:30 - 10:30 and 2:00 - 4:00; otherwise I'll be at my desk.  Please fax me the final version of the tariff sheets when you have them (to 713-646-4095).  And, please call if there are any remaining questions.  Many thanks, Susan 
 That is correct, I returned comments to Accounting, not AA directly. I don't think I sent my comments to Drew, but I don't remember very clearly. 
 Here is the latest draft.  If you have any comments, please let me know. Thanks.  Susan Scott (713) 853-0596 
 Take a look at this and let me know if you have further comments. 
 The attached draft reflects revisions made pursuant to our discussions with FERC staff.  You will be receiving a hard copy of the tariff sheets separately.  Please make sure you read the "Waivers" section towards the end of the document as it contains some additional requests for waivers.  Also, there seems to be some confusion over whether we are going to post all options, not just Shipper call options.  My previous drafts have provided for posting of Shipper call options only.  All other types of options will be generally available, on a nondiscriminatory basis, through our tariff.  My thinking was that it is commercially impracticable to post the specifics of all types of options, and it's not necessary since options will be noted on our transaction reports required by Order 637.  Let me know what you think.  Let me know your comments as soon as possible.  I understand that the Commercial Group told Stan Horton this would be filed this week and Shelley reported at staff meeting on Monday that it would be filed this week or next week.  As soon as I get everyone's comments we can get this finalized.  Thank you. 
 Barbara, here is my draft of a rehearing request.  As I mentioned, our outside counsel is going to try to add a few sentences; I haven't heard back from them, but will send you the revised draft when I do.  I'd be happy to copy Jay Golub too; please send me his e-mail address.  In the meantime, let me know if you have any comments.  We plan to file on Monday, Oct. 16.  Thanks,  Susan 713-853-0596 
 Ted, see the attached; I've made a couple of changes. 
 I neglected to include some of Drew's comments in the version I sent you a few minutes ago...use this draft instead. 
 Take a look at the attached and let's talk tomorrow if at all possible.  I want us to have a consensus among ourselves on this draft before I circulate it more widely. 
 I think there was a problem when I tried to send this before...so here it comes again. 
 Are you still alive?  I'm just checking b/c I haven't heard a peep out of you in a while.  Drop me a line and let me know what's up. 
 If you're on the internet right now, I'm trying to call...our meeting was postponed. 
 When you get a chance, tell me again what your schedule is for the end of April through July.  I'm trying to figure when I can come visit and not pay too much on airfare, be able to stay a decent amount of time and not miss critical days at work.  I will definitely come over...just don't know if it'll will be when Katy does.  Sue 
 Just got the email myself...will definitely check it out.  Thanks 
 Theresa and Nicole,  Jay and I were wondering if it would be possible for you to make copies of all the existing transportation contracts for the Denver desk and Fed-Ex them to the Houston office.  Currently we do not have any of these contracts available to us here and feel it would be beneficial to have them on hand.  As you know, we are both trying to get up to speed on this book and all it's components and therefore it is important that we  understand all of the available options these contracts allow us.  Below is a list of the contracts we have broken out on a summary sheet:  -36169000 -36177000 -33084000 -33085000 -33038000 -31029000 -33171000 -33175000 -116388 -903145 -IT-601 -41066000 -41075000  If there are contracts missing from the above list, please include them in the packet as well.  Thanks for all the help, Susan x31455 
 Did you just add another ticket under my name or did you request three additional tickets?  As for dinner, I just emailed Katy and asked for her preference.  I think it'd be more pleasant/less hurried if we went afterwards...say 8:30ish, but before would work for me too.  I haven't talked to my Mom yet about the tickets, but I'll give her a call when things calm down a bit here.  Talk to you later, Sue 
 Earl,  Long time...no nothing.  How goes it?  Just wanted to drop you a line and see how the fam's doing.  Hope all is well.  We really need to grab a drink after work sometime or a late afternoon coffee and catch-up on each other's respective endeavours.  Talk to you soon, Susan 
 Hey,  Just wanted to make sure you're still up for the MFA reception tomorrow night.  I told Lisa about it last night and she said she'd like to go as well.  So...the reception is supposed to start at 7:00 and go until 9:00 and I figured we could either go to an early dinner, or cut out of the reception a little bit early and go to dinner afterward (say around 8:00 - 8:30).  Of course, dinner doesn't have to factor in at all if we don't want it to...just a suggestion.  I'll give you call later tonight to hammer out the details.  See ya, Susan 
 Hey,  Very jealous about the Canary Island trip...that sounds wonderful.  Take my advice though...use sunscreen!  I was really good about applying everywhere except for my lower back and the back of my thighs and I've paid the price.  Kind of looks like I was scolded with boiling water.  So I've got Lisa's wedding this weekend and my San Diego trip the next.  I'm taking Friday off this week so I can go to the Bridesmaid/House Party luncheon in San Antonio and we've got Good Friday off from work the next week so I'm looking at two four-day work weeks.  My how things have changed.  I think Katy and I are going to a corporate sponsors reception at the MFA tomorrow night and Lisa has expressed interest in going as well, but we'll see about that.  She's always enthusiastic in the beginning.  All in all things are pretty good.  Talk to you soon, Sue 
 Sunil,  I just checked my messages this morning....I didn't think people could leave messages anymore after I was put on a trading phone but low and behold they can.  If you ever want to get a hold of me in the future, the best bets are email and cell phone (713-775-6472).  I'd be happy to chat with you if you still need to.  Just let me know a time and place and I'm there.  Susan 
 that's okay...i'm used to it at this point  thanks 
 I believe this was intended for the Susan Scott with ETS...I'm with Nat Gas= Trading.  Thanks 
 I'm leaving shortly for the airport, but I will give you a call when I get back so we can discuss transport to SA. I am way too excited about this trip (many pics will be taken).  Susan  I completely agree about foregoing the Mucky Duck Tuesday...too cold and too rainy for me. 
 the Cayman Islands  We're leaving in about a 1/2 hour for the airport and I am extremely excited about the trip.  I will be sure to take lots of pictures and drink many fruity drinks.  Actually, I'm going scuba diving tomorrow and then we're taking a catamaran on Saturday out to some island (I will be taking full advantage of the sunning net for the trip out to the island).  Additionally, we've got first class dinners booked every night and I should be able to fit in a massage...I know, it's sick.  Also, I'm sure you noticed that I emailed Niclas about you so the door has been cracked open...Just a warning though, based on a Tuesday night conversation with Lisa I'm afraid our dear Mitch may be biting the dust soon.  We'll see though, she has become very flighty (okay, is flighty) when it comes to guys.  Sue 
 Hey Lisa,  Once again I am so impressed with your organizational skills when it comes to this wedding.  Just wanted to let you know that I will definitely be attending the luncheon on Friday and may even end up riding to SA with Jen (which always makes the drive that much more enjoyable).  As for the "Manicures and Pedicures for the Girls", I would like to put my order in for a Turkey Breast sandwich on white.  I can't wait till next weekend, it's going to be so much fun...can you believe it's almost here?  Love ya, Susan  PS - I've mailed the receipt for your nightie so you should get it by Saturday...sorry it took me so long. 
 Yup...I leave for the Caymans today.  Our flight out is at 1:45, so we'll probably be leaving the office around 11:45 this morning.  I am, understandably, very excited.  We will definitely talk more about Tuesday night either Sunday or Monday.  As for Civil War, I'll keep checking to see what the deal is with the tickets.  The going away party for Kenny should be really fun, I'm glad you're in the states and able to see him off properly.  Have a good weekend and I'll be sure to take lots of pictures.  See ya next week, Susan 
 Julie,  I don't know if I told you before, but I'm leaving tomorrow for a long weekend in the Caymans with my new group.  I can't tell you how much my life has changed in the last three weeks.  I'm getting out of the office no later than 6:30 everyday (and it's usually closer to 4:30-5:00) and I actually have time to do other things with my life.  I went to the symphony last week, am going to a reception at the MFA next week, joined a volunteer organization geared toward young professionals and am thinking about joining the church I've been going to the last couple of months.  All in all life has improved.  Still nothing new on the guy front, but I'm in no rush so it's not that big a deal.  I am so excited about my trip out to San Diego to see you.  I promise to be well rested and ready to shop, eat and go out....or just sit on the beach.  Like I said before, I'm up for anything.  Hope things are going well with you, the job and Brendan.  Drop me a line if you get a chance and let me know what's new in your life.  Talk to you soon, Susan 
 Civil War may be sold out...I'm checking on it. 
 Hi Jennifer,  Yes, that is correct.  I would like to contribute $25 in addition to the $50 membership fee.  Thanks for getting back to me and verifying the amounts.  Susan Scott 
 I was walking with the trader I work for when you called, so it was obviously a little difficult for me to discuss Vegas at the time.  If you get a hankering to talk in the morning you can try me on my cell phone ( midnight - 2 am isn't too late for me, which I think is between 6-8 am your time, right?).  I know this is obnoxious, but I can't talk to Lisa about this and I need a co-conspirator.  Sue 
 I called and left a message requesting two tickets for the reception...I will let you know if we get them.  I'll try and give you a call later today.  I'm not actually leaving until Thursday for the Caymans though, so if you're up for steak night etc. Wednesday night let me know.  It can't be a late night for packing reasons, but I'd like to do something.  Susan 
 You can take me off this distribution as I am no longer with risk.  Thanks, Susan 
 So transparent....I will pay you good money to hook-up with this guy.  Would get hours of enjoyment from such an event. 
 I'm just glad I'm going to be out of town for the next 3 weekends.  What pray tell will she do?  With no buffer there, will there be any reason for Mitch not to shack?  I'm curious to see how all of this plays out.  She keeps looking for signs to know whether Mitch is right or not...I told her it's pretty unlikely that anything's going to whack her over the head so she's just going to have to figure out for herself what she thinks of him.  She's got such a tough life.  Oh, my Mom was over Sunday and made some comment about Lisa always dating someone....she still denies.  Cracks me up.  Response is always,  "I've only had two serious boyfriends."  To which I've started to respond, "We'll I'm batting zero and have only one legitimate first date with a guy.  In relative terms, you are a dating phenomenon."  I definitely need this vacation, Sue 
 I believe this was intended for Susan Scott with ETS...I'm with Nat Gas trading.  Thanks 
 I know, I know.  It's still weird to me.  While I thought it was great that Lisa was holding back on the physical side of this relationship early on...I'm beginning to wonder if she really likes him, or just likes having someone to talk to who will cater to her.  I mean, I'm all for prudence when it comes to the physical side of relationships, but after a month of constant contact and interaction I would have to question the fact I didn't feel compelled to completely jump the guy.  That's not to say I would, but I'd still have to question the lack of desire to do so.  I just don't get the impression that she is that attracted to him.  Seems more like "good buddy" to me.  I think she misses the Matt's, Alan's, Thatcher's, etc. that she got that from in the past.  On the plus sides, he is a very happy person who loves to smile and is pleasant to be around.  I just get squeamish watching people cuddle so much.  I'm having flashbacks to sharing a room with Jen when Craigers was in the picture.  It's not a pleasant memory, trust me.  I do think it's weird that Lisa never wants me to leave their presence...they both questioned me when I took off to bed last night around 9:30...I just wanted out.  Sue 
 Hey Katy,  I was just curious if you had any interest in attending the reception below.  Sounds like it might be interesting to me.  Drop me a line and let me know if it sounds like fun and I'll go ahead and get a couple of tickets.  Talk to you soon, Susan   2001 Museum of Fine Arts, Houston Corporate Partners Spring Reception, April 3!  Be a part of the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston 2001 Corporate Partners Spring Reception on Tuesday, April 3 at Law building of the MFA.  Enjoy great food donated by ARIES Restaurant and The Redwood Grill, free drinks, cool art, and good friends.  To attend or with questions call (713) 639-7585. 
 Sorry I never got back to you last night...I ended up going to grab dinner.  I'm still up for this evening if you are.  The "show" starts at 8:00 and I think it's about a $10.00 cover.  Either shoot me an email or I'll give you a call a little later this afternoon.  I don't think I have you work number anymore though, so if you wouldn't mind giving that to me again that would be great.  See ya later, Susan 
 He was over again last night.  Please explain to me why you would invite your "man" over to your apartment when you have a roommate and he lives alone.  I simply do not understand.  I took full advantage of the fact Ted lived alone...we never hung out at my apartment.  Where's the fun in that?  I just think it's weird.  Talk to you later, Sue 
 Thanks Shannon...I appreciate all the help you've given me over the last year and would be happy to return the favor in the future if there's anything you need.  Good luck to you as well in your own endeavors.  Susan 
 I will definitely think about it...I would just feel bad though missing the event since I talked to Barrett (Deborah's fiancee) all about the big day at Lisa and Brad's wedding.  What may be an option is me taking part or all of Monday off and just heading to Austin Sunday and coming back Monday...I'll talk to my trader about the possibility. 
 Hi Shannon,  Could you be sure to remove my name from the distribution and replace it with George Huan...he has taken over my roll running the options book.  Thanks, Susan 
 Best Product Placement:  Taking corporate sponsorship to absurdly intimate levels, Pepsi spokesdiva Britney Spears wore a tiny medallion with the soft-drink company's logo in her bellybutton ring during her much hyped commercial. Although, considering the amount of money the company has sunk into her, it may have been a homing device. 
 Starts at eight....would love to go, at least for a while.  I'll give you a call later to discuss. 
 FYI:  Trish Murphy is playing at the Mucky Duck tomorrow night....thought you might be interested.  Drop me a line.  Sue 
 I have to be in S.A. on the 6th for Lisa's bridesmaid's luncheon...So I was thinking, what if I came up to Austin Thursday night and we made a trip to the Saxon Pub.  Just a thought.  If you have exams, papers, etc. that will be consuming you that week disregard the suggestion, but if not it could be fun.  Hope you're having a good day and that you finished your Note to your satisfaction.  Susan 
 Have to agree with your assessment.  And, I promise she will try like the d= ickens to do stuff with Niklaus (sp?) maybe at the expense of doing things = with you.  Mitch is the guy she's been seeing for about a month now.  He ca= me over last night to watch the Oscar's with us.  Me in a wing-back and Lis= a and Mitch holding hands, rubbing arms etc., on the couch.  This is the se= cond time I can recall since being in the apartment with her that I've had = to witness the "cuddle fest."  Not to mention the "cuddle fest" we all witn= essed with Chad at Europa.  Maybe if she does come over you could be the li= ttle red devil on her shoulder encouraging her to hook up with Nik...force = her to make some sort of decision about all these guys.  She's in heat righ= t now I swear.  Every 5 sec. there's some new guy she thinks is hot.  The g= uy serving us at Jason's Deli might be the next victim.  She's totally out = of control.  I must say I loved the way she casually suggested the Nik prob= ably wasn't your type anyway...covering all the bases.  It's really pitiful= you know...I'm just glad we will never have the same taste in men.  Did I = mention that Laura White's fiancee asked Laura what was going on with Mitch= and I at Kenneally's b/c I was spending more time with him than Lisa (she = was of course performing the role of social butterfly).  Like I said, it's = pitiful.  In actuality, I think I'm the only one of her "friends" that have= met Mitch and think he's all right  I'm pretty sure everyone else has told= her they think she can do better.  I beg to differ, knowing Lisa a little = better than them (i.e. the many faces of eve) and would argue instead that = he's a pretty good catch for her...caves eventually but not perceived (at l= east by her) as a complete push-over.  Perfect combo for our Ms. Gillette.  Can you believe my parents?  They were only in San Diego for all of 12 hrs = and took a roll of film...what dorks.  Sue  I'll work on the trip thing...the timing sounds good to me. 
 I am destined to be a dork....it's in the genes. 
 looks like the curve was marked around 9.0625 for jun/sept...but you'll have to talk to keith holst to get an absolute price 
 George,  You'll be taking the May'01 Options out of the file today (Monday) and adjusting the P&L to reflect the May option value.  Stop by if you have any questions.  Susan 
 I believe this message was intended for the other Susan Scott.  I'm with Nat Gas trading.  Thank you. 
 I've got Deborah Vest's wedding next weekend so that's a no go, but I was thinking about coming up the weekend of the 12th so maybe that will work.  I would actually love to skip out on the wedding...however, since the wedding's in Houston and I live here, I don't have a very good excuse do I?  And don't worry...we could wait two years and I'd still want to chat about Vegas.  One of those things you'll never really forget.  I'm sure I sounded funny and I was definitely tired, but in now way were either of these bad things.  Sue 
 Sure....I probably won't be able to come by until after lunch though.  Susan 
 Here you go.... 
 If you pull the Curves up under Pub Names you should be able to tell if the have any Omicrons attached to them on the Erms side...if the do, then you have to talk to Nilay Basu to make sure they are mapped on the Germs side...if they don't, then you'll have to attach an omicron and then speak with Nilay.  I can swing by later if you'd like me to explain in a little more detail.  Susan 
 i'll stop by while making my rounds this afternoon.  and, you'll have to get someone else to tell the stories...i don't remember much of friday night and, as a result, susan had a "come to Jesus" meeting with herself this weekend.  may be the last of the truly good stories involving me for a while. 
 no problem...i've been good, just busy with the new job.  all of the sudden i actually have time to do things so i spent the last weekend just trying to get my life re-organized.  not a very exciting weekend, but extremely necessary.  what's up with you? 
 I believe this was intended for the other Susan Scott...I'm with Nat Gas trading.  Thanks 
 Ditto 
 yes, that time works fine for me...i was wondering what happened to you.  i had emailed you after you left the message in houston and never heard another peep out of you.  hope things are going well and i'll talk to you around 3ish. 
 This is for the other Susan Scott....I sit on 32.  Thanks 
 No problem...it makes me feel important. 
 Hey girls...I hate this, but I may be out Thursday.  Please still let me know where you guys are going to be and if anything changes I'll meet you there.  Otherwise, have a great time and to both Lisa and Jen, I need to see you guys and hear all about the honeymoon and the proposal           ( both are very good things and I love good things ).  Sue 
 Hey Julie,  I just wanted to check up on you and see how the trip to New York went.  Las Vegas was way too much fun...so much so it's quite possible I did permanent damage.  I managed to stay in town this weekend though and catch up on some much needed sleep and organizing.  Hope everything's good with you and I'll talk to you soon.  Susan 
 Any chance either or both of you could get together this week for coffee, dinner, ice cream, etc.?  Also, are you all going to Deborah's wedding?  Talk to you soon, Sue 
 Adriane,  Thank you so much for helping me out Friday night.  Just one of those things....you think you're doing great and the next thing you know you feel like you've slammed into a brick wall at 100 mph.  I have now barred myself from any sort of contest with Bass (they always turn ugly) and have instituted a personal limit for myself.  Hopefully, I'll find the maturity that was missing during our gathering at Teala's and will be able to stick to the new limit.  Thanks again, Susan 
 Again...you've got the wrong Susan Scott.  You might try sscott3@enron.com.= ..that's the address I use to forward things to her and it seems to be work= ing.  Thanks 
 yeah...i should be.  talk to you then. 
 Hey Paul,  Jay's already left for the day so you'll probably have to get with him first thing tomorrow morning to get his bid.  I'll be sure to let him know about the deal if he calls to check in today or first thing tomorrow morning if I don't talk to him before then.  Thanks, Susan 
 yes 
 Hey Em,  Hope the parental visit is going well and that you haven't lost your mind yet.  I just wanted to drop you a line to share with you my latest little upset (aside from getting physically ill at Teala's Friday night...it was ugly).  Nick emailed yesterday and said he wanted to call and catch up.  When he finally did call I knew within the first minute why he felt the need to call, the engagement is OFF.  They evidently decided to postpone about two weeks ago and the final blow came Friday night.  To top everything off, he's moving back to Houston in three weeks...ughh.  Obviously, given my last conversation with him in London, I'm a little concerned.  Oh well, who wants a non-stressful existence anyway.  Ta for now, Sue 
 Finally met Ashley Mace's man Saturday...ran into them at the cd store.  He's seems nice, but not at all what I would've expected and/or pictured.  It was strange to finally have a face to put with the image I'd conjured up.  Ciao 
 I would definitely be up for tonight and a walk sounds great.  I just need to swing by the grocery store and the dry cleaners after work, so 6'ish is probably best for me.  Let me know if that works for you and also where you'd like to meet/walk.  Lisa, if there's a good place around your duplex I'd love to come see it and show you the pictures I took from your wedding...there's a great one of you and Brad dancing at the reception.  Anyway, drop me a line and we'll figure out when and where to meet.  Sue 
 Okay, so I'd really like to make a trip up there this weekend ( I haven't spent a weekend in Houston during April and can't imagine why I wouldn't just make the month a clean sweep).  Anyway, I know you're unbelievably busy right now and spending an entire weekend with me would not help you in the least...So, here's my suggestion:  I could either come up Friday night and we could do a late dinner (say 8:30-9:00 ) and then find someplace to hang out for a while or just rent a movie.  On Saturday we could get up, work out, grab something for brunch/lunch and maybe even go to Barton Springs (depending on the weather) and then I could take off and leave you the rest of Saturday and all of Sunday to work (we could even skip the Barton Springs piece).  The other option is to just shift everything a day forward...I'd come up on Saturday and leave Sunday.  Either give me a call or email me if either of these sound good to you.  I will also completely understand if you just really need to work/study this weekend.  Sue  PS - I'm dying for someone to chat with about Vegas...can't really talk to my roommate since it was work related. 
 Would love to get together again sometime, but I'll think I'll let someone else take over as far as the shot contests go...I was the champ - though ultimately of what I'm not sure.  Frightening as it is I felt fine on Saturday, however from what I've heard that wasn't exactly the case with Bass.  Thanks again, Susan  (You'll probably be receiving words of gratitude from me for a while to come) 
 Caycie,  That's great.  I look forward to the day.  By the way, are you coming in town this weekend for Deborah's wedding?  Sue 
 you're not slow at all....you just have to figure out which region they're in and ask the appropriate trader which gas daily volatility they'd like to use.  Congrats on "the move"...O'Neal told me the good news. 
 They should if they are dealing with transport, gas daily options,  etc. which are effected by the omicrons.  I would typically go to the leads of the respective regions, tell them which curves are unmapped and let them decide what omicron curve to use ( a lot of times they just asked the trader in charge of that point which curve to use).  If the leads don't know what the omicron curves are the company's in trouble! 
 Lupe,  I found a couple of checks that were for expense reimbursements.  They are past the 90 day period.  What can I do to have these checks reissued?  Thanks, Susan Scott x31455 
 This is the engineer you wanted me to give a shot...  Let's bear in mind our initial meeting was before Christmas and I've never agreed to meet him....yet he still persist. 
 I can only hope I'm not the only one he's showering with attention... 
 Hey guys,  Thought I'd drop you a line and catch up on life.  If I'm not mistaken you're actually in Australia right now doing all kinds of fun and active things, so you probably won't get this for a few days.  I can't tell you how glad I am that you've had a chance to take advantage of all the travel possibilities on that side of the world ( and not just a little jealous).  I think all of these experiences are going to leave you with some incredible memories of your time in South Korea.  As for myself, this weekend will mark only the second in the last month and a half or so that I will be spending in Houston.  I figured by now I'd be traveled out but I can't get enough.  The Caymans were incredible...we ate at great restaurants (not Bed unfortunately, but I did see it), got to go scuba diving off the east end and swam with a slew of stingrays.  Actually, I was holding onto/bonding with one of the stingrays, just floating with the current, for about 5 minutes until I had to gently shove it off and swim back into safe proximity of the boat.  It was a completely surreal experience.  Plus, the trip solidified my appreciation and fondness for the new job, and more specifically the new co-workers, which is never a bad thing.  Speaking of the new job, things are going well.  I still have a ton to learn but I have a feeling that will be the case for a long time to come.  There is just an overwhelming amount of information, not to mention strategies and nuances to learn about gas trading as a whole and in particular the western region of the US.  I've been actively trading for well over a month now and am getting to know all the players in my market as well as gaining confidence with each additional trade.  So far so good though...I'm definitely glad I made the choice to stay in Houston and take on this role.  I had a pledge sister's wedding in San Antonio a few weeks ago, which was fun, and another "sister's" wedding this weekend here in Houston.  I tell you, it's out-of-control with all of my friend's weddings & engagements.  Two weekends ago I got hit with 3, yes you heard correctly 3, new engagements of close friends.  I am very rapidly becoming out-numbered on this front.  Still, the only thing that crosses my mind each time I hear of a new one, aside from being thrilled for the happy couple of course, is that I am a ways off from such an endeavor myself.  I just have the feeling I've got a lot of changing to do in the next year or two (or more) and am not sure that what I'd want now is what I'll want then.  Okay, change of subject...getting to deep.  Two weekends ago I went with a few of the traders from the desk to Las Vegas.  We went to meet some of our power traders from Portland to discuss west energy issues and to try and squeeze in a little fun.  Fortunately or unfortunately, depending on how you look at it, I think we managed to squeeze in more than a little fun.  I think my earliest arrival back at the hotel room that weekend was around 6:30 am.  I don't know if it's the oxygen they constantly pump into the clubs and casinos or the steady flow of free drinks, but you really do lose all track of time there.  I feel certain any duration longer that a weekend would either kill me or force me to take another vacation just to recover.  I managed to walk away only $40 bucks in the hole so all in all I was feeling pretty good.  What the future holds? - I'm planning a trip to London in early June to visit Emily and then she comes back to Houston for about a month, so I'm really looking forward to that.  And, I'm still trying to figure out when I'm going to come visit you guys...I was thinking August, given your trip to Hawaii in July and my trip to London in June, so let me know your thoughts.  September is also an option if that works better for you.  I think I'll try to take 6 or 7 work days off so that we could travel while I'm over there if we wanted to and so we'd have two weekends.  Anyway, it's obviously still in the incubation phase.  Hope the trip was a rousing success and I'll talk to you soon, Sue 
 my new cell # is 713-775-6472 
 I'm sure she knows you're CC'd her on the email...she wants you to witness the flirtation.  She told me about the exchange last night and was wondering how he got your email address.  I told her I sent it to him.  She said, "I didn't think you knew his last name?"  To which I responded, "I didn't , but I called you and got it remember...I thought I told you I was emailing him to give him Emily's email address.  I'd promised him at Kenneally's that  I'd send it when I got the chance."  Lisa was none to pleased with me...she wants you to have nothing to do with him, but I told her she has to share the wealth and quite being such a boy hog.  I promised her we'd find her a new boy toy closer to home.  Speaking of which, she and Mitch had the "let's just be friends talk" last week ( which I think was the right move ).  Glad you got some good sleep last night, but we need to chat when you get the chance (and not while I'm at work), so give me a call on the cell phone sometime.  Nothing bad, just a good little story.  Sue 
 I'd love to indulge you all with a repeat performance but I fear alas my liver would go on strike, and from what I understand the liver is a fairly vital organ...my stomach already expressed it's frustration with my behavior last Friday.  Despite all of this I still look forward to engaging in engrossing AND coherent conversation with those of you who decide to show tonight.  Susan  By the way, do we have a particular time in mind? 
 I'm sure you don't want me to remind you in detail of your own birthday experience?  Europa, the shrubs across the street?...and it wasn't 2 hours, more like an hour to an hour and a half.  Besides, I think Bass spent a little more time than myself praying to the porcelain god (at least I had the good sense to just pass out when I got home). 
 oh, it's on! 
 Alright guys, you have to know we're kidding.  I don't think either of us are going to be wagging that war again any time soon.  Bass isn't even going to be there. 
 why the heck am I getting all the crap on this one....I'm not the one who came back to the table with puke on myself. 
 Hey,  Just remembered that Cory Morrow is playing at the Firehouse Friday night and Owen Temple is going to be at the Mucky Duck.  If you have any interest in doing something Friday let me know.  Maybe we could grab dinner and go see one of these guys play.  I figure you'll be shopping and jaunting around town all day Saturday with Mom, and Sunday is Mother's day...so Friday seems like the best day to get together.  Either email me when you get a chance or just give me a call sometime this week and let me know if any of this sounds good to you.  Susan 
 Sorry I didn't return your call last week.  I actually didn't check my voice mail until Friday after work and thus saw little point in calling back as you were probably in some remote area of pristine, scenic beauty by that time.  Hope the camping trip was a rousing success and allowed you to reconnect with your old friends and old self.  I am in desperate need of natural beauty and negligible pollution but have alas been trapped in Houston the past couple of weekends.  I see a road trip in the not too distant future for myself, if only to get a way for a while.  Susan 
 Okay, you asked for it....  The mind I love must have wild places, a tangled orchard where dark damsons drop in the heavy grass, an overgrown little wood, the chance of a snake or two, a pool that nobody's fathomed the depth of, and paths threaded with flowers planted by the mind. - - - Katherine Mansfield  I absolutely love this quote.  It manages to state, significantly more eloquently than myself, my own personal mantra of the last few years...I want to be pleasantly surprised.  Which is ultimately why I don't see it within my power in the near future to settle.  Maybe years down the road when desperation has set in I'll break down and throw myself at some sub-par individual, but let's hope it never gets to that point or if it does that I'm bordering on senile and just don't know any better.  Anyway, I'm so glad we got to spend so much time together at Deborah's wedding and I love hanging out with you Mom and Becka (sp?)...they crack me up.  If there's anything I can do to assist you with this wedding, let me know...even if you just need someone to run errands with or support your ideas.  I'd love to get together sometime this week for a drink, coffee, dinner, or whatever if you have any free time.  Maybe Lisa would be available as well?  Talk to you soon, Sue 
 Em,  Glad you had such a good time...sounds like Norm may have even had a little bit of fun?  Anyway, must agree on the ex-fianc? front ( I am understandably nervous about said individual's return to Houston ).  Have to agree on the German beer/food front as well.  I loved everything about that country while I was there, especially the people.  They were all so jolly and round.  Talk to you soon, Sue  Had another pledge sister's wedding this weekend, Deborah Vest, and it was beautiful of course.  Happened to run into Doug George, a.k.a Big Ken, and he said to say, "hello".  He's living in Austin these days and is planning on going to grad school in a year and a half or so (though hasn't applied yet).  He said he saw T.L. recently in Dallas and Taylor has gained about 40 lbs, gone off his rocker, and is dating a girl who used to have purple hair...all sufficiently disturbing news.  Anyway, maybe we'll be able to get in touch with Doug if we end up going to Austin while you're in town. 
 airfareplanet.com supposedly has flights around $545 at the end of the month...may be worth checking out.  I keep trying to msngr you at lisaenron and it say you're not available.  Are you not signed in or do I have the wrong address? 
 Congrats!....Lisa told me the good news last night.  Can't wait for the big= day, I know you guys will be very happy together.   =20 
 are you using AOL or MSN msngr? 
 Don't know what you think, but Duncan Sheik is playing at the Mucky Duck tomorrow night...Thurs could work for me too, we'll see. 
 What do I need to do to get the VCR fixed....I NEED to rent movies!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 No problem...I'll give you a buzz if they show up at my desk. 
 please call...will be leaving in about 15-20 mins. so disregard phone message and call around 11:40 your time. 
 I believe this was intended for the other Susan Scott...I'm with Nat Gas trading.  Thanks 
 I think it's supposed to start around 8:30 and the tickets are either $10 or $15...any interest? 
 I don't know about the seating.  Do you have NCL tonight?  I can't remember if it's Monday or Tuesday.  Anyway, if we got there early enough, say 7:30 or 8:00, I bet we could find somewhere to sit.  Is that something you'd be able to do? 
 Duncan comes on at 8:30 and the tickets are $15. 
 I had some appetizers the other day at the MFA that were provided by Aries and they were very good.  Definitely wouldn't mind trying that place. 
 Not for me.... 
 I'm probably heading out of here in a few minutes, so call me on my cell phone.  Katy said she was up for going tonight too!!!  I think she's going to come over to my apartment around 7 or so.  Talk to you soon, Sue 
 I just checked some of the air fare sights and there are flights available for around what I paid for mine....not sure what i'm going to do regarding the roomie...really will have to tell her soon.  I'll be thinking.  Let me know if you come up with anything. 
 Drop me a line and let me know when you think you'll be getting in on Friday.  Also, did you have any interest in doing something Friday or Saturday night? 
 Sorry I was in such a funk last night, I'm not really sure why but I assume it will pass soon.  Anyway, got an email from Emily this morning and she said another trip should be planned to go over in Sept/Oct when the airfares are dirt cheap.  I'm guessing I'll probably be up for going again by that time if you don't mind waiting that long.  My guess is we could get tickets for somewhere around $350 or $400.  I think I found a flight for June (probably the 5th - 12th), but I'm going to end up spending somewhere around $600.  Let me know what you think.  Sue 
 see 
 eventually...may go to the museum after work, but it closes at 7:00 so won't be back any later than 7:30 or so. 
 nothing...just want to reflect 
 British Airways...IAH to London Gatwick...coucil travel youth fare 
 As usual Alan, I am left somewhat disturbed by your words...and by the way,= do you ever return phone calls?  As for the rest of you guys, I anxiously = await our impending reunion in Cap City.  Glad to hear everyone seems to be= doing okay, with the exception of Emily who appears to be suffering from a= severe case of spring fever.  Jon Jon, went to an Astros game a couple wee= ks ago and saw your name on the scoreboard...it made me feel special.  The = trader I work with, who was there with me, is a huge baseball fan and upon = hearing I went to school with you has insisted upon checking your stats reg= ularly...seems you're not doing to shabby.  Congrats.  Life for me is prett= y good, although I'm in desperate need of a deep, drunken conversation rega= rding life and all it's complexities (I expect everyone to contribute to sa= id discussion when we convene).  I'm sure I'm not the only one, but things = just seem to be getting less certain the older I get.  Don't want to get to= heavy now...so I'll saw the really bleak stuff for Austin.  Ciao, Sue 
 Hi DeShonda,  I had emailed a week or two ago in regards to the new parking and haven't h= eard anything back yet.  Could you drop me a line at your earliest convenie= nce and let me know if it will be possible for me to obtain a space.  Thanks, Susan M. Scott X31455 
 Either option sounds good to me.  Just send an email with the time and place when you guys figure it out and I'll be there. 
 Still working on it...have to talk about the apartment and leases tonight.  Talk about bad news bears! 
 I may cruise over to this place later with my work friend Monique...would you have any interest in going?  Regardless, I'd still like to get together for dinner or a drink after work.  Drop me a line and let me know if you're still up for doing something. Sue Dan Electro's Guitar Bar The bluesy music at this six-string bar has drawn celebrities and scenesters for years.  Bar/Club Profile The Scene The bar's large courtyard, canopied entirely by trees, makes outdoor conversation pleasant even on Houston's sultry summer nights.  The Sound Patrons ("real nice folks") can settle in among the guitars with $2 draft beers and enjoy an eclectic sampling of music, from blues to alternative country, rock to folk.  Electro-fying Blues Thursday night's blues jam has been going on for more than 10 years and shows no signs of letting up, especially since it draws the likes of Greg Allman and Richard Gere. If you're really lucky, you might even catch Jim, the owner, wailing away onstage on one of his own Danelectro guitars. Melanie Haupt 
 looks like the festivities start around 9:30 or so...which is probably when I'll get there.  I will of course have the cell phone in tow if you just want to call after your dinner.  maybe tonight will actually work and we can get a much needed live music fix. 
 Well, I think I managed to adequately disturb her yesterday.  Not only did I go to the Menil collection by myself (can you imagine?)...I also went to berryhill and ate dinner solo.  When I got back to the apartment she said I should've called and she would've met me for eats.  My immediate response, "Actually, I needed some solo time."  Subject closed.  As for the lease, brought up the subject and it went pretty much no where.  Discovered we could sign a year lease and if she decides to up and go I can move into a one bedroom if I give the complex 30 days notice...which is what I'm figuring we'll end up doing.  I also told her that I got my airplane ticket through council travel on British Airways leaving the 5th and returning the 12th (via email yesterday) and she didn't mention it last night.  Who knows?  I'm not going to mention it anymore, it's up to her.  And ditto on the witty repartee. 
 Going to hear some live music tonight at Dan Electro's Blues Jam in the Heights...excited to try something different.  However, I am ditching Kates, Lis, and Laura J. so mums the word.  Just don't feel like having a dinner filled with cotton candy chat. 
 I think this was intended for the other Susan Scott.  Thanks 
 Yes...except I'm sure it will take six more months before they have all of the information changed in the system. 
 Hey there,  Just wanted to check and see what your plan is for this weekend.  Shoot me an email if you get the chance and let me know when you're going to be driving into Houston.  Talk to you soon, Sue 
 that sounds good...don't push yourself to do too much, you need to take it as easy as you can until all of your internships start this summer because you know they're going to be tiring.  plus, you'll be busy introducing me to all of the cute single guys you'll be working with...talk about exhausting!  i'll either chat with you tonight or tomorrow and we can figure out what, if anything, we want to do.  personally, just going a having a good meal coupled with good conversation sounds great to me - nothing big. 
 Perfect....Katy also just called to let me know that John Conalee is playing at the Tin Hall tomorrow night, so that of course is another option. 
 Vegas trip was pretty interesting.  Give me a call tonight if you get a chance.  Try the cell phone any time after 4:30 (Houston time) - (713) 775-6472.  If I'd spent any longer  than three days in that town I'd be dead right now.  I think the earliest I made it back to my room was around 6:45 am. 
 There's a song both you and Mary are currently playing with the following lyrics..."and now I know for the first time too, all of the ways I've been lying to you.  It's not that I don't think we can't open up in time, it's just that I'm afraid of what we'll find."  Could you enlighten me as to the artist's name?  I keep forgetting to write it down.  Thanks, Susan Scott 
 I am genuinely flattered that you are asking for my reading recommendations= (not to mention being associated in any way, shape or form with Sam - How = is Sam by the way?)  Truth be told, however, of late much of my reading mat= erial has been natural gas related and although the industry is riveting, I= 'm not sure that is exactly the kind of entertainment you had in mind.  How= ever, I did read a book a few months ago that you might find rather interes= ting.  The title is The Professor and the Madman : A Tale of Murder, Insani= ty, and the Making of the Oxford English Dictionary.  I know it may sound a= little dry at first glance, but I actually found it extremely interesting.= If you go to Amazon.com there are reviews on all of the books I've includ= ed here.  There are also a couple of other books I'm in the process of read= ing right now:  Galileo's Daughter : A Historical Memoir of Science, Faith,= and Love and Eleanor of Aquitaine : A Life.  The Galileo book is a little = slow to start, but has tons of interesting historical references, as does E= leanor of Aquitaine.  If I remember correctly, you always had a bit of a fo= ndness for history.  I also read Memoirs of a Geisha last fall and couldn't= put it down, although I have talked to others who didn't find it as enjoya= ble.  Personally, I was completely intrigued by the time period and uniquen= ess of Eastern culture, and the author was meticulous when it came to resea= rch for the book. Hope this helps you out a bit.  As for the "Peacers" comment...Definitely t= hink we are tested, but I think the tests are there to force us to recogniz= e our own strength and endurance.  Contrary to God not knowing anything abo= ut us, I'm convinced he knows everything about us and has the unique abilit= y to know when we've lost sight of our talents, character and/or zest for l= ife.  It is at these moments life seems to hand us the upsets right?  But, = in dealing with the upsets we come to a better understanding of who we are = and what we have to offer the world (or on a much smaller scale, what we ha= ve to offer the people around us for whom we care the most).  Sorry, I know= I'm getting excessively deep, but I've been doing a heck of a lot of think= ing lately - and much of it at church.=20 Disappointed you won't be able to join the gang in Austin over the fourth, = but we'll be sure to raise our glasses in a toast to you.  And, I'll keep l= ooking for you name on the Enron Field scoreboard. Later, Susan 
 was just about to write the check...i'll save it for you! 
 trying to call right now...are you surfing? 
 yo 
 Well...I would certainly be up for a little travel.  The following locations looked interesting to me.  Biarritz, Dinard, Carcassone, Perpignan, St. Etienne or Nimes in France.  Cork, Kerry, Shannon, or Knock in Ireland.  Brussels in Belgium.  Turin, Pisa, Trieste, Venice, Pescara in Italy.  And....Alghero.  However, I'm going home tonight to look in my guide book at all of these places so I'll send you another revised email tomorrow.  Get back to me when you can and let me know if you have any strong opinions one way or the other.  Obviously, I'm pretty flexible.  Sue 
 Hey Paul,  I'm so glad you emailed.  My parents were just asking me what you were up to this past Sunday...now I'll have something to report to them.  It's good to hear that things are going so well for you and I must say I'm a tad envious you're getting to do so many things you've always wanted to this summer (I'm still trying to figure out exactly what those things are).  We will most certainly have to get together next week while you're in town.  I may be going to Austin for part of the long weekend, but I doubt I'll go before Saturday so Thursday and Friday are definite possibilities.  Happy to hear about your brother and Josh's impending marriages and can't wait to find out what school will next be graced with the presence of Paul Thomas.  Talk to you soon, Susan  Work  (713) 853-1455 Home (713) 622-2788 Cell    (713) 775-6472  PS- Alan, you'll have to come out with us now....no more hiding. 
 Hey,  Good to hear from you.  Can't say I have too much scoop on Reliant.  Although, I do know a couple of people who work and have worked there and I'd be happy to put you into contact with them if you'd like.  I'd love to get together while you're in town.  Tomorrow night's probably best for me so either give me a call at work or on my cell phone when you get a chance.  Ciao, Sue  Work (713) 853-1455 Cell   (713) 775-6472 
 I've got an opinion now...I think we should fly into Brescia (Italy).  We could fly in and cab it to Brenzone.  It's on one of those amazing lakes in northern Italy (Lago di Garda).  You can go to Gardaworld.com and then just click on photo gallery and Brenzone to see what it looks like...absolutely amazing.  It would be a fantastic trip in my opinion - Lots of great wine.  Plus, you can be the exchange rate from Pounds or Dollars to Lire. 
 Give me a call whenever you get in... 
 I know, I know....she booked the flight right after we all got off the phon= e.  The final blow, her ticket was about $30 bucks less than mine (Continen= tal is evil).  Oh and by the way, I think she may be on your flight back to= H-town on the 12th...maybe you can switch your seats to be next to each ot= her!  Regardless, still think it's going to be fun and the economics defini= tely improve with more people.  She does want to visit with some of the Enr= on people so get ready for a cat fight over precious little niklaus.  I fig= ure at least one of the days she's gonna want to see work people so we'll j= ust get some market shopping in then (and don't forget we'll have to escape= to discuss my last escapade).  Anyway, like I said...still thinks it's goi= ng to be a good trip.  Let me know what you think about the Italy trip afte= r you have a chance to look...Lisa and I have both been to Salzburg, but I = don't think either of are opposed to going back.  The town is adorable and = there are scenic vistas, not to mention sausage and beer.  Ciao, Sue 
 Didn't you know....I hold the title of Ms. Cheyenne. 
 TXsscott5 
 Paul,  Got your message last night and since both nights work for Lisa and myself we figured we'd leave the decision up to the more finicky Alan.  So Alan, it's all up to you...will it be Thursday or Friday?  If you're looking for a preference from Lisa or myself I think we would both be leaning more towards Thursday.  So just shoot us all back an email and let us know when.  Can't wait to catch up with you Paul.  See ya this week, Susan 
 Paul,  I got the message you left yesterday about the 5,000 of Watkins gas from Patina.  I will be sure to pass that along to Jay et al.  Susan 
 Hope the presentation was a rousing success.  For future reference I would highly recommend calling me on my cell phone (713-775-6472) instead of the apartment phone.  Lisa ALWAYS answers that phone...in fact, she usually doesn't even give me a chance if she's there (who on earth would be calling me?).  We'll keep working on the "trip".  I'm sure something wonderful will come up and it will be a fantastic endeavor.  Sue 
 Trading'em up old chap....Jay was out Friday, yesterday and is still out today so the eastern rockies are all under my command.  It's been a bit on the chaotic side the last two days so I've really just been trying to maintain sanity.  As always, it is a pleasure to hear from you and I would love to gather sometime and flex the brain muscle on something other than bid/offer and spreads.  Ciao, Susan 
 Ok folks...Thursday it is.  My only questions are:  Do we want to do dinner? And if so, what time?  If no dinner then we can just pick someplace relatively low key to hang out and chat...Sorry Paul, no downtown clubbing for you.  Susan 
 no plans...where were you last night? 
 Try hard... 
 Haven't decided yet, although I'd like to do dinner...any suggestions? 
 thanks...if you don't mind creating the NC deal that would be great....either that or fax the details over and we'll do it here. 
 thanks...do you remember what the deal is with WR Gathering?  Are the deals with England and EJW over at the end of May? 
 that could work...they do have food and it's not horribly crowded on Thursdays. 
 Ok kids...Lisa has made the excellent suggestion of Black Lab for food and drinks tomorrow.  So how does 6:00-6:30 sound to everyone?  I think this link will take you to the appropriate map...if it doesn't work just go to Houstoncitysearch.com and look up Black Lab...it will take you to a map.  http://houston.citysearch.com/map?mode=geo&lat=297360&lon=-953912&id=9842495&fid=2  See you then, Susan 
 1. What time is it? 10:22 AM 2. Name that appears on your birth certificate? Susan Margaret Scott 3. Nicknames: Sue, Susie, Susie Q, Subaru, SueBob, the Booz (brother-in-law) 4. Parent's names: Chuck & Sally 5. Number of candles that appeared on your last cake:can't remember 6. Date that you regularly blow them out: January 31 (usually Super Bowl weekend) 7. Pets: Dog- Bailey (at my parents house) 8. Height:5'4" 9. Eye Color: blue 10. Piercing: just one in each ear... 11. Hair color: blonde 12.Tattoos: none...and there never will be any 13. How much do you love your job?  A heck of a lot more than my last one...of course, any time you go from 16-18 hour days to 8 hour days it's got to be a good thing 14. Hometown: Houston 15. Current Residence: Houston 16. Have you been in love? never... 17. Currently in love? see above 18. Favorite thing about email? keeping in touch with friends and relatives who've moved away and getting hold of the people in Houston I never seem to be able to track down any other way (Jen, you know who you are) 19. Ever been toilet papered?: yes 20. Loved somebody so much that it made you cry? I've certainly cried, but I think it was hurt pride rather than love 21. Been in a car crash? yes, rear ended a suburban when I was sixteen...crushed the front of my car, his bumper had a little scratch (those cars are invincible) 22. Croutons or Bacon Bits? BOTH, I'm with Jen on this one 23. 2 doors or 4? 4 24. Coffee or Ice-Cream? Why not both? 25. Blanket or stuffed animal? stuffed animal - always bears, since I can remember 26. Best Color: blue...almost every shade 27. Salad Dressing: Used to be Ranch, but I've developed a new found zeal for Blue Cheese 28. Socks Color? White athletic sox...only when working out.  Or, black socks w/ boots in the winter 29. Book you are reading or hope to read?  Eleanor of Aquitaine, How Good Do We Have to Be? (Harold Kushner...It's wonderful), Catch-22 (seen the movie, always wanted to read the book) 30. Favorite Movies: Although I LOVE Pride & Prejudice (the BBC version!) I'm gonna have to go with "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" and "Roman Holiday".  Absolute classics and extremely moving. 31. Favorite Foods: Mexican Food is a must and I have a new addiction to sushi...don't forget a good steak Song Playing at the Moment: no music at work right now either...but, depending on the mood we get everything around here Metalica, Johhny Cash, Poison, you name it. 33.Toothpaste: Crest 34. Restaurants: Kirby Lane (Austin), Berryhill (Houston) 35. Flower: Lilies 36. Least Favorite Food: liver...I know it's the easy answer, but I've tried it and DID NOT like it. 37. Favorite Sports to Watch:  Live - Texas Football On TV - tennis, basketball and football 38. Fast Food Restaurant: McDonald's 39. When was your last hospital visit:  3 yrs. ago when my nephew, Mack, was born 40. Favorite Drink? Frosty cold glass of Milk (at least 2%) or a nice glass of red wine...unfortunately, I usually go for the latter. 41. What color is your bedroom carpet? beige 42. How many times did you fail your Permit and or Driver's Test? zero 43. Where do you see yourself in 10 years? No idea...and that's the most exciting part. 44. Who is the last person that you got email from before opening this one? Cindy Richarson the organizer for Enron's running club 45. Have you ever been convicted of a crime? no 46. Which single store could you max out your credit card? It max out faster at Saks, but I'd have more fun digging for bargains at Saks Off Fifth 47. What do you do most often when you are bored? watch TV or read magazines 48. What words or phrases do you often hear overused?  On the trading floor.."sh#*, fu&@, etc., etc." 49. Friend who lives farthest away? Emily Hillegeist in London and my brother and sister-in-law in South Korea 50. Most annoying thing: Overuse of sex in advertising (Prime example, the Uncle Ben's rice ads...completely unnecessary. I mean come on, it's rice.  How sexy can you make rice? 51. Best things in the world? Have to again agree with Jen here...God's grace, my family and new experiences.  And, I'd also have to go with great friends and the ability to continually surprise one's self. 52. Bedtime: Used to be midnight but I've been better the last few weeks so now it's between 10:00 and 11:00 53. Who will respond to this fastest? I'm gonna have to go with Meador. 54. Who is the person that you sent this to that is least likely to respond? Emily...she's a busy girl. 55. What time is it now? 10:55 AM     _________________________________________________________________ Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com 
 I actually do know that girl...helped recruit her a year or so ago.  She always seemed nice to me and normal, but I'll ask around and see what I turn up.  Yes, I am still coming over there.  I get into London on the 6th of June and fly out on the 12th.  Please let me know if you're going to be in town during that time.  I really want to try and get together while I'm there.  I may be going elsewhere the 6th thru the 9th (my friend, Emily, wants to take a little trip somewhere) but I will definitely be in town Saturday night through Monday...let me know.  I was very excited to hear about Caycie too.  Susan 
 So are you in ? 
 Hey Corey,  I'm thinking about driving to Austin this weekend to see Kathy & Travis's new house as well as the two of them and the kids.  Just wanted to see what you were going to be up to and if you might want to get together.  I know you still have to work at the Law Review, but I figure you won't be there 24 hrs. a day...course I could be wrong.  Talk to you soon, Sue 
 Vegas baby!!!!!!!!!!!  I can't wait...our flight arrives around 6:00 and then we head back Sunday morning.  It's a "work" trip.  Will do on pitching the 12th to the gang.  Sue 
 Think I may head up to Austin Sat-Sun but I'll be probably be here Sunday night and will definitely be here Monday....Did you know Luke Olsen is playing at Blanco's tonight?  What are you doing this weekend?  Sue 
 My bad...it's not Luke.  I just called and I think they said the Hollisters.  Anyway, the Radney Foster gig is extremely tempting but I really need to see my sister and the kids...depending on what Corey has to say though, I may just go to Austin Sunday and Monday.  We'll see.  Give me a buzz or drop a line if you want to get together.  Sue 
 Matty already left work, but I'll be sure to pass the message along. 
 I'll work on the jaunt and will do on the limeade's....talk to you tomorrow. 
 Wow...I must say this was the last thing I expected you to be emailing me about.  I'll try and give you a call after work ( around 4:30 or so ) if you want to talk about it some more, just let me know.  I do think it's good that you guys are at least talking about all this stuff regardless of what you decide is the right for both of you.  Sorry to hear about Jay...that is horrible.  What brings on shingles anyway?  I thought it has something to do with stress, but I could be totally off.  Glad you like the CD...I've been listening to it non-stop.  I'm totally empowered after "I'm Alright" and then plunge into super-reflective mode with "Wildest Dreams".  Get on the Kim Richey web site and read the lyrics and you'll understand why.  By the way, she's playing at Stubb's on June 14th and in Houston at The Fabulous Satellite Lounge on the 16th....food for thought.  As for my call, there was some news...he contacted me around 10 am or so and we chatted throughout the day.  I'll tell you more about it when I call, but you're only going to be a bigger fan.  That of course is the problem I'm having.  Talk to you soon, Sue 
 The price should be Inside Ferc Monthly Index....the deal has been changed in the system. 
 Hi George  You will want to liquidate the June Exotic Options today (using the valuation spreadsheet- Basis Pipe Options 2001.xls) as well as update the Option P&L file to account for the June Exotic option's value you calculate.  You will actually roll-over the Options P&L tomorrow, after you finalize the 31st's P&L (the final P&L file will include any Prior Month Adjustments as well as broker fees).  You will update the Basis Pipe Options 2001.xls when the actual published indexes come out...so that will most likely be Monday.  At that point you can send the file to Beatrice Reyna in it's final version.  If you have any other questions just come by and get me and we'll go over them.  Susan 
 Hi Ivonne,  I opened up new bank accounts recently and need to set up direct deposit for my pay checks and expense reports.  Could you let me know what all I need to do to have this set up?  I have already filled out the form available on eHRonline.com.  If you could either email me with the instructions or call at ext. 31455 I would appreciate it.  Thanks, Susan 
 Hey there,  Bummer about next weekend, although I'm not even positive I'm going so the frustration may be for naught.  As far as the wedding thing goes, thanks for the offer but I wouldn't worry about it.  I think I have a wedding in Houston that weekend anyway.  I'll talk to Jen about coming up the weekend of the 12th so maybe Jessica, Jen, you, me & my friend Corey could all get together.  I've been needing a good Austin fix.  The trip to San Diego was awesome.  We ended up blowing off most of the plans we made so we could just hang out at the beach, drink wine, and eat cheese and crackers (oh yeah, and watch the sun set).  I did find time to go to a spa and get a bodyscrub/massage which was amazing.  I'm off again this weekend so I have to go through the whole packing routine again tonight..augh!  Hope things are well with you and I'll say high to Lisa and Jen for you tonight.  Sue 
 Thanks 
 what is it exactly you need help with...maybe i can answer your questions via email. 
 I've never run that file since it was split out, but my guess is you need to add any prior month adjustments and broker fees to today's file.  Tomorrow you will want to roll the file over to the new month...Errol should be able to help you with that.  Make sure you also follow the Liquidation instructions for the gas daily post-id's...you can find them on that color coded sheet George has.  Swing by if you need anything else.  Susan 
 Just called...they're going to put it on our door tonight.  We just have to sign it and stick it in the night drop. 
 You guys have fun...sadly i'll be out due to a broker dinner.  I'll be sure to catch the next one. 
 Way to go...very excited for you.  You will HAVE to let me Monday know how things went. 
 http://moneycentral.msn.com/articles/retire/style/5345.asp?special=msn 
 Yes....but we're going to have to pay a late fee. 
 haven't tried...will do so now...i am on msngr as well (AOL, MSN, Yahoo!...take your pick) 
 sscott5_2000...i think 
 I'll see you guys there. 
 "....also, some annoying requests- katy forgot all the minutemade frozen limeade she'd promised to bring for our Eagles marg party, and the jerky from dad - suspiciously, she remembered my pocket-sized neosporin tube......but anyways, it would be FABULOUS if you and lisa could each cart over 3-4 tubes of the limeade wrapped in plastic (carry-on....obviously could be ugly in non-pressurized cabin in suitcase!) doesn't matter if thaws, but will need approx 7-10 tubes for the festivities, plus, dad has that great turkey jerky from NB to send along...."  Fear not, I have the turkey jerky.  Address...118 Portland Road (the postcode is W11 and the tube stop is Holland Park)  Phone #...011 44 2072 43 1926 (this is with the country code so I'm not sure exactly what you dial in London, I 							know you have to knock off the 011 and possibly the 44)  If you end up taking the tube you'll walk out of the tube station and take an immediate left.  Walk roughly two blocks and then take another right onto Portland Road.  There will be a pizza place right on the corner.  You'll walk all the way down Portland road until it looks like the road ends in a cul-de-sac.  The roads actually continues on the other side of a little bricked area with benches (a place called Janie's Wine Bar will be on your immediate left).  Emily's flat is in the row of flats to your right and the number is on the door (which if I remember correctly is blue).  See you there, Sue 
 My mom told me about Tootsie when we got home...I am so sorry.  I know how much those dogs mean to you...as do most Londoners based on the picture arsenal.  Anyway, I'm sure the funk will last for a while, but eventually you'll start to feel better.  Just take the long weekend to relax and recoup from the news (and doctor prodding)...we'll grab a margarita next week sometime.  Sue 
 Okay...I'm an idiot...I forgot to bring your email address with me to London (it's saved in my contacts list at work) and I can't check my work email from outside locations...augh!  Yet again, I fail.  However, I had such a good time visiting I think I'm going to try to make a quick trip back over this fall when the air fares are a little cheaper.  That way, I could see you and Jessica and Clay.  I will stick your phone number in my physical address book and be a better visitor next go-round.  Sorry again for the oversight.  Also, the next trip I make will most likely be solo (my roommate in Houston came with me this time) so it will be significantly easier for me to maneuver.  Talk to you soon, Susan  Any luck on the roommate front?  Do you still want me to talk to Millie? 
 Cindy,  Sorry no response from me, I've been out of the country.  Being a novice, I forgot to look at the clock exactly when I crossed.  I know it was 30 mins and some odd seconds, so my best guess is 30.10 minutes  Hope this helps.  Susan Scott x31455 
 See...I told you you were invited.  I think I must have dropped the invitation or something.  Let me know what you think.  I'd been planning on going to the Kim Richey concert Sat night at the Fab Satellite Lounge (along with Corey, Doug, and yourself if you were interested).  Honestly think I'd rather go to the concert, but I would feel somewhat guilty.  What are your thoughts? 
 So did you make it in today?  Hope you're feeling better.  Wasn't sure last night if you were or weren't interested in the concert Sat. night.  Let me know because if we decide to go I'm going to buy the tickets today.  Also, Boone called about 11:45 last night to berate you for not returning phone calls or emails.  The message is on the answering machine if you want to call the apartment and listen to it (be forewarned, there is a lot of rambling).  Sue 
 Hey Corey,  Was wondering if you and Doug still had any interest in the Concert Sat. night.  Drop me a line and let me know if you want to go ahead and buy tickets (they're $15 a piece).  The box office opens at 8:00 and doors open at 9:00, but the last time I went there there was a line to get in by 8:45...I would recommend showing up around 8:15 or so to make sure you get a seat inside.  Still trying to figure out how guilty I'd feel missing this bachelorette party...  Sue 
 None as of yet...so are you just going to let the party people know tomorrow or what?...I figured from your last email you were a lock.  As for myself, I'm still  waiting to hear back from Corey about the concert, so I don't know what I'm doing yet either.  I would love to go to dinner with the crew and then transition to the concert but I don't think the times exactly work out.  Anything in the hopper for this evening? 
 Had a bit of an encounter with Ted last night.  Turns out it wasn't as bad = as I thought it was based upon the email below.  Start from the bottom and = work your way up.  FYI he's kidding about the MD (managing director) and Go= d comments. 
 Lisa....FYI:  you already sent this email to everyone (at 10:48). 
 I think some relaxation time is definitely in order for you...so don't worry about tomorrow.  If you're in we can just try and buy tickets there, and if you're out I'll go to the bachelorette party...easy peasy.  Considering you start this whole ride over again on Monday, I would totally understand you wanting to bail out. Whatever you decide PLEASE do not worry about me...I am the epitome of flexible these days. 
 back to reality with a vengeance, sometimes reality is no fun...I think the weekend in NB will prove beneficial for you as well so enjoy.  I'm guessing I'll end up at the party despite wanting to go to that concert at the Fabulous Satellite Lounge (I hate having a conscience!)  .  no contact with the guy...although i think he went home mid-week for a friend's wedding...regardless, though it may not sound like it, i haven't been too focused on the situation.  on a another "playing with fire" note, went and grabbed a couple pints wednesday with dutch (the old boss) and ended up eating dinner with him as well.  he paid (although he tricked me into letting him, said he was charging it to the company so i'd put my money away...needless to say he didn't expense it).  we've always been friends so i guess one outing doesn't hurt, but any future encounters may have to include others for safety reasons.  i'll see you when you get home. 
 Hi Mrs. Barker,  Sorry it's taken me so long to respond regarding the party Saturday (Lisa and I only got back into town a couple days ago from visiting Emily in London).  I had actually already purchased concert tickets for Saturday night, but am currently seeing if I can find anyone willing to buy them from me.  If I am successful in pawning these things off I will be present and accounted for to help Kelly and the gang celebrate.  I will be sure to take your number home with me and give you a call tomorrow to let you know my status either way.  Thanks again for everything, Susan 
 Hey Sarah,=20  Nice to hear from you.  I know you just talked to Lisa the other day so I g= ot a little more detailed update from her.  I'm sure she told you about our= trip over to London...we had a really good time which included me spending= a small fortune.  Oh well, money's meant to be spent, right?  Anyway, soun= ds like you've got some really exciting activities to look forward to over = the next 6 mos to a year.  Can't wait to hear all about the baby when it ar= rives (the first in the family is always exciting) and I know you and Mike = are going to have the best time jaunting around Europe.  I wish I was plann= ing the same kind of trip right now.  As for your future beyond that, have = you been to Seattle before?  I'm taking a long weekend there with a friend = from work and would love to hear more about things to do if you have any ad= vice.  Otherwise, I'll be sure to let you know what I found on my own visit= .  Hope things continue to go well for you and we'll have to get together w= hen you come back to Texas...  Sue 
 Hey gang,  I think I'm in for tomorrow...so barring a snafu, I'll see y'all at the hotel.  Sue 
 Look'n sharp Mr. Scott....G.I. Joe eat your heart out!!!! 
 I'm assuming this was meant for you... 
 katyhester@hotmail.com 
 Like I said...I'm in.  What time is "right after work" for everyone? 
 http://www.apbenergy.com/  Okay...so here's the link.  Once you get to the sight, click on About APB and then Just for Fun.  Once you're on the Just for Fun page click on Derby 2001 and go to the last picture on the first row.  You can read the names from there.  Hope the first day at the new office is going well.  Give me a call sometime and let me know what the scoop is regarding Wednesday and the baseball game.  I'm anxious to hear if you talked to Leslie again after the cryptic phone call on Saturday.  Sue  btw....not only no contact, but not said individual's not even logging into messenger...I think this where people tend to say "stick a fork in it." 
 Hey friend,  I just got your card yesterday in the mail and am so thrilled that you've asked me to be a part of your wedding.  I will try and give you a call later on today or tonight to talk in person, but I wanted to let you know ASAP that I will gladly participate in any way possible in the pre-wedding and wedding day activities.  This really is such an exciting time in your life and I look forward to all of the festivities.  Love, Sue  PS - Trish Murphy is playing tomorrow night at the Mucky Duck if you have any interest. 
 Just got your email...I'll take a look at it after morning trading.  It does sound like it would be fun.  What happened to you last night?  I was starting to get worried about you.  Also, we have one of our Taster's dinners Thursday night and both Katy and I are planning on going.  Any interest? 
 So if I can get tickets (actual seats...not standing room only) are you game for tonight?  The concert starts about 8:30 so I figure we would try to get there early enough to get decent seats and possibly eat.  Let me know.  Sue  Sorry no call last night...I passed out cold when I got home.  Also, I'm dying to hear about the Jonatha Brooks concert.  I had planned on going, but a high school friend's bachelorette party conflicted.  I was really wanting to see Kim Richey...I'm wearing a hole in my CD. 
 so you can only buy tickets at the Mucky Duck...I may go by right after work to try and get them...Do you want me to just call you on your cell phone and let you know if we've got actual seats? 
 me too! 
 Diane,  I am no longer the book admin handling the trader referenced by the deal below.  I have taken the liberty of forwarding this email to the individual now running the book in question.  Let me know if there is anything else I can do.  Thanks, Susan Scott x31455  Sean,  The deal which needs to be changed is highlighted and bolded in red below.  Susan 
 Have you dropped off the face of the earth?  Give me a call or email. 
 Oh boo-hoo...cry me a river.  Sorry I missed Tuesday, but I went to listen to live music with a friend from UT.  How are things going with you?  I had a great time in London and came back with some Cubans for Dad and a 1920's platinum and diamond watch for myself...can't wait for you to see it.  Give me a call sometime, would like to hear what's new in your life.  Susan 
 What's up with tonight?  The Tasters dinner is at 7:00 at some restaurant called Fire and Ice.  Shot me an email or call when you get a chance and let me know the plan.  Sue 
 The email was titled "nothing bad..." so you wouldn't immediately trash it = for fear I was dispensing some more of Susan's homespun wisdom.  I know you= can't get enough of that stuff.  As for the revenue generation, I've heard= what a boon the Ag group has been to EGM.  From what I understand you guys= are carrying the rest of that company on your backs...keep up the good wor= k!  And yes, the world you live in does revolve around you Ted, it's just t= hat no one else lives in that world besides you so it stands to reason that= would be the case.  Your welcome for the email.  I really am happy for you= that things seem to be going well and that you appear to be enjoying what = you're doing (I haven't heard any of the "when I grow up I want to be a ...= .." comments out of you in a while, a sure sign of contentment and maturity= - okay burgeoning maturity).  In regards to trading, I am absolutely lovin= g it.  I've been on EOL for a little over a month now (although my trades g= o into one of the other trader's books for the time being...I should get my= own in a couple months) and am really enjoying the new life/perks this job= allows.  Case in point, took my Mom to see Hakeem's last game with the Roc= kets on one of the brokers (center court seats...she was thrilled) and am o= ff to Vegas this weekend to "meet" with some of the power traders from Port= land.  So much for the 16-18 hour days I was dealing with for a year or so = there...given present circumstances it was all worth it.  No need to "let me of the hook" for my candor last night, I meant everythin= g I said and I wanted you to hear those things.  In a quest to be an oh so = witty smart-ass, sometimes I forget to just tell people what I think/feel..= .always catches up to me in hind-sight and if the opportunity presents itse= lf for me to rectify that then I don't believe in passing it up.  Contrary = to what you may think, I'm a big girl who thinks for herself and always act= s on her own volition.  And I think I either mumbled last night or your hea= ring is starting to go in your old age, but I said "clod" not "god"...subtl= e but important difference.  Shorty  - You missed an impressive dancing display at Sierra's last night...I think= I may have frightened some people. 
 Tell me more about Cara!!!!! 
 yes...but i haven't heard the updates post date. 
 Hey,  I may swing by the Tasters dinner just to say, "Hi" to everyone and then meet you at the Forest Club.  What do you think of that?  Also, Katy and I may go to Blanco's later if you and Leslie have any interest.  So I've decided I will have to crash some of your happy hours and try to meet some decent boys.  I'm sick of these crappy ones.  Sue 
 Hey Matt,  Just thought I'd let you know that I'm thinking about heading to New Braunfels tonight to see Emily.  We were wondering if you might want to get together tonight...we've missed you terribly.  You can shoot me and email back or just call Emily at the river house (830 -964-2494) or me on my cell phone after 4:00 (713-775-6472).  Sue 
 i'm taking off right now.  just talked to em and her parents are coming up tonight to stay for the weekend and work on the house.  call me on my cell phone, i'll have it turned on at 3:30. 
 yes...but i've decided my hormones are about the equivalent of a 16 yr. old boy's.  we left about 20 mins after you guys and i drove him to his car.  he asked if i minded him calling to ask me out wednesday or thursday of this week as he is going out of town this weekend  (he said he'd tried earlier this year...to which i responded "yes, and failed miserably")  ...we'll see.  he is a cutie though.  i don't know if you'll ever have a chance to look at the picture of you know who, but physically bryan puts him to shame.  Sue 
 Thanks Theresa.  Do you know if Paul did a deal with EJW for July?  Also, do you know why the PSCO deal with Petrogulf is in the system as 265 on the supply side?  I thought the deal was for 360 w/ a 10% swing capability.  Susan 
 Couple other things Theresa...Do we have Sinclair numbers for July? And, are the Thermo numbers in Sitara good?  Thanks 
 you are the greatest...thanks 
 Ours is:  3805 W. Alabama # 3308 Houston, TX 77027  My parents is:  10802 Jaycreek Houston, Tx 77070  Glad I got to see you this weekend!  Sue 
 Next week sounds good to me too.  If everyone wants to meet at Ale house for a drink today why don't we try right after work.  Susan had a very big night last night and needs to be in bed early tonight as a result.  I can't wait to hear about the honeymoon either!!!! 
 Theresa,  You're gonna kill me, but I left all my T-account notes at home this morning.  Can you shoot me the FUGG breakdown again?  Thanks, Susan 
 i'll give you a call in a few 
 done 
    Date:	6/20/01  7:41 AM  RE:	Fwd: Fw: Warning - alcohol    Alcohol warnings.... > > Due to increasing products liability litigation, American beer Brewers > have accepted the FDA's suggestion that the following warning labels be > placed immediately on all beer containers: > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may leave you wondering what the > hell happened to your bra. (Apparently this has happened to several > people?!) > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may make you think you are > whispering when you are not. > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol is a major factor in dancing like a > retard. > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may cause you to tell your friends > over and over again that you love them. > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may cause you to think you can sing. > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may lead you to believe that > ex-lovers are really dying for you to telephone them at four in the > morning. > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may make you think you can logically > converse with other members of the opposite sex without spitting. > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may make you think you have mystical > Kung Fu powers, resulting in you getting your butt kicked. > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may cause you to roll over in the > morning and see something really scary (whose species and/or name you > can't remember). > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol is the leading cause of inexplicable > rug burns on the forehead. > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may create the illusion that you > are tougher, smarter, faster and better looking than most people. > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may lead you to believe you are > invisible. > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may lead you to think people are > laughing WITH you. > > WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may cause a disturbance in the > time-space continuum, whereby small (and sometimes large) gaps of time > may seem to literally disappear. >> 
 if you get this give me a call on my cell phone....it's 5:15 right now 
 I'm so sorry I've hurt you Boone...never my intention.  I had no idea you were so fragile, you hide it well.  Life at Enron is good but things have been pretty busy the last couple weeks.  I went to New Braunfels last Friday to visit one of Lisa and my friends (actually it's the girl we visited in London) and then had a wedding to go to Saturday night.  No big plans for the 4th as of yet.  I'm still trying to figure out where I'm going to be...could be Houston, Austin or Georgetown.  I know, I know...I'm such a jet-setter.  How about yourself?  Planning another famous Boone BBQ.  Cooking commences at 3:00 am, right?  Hope you're having a nice day. 
 I believe this was intended for the other Susan Scott...I'm with Nat Gas trading.  Thanks 
 still the wrong one...try sscott3@enron.com, that usually works for me. 
 Please don't send me any more compression services emails.  I have nothing to do with any of the information below and should probably not even have access to it...the Susan Scott you're looking for does not have the middle initial M.  There is no middle initial shown for her in the system.  Thank you 
 You still interested in going to the Firehouse on tomorrow night?  I just checked my messages at home and Bryan called last night...at 9:45!  I was already passed out.  I know I'm an old bitty, but that is just too late to be calling a working girl when you're looking for a date Wednesday or Thursday night.  Anyway, I will give him a call this afternoon but I might suggest we just do something when he gets back from his trip.  I talked to Katy last night (before he'd called) and told her about the firehouse...she's definitely interested.  Let me know what you think.  Sue 
 I guess there's some sort of fine for dating...sounds like a load of BS to me.  What's your AOL messenger name? 
 Thanks for all the info.  Susan 
 he's going to Vegas I think...And I have no idea when we'd go over there.  I'll talk to Katy and see what she thinks. 
 so i talked to bryan last night...after a few ritas and beers.  supposedly we're going to do something tonight.  very curious how this will all pan out.  i do kind of feel "old" around him.  not because he's immature or anything of that nature, but because i've been out and working for 2 yrs now and he's living at home with his parents and planning on going back to school...just feel like i'm in a very different place.  of course, as usual, i'm giving this way too much thought.  Susan  really wanted to go to the firehouse...maybe i can tell him i have to be home early and i could meet you (and Katy) there later?  i'm so bad. 
 This was intended for the other Susan Scott.  Thanks 
 I think this was intended for the other Susan Scott.  Thanks 
 Well...when i was there you liquated the P&L post-id everyday, so unless that's changed you will continue to do that everyday.  For the last day of the month you will also want to liquidate the Official post-id as well.  Look at the file I've attached and it will explain how to handle the Gas Daily book this month since the last day of the month is not a week day.  The notes are in blue.  Let me know if you have any other questions.    Susan 
 just tried to call you at the river house....if you're online, shoot me an email when you're about to get off 
 jeez.....i don't care how good things are between them right now, you have to respect a just the girls dinner! 
 call me on my cell phone if you get a chance...i'm leaving the office right now. 
 Just wanted to make sure you're okay...woke up this morning and you hadn't come home.  I may be heading out after morning trading to go home b/c I feel like dirt.  Sue 
 I think this is for you. 
 Ina,  Is there something I need to do in regards to this email.  I appears some coding information needs to be filled out for my cell phone.  Thanks, Susan 
 Actually, I think this may be for you...I see Christi Nicolay's name on the distribution as well and I usually assume emails with her name attached are intended for you.  Let me know if this isn't the case.  Thanks, Susan 
 Stopped by Em's last night before coming home and she'd mentioned trying to do Austin this weekend.  She'd already talked to Katy and it sounded like Katy was interested in Austin tomorrow night and then maybe Gruene on Saturday night.  Anyway, wanted to let you know and see if you had any interest.  Emily and Katy would probably try to leave early tomorrow to stop in Round Top and do some antique shopping...so, if you think you could leave the office around 5:00 or so (of course earlier is always better) we could ride together and at least get on the HOV lane.  As it stands right now I think we're going to have stay in hotels both nights and we of course currently have no reservations, so it could get interesting.  Sue 
 Hope you had fun yesterday...I was actually writing to see if you had any interest in going to Austin this weekend.  Emily, Katy, myself and possibly Lisa are talking about making a trip up there tomorrow.  We would be going out with some guy friends of ours so if Doug wanted to come he wouldn't be completely outnumbered.  Also, one of Katy's friends manages Pat Green and he's playing at Gruene Hall so we were thinking about trying to go see him on Saturday.  Drop me a line and let me know if you have any interest.  Sue 
 I forgot Leigh Ann was going to be in town this weekend.  As for this evening, I think we're still on.  The movie is showing at the Angelika at 7:40 or Greenway 3 at 10:00...I'm assuming both of us would prefer the earlier movie, but there is something to be said for proximity.  What are your thoughts?  We could either take our time with dinner and then do the movie or just go to the early show and maybe grab dessert afterwards.  My guess is Emily would probably prefer the earlier time, since she may be taking off early tomorrow. 
 I'm intrigued...what prompted the cooking class?  If you do end up in Austin tomorrow night, we'll have to try to get together.  Sue 
 It's been quite a while since we caught up on things.  How are you doing these days?  Things here are pretty good.  I went about a month ago and visited Emily in London and have been busy with work, etc.  Hope you had a good Fourth of July!!!  Susan 
 It happens to me pretty regularly.  Time:  Yesterday around 4:30 pm  Conversation:  Him:	yo Me:	hey Him:	guess what Me:	what Him:	i'm an engaged man Him:	that kind of came out of nowhere huh  There was about 15-20 more of conversation which we can discuss later, but needless to say I'm still reeling.  So are you heading up to Austin today?  Sue 
 sorry didn't check email till today.  things have just been really busy the last month and i've been doing quite a bit of traveling.  i'm out of town this weekend, but maybe next week. 
 No problem...and you still need to see the Yankee Doodle Dandy movie, very patriotic and especially poignant for an independence day baby.  As for gas trading land, things are good.  Everyday I become a little more comfortable with the region I'm trading as well as the ins and outs of the pipeline and storage systems.  Sorry to hear about the ag group's demise, but I'm guessing there are some great opportunities to be had on the weather desk so congratulations are in order (as usual you have landed on your feet).  What's Darren going to be up to as a result of this?  Anyway, glad you got in some vacation time before the move and as luck would have it over your birthday.  Did you make it back to Cali or head to your new second home, Austin?  I'm assuming the book you are referring to is Market Wizards...I haven't read it yet, but have heard much about it from some of the other traders on the desk.  Maybe I should give it a look, if only to see what kind of things I'll need to write about once I join that circle...attitude is key.  Shorty 
 Ditto.... 
 thought you'd get a kick out of reading this...start from the bottom up.  (you'll have to click on the web link to see the e-card i sent ted for his b-day)  as monique comically pointed out this morning, "bet you never thought somebody would make ted look good?"  in the land of disappointing men, it's all a matter of degrees.  Sue 
 She lives!!!!  I know it's been ages since we've caught up on each other's = lives.  I'm anxious to hear what's happening in yours in the upcoming month= s.  I'll have to give you a call at home some time so we can really talk.  = As for a visit, you know I'm always up for a trip out to the coast.  I'm ac= tually heading to Seattle next weekend with a friend from work and then Aug= ust is going to be filled with a trip to Denver (work related...I know toug= h) and a visit to S. Korea to see Chris and Chuck for a week and a half or = so.  I'm really excited about that trip...I think we're going to try and ta= ke a weekend jaunt somewhere like Singapore, Hong Kong or Beijing while I'm= there.  So given all of that, what are your thoughts on Labor day weekend?= It's the first weekend of September...automatic 3 day weekend for me, so = I could fly in around the same time I did on my last visit that Friday and = leave Monday afternoon.  Let me know if that sounds good, or if there's som= e other weekend you had in mind. =20  You'll have to tell both of the Eric's and Clint I said, "Hello."  I had su= ch a great time hanging out with all of them, and your cousin too.  You att= ract very fun and interesting people...it's a credit to your excellent comp= any.  By the way, how are things in regards to Clint...still just good hang= -out buddies?  I'm assuming, since you didn't say anything in your email th= at things with Brendan are still good and if so, I'm glad for you. =20  I went shopping at Stein Mart recently too and found some really cute thing= s, I absolutely love that store.  And, I'm honored to be your shopping muse= .  Love, Susan  PS - The job's still good and I miss you too. 
 I know...I'm a peach.  Ha.  Anyway, dinner was really good.  We had spaghetti (which John cooked), garlic bread and some of the red wine I'd brought over.  And, we watched Crouching Tiger which I loved.  You were right, it is a very woman take charge film. 
 Em got the grandparent dinner changed to Wednesday night, so we'll be able to get together tonight.  She's supposed to give me a buzz later and let me know what she would like to do.  Odds are we're looking at a happy hour, followed by a nice dinner and then who knows what.  Talk to you later, Sue 
  FYI:  Bryan called last night to see if I wanted to go out again.  I think we'll probably end up going out on Thursday...I don't know.  We'll see how it goes, but I don't feel as excited or enthusiastic as I probably should.  Sue 
 thought you might be interested in this... 
 Last night was good...a nice, relaxed dinner suited me just right.  As for a rematch, we'll see...I've got dinner with Monique and Jennifer (you met her downtown once I think) tonight.  So maybe Thursday or Friday night we could do something.  I'll give you a call later.  Julie's email address is julieg@qualcomm.com  Sue 
 Jesssseka!!!!  I know, it's been ages since we've chatted.  I will definitely give you a buzz so we can catch real time.  I got Clay's message and thought I'd replied, but obviously I forgot.  I'm actually going out of town next weekend.  Which makes me so sad because it would be great to see everyone again.  Of course, I suppose we'll all be seeing quite a bit of each other with Jen and Caycie's weddings coming up.  I talk to you soon,  Sue  Glad to hear things are good...even if they are hectic. 
 Did you get that Katy?  Just kidding....I'll see you guys at the apartment. 
 Hey Lis,  How's married life treating you these days?  I hope things are good with your job, home, etc.  I was actually writing you to try and get Bonnie's email address.  My friend Monique and I are going to Seattle next week for a long weekend and I was hoping to get some tips from her as well as possibly get together for lunch or dinner.  Hope to see you soon and please say, "Hi!" to everyone for me next weekend at the lake house.  I'm so sad I'll be missing it, but I'd already booked my flight by the time Clay sent the email.  Love, Sue 
 I believe this was intended for the other Susan Scott (sscott3@enron.com)..= .I'm with nat gas trading.  Thanks 
 Hi Bonnie,  How are you doing?  Lisa said you'd broken your foot recently and have been stuck on crutches...which I'm guessing is no fun when you're riding public transportation.  Anyway, I was writing to see if you might have some suggestions of things to do and places to go while in Seattle.  One of my co-workers and myself are flying up Thursday for a long weekend in your fair city and were hoping to get a few pointers.  I hope you're still enjoying things as much as you were a few months ago.  It looks like you may have changed jobs already, which I trust is a good thing for you.  I'm very anxious to see the city and all it has to offer...there is a part of me that has always thought I'd like to live in the Pacific Northwest for a while (so this will be a little bit of a research trip for me).  If you could start thinking of suggestions for restaurants, bars, outdoor activities, etc. that would be great, and maybe if you're in town we could get together for a meal or a drink.  Thanks a bunch, Susan 
 It's so nice to hear from you!  Actually, we're coming this weekend.  We get in around 10:30 on Thursday night and flight out very late on Sunday.  At present we have reservations at the Mayflower Inn, but are debating taking a trip to the San Juan's (possibly overnight - do you have an opinion on that?...i.e. can it be just a day trip).  Discovery Park sounds great....we are both very interested in doing as much outdoors as possible.  To that end, we were thinking about doing some kayaking if you know of any particularly good places.  I really hope we get a chance to meet up while I'm in town...you may want to give me your phone number so we can contact you once we're in town.  Thanks again, Susan 
 Hey folks,  It's harassment time.  I'm trying to put together the contact list to end all contact lists.  I was hoping you guys could help me out by filling in any of the info you may already have.  I've attached an excel file which has plants, pipelines and storage facilities.  Fill in whatever you can and feel free to add anything you think should be included.  Just take a look at the sheet when you get a chance and let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks for all the help, Susan 
 I've been wondering if you were alive....sorry I missed your call last Thursday, I was in a meeting.  We seem to be in meetings for several hours everyday lately.  Anyway, did you have the "Welcome Back Emily Party"?  If so I'm guessing you've been recovering for a couple of days.  Hope the paper(s) is/are going well.  Talk to you soon, Sue  PS - I'm in Seattle this weekend, so I'll miss the friend. 
 I actually think we have the Monday off (Sept. 3).  So, ideally I'd fly in Friday evening and fly out Monday afternoon.  I'll email more later, but just thought I'd give you a heads up.  Susan 
 Thanks Bonnie...we're staying at the Mayflower Inn.  I'll give you a call on your cell phone when we get to town.  It may not be until Friday though since our plane gets in late...but I'll call none the less.  Susan 
 You added sscott5, not sscott3, to the list...I'm with natural gas trading.  Thanks, Susan M. Scott 
 definitely ted actions...served no purpose, just made me feel rotten and reiterated what an ass he is/was.  He actually said he can't inter-company date b/c is costs him money if he does ($60 a date).  I told him it was a good thing he got so much in when he could. 
 Hey...if you'd like to try and get together Thursday or Friday let me know.  I think a group is actually getting together Friday night for Ashlea Stuart's birthday, but I'd be willing to skip it (or go if you'd like to see some people).  Anyway, just drop me a note when you get a chance...I could definitely use a good chat session.  Sue 
 Hey Theresa....are you going to be putting in the Thermo volumes or would you like me too? 
  I've decided the articles on MSN are crap and you shouldn't read them anymore....but this one made me laugh.    http://womencentral.msn.com/weddings/articles/artfeed2.asp 
 I'm metal & I am steel I don't mind cause I can't feel a thing I'm a diamond ring  I'm not flesh & I'm not bone I'm not sad & I'm not all alone I'm a stone  the king is dead and the queen has flown left me here in the twilight zone - lost and looking for a way to get back home  and there's no right and there's no wrong so I'll be good and I'll be strong  I'll be silver & I'll be gold without a heart without even a soul I'll be coal  I won't be blood & teeth and skin & I won't feel the pain I'm in I'll be tin with no heart within  the king is dead and the queen has flown left me here in the twilight zone - lost and looking for a way to get back home  and there's no right and there's no wrong so I'll be good and I'll be strong  - Bob Schneider (Metal & Steel) 
 I heard someone pulled a hamstring trying to be butch w/ the military workouts....  As for me, the trip was fantastic.  Mucho shopping and even more eating.  Not to mention the weather was beautiful and you could actually walk everywhere you wanted to go.  The plane flight back was definitely not fun, but I did survive.  It reminded me of London quite a bit, although I think the weather is milder.  I was actually checking out apartment sites the other day b/c I was that impressed with the place.  It has a definite Austin vibe.  The people are extremely friendly, seem generally happy and there is lots of scenic beauty and tons of stuff to do.  Oh well,  I'll console myself with the fact that I get to live in H-town...always lifts my spirits.  Sue 
 I know I've thoroughly enjoyed all the commentary.  I can honestly say, I think this is the first time I've been invited to an Aggie happy hour....and to that end, kudos to all those who opted out of Sam's Boat...you now may be forced to deal with a longhorn interloper. 
 I know I've thoroughly enjoyed all the commentary.  I can honestly say, I think this is the first time I've been invited to an Aggie happy hour....and to that end, kudos to all those who opted out of Sam's Boat...you now may be forced to deal with a longhorn interloper. 
 Before you know it, we're gonna start outnumbering you guys. 
 I feel okay...just regretting some of my actions from last night.  Oh well, life goes on. 
 Western Civilization was getting old anyway....we'll create a new and improved civilization. 
 I won't give you Charlton Heston, but maybe Marky Mark. 
 Anne,  Didn't know if having this would be of any help, but here it is none the less.   Susan 
 Ina,  I keep receiving this message and am uncertain of exactly what it is they need me to do.  Could you take a look at it and fill me in on what action I need to take?  Thanks, Susan 
 Good luck with the paper...I know how inspired you get when deadlines start approaching, so I'm sure it'll be fabulous.  Sorry about the pulled muscle.  What exactly does that do to the marathon plans?  Will you be able to compete still, or are you just going to hit all the wine stops now?  I think you're right about Katy's move to Dallas. I have a feeling she's actually going to really like being there and working.  I pretty sure the folks are still helping out with living expenses, etc. so she won't have to make too big of an adjustment right off the bat.  As for me, Seattle could definitely be a destination but it would require a job change.  Enron doesn't have any offices up there.  The closest office is Portland and for obvious and now unavoidable reasons I don't see a move there any time soon.  You are right about not being able to go wrong with a place possessing Austin-like qualities...they are highly desirable.  I will most certainly try to keep the September date open...it would be great to see Britney and Arden.  We had Susan E.'s bachelorette party Saturday night (plus a bridal shower earlier that day).  Lisa hosted Laura White's at the apartment the same night.  I got to see and visit with Jenny Kenair (sp?), Janie Pitman, Rachel Pack among others.  Very interesting.  The two bachelorette parties met up at Black Swan for late night dancing.  Lis was in rare form.  I knew it was bad when she ran up and started hugging me....I think she almost crushed Susan and Kelly.  Anyway, it was actually pretty fun and I've decided I really like Susan's sister Betsy...good sense of humor and not at all be-boppy.  I did manage to trick her into doing the V-I-C-T-O-R-Y cheer at Black Swan though.  I thought it was pretty darn funny myself...she was mortified when she realized I'd got her to do a cheer.  Once again...best of luck banging out your opus.  Talk to you soon.  Sue  If you're looking to procrastinate a little this evening you can give me a buzz on my cell.  I'd try calling 5 pm or after. 
 Sorry I didn't call this weekend, but I was swamped Saturday and subsequently exhausted on Sunday.  I basically rotated from my bed to the couch to the pool to the couch and back to bed.  Pitiful but much needed.  Anyway, I was just going to tell you to go ahead and buy the ticket for me.  Departing the 14th and returning the 26th...which I believe puts me into Seoul Wednesday night and departing on a Sunday.  You can either call or email if you have any questions for me.  And, I'll decide where I'd like to go for the long weekend.  I may pick two and just let you two decide the final destination.  Sue 
 get online (msngr) if you get a chance...i'm still at work. 
 It all sounds pretty good, but is there any way to get on an earlier flight Sunday?  Probably not, I know there are only a few flights out a day, but if I could get into Houston closer to late afternoon on Sunday it would be a better for me.  I'd really like to stay that Saturday night...so if worse comes to worse, I'll just deal with the jet lag.  Susan 
 sounds good....i'd rather be useless a day at work, than miss a day over there....in the grand scheme of life. 
 Congrats on the promotion.  I was a little suprised it was only to manager...I remember you saying something once about jumping straight to Director.  All things in due time, right? 
 Great....sounds good to me.  Can't wait to see you guys. 
 I believe this was intended for the other Susan Scott.  I'm Susan M. Scott with Nat gas trading.  Thanks 
 I believe this was intended for the other Susan Scott.  I'm Susan M. Scott and work in natural gas trading.  Thanks 
 hello....long time no see.  how are y'all doing these days?  i'm actually writing bc i've misplaced em's phone number in london and wanted to give her a buzz.  do either of you have it on hand?  if so, could you please email it back to me.  thanks  em also mentioned something about NB in mid Sept...i'd love to see y'all if you decide to meet up with her.  Susan 
 UGH....sorry i missed your call last night.  I can't find your phone number either...i'll give you a call if you email it to me. otherwise, just give me a call later today. 
 Thanks anyway...I eventually tracked it down yesterday.  And yes, the real world emphatically sucks.  Emily's got the right idea, avoid it at all costs.  Still, work's going all right for me.  My hours have dramatically improved, which is nice, and they actually let me take time off for vacation.  I'm reserving the weekend Emily mentioned in September so hopefully I'll see you there.  Susan 
 I'm sorry it's taken me so long to get back to you.  I would definitely enjoy the opportunity to answer any of your questions about the various opportunities within Enron.  I know what an overwhelming place this can be at times.  I'm actually heading out of the office today for a conference in Denver, but if you want to just email me some questions or pick a time that would be good for you to meet that would be great.  Susan Scott x31455 
 Sorry it took me so long to respond.  It's been really busy here lately.  You're going to be so disappointed in us, but we never ended up kayaking.  Monique and I were so glad that you and Luke came to meet us for drinks.  It was so fun getting to talk to y'all and hear all about Seattle and Vancouver.  The weather actually turned out to be really good so we spent a lot of time outside.  The Market was fantastic.  We actually bought some boiled shrimp there and took in back to the hotel for a little in room picnic.  We also hit "the Bite" which was really neat.  Glad you and Luke had a good time in the mountains and please let me know the next time you're in Houston.  It be great to see you again.  Thanks again for everything, Susan 
 Sorry we didn't get much of a chance to chat last night, but I hope you had fun at steak night.  It's too bad you didn't make it to Sierra's ( you could have seen a true dancing display by yours truly). 
 Paul,  So nice to hear from you.  I hope things are going great for you as well.  I'm actually going Laura Jahnke's wedding that same evening.  Otherwise, I would have loved to have gone.  Please tell Nathan I say, "hello" and wish he and his new wife the very best.  So when does school start?  And, how are the small businesses going?  Have a nice time at the wedding, Susan 
 Hey Ted,  Do I even know this guy, or has someone yet again confused me with the other Susan Scott?  Since your one of the only names on this thing I recognize, besides Margaret's, I thought I'd ask.  Susan 
 Just wondering why my ice cream and bean burritos were in the frig instead of the freezer last night....you come up with some new storage methods?  So what are you up to tonight?  Sue 
 For you.... 
 I know, I know....I dropped off the face of the earth for a while.  I've actually been in Denver all week for a Natural Gas Convention.  As for Labor Day weekend, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to make it.  I'm leaving for S. Korea next Tuesday and don't get back until the weekend before Labor Day weekend.  So issue one is, will I have enough energy to make the trip?  The other issue is a friend's wedding in Park City that same weekend.  I'd feel bad skipping her wedding but still going on a trip.  So.....I was thinking maybe it'd be better all around if I came a different weekend.  Why don't you take a look at your calendar and let me know what other dates in September look good to you.  Susan 
 Also for you.... 
 Ditto... 
 Another misdirected email..... 
 I'm sure it is...I'll just keep forwarding the emails to you as I get them.  However, I will warn you that I'm on vacation from the 14th-26th of August.  I'm going to visit my brother and his wife in S. Korea so it should be interesting.  Anyway, you may want to give a heads up to people to make sure they're sending the information to the right person.  Susan M. Scott 
 Are you going to be in Austin next weekend (the 28th)?  I'm thinking about making a trip up there to visit.  Let me know.  Sue 
 Hey...was wondering if you want to split this month's electricity bill...  Last month was $175.00, this month is $183.00 and we've also started paying for water (which was only about $20 last month).  Anyway, just let me know...I won't make the full check out now if you want to split.  Sue 
 Charles Bradley & Sally Scott 10802 Jaycreek Houston, TX 77070  I'll try giving you a call tonight just to catch up and see how things are going.  Were you planning on going walking?  Sue 
 Becca,  I am sooooo sorry I'm not going to be able to make the party.  Please give everyone my best and tell Jen I would have done everything within my power to embarass her.  I'm actually going to be in S. Korea visiting my brother and sister-in-law, so I do have a legitimate excuse.  See you at the wedding if not before.  Susan 
 I'm flying out for Korea tomorrow morning, but give me a call when you get home from your meeting...I'm sure I'll still be packing. 
 CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!!!  That's wonderful news....I think Laura is such a fantastic girl and I wish them both the very best. 
 Thanks Ash...I actually don't think I'm going to go, but if I change my mind at the last minute I will definitely take you up on it.  Talk to you soon.  We really are going to have to get together with all of the married couples roaming about... 
 If you email me while I'm out of town, go ahead and sent it to my hotmail account...susan_m_scott@hotmail.com  I will definitely do my best to make it out there before October. 
 Ina,  I keep getting this invoicing message, could you run me through getting this resolved.  Thanks, Susan 
 You've got the wrong Susan Scott...you may want to try her married name (which I, unfortunately, don't know). 
 nope...dinner...bed 
 I think it's probably a good idea not to contact Eric for a while.  Truly what purpose would it serve?  As for my work situations, they aren't that exciting but have made for 