 lol 
 Would it help if I faxed you the 'you will have your card in 2 weeks' note they just gave me? 
 Good Morning,  I am going into a meeting at nine for I am not sure how long, so just leave a message if you have a problem or a question.  The loss schedule is per Crandall.   Cara 
 Hi,  I am sitting here at my desk talking contracts and energy, and in my head I am thinking about kisses, caresses, and waking up with you. You make me feel so special, and beautiful, and cherished. I would really like to play hooky all during your shutdown and just be with you.   I want to have a completely lazy day, just vegging, reading, snacking, keeping my feet warm, petting cats, watching movies, and snuggling by my fireplace. How does Christmas Eve sound? Do you have plans?   Bye my special one,  Kitten 
 Hi,  I am sitting here at my desk talking contracts and energy, and in my head I am thinking about kisses, caresses, and waking up with you. You make me feel so special, and beautiful, and cherished. I would really like to play hooky all during your shutdown and just be with you.  I want to have a completely lazy day, just vegging, reading, snacking, keeping my feet warm, petting cats, watching movies, and snuggling by my fireplace. How does Christmas Eve sound? Do you have plans?   Bye my special one,  Kitten 
 I the undersigned, hereby accept the intended offering of the parties in the first part to provide "food" and "beer", with the following provisions:  1. The sponsors of the feast, Christian Yoder and Steve Hall, must attend the function in person and engage in conversation and laughter. 2. Gratitude from the attendees must be accepted at any and all times.   Thanks Guys! I look forward to scarfing a little pizza and brew with you!   Cara (soon to be Freeland) 
 Hi Sweetie,  I am doing fine, things are still wierd, but Dave has gone to stay with his parents and only comes to town to deal with his vending machines.  I went to the law store and got all the documents, but I find them very intimidating. I think I would rather pay the single fee to the lawyer so that I know it is all done right. I would like your advice on this matter.  I have been going to parties and movies and such,  having fun.  I have been on a date, and am currently enjoying the company of a man named Craig. He is a very sweet man, and we have just clicked.  Talk to you later, have a good long weekend off. I have a new cell phone number 810-1105  Cara 
 Thanks Frank,  Hey did that intermittent blank drop down field bug in the physical path area get fixed?  I tried doing a tag a few days ago and still got that error.   Have a good day,  Cara 503/464-3814 
 Hi There,  What a great e-mail!  I got a warm glow and a great laugh all rolled into one.  I am keeping that one in my palm pilot so I can read it anywhere I want.  I woke up thinking about you, took my bubble bath and looked at my pink toenails thinking about you, put on my lotion thinking about you, drove to work singing along with the radio to Steely Dan thinking about you, and am just about useless at my desk thinking about you.  I really enjoyed just vegging last night.  You have a good day too cutie pie.         ;) 
 Everything is wonderful......................just wonderful..............................there is a suprise on the way for you today from me.  Craig is so nice, we had a really good weekend. Thanks for inviting me to your drunken bash! 
 About another hour or so and I am outta here. I am tired..........ti..............yerd.   I ran up and bought the Charlotte Church CD, listening to it now, it is very nice.  I will bring it home with me.  I would like to come over and finish that movie tonight for a bit, but I am going HOME to sleep ;)   That ok?  C 
 Cara's new number is  503-810-1105 
 you need to contact support@oatiinc.com  They can walk you thru it.  :) 
 Have a good day  Cara 
   Y'all have a good day.  C 
 Should we go ahead and separate our names on the credit cards?  I think it would be wise.  Also, If you want to transfer Pahio to our joint account that is fine,  I would like to have Pahio.  When you come up, if you want to come to work here and get the car and give me the truck keys, we can do that.  Just let me know.  Thanks,  C 
 Everyone keeps asking my why I am grinning today. I thought I was playing it pretty straight............................................. 
 It's all good. 
 Dear Mom,  I just want you to know that I love you VERY much.  You still mean as much to me now as ever. I am your family whether I am married to Dave or not.  You are an example of kindness and giving, and one of the most special women on the planet as far as I am concerned.  I have been kind of keeping quiet because I know how much Dave needs you right now, and I don't want to say anything that would diminish him in your eyes. Part of the reason that I waited as long as I did to do this is that I desperately wanted one last family Thanksgiving where nobody has to choose who can come or feel strange or anything.  Dave has decided to stay with Bob and Sandi, and just come up to deal with the vending machines.  I am glad, things are very tense and weird.  I just want to get everything settled. He seems like he is getting angry, and I don't like that.  He told me he wants me to keep the truck instead of the car because everytime he looks at the truck he feels like it is a betrayal. I got him this truck to help him with his business. Wanna buy a brand new truck?  Anyway,  it will all work out and we will all get thru this .  I have a new cell phone number, please feel free to call me, and I will probably call you tonight just to touch base and let you know I love you.  503/810-1105   Love,  C 
 My boss just said "It's all good".  I laughed my ass off 
 Hey , is there any way on the face of the earth that I can get ahold of one of the remaining Drexler basketballs? 
 I am so glad you got internet service at home!  Earthlink is good.  Have a wonderful time in Florida, I liked it bunches when I went.  Things are strange here, Dave is still very upset but is starting to trend toward anger now. He wants me to take the truck because he sees it as a betrayal that I got it for him a couple of months ago.  OK. I have a truck now and he has the car.  Wanna buy a truck?  He is also not wanting to be at home, which is fine with me. It is so tense and weird right now that I am glad to have the house to myself.  I don't really want to be there either.  I have been keeping busy with friends, they have been so good to me during this. I went to a Seattle Seahawks game yesterday at the University Stadium, and thought about those trips up there to sit with you all during Scotty's surgeries. Seattle was nice, but it was a long day and horrbile horrible rain. Our seats were in the upper stadium away from the wind so we were dry. I have a movie Tomorrow and a party Wednesday. Tonight is just being home catching up on my laundry and my sleep.  I love you very much! Thanks for keeping me in your heart.  Cara 
 I threw the tree tag away, but I gave Lynn a bunch of bath goodies in the handle bag. 
 I had to put all my OATI files in a secure non-UBS place, but it is 600 per month for up to 15 users, and 100 a month flat fee for faxing.  They are going to raise the rate to 750 per month to pay for the e-tag 1.7 upgrades.  My contact at OATI is Frank.Billington@oatiinc.com  or  kevin.burns@oatiinc.com  Thanks,  Cara 
 Please see the attached spreadsheet,   I have added leg 2 to both annuities in red.  I looked at the spreadsheet that Diana forwarded me, and probably need for you and I to sit down and just walk me thru it.   Cara 
 Hi Mom,  I am amazed at those bear photos.  The entire office (what's left anyway) was around my desk looking at that.  That guy must have filled his drawers!  How is Natalie doing?  What shot do they think she reacted to?  I can't imagine how frightening that must have been for Monty and Jackie and the whole family.  Dave is staying at Bob and Sandi's for the weekend, I asked him to go or let me know if he wanted to stay and I would go somewhere. I need some space and he is still so upset that my presence is not helping. It would be easier on him if I just moved out now.  I can't because he can't afford to live in the house without me, and he can't leave because you can't get an apartment in this town without a job. We will be putting the house on the market no later than the first week of January.   I love you, thank you for your love and support for both of us during this very difficult time.   Cara 
 Hi Sweeties!  You are in my heart today, how goes the fight?  Dave has gone to his parents for the weekend to give me some space, and I am really liking being alone.  I love you and hope you all are well.  Cara 
 I haven't heard any firm plans, but I am game for nearly anywhere  maybe Perry can scare some folks up? 
 Dear Little Sister,  Thank you so much for you love and support during this difficult time.  I wish that I could make this easier on everyone, but this is what has to be done.  I have no intention of separating from you or the Rich/McPhersons, you all are more than family to me.  You will always be my little sister. I am going to work very hard to come through this with Dave and me as much friends as possible, so that the stress to us all will be minimized.  I see no reason to hurt people over what amounts to belongings.  I am glad you liked your gifts, you did save at least one to open on Christmas day, right?  I hope so.  I have the house to myself this weekend, Dave is at your folks to give us a little space.  He is still very upset, and I feel bad that I have made him so sad. I really didn't think he would be this upset. I am glad that the family is rallying support for him, and I have been kind of laying low with the family so that he can have that support. He has no real friends here, and that is a big problem.  I love you,  Cara "Pizza Pie" 
 My dancing shoes are ON!  Woohoo!   Wanna go play before then?  If you could use a little company, I would be game for something fun to do!  C  464-3814 (work) 848-7684 (home) 
 We are going to the one on NW 21st between Glisan and Hoyt  Hope you can make it  c 
 Hi Julie,  Since the stress of work is making me drink, will my liver transplant be covered by workmans comp?   :) 
 Hi,  How are you? Are you keeping busy or taking some days to decompress?  A few of us are going out to sushi tonight,  Me, Laura W, Stacy, Perry, maybe Jesse, and a few others.  We would love to have you join us.  We are thinking Koji's on 6th and broadway around 7 ish.  Please join us if you would like.   Cara  464-3814 (work) 
 nice 
 I feel like a moron 
 I tried to call, but got the 'all circuits are busy' thing a few times.   I will see you tonight at the movies with a full report!  ;)   C 
 I am unable to log on to local enpower, I get a dialog box that says the following  Script:  W:\Scripts\enpower.vbs Line:  476 Char:  13 Error: Permission Denied Code: 800A0046 Source: Microsoft VBScript runtime Error. 
 we have to apply for TISN registration at NERC.com 
 can you tell bob?  I got an undeliverable message from his e-mail address 
 she said she would get it for me after this conference call.  Are there going to be more Enron layoffs? 
 Let's meet tomorrow morning about 9 am to let me show you all of the tools that scheduling uses.  I expect it will take about 15 minutes.   Thanks,  Cara 
 Good Morning,  Due to our current situation, I have 3 full time very talented schedulers with very little to do.  They have a wide range of experience and abilities, and would be available to assist you in whatever tasks may need handling.  Please let me know if you have temporary room for any one or all 3 of these folks, I would like them to have something to do while we are waiting for trading to resume.  Thanks,  Cara 
 Hi,  Yesterday Richter asked me to get with John Oh and bring him up to speed on everything that we use.  Although I think this is a good idea, I think that this direction should more appropriately come from you.  Please let me know what you would like me to do, if it would be beneficial to have me explain our stuff to both John and Victor, I will be happy to do so.   Thanks,  C 
 I am interested in being part of this effort if there is still room  Cara Semperger West Power Scheduling Supervisor Enron North America 503/464-3814 
 Hi Frank,  Thanks for taking care of the password changes for our real time group.  Things are still very up in the air here. We hear new developments nearly on a daily basis, and so much remains unknown. I am in kind of a wait and see mode.  Thank you for asking!  Cara 
 Hi Mom,  Things are a little better here for me, Friday was a horrible day, we had layoffs of about 30% of our office.  Lots of crying and sadness on the floor.   The weekend was strange, Dave came back from Eugene un announced which was not what we agreed to, and I got the feeling that he was thinking he was going to 'catch' me doing something or having someone over.  He is still really struggling with the idea that I just can't love him like a wife anymore, and that is not enough to keep two people together.  I wish that I could make this easier on him, and I almost think that if I had been unfaithful it would be easier for him to accept.  I am just trying to hold on until he gets some kind of income so that we can sell the house and pay our debt. I do not have any desire for him to be forced to live with his parents, I wouldn't wish that on anyone. Just pray for him and for me.  School sounds wonderful, I am so glad you are happy dealing with your little ones. How fun!  I love you!   Cara 
 I am still having lots of problems with OATI 
 I will be surrendering my cell phone when Enron no longer wishes to pay for it 
 503-819-7783 
 no worries,. I e-mailed julie again Just hold off for now.  I need to get my loan approved and my bonus in hand before I can move in,  I am anxious!  woohoo! 
 There are BPA real power losses for the 7th only  and some transmission only paths 
 I propose that while work is so slow we have some informal tutorials from the folks who know stuff.  SQL Access Excel Stuff (Susie is a bona-fide expert teacher!) HTML XML  Whatever folks might want to teach 
 thanks Tara 
 I can pop up today if you would like,  Just give me a call and I can dash over.   Thanks,  C 
 Hi Mom,  I am still here, there is so little work that pretty much all I do is talk to people, play computer games and read e-mail.  I still can't believe that this has all happened.  Dave is doing better, he is calmer now and less upset. I am glad to see that, I felt really bad for how upset he was. He is going to go stay with his folks for a few days, they had their insurance company call and tell them that if they didn't clean up the outside of the house that they would drop them from insurance. They had a gardener come out, but Dave is going to take the pressure washer down and wash the house. I personally think they need to move to a retirement apartment with some living assistance. They do not seem to have the ability to take care of anything anymore.  Work is winding down, folks are bored and working on resumes and stuff.  I love you,  Cara 
 Hi Sweetie,  I still can't believe all of this, we are laying off people here left and right, our traders are trying to call in favors to find jobs for as many people as possible.  We are still trying to deliver on contracts, and not all of our counterparties have cut us off.  I can't imagine for the life of me why anyone would continue to do business with us!  I love you, and Pat and Riley  Cara 
 Put vending machines in where it says COWS, and you have the filed business plan for my new company 
   Thanks,  Cara 
 http://www.ets.oatiinc.com/   cara_semperger  kitten 
 Good Morning,  I never got a copy of my UBS agreement, and Amy said you have been keeping them in case something happened to the FED-EX packages?  I can run up and grab it anytime.  Thanks,  Cara Freeland!  :) 
   No changes to any existing data, just adding Real Power Losses 
 Thank you for your kind words.  This is the hardest decision and the most painful one I have ever had to make.  Dave needs his family so much right now, as he has very few friends. Please call him often and if you can invite him down for a visit please do that.  I am confident that if we are calm and peaceful through this process we can emerge on the other side as friends.  I promise to do everything in my power to be kind generous and calm.  Love,  C 
 Her mailbox must be full or something, we are getting her mail kicked back   Can we tidy up her mail a bit, she returns on Tuesday 
 I called 1-800-297-3276 and navigated thru the automated menu.  Someone came on line and helped me, the confirmed my point balance and and asked me what I wanted to get.  I told them and they did it on the spot.  They also referred me to this website  www.americanexpress.com/rewards  I am not suggesting a course of action, but rather relaying my experience   Cara 
 Dave said he called you.  I feel awful. 
 I want each of you to get out of here for 30-45 mins, I will babysit your stuff while you are out. 
 This is the smallest sheet in the history of the world  I had to over-return losses, please call if this poses a problem   Cara 
 sempergers@hotmail.com (at least while I still am a semperger, but I am getting divorced)   We will see you back in the states.  Luv,  C 
 do you all have a job website? 
 I have asked her a couple of times, so if you have one that would be better. 
 At least for now:  Cara Semperger 16346 SW Wright Aloha, OR  97007 
 just remember me when you are the boss and are hiring 
 Never know when this will come in handy 
 doubt that is necessary now 
 Here you go, if you ever have a spot open for me.  Cara 
 I need to hold off for a couple of weeks.  Sorry :(   c 
 I can't wait, what goodies can I bring? 
 We are pretty much wrapped up.  Thanks Matt.     Cara Semperger West Power Scheduling Supervisor Enron North America 503/464-3814 
 Thanks for your help 
 SOMETHING IS BROKEN WITH THE NEW RELEASE,  NONE OF OUR LIGHT LOAD DEALS PULL IN!  This is priority,  why would heavy load and 24 hour deals pull in, but not light load deals?  Please see the attached sheet!  We should be seeing  881015 880991 at Palo   880745 880741 880729 880746 AT pge system 
 Good Morning Darling,  Do you know when the UBS paydays are?  We are just trying to figure out what to expect.  Also,  I need a copy of my signed agreement with UBS, the loan folks for my new condo want it.  If you will fax it to me, but call me first so I can wait by the fax for it, I would be grateful.  Thanks,  Cara Freeland! ;) 
 Good Morning,  Only one open contract for December left to find a sink for!   Please call me to confirm reciept     Cara Semperger West Power Scheduling Supervisor Enron North America 503/464-3814 
 I have re-started Enpower since the e-mail came out saying that the new version has been put into production.  I ran the attatched sheet, and the last group of deals that I was given had old deals blended with new deals.  These start on line 757.   Cara 
 Donald was trying to sort by POR AND POD,  Donald gets a repeating error of "invalid variant type conversion".  I tried to do that and no problem, but I am using the app locally, and Donald for some reason still has to go thru the windows 2000 terminal server.  I really want him to be able to use the app locally like it was designed to be used.   Please let me know.  C 
 It happened twice 
 Please see Stacy's sheet.  Is it possible that if the "Get Now" button is pressed twice BEFORE results are given that this is done?   It might help to grey out the GET Now button when it is pressed, and have it re-light when the New Data button has been pressed? 
 Error(s) Encountered While Processing Your Request Web+ Error Message: Error Code = 10650: Incorrect file read password. Occurred in WebMail around line(42) in Script File \\vdb01\d\ets\web15\fax-send.wml  Explanation: An incorrect password was used when trying to read from a file.  Troubleshooting Information Verify that the password in the script is the same as that in the [FILE IO] section of the Web+ server configuration file (webpsvr.ini). Please inform the site administrator <mailto:support@oatiinc.com> that this error has occurred. Be sure to include the contents of this page in your message to the administrator. 
 We also need a box that says "Include only Dart Deals"   Please also  make absolutely sure that this is included in the PSW build route, as we use it nearly exclusively now.Vish knows about our problems with that.   Cara 
 Good Afternoon Kathy,  Please get susie a December Parking pass   C 
 NICE!  HAVE A GOOD TIME 
 Arrrrrrrrrrgh 
 Hi There,  I love you, I hope you have a good day.  Work is shaping up to be a real snooze-fest. There are only 9 of us on the entire trading floor right now. Normally there used to be about 65-70 of us!  Waking up with you is so nice, I am looking forward to many years of doing just that. I think we are going to settle in just fine together. I love you and enjoy being with you so much. You are the man I have waited all these years for. Thank you for being part of my life.  I will see you this evening, a little dinner, a little laundry action, maybe a little dominoes and sheet-she-me?  Woohoo!  I love you,  CF 
 We need to be able to rely on the repeated running of the build route. Running a month long sheet from scratch is a huge problem for us, it forces us to do massive amounts of work over and over again.  I need you to find out why this is happening, and let me know when it is fixed.   Cara 
 Stacy just ran her build route  for December and got data with no counterparty names,  I just ran my build route for December and got new data blended with old data.   We need help immediately   Stacy's number is 503/464-3747 
 I need a reccomendation.  Please let me know when you have a few minutes of spare time. 
 I will be there with husband 
 Good Morning,  Diane is off today and tomorrow, just call ol' cara with questions 
 why is this coming from you? 
 None of us can get on the main site, and we are using their alternate site.  I had some difficulty making tags, but have finished. The problem I was having today is identical to my problem a few weeks ago where I could make the tag, but then everything would hang when I hit the 'confirm' button.  Cara Semperger 503/464-3814 
 I got your res and will keep it in case I hear of anything.  Take mine, and put it in your just in case folder.  Love,  C 
 I propose we just keep AOL 
 I plan to send them in a batch to you through interoffice mail on Feb 8th.  Please call me at 503/464-3814 if you have any questions   Thanks,  Cara Freeland 
 Please just have them create  me as Cara Freeland, new name.  :) 
 Other deals is fine,  Build route has been selecting the hourly deals just fine, and including them in the off peak sections. We must be able to see these deals, as we have a great many deals with odd hours and shaped schedules.  Thanks,  Cara 
 Auntie Cara,  How are you?  I am doing fine, I guess.  I think I am passing through the shock stage and may be entering the exceptance stage.  I am still so dazed from this whole thing.  I am supposed to go back to work on the 5th and may not be going back at all.  This whole thing is so heartbreaking.  I am attaching my resume just so you have it, if you think of anyone who should see it from you contacts please pass it on.  Take care and I will keep you posted.  Susan 
 http://www.msnbc.com/comics/daily.asp?sFile=dp011120 
 Things are much better now, we only have minor issues with control areas, and none so specific as to be addressed in a formal way.  Thanks,  Cara Semperger West Power Scheduling Supervisor Enron North America 503/464-3814 
 PROLLY SHOULDN'T USE THE F WORD IN AN INTRA-COMPANY E-MAIL, PARDNER 
 Thanks ! I have got a little training packet all put together for you!  woohoo!   C 
 Hey, I will be in Spokane over the weekend and wanna at least say hi and have a beer with y'all.  Are you going to be around on Saturday?   My cell is 503-701-2894  gimme a call and we can go raize a lil hell.  I want to see Erin and Dana too if I can.  Woohoo!  You won't recognize me! 
 is over. the cows have come home. the chickens didn't hatch. the fat lady sang.   how horrible 
 Individual logins are much more preferable.  The UBS schedulers are  Donald Robinson Diane Cutsforth Cara Freeland 
 I am looking damn good at 9 bux on the  pool   How horrible 
 Dynegy's presentation outlining what is important to them, some really good info here.  C 
 Understood.  I had populated the market path first 
 Good Afternoon,  I have attempted several times to make a test tag today, but the drop down lists for the PSE's in the Physical path area have not been populated.  I logged off and onto the system several times today to see if that would help. It didn't.  C 
 Good Morning,  LLH,  EES owes EPMI 18 MW   HLH  EPMI owes EES 2 mws  Diane will give you the MidC position if there is one, and Stacy will have the Palo Position.   C 
 Why don't we try 10 ish for coffee or brunch or whatnot?  My cell is 503-701-2894 just in case.  Can't wait!  C 
 Good morning,  Please call me if this does not work for you,    Cara Semperger West Power Scheduling Supervisor Enron North America 503/464-3814 
 Hi Susan,  I am going to be in Spokane from Wednesday Night thru Sunday morning, I would really like to get together for coffee or something.  Are you going to be in town?  Cara 
    Good Morning,  Here is the bookout disposition that I have so far, along with my booking out options for the LLH contracts that we have open. Please give me a call when you are ready to go. I am only doing COB, Diane will be doing MidC  Cara Semperger West Power Scheduling Supervisor Enron North America 503/464-3814 
 Good Morning,  Here are the direct bookouts I have matched up along with my options I only show open COB contracts on the LLH   Give me a call when you are ready to go. 
 yes yes and yes.  The certificate stuff can be done at the end of the month when we know more about what is going on.  I have all the documents and download stuff to do that 
 I was able to create a tag, but when I confirmed, nothing happened.so I hit confirm a few more times, and got 5 copies of the same e tag 
 I would be personally interested in going to D3,  please try to plan it during mid month if possible. 
   Forgot the 4 mw path,  all good now.  Have a good weekend  C 
   Y'all have a good weekend!   Cara Semperger 503/464-3814 
 It is slower today than it was last night, I assume from traffic 
 Mike Tully is going to work on this with you today. 
 I turned my computer completely off and back on to see if my connection would improve, It didn't.  My plain old data only no macro excel sheet still takes 30 seconds to save.  :(  Outlook also seems slow, but I never liked it anyway. :)  C 
 Hi My Man,  Yokos! mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm    I went to see Dr. Soot today, she told me my pain is from the 2 big knots where they started and ended the incisions, and it will only hurt for ...oh....3 months or so.  She also said I can do whatever I want, including the gym! Your ASS is MINE!  ;)  She said lifting etc is fine as long as I listen to my pain and lift things slowly. No jerky or quick lifting that could hurt me.  I can't wait to have some albacore sashimi and a little Craig on the sheetsheemi!  ;)  Love,  C 
 I am suprised at how little the bare bones employee and the full package employee trips differ in price!  I wanna do the 19 grand package. Employees and Spouses. Do for us but do the works.  I think it would be a welcome perk in a weary office right now.  C 
 Hi  Donald is having an access violation when he tries to run the Path Confirmation Report. Vish is aware of this, and wants to do some investigating tomorrow, but I don't know if Donald will have time.  Maybe you can do this with Vish and Donald's Passwords?  Stacy still has performance issues running the report launcher locally.   I am just ducky.  C 
 His attempts to get path confirmation he gets this error    ACCESS VIOLATION AT ADDRESS 005096E9 IN MODULE "PATH CONFIRM.EXE" READ OF ADDRESS 00000000.   He needs access asap.  Thanks,  Cara 
 The old build route remembered what the user chose last for delivery points, and had it in the defaults each time Build route was opened.  Can this be duplicated in the PSW version of build route?  C 
 Please have the default set to "Starting on" not  "Active on".   We use Starting on Every day, and Active on much more rarely.   Thanks,  Cara 
 MUCH INTEREST FROM ME 
 Hi Mom,  I am so glad that Nathan seems to be responding, his well being and future are what is most important. I don't know what to say to the behavior of Beth not taking responsibility for the financial end, and kind of holding you both hostage with this unspoken threat to withold your grandchildren.  I have so little respect for her for treating people this way. If I didn't think she would punish you somehow, I would tell her so.  I am looking forward to seeing you next week!  woohoo!  Luv,  Cara 
  https://taim.transmission.bpa.gov/cwi/tsched  userid :  enron5   pw Oregon123 
   Have a good day  Cara Semperger 503/464-3814 
 Any ideas?  The time difference is from nearly instantaneous before to 20-30 seconds now. 
 I recognize those sunglasses!  ha ha ha! 
 I was able to access the record in path confrimation, and it has the correct info in it now.  C 
   <Embedded Picture (Metafile)> 
 Thank you Dave for the horribly long hours you put in on this. 
 FOR YOUR EYES ONLY: I dont wanna piss off the new massa 
   Things are coming back a bit, here is your sheet 
 Please copy me on anything that you need to speak to the developers on.  DART changes to the build route need to be done in the PreSchedule Workspace version of build route, as that is what we are using now, we have been phasing out the old build route.  Cara 
 Build route is a very vital part of what we use every day. Any change to it must go thru me.  The change in the Build Route for DART deals is a minor one, a check box on the user interface. Real time can run the report to show only DART deals, and they would be captured that way.  Please see me before any changes to the build route are discussed.   Cara 
 Good Afternoon,  The last of our kinks has been worked out and we are going to go ahead with all schedules in the new system as of 11/15. We will then have a good couple of weeks under our belt before the start of a new month. The last date you will see any preschedules in Lotus is 11/14/01  Please see me if you have any questions.  Cara 
 Just let me know when the update has been done, and I will pop in and do a few more tags.  Thanks,  Cara Semperger West Power Scheduling Supervisor Enron North America 503/464-3814 
 Tom and I confirmed this change via phone earlier.  C 
 No, I will just make a note of these two strange deals 
   Diane is out all week, just call ol Cara to tell her all about it.  C 
 Good Evening  I ran a master download for December 1 so that over the next few days I can test the overwriting fix, and found two deals that are 24 hour deals, show scheduled hours of 1-24, but are segregated with the "OFF PEAK" deals.  The deal numbers are:  576490.1 737863.1   Can you look and see if they are booked in a strange way that makes them fall into the wrong segregation category?   Here is my PSW sheet: 
 Just checking in to say hi.  Wanted to know what SLC is like ;)   C              x 
 THANKS VISH.  I will let you know if any more bugz show up. 
    Thanks,  C 
 The real cara comes out at last,  you will notice schedulers working feverishly behind me  :) 
 Thanks for that laugh! I needed it.  Here's the deal:  A call swaption was sold to me by pollard for the intrinsic and extrinsic value of the desks on the floor times 3.50 per month.  I sold this put to myself and pocketed a next fixed premium of one million dollars. I took that six million dollars and used it to finance the new snickers plant that is going to be built in 10 years.  I divided the reesee's plant and the snickers plant, sold put-call parodies on the reesee's and put the snickers plant up for collateral on a 20 million dollar loan to finance potato chip options.  My net was 3.5 billion dollars, so I am the one buying Enron.  My new Company is called  "Cara-land".  I am working on the national anthem now. 
 We did 50 HLH parking with PGE, please see Diana or me for details.  C 
   Good Morning,  Diane is out today and all next week, so just call me  Thanks,  Cara Semperger 503/464-3814 
 I am sorry you have been so sick! That sounds just awful.  Are you all better now?  I can think of nothing worse than not being able to talk well! My head would explode!   Love,  C 
 I just sent him the Mt Hood number, everyone here is going there 
 Susie and I talked, she and I agreed that she would work 7-1 m-th,  and 7-5 on fridays.  We had agreed to that before she left.  I also filled her in on our situation as a company, she had no idea.  I didn't want her to get blindsided by any kind of decision.  C 
 please call  503/464-2099 for the conference phone, I have a dr. appt and cannot attend.  All the schedulers will be there, David Steiner and Diana Scholtes and Sean crandall will also attend. 
 I don't think we will be able to participate in testing unless we have our TISN registration done and our new OATI account setup 
 I have created a short list of phone numbers based on what is active now, and it is saved in P:/Scheduling/PHONE NUMBERS  I have also asked Dave Steiner to print out my turret numbers for your reference. 
 Everything that we use is located in P:/Scheduling.  You will find old sheets with tags and paths, documents outlining how the system works, how daylight savings time needs to be represented, there is also the Intranet site  P:\Scheduling\EnronWestSchedulingWebsite.html  On this there is the OATI links, and also the test site for OATI 1.7.  This will go live in April, and will be totally different than any tagging done before. You will need time to get familiar with the new format and practice, and I will be happy to help guide you when you are ready.  All 3 of us are here to help, and will be available to you until you are comfortable.  Good Luck!  Cara 
 Good Morning,  I need new logins created for the following people  Serena_Bishop serena.bishop@enron.com pw: welcome  Mike_Purcell mike.purcell@enron.com pw: welcomeback  I need the following logins deleted:  Lisa Gang Susie Wilson Stacy Runswick   Within a couple of weeks, most of the Enron folks will no longer be active, and I will have no access to the system.  Mike Purcell will be handling the account and can be reached at mike.purcell@enron.com  Please call me at 503/464-3814 within the hour if there is additional information that you need to set up Serena and Mike's logins by the end of today.  Thanks  Cara Semperger West Power Scheduling Supervisor Enron North America 503/464-3814 
 stuff you may need to know , any oati stuff you can e-mail support@oatiinc.com 
 I have been told today that these folks will have to do all of our scheduling as of Monday, they are being trained today but will have to have working logins patterned after Donald Robinson by the end of business today.  Serena Bishop ( I do not know what she has access to, she was the California scheduler) Mike Purcell (already has access to some things, but please check his access)  If this cannot be done, please call Murray O'Neil asap.  His Cell is 503-702-9846 
 We are going to plan on being there for the Enron schedulers, until they are ready to fly solo 
 UM ,  NOBODY IS TRAINED HERE, WE HAVE HAD EXACTLY ONE DAY'S NOTICE TO PULL THIS TOGETHER! 
 I agree with that when I look at the sheets 
 We are all relieved to hear that Alan!   I am glad you have come to the goo= d side of the force.  :)  C 
 Good Afternoon,  Lots of difficulty getting good information today, please call asap if there is a problem  Cara  503/464-3814 
 Got this error    <Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)> 
 Not always feeling better.  I am very sore today 
 Tim,  I just want to tell you how much I respect and admire how you have handled this situation. It is not lost on many of us that we owe not only our bonuses but also our jobs to you personally.  I am glad to be part of the new crew, and wanted you to know that I am grateful for all of your efforts on my behalf over the years. It is not often that an assistant is given the opportunities to advance that I was given.  Thank you.  Cara 
   These are the open positions for the Month of February. This is the best way to see our obligations. 
 Good Afternoon Sweeite,  I have my new driver's license and my divorce papers to change my name over to just plain Cara Freeland.  Do I send them to you or what do I do?   also-  Have you heard if parking or Tri-met will be subsidized at all in the New World Order?   Lemmie Know,   Cara Freeland 
 You are so cute!  Next time you work a day shift, call me and we will go have coffee and Iwill give you all the sordid details of my divorce and my now nearly 7 week stand.  Juicy juicy stuff! 
 Hi Honey,  I hope you are having a good day, I sure enjoyed playing a bit this morning. (Although I had a little bout of blue bush) I just love having you around all the time.  I don't want turkey for dinner, and since it's payday, I wanna take us out to dinner. Where would you like to go?  Or we can be turds again tonight and to to YOKO's tomorrow, or whatever.  I am suddenly actually busy figuring out the estate VS the newcompany stuff, it is fun to be busy and needed.  I love you very much and can't wait to see you tonight to show you the new license!  Love,  Cara Freeland 
 Thanks for your addy, it was so good to hear your little voice yesterday! Things are sure different here, Mark and Tom are not staying, Holden is in real time, and possibly Mallory will trade the SW.  I miss YOU!  Cara-poo 
 Donald will be helping you with that, he has taken over the NW now for Feb.  Thanks,  Cara Semperger West Power Scheduling Supervisor Enron North America 503/464-3814 
 THANKYOU THANK YOU THANKYOUTHANKYOU  YOU ARE THE QUEEN OF HR! 
 Bill and I are considering having Real time do the EPE preschedules since they are the ones that live and die by them anyway.  That way you would be released from that burden and any errors would be all on the ownership of RT. 
 Hi Sweetie,  Hopefully the visit to the Dr won't be that bad, do you want me to come hold your hand? (That would be pushing the envelope on intimacy, eh?) I saw a wrapper in the trash this morning and was sad to see it there. You need to fix that ( or those as it were). Please let me know what the dr. says.  The movie sounds good, but we will see how tired you are when you get home.  I wouldn't mind laying around like a turd this evening either. I need to vacuum but that is all.  I love you, and am so glad that I make you happy. I want us to be happy together for many years to come. I still feel like the luckiest woman in the world, to have such a caring and loving man in my life so suddenly.  See you tonight,  C 
 Let me know if your stuff does not pull in correctly from Enpower or you have any other problems.  Thanks! 
 I miss you and am wonderin how you are faring in the working world.   I have been checking in on the Riley photo site, she just gets more beautiful every day.  Dave and I have signed papers and are final, now I am just waiting for the house to sell.  I have already found another place to live, and have an offer on it based on the sale of my house.  I love you and hope to hear from you soon.  Cara 
 Can you tell me if we are having subsidized parking and bus passes?  If not, I need to plan ahead.  Thanks,  C 
 Good Morning,  These are the positions that I see for February, please take a look at them and let me know if you agree or not.    Thanks,  C 
 Good Morning,  Please look at this sheet and see if you agree with what I have done, e-mail me or call me at 877-464-7779.  Any of our schedulers can look at this and help you.    Thanks,  Cara Semperger West Power Scheduling Supervisor Enron North America 503/464-3814 
 I was able to login to the main platform of Enpower under csemper, but not able to run psw or deal entry.  However, I was able to login as drobins and run things.  Please do what you can to get my login fixed today if possible. I will use Donald's login as a workaround.  Thanks,  Cara 
 I tried to login with the est_csemper id in estate enpower, and was denied login 
 Hi Dear Man,  I feel the same way that you do, I feel like you are a gift that the universe has given to me. You are such a rare and special man. I love being with you and having fun with you, I love your tenderness and your competitiveness and your sense of humor.  What did I ever do to deserve you!  If we aren't too tired tonight, let's go poke around a store or something. Maybe linens and things to look for kitchen stuff??  We are going to have such fun together.  I love you,  CF 
 Good Morning Honey,  I didn't really sleep well last night, so I am tired and cranky today. However, the feeling of RFP is something to grin about. Today I am tying out our February positions with the traders so that they can pre-pay their trades for scheduling Feb 1.  Just spreadsheet and number crunching stuff.  You are so important to me, I can't hardly articulate how much you mean to me. I love you and am so proud and happy to be yours. I can't wait till we share a home and I am 'out' to my family.  I want to tell them, "this is done" not "this is what I am going to do".  I love waking up in your arms and feeling your kisses first thing in the morning. The sleep thing will work itself out, I am not worried about it.  I am looking forward to forever with you.  Love,  CF 
 Hi Sweetheart,  The trip and all really took it out of me, I am taking off for home now, looking at a little nap action and then if I feel good start packing.  I love you and will see you this after noon.  Don't work my man too hard, but I will rub your feet when you get home if you do!  Love,  CF 
 What did she say? 
 Please drop by when you can.  I get into regular Enpower but when I try to get into preschedule workspace I get an errr 
 Hi Baby,  The movie sounds good, nice and creepy! I am going to leave here around noon again ( such a slave ) and go home and work on packing. I can meet you at work or we can leave from the house when you get there.  I love you, I can't tell you how my heart leapt for joy when I saw your face again. I just wanted to hold on to you forever. Those 2 romps were not bad either! ;)  See you tonight, hope you get it all built today.  Love,  CF 
 Mine is all done, whiz quiz completed and Paperwork given to Gabrielle  Thanks.  Does this mean that the final stuff is done and we are all locked in for UBS? I understood that there was one final thing to happen before we were officially 'done'  C 
 Hi My Love,  I have told Sylvia and Cheri about you, and how important you are to me. Phase 1 is complete!  I am leaving in a few minutes for Bandon, and will drive sooooo carefully that it will become the stuff of legend.  I miss you already, it's going to be a long lonely weekend without you!  But I will see you on Sunday, and you are a DEAD MAN! ;)  I love you,  Cara  P.S. Don't cheat on your cards................................ :)      xoxo 
 I love you    C      xoxo 
 I got all my stuff signed and done yesterday, so I am now Cara Freeland.  I want to get changed over ASAP in the system.  Thanks for your help, support, and kind wishes. You are among the very small group that I consider real friends.  Thanks,  Cara Freeland 
 just come get me when you are ready, but I don't normally hang out all day 
 I want to go to the 10 am meeting, as I am Cara Freeland now.  My divorce papers were all done yesterday, and I will have final copies to you guys for your records in a month or so.  Cara 
 When you get the chance  Thanks  C 
 k thanks 
 When you get a moment 
 Uh..........not when I came back to bed.  The score is now Craig 46,  Cara 21   LoL 
 Someone sent this to me, it seemed appropriate!  Subject: Pfthhhhhhhh Football    An old man and his wife have gone to bed. After laying there a few minutes the old man farts and says, "Seven Points."  His wife rolls over and says, "What in the world was that?"  The old man replied, "It's fart football."  A few minutes later the wife lets one go and says, "Touchdown, tie score."  After about five minutes the old man farts again and says, "Touchdown, I'm ahead 14 to 7."  Not to be out done the wife rips another one and says, "Touchdown, tie score."  Five seconds go by and she lets out a squeaker and says, "Field goal, I lead 17 to 14."  Now the pressure's on and the old man refuses to get beat by his wife so he strains real hard but to no avail. Realizing a defeat is totally unacceptable, he gives it everything he has, but instead of farting, he poops the bed.  The wife looks at him and says, "What the hell was that?"  And the old man replied, "Half-time, Switch sides." 
 Good Morning Honey,  I wish that I could have pulled it together enough to get up with you and take care of you this morning, I really missed that.  Thank you for waking me up and giving me kisses and love. It was a sweet way to start the day.  Today there is a meeting from UBS, in about 10 minutes. I wonder what will be said. I will let you know everything.  On the way to work I was thinking about us planning for our home. I love the sound of our home. I hated seeing all of your stuff packed away today, I like snuggling with your pillows when you have gone to work. Soon we will both just be home.  Hopefully I will be all done with my bullshit in time to meet you at the grotto before going to Stanfords, but if not I will meet you there at 6. If I make it to the grotto by 5, will that be enough time for you to pick them up as well?  I am calling the doctor when his office opens to complain about the medication. I hope he gives me some more meds, but he might tell me just to hang in there until the new lower level is stabilized.  Last night was wonderful, each time we are together I find something new to enjoy. I love being with you, holding you and feeling all of your touches and caresses. You make me so happy, an