 Hey, I hear you want an M5  (I know, crazy timing), but mine was just delivered today, and I'm not taking it--I think I'm going to get a new 7 instead.  Do you want it?  Jeff 
 Tom, go over and help Don. 
 thanks.  there is a mgmt. committee mtg at 11 am.  While I'm out, please be on don like you know what to find out where we are.  Jeff 
 I can't find you guys over here. 
 Hi Donnis  I hope things have been well with you.  I would like an idea of when you will be repaying me the $11,500 you've borrowed.  Regards,  Jeff 
 Bank of America and Sempra have traded with us online today.  Also, Morgan Stanley has called us and wants out of all long dated trades.  With morgan, we primarily have only financial trades, and will charge them to get out.  No cash out the door on these. 
 no, I'll have IT check on my side. 
 Thanks guys.  Any ideas? 
 Hi guys,  I've had a cancellation for tomorrow's intereviews at Wharton and was hoping you guys could fill in.  Please let me and Michele Nezi Marvin know as soon as you can either way.  Thanks.   Jeff 
 who is there now, and do you have a list of grads, or others who have interviewed in the past? 
 Hi Robert,  I could not open the file.  What are you interested in doing?  Jeff 
 where is the rest of the file? 
 for the time being, Ray is still going to run it. 
 Bill, yesterday you said you guys would email Con Agra's physical crude position for November.  I do not have it.  Jeff 
 If the interviews are 2 on one, then I'm ok with only one interviewer.  Remind me to look around on monday. 
 Hi everyone  I now have a second email address that should be used for all non Enron emails.  Please use jeffshankman@hotmail.com.  I hope you all are well, and I'm sure I'll be in touch shortly.  Best regards,  Jeff 
 Take a look. Sorry, you are on the list. 
 Hi Kim,  I have not received the salto yet.  can I get an update? please send it to my home.  best regards....Jeff 
 Hi Betsy,  Sorry for the delay.  What are you interested in doing?  Jeff 
 I know you didn't forget!  Yes, there is a LOT. 
 tomorrow is my last day.  Use jeffshankman@hotmail.com  Wacky world indeed.  J 
 yes, I know him and will call now.  Jeff 
 Hi Carole,  I won't be able to make it to NYC this week.  How could I put a reserve on it?  How would you feel about sending it to me on approval?  If not, what other ideas do you have?  Hope you had a great weekend....  Jeff 
 nice 
 can you find out where this is?  thanks. 
 hey bubbie,  hope you're better than me.  I am planning on beign in NYC somethime next week.  when are you around?  Jeff 
 Hi Guys,  I tried checking the tracking number, and it doesn't appear to be a valid number.  Can you check the number and send it to me so I can check.  Thanks...Jeff 
 Alan, where is the special narrative of my EEL board membership.  Should I resign from all of these companies immediately?  Jeff 
 can you come right now? 
 yes, last week, and I am going to be calling him again this afternoon.  How's it going? 
 please approve today 
 please print out now, let me look and approve today. 
 is this in the rolodex 
 please take care of this. 
 Yes, I'll send the check tomorrow.  Send all the pictures you have.  How low is the bench?  The Mies chairs I was asking about are the very classic chairs shown everywhere.  The back and seat chrome legs intersect and form a curvy X.  (How's that for description?)  Jeff 
 Thanks for the note.  You have no idea how awful this is.  I hope no one I know (like) ever has to go through this.  I'm thinking about making the dragofly table a gift to the MFA, Houston, where is was just exhibited for 2 months in the Defining Modern show.  What would  you appraise the value as?  (Approximately, and of course I know it's not anything close to a fomal apprasail?)  Also, I've had 2 people approach me about selling it outright.  Any ideas?  Hugs.  Jeff 
 thanks.  I sent this to credit.  keep me updated. 
 I don't really know him.  I'm not sure he is the king, but I'll ask around.   Jeff 
 if I were a rich man....  or  I'll call you later. 
 Sorry for not responding earlier.  I'll give you a call tomorrow--I have no time for anything these days.  I'm off to tokyo sat for 5 days to meet with Tom Foley (former house speaker) and others.  Freak show on the business front.  How about you?  The wife?  does she have any sisters or friends?  hugs,  Jeff    "Ben Macklowe" <Ben@macklowegallery.com> 02/26/2001 05:14 PM 
 please put on calendar. 
 Jeff, I understand you've been getting pricing from our crude/diesel traders for some of your transportation work.  Please do not go directly to the traders, rather the structuring desk.  Also, please coordinate your activites with Dan Reck who is running Enron Freight, dealing with all trucking and rail issues.  We are acquiring a company that has relationships with many of the customers you've pitched.  In most cases, we have been covering many of these customers from the energy side already.  Thanks for your cooperation  Jeff 
 we need to proceed with pricing this, but let's help these guys understand.   Merritt Thomas                09/29/2000 05:27 AM 
 John, he did well with the gas guys, so lets make him an offer.  Get with m= e=20 and we'll go over the offer.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 will you follow up.  thanks. 
 please put on calendar 
 I haven't seen this yet.  any update? 
 I think doing a EGM only prc is probably the right way to go.  We will need to do a good job (and have the ability to cross calibrate) understanding the other business units performance as well.  Jeff    Enron North America Corp. 
 print 
 what am i doing this day. 
 please get on calendar 
 Hey, call me on this kid.  He is the next king for you.  I met him at Wharton.  Jeff 
 please print 
 Thanks for your interest.  Of course I remember our conversation.  By now I'm sure you know you are on our interview list.  (If I told you prematurely, use it to your advantage somehow with your friends.)  I've contacted one of our head broadband marketers to set up an introduction, and see where this goes. It's a great idea, and you should hear back from me shortly, when David responds to me call.  Best regards,  Jeff  P.S.  Please call me Jeff--I'm not some grey haired old dude, but I appreciated your being professional in your first email to me. 
 I'm not sure that thor understands dollars flowing with risk.  What should we do with him? 
 Per's call.  ask him.  Jeff 
 please print.  also make a folder for enron india.  thanks. 
 get pavel involved if you need help.  thanks.  jeff 
 thanks for the email.  keep me updated on this.  Jeff 
 coordinate with joe hirl 
 print this and i need a folder titled ARA Coal Summary 
 print this 
 print all of this. 
 FYI.  Jeff 
 We need to get joe hirl, and mark haedicke involved in this.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 please print 
 I'll let my parents (Dr. and Mrs. Larry  (Carole) Goldberg) know.  Thanks very much.  Jeff 
 probably not, but thanks.  Jeff    Enron North America Corp. 
 Our analysts were covered during the summer, weren't they?  Why not use whomever was used then.  I thought you were going to change the A/A review process from mid year, since that was a disaster by most accounts. 
 We had submitted a list of PRC reps already.  Who is currentlyreviewing, and are you using the same format as midyear, and how many people do you need? 
 great, I'm glad the intro helped.  He is very pro business and is excellent. Let me know if you need anything else.  Jeff    David Hoog 02/02/2001 02:40 PM 
 Hi, thanks for the update.  Per was in Houston last week,  and I've asked him to get with you soon.  Please call him (he should be expecting your call) at our office in NY at.   212-702-3910.  Would you also like to come to houston for a visit and interview?   Jeff    Nathaniel Jeppson <Njeppson@ALLENCO.COM> 02/02/2001 06:20 PM 
 Please expect a phone call from him.  He's in ny and a great guy.  Could you please do an informational interview in the office and see if there is anything EGM could have him do.  He is also going to speak with Jeff Donahue.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Sorry for the delay in getting back to you about my friend saar at goldman sachs.  he recently moved departments, and I will get you relevant data shortly.  regards. Jeff 
 Thanks.  I'll be away for a couple of days and will get with you next week.    RusAmArts@aol.com 01/31/2001 05:06 PM 
 Thanks.  I'll be away for a few days, and get back with you next week.  Jeff    RusAmArts@aol.com 01/31/2001 05:06 PM 
 yes, i got the fax.  what are you interested in doing?    RusAmArts@aol.com 01/31/2001 03:15 PM 
 J.B.  please print.  J.F.  are you on the distribution, and is this linked to the fundy page? 
 All of your concerns are valid, and I too would like to work through them with you.  As info, Mike will be over in two weeks.  Organizationally, strategically, talent, and back office--we will get there.  Who particularly are you worried about.  As far as your situation, let's talk numbers.  I'd like you to believe that trading, and management, particularly your leadership, will pay off for you.  Later....Jeff    Chris Mahoney 01/31/2001 03:02 PM 
 huh 
 don't forget to call mcmahon and give him a little grief.  Ray told me this was all Jeff M.'s doing. 
 Hear Ye, Hear Ye, Congratulations, Carole Goldberg of Camp Safety of Louisville in Louisville, your remaining balance of $10,000 has been waived by the credit committee! Best of Luck, Ed McMahon Jeff Shankman 
 Great news for Kara and Scott.  Give them my best....Jeff    Lisa Yoho@ENRON 01/31/2001 11:02 AM 
 Please adjust accordingly.  Thanks.  Jeff    Shanna Funkhouser@ENRON 01/31/2001 09:46 AM 
 please print 
 sure, wed is better.    David Hoog 01/30/2001 04:14 PM 
 Come on.  You should come to the tuesday traders' meeting.  they've been really good. In 3321 4-5 each tuesday. I'll bring over a copy of the current book we are reading as enticement. It's not a corvette, but it's a good book. 
 sorry for the confusion.  my asst. printed it out and didn't print the orig email.  can you resend it.  thanks.    RusAmArts@aol.com 01/30/2001 09:46 AM 
 Unfortunately, I will not be able to attend.  Thanks.  Jeff Shankman    membership <mgalicki@menil.org> 02/23/2001 10:10 AM Please respond to mgalicki 
 this was the guy that hired fred d'ambrosia back to enron after he was terminated for cause.  a.g. is an ok guy but i'm not in love.  i would however put him through the interview process.  i'll follow up.    Mike McConnell 01/30/2001 06:54 AM 
 Just to put me over the edge, I got a phone call last week from one of the gas trading h.r. people with respect to robin menear.  she was listed as commercial support (still) and when I hired her last year, it was as a commercial manager.  Your boy Brad McSherry didn't fix her class, even though this was a problem at mid year as well.   Of course he told me it had been taken care of, but Hunter Shively showed up in my office last week to go over her history, and what my intent was when i hired her.  he too was involved in the hiring decision.  Shall i do brad's termination, or will you. 
 WHAT is this? 
 two things.  first, my friend at Nickelodeon wants to know more about your kids books  (he also sees a need for a spanish language group of kids books).   second, I    Alma Martinez/ENRON@enronXgate 01/29/2001 04:11 PM 
 Hey, I have an idea......    Alma Martinez/ENRON@enronXgate 01/29/2001 02:21 PM 
 I'll set him up on an interview schedule.  Thanks.  Jeff    Vince J Kaminski 01/29/2001 04:01 PM 
 excellent.  I'm working with the crude boys here to do the same thing with crude for you boys. Jeff    brian.manolis@americas.bnpparibas.com 01/29/2001 03:19 PM 
 If I had another superbowl party that showed movies instead, and good food was served, would you come?    Alma Martinez/ENRON@enronXgate 01/29/2001 02:21 PM 
 I thought he was in the running for the President position, after Pat died. He phoned me today--did he indicate to you in what he is interested?  Jeff    Vince J Kaminski 01/29/2001 02:12 PM 
 Hi Chris, Give me a ring tomorrow (tuesday) morn when you get a second.  I'd like to go over a couple of things and need your input.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 thanks for the cd's.  forget the briefcase--i was hoping you would just by if for me.    Daniel Diamond 02/23/2001 03:45 AM 
 How was the weekend?  Mine was good--I met Dennis Hopper, the actor.  He is one cool dude.  I'm thinking about taking a long weekend vacation.  Where sounds fun? 
 FYI.  What do you think? 
 Let's get together on this in the next couple of days.  Thanks.  Jeff    Stinson Gibner 01/29/2001 12:10 PM 
 fyi 
 Both Stuart Staley,and Dan Reck are being moved to $175k base each.  In looking across our vp. list, Mike and I felt like these are two of our top vp's, and we wanted to make an equity adjustment.  They are low at the vp level within ews.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 I need a report that shows new products and when they were added, in addition to this summary.  thanks.    Adam Johnson@ENRON 01/29/2001 11:29 AM 
 when we diverted the eco cargo, I saw we booked about $250k, and that eco made well over a million.  how come we are not getting any (much) of that value?    Pierre Aury 01/29/2001 10:49 AM 
 brignt and early--before 7.  NY was awsome.  and your weekend?    Alexandra Saler@EES 01/29/2001 07:53 AM 
 print, and get on distribution 
 same thing.  are you on the distribution list? 
 Clay, get with Nowlan to see who else should be put on this system.  You are missing products traders, and others who should be on this system.  Thanks. Jeff    Clayton Seigle 02/22/2001 04:24 PM 
 great summary.  could you delete any mention of our positions in the future? Thanks.  Jeff    Jez Peters 01/29/2001 09:03 AM 
 Thanks for the update.  On the potential issues side, what do you mean by weekly mark to market?  Don't you mean daily?    Doug Leach 01/29/2001 07:11 AM 
 can you get on this distribution and file weekly.  Thanks. 
 print 
 where is the email content?    Jennifer Fraser 01/29/2001 09:34 AM 
 Please keep Mike and I informed.  If there is anything we can do to help, please let us know.  They should be a very important customer for us.  John Nowlan also has info on them.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 please change my address in the enron system.  thanks.  Jeff 
 See you--have fun at your parties! 
 I'm generally around, but tomorrow night I have a black tie shindig beg. at 7 or so.  Who's birthday parties?    Alma Martinez@ENRON 01/26/2001 01:20 PM 
 I'm out of here by 3 today--if I don't hear from you, have a great weekend. (But we should have dinner sometime) 
 What about Adam Gross, Pavel Zhadorny, Mark Tawney?    Shawna Johnson@ENRON 02/22/2001 04:37 PM 
 Sorry about that before.  I'll not say anything.  Best  Jeff    "Scott A. Kushnick" <skush@swbell.net> 01/26/2001 12:48 PM 
 thanks for the update.  have you gotten a price?    Doug Leach 01/25/2001 09:40 AM 
 please print 
 Please address, and I'll check with Legal as well.  We typically only book deals when everything is signed off.  Jeff 
 please print 
 Yikes!  That girl's mother sounds like a real problem.  I'm not sure how I would have handled it.  How's school going?  Any plans for the weekend?    Alma Martinez@ENRON 01/26/2001 11:36 AM 
 Please send the memo to the EGM business heads as well. Thanks.  Jeff    Jana Giovannini 01/26/2001 10:51 AM 
 Where does our 50% (the 1.65 million dollars) show up?   Can you provide me with more details?  Great job, guys.    Eric Gonzales 01/25/2001 02:02 AM 
 Jen, please take care of this for  EGM 
 please print 
 Michelle,  Thanks for the quick turnaround on the draft contract for Dan Reck.  Mark Frevert, Mike Mcconnell and I had several conversations today about this issue.  I have left a detailed voice mail for Mark outlining the target amounts, and will wait to hear back from him (by tomorrow) before presenting this to Dan.  Regards,  Jeff 
 Hi there.  I've been out for 2 days.  I was driving home last night from the airport down 59, and I passed all sorts of emergency vehicles because of an explosing near.  Did you hear about it? 
 Thanks for the email.  Can you fax or email a  resume to me.  After I review, I'll reply with more info.  Regards,  Jeff    RusAmArts@aol.com 01/26/2001 10:40 AM 
 Congrats!.  Will get you involved.  Jeff    Cheryl Lipshutz 01/24/2001 05:44 PM 
 I knew you could.  I knew you could.  I knew you could.    caroleg2@bellsouth.net 01/25/2001 10:14 AM 
 I'll get with mike m.    George McClellan 01/24/2001 03:59 AM 
 bingo.  probably a little lounging as well    Jennifer Fraser 01/23/2001 06:13 PM 
 FYI. 
 can you tell i need to relax? 
 great, whatever you like.  what dates are good? 
 very interesting--did not know.  when should you and I go out? 
 Jennifer is my asst, and will be out tomorrow, as will I.  I will have her check first thing monday a.m. with mark's asst.  Jeff    "Guarino, Carlo (C)" <cguarino@dow.com> 02/22/2001 03:48 PM 
 I'm free until 4-- come up with my new CD!  I'm off to Phila tomorrow morn, and ny thurs morn and will be back thurs night. 
 In town, most of the time.  Is she ok?  (I didn't know about the Lara Liebman part, though) 
 Thanks for the update on the sell weekend.  It certainly sounds like there were positives and negatives.  Going forward, I would like the commercial team under my direction to plan all future sell weekends, and similar recruiting functions.  I did not get Skilling to agree to a $1,000,000 contribution to Wharton/Penn for us to not have a perfectly seamless weekend.  We all agree to the strategic importance of Univ of Penn, and we are not going to blow it, or appear to blow it.  I would like the Recruiting function and Commercial function to coordinate all logistics, etc., however, given this was one of the worst sell weekends I have seen Enron put together, we all need to get together and come up with specific plans on who will be accountable for specific parts of the weekend.  If anyone was hanging out in their hotel rooms, we were not doing our jobs, and I will take all responsibility going forward.  I appreciate everyone's support and cooperation.  Jeff 
 Did you see the second austin powers movie?  I just had lunch and I feel like Fat Bastard. 
 What a fun weekend!  Mine was a little boring.  Did you dance at the club before or after you ate all those burgers?  How's the pooch? 
 Howdy...How long has it been?  When are we going out?  How's everything up there? 
 Let's make sure she gets an offer.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 I saw him this morn, and asked if he called you.  call him tomorrow or thurs, and i'll follow up...... 
 ok, i'm laughing, thanks.  but NOW you get it! 
 you are a june birthday right?  i'm may, and  i don't think i'm a dragon--it's done by birth year, no relation to zodiac.  still checking... 
 Joe,  Saar Banin's work number in the UK at Goldman is 0207 774 6181.  He had been in metals for them for some time, and just moved over to gas and power (in the UK)  He's an aggressive, smart guy who I've known for 10 years.  Top notch.  Hope all is well  Jeff  PS  has Doug Rottenburg been calling anyone over there?  We haven't heard a sound from him..... 
 i do not manage an eol stack. 
 I'm an 8 of clubs, and a gemini; checking on the chinese animal sign 
 hmmm. hadn't crossed  my mind........my dinner tonight just got cancelled! how about a walk/run/abroller marathon tonight?  drinks after. 
 i'm ready to go.  however, will this new system give a slower connect to eol, etc? 
 oh, i forgot to point out one more thing.  aren't you a dragon and mark a dog?  should i call the ghostbusters?  ok, i'll stop 
 was that last email the rudest thing i've ever said?  so sorry...... 
 so i had dinner with a college student.  could you break up with mark and date me?  that would be very helpful.  I really don't want to hear about someone's major for god sakes. should i put myself on ebay? 
 please print 
 offer away.  thanks. 
 fyi 
 Clay, please add the rest of the crude team to crude specific alerts. Thanks.  Also, can we set up an instant messenger system for these guys? Jeff    Clayton Seigle 02/22/2001 01:08 PM 
 put on calendar 
 Oh my god--so much desire to run, but i have a dinner tonight--my last since it's time to get into shape.  Maybe I'll wire my jaws shut.  If my dinner is with a 19 yr old, I'm going to take the fork and poke holes in myself.  (That was my dream) I'll tell you about it tomorrow... 
 did you call earlier today? 
 How was your weekend? 
 Absolutely OK to send me a resume on any good person.  Also thanks for the update on the new car.  My dilemma is that I need a bigger car to carry anything, as you know the porsche isn't the most conducive car for such activity.  I'll probably be in before early 2002, as such. Best regards,  Jeff 
 good job on getting him.  Jeff 
 Please take dave botchlett off the distribution.  he is no longer with the company.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Where is my LNG map? 
 Right.  Sorry for the confusion 
 I can not open this file.  Jeff 
 Are the amounts below you've outlined (in tons) significant in this market, and in their local markets?  Jeff    Robert Johnston 02/26/2001 01:33 PM 
 Cool.  They sell their music CD's at the front desk.  They may even have two out.  Would you mind picking them up for me?  I'll pay you back, I promise. If you have time, check out the gym/pool/message in the basement of the hotel--it's great.  Also try to get a room overlooking the interior courtyard, and don't change money at the hotel--they'll bend you as only the french can. Have a great time.....and definitely hang out in the lounge of the hotel. Jeff.  PS, would you mind swinging over to the Hermes and pick me up a briefcase?--they're about $5,000 or so.  Great, thanks.    Daniel Diamond 02/22/2001 12:42 PM 
 why was I on the distribution list? 
 where is the hard copy of this?  I need it today to review with skilling. also on the from line, please make it from george and myself.  Jeff 
 huh? 
 make it so.  who is this shawna johnson person? 
 I'll work with sarah in coming up with the final list    Enron North America Corp. 
 launch jeff, and I'll let you decide who else really needs to be there. 
 do we need jeff snyder? 
 Do we really need 7 people to attend this event?    Enron North America Corp. 
 Great.  If not, have a great weekend.  (Do you want me to send you that calculator I was telling you about?) 
 I'm out of here at 4.  I'll have my cell on. 
 FYI 
 I just wanted to thank you for your continued work on the liquids desk with respect to the RAC issues we face.  Mike Mcconnell and I are committed to growing this business and making it extremely successful, and seamless.  Your input is valuable and it helps me quite a bit.  Jeff 
 No problem about the book!  I'm sure it's a fun chew toy.  So it sounds like school is keeping you busy.  Let me know when you want to talk to my friend at Continental. I'm so tired from work--I'm going to watch a couple of movies tonight at home--the media room is all done with carpet, etc.  If you want to come over and watch movies and maybe eat that would be great.  Tomorrow I have friends in from out to town, a dinner on sunday for work, and I may be in London most of next week... 
 As we continue with the India LNG issues, and grow the fundamentals research capabilities, I need a "map of the world" showing all LNG producers, and the specs of the product they produce, and all of the receiving terminals (demand side) in the world that match up with those specs of the producers.  (In a nutshell, what can go where)  Can I get this ASAP?  Thanks  Jeff 
 Hi  Thor, hope you are well.  I wanted to invite you personally to our offsite as someone who is a country manager in a region in which EGM does business.  Your insight into the region, and products will be helpful to our businesses.  Thanks for your support.  Jeff 
 please print all of this. 
 Are you on this distribution?  If not, please get on it. 
 Thanks for the email.  I was out of the office yesterday.  I'd be happy to talk anytime.  During the day, after 2 pm.  At home in the evening anytime.  Jeff 
 please print 
 If you've had a corp fin class about int rates, bonds, etc, I'd take the Funding Investments class. Have a great weekend.  Jeff 
 I'll phone Jeff today.  I think he was at some management deal.  Let me know by Tuesday if you have not heard.  I leave for london tues. eve. and will be back fri.  Best,  Jeff 
 You are right, let's just do a contract.  I'll put one together.  Jeff    Sarah Mulholland 02/22/2001 07:08 AM 
 He's a great guy.  Would you mind following up with him soon?  I appreciate it.  Jeff 
 Unfortunately I will not be able to attend.  I will be in London.  Regards Jeff 
 FYI 
 My sister was in town yesterday, so I took the day off.  Yes, let's.  When? 
 5 bedrooms for a millsky? 
 Hey there.  how's it going?  I have a calculator for you that will show you how much your payments would be if you buy I house.  I'll show you how to use it--it's really easy. 
 Take a look at this photo.  This example was just shown in the Tate gallery in london. 
 FYI 
 yes, i've been in it for a month, and will have you guys over soon. 
 Unfortunately, I cannot attend the meetings at noon.  Jeff 
 Could you also include the following to all presenters:  Also, as part of your presentations, Mike and I would like each of you to identify 3 to 5 companies that we are not currently doing business, but should be.  (Sorry for the second email, Cathy) 
 No, I don't have that CD.  Can I crank it up so loud in my house, and piss off the neighbors?  I was out til about 11:30 last night.  (another two shift evening).  I'm pretty close  to the point where I can't drink after 10 ish on a school night.  Then, my neighbors house alarm went off for over 1/2 hour at 2:30.  Of course i called the police.  So i didn't wag my butt out of bed til 7:30. So first party may be feb 24.  any thoughts? I'd forward an email that has gone around a few times about your dad's girly friend, only then letting her know she's invited.  maybe tell her the wrong time.  When are you off to san fran?  I have a wallet i'm trying to have made out there at some stuffy, but cool store off union square. 
 Thanks for the updates.  They are great.  I have a question about confirmation process.  How many votes in the Senate are needed to confirm. The Dems are saying they may try to indefinitely delay hearings on Ashcroft. How so? 
 Thanks for participating in the first Traders' Roundtable.  If you have not read "When Genius Failed" by Roger Lowenstein about the rise and fall of Long Term Capital, I have copies--swing by and Jennifer will get you one.  It is a great read.  You will get a memo this week about the next meeting.  Jeff  P.S.  Phillip, no bid for the PAllen house. 
 No you may not.......    Enron North America Corp. 
 Yes, we will ASSIST.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Name Address  Dear ______,  As requested, please find the enclosed pictures showing the damage to the Peter Shire Teapot shipped to me from Historical Design in New York City.  I have retatined all original packing, the box, and the Fed Ex slip, as well as the piece itself if you need further information.  I appreciate your speedy attention to this claim.  If I can be of further assistance, please call.  You may also reach Daniel Morris at Historical Design at (212) 593 4528 for more information as well.  Regards 
 FYI 
 With whom is this meeting?  I may be in London next week.  I'll keep you informed. 
 In order:  If the A/A program will pay, otherwise, get with my asst Jennifer, and she'll help you out with cost allocations. I have your pitcher, and will bring it to the office. I'll be happy to have you sit with some of the traders.  Any commodities in particular? I'll try to go to dinner--I may end up with a conflict.  Jeff 
 please run the following three simulations.  Crude books alone, the 24/7 book alone, and the two together.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Please get on this distribution if needed.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 yes 
 please print 
 please send a copy  of this letter to Pierre. 
 Thanks for your help.  Jeff 
 I can't open this file. 
 FYI.  Jeff 
 Great.  Have my asst set it up.  Jeff 
 Howdy, how's it going today? 
 Sorry bubbie, it's been a freas show here.  No time to talk, but I will attend to the invoices immediately. 
 Great.  Thanks.    Jeff 
 Something else you may consider as a topic for our April/May meeting:  have you guys looked at outsourcing your entire energy needs (gas and power in particular).  We have been very successful in helping customers save quite a bit of money on their energy expense, and as you see in today's power and gas markets, that can be extremely valuable...  Best,  Jeff    "Guarino, Carlo (C)" <cguarino@dow.com> 02/21/2001 03:13 PM 
 what is his bonus?  I have not seen him on the exception sheet.  same for russel dyke. 
 I'd love to.  When is good? 
 Sorry.  First one is the 16th. 
 please correct date. 
 As mentioned during the fourth quarter, Gary and I would like to begin regular meetings of our Trader's Roundtable.  The ideas generated from this group should be longer term trading opportunities for Enron covering the markets we manage.  In addition, this forum will provide for cross commodity education, insight into many areas of Enron's businesses, and promote aggressive ideas.  Each week, we'll summarize commodity trading activity, and provide an open forum for discussion.  Your input is valuable, and we've limited this group to our most experienced traders, and would appreciate regular participation. Our first meeting will be Tuesday, January 9 at 4:00pm in EB3321.   Jeff & Gary 
 Unsolicited from George.  FYI.  Jeff 
 surebehappyto.setitupanytime 
 Excellent work.  Thanks for the update.  Jeff 
 Looks pretty cool 
 not to announce promos. 
 Cathy, can you send the following to everyone presenting at  the offsite  Please assess your hiring needs for 2001, and include that information in your 20 minute presentations.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 These are still good contacts, and I'm happy to approach them again. Thanks.   (for Mckinsey & Co. we should address Ron Hulme) 
 please address to the following people:  (see next email)  dont send until i see. 
 Has eric gonzales been invited.  I would like him to be 
 fax will be sent today    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 Thanks for keeping Mike and I informed as well.  This is a huge project for us, potentially.  Regards  Jeff 
 Sarah, Let's get her an interview schedule if you think it's worthwhile  Thanks.  Jeff 
 However, I'm sure your french is 3000 times better than mine.  I'm planning a trip to paris at end of jan beg. of feb, by the way.  It really is the best city in the world to visit    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 I have forwarded your info to both Philippe Bibi, CEO of Enron Networks--the group responsible for our Enron Online site, and to Ray Bowen, COO of Enron Industrial Markets--the group responsible for paper/pulp.  Best Regards,  Jeff 
 who is this 
 put on calendar 
 can you put pierre's letter below on my letterhead--and I'll edit after. 
 Be happy to.  I may take the liberty of a little word-smithing if you don't mind.  (and will show it to you before i send it) I should be over within the next 4 weeks. Regards. Jeff    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 please print 
 Do I need to show you where in my house my study is?  (2nd floor of the=20 house)  Also, will I be able to get email while travelling, etc? 
 Huh? 
 Yes, yes, yes.  When would be helpful, bubbie. 
 I think I'm ready to make Ross a marketer.  What do you think? 
 absolutely.  plus it's a great selling point for us to have an opportunity in NY. 
 Please print 
 I test drove Range Rovers Saturday--what do you think abour colors? 
 this reply email has 2 words too many. 
 When I got home at 2:15 am, I remebered how much I love the PRC.  (oops, sorry, I just had to wipe off the keyboard--my brains were on it) 
 Hi--the deal sucks, and my head is pounding....Oh, I still remember your home number--no reason to leave it on the machine (email smily face thing) 
 Hope you're well.  I'll be over sometime this quarter.  Of course the new house isn't furnished yet.  Who has time to go the grocery store? The hotel is the Hotel Costes on the Foubourg (sp?) St. Honore.  It's muy bueno.  Please, let's not telll the world about this gem.   Merritt Thomas                01/09/2001 03:07 AM 
 please kill this 
 see if you can get me on the wednesday schedule instead.  thanks. 
 I'd agree with you on this.  Let's not confuse our purpose for being down there.   Also,  I'm trying to get Mike to go in my place. 
 print and file.  discard the one I just gave you. 
 Jennifer:  put on calendar.  Eric: do you want to attend?  Thanks. 
 Please print 
 please print and put on calendar.  remind me of this at the end of jan. thanks. 
 print 
 fyi 
 fyi 
 How could I leave Tx?    Where are you looking for a house? That's exciting! I'll start shopping for a house warming gift! 
 print 
 We must work on the housewarming!  I decided best to do it with no furniture.  Early Feb I think.  N.O. sounds great.  Have I mentioned my head may explode and that the video will be on "Amazing Home Videos" on the WB? 
 FYI 
 Please address 
 print 
 thanks for the note, as I did not know there was a meeting tonight.  I saw the show this passed weekend, and will try to make it tonight.  Jeff    geresj@tdusa.com 02/26/2001 04:05 PM 
 Please print 
 I was in La Madel. this morning  (Sun) having coffee and juice, and I thought for SURE I was going to see you there! 
 I called Jeff Donahue for you regarding a rotation in EBS.  Let me know if you don't hear from him this week.  See you.  Jeff 
 Thanks for the update.  I asked John Nowlan to give you a ring several weeks ago, and spend time with you.  Can you let me know if he got in touch with you?  Regards  Jeff 
 Schedule me out Jan 18, since my sister will be in town.  Also, what is this meeting, Tuesday Jan at 1 pm. Cross Commodity products? 
 Please schedule a meeting about the Dhabol LNG contracts with the following for wed or thurs.  Mark Haedicke, Mike Mcconnell (if avail), Vince Kaminski. Thanks.  Jeff 
 I think Prebon is out of the business, largely.  Have you checked with John Nowlan regarding which brokers he would suggest?  I'm not sure PVM is the right broker for all of our crude needs.  What about United?  Thanks. 
 Did you ever call him? 
 This is a tremendous 1980 example of a large Deborah Butterfield.  I think it would be worth seriously considering.... 
 hi there.  obedience school for the pup is a must.  max and chloe are moving to connecticut tomorrow..  how's everything? 
 put on calendar.  thanks. 
 Can you include Bill White, Pavel Z, Rob Fuller, Chris Mahoney, Niamh Clarke, and the rest of the crude team on this types of reports.  Thanks.  Jeff    Clayton Seigle 02/21/2001 10:55 AM 
 FYI  Jeff 
 thanks for the update.  I also need the adgas contract.  I have the oman contract and the vessel (mitsui charter)  any other contracts you can provide is crucial, and I'd like to get them monday.  Thanks.   Jeff 
 is this on the calendar 
 fyi 
 If you take out the 24/7 book, there was no var violation. 
 fine.  thanks.   Do you have copies of les annees 30 or 70? 
 I believe Greg W. is coming to talk to you today about this new business. Further to this, I'd like to ask again how I can get access to VAR  (I believe Lavorato and Sherriff have $5 million they each keep upstairs and allocate to their businesses as needed temporarily).  Is this a Board question, or do you have the authority to allocate this VAR to me?  On another note, I've been helping Bill Bradford with PGE exposure issues. If you too need my help, let me know.  Thanks for your help...  Jeff 
 yes me and mike.  thanks. 
 please take care of this 
 put on calendar 
 Very different hotels.  It is one of Paris' palace hotels right in the middle of of the city.  (near vendome and concorde area)  very central to all of paris.  costes is two minutes away, so both are great locations.  Big lobby, lots of gold, etc.  Great, but not as cool/hip as costes.  How's London and the marketing of the 24/7 product?    Daniel Diamond 02/21/2001 09:24 AM 
 Have a great evening--I'm out of here! 
 Thanks for all your help with Sempra.  Hard work, but certainly worth it.  On another note, Mike and I have discussed this $2 million issue with American Coal, and the interest rate hedge in the MPR.  Bottom line, we are not taking this hit.  It seems it was a problem with Treasury, so send it to them.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 sure.  is there anything specfic you'd like me to address.  what about a slide presentation--which I generally don't love, but we have some good ones around. 
 What do you think of this:  As mentioned during the fourth quarter, Gary and I would like to begin regular meetings of our Trader's Roundtable.  The ideas generated from this group should be longer term trading opportunities for Enron covering most of the markets we manage.  In addition, this forum will provide for cross commodity education, insight into many areas of Enron's businesses, and promote aggressive ideas.  Each week, we'll summarize commodity trading activity, and provide an open forum for discussion.  Your input is valuable, and we've limited this group to our most experienced traders, and would appreciate regular participation. Our first meeting will be Tuesday, January 9 at 4:00pm in room 3321. 
 As we begin our summer recruitment process, it is crucial that we continue to be aggressive in hiring all the best candidates.  As you know, Enron has committed over $1million during the next four years to University of Pennsylvania, and Wharton..  I want to make sure we don't limit ourselves in getting the Enron message out at Penn and Wharton by restriciting the number of summer employees.  I do not want to limit the number of people we hire for the summer.  In fact, I'd like to be as aggressive as possible.  I am operating under the notion that if we find 10 good people for which we have positions, we will offer all of them summer jobs.  I will not accept the notion of only 1 summer associate, and 1 or 2 summer ananlysts.  In addition, I'm concerned that the idea of giving associates $200 gift certificates is viewed as good one.  I'm not sure that is a good use of Enron's dollars, and would like to know what other events we are planning for the sell weekends.  Jeff 
 Please make sure there there is no P&L or position effect in the crude books with the new 24 hour EOL product.  Thanks. 
 Marc Horowitz no longer works at Enron.  Please delete him from distribution.  Also, Please add Jen Fraser 
 I'd like a schedule c (or any other schedule we have) update.  Also, how do we start to accrue for bonuses for 2001? 
 How's the pup? 
 Yes, how should I proceed? 
 I met with Carlo (as did several other Enron employees) last week and we are talking to them about a number of ideas.  One of which is detailed below (from them) and has technology and paper/lubmer points.  I believe Carlo from Dow will be calling you guys shortly.  Take a look at the attachment and you'll understand the points he's making that are relevant to your businesses.  Jeff 
 Did Jeff figure out finally that they stopped taping for the show "Survivor" a few months ago? 
 Why is she not being promoted down there, or staying within that organization??? 
 I thought you already had me at the dinner.  I think I'm available.  Check with Jennifer    Enron North America Corp. 
 please put on calendar 
 Thanks for the update.  In the US we have a non conforming DASH  (Deas Approval SHeet) that has to be signed by either Mike or me regardless of commitment.  I'd like you, Brent and Alan to determine the best way to standardize US and Europe DASH processes.  Mike or I will sign all EGM business worldwide.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 I think my head spun, then exploded.  Ditto on the busy part!  Trying to get Max and Chloe ready for their departure Friday, meeting with contractors, and work.  OY. 
 please work on this 
 long 50 Jan 02 110 calls. short 50 Jan 01 70 puts. 
 please print 
 please find out about this, and stop it's being sent to me everyday if I don't need this. 
 I have some real concerns over this contract Louise put together for Jonathan.  Shanna, can you check this out with Robert Jones.  I'd like to restructure this contract.  Jeff 
 Soon, soon, soon.  Last minute changes to the house.  I'll probably have a big open house within a couple of months, but I'll have you over sooner.  My dogs are moving to Connecticut Friday, so after then.  Congrats on a great year.  Jeff 
 I understand, however, each book you assign to a trader will have a line so you and I can follow the performance of each book/trader.  Ok if you want to take over arb books, but they (positions and p&l will be your responsibility and will be judged by performance--like any other book/trader) must be managed without the team approach of books prior.    The 1 million Var applies to the line next to Ross's name on the p&l sheets.  I don't know how many people trade that book, but I assume it is only ross.  If ross get's bulled up at every sign of snow in london, all the more reason to get a weather guy hired asap.  Small positions, and taking profit frequently is the key to turning this boat around.  Later,   Jeff 
 Unfortunately I cannot be there.  What about Grey Whalley?  (Even though he is Stanford) 
 Niamh Clarke, Chris Mahoney, and Per Sekse are in Enron Global Markets.  You have them in the wrong business units.  Thanks for correcting.  Jeff 
 Starting tomorrow, Jan 3, the London Distillates book run by Ross Koller will have a max var position of  $1 million.   Chris, please take care of this with Ross.  Thanks  Jeff 
 The US/UK Arbitrage book, the Finland Arbitrage book, and the Products Arbitrage book in Singapore have been shut down, and no positions are authorized to go into those books going forward.  In addition, all positions in those books must be pulled out as of today, and I want them removed from the P&L reports I get.  Also, we need to set up a separate book for the 24 hour, 4 cent wide EOL crude market.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 What's up with the ads for the NY times, WSJ, and FT?  (Crude and product traders)  Jeff 
 Let's send our a memo to deal makers, book admins, and business heads to remind everyone what the process should be regarding desk notification of big transactions/cash flows.  Why don't you take a stab at writing a memo, send it back to me, and I'll review.  Let's try to get it out this week.  Thanks. 
 I'm around 
 If he is interested in gas trading, send his info to lavorato    Enron North America Corp. 
 give me a call when you get a chance so we can address your bonus.  thanks. Jeff 
 What is the opportunity to look at Elba Island space in conjunction with the Dhabol supply contract?  That is, could we go to our LNG suppliers for India, and regotiate that contract and provide space for diverted cargoes if necessary.  Jim Hughes is spending his time figuring out what to do with Dhabol and any suggestions we have may be helpful.  Thanks. 
 Please address. 
 Mike and I have already seen his resume.  I know him from the gas market, and am going to take a pass on David.  Thanks.   Jeff 
 please print 
 what does he want to do, and what was his year end rating?    Enron North America Corp. 
 Sorry, you know how I like one word answers...When are you back?  There is a lot of info of the gas floor--ie handouts, that I'm not getting.  Your work is invaluable, and it is getting a lot of notice internally.  Good job. 
 Great. 
 For the roundtable:  Gas:  John Arnold, Phillip Allen, Mike Grigsby, maybe Hunter Shively Pwr:  Fletch Sturm, Rogers Hearndon, maybe Kevin Presto Oil:  John Nowlan, Bill White, maybe Adam Gross Coal/Emissions:  Kevin Mcgowan Equities:  Gary Hickerson, Michael Bradley Other:  Vince Kaminski, Jen Fraser  Have I left anyone off?  What do you think? 
 I've known her for some time, and interviewed her on the gas floor, and we didn't really have a fit.  I'm not sure what I'd do with her 
 sure--it's on its way... 
 please print 
 Should I send the book to your location? 
 send to lavorato for gas. 
 I have the book for you.  What is your location?  Are you crate training the pup?--I did and it is a great idea.  I have an extra crate if you need...they are pretty expensive so if you want you can have this one..... 
 Let's get together on this and have a conference call.  Thanks. 
 Do you guys get this? 
 I'm out of here.  Have a nice afternoon. 
 I was just thinking about API on eol.  Let's look into it  Jeff 
 again 
 will do.  What's the pups name? 
 How was the trip?  NY was great, but I got back so late, you wouldn't believe, I missed my flight to Jackson.  I was pissed. 
 please print 
 I have a book you should read--How to Raise a Puppy--by the Monks of New Skete.  These Monks have perfected the art of raising a dog--so they think--but the book is helpful.  I'm leaving at 1 ish. 
 thank you. 
 print please 
 Good luck in the new rotation.  Stay in touch.  Jeff 
 Please add Eric Gonzales--LNG, and Dan Reck--Transportation within EGM....  Thanks.  Jeff 
 I still don't understand the 4 million ENA issue.  Jeff 
 I will attend in person.  Jeff    Enron North America Corp. 
 please put in rolodex 
 print 
 you're doing a great job.  don't be rattled, I was going to ask you to assess someone, but I'm not ready to ask you yet. keep up the good work.  By the way, do you have a current resume so the trading track people can keep track of you.  I need one to get you in the program.    Sarah Mulholland 02/20/2001 11:56 AM 
 print 
 please make sure she knows you are my asst. 
 please print 
 please print 
 How was your holiday? 
 I do not need to interview the person selected for the weather group.  This person will also support europe gas/power, and costs split as such between organizations. 
 put on calendar 
 put this on the calendar 
 what is this for, and why is Mike Brown invited.  Jeff 
 Have a great holiday! 
 is this on the web site.  can you get on the distribution?  Thanks. 
 Thanks for the update. 
 FYI,  I bot 30 lots/month of propane from Adam May-Sept at 51 cents, also I bot 30/month May -Sept Nat gas from Arnold, and a couple of contracts/mo of socal basis to close the position out.  Please get the fill from arnold for gas, and make sure it shows up in my position report.  thanks.  Jeff 
 Take a look at these.  Jeff 
 so who is this girl?  Your friend Laura (and Jarrod) (and Heather) all know her and I think this was Jarrod and Heather's idea. 
 couldn't see it.  Have a great holiday.  Jeff 
 Larry Gagliardi has been with us for 6 months marketing EOL crude/products for 6 months and has signed up well over 50 customers according to Nowlan. He came from the crude and products broker TCT and knows the traders in the business.  He's our guy, and I want to expand his role in the group, as well. 
 Mike and I will not be available.  Can we move it to the end of next week, say thursday.  Jeff 
 I went to mia bella--and I think i'm with you on the dont' like it thought. I thought i was going to hurl on my hardwoods last night.  crashed about 10:30pm. I figure you all could come over for a glass of wine first (and I can show ms tobor the house) then head over.  My flight is at 9:40 pm tonight, and I haven't packed yet.  Unless you have another idea??????????? 
 How was bunko, or twister, is it? 
 who is the compensation team 
 Is this something you or Doug F., or someone should attend?  Jeff 
 print 
 great...my asst is jennifer burns at ext 39440.  thanks.  Jeff 
 no interest. 
 no interest.  I know him from the gas markets. 
 no interest. 
 My day has been a freak show....I'm sorry I missed the chanukah games--did you win all the gelt....which you will need if you are going to become a personal shopper...Have a great time tonight!  later 
 I just spoke with Matt Commons, and he is going to join enron, but didn't know of the additional sign on  (5k to 10k).  Also, he will be joining our finance area as his first rotation.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Will do.  Thanks for your help 
 Sorry it didn't work out between you and EGM, but I'm sure you made the right decision for you.  Best of luck.  Jeff 
 I'm going to NY late tomorrow night for the holiday party there, and then am going to wyoming to hang out for a few days, and I can't wait...I'd like to catch up when you have time.... 
 I'm most likely heading out tomorrow night.  I think Rachel T is going solo to the Lay's, so I figure she should come with us--but she is away until tomorrow. Do you know someone named Melanie Herz? 
 please print 
 It doesn't seem my secluding myself from friends is helping my state of being.  I worked all weekend and played with the pups, but I'm not emailing you to tell you that.  Can I call you tonight? 
 I'm going to try to go to 50....day is packed, and still haven't decided when to go to NY.....How's your day? 
 I know  him from the gas market, and am not in love. 
 Candidly, Mark wanted to leave it open as to whom it would report.  He want= ed=20 to have control in it's growth and staffing, although it would be coordinat= ed=20 with Thor.  Mark (and I) talked to Thor about this a while ago, and will=20 begin weekly video calls in the new year about strategy, updates, new=20 products, and growing this business continentally.  (Mark was still concern= ed=20 about the members of the Oslo weather group that Thor managed poorly--in=20 Mark's mind).  I'm sure we will get to a point that works best=20 organizationally with Thor having a role.  However, when you look at the P&= L=20 of the business, is doesn't illustrate his support of the business, which w= e=20 are addressing. =20  Hope this helps, and you are relaxing a little....  Jeff 
 Please take me off the distribution for this report.  It is hard to read, and not terribly useful to me.  Do we need this report at all?  Jeff 
 Thanks for the update.  Is there another piece (external attachment) needed= =20 for web use?  Sounds like you are doing well. =20  Regards,  Jeff 
 Low numbers. 
 what about the ananlyst updated comp program? 
 marty s is such a nice guy. 
 1818 SOUTH. 
 Great.  Thanks for the update.  What about signing some of the big locals up to EOL?    John L Wilson@ENRON 02/15/2001 04:11 PM 
 yes, mine. 
 oui.  I was able to change my plans...... 
 thanks 
 Sure, I'd also like to get John Nowlan involved, who runs our crude businesss. 
 How about the Lay's wednesday? 
 so did he accept the offer from enron? 
 sushi last night, mexican tomorrow.  How about raven grill?-one of my new favorites now that I'm in the neighborhood. 
 Jennifer got ME a gift cert. to urban retreat.  How nice is that?  She loved her gift from me--the bucke on the purse was the same color turquoise eye shadow she has--crazy!  How's Alexandras' sales today? 
 please note.  this is serious, and I want it taken care of. 
 Crazy, but trying to chill.  I bet you're glad exams are over...how did you do?  Any plans for the holidays? 
 maybe you need to be a little clearer in how you can help him because of your close personal contacts.  Jeff    Alhamd Alkhayat@ENRON 02/15/2001 09:12 AM 
 Thanks for the update.  Unfortunately my schedule is tight until then, but I will review this informantion.  Jeff 
 FYI.  Jeff 
 Get with George Z. and get this on the calendar.  Thanks. 
 Thanks for the reports.  Always very interesting.  Could you also start to include pricing and changes from prior period in your grid below.  Thanks. Happy Holidays. Jeff    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 So I looked on the dec 15 issue--where did you see my name?  Chloe was asking about you this morn!  Dog's go on winter break Jan 5--so hopefully before then. 
 Love the new place!  Hopefully you kept warm last night!  (You didn't have to sleep in your car, did you?) (Or did you have to drink the champagne to keep from freezing?)   Unfortunately I won't know about the Lay's party until tomorrow.  Hopefully it will work out. My first party--first week in Feb--Ali's planning it. Aren't I cooler than Kenneth's brother Mark?  Just checking.  Later  Jeff 
 please put in rolodex. 
 chappy chanukah, hope all is well.  The house is a babe magnet, just that the babes don't know it.  Stay in touch. How's that 5 year power market treating you?  Jeff 
 please print 
 print 
 Are you aware? 
 please print 
 FYI 
 6:30 tonight is great.  see you later....any ideas? 
 here's a funny one....Jeff 
 One for you, too.  Jeff 
 No problem!  In fact, it is likely I'll be in NY wed-sat next week--I'm sure I'll stop by the gallery.  Hope to see you...  Jeff 
 Hi Hillary, hope you are well.  Unfortunately, I won't be able to make it tomorrow.  I just couldn't work out the schedule, but it was extremely thoughtful of you to invite me.  I hope you have a great time.....(I'll send something to Ben in the gallery tomorrow)...  Best,  Jeff 
 I'm still here--they're trying to kill me. 
 Since only I know I'm not trying to offend you, that's all I can say.  I'm not sure I'm worthy of your being concerned either  (I don't deserve it--I'd guess)  You know, after we talked the other day, I felt better for a while. I don't know what to say, and I'm sure I'm embarrassed by this whole thing--most particularly how I've handled our relationship.  I really want to see you, but I need some time to myself I guess.  I do know glen doesn't have all the answers, but I find him to be impartial and helpful--really the only one these days.  My mother suggested a trip home this weekend, and i may go. I wish this were easy.....I think part of my issue is I've always felt our friendship is one I wanted to keep always, and I feel I tend to jeopardize friendships.... 
 Macy Gray was just on CNN singing--she is great! 
 After talking with the guys, Mark is going to make paul murray an offer at the director level with a one year contract, with a one year noncompete. I'll let you guys work on preliminary numbers.  thanks.  Jeff 
 I saw you called on the cell this a.m.  Sorry I missed you.  (I was in the shower).  I have had a shitty week--I suspect my silence (not only to you, but others) after our phone call is a result of the week.  I'm seeing Glen at 11:15....talk to you 
 got here around 9, hopefully leaving at 11.  I only did 8 abs last night. I'm going to get to 20 though....How was the play?  Haven't be to Zula.... 
 print 
 Mike's call on this. 
 should we invite mark wadington?   Jeff 
 Howdy stranger?  Can we please go out sometime.  I want to hear about all the latest details!!!!!  Jeff 
 I'm out of here at 4.  Good luck with the new hair--i'll talk to you later.... 
 Can you set up a meeting with Mike, me, Jeff Skilling, and Cliff, to talk about the international assets, and debt and equity trades around the assets?  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Expect a phone call from Goldman Sachs/Constellation about our wind company. They want to know the details of the sale process.  Thanks. 
 I'll have Jennifer put in the move order to get your desk into my office. 
 sign me up sometime 
 I've got a meeting at 3:30 (for an hour at most) then I'm leaving for the day!  tomorrow, in about 10, out at noon.  I can't wait. 
 What's up? 
 what  does this mean that the IOC did not give DPC an import license for Naptha? 
 Sure, I'll call around.  Many will be closed for holidays though....I'll get back to you.... 
 Confidential  Draft 
 Before we sign ANYTHING with Southern about the Elba volumes, I'd like an update.  Also I want to make sure we aren't trading anything away at Elba that we could be talking about elsewhere.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 oh.................my...............god.............. 
 please print 
 Sure, thanks.  Jeff   Hector Campos                12/13/2000 03:13 PM 
 I will begin soliciting random friends to go on the trip with you so you won't be lonely!  Did you tell Jennifer about Yolanda?  I'm out of here at 3:30--getting my hair highlighted. 
 What are the developments?  Let's start talking.    "Preston Head" <ph@admis.com> 02/14/2001 06:03 PM 
 not only in the previous 24 hours, but also ever.  Also, I want to know if products come down before they expire.  Thanks  Jeff    Enron North America Corp. 
 When are you going to Israel?  How's life?  I have a friend who is going to be there in Feb? 
 I'm here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ( I have a meeting at 2 in my office for about 30mins, then I may be out of here for the day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)   Come by.  If you are still hungry we have some sausage pizza with canadian bacon with your name on it. 
 Thanks for the update.  cool!.  How are we doing on our weather person for europe? 
 Can you find out if it was Johnny or Camille who sent me this resume, and for what group/job?    Jennifer Burns  12/13/2000 11:16 AM 
 FYI.  We also had Mckinsey  look at the soda ash market for us.  Not as compelling as we though, but interesting anyway...  Jeff 
 Emergency calls are great.  Used it, but dinner was quick.  So the kids singing wasn't as good as barbara streisand's singing prayer songs?  I'm sure it was fun, though.  Jeff is the king.  Already left him a message. I'm out dec 19-28, so do you want to try to do something this weekend--FUN. (I have a party to go to sat eve for a little while) How's the day going?  Did you talk to Beth about Pinnacle? 
 Steel is not part of global markets, and if you could take it off this report, I'd appreciate it.  Also, Please add a section that shows new products as we add them to the portfolio.  Thanks.  Jeff    Enron North America Corp. 
 Please print following on letterhead:  Larry Kellner Chief Financial Officer (put rest here)  Dear Larry,  Thanks for the opportunity to discuss your risk management needs yesterday. Continental has been very successful in hedging fuel, and I think we can add even more value as we explore your basis risks.  I've asked Mark Tawney, Director of Weather Risk Management, to come up with some ideas possibly linking weather to fuel, and explore our insurance and tax opportunities. His organization is the best in the industry, and is doing cutting edge research.  We didn't have the chance to talk about any V@R analysis needs you have, but I'd be happy to get our research team involved as we grow our corporate relationship.  If there is anything else I can do, please call.  It's great to have a the best airline in the country be the local carrier. Again thanks for your time.  Regards, 
 Great....Looking forward to it.  Jeff 
 get me a spot on the shuttle.  But I'll probably use a car service.  What time does this concert thing start, and can you get me all other directions, and info.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 I'll be out completely by Friday evening, and am finishing the list of workers who done various projects on the house, and will have that to you Friday as well via email.  I really appreciate your giving me the extra time....  Jeff 
 That glass of wine did the trick--I felt better  (more relaxed too!)  Dinner was boring--so I got home and had another glass of wine! 
 Hi Eric, hope you are well.  Do you know about this guy Nathan Hill that Clay Harris offered a job to work in dubai on dolphin?  Please let me know, he wants to get onl my calendar and hear about the LNG group, etc.  Jeff 
 Yes, Love to have dinner, either the 17th or 18th--you pick.  Let's have a drink at my house first so I can show you the digs.  Sorry I couldn't make it...last minute schedule problems...  Jeff 
 get with jennifer burns, my asst. and I'll say hello.  probably right after the crude mtg.... 
 Defcon 2?  I'm around until 4:30, and have an errand to go on, a cocktail party at 6 ish, and unkownd about dinner after that.  I'm around.... 
 No, he cannot come to the crude meeting, but I'd be happy for him to have a tour of the gas and crude floors and introduce him to some traders. 
 Your call on the bet.  I talked to my friend at Sat. Night Live, and she said no problem about being extras.  I'll get a list of scheduled hosts/bands--you pick!  (If that is still ok) 
 Hi Sarah,  What is your home address and work info....  Lots of hugs.... 
 Check into reservations.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Any time you'd like to get here.  I'll be happy to set you up with a strong schedule. I'm glad you finally met Per.  He's been a little busy since I reorg'd the group and put him in charge.  Thanks for your patience, however.  Jeff    Nathaniel Jeppson <Njeppson@ALLENCO.COM> 02/14/2001 10:34 AM 
 Those dumb asses have now promised me my ab roller by tomorrow.  I explained to them our bet, and now they understand my problem...I WILL win... 
 How's it going?  Recovering from family OD? 
 Please also take a look at the resid curve/Pan Nat positions...Thanks. 
 So timely to receive your email today.  I was just thinking about you this past weekend, hoping everything was going well. 
 Please expect a call from Joe Hartsoe in the very near future.  His background lends itself to our businesses, and he is looking to add some commercial experience to his c.v.  Thanks for taking the time to meet with Joe.  Jeff 
 Great.  My asst is Jennifer Burns, at x39440 
 So the impaler might not have been too dramatic!  Have fun tonight! 
 How about Ali "the impaler" Saler?  Or is that too dramatic? 
 If I change my name to Mr  Crankman (for today only), I'll think of a name for you, too. 
 is this on the calendar? 
 Any pumping you can do would be appreciated.  Thanks.  Jeff    Joe Gold 02/23/2001 05:35 AM 
 Thanks for the email.  You make some good points. I'm still working with HR to address your bonus.  Thanks for your patience, but we'll get there.  Jeff    Niamh Clarke 02/14/2001 10:10 AM 
 When someone starts an email as you did, I think I have an idea of what you are going to say. 
 What do you mean funds are being told...?    Enron North America Corp. 
 print 
 put on calendar 
 Thanks for your help 
 print 
 please print 
 Did you mean to send this to Rebecca Mark, or Rebecca Macdonald? 
 I would like to discontinue service entirely.  Thanks. 
 No issues, and this will benefit Enron company wide.  It will come out of either Kristie Patrick's (in Mark Palmer's office) or my budget.  Jeff 
 Your thoughts are dead on.  Russel would be a great guy to cover those guys for EGM for crude and products.  Please mention to Caroline we are not trying to crowd her out, just get more depth on funds coverage.  Also, when we talk about other GRM products, it will help to have more fund coverage.  (We can also address her issue later--I agree with you on that.)  Proceed, but I'm not sure about the JV with ENA issue.  Let's not go down that road "officially".  By the way, rough is spelled roof.  Later.....  Jeff    Per Sekse 02/14/2001 10:14 AM 
 Yes. 
 Sorry it's been so hard.  Nothing meant by it.  To where are you moving? 
 fyi 
 I will be in Phila.  Please grab materials for me. 
 Thanks for the email.  Actually, you are completely wrong about my view of Joe.  He has tremedous integrity, and is a very strong team builder, and has added much value to our organization.  I was however a little surprised by your move to go from a trading position to an analysis position.  I would have been thrilled to have you help me design a position for you in that kind of capacity here, or in london, or elsewhere if you liked.  In addition, I could have talked to you about a junior trading spot in crude and products. (Which I will remind you about frequently)  I'm sure your decision will prove valuable to Joe, and hopefully to you as well.  Mike and I would like to see you back on the A-team though--we both respect your business sense.  As far as the guilt thing goes, I can't help you.  I'm Jewish and our people have suffered much longer than everyone else combined.  Jeff 
 Thanks. Will do.  Did you need something the other day?  Jeff 
 Gary,  That was a great presentation.  Thanks for the update. 
 WHERE are my macadamias?  Did you break the scales at the doctor?  Do you know how funny I am?  I'm finally leaving for the evening, and I'm so psyched to go home and play fetch with myself with the glow in the dark ball!  Have a great weekend if I don't talk to you during the hour I'll be here in the morn....  Hugs to Emma 
 what is this 
 I approve. Please process immediately.  Jeff 
 Great to hear from you.  Office number 713 853 1761.  Home 713 523 5077. Give a ring when you can, and I'll get you set up for the summer.  Jeff    "Daniel J. Fuller" <dfuller@Princeton.EDU> 02/14/2001 09:01 AM 
 Why did I just eat the largest fajita papasito's EVER made?   Put a few of those macadamias in interoffice mail, would you? 
 I'm picking out the carpet this weekend--so I'll also run out and get a picnic basket!  Your desert capabilities are impressive!  (Next time I'll get a quart of whipped cream instead of a pint so you can have twice as much, and I can win our contest)  You are a lot of fun--I like hanging out with you. 
 They are looking at trading advertising time.  Ed Ondarza may be the guy. I'd be happy to introduce you to him, if you'd like.  Jeff 
 You know, we've done something the last few tuesdays, and it is now my favorite day of the week!  I had a great time. 
 please set this up 
 Beth has not gotten with me. 
 I'm sorry, I need the glass presentation.  Jeff 
 I'd like to have my asst set up a phone call with you.  You really won't get the whole story in a short email.  Thanks...  Jeff 
 6:30 ish. 
 put this on the calendar.  I would likt to meet with them.  please let carrie know 
 I'm not sure our plan is to collapse the LNG shipping group into coal (I presume you mean under Pierre).  However, we have to look at our internal and external options.  If you look at the structure of  the exmar vessell it is certainly far from ideal for enron.  In fact it appears to be quite one-sided.  First we must look at what we want this group to be, and examine what skills each of the internal players can bring to the table--(including Pierre and Wayne).  Second estabish internal procedure, and trading capabilities.  Third, execute.  I would agree that LNG shipping is a unique animal, but before we hire anyone externally, I'd like to get everyone together to discuss the most appropriate way forward.  Thanks.  Jeff    Rick Bergsieker@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 02/14/2001 06:29 AM 
 Great.  I'm sure in the new organization you'll do extremely well.  Mike and I have a lot of faith in your abilities.  Jeff 
 please print 
 No litigation between enron and XL.  Thanks for the update.  Jeff    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 I'll be around all week, except friday, as I will be in Phila giving a presentation.  Call anytime. 
 print 
 put o calendar 
 for reference 
 put on calendar 
 Was that you walking in this morn when I was?  How's everything? 
 nothing else to tell. 
 I'd love to fly dan down (at our expense) to have him meet some appropriate people.  Let him know he should call me to figure out the best  time to get him down here....have to go now though.......hugs    Jeff    halley k harrisburg <hkh@michaelrosenfeldglry.com> 02/13/2001 01:15 PM 
 I have McKinsey sending over another Glass Market presentation, and you should have it shortly....  Jeff 
 Hey, I'll be around this weekend, trying to get myself together.  I can't tell you how overwhelmed I've felt recently, and I think our conversation while I was awol (in NY for the day last weekend) really got to me.  I'll tell you this weekend about my meeting with my the shrink the other day. (The part where I'm NOT good at compartmentalizing).  I think that threw me for a loop too.  Oh, your message got to me this morn.  Please don't ever think you are bothering me.  I guess I'm a little less mature about my emotions than I thought.  (I know this is all personal, but email seems to be a little easier for me to communicate this to you right now).  I'm not sure that my home number is on yet, so the cell phone is where I'll be.  Thanks for checking up on me. 
 We are pleased to announce the following within EGM:  The Convertible Bond Arbitrage desk will be moving from EnronCredit.com to the Equity desk under Gary Hickerson, and will be managed by Mike Bradley. Billy Lemmons has joined Gary Hickerson's unit as well.  He is exploring the agriculture value chain and outlining our risk management, (What else here?)  Dan Reck will be transitioning out of the coal group and will be exploring our rail and trucking initiatives.  These markets together represent approximately $105 billion notionally, and we believe there are many synergies between our energy, coal, and freight trading businesses.  In addition, we have asked (Pierre Aury to run our worldwide vessel trading businesses.  Scott Moncrief will be responsible for all liquids vessel businesses reporting to Pierre)  (should we mention cement here under george mclellan?)  Our worldwide weather operations will continue to report to Mark Tawney in Houston, and he will have all V@R  allocation responsibility between Sydney, Tokyo, Oslo, and Houston.  In addition we will be forming a weather marketing desk in London.  Janelle Scheuer will be joining the Global Products from Enron America's East power origination group, and is responsible for developing a mid-market business specifically for our liquids businesses.  She will be reporting to John Nowlan.  Bill White will be coming over from EBS and has responsiblity for all U.S. financial crude trading.  Don Schroeder will continue to have oversight of our physical crude business.  Anything else? 
 Let's get together and get this traders' roundtable going.  I propose:  You, me Lavo (if he's interested), Vince K, John Arnold, Phillip Allen, Mike Grigsby, (those three from US gas), Rogers Hearndon, and Fletch Sturm (East Power), Mike Bradley, John Nowlan,.  This list covers gas, power, crude/products, rates, and vince's economic views.  Any other people/groups/commodities we should have represented?  Jeff 
 How's it going?  I'm sure busy and great.  Good luck with the ice men--I still think you should cut something.  I'm excited to finish unpacking this weekend, and just relaxing a little.  If you're not completely wiped on sunday, give me a ring.  Oh, could you wear your new party pants tuesday to my house?  Great, thanks. Have fun!  Jeff 
 Please call him.  I'd be happy to spend time talking to them about the info below if that is what they want.  Jeff 
 Happy to help.  But I'm not sure for what you are asking.  Jeff 
 I just spoke with mike robertson and told him we are ready for a weather person in london now.  (I mean NOW)  He will coordinate with you.  Later  Jeff 
 Hi guys,  Shawn Cumberlan, the former head of the CALME region, is very interested in learning about the transportation businesses we are pursuing.  He will be in London end of next week or so and I'd like you guys to spend some time with him.  Dan, expect a call from him before he heads to London.  Mark Frevert is having him explore opportunities within the wholesale businesses.  Later,  Jeff 
 Also what about undergrads and taking them out to dinner? Etc.  Again,  Jeff    Jennifer Burns  12/01/2000 11:55 AM 
 tomorrow afternoon would be best.  thanks. Jeff    "Alan D. Lucks" <lucks@alucks.com> 02/13/2001 11:40 AM 
 When is my part?  Jeff    Jennifer Burns  12/01/2000 11:55 AM 
 print 
 peter berzins. 
 FYI.  We need more transactions on EOL......I'd like to meet with you and lay out plans for attacking this specifically.  Jeff 
 could you let Nicki know you are my asst, and this email should have come to you, not me. only 30 mins. 
 yes, now i can go after each trader.  also i had mentioned to peter (I believe)  that i wanted to see not only product offerings in egm, but also new products we add every week.  thanks.  jeff 
 When she was hired, there was no 3rd year analyst program.  She is going to be placed in the trading non-rotational program, as well.  In addition, she has made well over 1million dollars trading a book on the gas floor, and has been made our resid trader.  Jeff 
 I'm with Dave.  Let's kill it.  Jeff 
 Talk to scott tholan, who runs competitive analysis.  I'm not sure what else clay works on.  I don't  dislike the concept, but he deals with a lot of confidential info.  Jeff 
 Thanks for the reminder.  Yes I'd like to be included in your jan 1, 2001 contribution.  I will attend to this with the necessary paperwork in mid december. Regards,  Jeff 
 I did receive an envelope from you last evening.  No problem to postpone our meeting.  However, when should I pick up the car?  Best,  Jeff    "Alan D. Lucks" <lucks@alucks.com> 02/12/2001 02:36 PM 
 Boy did I unpack last night.  I couldn't go to sleep so I went a little crazy.  Tuesday is good.  we could have a frasier marathon.  Which one of us is cooking at my house?  Would it be crazy if I asked you to be my guest at the wholesale christmas party next sat?  (Nothing like email to ask that sort of question, and I certainly don't mean to be impersonal about it)  I have to head home to work out for a few hours.... 
 PLEASE call me Jeff.  When I'm old, grey, and heavier, then you call use a more formal salutation. Great to meet you too, and I'll be in touch shortly.  Jeff 
 please print 
 Thanks for the email.  I'm not in love with this deal, and Nowlan is not inclined to do it, but we will have Pierre look at it.  By the way, it was 72 and sunny at my new house.  That is the forecast forever there.   Merritt Thomas                11/29/2000 08:29 AM 
 I had so much fun last night!  WHEN can we do it again? 
 fyi 
 I'm not happy today.  Going back to last night, I got home, fell asleep on the couch in the new house, went upstairs at 4, and slept til 830.  Late all day, and just had a pretty crappy meeting with one of my direct reports and Jeff Skilling.  I can't describe the weight of the world feeling I have, and I'm not good at not being in control.  I wish I had the answers.  How are you? 
 How's it going? 
 please get on distribution and put on web site.   thanks.  Jeff 
 I'd like to promote brad to mgr.  thanks.  jeff 
 let's set up a video call and check this out.  what are your thoughts? 
 great. 
 please put in rolodex 
 print 
 Please put jennifer burns on the distribution list. Jennifer, please print out, and put in my weekly packet you put together every morn.  Also please print this one out.  Thanks.   Jeff    Enron North America Corp. 
 print 
 print 
 Thanks for the update.  I think it shows how starved for new products these exchanges are.  I'm not a fan of teaming up with these kinds of entities. It's unclear what they bring, and how does this help us?  what do you think?  Jeff 
 Good afternoon Ida  (better name for you than me).  EC was uneventful, given that I wore no crazy hat.  At the right time though.  I know the party will be great--try not to stress too much, besides your plans sounded great and I'm sure everyone will have a great time.  I'm leaving in a little while to go to the closing ( and collect some cash!), and am out the rest of the afternoon--cruising in the ida-mobile!  In case you were wondering, I used almost  a half mile of bubble wrap yesterday moving my art to the new house and will recycle it if there are some cool kid things to do with it.  Ideas?  Later. 
 yes, eric can get on the trader track.  put some numbers together for these guys, and get back to me...Jeff    Gary Hickerson 02/12/2001 12:50 PM 
 tried, but no can do.  call me, though. 
 fyi 
 I'm not sure it is a good idea to go.  can we talk about this monday am?  Jeff 
 yes. promote brad.  also, I believe sara mulholland (analyst) is eligible, and I would like to promote her to associate.  (when she started at enron, the time requirement was 18 months for promotion)  Please get back to me.  Jeff 
 Hey, I understand the trading rotation program is underway.  I'd like an update next week so we can participate as well.  Happy Thanksgiving, or the Canadian equivalent.  Jeff 
 Please get in touch with each other and see if this works.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 I'll check with HR next week.  I forgot what joke?  Jeff 
 I'm not sure I'm going to make it to Phila because of PRC.  I will advise next week.  Also, can you tell me Paula's last name that we rode with the other day when you all took me to the airport?  Thanks. 
 I've asked craig breslau on the gas floor--a senior marketer (VP) who is well versed in this to give the lunch.  Pete De Leeuw was happy a senior Enron person could get there on short notice.  Regards  Jeff 
 Let's sit down next week and go over this.  There are some other things going on that the LNG group is trying to trade with El Paso for LNG space around the country, as well.  Jeff 
 I will attend in person.      Enron North America Corp. 
 Thanks for the update.  I will be out due to the holidays through monday, but call me on my cell at 713 854 4952.  Where do you see the spv reporting, and clearly between you, me, gary, and mike, we can think this through.  Jeff 
 Get with me on tuesday.  we'll address then, but I'm ok with this in general. 
 I'll be in on Tuesday.  Let's catch up then.  Jeff 
 FYI. 
 FYI. 
 FYI.  I suspect her issues are with Angie.  I'll let you manage this one. Thanks. 
 Thank you for your note.  It is always appreciated.  I'm sure you will find your career here very exciting, and Dan is a leader in our company and I know he is excited to have you as part of his team.  If you are running into some employee issues, I'd ask you to get Shanna Funkhouser involved as well.  A good work environment is crucial to everyone's success.  Welcome.  Jeff 
 Thanks for the update.  Andy Zipper is working on a structure that will allow the brokers to access our site as you've pointed out.  I'll have Andy contact you and John on this topic.  Jeff 
 Hi guys.  I wanted to let you know that I am extremely concerned about the Associate/Analyst program, so much so that I feel all the work I have done, and all the time I have spent on the program has had little impact outside Wharton/Penn recruiting.  In fact we won't get more than 1 associate from Wharton this year for a variety of internal and external reasons.  This program has brought incredible talent into the organization, but we have lost a lot of momentum over the last two years.  In as much as I would like to continue to support the program, I can't  in its current form, and don't have time to fix what I thought we had been addressing.  The entire program is disfunctional, and the commercial teams are not lending support to the program.  I'd be very happy to spend a few minutes of your time (rather than blather on in an email) to give you both my overview of the program, and suggest changes and improvements.  You know you have my support, but the current state of affairs down there has gotten me to my rope's end with the program. 
 I'm writing from houston (TX) and I cannot find anyone here who shows your furniture.  Can you direct me to some one in this part of the country?  I have large outdoor spaces that I'd like to furnish with Brown Jordan.  Thanks for your help.  Jeff 
 We would be happy to explore the full range of products we offer, including Jere's insurance products.  I suspect you and Mark can begin the process with great capability.  If you'd like my help, please let me know as you develop this relationship.  Thanks for the update.  Jeff 
 Great.  Probably Mike, me, Rick Bergsieker and a few others.  Thanks.  Jeff    Enron North America Corp. 
 I've taken a look at Bobby Brown's resume and would like some additional info.  What does he want to do?  What does he know about us? etc. Thanks. Jeff 
 To be clear, those employees in Oslo and elsewhere that spend 100% of their time in our businesses will be part of our PRC process.  Thanks. 
 Oy.  I can't tell you how busy i've been, plus i'm moving monday to the new house.  I'm about to leave for the rest of the week, so let's catch up saturday....hope you're great.  Jeff 
 fyi 
 please put in rolodex.  thanks. 
 Please select your reviewers throught the PEP on line system.  If you need help doing so, please contact Shanna Funkhouser.  Thanks. 
 please print 
 a little light yesterday? 
 thanks for the update.  I'll be here all day today and tomorrow.  Jeff    Cassandra Schultz@ENRON 02/12/2001 11:49 AM 
 fyi 
 print 
 print 
 Thanks.  I'll take a look at this.  Jeff    Enron North America Corp. 
 Get with Nowlan and talk to Andy Zipper on this.  There are a number of options for us with brokers, and Andy has been involved in this aspect of our business for some time.   I'd like to hear your views.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Thanks for the clarifications. 
 will do....Jeff 
 Saturday is looking better right now.  I hope that is still ok.  Let me know.......The assoc/analyst dept is trying to kill me.    More later 
 what do I need to do with this? 
 Please set up a phone call.  thanks.  Jeff 
 Hi, hope things are well.  I'd like to talk about LNG trading vessels (merchant).  Have you been  talking with Pierre about all of this activity. George Mclellan is concerned about the exmar contract, and wants Pierre more involved with the business.  What do you think of this idea?  What are some of your thoughts regarding this business.  Jeff 
 Thor, I'm getting stuck in a meeting at that time and will follow up. Thanks.  Jeff 
 Thanks for the update. 
 Any updates on the Gdansk refinery, or should I assume that the deal is dead?  Jeff 
 The reason for the memo before was because the India guys still don't understand.  Hopefully this clears up their ideas about a separate marketing and trading shop in India.  Have you had time to think about Russell Dyke?  Jeff 
 George, I just saw the updated 4Q earnings outlook, and saw Jupiter, and British energy off the sheet.  Is Jupiter off because of the Massey problems you mentioned today.  What about British energy....  Jeff 
 Funny....How's your day going?  Put me down for freak show. 
 Of course I want to get together next (this?) weekend.  In fact, the house should be almost done, and I'd love to show it to you, too.  I'm pretty open also, but am doing super saturday again, and am not sure what my deal is friday evening (if anything, and will know by tomorrow).  Last night on A&E was a special about Palm Beach, and the good life, charity balls, social scene, etc.  So I had a Palm Beach Party--bought caviar, fruit tarts, champagne and sat around watching the show.  I made everyone wear Lacoste shirts, loafters (no socks) and not put down their glass full of champagne (as much as possible!)  Fun, casual, and last minute.  For not being in your biz, I liked the idea and we had fun.  Went to my first exec committee meeting.  Pretty interesting.  But can't wait to hear about your parties for Vicki and Dan.... 
 Hi John  Things are heating up for year end keeping us all pretty busy.  As we go forward in many of our businesses, it's clear several need fine tuning.  One of which is weather worldwide.  Mark Tawney and I have spent quite a bit of time during the last several weeks working on a plan for next year and forward.  We've come to the conclusion that it will be most effective to add a London operation that will allow for quick and beneficial marketer interaction, immediate scalability, and more portfolio diversification.  I would structure the business around the continent with someone managing that portion of the operation, and continue to have Thor manage Scandinavia.  Mark and I will get together to structure the London based group and keep you advised.  Mark has some great ideas, and I'd like to talk to you about this rather than go on in an email.  I'll give you a ring first thing in the morning.  Best--  Jeff 
 fyi 2 
 fyi.  print 
 I'm still getting all the reports too late.  I'd like a night clerk to put together the reports so that I have them by 7:30 am.  Thanks.   Jeff 
 Great.  Thanks.  So what do you think of Crude for tomorrow?  Jeff 
 please get on calendar 
 please take car of. 
 Without knowing what subcommittees you are going to set up for the exec. committee members, I'll take the Analyst/Associate program.  We've been incredibly successful with Wharton/Penn , and I'd like to replicate our approach company wide.  I'm convinced with my help, we can do a world class job.  I'd be happy to give my thoughts on off cycle hiring, and other ways to improve the entire process (internal and external) around Enron.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Great.  I'll have Jennifer set up a phone meeting. 
 Wow.  Jeff 
 print 
 FYI.   Jeff 
 schedule some time.  Jeff 
 Come by.  I'll shed some light....also I'd like to talk to you about opportunities within EGM.  Jeff 
 As Mike and I look across all of our business units, we continue to look for optimal organizational structures that will enable each business unit to achieve it's targets for  2001 and beyond.  In our weather business, there appears to be a lack of seamlessness.  Reporting relationships, P&L, and vision for this business are not best aligned as this business exists today.  Mike and I would like to address this as follows:    we need 100% full time dedication from each and any employee that is dedicated to the weather business.  All identified employees in the weather business will now become full time employees of EGM and report to Mark Tawney. Accordingly Mark and I will be looking at, with each of you, the employees that may be affected by this transition and the need to hire additional employees.  It is important that both business units work together to determine which individuals will be in Weather, or  will be in EEL.  Once done, Mark will begin adding to the weather team in each of your regions.   It is obvious that the organizations and product lines can lever each other and the synergy's will provide powerful results in our regional gas and power businesses in particular.  If you look at coal, lng, equities, etc, we have employees based in each of your regions who report back into the appropriate business unit within EGM. This restructure will similarly align weather.  Please give me a call and we will discuss the issues surrounding this new structure. 
 Speak with Nowlan.  Thanks...Jeff 
 print 
 Details to work out with HR.  Of course you will have significant input and presence.  Jeff 
 Absolutely I will call him.  Let's talk about a coordinated strategy with him.  Come up today when you get a minute....Jeff 
 As we move forward with our global LNG strategy, it is obvious that the best way to capture value for Enron is to bring the same merchant activity to this business unit.  This merchant philosophy allows aggressive book and position management from a worldwide perspective.  Our ability to gather data and to show only one Enron face in the market is crucial to our success.  As important is one pricing desk.  Many of you know, Eric Groves in Houston is running our pricing desk, Larry Lawyer is working on all finance type business for us, and Jen Fraser is running our fundamentals group.  To bring full merchant capabilities to our worldwide LNG business, Mike and I wanted to clearly outline a point that seems to need attention.  ALL LNG contacts, negotiations, and contracts, (physical, financial, buys, sales, etc.), with external counterparties must and will be managed through our commercial LNG group headed by Eric Gonzales, and Rick Bergsieker.  It is crucial to manage market perspective, appearance, and informantion.  We all know how important each project (Metgas, and other initiatives in India) could be, but a coordinated front will help us better grow all of our businesses.  Regards  Jeff 
 I'd like to know how we purchased the Katz.  Was that outside our budget, and in Ken's dining room budget?  Mike and I will get together and address the points you bring up below.  Looking forward to our meeting.  Regards.....Jeff 
 As I was packing some books this weekend, I stumbled across an old copy of The Story of O, and almost fell over.  I knew I had heard of that book--I must have read it some time ago--I think it was orig published in 1954 or 1965.  Now I remember how much I didn't like it!  Hope you've recovered from all your parties.  How was the book dinner.  Did I mention I had a spur of the moment party last night?  Jeff 
 Please expect a phone call from Andrew Makk, currently in the Mid East group, who is interested in exploring opportunities in each of your areas.  He is a very qualified individual who would be a tremendous resource in any of your groups.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 You got it.  Jeff   Merritt Thomas                11/10/2000 03:39 PM 
 Super Saturday is super early---7:15 sat. morn. and I'm at my desk.   Sounds like all your events will be fun.  I'm counting on your helping me with my parties, too! Sounds like this week is busy, but I'm around next weekend.  We'll figure it out this week.  No message yesterday, so I rescheduled it for late afternoon today, can wait.  Later--Jeff 
 an update for both Mike and I would be great.  thanks.  Jeff    V V Rao 02/10/2001 06:37 PM 
 Great news.  Please stay in touch so I can help with your next rotation....  Best regards  Jeff 
 Please select your reviewers for year end PRC.  If you have any questions call Shanna.  thanks.  Jeff 
 Everything was ok, just busy.  Good book?  I just started "When the sons of heaven meet the daughters of earth"  have you heard of it?  I'd absolutely love to go the the Anne Frank thing, but I can't get back from the management conference.  I'm on a panel (with Jeremy) early Friday a.m. 
 OK, so I didn't really think you'd be at the office at 9:30 pm when I left you a message last night, buy my day turned into a freak show.  Later  Jeff 
 You, as well.  Jeff 
 thought you'd like this.....Jeff 
 thanks 
 Hi, hope you are doing great.  I was wondering if you've met Russell Dyke, who is in Lagrasta's group, and who I told could get into the LNG before you came over.  He has great international experience, and LNG experience.  He might be a great match with the Jose team, since I'm uncomfortable with their understanding of MTM, and their overall appreciation of the Enron way of doing business.  (Today, Russel (assoc/mgr at year end) closed a deal with CSFB worth 19 million to us.)  Overall a solid guy.   Let me know what you think.  (Merritt and Russell know each other well, and have worked on projects together)  Also, I mentioned to Merritt that I was excited about her opportunity to trade dutch power, but was very interested in staying in touch with her, possibly to trade freight, etc.  Jeff 
 This is helpful.  Can you also distribute the DASH system, why we use it, how to use it, and approvals needed for deals?  Thanks.   Jeff 
 thanks....Jeff 
 Jennifer B. please print, Jen F. please get this on the fundy's page....Jeff 
 yes. 
 print 
 put on calendar.  Does Nicki know to email you on th is stuff 
 print 
 piano tuning?  nothing bad about last night--very tame. 
 Looks like there is plenty of work to do, and I continue to believe shipping, etc. has great possibility for Enron.  I'd like to get a group of people to talk about plans going forward, and will fill you in shortly on time, where, etc.  One point is that it is our policy not to speak to the press without it being cleared through public relations first.  Your comments were interesting, but I was concerned about perception.  Please coordinate public statements, interviews, and the like through the proper channels going forward.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Great!  Sorry YOU weren't there... I'm on my way out  for a lunch.  I'll call you later.   (I'm excited about the exec committee, but it is a little big, so I told Skilling we should rename it the exec villiage!) 
 Please provide.  Only give my new address.  1818 South Blvd.  Hou  77098 
 Please let Arvind I'd like to get this....Jeff 
 Is this on the calendar.  I think it is Dec. 6?  Call vince for details.... 
 Looks good.  But should out first ad be one of the more aggressive ones?  Jeff    Neil Davies@ENRON 02/09/2001 03:03 PM 
 I asked him (and John Nowlan) to call you about this project that looks pretty cool.  I thought you could lend a hand.  (John Montcrief also does wet shipping for the crude and products group in London and works for Nowlan as well.)  It looks pretty interesting.  Let me know what you think.  Thanks....  Meow.....Jeff   Merritt Thomas                11/08/2000 03:05 PM 
 I spoke with Tom Piazze at Wharton again this morning, about a reduction in the financial commit. from us.  He was not receptive, and in the past, I've suggested energy outsourcing for the University, and more recently discussing their broadband needs.  Others here have thought about this at Enron (like the California University system).  Jeremy Blachman and I are going to run with this in a more direct approach and see what happends.  (Tom P.  was open to all of this, of course).  FYI,  thanks.   Jeff 
 FYI.  Please check into this.... 
 I think you know about this....  On another note, I have 5 cases of Kistler in my office--should we crack a few?  Jeff 
 see if you can print this.... 
 proceed. 
 set up a quick (no more than 30 mins) about this with me, nowlan, reck. thanks.  jeff 
 Thanks. 
 Thanks.  Be sure to get Larry Lawyer,  Brent Price, and Eric Groves=20 involved.  This project is extremely important to Enron, and our LNG=20 strategy.  If there are any resources you need, please let me know. =20  Jeff 
 When you put a person feet first in a pail of cement to throw him off a bridge, how expensive is that type of cement? 
 this is only one of the ads, right?    Neil Davies@ENRON 02/09/2001 02:19 PM 
 Given year end issues, we really need to be trading close to the vest now.  I was a little surprised how big the prompt few months position in crude was two days ago, and we need to scale them back.  I need the component var for those four structural trades we have today. thanks.... Jeff 
 fyi,  what is the purpose of this email..... 
 I'd like access for me.  I think the crude and products guys are looking at it, so I don't understand that we haven't signed a participant agreement. Thanks. 
 fyi 
 I still don't understand.  But we are net short crude, and Crude, company= =20 wide got longer 1000 contracts yesterday.  This is counter to what you are= =20 saying below... Jeff 
 Yes, I think it would be a great experience, and I'd encourage you to continue to meet as many people as possible in the organization.  Jeff 
 how did it reduce var if we added to the underlying positions? 
 Dan, set up a brief meeting with john and me on this.    Jeff 
 please print 
 have I asked you about this?  please print 
 don't be surprised if i ask you guys to take off that friday, too, so that we can be a little flexible with Bob. R.    "Herman, David (Nick)" <David.Herman@tvland.com> 02/09/2001 01:36 PM 
 Can I get more detail?  I think Mike and I are open to suggestions on anything in your world.  Jeff 
 print 
 Just talk to Hunter about the transition.  I'll call Steve Horn if you'd like.  Jeff 
 print 
 print 
 put on calendar.  Jeff 
 I will have Jennifer call your office to schedule.  Glad to help.  Jeff 
 fyi.  Jeff 
 do you have these dates? 
 print 
 print 
 Hi Dave.  As a follow up to out conversation, I found out Robert Rauschenburg will be here April 5 or 6 and the weekend (April 7-8).  See how that looks on the calendar for y'all yankees to visit down here in rodeoland.  (I did go to the rodeo last night--hosted a big party--and wore my boots, and a cowboy hat my group gave me--pictures to follow) Can you believe I went to the Rodeo?  Jeff "J. R." Shankdaddy 
 I'd really appreciate your support on this.  It's a great opportunity for recruiting, and for you to meet some more pretty senior people in the world--but I forget, you know most of them already.....Jeff 
 Where is the mention of J Block hedges.=20 
 Great.  Thanks for the update.  Jeff 
 is this on calendar? 
 print 
 print 
 Thanks for the update.  If any of them would  like to contact me, that would be fine.  I've already talked to Nigel.  Thanks.  Hope you are well.....Jeff 
 Unless you are trying to fill a table, I will not be attending. 
 is this on  the calendar? 
 I would prefer 4 pm.  thanks. 
 Thanks for the clarification.  Jeff    Habiba Bayi@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 02/09/2001 01:00 PM 
 any thoughts? 
 I sat with him in my office and made some changes, then I think you did as well.  I'm ok to proceed.  thanks.  Jeff   Merritt Thomas                10/30/2000 04:30 PM 
 please print 
 please print 
 print 
 Nina, it is hard for Mike and I to attend these meetings in the middle of the afternoon.  We'd both like to participate, but could we start having these meetings later in the afternnon....Thanks.  Jeff 
 put on calendar 
 can you get all of this on the calendar 
 Tom Gros would be great.  Let's try to get him. Thanks 
 I'll have my asst look into this.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Another article from the competitive intelligence group. =20  Jeff 
 please try to find a sport for lisa , and for brent price.  thanks. 
 fyi 
 yes! 
 please facilitate this.    Jennifer Burns  11/01/2000 05:47 PM 
 please print these. 
 please go 
 print 
 is this guy interviewing with us?  Jeff 
 please print 
 thanks.  these updates are great.  Jeff 
 Have our PR people seen this?    Habiba Bayi@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 02/09/2001 12:16 PM 
 No thoughts on Skilling's speech.  He just needs to emphasize we are a great productive entrepreneurial company.  Any we're are largest energy trading and risk management house in the world.  It would be ok if he mentioned that I am a Wharton '89 undergrad and run a large part of our trading group.  Students like to see where successful wharton alum are in the world.  (By the way, I'm the lead for wharton grad and wharton/penn undergrad).  This speech he is giving is a great opportunity for us to recruit...  On another note, I have an idea for you.  Get on my calendar for early part of week after next  (I'm going to the Japan office opening, then to sydney and will be in the office nov. 6)  Keep a low profile on the xcelerator for a week.  Later,  Jeff   Alhamd Alkhayat @ ENRON   10/27/2000 03:56 PM 
 thanks.  these are great updates....  Jeff 
 thanks.  sorry i missed you earlier... 
 I'm out next week, but will be in touch with steve horn when i return.  Jeff 
 No doubt about drinks with you being more fun!  (My haircut is perfect, you'll be pleased to know)  I did go out with my neighbors last night--I needed to because the guy who is buying my house on woodhead st.  came over last night and backed out of his contract.  Boy was I annoyed.  And still am, but the good news is he loses his earnest money to me.  So I'm going to take out a bunch of friends to dinner when i get back.  Want to go?  I'm thinking Tony's or something else fun/festive.  To be determined...but fun. 
 Have you been outside?  I have to leave early today!  Hope your dinner was great....  Jeff 
 who runs that group for us?  Jeff 
 it seems the cnn/usa today poll always shows bush up be the widest margin. do they have a motive here? 
 let's get it to stop the hemorrhaging in is dist. portfolio as well. 
 then christian needs to stop sending these out like they are. 
 I'd like to leave out mention of our equity participation in the first and third paragraphs, and reword the second paragraph to state that envera's customers will have access to enron's products.  (leave out the qualifier "many"  which I read as "partial")    Habiba Bayi@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 02/09/2001 11:24 AM 
 good. thanks.  Jeff 
 thanks for the update.  has eric groves gotten with you regarding the H.Galleon, and the oman gas? 
 is this a violation or not? 
 Are we sponsoring gas tech (in houston) Nov 15 ish for $200,000?  What's up with the brochures?  Yes? No?  Your call on all of this.  Jeff 
 just call anytime today.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Thanks.  I like this format...please keep me updated.   Jeff 
 please schedule if possible 
 John, what do you think of this. 
 check with nowlan etc about this. 
 good thing i saved this, huh?  please put on calendar...... 
 Sure, call jennifer my asst, at x39440.  Are you going with Lou to the xcelerator?  Jeff    Alhamd Alkhayat@ENRON 02/09/2001 11:16 AM 
 Do you agree? 
 I couldn't open Ajna's email either, this morn. 
 FYI 
 Is this a violation, or are we just shifting portfolios around.  Jeff 
 Thanks for the resume.  Nowlan and I will take a look.   Jeff 
 Looks good.  I'm probably not available for a lunch meeting on this topic, so let's do it after the close.  Jeff 
 John, Please look into this.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Good progress.  But we need to ramp it up big time.  Jeff 
 Hi bub, I could only see images 3 and 4.  I couldn't access the mayadon bowl or the lenoble.  is there a problem with the viewer in those files? Stop working so late.  Jeff 
 thanks.  are there any other companys that make a substitutable connector? Meaning, do they (Amp) have any competitors of any sort?  I appreciate the insights. 
 Comments? 
 I have other images to send you.  If you are interested, let me know......Jeff 
 please print 
 FYI 
 thanks fo rthe update.  Jeff 
 This is great....I'll get it on the calendar....Thanks. 
 absolutely!  can't wait.... 
 please ask you groups to participate, and spread the word.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 what do you think of this?  Please respond to just me. 
 Philippe, this has been going on for a while.  Can you address this right away?  Thanks.   Jeff 
 thanks for the update.    Enron North America Corp. 
 of course, it's a favorite.  the lesson i learned last night--and i wouldn't be surprised if i were your only friend who learns lessons from weekday comedies--is to be happy!...if you're free, let's go out tomorrow eve and have our brief woes drinks (and not wait 2 weeks), then put it in the past.... 
 do you ever watch "Frasier"? 
 Please get with michelle and let her know of exact details.  thanks  jeff 
 please print 
 Fyi.  Put this on the calendar. 
 Looks good.  Coordinate with Chris and John and let's move on this.  Jeff 
 I'll look for him on my calendar. 
 I was planning on changing the morning meeting as you indicated.  The problem with the P&L loss is one of time.  We have given back 25 million this quarter, and very few traders took profits at any time.  I expect traders to lose money at times, but we have other constraints.  I'd be happy to have a call with you once we finish our budget process about how we will get to our numbers next year. Of course spread trading is a good idea, but when I look at the portfolio in aggregate, the position story I'm being told doesn't make sense. We'll get there. 
 Thanks for the thought.  We are trying to get more fund business already through Per in the NY office.  Do you have any funds you'd like to sign up. In terms of products, I was thinking more depth in products we feel comfortable managing.  Maybe different spreads/cracks, whatever.  You can control product launch, not the funds.  Can you give a some ideas of more/new products we trade or more/new products you'd like to get on eol.  What more products will your customers want?  Jeff 
 print. 
 please put me on the continental flight to tokyo on sunday as well.  thanks. 
 FYI.  I'd like to be number 2 behind ENA.  And a close 2nd that is. This should be a priority for us. I'd like to set up a meeting shortly to put together a strategy on how we can get there.  More to follow. 
 can we spend a few minutes talking about eol?  I've only gotten response from jim g, doug f, and adam m.  where is everyone else?  Jeff 
 I thought Jere O was going for me. 
 I'd be happy to look at his resume.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 I have forwarded your resume to John Lavorato, who runs gas and power. Thanks.  Jeff 
 For your reading enjoyment.  Jeff 
 print 
 Thanks for the invite, but I will be unable to attend.   Jeff    Caroline Abramo@ENRON 02/08/2001 03:04 PM 
 print 
 I had to cancel my trip to Phila today--bummer.  Nov 7 is fine.  (I'm out of town this sunday for one week)  I'm psyched about australia, but only for two days is a little sad.  Anyway, I'm here through sunday if there is a woe emergency..... 
 FYI 
 Thanks.  Good job. 
 please print 
 I'm looking forward to our drinks/dinner of woes.  (But not too long on woes, I don't like not being in a good mood).  When is good for you week after next?  Jeff  P.S.  I really don't like that expression "misery loves company"  by the way...... 
 Is this why BP thought to squeeze the market?  Jeff 
 Yes, there is a formalized process.  After Credit and Legal, and in most cases RAC, look at transactions, a VP or higher will sign the Dash.  For Doug to sign the Bahamas option contract, I need to know the premium.  Please contact Brent Price for our DASH.  (Deal approval sheet)  Jeff   Merritt Thomas                10/23/2000 04:51 PM 
 I'll defer to you.  How does this supplement your reports now? 
 Do you have an answer for me regarding the simulation I asked you to run? 
 Thanks for the update.  What you point out in your email is exactly what we need to be doing.  Also, I'll be happy to meet with you regarding rotations when you are ready.  Jeff    David P Dupre 02/26/2001 06:53 AM 
 any thoughts? 
 Thanks for the clarification.  Get it listed if you like.  Jeff 
 Great.  Thanks.   Jeff 
 John Nowlan is concerned that this var number isn't right.  According to john, the group significantly reduced postions (on the whole).  What about the forward forward vol?  Have we looked at that?  My instinct is that something is not accurate with this var number today if you look at the resulting position as of Friday evening's postion report.  I'd like someone to be dedicated to the crude and products group full time who can help us with "what if" scenarios throughout the trading day, and who can work with Pavel on the crude desk on the forward forward vol issue.  Also, I'd like to isolate first gas holdings since that is taking up approx 2 million in var each day.  Jeff 
 Hi Lea,  What are you thinking about with Jeff (Koons)?  Jeff 
 FYI.  I sent this monday 4pm if you hear any rumblings.  Jeff 
 It seems to me we are in the middle of no man's land with respect to the following:  Opec production speculation, Mid east crisis and renewed tensions, US elections and what looks like a slowing economy  (?),  and no real weather anywhere in the world.  I think it would be most prudent to play the markets from a very flat price position and try to day trade more aggressively.  I have no intentions of outguessing Mr. Greenspan, the US. electorate, the Opec ministers and their new important roles, The Israeli and Palestinian leaders, and somewhat importantly, Mother Nature.  Given that, and that we cannot afford to lose any more money, and that Var seems to be a problem, let's be as flat as possible. I'm ok with spread risk  (not front to backs, but commodity spreads).  The morning meetings are not inspiring, and I don't have a real feel for everyone's passion with respect to the markets.  As such, I'd like to ask John N. to run the morning meetings on Mon. and Wed.  Thanks.   Jeff 
 Explain to me why Don S. went golfing at 3 pm and you have this huge var violation in his book?  I'm not sure that was the best idea he's ever had. 
 print 
 please print. 
 Thanks.  This is helpful.  I like all the products you've mentioned below, except for the MTBE one.  Is there a real market need for this?  Please proceed and get the others on EOL asap.  Also please pass the trade idea you have to Fred Lagrasta's group. 
 Rick,  Just following up on the VaR requests.  Do you have everything you need?  Jeff 
 Please send this to the staff meeting distribution list.  Please take a minute and fill out the Pulse, and encourage your organization to do so as well.  Thanks.  Mike and Jeff 
 Why did I not get this until 12:41? 
 John, you guys have to be under Var tonight before we leave for the evening. That means buying on access if necessary. 
 I don't know why I got a new P&L DPR at 2:30 today showing a change in P&L and a big VAR violation--most likely due to shroeder's getting shorter 2186 contracts of crude and Botchlett's getting shorter 2141 heat contracts. Don's Var went up 2.8 million to 9.7 million, and Dave's Var went down only 687 thousand to 3.1 million.  Where is Dave's var coming from?  We need to be under our Var tonight.  Dave and Don--please take care of this.  Jeff 
 fyi.  can you respond to this guy if need be.  Jeff 
 can you send this to all the staff member participants today?  Thanks.  Jeff 
 thank you.  Jeff 
 First--Ted your voicemail isn't working.  I would like to get active in recruiting products traders, in a real attempt to high grade the group.  Can we, and how do we make a full court press with the headhunters out there?  Also, what do you guys think of putting a big ad in the Chronicle, and the WSJ?  We could also look for originators and marketers.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Do you know what this is? 
 FYI 
 print 
 Hi Andy,  I would like access to the ICEX--1 terminal per office.  (Houston, London, Singapore).  Please coordinate with John Nowlan, Chris Mahoney, and John Chismar respectively.  Thanks very much. 
 please print 
 please print 
 please print 
 print 
 please print 
 thanks.  I was wondering.... 
 Lets at least try to participate somehow in Sales and Trading--but I will leave this up to you.  Thanks for all of your help.  Jeff 
 What do you think? 
 please print 
 FYI.  These guys do great intelligence work for us, and I'd be happy to help you guys get a similar effort going for you if you do not receive these services already.  (They have done everything from competitior studies to industry studies both commercial and political)  Best,  Jeff 
 fyi 
 I know you guys have been working to secure supply for the H. Galleon.  I wonder if we should do some sort of tender for fob princing, allowing us whatever freedom we want with the ship.  I'm not sure we should kill ourselves for a few pennies--I'd even let the ship stay empty and maybe force some of our will on the LNG market if possible, in effect creating more of a spot market.  Maybe EOL.   Any thoughts?  Jeff 
 print. 
 yes, of course.  are you seeing it? 
 Hi John--hope things are well.  I'd like to invite you to One Great Night, Nov  8. if you are free.  Last year was my first year, and I will admit, it is somewhat of a spectacle.  Fun with the right group of people though.  Let me know if you are around!  Regards,  Jeff 
 Hi stranger!  how's the new digs?  WHEN are we going out for a little dinner?  Jeff 
 what are you talking about.... 
 Tom Piazze is the Director of Corporate relations at Wharton.  215 898 1615. Use my name 
 I have no interest in him 
 sure....old house.... 
 please print 
 I have forwarded your resume to Ted Bland.  He will be your contact person. Thanks for your interest. 
 For your pleasure 
 John was not interested in Mike after I spoke with him.    Jennifer Burns  10/18/2000 01:28 PM 
 Mark, Thor, and Todd,  Thanks for the video conference this morning.  Mike and I are convinced weather can and will be an extremely profitable business.  One issue I would like to address is EnergyDesk.com.  It seems like an interesting idea, but I'd like to find out more about it, and in relation to the work Tom Gros in doing in NetWorks.  I'd also like to understand more about the scalability of this model, and our relationship with Kiodex.  To that end, I do not want any proprietary data, product interface, and or other weather related matter and material to be part of EnergyDesk.com.  I will keep you updated as I learn more about these and other issues.  Regards  Jeff 
 Hi John, hope things are well...Hickerson and I were talking yesterday about the convert bond desk, and he mentioned to me that it make sense for it to come to his group.  I understand you have had prelim discussions about this, and wanted to catch up with you on this matter.  I'll give you a ring by week's end if we want to proceed.  My initial reaction is that it probably makes sense....  Jeff 
 fine 
 I'm so sorry.  My cell phone died, and wouldn't work with the car for some reason.   And was in the office by the time you called at 6:30  ( a  little problem this morn here)--thanks for the repeated attempts...... 
 proceed with your recommendation.  Also, we do not need to store any data once I see report. 
 fyi 
 please print out 
 What do we need to do to be involved.  Kristin, can you call Tom Piazze and ask him what he thinks 
 please look into. 
 No problem.  Doug is a good guy that I want to put under contract.  What's the status with his immigration?  Could we be in a scenario that he has to work our of canada for a while?  Jeff 
 please print 
 please print 
 I know you're a technology guy, and thought you might find this useful. Launch or view the application.....  Jeff  (aka capitan) 
 please print 
 What's the story here. 
 I agree.  We do not need anyone speaking at this. 
 What's the story here? 
 take a look 
 here's a good one. 
 put these super saturdays, and the schools that will be attending each on the calendar 
 schedule 
 Thanks for the note.   We are still looking at the value chain, but think we may have an idea.  I think Mike and I learned a lot from you guys when we were in London.  Nobody thinks our speculating in the grain markets does much for us, and is probably the wrong way to run that group.  Interestingly, the cargill CEO hasn't met with us yet.  We have been trading softs, but very small.  Next time Gary Hickerson is in London, which should be soon, I'll have him give you guys the story, and ask for more of your input.  Regards  Jeff    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 also put this on the calendar 
 I would like to help on the Nov 18 analyst super saturday also.  Jeff 
 please correct 
 please put this on the calendar 
 please print 
 yes. 
 oui.  don't tell anybody about it, big boy.    Daniel Diamond 02/06/2001 04:53 PM 
 Where are the wharton analysts? 
 Nov 11 is great, and I'll try to help out Dec 9.  (I'll be out of town Nov 4).  I'd also be happy to look now at the spring schedule.  Jeff 
 I'll get on it.  With the Texaco Chevron merger, I'd like to get some insight into their organizations.  Particularly Texaco, since they have two trading offices, one in Whit Plains, the other here.  This set up for them has never worked well, and I'd like to talk to some of the better Texaco traders, if there are any.  Jeff 
 Glad to help.  Can you get me the schedule as to which schools will be here on those dates.  Jeff 
 please print 
 please schedule 
 what is this? 
 please print 
 more info 
 This is what I mentioned today. 
 put on calendar, and rsvp.  thanks. 
 is this true? 
 do we have a folder for this? 
 please see 
 I will RUN RUN RUN.......(what is cazaux---not cateau?) 
 Hi Ben,  No problem if you want to invoice me.  I'm not ready for you to ship the goods to me, though, and probably won't be for a few weeks, as I move into the new digs.  Still thinking about the lamp and desk.....  Best,  Jeff 
 congrats on the network move! 
 I know we've made good progress with resp