 Have you spoken to Andy's book accountant? 
 test 
 http://weather.yahoo.com/streams/index.html 
 I am ok with this 
 Are we going to discuss these with Lavo before he makes a decision?  Hunter 
 Lisa and Jason should not be on our RC 
 looks good  thanks 
 John  The questions that Gas Daily is receiving most likely pertain to the issue that Nicor was closed on Friday but the weekend index published substantially different from the Thursday index.  We did not transact at Nicor City Gate on Friday and did not submit a change in trades to Gas Daily.  I will discuss this with you tomorrow. 
 Rain,  Has Demetrion set up a meeting with you?  If not, please call him and arrange a time.  Thanks 
 looks expenseive.  We will go with B&W 
 Let me know if this is not what you need.  Hunter 
 Please schedule a meeting with Caroline about her needs 
 Kelli  Have we contacted GRE? 
 Please sign me up.  Thank You Hunter 
 Rain  Let's talk about this 
 thank you. 
 Should Vladi do this? 
 I attended a class two weeks ago.  It was interesting.  Are there plans to make the application web based? 
 Mark Ashbrook left me a message.  I am sure that he is seeking feedback on his interview.  Do you want me to talk to him.  If not, his phone number is 773 935 5101.  Thanks Hunter 
 If you are interested in trading.  I can speak with you.  Hunter 34772 
 any day next week is good 
 I think I have a meeting at 3:00.  Call me when you have time tomorrow and we will set a time.  Hunter x34772 
 Can we meet on Friday and review this spreadsheet?  Hunter 
 My handwriting is messy so I am sending an e-mail.  Slide:      Competitive Analysis Groups  Heading:     Chicago Portal: Market Area Newsletter  Suggested additions:    make note of a website Transportation spreads calculated with EOL numbers E-Confirms Customer specific transaction history information Log-in ID to portal is the same as EOL ID Customer specific information on Enron's nominations with the customer  Heading:    Provides  Suggested additions:   integration with EOL Promotes EOL sign-up 
 Can you print this for me?  Thanks 
 http://gasfundynew.dev.corp.enron.com/gas/framework/default.asp 
 yes 
 Can they meet me and Colin (my IT manager) at the office?  It is hard to go to lunch. 
 Do you know Doug, Christina, or Lee? 
 Gani  I will call you on Monday to arrange a date for a phone interview.  Thank You Hunter Shively 
 The link to sign-up for Super Saturday is below. 
 I do not know my password or user id. 
  New e-platform opens market to producers E nergyGateway.com yesterday unveiled a new marketing platform that will allo= w=20 gas pro-ducers to conduct online transactions under variable levels of service. The move opens the door for small- and medium-sized producers to enter the= =20 online mar-ketplace, EnergyGateway.com said. Its new electronic venture lets the producer choose= =20 its level =01* including swing, interruptible and firm service =01* when the of= fer is=20 made. This enables buyers and sellers to transact for any term, raising the platform=01,s func= tion=20 above that of a simple day-trading tool, according to EnergyGateway.com. =01&Wholesale trading platforms have ignored the highly customized needs of= =20 producers and consumers. All market participants value liquidity, competitive-based=20 processes and access to strategic information, not just trading companies,=018 EnergyGateway.com CE= O=20 Mark Jergens said. =01&Wholesale trading platforms essentially prohibit the sale of natu= ral=20 gas in the actual way it is produced, flowed and transacted.=018 By allowing more producers to compete online, EnergyGateway.com sees its=20 program as creating savings. =01&To create an optimum portal for buyers and sellers, w= e=20 must have direct contact with the producer community,=018 Jergens explained. =01&By implemen= ting=20 this program, we can provide a service to producers in any region of the country that wan= t=20 to participate in e-commerce opportunities but cannot due to barrier of entry established by wholesalers= .=018 Columbus, Ohio-based EnergyGateway.com is an independent builder of=20 e-communities, offering transaction services and strategic market information for large=20 natural gas and electric suppliers and consumers. The company also plans to offer small business and= =20 residential custom-ers a nationwide preferred provider network of natural gas and electric supplie= rs=20 in 2001. VM 
 These are works in progress. 
 Gani,  My name is Hunter Shively.  I work for Enron.  I would like to arrange a phone interview with you.  Please call me at 713-853-4772 or e-mail hunter.s.shively@enron.com   Please leave a message that states your phone number and the best time to contact you.  If you are no longer interested please let me know.  Thank You, Hunter 
 Sylvia, Deirdre - look at the reliant and Dynegy transactions on ANR  Jason, Tom, Lisa - new fuel rate on Trunkline 
 I know her husband.  I prefer to fill any future openings with trading track personnel.  However I would talk to her. 
 got it 
 That is great.  Will you buy one for me? 
 I approve.  Is there anything I need to do? 
 I will attend the UT Super Saturday.  Who is in charge of the event? 
 Reminiscences of a Stock Operator by Edwin Lefevre  Excellent book on trading  Hunter 
 Bob I will be out of the office Thur and Fri.  Can we meet next week? 
 Chris Gaskill runs the day to day activities. 
 that is fine 
 John Arnold and Mike Maggi are our NYMEX options traders 
 10/4-10/5  UT interviews  10/9-10/10  Chicago Office  10/12-10/13  Vacation 
 Kelli refreshed the numbers.  Is it booked? 
 Rain,  Please forward to the traders.  thanks 
 customer outing - Masters 
 Rain  Please mark my calendar  I am meeting with Software Architects Monday at 2:00.  I need a room.  Thanks 
 What do you think of this language? 
 looks good 
 I should have one at home.  When is Lavorato receiving the packet? 
 I think I wrote his PRC 
 I have an all day meeting on Thursday and Friday.  Can we do this meeting on a different day.  Thanks 
 We do not want to hire him.  Could you have someone send the new resumes as soon as possible.  Thank You Hunter 
 Kevin Ruscitti was promoted to manager last review period. 
 I don't remember him.  Can you send his resume 
 28 
 call Amanda Huble and she will place you on my calendar  Thanks 
 closed 
 Overqualified for our group.  Maybe you know of something. 
 9/26       3:00-5:00  Thank you 
 Thursday @ 4:00  Thanks 
 Please call Celeste and elect 9/29/00 from 3:00-5:00 and mark on my calendar.  Thank You 
 Paul,  If you are coming to Houston for bidweek would you give my group a quick presentation on future rockies expansions?  Please let me know and I will set up a conference room if you can do it.  Thanks Hunter 
 ok 
 Any validity to this? 
 CERA is publishing some reports on their website that we should pay for and post on our website.  Enron may already have an account.  Here is an example that I scanned 
 http://ebb.wbip.com/index2.htm 
 Rain  Please ask them to add Storey to the schedule.  I also need an email of the resume  Hunter 
 Vikas will be reporting to Chris Gaskill.  Thank You Hunter 
 please type and send back thanks 
 rain please print color copies for the group 
 Skilling is driving this interview. 
 is Lavorato on distribution list? 
 George do you have Coal outages?  Thanks Hunter 
 Greg Couch created the report.  He will call you. 
 This is the resume.  Thanks Hunter 
 What is this? 
 When are these guys coming to Enron?  Thanks 
 looks great 
 I have attached the review.  Please let me know if this is the format that I should submit to Kim.  If so, should I forward it to Kim or do you want to give it to her and explain the situation.  Thanks Hunter x34772 
 http://wwwghcc.msfc.nasa.gov/GOES/goes8conuswv.html 
 Our guys should go to this. 
 Peoples - expires October 2004 Index risk: Chicago Basis risk: Chicago, NGPL Mid-continent, Trunkline, Ventura  Sithe - expires December 2014 Index risk Basis risk: ANR-Southeast, ANR - Southwest, PEPL  Northern Border Transport  Monchy & Ventura to Chicago - expires December 2008 Basis spread risk between Ventura and Chicago  Hunter x34772 
 count us in 
 Confidential  I will send you updates 
 I have the same problem as Patrice 
 rain  Please try and type this report.  Thanks 
 Rain  Please setup a meeting with this guy for next week  thanks 
 Technical issues  1) When some of the members of the chat room begin to talk, their microphone volume starts to trail off.  2) Many of the users use the ctrl button in their daily activities.  The talk button needs to be changed to an F# key.  3) We have trouble with latency.  Please contract Brent Tiner to help with these issues.  Thank You Hunter 
 I also need to sign up for the executive impact and influence course  Thanks 
 thanks  keep me posted 
 Please put a note on Geoff's desk and my calendar 
 names for software addition of Hear Me  Fletch Sturm Andy Lewis Robin Menear Patrice Thurston Kevin Ruscitti Geoff Storey Sylvia Pollan Martin Cuilla Kelli Stevens Tom Donohoe Joe Parks 
 looks good to me 
 Rain please help 
 what are the force majeure terms in the ECT GTC?  Hunter 
 yes 
 Joe Parks should be set-up for managing products  Hunter 
 Richard Tomaski and Lee Fasecetti are the traders for the Park and Loans. The risk will reside in the Midwest Hub Book.  Hunter 
 I would like to see your work as well.  I will give you a call.  Thanks Hunter 
 Kam  can you add Geof Storey?  Thanks Hunter 
 what is the latest  Hunter 
 Sounds good....marty mare knows where to get them as well.  See you Monday 
 the guys are not listed 
 Tim  I thou