 Jana, would you please add me to your cc: list for these calls.  Thanks.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Dear Mr. Schaeffer,  Apologies for the delay in responding to your e-mail below.  Jeff has given your proposal serious consideration.  However, given the current demands on his time, he has decided to decline your offer to join the Cogent Communications Advisory Committee.  On behalf of Jeff, many thanks for the opportunity and best wishes for success.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Patti,  It was good to see you and Mike last night.  I wanted to follow up on the MS150 - I can assure you that you will do fine without training (assuming, of course, that you have a bike).  I did it that way twice before with no major complications.  Given your running, you will do better.  It really is a lot of fun.  Sherri is checking to see if you can join the Enron team.  We will be the first team off on Saturday morning and the team has good facilities (tents, food, etc.) that improve the experience.  GO FOR IT!!  Jeff  PS - hi, Patti - this is Sherri.  I did check with our team captain and she said you could join our team so long as you do so by Friday.  She is going to e-mail all the necessary forms and information to me, which I will forward to you today if you are interested.  Let us know!  Hope all is well... 
 They don't have to be with the others, so this is perfect.  Thanks, Greg.  If it's easier, I can come to you...I know you guys are swamped.  SRS  PS - I didn't realize that I sent you an e-mail from Jeff's box - didn't mean to alarm you if I did! 
 Greg, if there are two more tickets available for sale for Friday's game, I'd like to buy them.  Let me know.  Thanks, SRS 
 Mark,  Jeff is considering taking Jeffrey on an African safari July 4-13, and was wondering if you would have any interest in joining them.  He is in the process of gathering information now and has not yet committed, but wanted to guage your interest.  He's looking primarily at the Ngorongoro conservation area and the Serengeti.  I can forward a proposed itinerary to you once received from the guides.  Please let us know if you're at all interested.  Thanks, Sherri 
 Brad, as I am cleaning out Jeff's e-mails, I came across this one from you. It appears to me that it has not been opened, so I'm checking to find out if you got the answer to your question.  Please let me know, and I'll try to get the information for you.  If we dropped the ball on this, I apologize.  Sherri Sera x3-5984 
 Not necessary yet, Karen, but thanks.  Fitz is out of the office until Monday, so there won't be any action taken until then.  Thanks again, SRS 
 Not a problem, Kimberly.  Thanks for the heads up.  If Franz calls before Monday, I'll transfer him to you.  SRS 
 Jay, Jeff received a call yesterday from a 2nd year HBS student and co-founder of a B2B commerce company - Franz Edward Alphonse - who wanted to speak to Jeff (for the ever-popular "5 minutes") about his company.  Jeff has asked that you follow up with this gentleman.  His phone number is 617.493.5597.  (Karen, I'm copying you in the event you have any information on Mr. Alphonse - i.e., did he interview w/Enron and if so, how did he do).  Thanks, Jay.  Please send Jeff a note with any update once you have spoken to Franz.  SRS  PS - I'm back from Italy and ready to have that drink whenever it works for you and Greg.  I understand he's out for a few weeks now while he moves his family to Houston... 
 Thank you for the information, Brian.  I'll make sure Jeff sees this.  For your information, should a need arise for you to give Jeff completely confidential information, his voicemail is the only secure means to do so (I do not have his password).  His extension is 3-6894.  Otherwise, all mail (e-mail included) is opened by me.  Again, thank you for your quick response for information.  SRS 
 Dear Mr. Buttrey,  Jeff received your e-mail and asked me to respond on his behalf as he is traveling.  He would really enjoy having lunch with you on your next visit to Houston.  Please give him a call when your plans are firm...he can be reached at 713.853.6894.  Jeff also inquired as to what you are up to these days.  When you have a minute, please drop him another line.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) e-mail: sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Dear Ms. Siska,  On behalf of Mr. Jeff Skilling, I am responding to a request from Mr. Warren Staley to forward to you the name of Enron's contact with regard to an information exchange on leadership development between Enron and Cargill. Mr. Skilling suggests that you call Mr. Steve Kean, EVP and Chief of Staff. Mr. Kean can be reached at 713.853.1586 or via e-mail at steven.kean@enron.com.  If I may be of further assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Rachael, well, I was wrong again.  Jeff said he is not interested in doing the morning broadcast with Sam Malone; no reason given, so I didn't ask. Sorry!  SRS 
 Brian, Jeff would like to know who the individual was that was communicating with the OOC.  He doesn't recall this situation - please advise.  Thanks, Sherri x3-5984 
 Samual, Jeff will be happy to take a photo for the Encounter.  Just let me know the details so we can make sure he's where he needs to be at the appointed time.  Good luck with the ride.  Sherri x3-5984 
 Good morning, Yelba.  It has been a long time!  You may not remember me, but I have been working with Jeff since the McKinsey days (my name used to be "Baumbach").  After reviewing your e-mail, Jeff suggests that you speak to Lou Pai, Chairman & CEO of Enron Energy Services; his telephone number is 713.853.5646.  By copy of this e-mail, he is advised that you will contact him.  Good luck with your venture, Yelba, and welcome back to Houston.  If I can be of assistance, please don't hesitate to call me.  And please tell Richard that we said hello.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) e-mail: sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Mr. Collins,  Mr. Skilling is considering this invitation and has requested a bit more information.  What time are the awards presentations taking place on April 11?  Mr. Skilling does have an appointment in New York at 8:00 a.m. on April 12  that would be very difficult to reschedule.  Given this time constraint, I'm not sure it will work.  Please advise at your earliest convenience.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 Fax 
 Michael, I'm responding on behalf of Jeff Skilling, who is traveling abroad.  It appears that this is informational only for Jeff, and you are not inviting him to attend the meetings.  If this is an invitation to attend, he is unable to as he will still be traveling abroad.  Sherri 
 Amelia, just wanted to make sure that you had Jeff signed up...I'm sure you probably do!  SRS 
 Hi, Suzanne.  I was wondering if you would do me a favor.  You have sent a couple of packages to Jeff's home by UPS or FedEx.  Unfortunately, Jeff is never there to sign for them, so the packages are delayed in getting to him as we have to track them down.  UPS is very good about rerouting to the business address, but FedEx won't reroute without the permission of the sender (i.e., you).  At any rate, in the future if you would send packages to Jeff at Enron Corp., 1400 Smith Street, EB5008, Houston, Texas, 77002, I would really appreciate it.  And of course, anything marked "confidential" is opened only by him.  Thanks a lot, Suzanne.  Hope all is well with you.  Sherri 
 Rex, the format you sent the document in will not open for me.  Can you send it as a .ppt document?  Thanks, SRS 
 Karen, thank you for the update.  Please note in future communcations that "McKinzie" is actually spelled "McKinsey."  As Jeff worked there prior to coming to Enron, this is a typo he would notice.  I have changed it in the copy of this message given to him.  SRS 
 Dear Neil,  Jeff asked me to let you know that he will be at Paul Hobby's open house this evening and hopes to see you there to discuss Genesis Park and Vitol.  In the event you two do not cross paths there, please let me know and we'll see what we can do to schedule a meeting before the end of the year.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Larry, we are in receipt of your e-mail(s), and  I will make certain that= =20 Jeff sees them as soon as possible (which will be this afternoon given the= =20 Enron Board of Directors meeting is taking place this morning).  One of wil= l=20 be back in touch.  Sincerely, Sherri Reinartz-Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 
 Thank you, Carrie.  It printed just fine this time.  SRS   Carrie Southard @ ECT   02/07/2000 02:38 PM 
 You're the best!  I owe you one.  Take care, SRS 
 Carrie, is there protection on this report that prevents me from printing it out for Jeff Skilling?  If so, would you please remove it?  I print this for him every day and fax it to him when he's traveling.  Please let me know how I might do that.  Thanks, SRS 
 Mr. Stuart,  Mr. Skilling has reviewed your communications and has determined that Enron is not interested in pursuing at this time.  Thank you for the opportunity.  Regards, Sherri Reinartz-Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 
 Jim, so long as you and Jim Derrick have approved from a legal perspective, Jeff approves.  SRS 
 The attached expense report has been approved.  Please process for payment. Jeff Skilling 
 THE COUNTDOWN IS ON!  The Associate & Analyst Website you have been waiting for is almost ready. It is called AXIS and the official launch date is Monday, January 31, 2000. This AXIS site has everything you need in a user-friendly format.   Find it at  axis.enron.com  For Associates and Analysts: Available rotation information Business unit news and data Program events, activities and other members of the pool Online resume and profile repository Knowledge management events (eThink) Important forms to download ( expense reports, loan applications, etc.)  For the Business Units: Search for Associate&Analyst talent using the Manager Toolbox Peruse qualifications  (resumes, career histories) Create and view rotation requests for your group Learn about A&A Program events and activities Participate in knowledge management events (eThink)  We hope that everyone will utilize this outstanding website because it was designed with both groups in mind.  We want the A&A members to know what is available for them with regard to business unit news and rotation information; and we want the business units to find the best match for their professional needs.  Check out all the features and help evaluate the content.  Let the Associate & Analyst Department know what you think and offer any ideas or suggestions.  Your input will be invaluable. 
 I found this.  Please disregard previous note. Katherine 
 Cindy, I saw this in Jeff's email.  Is there any information we can have so that Jeff can make a contribution if he chooses to? Katherine 
 Dear Mr. Beaird,  On behalf of Mr. Skilling, thank you for the offer of your services. However, Mr. Skilling does not wish to take advantage of the opportunity you proposed.  Many thanks and best wishes for a happy holiday.  Regards, Sherri Sera Executive Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Mr. Knapp,  Thank you for your invitation to Mr. Skilling to speak at the March 22, 2000, Energy Industry Restructuring seminar in Paris.  Unfortunately, Mr. Skilling's schedule does not allow him to participate.  Sincerely, Sherri Reinartz-Sera Assistant to Mr. Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) 
 Pam, I was going through Jeff's email and found this.  See below - it looks like this went to Catherine Brown of EES (my name is with a "K").  It looks like Jeff would be available from 2:00 to 3:00.  I will put it on his calendar to attend for one hour.  Is that good for you? Katherine 
 test worked!  Jeff is out of town today, so I'm responding on his behalf.  SRS 
 Awais,  Mr. Skilling receives this report every day, which he is very interested in= =20 seeing; however, especially when traveling, he is most interested in the=20 summary e-mail, not the lengthy attached document.  I print this page for him everyday and fax it to him if traveling. =20 Unfortunately, there appears to be something in the margins that prevents t= he=20 "To Date" column from printing.  Could you check into this and let me know = if=20 there is something we can do to make certain that the entire e-mail page=20 prints?  Thanks for your assistance.  SRS 
 Mr. Krings,  I received your voicemail this morning.  On December 3, I forwarded this information to Mr. Mike McConnell, who in turn sent it to Mr. Jay Fitzgerald, Enron's Managing Director of e-Commerce.  He is the appropriate person with whom to follow up.  He can be reached at 713.853.6161.  Regards, Sherri Reinartz-Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 
 Dear Mr. Dillehay,  We are in receipt of the above referenced letter addressed to Mr. Jeff Skilling.  At this time, Enron is not interested in utilizing the services Epsilon provides.  We do, however, appreciate your interest in Enron and wish you a very happy holiday.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Dear Mr. TenHave,  We are in receipt of the above referenced letter addressed to Mr. Jeff Skilling.  At this time, Enron has no interest in investing in prime timber/woodlands.  We do, however, thank you for the opportunity and wish you success in this endeavor.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Dear Sr. Rivera,  I'm writing on behalf of Mr. Jeff Skilling in response to your e-mail below.  Mr. Skilling is very interested in meeting with Sr. Rafael Miranda. Unfortunately, he does not have any planned trips to Europe within the next couple of months, though that may change after the first of the year.  If, however, Sr. Miranda has any plans to be stateside, I would be happy to arrange a time for the two of them to meet.  I look forward to hearing from you soon.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 The Forum II meeting will take place at 6:00 p.m. on Monday, December 4, at Vin-De-Garde, located at 3311 Sul Ross (check link below for map).  http://maps.yahoo.com/py/maps.py?BFCat=&Pyt=Tmap&newFL=Use+Address+Below&addr= 3311+Sul+Ross&csz=Houston%2C+TX&country=us&Get%A0Map=Get+Map  Please indicate your attendance below and return to me via e-mail (sherri.sera@enron.com):  I will attend ___  I will not attend ___  Additionally, a number of requests have been made to change the date of the March 2001 Forum II meeting (currently scheduled to take place on Monday, March 19).  Please indicate your availability on the following dates:  Monday, March 12 Yes ___ No ___ Thursday, March 15  Yes ___ No ___ Monday, March 26 Yes ___ No ___ Tuesday, March 27 Yes ___ No ___ Thursday, March 29 Yes ___ No ___ 
 David,  Many thanks for agreeing to speak at our YPO session on April 24, 2001, in= =20 Houston.  The meeting will be held at Enron Broadband Services=01, network= =20 equipment staging building, which is close to downtown.  We anticipate=20 attendance of about 100 people.  Breakfast will begin at 7:30 a.m., and the program will run from 8:15 a.m. = to=20 10:15 a.m.  The subject is "New Trends in Technology and Venture Capital." = =20 You will be on a panel discussion with two other venture capitalists.  I=20 expect the tone will be highly informal, but I will schedule a conference= =20 call (probably in early March) to provide more details and specific topics = of=20 interest.  Again, David, thank you.  I look forward to seeing you in April.  Jeff 
 Kevin,  Many thanks for agreeing to speak at our YPO session on April 24, 2001, in= =20 Houston.  The meeting will be held at Enron Broadband Services=01, network= =20 equipment staging building, which is close to downtown.  We anticipate=20 attendance of about 100 people.  Breakfast will begin at 7:30 a.m., and the program will run from 8:15 a.m. = to=20 10:15 a.m.  The subject is "New Trends in Technology and Venture Capital." = =20 You will be on a panel discussion with two other venture capitalists.  I=20 expect the tone will be highly informal, but I will schedule a conference= =20 call (probably in early March) to provide more details and specific topics = of=20 interest.  Again, Kevin, thank you.  I look forward to seeing you in April.  Jeff 
 Edward, Jeff is booked solid today and Friday and traveling tomorrow.  He then will be on vacation from December 18-January 2.  I would suggest that you send him an e-mail.  If he needs any additional information, we can try to get the two of you together for a few minutes the morning of the interview.  SRS 
 John,  Many thanks for agreeing to speak at our YPO session on April 24, 2001, in= =20 Houston.  The meeting will be held at Enron Broadband Services=01, network= =20 equipment staging building, which is close to downtown.  We anticipate=20 attendance of about 100 people.  Breakfast will begin at 7:30 a.m., and the program will run from 8:15 a.m. = to=20 10:15 a.m.  The subject is "New Trends in Technology and Venture Capital." = =20 You will be on a panel discussion with two other venture capitalists.  I=20 expect the tone will be highly informal, but I will schedule a conference= =20 call (probably in early March) to provide more details and specific topics = of=20 interest.  Again, John, thank you.  I look forward to seeing you in April.  Jeff 
 Sanjay, Jeff asked me to write you to introduce you to Gerald Chan, the brother of Ronnie Chan (ENE director).  Gerald has been investing in capital ventures in the US and Asia for many years.  Of late, he has been running into companies in which Enron is investing or is interested in investing, and Jeff met with him today to discuss this.  Jeff suggested that Gerald contact you to discuss further.  I have provided Gerald with your telephone numbers, address and e-mail address.  You should expect to hear from him shortly.  For your information, below is the pertinent information on Gerald:  Gerald Chan Chairman & CEO Morningside Technologies 22/F, Hang Lung Centre, 2 Paterson Street Causeway Bay, Hong Kong Telephone: 852.2894.9800 Fax: 852.2576.6863 e-mail: glchan@morningsidetech.com web: www.morningsidetech.com  Please let us know if you have any questions.  SRS 
 Kathy, Mr. Jeff Skilling has an Enron meeting on November 30 that will prevent his participation in the Houston Mentor Network Breakfast. Thank you, Katherine Brown 
 Ladies and Gentlemen,  Thank you all for participating on the associate and analyst PRC committee. I believe that the PRC process is the most important tool we have to evaluate Enron's talent, and your role in the process is critical.  With the all important year-end PRC quickly approaching, I'd like to spend a little time with you sharing not only my philosophy on the process, but also talking about the mechanics of the process.  There will also be time to answer any questions you may have.  To that end, please join me and Charlene Jackson for breakfast on Thursday, November 30, at 8:30 a.m. in EB50M.  If you are unable to attend in person and would like to participate by conference call, that can be arranged. Please RSVP your attendance to Cheryl Kuehl at x3-9804.  I look forward to seeing you on November 30, and again, many thanks for spending your time on this critical process.  Jeff 
 John, any chance you can sent this e-mail to me?  Apparently it has a "confidential" stamp on it, so even though I have access to Jeff's mailbox, it won't allow me to open it.  Unfortunately, Jeff does not check his own e-mail, and if I go into his machine, I won't be able to print it as it is not connected to any printer.  Thanks, John.  I'll see that Jeff gets it as soon as it's received.  SRS 
 The attached expense report is approved for payment. Jeff Skilling 
 Jeff Skilling is unable to attend.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Simon, I was unable to open the attached document for Jeff Skilling.  Could you please resend.  Thanks, Joannie 
 Hi, Beek.  I'm going through all of your e-mails to Jeff and am not able to find the information on Elvis' party Friday night.  Someone had sent an attachment with the details, but I was unable to open it.  Would you mind sending us the "final" agenda for the festivities this weekend?  Jeff will arrive in Dallas +/- 4:00p Friday night and will be staying at the Crescent Court hotel. Thanks so much!  SRS 
 Mr. Skilling will be travelling and unable to attend on May 24.  Thanks, Joannie Williamson 713-345-7774 
 Thank you for your e-mail.  Mr. Skilling is traveling for the remainder of this week, but will be back in the office on Monday.  Thank you, Joannie Williamson 713-345-7774 
 Please let me know if you have any questions.  I will send an e-mail with the in-room fax number tomorrow.  Thanks, Joannie 
 test 
 Stephane, I'll be sending to you today checks totaling $22,063.73, which represents 53% of the $41,386.23 total pledges.  I'll be contacting people today to collect outstanding pledges and will send a "care package" to you daily with what I collect.  SRS 
 Dear Mr. Morgan,  On behalf of Jeff Skilling, thank you very much for the invitation to speak to the San Diego Chapter of YPO.  Jeff was very flattered and somewhat intrigued by your offer.  However, given the current demands on his time, he must respectfully decline your invitation.  Please let me know if you have any interest in another senior-level representative of Enron speaking to your group, and I'll be happy to do what I can to facilitate that for you.  Again, Mr. Morgan, thank you and the San Diego Chapter of YPO for the the opportunity.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Stephanie, I don't have all of Jeff's pledges collected yet!  Do you want what I have (about 65%) or shall I wait until all have been collected?  I'll send out another e-mail today to the slackers ;-)  Let me know.  SRS 
 Gil,  Jeff asked me to let you know that he really appreciates this opportunity, but his time in the office is at such a premium right now due to his heavy travel schedule, it would be difficult at best to work them in.  He has turned down several invitations to join boards because he just can't commit the time.  So, while he is flattered by their interest, if and when Mr. Quackenbush calls we will decline.  It was nice talking to you.  Glad to hear all is well.  Yours faithfully, Sherri ;-) 
 Thanks for the invitation, Mike, but I will be at a wedding the night of the 28th.  Sounds like a great party - I'm sorry I'll miss it!  Jeff 
 Erica, the phone call on Tuesday, May 15, at 10:00 a.m. (CDT) between Messrs. Murdock and Skilling is confirmed.  Thank you for your patience while we worked this out on our end.  We'll await Mr. Murdock's call.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Thank you, Erica.  I'm waiting to Jeff to return from a meeting (within an hour or so).  He is currently scheduled to be in Europe the week of September 24, so at this time, he is not available for a September 25 dinner.  I'll advise as soon as I have a chance to speak to him.  Thanks again for your help.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Erica, thanks for the note.  Joannie has left the office for the day, but will return tomorrow morning.  In the meantime, I'll run this by Jeff to see if he thinks it makes sense. Do you have any dates for future dinners in mind?  The vast majority of Jeff's time is committed through February 2002, so knowing what the dates/timeframes are would be most helpful in the event we need to try to free up some time.  Thank you.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Erica,  Due to the fact that Jeff is unable to attend on July 19, I believe it would be better to reschedule the call for sometime next quarter.  Thanks, Joannie 713-345-7774 
 Erica, Jeff is currently scheduled to be on vacation July 19.  Would it be possible to schedule during the next quarter?  Thanks, Joannie 
 Jeff Skilling is unable to attend.  Thank you, Joannie Williamson 
 Shyam, Cindy Olson would be an appropriate person for you to contact within Enron.  You can reach her at 713-853-7418.  Thank you, Joannie Williamson 713-345-7774 
 Jeff has a meeting right after the building tour, so unfortunately he won't be able to attend.  Thanks, Joannie 
 Jeff,  Unfortunately, Jeff doesn't have any information on Rick Barsky.  Would you like for me to try and get information from anyone else?  Thanks, Joannie joannie.williamson@enron.com 
 Hi, Kristin.  I guess we got our wires crossed last Friday about lunch. Sorry about that.  He told me that you guys have rescheduled for tomorrow (Tuesday) at 12:30 p.m. and that you will meet him there.  I'll make a reservation at Carrabas on Kirby in your Dad's name at that time.  Please let me know if you have a conflict.  Thanks, SRS  PS - I also have you down for lunch with your Dad on Friday, November 10 - do you have it down, too? 
 Karen, heres the version of the PRC memo you should use.  Please call if you have any questions.  SRS 
 Jay,  I've always taken a pretty laid back approach to the noncompete when there is little overlap.  Having said that, however, I'd like to keep a "last veto" right - just give me a call when you've got something.  Good luck to you in the future, Jay.  You'll be missed at Enron.  Best regards, Jeff 
 Thank you for the invitation to Utilities 2001.  Due to a prior commitment, Mr. Skilling is unable to attend.  Regards, Sherri Sera 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Bill and Jeff will have their own hardhats.  Thanks, Joannie 
 Christie, please tell me you don't have Jeff down for this function.  He will be returning to Houston Monday afternoon.  Thanks, Joannie 
 Good morning Stan.  I am holding 11:00 - Noon on Wednesday for the building tour.  I think it would be okay to meet Jeff and Bill Donovan in the lobby. Unfortunately Jeff will be leaving to go out of town right after lunch, so I don't think that the tour of the Hobby Performing Arts Center will work for Wednesday.  Thanks and have a great weekend.  Joannie 
 The Stanford Business School, in collaboration with the management-consulting firm McKinsey & Company, is conducting a large study of global corporations, their management practices, and organization.  Enron is participating in the project in order to learn how our own practices and activities compare to those of other leading global firms and to see which bring true benefits in the global marketplace.  One of the unique features of the project is that it seeks to assess the knowledge and communication networks within a company by asking employees throughout the company to comment on their actual practices and experience.  The goal is to obtain real and accurate information by surveying the people most directly involved in the company's operations.  I would like to ask you to help us in getting the most out of our participation in the GLOBE Initiative by completing the GLOBE Network Survey.  The survey is brief and should take no longer than 15 or 20 minutes.  Your responses will be treated as strictly confidential, and will be used solely by the Stanford/McKinsey researchers to evaluate how specific practices and structures impact global communication and knowledge flows.  If you would like individual feedback on how your own networks compare to those of others in the study, please check the appropriate box at the end of the survey.  Please save this email for future reference and, again, thank you for contributing to this important learning opportunity.  To complete the GLOBE Network Survey, please click on the link below and simply follow the survey instructions.  You will need to enter the Enron Company Code, which is:  C673EV  To begin the survey, click on the link below: http://63.211.208.100/GLOBENetwork/survey.asp  You may also copy this link and paste it into your favorite browser.  Thank you. 
 Jeff has agreed to participate.  Thanks, Joannie 
 Dear Mr. Blumberg,  On behalf of Jeff Skilling, I'm writing to let you know that he will be=20 traveling on Thursday, December 14, and will be unable to take your call as= =20 mentioned below. =20  Further, Mr. Philippe Bibi, Enron Chief Technology Officer, is the=20 appropriate person to contact within Enron regarding your products.  I have= =20 forwarded this information to Mr. Bibi, and you may contact him directly. = =20 His e-mail address is philippe.a.bibi@enron.com.  Regards, Sherri Sera Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713.853.5984 713.646.8381 (fax) sherri.sera@enron.com 
 Good morning, Kristin.  Your Dad would like to meet you today at Maggiano's (located at 2019 S. Post Oak Blvd., 713.961.2700).  I'll make a reservation for 12:00 noon - he'll be there then, and I know you'll probably be a few minutes later than that.  Let me know if you want another plan.  SRS 
 Dave, please disregard my previous e-mail about the date and location in June, unless June 4-7 in Park City, UT, is not it.  As Jeff has to be in Wyoming on the evening of the 7th, it is possible that he speak in Park City that morning and then go on to Wyoming for the dinner he's attending there. I'll be back in touch once Jeff has seen this e-mail and responded with his interest...SRS 
 Dave, do you have a date and location in June?  The month is filling up quickly, but if they can be flexible, we can probably work it out if Jeff is interested.  Please advise.  Thanks, SRS 
 Thank you for the invitation.  Unfortunately, Jeff Skilling is unable to=20 attend.=20  Joannie Williamson 713-345-7774 
 Confirming 1:00 p.m. meeting on June 12 at the Venetian Resort in Las Vegas.  Thanks, Joannie Williamson 713-345-7774 
 Jeff Skilling is unable to attend.  Thank you, Joannie Williamson 713-345-7774 
 Kevin, just wanted to let you know that a sedan through Beal's has been reserved and will pick you up at 7:15a at the Four Seasons.  I've asked that the sedan stand by and take you as directed when you are ready to leave the North Shepherd facility.  Regards, SRS 
 Thank you!  SRS 
 Kevin, I'll have a sedan from Beal's (713.731.9233) pick you up at the Four Seasons and bring you to the facility.  Once you get inside, there will be a check-in table - the ladies manning that table can direct you to Jeff.  Would you like me to have the sedan stand by to tke you to the airport or another destination following the panel (which will end between 9:30 and 9:45)? Please advise.  Thanks, SRS 
 Kevin, I got your message about not being available for dinner -  no problem.  The other panelists were arriving too late also, so the dinner was cancelled.  I just wanted to touch base and make sure you had everything thing you need for tomorrow morning.  I'm attaching a map to the North Shepherd facility; it's about 10 minutes outside of downtown.  I would be happy to make arrangements for a sedan to pick you up if you like; just let me know from where.  The event begins with a buffet breakfast at 7:30 a.m. and your panel will begin at 8:45 a.m.  Jeff would like to meet with you, David Arnoff  and John Thornton around 8:15 a.m. to cover any last minute items about the panel.  I'll be at the North Shepherd facility beginning about 2:00 p.m. CDT today, so you can reach me on my cell phone (713.854.1426).  Do not hesitate to call me should you have any questions or need additional information as I will not have access to e-mail after 2:00 p.m.  Regards, SRS 
 Ok, I'll tell you what I've told ev