 new file.  try this.  Mat 
 Mog,  As requested, here is the Socal file.  Please keep this within the company, as it represents a competitive advantage to Enron. Thanks.   Mat 
 Yan,  Based on my review conducted the morning of February 6th, here is a list of items that need to be addressed in the next version of the West Desk's Flow Summary sheet:  PGT - These numbers appear to be one day off.  The numbers in the Test Sheet for February 6th are identical to those used by the West Desk yesterday for February 5th.  I verified that they are the Cycle 2 numbers posted on PGT's website for the 5th.  Generally, we use the Cycle 2 numbers, however, sometimes only Cycle one is available for our morning meeting.  Northwest - None of these numbers match our flow sheet.  It appears the Test Sheet pulls Cycle 3 nominations, whereas we use Cycle 6.  However, the website we use to pull the flows is generally not available to use until as late as 7 am (we are not sure why).  I understand you may pull the numbers from a different place, so we should find out whether you can get the numbers earlier.  TW - TW numbers appear to be correct, except for the IB Link number.  We pull the IB link number from the El Paso Blanco I/C point reported by TW.  It looks like your sheet pulls the number from the El Paso INWPLBLA point.  They differ by about 5,000, but I don't know if one is more correct than the other.  To be consistent, though, we should probably change the Test Sheet.  PGE - The numbers also appear to be one day off.  The numbers for February 6th are identical to our Feb. 5th numbers.  Is this a reporting or a scrubbing problem?  It is possible you are pulling the data from the website before they update it with the next day's data.  We manually type these numbers in.  If you pull from our spreadsheet, then the latest numbers would not be in when this report is run.  El Paso - Most of the numbers appear to be correct, except for the plant receipts.  The numbers are close, but we should compare our formulas because I don't think this is a cycle problem.  General - The "Difference" column of the Test Sheet compares the latest cycle for the current with the final cycle of the previous day.  This can cause intraday fluxuations in scheduled quantities to appear as day to day fluxuations.  Any "Difference" column should compare identical cycles.  I suggest that we add additional cycles to the Test Sheet for the current day and the previous day.  This way we can compare identical cycles as well as pick up any intraday fluxuations.  As we discussed, you'll let me know when you're ready to revise this report. These notes should give us a great place to start.  I look forward to getting this report ready to use.  Mat 
 I have consulted my partner, and it would be great if we could be added to the reservation list.  Please pass this on to whoever. 
 I'm going to be working late, and I have some errands I need to run, so I don't really have plans, except that dinner will probably be around 8 pm or so.  Mat 
 A-eet 
 Tom,  I believe that your right up correctly interprets the current model, but as we discussed, I think the more correct methodology is to use the next day's cash price since the Gas Daily print is for gas traded the previous day and delivered the same day as the print.  If I'm trading day gas on April 7th, the prices I'm basing my decisions on are those represented in the Gas Daily print for April 8th.  If we do not change the model, I think we need another sentence to clarify that the cash prices a day behind.  Of course, eventually we need to fix the model.  Mat 
 As a matter of fact, mark your damn calender......March 8-11....I'm in town and will hopefully be attending the Big Championship game Sat.. night, otherwise just partying.  Again, you name the time and place, and whoever else might be interested in "getting it done".  How's the residency going? Enron kicks ass, but I feel like it's going to take me forever to get where I need to be, and you won't believe where that is, but more on that later.  Go Syracuse. 
 Try to call me at work today and I'll give you the latest fare availability. 713-853-0472.  Talk to you later.  Mateo 
 Hmmm, I don't if I could pass up an opportunity to dive the Caymen islands. Timing wise the end of February still works best, but if you're still working then it wouldn't be nearly as cool as if it were March and you weren't working, so I'm willing to hold out until you know your fate.  Definitely keep me informed, though.  I'll just plan a ski trip in the mean time to hold me over.  Say hi to the crew for me...and of course, Jewels.  Mat 
 Andrea,  I'm rotating as part of the trading track sometime before March 1st to the Gas Fundamentals Group.  I'll get you the required information next week. Thanks.  Mat 
 Sara,  Yo, what's up?  How are things across the street?  Let me guess, you got all rested up saturday and sunday, then when out three nights already this week, and now are ready to go home, do laundry and sleep.  Unfortunately, I've been extremely lame, mostly because you got me sick...well maybe not.  Anyway, I haven't been feeling so hot, yet I did oversleep by two hours this morning which really helped.  Poor Ted had to pick the slack.  So, any big plans for the weekend besides laundry?  Superbowl?  Happy hour?  Toilet flushing into the phone?  Stupid drunk?  Mat 
 Mog,  Here's the Socal file as requested.  As I indicated, this information is a competitive advantage of ours, so it should stay in the company.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Trading was boring today, well, boring because I'm not participating yet. Soon though.  The superbowl isn't until 6 pm I think, so yes, I say we go someplace or your place.  I'll just tell everyone I have to work, which I do anyway.  It'll be my second to last weekend stint.  I'm jealous about you being in NY.  Have a drinky for me.  I'm going to look for some pussy on saturday...big "frat" style party at some chics place.  Too bad you're away...I'm sure we could do well.  Anyway, have fun in NY.  Mateo 
 Hey, I don't know if you've been reading any of those emails today, but please tell me we (as in me and you) can do something other than hand out with those fucking losers.  You know Mark's all over this fucking thing! 
 We need to work out a system here Kristen.  Why is it you are so freakin hard to get in touch with?  I asked you how often you check email, but you've never told me, once a day, week, what?  And this cell phone thing...Do you have it with you all the time...is it on...if not, how often do you check voicemail...how long after I leave a message should I expect to here from you?  I'm generally impatient, which is why it kills me to wait to hear from you, especially when I have not idea of what time frame to expect.  Anyway, I really need to make plans, otherwise I'm going to go to Utah with Dave, or San Fran, or Puerto Rico.  Mat 
 Yo, sorry I haven't gotten back to you right away.  I am still trying to figure when and where I'm taking vacation.   Puerto Rico is right up there, buddy, so what's the latest on the whole contract extension?  I checked some airfares a couple of weeks ago and, WOW, it was a bit high, which is why I didn't jump right on this.  I'll do some checking tonight, and I'll let you know what I come up with.  Ideally, mid to end of February is best, but of course, that all depends on if you're still going to be there. Anyway,  I just wanted to let you know, I'm still considering.  Mat 
 Brad,  What's up cuz?  Are the lights on in San Francisco?  I think it's only a matter of time before the national guard comes in to prevent rioting in the streets!  Anyway, I was just wondering what plans you have in the next month or so because I want to go someplace and do something, but I'm just not sure what yet.  I have a bunch of vacation I need to take and I'd rather not sit around here and twidle my thumbs.  Let me know if you have any suggestions.  Mat 
 Sorry, I'm busy...work. 
 Kristen,  I thought Mark had called you, but I guess not.  He said that he can't have Wendy and Amy change their plans, so he can't go on the ski trip.  It was pathetic....I heard, "so, are you guys still planning on coming that weekend?...well good...."  He proceeded to talk for at least two hours on the phone, and just mentioned the outcome yesterday.  I pushed him to give me details, but all he said was the cost was a major factor and that Wendy had time off.  I think he was bullshiting and that he never really asked them (I'm such a skeptic).  Anyway, fuck'm.  Any ideas?  Mat 
 Tom,  Here are the two curve files for this year that I have downloaded.  Thanks for your help.  Mat 
 Tom,  Thanks for the new version.  I finally got the other version to work, but only by running it on Ken's computer.  I have some questions regarding the summary sheet, and I plan on spending a significant amount of time with the model this weekend....so yes, let's meet tomorrow if possible.  I'm free anytime except between 9:30 am and noon.  Just name the time and place.  I also need to get familiar with the model used in Chicago for the real time decision making.  Speak to you soon.  Mat 
 I was waiting by the phone all day and night for you to call, but no, I was ever dissappointed that I was not a high priority for you.  I suppose I'll just keep waiting.  Mat 
 Angela,  Try this one.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Phillip,  I'm building a sheet for each person specifically for financial hedging. Each day it will pull in the previous days position and previous day price curve to calculate the mark to market.  Then that day's transactions can be entered to calculate the P & L of transactions which close out previous positions, as well as to calculate the new open positions.  Initially, I thought that daily P&L could be calculated by simply adjusting the P&L whenever a transaction was made by the difference between the bid/offer of the closed out position by the offer/bid of the new position (of course time value and storage costs would be included).  However, this only works if the person is 100% hedged, meaning they do not have any open positions which require marking.  As the seller of synthetic storage utilizing 100% hedging, I should be able to do this, except for the fact that I will have size limits on transactions that will probably leave me open here and there.  The main question I have is simply, "Should I be calculating the P&L for each person's storage book for open and closed positions?"  Then beyond that, if we do calculate the P&L's from the buyer side, it seems that if their storage is not hedged, I will have to develop the market value of the storage in the ground and the remaining capacity to mark to market it.  So, I guess I could apply the model for that purpose.  Does this make sense to you?  Any comments are appreciated.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Thanks for reminding me, I was in the process of emailing you, but I got distracted.  Anyway, it was working for Ken because he had someone's password coded into the file.  One of the IT guys found it and coded it into my file, so that I really don't need access anymore.  Apparently I have all the necessary software as well.  Thanks.  Mat 
 so not even remotely funny. 
 Tonight my ass...call me now...713-853-0472. 
 Hey, just wanted to let you know I made $10,000 today (for me that is).  Just wanted to tell someone...it's for doing the trading track.  Mat 
 Ina,  I need to be able to pull price curves from the Oracle database.  Can you please see to it that I get the proper access tomorrow.  This is required for a special project for Phillip, so it is high priority.  Let me know if you need any further clarification of what I need, but I think IT should know. Thank you.  Mat 
 Oh yes, I had a good time, although very exhausted from getting in late.  Did you have a good weekend?  Hand out with Marky much?  I noticed some of my wine stash was depleted.  Did you have anything to do with that?  Mat 
 Hey, we need to talk.  So far I've gotten Duncan's check and that's it.  I have not gotten the place yet, since I was waiting for you to tell me that they are on their way.  Since I have not heard from you, I'm assuming they are not....so what's up?  I still need everyone's email because I don't not have those original messages with everyones address on them.  I think it would be great if everyone who's commited could send me an email just saying when they plan on paying...I guess it's really only your friend and Duncan's friend, so I guess it's not really a big deal.  I don't know, I guess I just don't have a warm fuzzy feeling because you're the only person I speak to and I often times have trouble getting in touch with you, which by the way, you never did reply to my email asking how often you read you email so I know whether I should use it to get in touch with you.  Anyway, I just got back from NYC...had a great time, except for the fact that Scully feels the need to build a wall between us.  I can deal, but its just kind of annoying.  I just feel the need to put this skiing thing to bed quickly.  Mat 
 Well, it wasn't that bad.  I was delayed a half an hour from Newark and then was only about a half an hour late getting into Houston.  I made it to bed by 12:15 am and managed to drag myself out of bed at 5 am.  I have a bunch of work to do this week which SUCKS, but I'm interested and excited about what I have to do, so it's good.  Fortunately this scheduling thing has become second nature so I don't really have to think too much this morning.  How are you?  Mat 
 try this.  thanks.  Mat 
 So tired I am. 
 Who are you? 
 Well it's good to hear from you.  I'm glad the skiing was good.  I'm jealous, although I'm going to NY this weekend, and I'm trying to set up a day of skiing!  I haven't reserved the place yet, but as of yesterday it was still available.  I was suprised to get mail from Duncan yesterday...then I realized it was a check...cool.  So, when do you think the rest will be on the way.  Once I know, I'll go ahead and get the place.  Give me a call, though.  I'll try you today if I don't hear from you first.  I'm leaving for NY tomorrow morning, but I'll have my phone all weekend.  Stay cool.  Mateo. 
 I want my bed, too.  Ideally, I'm going to take a nap when I get home so I can go out later.  If I can't nap then I'm not going out because I definitely want to go out tomorrow...not too hard though because I'm saving some steam for NYC baby.  The AGA storage injection number came out low, so I think we're losing a bunch of money today.  Oh well, it's the new year.  Don't you want to hear about my new project, though?  I can tell because you're so inquisitive...I guess I'll just wait for the weekend.  Later. 
 Are you busy? 
 Did you have fun last night? 
 Hey, are you at work today? 
 Good Morning.   Sorry I didn't call last night...I went out and it was late when I got home, and not knowing how late you were going to be out, I decided not to take the chance of waking you.  So did you have a good time?  Who did you go with?  I didn't think you were going out until the weekend - you little party animal.  That means you must have missed Buffy and Angel!  Oh I bet you taped it though, and no I didn't watch them incase you were wondering.  Remind me to tell you about a new project I may get involved in.  If I kick ass, there's a small chance it could be a fast track to getting a trading book.  Oh, and have you talked to Dave lately?  He said his dinner went well, and although they didn't offer as much money as he was hoping, I think it was a lot and I bet the farm that he'll take it.  Anyway, I have to run.  Have a nice day.  Mat 
 Cheryl,  I will be attending the reception on Thursday for the A/A program.  Thanks.  Mathew Smith 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah... 
 Hey, I'm going to give your resume to this girl, and I'll let you know when to follow up.  Mat 
 OH MY GOD, THIS IS WAY TOO FUCKING WEIRD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I sent you the message below earlier today and had two emails waiting for me this afternoon.  One indicating that I sent it to the wrong address and your email.  I can't believe it!  The worst part about it is that, yes, I am planning a trip to NYC, and I'm going to be there this weekend, which was the point of my email this morning!  HOLY SHIT!  THAT SUCKS!  I can't believe you're not going to be there.  When are you leaving/coming back?  I try to call you, but I don't know if I still have you're numbers (I've been useless since my Palm Pilot crashed).  Anyway, again, this is freaky.  Pres    The original message was received at Mon, 8 Jan 2001 21:04:20 GMT from [172.28.10.38]  ----- The following addresses had permanent fatal errors ----- <andy.brief@yahoo.com>  ----- Transcript of session follows ----- ... while talking to mx1.mail.yahoo.com.: >>> DATA <<< 554 delivery error: dd This user doesn't have a yahoo.com account (andy.brief@yahoo.com) - mta108.mail.yahoo.com 554 <andy.brief@yahoo.com>... Service unavailable  ----- Original message follows ----- 
 Brief,  You name the time and the place between 2:30 pm Friday January 12th through 12 pm Monday January 15th!  Pres  713-784-8180 h 713-853-0472 w 832-444-7702 m 
 Basically, you don't want to talk to me anymore :(  I just want to be loved....  Just kidding, I can't really respond right now, so I'll give you a call later.  I don't think I'm going to come now, so the time constraint is off.  Mat 
 That;'s funny.  I must have missed your call the other day.  Mark must not have given me the message or the answering machine is broke.  Regardless, I'll be available all weekend with my phone with at all times.  You could also try my work number as I'm working this weekend.  Mat 
 Matt, I'm sorry I have'nt done any testing.  I'm working this weekend so I'll give it a go.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Well if you're still there, I hope the studying is going well.  Malo means bad.  I feel bad because today was a big cluster fuck on the socal system. The reason I feel bad is Jan was out today (she usually does Socal) and either Ted or I was going to fill in for her.  Neither of us wanted to do it, and Ted got stuck with it.  Well...I would have done it, but I was out until 2 am last night and I didn't want to fuck up because of it.  Socal can be high stress because there are huge time constraints and its the most expensive gas in the country.  Anyway, a bunch of shit got fucked up.  It's not Ted's fault, but he really had a rough day because of it.  I think I might have been able to do a better job, but I knew there was chance for error because neither of us have done it in a while.  I feel bad. Regardless, I'm pretty whipped and am looking forward to going home.  Of course, I have a whole weekend of work to look forward to!  Anwyay, it looks like I'm about done here, so I have one last word for you..........................Adios. 
 Hola, como estas?  yo estoy malo. 
 FYI  How are you feeling today?  I couldn't get to sleep until 11 pm, but I=20 actually feel pretty good.  I'm excited because Steve H. replied and said I= =20 could definitely come down, although, he said are contract is over at the e= nd=20 of jan and his tour might be over!  still waiting to hear whether a=20 non-renewal is a realistic possibility or whether its like every other year= . =20 I thought you mentioned that we got all that 8 mil or whatever of work down= =20 there.  Interesting.... anyway, I finally got signed up for the continental= =20 travel specials.  I assume you get them but just incase you wanted to go to= =20 Louisville, KY or something, I thought I'd send it along.  I'd take=20 advantage, but I'm have to work a few hours this weekend and I think its a= =20 little late to switch with somebody. =20  Well, I should get back to work although it looks like now is just a sit=20 around and bullshit about California gas period in the day.  Later....=20 
 That is good to hear.  Give me a call today as you indicated.  Mat 
 Steve,  I'm real flexible on timing, but this whole - you may not be there thing - definitely restricts the possibilities.  What are the chances of a follow-on tour?  Won't the contract be renewed?  If your tour was indeed over, would how long would you be there both with and without a contract extension? Which weekend do you intend to be around and wish to have company.  The later the better for me, but seriously, I could probably get on plane next weekend if that was the only opportunity.  I'll give a call sometime, but I don't think I have the number anywhere.  Can you send it to me?  FYI, my numbers are as follows:  w 713-853-0472, h 713-784-8180, m 832-444-7702.  Later dude. 
 David,  This one is very similar to the one you just did.  In fact, the data is almost identical.  We download power plant outage data from the California ISO website (manual until you guys get some free time to set up an automated scrape).  Anyway, the data gets into an Access database of mine in a table with key fields:  Date and Res Name.  The other fields include Type (planned or unplanned), Owner, Location, plant capacity, and of course, the quantity of the outage.  So, we need basically the large table as the one you did which lists each plant and the outage for "today" and let's say 1 week in the past.  We cannot go in the future because the data gets posted daily for that day only.  Then the other table will just summarize the total "Planned" and "Unplanned" by region.   A copy of the database is attached.  Let me know when you have a chance to start working on it.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Hey, I just wanted to let you know that it's 7 pm Wednesday and I still have not received any emails from you regarding the ski trip. 
 Louis,  When I started July 31st, you arranged parking for me in the Regency garage until the time that a spot opened up to get on an Enron contract (I am not currently).  I haven't heard anything, and I know some people that have obtained Enron parking.  I signed my name to a list that you circulated at orientation.  Is there something further that I need to do?  Mathew Smith 3-0472 
 Steve,  Hey, what's up my friend?  I hear that business is well in Puerto Rico (although that was quite awhile ago so who knows).  I'm assuming that you are, indeed, still there.  I can't believe that I've just finished my fifth month with Enron.  It's been great, though.  Everything is new so I'm learning a ton.  Working on a trading floor is quite a different environment than Pirnie.  My desk is so small it reminds of Puerto Rico, although there are no bomb threats, the bell does not sound at lunch,  and the number of holidays does not exceed the number of work days in the year.  I've recently been accepted into a subprogram of the program I'm in to become a trader, so my next year is pretty much planned and eventually I'll start trading.  Anyway... I was just thinking the other day that I miss my trips to the island (especially my accomodations at the Excelsior), and I can't help feeling a little shorted that I didn't get a follow-up event of the Reggae tour or diving trip.  So I was wondering if maybe I should come down some weekend and make it right., you know put all of the planets back in alignment.  So I was wondering if you might be able to put me up for a weekend and maybe do some diving or something.  If not, then no big deal, there's about zillion places I'd like to visit in the next few months.  Just drop me a note sometime and let me know what you think.  Please say hello to Pat, Joanne and Juan Carlos for me.  By the way, it was bittersweet to hear Barry left soon after I did.  Had he done so sooner, I would have taken his spot!  Anyway, wish everyone well and I'm curious to hear what's happening on the island these days.  Take care,  Mat 
 Kristen,  Just wanted to let you know that I didn't get any emails from you last night or today. 
 Tracy,  I believe I neglected to RSVP to you regarding the Associate orientation beginning February 12th.  If possible I would like to attend a portion of the activities.  Since I have been with Enron for five months, I do not think I should attend the entire program, but I believe the Derivatives, Modeling and Risk sessions would be of value to me.  Please let me know if I can still attend these sessions.  Thank you.  Mathew Smith 
 Kristen,  How often do you check your cell phone and email for messages?  Mat 
 Leo,  Well, actually that is how I spell my name as well...but not Enron - one of the drawbacks to working for a large company.  Your analysis of the database structure and its intent is correct.  The extra table enables the use of a many-to-many relationship between regulatory items and facilities.  Joanne and I previously discussed the need to "keep track" of all facilities referenced in a particular order.  This relationship allows users to query facility and review data related to an order.  For instance, if an order required the upgrade of chlorination facilities at several plants, one could develop a query and report that produced the results of all equipment inspections for the related facilities.  This would not be possible (or at least not achieved as easily) without the many to many relationship.  So yes, you are giving up functionality, so I would only consider eliminating the table if it would causing undo problems with the database.  As far as actually modifying the database, there would be some manual labor required for those orders with multiple facilities already assigned.  I have to go, but if you or Joanne need to discuss it over the phone, I'd be happy to with a little notice.  Mat 
 So, any more info regarding the chicks...or I mean ski trip?  As in, what people think of the digs, when people are wanting to go.  My update is that the best weekend for me is the first weekend in March.  As lucky as I am, it's probably the worst one for everyone.  Hey, do you think you could send me emails of all of those going.  I think we should start copying the whole group on correspondance.  Mat 
 Just so you know, I should be home around six or so.  Definitely going to bed early, though, and the Street is on from 8-9. 
 Sure, unless I'm on a flight. 
 Thanks.  I'll get her resume to you tomorrow.  She doesn't have a graduate degree, yet she probably has more experience than a typical analyst.  Mat 
 The ones to Hobby are American, and the others are Continental.  On American, the one's I sent are the about the only ones.  Continental has many available flights for about $35 more.  Mat 
 Complete trips  Note: These results cover a metro area with several airports. Review your choices carefully.  $237.50  Fri 5-Jan-01 4hr 9mn  New York (LGA) Depart 12:30 PM   to   Houston (Hobby) Arrive 3:39 PM Flight: 1669   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --   Sun 7-Jan-01 3hr 17mn  Houston (Hobby) Depart 6:55 PM   to   New York (LGA) Arrive 11:12 PM Flight: 1454  Details and purchase options.    $237.50  Fri 5-Jan-01 4hr 22mn  New York (LGA) Depart 5:30 PM   to   Houston (Hobby) Arrive 8:52 PM Flight: 1685   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --   Sun 7-Jan-01 3hr 17mn  Houston (Hobby) Depart 6:55 PM   to   New York (LGA) Arrive 11:12 PM Flight: 1454  Details and purchase options. 
 Total price for this trip: $268.50 Here is a detailed description of the flight(s) you selected, along with any rules and restrictions that apply.  1  Review the flight details   Fri 5-Jan-01  1415 mi 4hr 0mn New York (LGA) Depart 3:00 PM  to  Houston (IAH) Arrive 6:00 PM Flight: 1975  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --  Economy/Coach Class, Snack, Boeing 737-300, 60% on time   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --   Total miles: 1415 mi Total flight time: 4hr 0mn  Sun 7-Jan-01  1415 mi 3hr 13mn Houston (IAH) Depart 5:47 PM  to  New York (LGA) Arrive 10:00 PM Flight: 1974 
 Donde estas?  Tu no me escuche!  Yo necesito te hablar. 
 Seeing as how its 6:13 pm central time and I didn't know you sent the email until I "manually" checked before packing up to go home, I'd say not.  How about that Instant Messenger, though.  Just think, you'd be able to send me a message and I instantly read it.  Almost better than email at Malcolm Pirnie. 
 Well, will discuss that later.  Call me whenever you want.  Mat 
 Helloooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo.................................? 
 Hey,  do you have instant messenger?  You're the type of person that would utilize it to its fullest potential.  Anyway, I have it, and I think you should so you can send me an instant message. 
 Hey, you know my email doesn't update automatically, I actually have to refresh it manually.  It sucks....  So, yes changes were good....although......I don't exactly know which changes you were referring to, but I'll pick which ones I would have liked you to be thinking of.  Anyway, I think I'm heading out to happy hour soon with jeff, so you'll have to call if you want to communicate.  Later.  Mat 
 Agghhh, it's so nice to get email from you.  I was thinking about old times. I can picture you right behind the cube wall in front of me and practically hear you yacking on the phone....or whispering to Jimmy.... 
 Jeanie,  I have a friend who is interested in an HR position with Enron.  She spoke of a rotational program for HR that I am not familiar with.  Do you know anything about the program, or who I might forward her resume to for an HR related position in general.  She has a few years of experience with a smaller firm, and I think she's looking for a company with a more established HR department like Enron.  Also, do you have knowledge of specific positions we are trying to fill in ENA?  Any info would be helpful.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Hey, are you there..............................? 
 Jeanie,  As you may already know, I'm scheduling on the West Gas Desk....Socal, El Paso, TW, Williams, etc.  Do you need any more info?  Do you have any more info on how this program is going to be structured?  If so, I'd be interested.  See you around,  Mat 
 I agree.  Everything is just peachy up here.  My scheduling group wants me to stay in this rotation for another month, and I think Philip has ok'ed it.  He also thinks that for my next rotation, he'll just switch me with an analyst in the risk group that works on our books, soooooooooo....I'm curious how this "track" will actually affect me.  Happy hour tomorrow?  Mat 
 Hey, I, for some reason, just got your email.  Anyway,  I'll try to call you later in the morning, but if you want to call me at work my # is 713-853-0472.  Talk to you soon.  Mat 
 Hey, you still coming to H-town? 
 no. 
 Seriously, you better fucking call me.  Mark's away and I'm lonely. 
 My response is that you need to call me tonight because email sucks. 
 Damn it!  What did I say?  Do you read your emails or what?  I want descriptions!  I want chicks.  I need a chick.  I need a really cool  chick to hang out with. 
 Aah, thanks for the clarification. 
 new file:  Thanks,  Mat 
 Mark,  Did we not already do this?  Mat 
 Thanks. 
 Cool.  I actually left a message with Ted, but obviously I've heard nothing. 
 I think they met all of the candidates and decided to scrap the whole program.  Either that or Ted's buying time to go out and find more candidates.   It's very dissappointing that we have heard absolutely nothing thus far.  I'm too chickenshit to ask Phillip.  Early today three of the six people I interviewed with were in my area talking...its sucks just knowing that they know and aren't offering any info. 
 huh? 
 Any news yet? 
 I need descriptions of all the people on the mailing list that I don't already know. 
 Everything went well, and you?  We are suppose to hear today!  I don't know what time...but I guess this means you haven't heard anything yet.  Let me know when you do, and I'll do the same.  I'm sure we both did fine, since they didn't give us the technical tests. 
 Pablo,  Have we made any progress on finding out why the Northwest website is not accessible before 7 am?  For your reference the error message is below.  The address is http://www.1line.williams.com/webbi/ebb/main.    Error 500--Internal Server Error From RFC 2068 Hypertext Transfer Protocol -- HTTP/1.1: 10.5.1 500 Internal Server Error The server encountered an unexpected condition which prevented it from fulfilling the request.   Thanks.  Mat 
 Mi casa es su casa.  I've got plenty of room.  Hey what's this I hear about you and Heather looking for a plot of land? 
 Abijeet,  Here are the ones I did for you to check against your values.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Awesome dude!  I'll definitely be around.  Hey, maybe you can bring my wine (or the empty bottles which is probably more likely).  Mat 
 Make sure you take care of Dave... 
 What are we going to do, Brief.  I can only say that will probably hit the City sometime during the upcoming holidays.  I will promise to give you some warning so that we can get together, and maybe I'll even stay more than a day this time...  Anyway, I hope your Thanksgiving was nice, although it sounds like your work responsibilities are indifferent to holidays.  I had a nice time at home and I saw Rent while I was in the City Sunday.  I give you a call soon.  Mat 
 Thursday definitely no...friday maybe.  Also Dave Shank is in town to work with Marine this week.  You remember Dave don't you? 
 OK 
 Brief,  Sorry for being such  a loser by not getting in touch with you a little sooner.  It's totally my fault.  Anyway, I do want to catch up with you sometime.  Also, I will be back in NY in two weeks, but only for one day. So, check your calendar for the Sunday after Thanksgiving.  I'm getting in early in the morning, so maybe we could go out to lunch or something.  I'll give you  a call sometime this week.  When are the best times to get a hold of you?  Here's some digits for you:  w.  713-853-0472 h.  713-784-8180 m. 832-444-7702 p.  713-716-0795  You can pretty much get a hold of me anytime.  I usually work till around 6 pm.  Anyway, I speak to you soon.  El Presidente 
 I am available for any of those dates with very little preference which.  I would prefer a month long stay.  Ammenities required include, very large hot tub filled with booz, many beds with soft satin sheets, a fuck swing, a large (I mean really large) TV for various pleasure movies, a steam room, a maid, and a chef.  I also require that you keep me informed of the attending women.  I need to know as soon as possible whether I need to fly in my own to take advantage of such ammenities..  Gracious.  With love and anticipation of a memorable trip,  Mateo. 
 Pedro,  I'd like to help, but to be honest, I don't know what LPG stands for.  Is LPG a commodity? Gas pipeline? Pooling point?  Let me know, and I'll see what I can do.  Mathew Smith 
 Thank you for booking your travel with Continental Airlines. Below is a copy of your flight information. Please refer to your complete online itinerary for the respective details on your hotel and car reservations.     ----------------------------------------------------------------------  FLIGHT SUMMARY ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -- Purchased Itinerary Number: 1260184499 Multi City Booking ID: 27WLBA 1 adult USD 288.83 Taxes: USD 40.67   Total Cost: USD 329.50  Flight: from Houston, TX (IAH-Bush Intercontinental) to Rochester, NY (ROC-Greater Rochester Intl.) Depart: 22-Nov-00 at  4:50 PM Arrive: 22-Nov-00 at 11:03 PM  Depart: Houston (IAH), 22-Nov-00 at  4:50 PM Arrive: Cleveland (CLE), 22-Nov-00 at  8:33 PM Flight: Continental 1672 Aircraft:  Boeing 737-800 Meal Service: Dinner Duration: 2hr 43mn Distance: 1099 mi Economy/Coach Class  Depart: Cleveland (CLE), 22-Nov-00 at  9:40 PM Arrive: Rochester (ROC), 22-Nov-00 at 11:03 PM Flight: Continental 3116, OPERATED BY CONTINENTAL EXPRESS Aircraft:  ATR 72 Meal Service: n/a Duration: 1hr 23mn Distance: 245 mi Economy/Coach Class  Flight: from Rochester, NY (ROC-Greater Rochester Intl.) to Newark, NJ (EWR-Newark International Airport) Depart: 26-Nov-00 at  6:30 AM Arrive: 26-Nov-00 at  7:39 AM  Depart: Rochester (ROC), 26-Nov-00 at  6:30 AM Arrive: Newark (EWR), 26-Nov-00 at  7:39 AM Flight: Continental 3753, OPERATED BY CONTINENTAL EXPRESS Aircraft:  ERJ Meal Service: n/a Duration: 1hr 9mn Distance: 255 mi Economy/Coach Class  Flight: from Newark, NJ (EWR-Newark International Airport) to Houston, TX (IAH-Bush Intercontinental) Depart: 27-Nov-00 at  8:00 AM Arrive: 27-Nov-00 at 11:01 AM  Depart: Newark (EWR), 27-Nov-00 at  8:00 AM Arrive: Houston (IAH), 27-Nov-00 at 11:01 AM Flight: Continental  205 Aircraft:  Boeing DC10 Meal Service: Breakfast Duration: 4hr 1mn Distance: 1415 mi Economy/Coach Class     ---------------------------------------------------------------------- If you have chosen the E-ticket option for your flight(s), a Travel Itinerary and Receipt will be delivered within 3 - 5 days via U.S. mail. If you have specified an alternate delivery location for your E-ticket, we will send a Travel Itinerary and Receipt to the address you specified, plus a Payment Receipt to the address that appears on your credit card statement.  When you arrive at the airport on the day of your flight please provide the ticket agent with your last name, flight number and photo identification to receive your boarding pass(es).  For curbside check-in, present your passenger receipt or a printout of this message and photo ID.  E-Ticket customers can also use one of our automated eService Centers or ESC. Our ESCs allow customers to check-in and receive a boarding pass for all Continental U.S. domestic flights.  ESCs are conveniently located near the ticket counter and gate areas in most of our U.S. cities.  Baggage check is available at those ESCs located at the ticket counter.  If E-Tickets are not available for your flight(s), or you have elected to receive a paper ticket, we will send your ticket(s) and receipt(s) to the address you specified during the booking process. If your date of departure is:  -- within 3 days and E-Ticket is available for your flight(s), an E-Ticket will be issued.  If E-Ticket is not available, you will have been prompted online to call Continental Airlines On-Line Reservations at 1 (888) 815-2665 to arrange the delivery of your tickets. -- between 3 and 7 business days from today, by  2nd day or overnight mail. -- more than 7 business days from today, by U.S. mail.  Photo identification will be required upon check-in, such as a Driver's License, Military ID, Passport or an official identification card issued by a government authority. For questions concerning this requirement, please contact Continental Airlines or visit our web site at http://www.continental.com.  A valid passport is required for international travel. Some countries also have visa and/or health requirements. Please check with the embassy of the country to which you are traveling, contact Continental Airlines or visit our web site at http://www.continental.com.  If you wish to change hotel and car reservations, use Continental Airlines On-Line Reservations at http://www.continental.com. To change airline flights or for en-route assistance, call 1 (888) 815-2665. Please have your itinerary number available for the agent.  We wish you a pleasant trip and look forward to serving you again soon.  Continental Airlines http://www.continental.com/ 
 I will be attending the happy hour on Thursday.  Mathew Smith Associate, West Gas Trading 
 Angela,  It's me, your favorite coworker!  Attached is, yet again, an Access file with a table of historicals for clay basin (Questar pipeline).  Before they can be loaded, however, a new location needs to be added with DRN:  EBBCLAYHIST  Please make up an IHS id and the title should read, "Clay Basin Inj and W/D Historicals Only"  Thanks.  Mat 
 Angela,  Here's the NWPL historicals.  Thanks.  Mat 
 email 
 tst 
 I'm not visiting you.  You're just a place to lay my head. 
 ENRON ROCKS! 
 Tuesday is good for me as far as I could tell.  Mat 
 Imad,  Just wanted to let you know that I passed your resume on to the desk director.  Mat 
 Well, thank you for the clarification.  I was confused because I was hanging out with him Friday at happy hour and he said he was busier than ever.  I mentioned that I talked to you, and he had nothing but nice things to say about you.  Hope all is well.  Mat 
 I would look at it again, but I'm late for my class.  The only way to reach me is by pager - 713-716-0795.  Sorry,  Mat 
 Imad,  I don't think we have any open slots, but pass your resume on to me and I will pass it on.  When would your rotation begin and would this be a second or third rotation?  Mat 
 The happy hour tonight is at the Timbewolf near Bissonnet and Kirby.  It says 6 pm, but whatever.  I'll probably go then.  If you guys aren't ready, maybe I'll go and check it out before you guys make the trip.  Mat 
 Use this file, NOT the previous one sent.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Dear GEICO,  I have no idea who those people are that are identified in your email.  I would be interested in knowing how some random peoples' driving incidents are some how associated with me and my insurance application.  I have never had an insurance claim.  Please feel free to contact me with any further questions.  Mathew Smith   Dear Mr. Smith:  Thank you for your request for auto insurance.  Please provide the details requested below to expedite the processing of your request.  We routinely run a claims history for all new policies and the following claims were found.  Please provide details of each claim:  1.08-22-99  Gregoire B. Poyet-Smith  at fault accident  2.12-09-98  James A. Smith   at-fault accident  We will resume the processing of your request as soon as we receive the details requested above.  Sincerely,  GEICO DIRECT 
 Reagan,  Charles just got a phone call for you!  Apparently, his phone number is listed in the directory for you.  Since I didn't remember your number, we told the guy we'd pass on his name and number.  His name is Ted Spackey with Annachem 1-800-966-1186.  Oh, by the way, I ended up going to the Volcano last night til 12:30 and had a great time.  Those frozen screwdrivers will fuck you up.  I get half way in the door and one of the traders in my group comes running up to say.  I hung out with her and this other guy who's one of our brokers.  Random.  The broker was great to talk to because he had great things to say about Enron, and he wasn't kissing ass for the business because his last day is today and he's moving back East.  Anyway, I'm exhausted.  No partying for me tonight.   Mat 
 Hey, I didn't call you back because of the fuckup that I learned of right after you hung up on me.  I'm sorry. 
 Don't mess with Texas.....especially the women!    http://www.chron.com/cs/CDA/story.hts/metropolitan/637152 
 Yo, you about ready? 
 Marlo,  Can you please forward that email you sent me to Patti Sullivan since I have not used the path manager and my mail forward feature is not working.  Thanks.  Mat 
 I didn't forget, I'm just new to Lotus... 
 Marlo,  As discussed, I am forwarding to you two spreadsheets with the requested information.  Each spreadsheets are identified by month.  Within each spreadsheet are a number of tabs.  Based on the customers you mentioned on the phone, I believe you need only to use the "OCCMarkets" tab.  Customers are along the horizontal with dates on the vertical.  For each customer, several columns are used to identify the gas supplied to the customer from each location.  Please call if you have any further questions.  Mat 
 Hey, I hope you've gotton a chance to get a phone any everything.  I finally have access to all the computer applications that I need.  If only I had access to the directories with the required files!  Anyway, I wondering what you thought about drinks after work thursday and if you had any venue preference?  Mat 
 Thanks, Gwen. 
 Angela,  As discussed, the following file contains hisoricals for PGE.  Chris should have deleted data in the database from the middle of March back so you can import anytime.  This data goes up to 2/6/01 and Chris will reload from 2/7/01 to present.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Hey, I just wanted to pass along my phone numbers for future reference:  Office:   3-0472 Home: 713-784-8180 Cell: 832-444-7702  By the way, I finally spoke with Jennifer today.  She would like to get together with us for a few beers whenever we decide.   Mat 
 Lunch on Friday sounds great.  Mat 
 Regan,  Hey, I hope things are still going well.  I've been thrown right into the mix right away and have barely had a minute to breathe.  I'm scheduling gas after the morning trades have been made which basically entails lining up the buyers and sellers to exchange contract numbers.  However, it's a great place to learn operational logistics.  The intent is that I'll be productive in the role immediately while learning the ropes.  As they hire the needed full-time schedulers and I get up to speed, I'll move into market research for the traders.  My first such assignment is to value storage in different markets based on historical gas pricing and injection-withdrawel strategies.  Let's just say my plate looks to be full.  By the way, I'm sure you saw the previous email from our buddy, Ted Bland. Looks like he got the message, although I'm still feeling like there's still some orientation regarding the A/A program itself that we're missing.  For instance, did you see that there's a whole page in the intranet dedicated to the program.  It mentions month guest speakers and lunches.  I also saw mention of a mentoring program.  Of course, the A/A happy hours important as well.  I'd like to know more.  Anyway, the real reason I wanted to drop the line is to find out if you're spending all your time in Georgia, or if you want to grab lunch sometime this week or hear of any after work activities that would help in meeting other people at Enron.  You can reach me at 3-0472.  Later,  Mat 
 It's funny, even the southern ones.  How was your night?  Please send e-mail to my compuserve account from now on (mds12403@cs.com).  Thanks.  Mat 
 Sorry for the no call.  I was busy until about 10 pm and....well I just got interupted.   Anyway, I'll call you later...ok?   I promise.  Mat 
 Yes, I'm scheduling for the West desk, so I need whatever software package is required.  Thanks. 
 Don't get too excited to hear about the rest of the day...I don't have much positive to write.  It's been boring and I'm very uneasy about my role in this group.  More later...  Mat 
 Email and phone conversation at the same time! 
 Jeanne,  Per our conversation, I am requesting a check for the remaining dollar value from the relocation credit card provided to me.  The name as it appears on the card is Matthew Smith.  My new address is:  2345 Bering Dr., Apt. 514, Houston, TX 77057.  It would be great to have the check by the end of the week.  Thanks you.  Mat 
 new file.  try this.  Mat 
 Yan,  Please make the PGE daily report (#26) available on your website.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Angela,  It's me, your favorite coworker!  Attached is, yet again, an Access file with a table of historicals for clay basin (Questar pipeline).  Before they can be loaded, however, a new location needs to be added with DRN:  EBBCLAYHIST  Please make up an IHS id and the title should read, "Clay Basin Inj and W/D Historicals Only"  Thanks.  Mat 
 Chris,  The IHS DRN's are identified in red below.  Please make one up for the 608 Novelty Hill M/S point.  Thanks.  Mat  PS.  This just reminded me that we need to start scraping that additional PG&E point that we discussed last week. 
 Yan,  The merged reports look great.  I believe the only orientation changes are to "unmerge" the following six reports:  31 Keystone Receipts 15 Questar Pipeline 40 Rockies Production 22 West_2 23 West_3 25 CIG_WIC  The orientation of the individual reports should be correct.  Thanks.  Mat  PS.  Just a reminder to add the "*" by the title of calculated points. 
 Mike,  Sorry I missed you guys Friday night.  I made back from a golf outing around 9 pm, but you guys must have already left the Front Porch.  Anyway,  I was out the other night and met some Dynegy talent that were interested in an Enron Analyst/Associate and Dynegy Pace Program happy hour.  What do you think about the prospectsof a combined happy hour.  They have a group that goes out on the third Thursday of every month, which would be this Thursday.  Mat 
 Patti,  Chris said you had problems gettting to the manual entry website.  The link is http://fundamentals.dev.corp.enron.com/admin/manualentry/  Socal Manual Entry is the correct pipeline to choose (a slight change from Socal).  Also, we need to start entering the Clay basin numbers under the Questar Manual Entry pipeline, however, Chris Hyde is working to set up the page so that a delivery and a receipt value can be entered.  Mat 
 I am no longer looking for assitance in finding an apartment, but thank you for your attempts at contacting me.  Mat 
 Phillip,  Here's a copy of the spreadsheet we gave to Bill Bradford.  Our exposure  on the financial deals increased relative to the february spreadsheet from $45 mil to $71.  Also, we have one physical deal (next winter), which is not physical storage, that is marked at $12 mil.  The spreadsheet shows five synthetic storage deals with PGE Energy Trading that may have the wrong counterparty in our system.  I'm at the office and will be here through the meeting.  My cell number is 832-444-7702 if you have any questions.  Mat 
 Mog,  As requested, here is the Socal file.  Please keep this within the company, as it represents a competitive advantage to Enron. Thanks.   Mat 
 Mog,  Here's the Socal file as requested.  As I indicated, this information is a competitive advantage of ours, so it should stay in the company.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Angela,  Here are some more historicals for socal (I didn't realize we had these additional years).  They are in ADDITION to those already loaded.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Angela,  Try this one.  Thanks.  Mat 
   try this.  thanks.  Mat 
 Hey, I'm going to give your resume to this girl, and I'll let you know when to follow up.  Mat 
 David,  This one is very similar to the one you just did.  In fact, the data is almost identical.  We download power plant outage data from the California ISO website (manual until you guys get some free time to set up an automated scrape).  Anyway, the data gets into an Access database of mine in a table with key fields:  Date and Res Name.  The other fields include Type (planned or unplanned), Owner, Location, plant capacity, and of course, the quantity of the outage.  So, we need basically the large table as the one you did which lists each plant and the outage for "today" and let's say 1 week in the past.  We cannot go in the future because the data gets posted daily for that day only.  Then the other table will just summarize the total "Planned" and "Unplanned" by region.   A copy of the database is attached.  Let me know when you have a chance to start working on it.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Thanks.  I'll get her resume to you tomorrow.  She doesn't have a graduate degree, yet she probably has more experience than a typical analyst.  Mat 
 Jeanie,  I have a friend who is interested in an HR position with Enron.  She spoke of a rotational program for HR that I am not familiar with.  Do you know anything about the program, or who I might forward her resume to for an HR related position in general.  She has a few years of experience with a smaller firm, and I think she's looking for a company with a more established HR department like Enron.  Also, do you have knowledge of specific positions we are trying to fill in ENA?  Any info would be helpful.  Thanks.  Mat 
 new file:  Thanks,  Mat 
 Abijeet,  Here are the ones I did for you to check against your values.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Angela,  Here's the NWPL historicals.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Use this file, NOT the previous one sent.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Angela,  This file contains the historicals for Socal in the specified format.  Can you please dump them into the database.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Angela,  As discussed, the following file contains hisoricals for PGE.  Chris should have deleted data in the database from the middle of March back so you can import anytime.  This data goes up to 2/6/01 and Chris will reload from 2/7/01 to present.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Angela,  Here are some more historicals for socal (I didn't realize we had these additional years).  They are in ADDITION to those already loaded.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Angela,  This file contains the historicals for Socal in the specified format.  Can you please dump them into the database.  Thanks.  Mat 
 For later.  Mat 
 Philip,  I'm sorry this took so long, I thought I sent it ealier, but apparently not.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Mat 
 that bitch.  j/k.  thanks. 
 David,  Here's the information for the Portland database:  Machine name:  napdx-sql1 user id:  gasintranet password:  fundamentals  The Access database I created is located at:  O:\\fundy_ops\west desk\generation database\power_link_database.mdb  The qry_curtailments is the query i'm currently using (although it only has fields for today and yesterday, and i think i need more).  The tables for the query are dbo_LkpOUT_PlantCharacteristics and dbo_LkpOUT_PlantOutage.  In general, I think I need two tables.  One needs to show each plant and the other needs to summarize the outages by region and fuel type (both in the Plant table).  I don't really have a query that prepares the data for the summary table.  the other two queries in the Access database are a start.  The attached Excel file has two sheets with what I would ideally like the report to look like.  It might be good to group the first table by region and then fuel type as well.  When you have a chance to look this stuff over, I'd be happy to discuss it further.  Thanks.  Mat 
 and you think i'd want to go with them?  actually, i thought that they had a ticket for me too. 
 why can't you go, or do you just not want to? 
 For later.  Mat 
 Yan,  Just wanted to let you know I split the West_2 report into two reports as we discussed.  The other report is called West_3.  Also, the CIG/WIC report should be added to your webpage, but it's not ready yet.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Chris,  Here are the additional manual entry meters.  Those highlighted in blue should already be in the database, while green highlighting designates new records.  Those without web DRN numbers need Enron designations which I will leave up to you.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Mat 
 that's fine.  thanks.  Mat 
 Team,  The attached spreadsheet identifies the manual entry points for each pipeline.  Please send me additional points for your respective pipelines and highlight in green.  Make particular note of any information that will be tracked on a schedule other than the standard cycle schedule of the relative pipeline.  The blue highlighted meters already exist in the database.  Where appropriate add the IHS DRN.  If it does not exist, leave blank and the IT group will create an ID using the description provided.  Please let me know if you cannot get this done by the end of the day, since I'd like Hyde to incorporate these first thing tomorrow.  Call me if you have any questions.  Mat 
 Ya, it was finalized last thursday night.  this should already be in our forecasts.  Mat 
 fyi,  Mat 
 Amanda,  Yes, it appears that the link you set up works properly, however, I have a slight change.  Please modify the title to read "WSCC Plant Outages (portlant)".  Also add the WSCC to the description.  In addition, please add an additional link under the Power tab called, "Cal Plant Outages (Cal ISO)", with a description of "Daily plant outages posted on the web by the California ISO."  The file will be called "ISO curtailments.xls".  Thanks.  Mat 
 thanks. 
 i haven't created it yet.  I was hoping to have the link there, so that I can put the file in the directory tomorrow morning (before you get in).  It will be called "curtailments.xls".  Mat 
 Amanda,  Please add add a link called "Plant Outages (portland)", to the Gas Fundamentals website under the Power tab.  The description is as follows:  "Query of Portland's database of plant outages for yesterday and today."  Thanks.  Mat 
 Philip,  I'm sorry this took so long, I thought I sent it ealier, but apparently not. Let me know if you need anything else.  Mat 
 Dipak,  As you requested, here are the West Desk's forecasts for California Reciepts minus instate production by month.  They are broken down into delivery points onto Socal and PGE's system.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Amanda,  Please move the file i sent you from the Testing tab to the West directory under the Pipeline tab.  I have updated it in the Testing tab so discard the version i emailed.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Yup, my little bro is coming to visit.  We'll definitely be hitting the town.  Are you around?  I may organize something, so I'll let you know.  Mat 
 Orangemen suck.  I hate Syracuse.  I'm no longer a fan. 
 Amanda,  Can you put this file in the appropriate directory, and create the necessary link under the "Testing" tab of the fundamentals website.  It should be called Kern Expansion Economics".  I don't have a description yet (and I'm still working on the other one I owe you).  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks.  Mat 
 that bitch.  j/k.  thanks. 
 David,  Here's the information for the Portland database:  Machine name:  napdx-sql1 user id:  gasintranet password:  fundamentals  The Access database I created is located at:  O:\\fundy_ops\west desk\generation database\power_link_database.mdb  The qry_curtailments is the query i'm currently using (although it only has fields for today and yesterday, and i think i need more).  The tables for the query are dbo_LkpOUT_PlantCharacteristics and dbo_LkpOUT_PlantOutage.  In general, I think I need two tables.  One needs to show each plant and the other needs to summarize the outages by region and fuel type (both in the Plant table).  I don't really have a query that prepares the data for the summary table.  the other two queries in the Access database are a start. The attached Excel file has two sheets with what I would ideally like the report to look like.  It might be good to group the first table by region and then fuel type as well.  When you have a chance to look this stuff over, I'd be happy to discuss it further.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Chris,  The IHS DRN's are identified in red below.  Please make one up for the 608 Novelty Hill M/S point.  Thanks.  Mat  PS.  This just reminded me that we need to start scraping that additional PG&E point that we discussed last week. 
 and you think i'd want to go with them?  actually, i thought that they had a ticket for me too. 
 why can't you go, or do you just not want to? 
 Yan,  Just wanted to let you know I split the West_2 report into two reports as we discussed.  The other report is called West_3.  Also, the CIG/WIC report should be added to your webpage, but it's not ready yet.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Chris,  Here are the additional manual entry meters.  Those highlighted in blue should already be in the database, while green highlighting designates new records.  Those without web DRN numbers need Enron designations which I will leave up to you.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Mat 
 that's fine.  thanks.  Mat 
 Team,  The attached spreadsheet identifies the manual entry points for each pipeline.  Please send me additional points for your respective pipelines and highlight in green.  Make particular note of any information that will be tracked on a schedule other than the standard cycle schedule of the relative pipeline.  The blue highlighted meters already exist in the database.  Where appropriate add the IHS DRN.  If it does not exist, leave blank and the IT group will create an ID using the description provided.  Please let me know if you cannot get this done by the end of the day, since I'd like Hyde to incorporate these first thing tomorrow.  Call me if you have any questions.  Mat 
 Ya, it was finalized last thursday night.  this should already be in our forecasts.  Mat 
 fyi,  Mat 
 Amanda,  Yes, it appears that the link you set up works properly, however, I have a slight change.  Please modify the title to read "WSCC Plant Outages (portlant)".  Also add the WSCC to the description.  In addition, please add an additional link under the Power tab called, "Cal Plant Outages (Cal ISO)", with a description of "Daily plant outages posted on the web by the California ISO."  The file will be called "ISO curtailments.xls".  Thanks.  Mat 
 thanks.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Yan,  The merged reports look great.  I believe the only orientation changes are to "unmerge" the following six reports:  31 Keystone Receipts 15 Questar Pipeline 40 Rockies Production 22 West_2 23 West_3 25 CIG_WIC  The orientation of the individual reports should be correct.  Thanks.  Mat  PS.  Just a reminder to add the "*" by the title of calculated points. 
 i haven't created it yet.  I was hoping to have the link there, so that I can put the file in the directory tomorrow morning (before you get in).  It will be called "curtailments.xls".  Mat    Enron North America Corp. 
 Amanda,  Please add add a link called "Plant Outages (portland)", to the Gas Fundamentals website under the Power tab.  The description is as follows:  "Query of Portland's database of plant outages for yesterday and today."  Thanks.  Mat 
 Thank you for booking your travel with Continental Airlines. Below is a copy of your flight information. Please refer to your complete online itinerary for the respective details on your hotel and car reservations.     ----------------------------------------------------------------------  FLIGHT SUMMARY ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -- Purchased Itinerary Number: 1250475353 Round Trip Booking ID: MLXPO9 1 adult USD 184.19 Taxes: USD 21.81   Total Cost: USD 206.00  Flight: from Houston, TX (IAH-Bush Intercontinental) to New York, NY (LGA-LaGuardia) Depart:  9-Nov-00 at  4:00 PM Arrive:  9-Nov-00 at  8:30 PM  Depart: Houston (IAH),  9-Nov-00 at  4:00 PM Arrive: New York (LGA),  9-Nov-00 at  8:30 PM Flight: Continental 1976 Aircraft:  Boeing 737-300 Meal Service: Dinner Duration: 3hr 30mn Distance: 1415 mi Economy/Coach Class  Flight: from New York, NY (LGA-LaGuardia) to Houston, TX (IAH-Bush Intercontinental) Depart: 12-Nov-00 at  7:45 PM Arrive: 12-Nov-00 at 10:38 PM  Depart: New York (LGA), 12-Nov-00 at  7:45 PM Arrive: Houston (IAH), 12-Nov-00 at 10:38 PM Flight: Continental 1963 Aircraft:  Boeing 737-300 Meal Service: Snack Duration: 3hr 53mn Distance: 1415 mi Economy/Coach Class     ---------------------------------------------------------------------- If you have chosen the E-ticket option for your flight(s), a Travel Itinerary and Receipt will be delivered within 3 - 5 days via U.S. mail. If you have specified an alternate delivery location for your E-ticket, we will send a Travel Itinerary and Receipt to the address you specified, plus a Payment Receipt to the address that appears on your credit card statement.  When you arrive at the airport on the day of your flight please provide the ticket agent with your last name, flight number and photo identification to receive your boarding pass(es).  For curbside check-in, present your passenger receipt or a printout of this message and photo ID.  E-Ticket customers can also use one of our automated eService Centers or ESC. Our ESCs allow customers to check-in and receive a boarding pass for all Continental U.S. domestic flights.  ESCs are conveniently located near the ticket counter and gate areas in most of our U.S. cities.  Baggage check is available at those ESCs located at the ticket counter.  If E-Tickets are not available for your flight(s), or you have elected to receive a paper ticket, we will send your ticket(s) and receipt(s) to the address you specified during the booking process. If your date of departure is:  -- within 3 days and E-Ticket is available for your flight(s), an E-Ticket will be issued.  If E-Ticket is not available, you will have been prompted online to call Continental Airlines On-Line Reservations at 1 (888) 815-2665 to arrange the delivery of your tickets. -- between 3 and 7 business days from today, by  2nd day or overnight mail. -- more than 7 business days from today, by U.S. mail.  Photo identification will be required upon check-in, such as a Driver's License, Military ID, Passport or an official identification card issued by a government authority. For questions concerning this requirement, please contact Continental Airlines or visit our web site at http://www.continental.com.  A valid passport is required for international travel. Some countries also have visa and/or health requirements. Please check with the embassy of the country to which you are traveling, contact Continental Airlines or visit our web site at http://www.continental.com.  If you wish to change hotel and car reservations, use Continental Airlines On-Line Reservations at http://www.continental.com. To change airline flights or for en-route assistance, call 1 (888) 815-2665. Please have your itinerary number available for the agent.  We wish you a pleasant trip and look forward to serving you again soon.  Continental Airlines http://www.continental.com/ 
 Dipak,  As you requested, here are the West Desk's forecasts for California Reciepts minus instate production by month.  They are broken down into delivery points onto Socal and PGE's system.  Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks.  Mat 
 Amanda,  Please move the file i sent you from the Testing tab to the West directory under the Pipeline tab.  I have updated it in the Testing tab so discard the version i emailed.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Yup, my little bro is coming to visit.  We'll definitely be hitting the town.  Are you around?  I may organize something, so I'll let you know.  Mat 
 Orangemen suck.  I hate Syracuse.  I'm no longer a fan. 
 Amanda,  Can you put this file in the appropriate directory, and create the necessary link under the "Testing" tab of the fundamentals website.  It should be called Kern Expansion Economics".  I don't have a description yet (and I'm still working on the other one I owe you).  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Ok Chris.  this is it.  Three tabs each with NEW meters to add to the database with unique identifiers.  The third tab has four points that need IHS numbers assigned.  These four should be assigned to the Questar pipeline.  Thanks.  Mat 
 waking up with a toilet by my head was a wonderful feeling!  and, boy did i feel great the next day.  Get this....I get on my little rinky dink plane to Philadelphia, and as i walk passed the flight attendant, i hear this voice................."mat?".   I turn and the flight attendant is none other than.........Heather Chapin!  Although she offered me all the booz i could drink, i could drink none.  i would have eaten some food if offered, but judging by the double-chin she has developed, i'm guessing she ate it all.  Anyway, from what i remember, i had a great time, although a little dissappointed at the Syracuse'esk finish of the rest of the Brother Jimmy's team.  I'll be thinking about you guys this weekend when i'm outside drinking my green beer.  About the trips...i don't know anything yet, except that Jazzfest is looking bad since no one can seem to find a hotel with availability.  Later, Mateo 
 Dad told about you changing the ticket, but thanks.  Um, i look forward to hearing about this little accident (at least  i hope it was little). 
 Mike,  Sorry I missed you guys Friday night.  I made back from a golf outing around 9 pm, but you guys must have already left the Front Porch.  Anyway,  I was out the other night and met some Dynegy talent that were interested in an Enron Analyst/Associate and Dynegy Pace Program happy hour.  What do you think about the prospectsof a combined happy hour.  They have a group that goes out on the third Thursday of every month, which would be this Thursday.  Mat 
 Chris,  Use this file instead.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Amanda,  Can you please add this link to the fundy website under the Power tab.  It should be called "Proposed Gas Generation Plants".  Thanks.  Mat 
 Chris,  This spread sheet contains the new WIC meters, as discussed.  I also discovered that there are about 200 meters we current get manually for CIG that also need to be added to the database.  They are included in the attached file on separate sheets.  Meters already existing in the database are not included for either pipe.  Can you please dump these into the database and set up additional sheets in the Socal manual entry spreadsheet for these meters.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks.  Mat 
 thanks. 
 test 
 i would love to, except for the fact that I have a 4:30 meeting, because of which I had to cancel my flying time!  Call me later.  and by the way, i don't check my email that often, so you might want to try my phone or pager 8774892073@pagenetmessage.net in the future.   Mat 
 Chris,  I met with Phillip yesterday, and he had a few more items to add to his list of objectives for me.  For your information, the attached table provides the additional items.  Please let me know if you have any questions/comments. Also, the following e-mail from Mike Grigsby relates to the Socal sendout model objective.  Also for your information, I will be running Randy Gay's EOL product (Keystone Cash) next week and will be covering for Tori K during her maternity leave.  I don't expect these activities to interfere with my fundy responsibilities.  Mat 
 Once again, I was out when you sent me mail.  I went to NYC for a long weekend.  Had a great time, but I'm still exhausted.  Hope you're having a great time in Utah.  If you get back before the weekend, drop me an email.  Mat 
 4069450@archwireless.net 
 testing 1 2 3. 
 Patti,  Chris said you had problems gettting to the manual entry website.  The link is http://fundamentals.dev.corp.enron.com/admin/manualentry/  Socal Manual Entry is the correct pipeline to choose (a slight change from Socal).  Also, we need to start entering the Clay basin numbers under the Questar Manual Entry pipeline, however, Chris Hyde is working to set up the page so that a delivery and a receipt value can be entered.  Mat 
 Just one thing, my first name only has one "t" in it.  Thanks.  Mat    Enron North America Corp. 
 yo, i'm still coming.  saturday would be great.  I'm in the city all day and night, and the only plans i have are to go to the game sat.  I'll call you when i get a chance.  My cell phone is 832-444-7702.  Looking forward to seeing you.  mat 
 Hey fucko, give me a call.  You should come to NYC this weekend and party with your friends. 
 testing you bitch. mat 
 both. 
 So where the hell was it? 
 Well March probably isn't great for me anyway...going to NYC 8-11, and my brother's coming for a week.  So, I guess just keep me posted.  I took a week off and went to South Padre island so it took the edge off my need to get away, but certainly did not completely satsify.  Still looking for more.  Talk to you later.  Mat 
 I will look at it later today. 
 He's working for realastate management company.  very small, but of course, paying better than pirnie.  ms 
 I am no longer looking for assitance in finding an apartment, but thank you for your attempts at contacting me.  Mat 
 Of course I knew that.  The question is, why were you calling him?  ms 
 Matt,  Hey, thanks for returning my call.  As you're probably out from work, I'll try you again when I get in tomorrow (thursday).  I basically just wanted to touch base again since Ken has now moved on and left me with our synthetic storage project.  I'm also looking for a legal and EOL contact to help us develop a contract and run the bid process through EOL.  You may have provided these to Ken, but I can't get in touch with him.  Thanks again.  Mat 
 Sounds good. 
 Tom,  Sounds fine anytime is good.  Basically the parameters that need changing are those on the Optimizer sheet:  Start/End Date Spreads Max Inj/With rates Max Storage volume Selected Curve Storage Facility  I'm free all week, so let me know when and where if you want to get together.  Mat 
 Tom,  I took a few days off and just got back....  Anyway, I haven't tried it without the key, but if you say it works, then I'm sure it does.  One thing I'm realizing, though, is that it's taking me way too much time to babysit this thing through multiple runs of the model even when it does work.  In order to get the full benefit of your model I want to run it a zillion times for many different combinations of parameters.  So, if you haven't guessed already, I'm wondering how hard it would be to get this thing to zip through some preset combinations of parameters and save the results without me tending to it.  I envision a spreadsheet where I list out all of the parameter values for each run, and the model picks out the parameters, runs through a year's worth of data, and saves the summary sheet, then steps to the next set of variables.  In this way I could set it to run a bunch of times over night or something so it wouldn't tie up the work day. Would this be just a separate macro?  What do you think?  Mat 
 Oh, I had fun as well.  I'm glad you guys came.  Unfortunately the rest of the week was not great, but Jeffrey and I met some ladies friday night and at about 2 am we all decided to head to Louisiana to gamble!  It's a great story!  I went flying on Sunday too which was nice.  Give me a call if you want to chat sometime.  Mat 
 Hey buddy, what's happening?  Not much up here these days.  I took last week off and Phillip is out this week, so I don't have much to do.  I'm pretty much done scheduling and I start next week in Gaskill's group.  Anyway, you were going to send me the names of those guys in London we talked to about the synthetic storage, and if you did, I lost them.  Regardless, any chance of digging them up for me?  I may want to talk to them about their bid process.  I think Phillip is ok with going ahead with the idea, but I think I need to keep the ball rolling here with or without him.  Mat 
 Hey Anna,  Sorry, I took awhile getting back to you....I took the week off...  Ya, we tried meeting up, but I guess you guys must have left before we got there.  Our dinner at Sambuca's took quite awhile, I think we made it to Deans around 12:30 or so.  We checked there and the Hub, but no luck.  Hope you guys had a good time, and I'm always up for another night out.  Mat 
 I should be good for a place to say, but I certainly appreciate the offer. I'm definitely still coming, though.  Soooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, tell me when you're free, and we'll hang out.  You and Jess up for dinner?  Right now, saturday night is the only night I have plans (basketball game).  I'll be going out afterwards, though.  Just let me know.  Later. 
 word. 
 Jennifer,  As it stands right now, don't count me in for dinner.  I may call you tonight or tomorrow if it works out that I can come.  I think my friends would like it, but they're here seeing someone else as well.  If I don't make it to dinner, we'll definitely meet you guys out afterwards.  Mat 
 you didn't answer my question. 
 4069450@archwireless.net  you can send him email on it.  I want to know what its about.  Mat 
 Steve,  Yo, what's up?  I'm just sitting at work getting the weather updates from the meteorologists...................  Anyway, I was just wondering what the latest is on the the Pirnie/AFI saga. Are you out of a job yet?  I'm feeling the need to get the hell out of here and take a vacation.  Still thinking of your neck of the woods.  Got to run.  Mat 
 I'll call you tonight. 
 Hey,  I haven't heard from you.  Have you bought your Padre tickets?  Mat 
 Fuck, I'm writing this while I'm chewing on lunch. 
 Duncan and Kristen are coming Saturday.  I don't know about the Rodeo.  Over. 
 Indian chick is a party girl. 
 Hey Jennifer, I actually have a couple friends in town this weekend as well, and we'll definitely be looking for some of Houston's finest entertainment (and although the strip clubs are rated highly here, that's not what I'm referring to).  I'd definitely be interested going out Sat., but I don't have any suggestions as of yet.  I'll see what I can come up with.  Mat 
 Phillip,  Here's a copy of the spreadsheet we gave to Bill Bradford.  Our exposure  on the financial deals increased relative to the february spreadsheet from $45 mil to $71.  Also, we have one physical deal (next winter), which is not physical storage, that is marked at $12 mil.  The spreadsheet shows five synthetic storage deals with PGE Energy Trading that may have the wrong counterparty in our system.  I'm at the office and will be here through the meeting.  My cell number is 832-444-7702 if you have any questions.  Mat 
 I'll have to think about it.  Thanks. 
 Alexis,  I think I'm going to the cookoff, so I'm will have to decline.  Sorry.  Mat 
 Ina,  I was not out today.  Yesterday and today I was taking a class.  I'm sorry I didn't tell anyone, it was a last minute decision.  Mat 
 I told you I'd help.  Just be patient. 
 I look forward to the details..... 
 Hey honey, how was the Men's Club? 
 What is the deal with this glitter thing? 
 Sorry, Jeff and I went to happy hour. 
 No skiing yet.  Unfortunately, my trips are in limbo.  I'm pretty sure I'm going to South Padre island in two weeks, but the skiing might wait until March, except that I'm going to NY for the Big East Championship Game and my brother's coming down here for a week to hang out.  Oh well, I need the vacations... 
 What's up?  Any news on Pirnie/AFI contract negotiations? 
 Orangemen suck.  I hate Syracuse.  I'm no longer a fan. 
 Patti,  Chris said you had problems gettting to the manual entry website.  The link is http://fundamentals.dev.corp.enron.com/admin/manualentry/  Socal Manual Entry is the correct pipeline to choose (a slight change from Socal).  Also, we need to start entering the Clay basin numbers under the Questar Manual Entry pipeline, however, Chris Hyde is working to set up the page so that a delivery and a receipt value can be entered.  Mat 
 i'm a dirty boy, a dirty, dirty boy 
  Karen,  I would be happy to attend lunch on Thursday.  Thanks.  Mat 
 Marlo,  The name and number of the person to contact regarding the billing discrepancy for July 2001 is Mary Reid @ 213-244-3898.  Gasselect clearly shows only one trade for 43,559 mmbtu's from account 2527 to Z99.  Mat 
 Let's see...I worked a little on Sunday, but wasn't too motivated because of all of the turmoil at the company.  Weather was really nice, so Mark and I went to a bar that's half outside to watch some football.  Only thing is, the one game we wanted to watch, wasn't on.  At least there was plenty of beer.  Then we went home and grilled some steaks.  I like steak.  That's about it.  How about you?  Did you get all of your laundry done.  I didn't.  Mat 
 that's a really old one, but definitely one of my favorites. 
 Thanks. So, I'm curious to know how the run went Saturday morning.  I was thinking about you guys while I was laying in my bed slightly hung over... 
 Sheila,  Socal injected 110,000 for thursday the 25th.  Mat 
 hey thanks...i'll be there.  just got back from Portland last night and am going through some FPP withdraw.... 
 I'm on the 3 pm flight today.  If you wanted to take me, I wouldn't say no, but, as always, don't feel like you have to...  Mat 
 Steve,  Correction on that last email...WA Water Power (Avista) did submit the 714 form and is included in the PNW total.  Mat 
 Mike,  Sorry I missed you guys Friday night.  I made back from a golf outing around 9 pm, but you guys must have already left the Front Porch.  Anyway,  I was out the other night and met some Dynegy talent that were interested in an Enron Analyst/Associate and Dynegy Pace Program happy hour.  What do you think about the prospectsof a combined happy hour.  They have a group that goes out on the third Thursday of every month, which would be this Thursday.  Mat 
 sorry, this is taking a while... 
 actually, i haven't eaten yet.  i'll call you in a minute.  i'm on a conference call right now. 
 Bart,  Yes, you should be able to pull the loads.  IMPORTANT NOTE:  there are several "scenario" runs of the model.  You should only use the "New Model" scenario which, I believe, is number 25.  Mat 
 Since i'm logged in to this computer i can get mail, so if the phone doesn't work, just send me a quick email...  Hope you're feeling better today, and that bitch doesn't give you any shit!  mat 
 If you want, you can have Dave Woodstrom do the query for you since he should now have access with that ID. 
 Bart,  Just wanted to let you know that I just had access to the west region forecast data granted for the "gasintranet" ID.  When I get back to Houston Friday, we can set up the query for you to use.  Mat 
 Hey, what up?  i'm still in Portland, in the office right now.  Had a prett= y cool time this weekend.  Checked out Hood River, a little town on the Col= umbia River Gorge and then headed up to Mt. Hood yesterday.  I think its ab= out 11,000 ft high. There's a really old lodge half way up...it was almost = snowing!  Actually, up near the summit you can ski year round....but i don'= t think many people do.  The little trip made me think about our ski plans,= which we should definitely keep pursueing.  I apologize i'm a little out o= f touch up here in Portland, maybe I'll do some surfing when i get a chance= .  So, this chick fun...i don't really know what it is, but i feel comforta= ble hanging out with her...I think maybe its just that she's pretty down to= earth.  She ski's a lot and plays soccer every week, so i guess there some= common interests there.  She's totally not into fancy expensive things...w= hich is good because she's broke...want's to go back to school so she can t= each.  Only other comment is that she's got a little hippie in her...but i = guess you can't have everything... =20 Anyway, I took some pictures, so I'll send them to you sometime.  I have to= run.  Thanks for the email.=20 =20 Talk to you soon. =20 Mat 
 socal injected 101,000 yesterday.  let me know if you need anything else. 
 not too bad...i was late to work, though.  Fortunately...the day is over for me.  I'm leaving for the airport shortly. AND, i'm in a good mood because some the girl that him my car called and confessed!  She said she thought she hit a garbage can, but when she heard from the girl having the party that someone hit my car...she realized it was her.  Anyway, she called her insurance and it's all good now.  Well, I should get going now...  See you soon.  Mat  PS.  Sorry if i woke you last night. 
 Yan,  The merged reports look great.  I believe the only orientation changes are to "unmerge" the following six reports:  31 Keystone Receipts 15 Questar Pipeline 40 Rockies Production 22 West_2 23 West_3 25 CIG_WIC  The orientation of the individual reports should be correct.  Thanks.  Mat  PS.  Just a reminder to add the "*" by the title of calculated points. 
 your number is in my phone...can you call me? 
 no availability... 
 Oouch! 
 Hey,  I think I like to send an email to every that was at the party.  You wouldn't by any chance have a list of email addresses would you?  Mat 
 i think you have the wrong matt... 
 Joe said he found me in the morning face down on the couch in my clothes with the cat snuggling up with me. 
 get this......he didn't even wake up!  He had no idea that you were there and couldn't figure out how Murphy got out of his room. 
 business, thanks. 
 Mo,  Hey, glad to know you are recovering swiftly from Friday nights festivities.  I think I just might have finally kicked my hangover.  Joe said he woke up early Saturday morning to find me passed out in my clothes face down on the couch with the cat snuggling up against me.  As exhausted as I was, I had to meet keith at the office Sat. and then went to a party Sat night where some asshole at the party backed into my car and didn't even come in and tell me!  Now I have to play detective to find out who did it.  Anyway, I had a great time hanging out Friday night and I'm glad you did too.  Hope to see you around soon.  Give me a call if you're going to be around anytime.  Mat 
 Bart,  Sorry I didn't get back to you right away.  Because I h