 Ruth, Call me if you have any questions. Thanks, Theresa 
 Ruth, Here is an estimated November purchase.  Crestone won't have final measurement until next week.  Call me if you have any questions.  Theresa 
 Megan,  Congratulations on your new job!  I certainly understand you leaving.  I really enjoyed working with you and I'll hate to see you go (At least before the rest of us get let go).  Amy was let go last Friday here along with another guy.  It's only Mark Whitt, Paul Lucci and myself left.  I am working on the November producers today as a matter of fact.  I am hoping to complete them today or tomorrow morning.  I have a walk through on my new house tomorrow afternoon and could possibly be moving on Monday or Tuesday, otherwise it'll be next Thursday.  I wanted to get all of this out of the way before my move.  I'll get busy now and hopefully email you later today.  Thanks, Theresa 
 The only thing I'd like to add is the Quantum purchase for November is 1,000 Mcf not MMBtu.  We are showing a 967 btu factor so it would be 967 MMBtu at the wellhead less fuel.  Any additional gas would be under imbalance between Crestone and Quantum.  Thanks. Theresa 
 My husband Jeff and I are planning on attending.  Do you know if we are getting any special rates at any hotels downtown for that night?  Let me know.  Thanks, Theresa Staab 
 That was quick!.  You can bring it to work and we could meet for lunch one day.  Let me know which day is good for you.  Thanks, Theresa 
 Barry, The phone system seems to be down, so I'm e-mailing you to let you know that I've gone home for the day.   I will bring the pillow back tomorrow and get with you then.  Thanks, Theresa 
 Heidi, Since I have yet to use the gym this year - I think I'll finally get smart and q	uit paying for it.  Count me out for this round.  Theresa 
 Gloria, Thanks for the heads up on  9/01.  I'm printing the report right now and I'll get with Amy tomorrow (she's out today).  If you would like to look at August that would be fine - I would just like to stress that changing any receipts will affect our purchases and likewise with our deliveries.  If you could define the differences first then maybe I can lead you to where the issues are.  How does that sound?  I also think by doing this it will get you familiar with this pipeline and maybe in the future you could take this part over.  It's just very confusing at first.  Let me know , Theresa 
 I'm sending the invoice/statement via e-mail.  Let me know if you can't open it.  The Crestone OBA Imbalance is the summary we started on showing the discrepancies on the receipt side.  A lot of it is rounding from the Crestone spreadsheets to our "whole" numbers we put into the Unify system.  The other Imbalance report is on the 3rd tab of the Enron Statement report.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 and how might you want to be involved??? 
 What did you need to do to finish 8/01?  We have about cleared the interconnect issue for 9/01.  Theresa 
  Kim, Here's the PSCO website address.  http://www.ncenergies.com/WebEbb/html/GasIndex.asp  Let me know if you have more questions.  Things are crazy for sure!  We are down to 3 employees here in Denver.  Mark Whitt, Paul Lucci and myself.  Talk to you soon, Theresa 
 Gee Thanks Barry!!  You know I must say it's been a while since the Packers have had to worry about beating the Bears.  It's kind of fun to see an old rivalry back again.  The Bears are pretty good this year and if the game was in Green Bay I would really bet on the Packers but I'm just gonna hope they can beat them in Chicago.  I hope we'll get the game here in Denver.  GO PACK GO........  Do you care to wager anything? 
 The deal was nominated and cut to zero. 
 Amy, I just now opened my e-mail (7:30)  - I've been trying to figure out where you were because I saw the capacity reports and the Gas Daily.  I thought you left to go get breakfast.  DARN!.  I hope you feel better.   I wouldn't worry about coming in today.  Ty needs to work on our model before we could start anything anyway.  See you tomorrow.  Theresa 
 FYI - Medicine Bow incremental Firm Capacity effective 11/12/01 is up to 4530 from 3410.  As far as the maintenance tomorrow, Adele said they won't decide on cuts until after 1st cycle and then the cuts will be based on nominations.  I'll let you know after lunch.  Theresa 
 Rita,  Scott Sitter (Crestone) and I have been working on this.  Scott has been trying to reconcile with FUGG on the 12/99 - 10/00 imbalances, then we can take it from there.  I forwarded this e-mail to Scott to see when we can get together to finalize this.  I will get you a complete summary with all the backup as soon as I can.  (My guess is the last week of November - 1st week of December.  Scott is out most of this week on vacation and I'm out next week.)  I'll talk to you soon. Please let me know if you have any questions.  Theresa (303) 575-6485 
 Gloria, I was looking at Path Manager and it doesn't look to me like they even pathed this CAN point.  Let me know what you find out - Mark Bergeron at Woodward is expecting a call back from us (Paul Lucci) today. Thanks.  Theresa.  (The invoice they received must be based on nominations - right?) 
 I think we could probably do +.025 (we bid +.03 last month and I think he said .025 won.)  What do you think? 
 ENA will bid CIG Gas Daily +.02 for the Lost Creek Fuel Volume ( 500 - 1000)  Thanks, Theresa Staab 
 Gloria, Is there any way you could copy and send overnight to me the CIG invoices for the 33175000 contract from May, 2000 through January, 2001?  I am helping Darla and Megan reconcile the Citizens account.  It is changing over to Kinder Morgan effective Dec. 1 and we need to reconcile this account rather quickly.  I printed all other invoices on the Internet from CIG's website but they only go back 9 months.  Let me know if this is possible or where else I might find these.  Thanks, Theresa 
 It's 10:10 our time and I didn't see the fax yet.  I wasn't sure what time you sent it.  I have to take the kids to finish our shopping for the kids name drawing and we'll be done too.  We got Sierra an outfit from Old Navy - and I think she'll like it.  Talk to you soon. 
 Megan, Here are the producers for November for the Powder River system.  I don't have Lost Creek yet - hopefully before you leave.  Please call me if you see any problems.  There will be no sales invoice this month for Crestone and I've told this to Scott Dozier.  I will get the gathering to Gloria tomorrow.  Thanks again,  Theresa  (P.S. - you'll have to give me your new # so we can keep in touch) 
 I didn't see the attachment. 
 That's still not that great is it? 
 It probably won't be available until after the Holiday.   The reason I say that is because we haven't received the bill from Public Service yet.  Are you out any time from now until the end of the month? 
 I'll have Amy watch for it for me and get it over to Craig Lipke if it comes in while I'm gone.  I will be out starting tomorrow until Wed. the 28th.  If I don't talk to you before then - Happy Thanksgiving!  I hope you have a great one.  Theresa 
 Megan, I'm a little to quick for myself.  I needed to add the $15,000 facility fee to Independent.  Here's the new one.  Thanks, Theresa 
 Megan, Try this for Phillips.  Thanks, Theresa 
   I wasn't sure that you received the first e-mail.  Theresa 
 Mark, Please take a look and let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Theresa (303) 575-6485 
 Susan, Attached is an invoice which needs to be paid by 01/02/02.  Thanks.    I will fax the invoice to you today.  Please let me know if you have any questions, or need additional information.  Thanks, Theresa Staab (303) 575-6485 Office (303) 807-6131 Cell 
 I talked to Susan Helton yesterday and she is still trying to track down the rent.  She said she isn't seeing it on a "paid invoices" list so she's still trying to get it resolved.  She said it would probably be after Jan. 2nd since so many people are out of the office until then.  I haven't seen Todd or Wayne and I didn't see an invoice on my desk from them. 
 Sherlyn, I didn't send you a note, but please call me and I can explain these to you.  (303) 575-6485  Thanks, Theresa 
 Jeff, Attached is my resume.  I can probably be reached best on my cell phone (303) 807-6131 or at work (303) 575-6485.  Thanks again for thinking of me.  Theresa 
 Mark, I'm sure you've already noticed this, but our cell phones have been disconnected.  I thought maybe we could pay for the bill on a credit card and turn it in on an expense report. Susan Helton is trying to find someone to get guidance from as far as getting this bill paid.  She said in Houston they are no longer paying for parking or cell phones but she wasn't sure about satellite offices.  She would hate to see us not get our expense reports paid.  I'll keep you posted. 
 Mark, Susan said to go ahead and expense the cell phones.  I called AT&T and it was 176.92  so I put it on my credit card and I'll turn it in.  The phones should be on now. 
 This new counterparty is the old "KN Gas Services" counterparty.  They just changed their name A contact would be Lori Leyda at (303) 914-4914  Thanks. Theresa 
 Was our purchase tied to this wire your accounting group received? 
 Real Funny! 
 Alan, I'm not sure that our purchase is equivalent to the $1.55 purchase but I assumed you received an e-mail from Amy Felling in our office.  Here's the September purchase for September.  Let me know if you have further questions.  Thanks, Theresa 
 Ladies, Here's the revised September purchase.  Thank you Cheryl for bringing this to my attention!  Sorry about the mix-up.  Thanks, Theresa 
 Mom, That's sounds fine to me.  Would they go horse back riding that day or a different day?  Where they live will there be things for the kids to do?  It sounds like they have a lot of kids around so there should be things for them to do.  I talked to Jan this morning about a bigger cabin and the 10 person one is the biggest one.  She called and reserved another 4 person one for $100.  I'm gonna call Tim and let him know that he and Dawn can have that one.  I'll call you at work too  because I'm never sure if you get these e-mails from me.  Theresa 
 Carole, We have a conference call at 11:10 your time (ten minutes).  As soon as we are done - we'll give you a call.  Thanks, Theresa 
 I'm not sure if they are issuing any wires at this time.  I will try and find out. 
 Gloria, Amy Felling here is working on current month and I'll continue on prior month variances.  We'll let you know the status of current month by tomorrow afternoon.  Thanks, Theresa 
 I'm glad.  I'm very sorry about that mix up.  Thank goodness we only have one more month of this deal and it expires.  We did not re-new it.  Talk to you later, Theresa 
 Valerie, The prices look fine in Sitara.  I cannot figure out where these prices are coming from.  Do you know who we could contact regarding the input of these prices into Sitara?  (IF CIG and CIG GD)  Theresa 
   Please call me if you have any questions.  Thanks, Theresa (303) 575-6485 
 Crestone should not be charging us for UA/4 (Unaccounted for). Our IT-002 contract is "all inclusive" which means no fuel or UA/4.  Walt and Scott will be fixing our statement and our # in the system is correct.  We will forward it to you as soon as we get it.  Theresa 
 Gloria and Megan, here is the Crestone Gathering Service and Fuel Sale for September 2001.  (Megan - Do you finalize the Fuel Sale to Crestone?  (I'm having a brain freeze today and I can't remember).)  Call me if you have any questions.  Theresa 
 Hi Carole, The Kennedy deal is effective December 1, 2001.  Paul Lucci said we're gonna need to all get together before we enter the deals.  He did not say when that would be.  I would assume this week sometime.  Thanks. Theresa 
 Here it is again in case you didn't receive it.  Call me if you have any questions.  Thanks, Theresa (303) 575-6485 
 CIG Contacts for Enron:  Jackie Adams 713-853-3918 e-mail:  jacquelinep.adams@enron.com   Shelly Mendel: 713-853-1964 e-mail:  shelly.mendel@enron.com   Susan Scott 713-853-1455 e-mail:  sscott5@enron.com  Let me know if you need further information.  Theresa Staab (303) 575-6485 
 Megan, I'm not sure why this is showing up.....I think it must have something to do with the name change from Enron Midstream to Crestone....  Let me pull out my Oct 00 file and see what invoice # we finalized then because I'm pretty sure they paid us.  I'll try and get to this later today.  Thanks, Theresa 
 I believe they are waiting until they get paid from us before they pay us.  Do you know if they will get paid from us? 
 Genaro, We have fixed the pricing in our system.  Please re-draft and let me know if there are further discrepancies.  Thanks, Theresa (303) 575-6485 
 Valerie, I just wanted to let you know Logistics is working on actualizing a few days in September to correct the volumes allocated to each specific Greeley deal.  Jackie Adams is trying to get this done today.  The numbers in my spreadsheet by deal (bucket) are correct and we are waiting for the corrections in the system.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Theresa 
 Megan, We only bought this on KN for the 30th.  I think it should be fixed now.  Let me know if it doesn't go away.  Thanks for keeping your eyes out there on our stuff!.  Theresa 
 ENA bids CIG Gas Daily +.03 for fuel in November.  Theresa 
 The price for the sale back to you for fuel in September is 1.2497 (Avg. Gas Daily purchases) 
 Ruth, We made it back safely (about 1:00).  Thank you again for the evening...we had a great time!  It was great to finally meet you.  I guess the next time I'll see you is for Superbowl.  Talk to you soon, Theresa 
 Valerie, I should have Greeley on Monday for August.  Robert Poole at Greeley is still reviewing all prior months to see where we have differences and what is causing it.  I'll talk to you on Monday.  Theresa 
 I would like to be on the list if possible.  At least then one person in Denver would be able to get in.  Thanks, Theresa 
 Bob, I'll take Denver to Win. 
 Here's your Gas Daily pricing.  We'll see you tomorrow!  (Wish me luck driving for so long with Lucci)  Theresa 
 I think Citation should be good now.  Try and re-draft and let me know.  I'm working on your other emails next.  I'll take them one at a time.  Amy will no longer be here so I will be the only one working on this.  Talk to you soon. 
 I liked your flag.  I forwarded to a bunch of people and we all have it on our computers here.  That calendar was enough to put me on a diet.  Yuck.  You'll have to forward that home for dad to see. 
 Lisa - For Gas Day 10 please send 4,000 into Northern Gas to GID #32.  The difference of 17850 will flow into Lost Creek.  If you have any questions, Please call me,  Thanks, Theresa Staab (303) 575-6485 
 Darla, I didn't print my message to you and it's not in my sent box - would you mind forwarding back a copy of my message to you?  Thanks, Theresa 
 I received my calling card and will stop using the AT&T Card.  Thanks, Theresa Staab (303) 575-6485 
 Ladies,  I am finished with July 01 and everything ties.  Can you tell me who would handle the Enserco and Millenium sales?  Laurie I know you do the Retex sale.  Our numbers are correct in the system now.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Theresa (303) 575-6485 
 Lisa, For Gas Day 9 please deliver 3,000 MMBtu into Northern Gas to GID #32.  This would make the deliveries to Lost Creek 17,000 on original purchase and 1850 additional.  Please call me if you have any questions.  Thanks, Theresa (303) 575-6485 
 Robert, I'm working on this right now.  What do you show as the storage schedule?  I have 2 different ones.  I know you changed it.  I just want to make sure we're both on the same schedule.  I'll just make sure my volumes on storage match with the schedule and then I can send them all to you. Thanks,  Theresa 
 Ruth,  The market drove us back for the weekend.  Have a good weekend.  Theresa 
 Thanks Laurie. We have this on our "To Do" list but we just haven't gotten to it yet.  I will add this to the folder and let you know when we get into it.  Theresa 
 Chris, I left you a voice mail also, but I wanted to let you know I do know about these transactions.  Please give me a call. Thanks Theresa (303) 575-6485 
 Try this one now and let me know. Thanks. 
 Hello All,  The final payment of 1,937200 is in Sitara on Ticket #1087272.  I understand we will draft this for September and Jim Pond will re-classify since we've already manually paid.  Let me know if you see any problems with this.  Thanks. Theresa (303) 575-6485 
 I'll give him 10.00.  Thanks.  (You could have had a free lunch on us).  Theresa  I hope he liked it. 
 I haven't seen it yet.  I know he's working on it.  As soon as I get it - I'll forward it to you.  Theresa 
 The team mate says were not interested at this point.  But thank you for the offer. 
 I didn't mean to get you so bent out of shape.  I'll bug Holloway and let you know what he says.  I do hav