 Hey,  Tell your mom I'll call her this weekend.  I plan on being at your mom's house the whole day (I don't want to impose..but I'm sure she won't mind)  I don't have to go to the dentist on Friday so I'm free the whole day lets do something.  I'll call you on sat.  go noles,  -Joe 
 That is your call.  I can't read your mind.  I think,  I'm doing the right thing for my son win or lose!  I'm sure you or dad would do the same thing if you were in my shoes.  I have not talked to her at all, so I don't know what her reaction will be.  She seems to like you....  -me 
 What's up?  I will be coming in town the weekend of Nov 1st - Nov 4th.  I hope you don't have plans for that Saturday.  I'll find out today if I can get him for the whole day (12:00 to 7:00) If things workout I would like to take him to Vero for the day.  So I was thinking you could go with me to pick him up and we could spend the day and night in Vero?  Let me know what you think?  My sister will probably also come (just for the day).  As soon as I find out I'll let you know.  Anyway,  how are things down there?  Last weekend I went to Austin for the UT and Colorado game (Austin is an awesome place!!!)  -Joe 
 Are you still at work? 
 Good Morning Jonda,  Please send a reply fax to Miryam and let Tonya now the reason my own son does not know me better is because she won't let him see his own father.  As for the visitation, I hope this will soon end with her making all of the decisions but in the mean time I will talk to my family to see what is best.  I know if I choose to see him on Sunday, I would need to see him in the morning from 9 to 12:00. My flight is @ 5:30 and I'm 3 hours away from the airport.  I will let you know sometime this afternoon or first thing in the morning.  Thank you, -Joe 
 ME TOO...BUT WE WOULDN'T BE WATCHING THE GAME!  WHERE SHOULD WE STAY?  RUDY IS COMING UP ON SATURDAY AND I'M LEAVING ON SUNDAY MORNING! 
 NO YOGA FOR ME....AND I'M GOING TO AUSTIN!!  CAN'T WAIT... CAN YOU STILL GET MESSAGES WHILE ON THE FLIGHT? 
 NO....WHAT'S UP? 
 NOPE..I'M NOT A CHICK! OR RUDY  THE AOL (I.M.) PLEASE 
  loser 
 NOTHING....WHAT IS YOUR IM??? THIS IS WACK 
 I'M YELLING AT YOU 
 WHAT ARE YOU DOING? 
 this is so funny  -me 
 Do you want me to go? 
 Good Morning,  Rudy was out of control last night!  Are you going out tonight?  I'm going to power mart @ 2:45  till 5:00 then to the 4 seasons for Reliant party...then to Calpine's party @ 7:00!  Are you going to go with us?  Now that you know what I'm doing im sure you be there....  -me 
 BABY..........  I understand!  I'll just tell my sweet little niece, she gets nothing for her birthday!!   She will be crushed!!! 
 Its Dana....you know how that works!   Go shopping with me tonight!  Come on!! 
 Good Morning,  So, you've been thinking about me!  I like to see that....  I don't have one of those pagers.  I went to the game yesterday and I didn't go back to the office.  Boy do we stink, kind of like UT!  Anyway, what time do you get in to H-town?  Have a safe trip!  -me 
 I was thinking that about you....  And my shirt is good looking like me!!!!!!!! How could you miss that 
 Good Morning,  Did she ever call you back?  I tried to call you yesterday where were was everyone?  -me 
 Of course.... Your thinking about me right now aren't you!!!  I don't blame you....  I'm so funny!  -me 
 Thanks for the compliment on my shirt today.....everyone gave me one but you!  Are you on your way to Virginia?  Hey can you get tickets to the baseball game???  Come on your a Big Wheel in @ Enron.  When do you come back?  Have a save trip  -me 
 Hello Jonda,  I know your getting ready to go on vacation and I just wanted you to know that I called the credit card companies and had them mail me my YTD statements.  They would not fax it.  So, I would just attach a letter saying were waiting on the companies or leave it blank (N/A).  Anyway, she sent me another e-mail and I have not replied to any of them just to let you and Mr. Fulenweider know.  Have a great vacation..you deserve it!!  -Joe 
 where are you? 
 Its all coming together now.... I haven't checked my messages yet (I'll do that now just to make sure your telling the truth).  As for the bet, we did bet $20 (your co-worker Mac bet me $50)  What does BTW mean?  You're a dork.......  -me 
 Good Morning,  Are you mad at me or what?  Using an exclamination point and your full name.... I thought it was cool of me to write you last night.  I guess you thought different.  Anyway, the Longhorns are the worst....Tell you boy Mac he owes me a Grant($50)  and you and I will go double or nothing on the Florida State V.S. Miami!  How does that sound?  I'll talk to you later, have a nice day. (and smile....)  -me 
 Let me know when you get back and we will meet up for a drink(have Suz set it up)  Have a safe trip  -me 
 It will go along way with her..trust me (she'll think your making an effort)  As for FPL, I don't think they have much of an operation in the Tampa area.  The corp office is in Juno Beach.  -me 
 If your going to be in Ft. Lauderdale this week try to set up a time to meet with her....that would be my advice!  -me 
 I would call her...  Not today (its a holiday) but tomorrow........(954) 765-2090  -Joe 
 I could have told you it was a waste of time.  Were not dealing with a sane person.  She is an idiot!!! 
 Good Morning Beth,  Sorry I didn't get back in touch with you last week, but I was in Las Vegas.  If you would could you please answer these questions or If you want you can call my mother directly (its your call).  Let me know what you decide...  Have a nice day.  -Joe 
 Hey Mom and Dad,  This is Beth's resume.....  Do you know anybody who is looking for someone at this time?  -me 
 I will get you all the information you need and try to fill that out the best I can.  -Joe 
 Thank you,  cell phone# 713-899-0954 and home# 713-802-9262 (the cell phone is the best way to get in touch with me)  I'll see you tomorrow have a nice day,  -Joe 
 I will be there tomorrow at 3:45....  Do you know about what time Mr. Fullenweider will be calling so I can give you the phone number.  I leave work around 3:30.  Whatever time is b