 I sell Chi basis Financially, two deals to EES 
 Here is my specs on the cash positions. Just look at the phy pos tab. 
 I forgot what my GMAT's were? How do i find out what my scores were?  Geoffrey Clinton Storey 713-853-7058 
 She is still stuck in bed. But she will be going off her medication this week or next. Should be off bed rest also in the next week. I he doesn't come on his own by th efirst week in may, than they will take him out.  That's the news. I'll be a daddy before you know it !!!!!!   geof 
 All is well. Vicki left the hospital the first week in Feb. She's been in bed at home since. We're now at 31 weeks and the doctor said she wants to induce around 36/37 weeks. So we may only have 5 weeks left !!!  We got all excited this weekend cause we bought a car seat and stroller. I push the stroller around the house with a teddy bear in it, pretending to be a daddy.  Chow,   Geof 
 I agree with your statements on phase II. I'll start working on the priorities and requirements.  Also, what is the status of Colleen?  Geof 
 I have to pay $25 because I forgot what my score was?  I'm not asking for an official copy to be sent to a school. I don't need some fancy transcipt that I can hand to someone. I was just curious what my scores were.  I paid for the test once and I'm not paying again.  Great customer service. 
 We need to have a meeting regarding version 3.  Let me know when you have time? I dont want a 10 person meeting. Just you and myself.  geof 
 thats fine. come to my desk or 32c2. i have a meeting there at 3pm. 
 sign me up please, thank you very very much  geof 
 No this is definitely not the final document.. Issues 1-3 are correct and complete, but 4 & 5 are not. I imagine 6-10 pages in reporting requirements for Gas Daily Options and Pipe Options alone.  While we are still working on these requirements we can move forward on 1-3 and the deal entry and new deal type for basis options. 
 duke contact? 
 I have couterparties for all the locations except the Feb TM3. Give me a call 853-7058 
  David,  Thanks for your patience. We are working hard on getting Coral and BP North= America on board with the ring trades.  I have another counterparty that may want to ring out some ATM Chicago basi= s. Let me know about that.  I have also enclosed the language that would tie all these trades together.  Thanks,  Geof Storey 713-853-7058    Each of the parties to this Agreement recognizes and acknowledges that the = parties are acting and agreeing to perform their obligations hereunder in r= eliance upon (i) the timely execution and delivery by [legal name of other = counterparty] ("Third Party") and Party A of a transaction in substantially= the form attached hereto as Exhibit A ("Third Party Transaction A") and wo= uld not otherwise agree to execute, deliver and perform under this Agreemen= t if Third Party and Party A were not contemporaneously executing and deliv= ering Third Party Transaction A and (ii) the timely execution and delivery = by Third Party and Party B of a transaction in substantially the form attac= hed hereto as Exhibit B ("Third party Transaction B") and would not otherwi= se agree to execute, deliver and perform under this Agreement if Third Part= y and Party B were not contemporaneously executing and delivering Third par= ty Transaction B. The effectiveness of this Agreement shall be subject to t= he condition that contemporaneously with the ex