 Lloyd will 
 Jenny,  It looks like I need to read my e-mail more often.  I'll start using it tomorrow (Mon).  Fletch 
 Please make sure that Fletcher J Sturm is marked for a spot in the new parking garage.  Thanks Tjae 
 I would like to park in the new parking garage.  Please put me down for a "yes" to participate.  Fletcher J. Sturm 3-9684 
 yes, I would be interested  fletch 
 Please put this on my calendar, thanks  fletch 
 Ted,  Please mark me down for the dinner on Apr 10  Fletch 
 ok, just send them to TJ when you can and ask her to put them on my calendar.  thanks,  fletch 
 i'll be available  fletch 
 Frank,  This guy called me because he read the book I wrote about Natural Gas.  He has some kind of special treatment with the federal government in terms of gas purchases.  Sounds like a minority owned business to me.  Could you call him or refer him to someone at EES?  Thanks,  Fletch Sturm  Don Cooper 703-683-6839 
 Caroline,  Sorry I haven't checked my e-mail in a while, but that's trading...I'm more interested in Cinergy, but would like to see a deal done no matter where. Let me know if I can help.  Fletch 
 Ted,  Please put her on the list of candidates for the next beginning rotation for Trader Track.  Thanks,  Fletch 
 just checking to see if you had any interest?  fletch 
 please check Jeff King's VAR...it dosn't look right  fletch sturm 
 I'm not sure, but I think it's a data file for the charting software that I use.  Thanks,  Fletch Sturm 
 you're cool 
 Attached is the form I'd like everyone to use for tomorrow's reports.  We will probably modify this and the ones to follow, so be prepared!  Fletch 
 TJ, Please put on my calendar for every Tues., thanks.  Also, please notify my team that we will have a meeting with the marketing group every Mon at 3:30pm that Ed Baughman should be setting up with you.  That should be a weekly thing too.  Fletch 
 what does this mean?  Fletch 
 how about 3:15 or 3:30?  fletch 
 Jenny,  Thanks for the response.  I was under the impression that what you and I had worked out was more of a temporary fix and that there was another group working on a perrmanent solution for all of us.  I'm still obviously trading options, but would like you or JP or someone else in risk run a standard report for me each morning which shows my net delta positions by month and the subsequent gamma positions for certain $ moves in the underlying.  I could have Peter do it at night if it needs to be done before calc.  Just let me know.  Thanks,  Fletch  p.s.  sorry if it seems like this is being blown out of proportion 
 http://gasfundy.corp.enron.com/gas/framework/default.asp 
 yea...probably get a little relief from the inspection report though 
 great man...we just lifted a new pad too this past weekend...Bunker Hill area...sweet  fletch 
 no way       just kidding...you get 'em...just tell TJ to put any vacation days you want to schedule on my calendar.  thanks  fletch 
 Jeff,  Thanks for inviting me to be in the Round Table.  I think it'll be a success.  I'm able to make it to dinner tomorrow night for the Tiger Team deal.  Fletch  p.s.  did you close on your house yet? 
 I'm pretty sure we're good to go.  Check back with you on the restaurant.  Fletch 
 T Jae,  Please put this on my calendar.  Thanks,  Fletch 
 T Jae,  Please put this on my calendar and remind me beforehand if you would.  Thanks,  Fletch 
 sorry, just got your e-mail...I actually don't have any in hand anyway. thanks for your interest.  fletch sturm 
 Thank you very much for doing that for me!  Fletch 
 please put this on my calendar.  thanks,  fletch 
 Dave,  John Lavorato would like me to get back with him regarding exactly why we can't send out a pop-up window to advertise the new power products that we're launching this week.  Could you call or e-mail back?  He basically said he wants to do one, but I don't want to if it could crash all of EOL on our behalf.  Let me know.  Thanks,  Fletch 
 TJ,  We'll need another room.  These meetings are only for the MidWest traders. The meeting with the guy from PJM is for the northeast group.  Thanks,  Fletch 
 TJ,  Please put this on my calendar.  Thanks,  Fletch 
 thanks for the follow-up, fletch 
 Ted,  I'll be out of town this weekend (Oct 27/28), but you can put me down for the s/s on Nov 4.  Please send details.  Fletch Sturm 
 Patti,  What do I do with this now?  How do I get the $50?  Can I wait and get a series of months reimbursed later or do I have to go through this every month?  Fletch Sturm 
 yes 
 Janelle,  That's a great product with a simple explanation.  I have blank deal tickets ready to be filled in!  Good luck.  Fletch 
 http://gasfundy.dev.corp.enron.com/ 
 Lavo,  I'm in for dinner tonight for sure and golf Sun a.m. if you're able.  Oh EOG...how I love thee!  +2 1/4  Fletch 
 Terri,  Hi!  Thanks for your interest in my book.  You should be able to get one at www.amazon.com the fastest.  If they're out, or say it will take a while, go directly to www.pennwell.com  (this is the publisher.)  Again, thanks.  Fletch Sturm 
 Please put this on my calendar and remind me.  thanks,  fletch 
 The name is Wallingford, McDonald, Fox and Company on SW Freeway at Buffalo Speedway. 
 Bombs away...  Fletch 
 Right shoulder complete...full reversal mode as of right now...bang!  Fletch 
 good luck...I'm sure you'll do well!  Have fun  fletch 
 jenny, i'd really like to be able to set my curves through Dec '03 without having to freak with that g.d. contango weighting table in the MW4 file.  the market changes so fast during the day that i don't have time to switch between my MWSum and MW4 files fast enough to keep up with it.  i have a section in the MWSum spreadsheet where i keep all of the quick calcs on the calendars, so i could link that to the MW4 file like i'm doing through Oct '02.  come by tomorrow (Fri) and i'll show you what the h i'm talking about. fletch 
 Eric,  The products have been launched (Mon) and did trade a couple times.  As far as another article in GD, i'll check with John, but I think it's a good idea.  Fletch 
 Please put this on my schedule.  thanks,  fletch 
 Eric,  I've been out of the office for two days, but just received this message and it's great.  Let me know what else I can do!  Fletch 
 David,  Yes, i'm interested in meeting with these guys, but i'm unavailable until Thu or Fri.  Let me know if I can sit in on a meeting.  Thanks,  Fletch Sturm x3-6219 
 good morning!  just wondering if you've talked to Gas Daily yet and if you need anything more from me...also, i'd like to see what you're going to give to them (G.D.) with regard to facts about the products, EOL, etc...  we'd like to launch the products on Fri and have the article appear on Mon because the audience should be bigger than Fri.  fletch 
 Yes, the plan is to roll the new products out on Fri., the 22nd.  fletch 
 Eric,  This guy is a friend of mine and he said he'll put in some good words about EOL and especially the new product that we're going to launch.  His name is Chris McDonald at Southern  (678) 579-3298.  He runs the West gas trading at Southern.  Fletch 
 Eric,  The name I have at El Paso is Tim Bourne 713-420-3826.  Todd Geiger is my contact over there.  He's a Vice President and told me that Tim runs the trading group and would not be in the office until Mon. next week.  Fletch 
 Eloy,  Who is General Brinks?  Fletch 
 Here is the list for you to keep:  Duke   John Thomas  (713) 260-8569 Utilicorp Mark Gurley  (816) 527-1758 El Paso  Bo Collins  (713) 420-3466 Southern Gary Morshes  (678) 579-5323 Dynegy  Matt Schatzman  (713) 509-6438  Fletch 
 Terri,  Do you think we're close enough to book the deals.  Rogers and I keep forgetting that they're not in our positions everyday.  Fletch 
 Melba,  Could you see to this please?  Thanks,  Fletch 
 Brad,  (see message below from Melba)  Which one should we use, and how should it look on the website?  Remember, only five characters will fit in the name.  Maybe just CNGNo? Let me know and i'll forward to Melba.  Fletch 
 John,  The new products have been built and are in the process of being mapped to Sitara and Tagg.  I'm working with Melba Lozano (EOL contact) and she tells me they should be ready tomorrow.  Mark Taylor and I haven't spoken yet about simplifying the language in the product long description, so I'll try to get with him tomorrow.  For now, we're staying with the existing language which isn't really that bad.  Any of these products which are intra-month will stay in the swap filter as US GAS DAILY products, but longer than intra-month will be in the basis filter as US GAS BASIS products with the format:  US GAS BASIS      GD/D SoCal - HHub  The only product that will be different is the Nymex to daily swap which will be:  US GAS BASIS      NXL1 - GD/D HHub  Any questions or comments,  Fletch x3-6219 
 these looks good to me except for the lower case "h" in the Hub phys that we already talked about.  fletch 
 also, if "NL1" appears anywhere else, change it to NXL1  thanks  fletch 
 one more change...NL1 change to NXL1  flet 
 The following is a list of daily basis product names that we would like to create, all of which are US GAS BASIS deal type:  GD/D Mich-HHub GD/D Chic-HHub GD/D Pepl-HHub GD/D Demrc-HHub GD/D HSC-HHub GD/D Waha-HHub GD/D Perm-HHub GD/D SanJn-HHub GD/D Opal-HHub GD/D SOCAL-HHub GD/D TZ6NY-HHub GD/D TecoP-HHub   (short for Teco Pool) GD/D CNGAp-HHub GD/D TETM3-HHub GD/D TenLa-HHub GD/D TZ3-HHub GD/D Nymex-HHub GD/D CGulf-HHub  I have put a call in to Mark Taylor regarding new product descriptions, but have yet to hear back from him.  Fletch 
 Dale,  The product that crosses monthly and daily swaps is the IF vs GD index swap that we currently offer.  I'll call you later...no time right now to write more.  Fletch 
 Dale,  I agree with your proposed changes  fletch 
 Under the alternative "bumping" method, if the market is 3.75/5.25 and our EOL and ICE market's are both 4/5 in that case, would we pay brokerage if someone executes on ICE rather than EOL?  Fletch 
 Jeff,  With little physical knowledge of the transmission and generation constraints, etc., it's going to be difficult for me to say, geographically, where I think the boundaries ought to be.  However, I think the market would always prefer a simple layout, something like MISO - West, - Central, - East, - South.  To me, I think that would cover the basic areas that trade differently in terms of price.  Fletch 
 If you haven't received the details yet, here they are (Enron sells):  30,000 MMBtu/d   Nov '00 - Mar '01   ANR LA @ Index + $0.01 30,000 MMBtu/d   Nov '00 - Mar '01   NGP LA @ Index + $0.01 40,000 MMBtu/d   Nov '00 - Mar '01   TRUNK LA @ Index + $0.01  If you need anything else,  Fletch x3-6219 
 Sorry, but I've been out of town since you sent this.  There have been a couple of errors pointed out to me since the publishing, most of which have apparently been somewhat obvious (i.e. not difficult to figure out).  I'll look into this one and get back to you.  Fletcher Sturm  p.s.  Thanks for your support! 
 Please put this on my calendar if you haven't already.  fletch 
 Melba,  I'm sorry I haven't replied sooner, but there is a decision to be made about what type of product these should fall under...Gas Daily, or Basis.  We're afraid that if we categorize them as Gas Daily, then anyone who logs onto the site looking for basis would miss these products altogether.  The "US GAS DAILY  HeHub - CHIC" is cleary the best description for the website.  I'll get back to you as soon as we make a decision.  Fletch 
 Rain,  Please sign me up for the class on Fri. (8/11).  Thanks,  Fletch 
 sorry so late  Fletch 
 yes, that would be fine.  fletch 
 Scott,  Please take me off the global e-mail list...  Thanks,  Fletch @ enron 
 Rain,  Please put this on my calendar.  Thanks,  Fletch 
 Marc,  Sorry, we don't have anything open right now.  Possibly in 6 months or so.  Fletch 
 Rain,  I'd like to coordinate this with the other fellas (Hunter, Scott, etc.) =20 Let's see if we can all go to the same one!  Fletch 
 anytime after 4:30pm is fine...I am at EB-3233C  Fletch 
 Scott,  I'm receiving faxes from you guys everyday, and would just like to be taken off the global e-mail distribution.  Thanks,  Fletch Sturm Enron 
 Sheri,  Robyn Menear is my new assistant on the FT-Central book.  I'd like to have her set up to use EOL stack manager, product manager, and transact on the website.  I believe she already has a login ID for the website, but I don't know about the others.  In addition, her trades (stack manager customer trades, and her own website trades) need to go into my book (FT-Central).  If you need me to do anything else in order for this to happen, let me know.  Thanks,  Fletcher Sturm x36219 
 Melba,  The description you sent to me yesterday seems a little confusing...How about the following:  Floating price A: Gas Daily midpoint for Henry Hub  Floating price B: Gas Daily midpoint for __________  Buyer pays Floating price A plus applicable basis, seller pays Floating price B   We should substitute your long description for "Gas Daily midpoint" above. Run this by everyone ASAP so we can activate these products.  Fletch Sturm x3-6219 
 NatGas is going to the moon on Monday!  Fletcj 
 Douglas,  Thanks for your interest...My book does go into some option detail (not really collars since they're a combination of the tools I discuss) and plenty of swap transactions.  Obviously, I think you would gain some insight for both your personal and professional interests if you go through it.  Thanks again,  Fletcher Sturm 
 we're ok for now...thanks for checking  fletch 
 thanks for the note!  we're doing fine and trying to get some sleep here and there...i'll e-mail pic's to you...take care.  fletch 
 Please put this on my calander for Wed (5/3) at 3:30 in 30C1.  Thanks,  Fletch 
 that's not our house for sale yet, but probably in the next 6 months or so...not in a hurry as it feels like real estate market cooling off somewhat.  thanks.  Fletch 
 Greg,  Check out a company called Opus 360 for recruiting IT people (www.opus360.com).  It might be a good investment for the equity group too (OPUS).  Fletch 
 Sorry, just read this e-mail and don't think I did the trade you are referring to.  Let me know.  Fletch 
 Greg,  I've been working with an IT guy here who has been building a spreadsheet for some of us that can receive live prices from EOL.  I've used this to build a real-time matrix which shows spread relationships between different gas locations, including variable cost analysis, NPV, etc.  I think that this would be an extremely useful application to include on the EOL site, whether it is in Excel format or some homemade format.  For example, Hunter and I were in Chicago last week talking to NICOR about analyzing the risk components of their PBR.  We brought up this idea and they were excited about being able to more clearly see daily cash spreads, hedge MTD and BOM PBR price with Gas Daily swaps, storage utilization logic, etc.  If we can develop an EOL - dependent application that is helpful to our customers in terms of how they make trading decisions, it will reinforce the importance of using our site over our competitors.  Let me know what you think!  Fletch 
 Congratulations Dave!  You're the king!  Fletch 
 thanks Coi  Fletch 
 brenda,  could you re-send to everyone and ask them to bring a copy of their one-month and summer basis positions?  thanks,  fletch 
 Kevin,  Don't forget about us down here in the dusty old gas trading business!  Congratulations,  Fletch 
 that won't be a problem at all ily fletch 
 Bob,  My one pass number is YY109954.  Thanks for the tip!  Fletch 
 Sorry, I have a meeting today, then going out of town for the rest of the week.  I'll have to do it next week. 
 TJae,  At your convenience (not necessarily today), could you provide my wife with the addresses for the following people, please?  Her e-mail is sturmt@yahoo.com.  Thanks, Fletch  John Lavorato Dave Delainey Kevin Presto yourself Rogers Herndon Dana Davis Rob Benson Jeff King Larry Valderama Larry Jester Matt Lorenz Pete Makkai (sp?) names below are NatGas people Airam Artega Scott Neal John Arnold Phillip Allen Mike Grigsby Jeff Shankman  thanks again! 
 ok, cool  Fletch 
 Hey,  Sorry I haven't read my e-mail in the past day and a half (too busy selling), but that sounds good.  Fletch 
 I'll need to go another time...already have a meeting.  I definitely want to see the demo.  Fletch 
 Jeff,  Below is a list of items I'd like to discuss with you when we both have time(?).  I just wanted to brief you first.  I'm thinking about having a meeting with the basis traders every morning from 8:15 - 8:30 after each trader has gathered information from their desk meetings.  This would be the optimal time to strategize as a group since changes in regional fundamentals and respective basis implications would be fresh in everyone's mind.  Would it be okay to delay EOL market-making in basis until 8:30?  I think it would be worth it. I think it would be a good idea to meet with leaders from other groups (origination (who?), structuring (who?), Julie Gomez, and Fred Lagrasta) on a regular basis to obtain new information on anything that might affect ENA's basis positions.  Could you point me in the right direction as far as whom to involve and maybe notify them of my intentions? Should we set up a new book (under my management) which would hold certain strategic positions such as spread trades and/or more complex structured positions?  I think it would be easier to manage that way by not being "cluttered up" in different books (i.e.  the P/L from these trades would be my focus instead of managed by other traders.) Do you think the traders could eventually report directly to me?  It seems like more intense leadership might provide an extra push to the group.  Talk to you soon,  Fletch 
 yes, that's fine  Fletch 
 Louise,  Yes, I'd like to get together as soon as possible.  I'm available this afternoon (Fri) or Tues. next week in the afternoon.  Let me know.  Fletch 
 Louise,  I mentioned an idea to Jeff Shankman the other day about providing some charting and other types of tools to EOL users and he asked me to get with you.  He said you were already working on some additions to the website.  I would really like to participate in the development of these tools, so please let me know when I can get with you and discuss my ideas.  Thanks,  Fletch Sturm 
 Sally,  Congratulations on your promotion!  Good luck with everything.  Fletch Sturm 
 We're still working on it for you!  I'll keep you updated as I know more.  Fletch 
 I appreciate it!  Hope all is well with you...we're doing fine now that the flu made its way through our house.  Fletch 
 yes, that will work.  thanks  fletch 
 No thanks, but I did pick up a pre-owned Jaguar...sweet!  Congrats to you too.  Hope to see you out again soon...Thanks again for your help with Coal info.  Fletch 
 Thanks man!  Fletch 
 Thanks Julie!  Looking forward to a great new year!  Fletch 
 Thanks Sue!  Glad to be of help and look forward to a great year 2000!  Fletch 
 Thanks very much!  Fletch 
 are spouses invited? 
 John,  Per Kevin, we've already sent our requests.  Fletch 
 Phil,  I don't have any specific recommendations, but I think PennWell Books has the best selection of all books on the subject.  Thanks for your interest,  Fletch Sturm 
 Scott,  Please take me off the e-mail distribution list...I receive the charts, etc. from others here.  Thanks,  Fletch Sturm Enron 
 yeah man, it's going great...how are things with you?  fletch 
 If it's not too late, I don't even need a lesson at all...I'm using my discount broker live feeds.  thanks,  fletch 
 yes.  how about 1pm, you name the place.  thanks,  fletch 
 please mark on my calendar, thanks, fletch 
 yes, I will be attending,  fletch 
 I'm unable to make it to the dinner...it's open house night at our kids' school.  Fletch 
 Please set up Jason Kaniss with a stack manager login and password effective ASAP.  He will be trading US East Power and US Natural Gas.  All transactions under his login should go into EPMI Mid West risk book.  Jason works for me on the MidWest desk and is in training to be the new short term SERC trader at the beginning of next year.  If you have any questions, please call me at  x 3-9684.  Thanks,  Fletcher Sturm  p.s.  I'd like him to be able to get started tomorrow (Thur.) morning 6:00 am, if possible. 
 Bernice,  Please set up a new login for Jason Kaniss for EOL stack manager.  He will be trading US East Power and US NorthAmerican Gas.  Jason works for me on the East Power MidWest desk and will be training under me for the rest of this year.  All transactions under this login should go into EPMI MidWest risk book.  If you have any qestions, please call me at x 3-9684.  Thanks,  Fletcher Sturm  p.s.  I'd like him to be able to login tomorrow a.m. if possible. 
 Lynn,  I'm going to be on personal vacation that week so I'll be unable to attend.  Maybe next year.  Fletch 
 Kim,  Don's looks good and I'm adding Maria's to it right now.  will send back to you in a couple of minutes. 
 thanks for your help  fletch 
 Steve,  It looks as if we're going to be trading effective Mon (2/11).  I'm looking for some assurance that we'll have at least the basics ready to go with regard to position manager.  Can you update?  Thanks,  Fletch 
 It's too bad I don't have the authority to trade it...! 
 What do I need to do to get approval to trade crude?  I'm officially bearish now...would be selling wildly short right here @ $27.50  fletch 
 thanks for the update! 
 Laura (team leader),  I'll be unavailable to work on the skit video this Thurs (8/9) thru Mon (8/13) as I will be in Pennsylvania on vacation.  I have plenty of time this tues or wed after trading or next Tues - Thurs after trading...let me know.  Fletch 
 I give through paycheck withdrawal every month.  Fletch Sturm 
 I'm fairly busy this week, but could manage half an hour today from 3:30 to 4:00...otherwise, it'll have to be next week sometime.  Let me know over the phone...I may not have time to check my e-mail for the rest of the day.  Fletch  3-9684 
 oh...that's new...Yes, I'd like to roll-over what I've been contributing the past few years.  thanks,  fletch 
 thank you 
 Lloyd,  I was just thinking about some of the record peak demand levels set at some of the Midwest utilities despite less than record temps and slowing economic activity, and the resiliancy of the crude oil market to decline in the face of a slowing world economy.  My conspiracy theory...could the U.S. government be secretly building up military arms and parts at factories in the Midwest and other regions of the country, and if so, couldn't that help explain these records?  It's kind of a crazy thought, but I'd like to explore it fundamentally (do we know the locations of certain plants that might engage in these types of activities, how much power they could consume if called upon to expand production of military goods, etc.)  I talked to Rogers about it and he threw a buildup of the strategic petroleum reserve into the theory to help explain crude oil support in the face of a crashing world economy.  Let me know what you guys think...  Fletch 
 Mark,  I posed this question to Mark Haedicke last week and he suggested I ask you:  Will UBS allow counterparties that enter into an ISDA with UBS to net exposure between financial Gas and Power positions when calculating margin requirements?  If so, to what extent, and if not, why?  This would be a major selling point when we're trying to establish relationships with new trading partners and trying to build our financially traded products business.  Please help.  Thanks,  Fletch Sturm x 3-9684 
 I left a voice mail for you regarding this.  fletch 
 TJ,  Please put on my calendar.  Thanks,  Fletch 
 thanks Lloyd  fletch 
 after 3:30 today for about 10 min  fletch 
 does Doug know about King yet? 
 Don,  What's up with this?  Fletch 
 Amanda,  Could you please include Rogers Herndon on the distribution list for Consumer Weekly?  He runs EES East Risk Management and is a VP.  Thanks, and please send him the latest edition as soon as you can.  Fletch Sturm  x 3-9684 
 Dude,  I sent a request to Amanda Hubble for you to be included on the distribution list and send you the latest edition.  Fletch 
 TJ,  Please put the Central Desk Gas meeting on my calendar every day 2:30 - 3:00.  Thanks,  Fletch 
 it is in room 3270 
 Dale,  I don't know if you had time to sit with Mitch before he left, but he put this together.  It may or may not be useful.  Fletch 
 John,  Per Kevin, we've already sent our requests.  Fletch 
 Phil,  I don't have any specific recommendations, but I think PennWell Books has the best selection of all books on the subject.  Thanks for your interest,  Fletch Sturm 
 Ron,  I'm available today from 3:30 to 4:00 or 4:30 to 5:00 tomorrow if either of those works for you.  Fletch 
 sounds great to me.  fletch 
 I clicked on the link below and it didn't work...I'm RSVP'ing that I'll be there.  Fletch  p.s.  who did the trade? (customer/ENE market maker) 
 let's play ball!  fletch 
 thanks!  fletch 
 I met this guy the other day in my neighborhood.  He's the son-in-law of the people who live at the end of my street.  He seems like a good guy in person and looks like he's been close to trading.  He's local, so I thought it might not be a bad idea to bring him in.  What do you think?  Fletch 
 I have decided that I would like this product to be set up the other way around where it is quoted as ComEd vs Cin.  I realize that it will show up as a negative spread, but I have other basis (spread) locations in mind that trade over Cinergy and can see how it will be confusing to some people in the industry.  Fletch  (3-9684) 
 Thanks dude...it's all bearish right now as the price is headed lower.  Did you see the WSJ from this morning?  Check out the summary article on Beige Book.  fletch 
 If the e-mail I sent you didn't make it, check out this web-site for option-pricing model.  fletch    http://www.cboe.com/TradTool/OptionCalculator.asp 
 Jeff,  Thanks for the referral.  My book should still be available on amazon.com, barnes&nobel.com, and at pennwell.com  If not, I don't know where else to get it.  Things are great with us...hope so with you too!  Fletch 
 thanks for your time!  fletch 
 Johnny,  Please contact this individual and bring him in as soon as possible for a round of interviews with me, Kevin, Dana, Harry, Doug Gilbert-Smith.  Thanks,  Fletch 
 Iris,  I don't have a copy, but they have a lot up on the gas floor (32nd).  Thanks  Fletch 
 Kim,  Accomplishments are attached below... 
 not really...Edison Mission was selling next week this morning. 
 Maggy,  I think as long as someone from legal will accompany me I'd be fine with it.  My schedule is fairly open this week after 3:30.  Fletch 
 I don't know...it depends on what you want me to talk about. 
 thanks Gregg, great info  fletch 
 Yes, 1:30 is good.  I'm on the 6th floor in the new building back by the windows in the trading area.  There are plenty of conference rooms around here.  I'll see you then.  Thanks, Fletch 
 re:? 
 thank you for a great 1st half of the year!  fletch 
 ok, re? 
 disregard previous reply...will meet after 4pm any day  fletch 
 Huntman,  Any truth to the rumor about Johnny leaving the group (not the company)?  Fletch 
 heard it down here from D. Gilbert-Smith...don't know where he heard it. 
 right, but he's in the gossip circle pretty deep 
 seems like?  If you think about it, it might not be a bad deal for Johnny to get "booked out" and go run the crude group or something like that.  he probably wouldn't fight it too much given those nightmares he still has about last year's second half! 
 Danielle,  I'd like to meet with you sometime today (I have a meeting from 10:00 - 11:30) to discuss what we're services we're talking to PIRA about for both gas and power.  Please let me know what time you can meet.  Thanks,  Fletch 
 I printed out what you sent me earlier, have not read it yet, and can only meet after 3:30.  That's the best I can do.  Fletch 
 golf @ houstonian early Sun am?  I might have an "in" with Frank (Pickles) at Amerex.  flet 
 I'll gladly stop in to say hello sometime after 10:30am if that works.  Fletch 
 He decided to stay where he is until after bonus time, afterwhich he will contact me regarding a position, if any.  Fletch 
 Please add to my calendar. Thanks, Fletch 
 Dan,  Could you send a graphic of what you expect this Q4 nuke utilization rate (or actual output) across Eastern Interconnect to look like versus previous 3 yrs actual?  Thanks,  Fletcher Sturm V.P. Midwest Power 
 Good morning!  I talked with Frank's assistant yesterday (he was out all day) and she said that they can't send an adjuster out without first filing a claim.  To that end, she said it's generally not a good idea to file a claim (it goes on our record) unless we know there's damage.  So, she suggested that I have a roofer come out and look for possible hail damage and, if there is damage, provide us with his estimate for repair.  Then we should file a claim if need be.  So, I'm on the lookout for a roofer who will do that for us.  If you think we should use Joel, I'll call him.  But, I feel like he might not provide us with an unbiased opinion, if you know what I mean.  Talk to you later.  :)  ILY 
 Vladimir,  Which measure are we going to be using at UBS?  VaR on portfolio #2 dosn't make sense to me that adding gas short to same position as #1c. increases risk.  What's up with that?  Also, could you forward the results from Rob Benson's portfolio's to me?  Thanks,  Fletch 
 thanks,  fletch 
    VaR Portfolio	 Commodity	 Trader	 Book	 Instrument	 Location	 Tenor	 Liquidity (volume/day)	 Best Risk Mitigator  Power	 Ballato	 ST - ECAR	 Forward Phys	 Cinergy	 < 30 Days	 5,000 MW	 Power - PJM Power	 Ballato	 ST - ECAR	 Forward Phys	 Cinergy	 30 - 60 Days	 2,500 MW	 Power - PJM Power	 Sturm	 LT - MW	 Forward Phys	 Cinergy	 60 - 365 Days	 1,000 MW	 NG Power	 Sturm	 LT - MW	 Forward Phys	 Cinergy	 1 - 2 Years	 750 MW	 NG  Power	 Kaniss	 ST - MAIN	 Forward Phys	 ComEd	 < 30 Days	 1,500 MW	 Power - Cinergy Power	 Kaniss	 ST - MAIN	 Forward Phys	 ComEd	 30 - 60 Days	 750 MW	 Power - Cinergy Power	 Sturm	 LT - MW	 Forward Phys	 ComEd	 60 - 365 Days	 250 MW	 Power - Cinergy Power	 Sturm	 LT - MW	 Forward Phys	 ComEd	 1 - 2 Years	 150 MW	 Power - Cinergy  Power	 Saibi	 ST - SERC	 Forward Phys	 Entergy	 < 30 Days	 2,000 MW	 Power - Cinergy Power	 Saibi	 ST - SERC	 Forward Phys	 Entergy	 30 - 60 Days	 1,000 MW	 Power - Cinergy Power	 Carson	 LT - SE	 Forward Phys	 Entergy	 60 - 365 Days	 750 MW	 Power - Cinergy Power	 Carson	 LT - SE	 Forward Phys	 Entergy	 1 - 2 Years	 250 MW	 Power - Cinergy  Power	 Saibi	 ST - SERC	 Forward Phys	 SOCO	 < 30 Days	 2,000 MW	 Power - Cinergy Power	 Saibi	 ST - SERC	 Forward Phys	 SOCO	 30 - 60 Days	 1,000 MW	 Power - Cinergy Power	 Carson	 LT - SE	 Forward Phys	 SOCO	 60 - 365 Days	 750 MW	 NG Power	 Carson	 LT - SE	 Forward Phys	 SOCO	 1 - 2 Years	 250 MW	 NG 
 Mark,  Has UBS decided to allow for true netting of cross-commodity exposure with counterparties under the master ISDA?  I'd like to know as this is an important pitch to our customers to trade financi