 http://www.btinternet.com/~pir8/arnie/ 
 Hi Sue I still have not received a check for voucher NO. 0100067175 FOR $2,2298.95. 
 Swerzbin will be out of the office, but available on cell phone for the week of Nov 5 to Nov 9.  Back in the office Nov12.  Driscoll will trade the EOL and download curves. 
 Driscoll on curves and pricing--- 
 Driz will be doing the curves...   be on my cell phone. 
 The market last week for the flat MC was about $31: that difference would be 9.50 = $2,654,02 nominal for the increased mws.  The loss of the delivery value is about $.75/MWh- (about $2.3 million nominal).  The loss of the option is probably about $1 million.   Overall, you did a very job I think its worth $1.5 million- if you go by the numbers its 0. 
 Here's a more detailed reason.  Thanks Mike 
   --------- Inline attachment follows --------- 
 Mike Junior will be doing EOL and curves. 
 Some South East Power infomation 
 Tom thanks for getting back to me ... its great to have more alumni friends in the company.....  give me a call if you have any questions or interest in West Power.  Regards, Mike. 
 I really appreicated the way you worked  with us.   You always did your best to get an answer quickly.  I'll miss you.  Thanks a lot for your good work.  Stay in touch -- you might want to come back to Portland some day. 
 I wanted to see if you could give us an update the screens for the traders and Mike Driscoll's phone.  When  should we expect them?? 
 Report ID no. 2B266B6655BD4CEFA874  I don't think there are any receipts outstanding .. Could you please tell me which ones you're missing???  This last report had a receipt for everything. 
 Hi Tom-  I'm with Enron in Portland, OR.  I graduated from Thunderbird in 1986  .... and went to school with a Tom Barkley ... Is that you or just the same name??? Please let me know.  Thanks. Mike Swerzbin 
 I won't be able to make it  (rats!!!) 
 Here's a look at where the Aluminum Cos in the Northwest stand currently-  from our consultant 
 Hi John!!  Nice car photos.   Hey I have been thinking about some sponsors here are some ideas:  Krispy Kreme Donuts (national growing donut chain--everybody loves them), Calpine Energy, Duke Energy, New York Times (they deliver locally through-out the US), Starbucks Coffee (out of Seattle),  Southwest Airlines, Champion Sportswear, Columbia Sportswear, America OnLine, Home Depot,and I could come up with some more.  Do you like any of these for a last name??  John Krispy Kreme???  Sounds like things are going well for you -- give me a call sometime. Take Care,  Your good friend, Mike. 
 foxsports-nba-knicks,mov 
 I don't think there are any receipts outstanding .. Could you please tell me which ones you're missing???  This la