 Deal number is 600553. 
 I've entered the following imbalance deals under STCA and STWBom desks.  599966 STCA sells Cal Imb NP-15 On Peak 38 MW  600031 STWB sells Cal Imb NP-15 On Peak 37 MW  Let me know if you have any questions.  Kate 
 587415 - changed to Bloomberg  All the rest of these were just entered, except last deal  Tom buys AEP May PV 283.00  Tom does not recognize this trade - is APB sure of the terms? 
 I'm continuing to work with IT in Houston in an attempt to restore the EOL Report to its former glory. They are making several changes to the report which seem to result exponentially in glitches. As of right now the application will not create any kind of file with any kind of data; hence the absence of any kind of report. I will keep you informed of our progress.  Thanks for your patience, Kate 
 Whew! I've been battling with this thing all day and it's gotten me nowhere. The version of  EOL Deal Report I've been using for the past month, and which Carla used for several months prior to that, has come down with the winter blues and will no longer produce anything. Here is the error message it gives me:  Cannot create file c:\eolJF.txt.  It responds this way no matter what combination of requests I give it. One interesting detail is that it began doing this on 12/21, the night before I left for vacation (thus my delay in dealing with this problem), and on that same night I noticed that the report looked different than usual. Actually, it looked exactly like the stage version that Nadine and I worked with today. It had the new section at the bottom titled "Uncheck 'Desk Summary Only' to enable"; whereas the version I had been using did not.  Our IT guys deferred to you on this subject, so I'm still at a loss as to how to test the new stage version of the EOL report, as I have nothing to test it against. My feeling is that, even though the new version has a few quirks, it would be better than nothing and so should be put into production - because in the meantime I'm going to have to use it anyway - it's all I have now!  Thank you so much for your support on this so far. Hopefully we can work something out tomorrow.  Thanks, Kate 
 No. It looks like these are all the deals Christian Yoder and our other lawyers are working on. Christian is writing up confirms for these, and actually has a few of them done. He said he'd be contacting Sharen Cason and faxing her copies of the finished letters very soon.  Please let me know if you need me to add comments to these deals to make it more clear. I'm going to talk further with Christian and Val Sabo on my end to better understand what the DEAL is with these deals, because they've been plaguing me all day.  I'll keep you posted on the progress of this, but in the meantime you don't have to send revised confirms.  Thanks, Kate 
 Chris Foster checked and couldn't find anything regarding these deals. His take on it was that if Stewart needed them confirmed, he would have passed the message along to someone else or left record of the deals numbers somewhere. In the meantime, he said, there isn't much we can do as Stewart is in Italy and is virtually impossible to reach.  If I find anything else out I'll let you know.  Thanks, Kate 
 Looks like this has been changed - sorry it's taken so long for a reply!  Kate 
 I just wanted to check in with you before changing these deals, since it's been a few days since your e-mail. Tom Alonso wasn't in the office today and I tried reaching him by phone to confirm. These are the prices he has in his trade log, so as far as I can tell they are correct. Are you saying that these prices need to be switched? Please let me know, and I'll fix it right up.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   12/22/2000 08:36 AM 
 I've just spoken with Christian Yoder, who said he's got the confirmation letters for these deals on his desk. He's also planning to call you to discuss this further - these deals and several others entered as part of an EES acquisition will all be confirmed differently than usual. I'm not completely clear on the subject, so I'm going to defer to Christian's legal expertise.  But if you have any other questions, please let me know. I can certainly sit down with Christian and maybe we can all conference call on the subject.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've changed the deal to be confirmed. Mike Driscoll changed this deal earlier, which must have affected the confirmation status. Thanks.  Kate 
 488955 Buy Reliant Q3-01 25 MW 250 SP-15  488956 Sell EES Q3-01 25 MW 250.05 SP-15  Bob just put these in - I think these guys are still warming up to the usual pace after the holiday.  Thanks, Kate 
 488908 is with Tradition Financial Services, not Natsource. I've changed this in the system.  488938 was just entered by Mike Swerzbin. Buy Duke 57.00 Cal-07 25 MW COB  And if it's at all possible to get the traders names from the brokers when they have missing deals, that would be wonderful. I can usually guess by using the information given, but sometimes the traders get busy and aren't exactly happy about being bugged for missing deals that aren't theirs. I'm not sure how it works, but Carla told me the brokers should give you all the information at their disposal. If they don't, or won't, let me know and I'll have our traders talk to them.  Thanks for your help, Kate 
 Thanks a lot, Dave.  Kate 
 My paycheck doesn't seem to be anywhere around here. Could you let me know if my name was on the list of missing paychecks for the end of last month? Kathy Axford said she gave you such a list on 12/30.  Thanks, Kate 
 Bob Badeer informed me that these deals have already been confirmed, possibly by you. Could you let me know if this is in fact true? If it is, I will go ahead and make a note in the comments section of the deals.  Thanks, Kate 
 According to Bob Badeer, these deals were confirmed by Christian Yoder, on of our lawyers. I'll check with Christian to see why, and add comments to the deals to denote this. Let me know if there's anything else I can do.  Thanks, Kate 
 This deal is part of a sleeve - we bought Powerex at 145.00 and sold EES at 145.05. This is standard procedure for these kinds of deals, said the guys at the Long Term Northwest desk. They're positive that the deal should include a 5-cent charge on the sale side; and Mike Driscoll said if EES still disputes this, they can call him to verify.  Please let me know if this deal continues to be a problem.  Thanks, Kate 
 Oops - I guess the deal can't be killed because it contains liquidated strips. I've changed the confirm status to no confirm, and the energy to CAISO - so even though the deal has no volume or price, its other details are correct.  Kate 
 Chris entered this deal thinking that one was missing from a few days earlier. He then realized that the deal was already in, and zeroed this one out (instead of just killing it - sometimes those guys are in a big hurry!) So I'm going to go ahead and kill the deal, thus eliminating the need to change these other details. Does that make sense? Sorry for the confusion.  By the way, how were the holidays for all of you gals down in Texas? I spent mine on the beach with a Pina Colada in Mexico, and believe it or not, I'm actually glad to be back at work. I was beginning to feel worthless, not to mention sunburned. Although any minute now I'm going to be ready for my noontime siesta!  Kate 
 I have read and understood your e-mail regarding protocol for e-mail and files during this time of investigation by the Attorney General. I intend to comply with all the policies outlined in it.  I apologize for the delay in my response; I was out of town for the holidays.  Kate Symes 
 I'm having Chris Foster check on these deals. Stewart is overseas for the holidays and won't be back for awhile, so in the meantime Chris and I will do our best to find out which deals he was referring to. Let me know if anything resembling these deals comes up on your end.  Thanks, Kate 
 This was Stan Cocke's deal, and since he just transferred into mid-marketing from real time, he's not used to putting the confimation request into his deals. This should be confirmed; but since the deal has already flowed, I wanted to check with you before changing anything. Please let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 I spoke with Chris, and he said this deal is in the system. He didn't know the deal number off the top of his head, but he said Constellation is aware of it. Would you like me to research further? Or does everything look okay from your end now? Let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 I just spoke with Heather Dunton in Risk, and she said they've had problems valuing index forward deals that settle at the last 5-day NYMEX average. So to remedy the situation, they're taking a fifth of the volume out of the deal each day, beginning five days prior to the expiry date. In this case, the expiry date is 4/25/01, so they began with taking 5 MW out of deal 585480 and putting it into a fixed price forward deal - 586775. Each day Heather will take another fifth of the volume in 585480 and put it into 586775, and she'll average the fixed prices each day to eventually end up with the last 5-day average. That's the long and short of why this new forward deal - 586775 - doesn't need to be confirmed. Our position with Deseret stays the same - it's just split between two deals temporarily.  Please call Heather or me with any questions. She's going to add another comment in both deals to indicate the changes she'll be making, so it should be apparent to everyone that 586775 does not need to be confirmed at any point. When we get to the expiry date, Heather will kill that fixed forward deal, since the index price will pull into the system and 585480 will value properly.  Sorry for the winded explanation, but I thought it was better to give you more than less!  Thanks, Kate 
 I'm sorry my reply is so delayed - I was gone for the New Year holiday. This deal should have been entered on 12/19. It looks like it's still in there as 12/20; but I wanted to check with you before changing it. Let me know.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   12/22/2000 10:40 AM 
 While you guys were all busy worrying over the California energy crisis, I slipped down to Mexico to conduct an investigation of how our neighbors even further to the south are faring. Do they still have lights? Is the AC shot? Can they even make a blended margarita?  Seriously, though, I will be out of the office on Friday, Dec. 22, and again from Wednesday, Dec. 27 to Monday, Jan. 2. I realize this is late notice; I did let Richter know awhile ago, but I probably should have spread the word a little further. I am truly sorry.  At any rate (below the price cap of course), while I am gone I would be so appreciative if one of you could run the Dow Jones report in the morning and the EOL report in the evening. Dow Jones will only need to be taken care of from Wed. through Fri. of next week. I will call on those days, and I can easily explain the procedure over the phone to those of you who don't know it. If I call and you're ridiculously busy, just hang up on me. I'll call back later.  The EOL report we have come to know and love is actually being fixed right now. I will talk with Nicolay Kraltchev, the Houston IT guy in charge of fixing it, on Friday, Dec. 22. It should be up and running again by Friday afternoon. Again, I'll call to check in and make sure this works, or explain how to use it.  I'll be in the office on Monday, Dec. 25, just briefly to make sure it hasn't exploded in my absence, but then I'll be off to the land where tequila is better for you than water. Sounds terrible. Please don't hesitate to call if you have any questions, or problems, of the work sort, of course.  Kate 503.819.2181 
 The EnPower IT group in Houston is making some changes to the EOL Report which in the long run will improve its functionality, but in the interim has left it temporarily disabled. I have left a message for Nicolay Kraltchev, the IT staff member in charge of the project, and he will be contacting both Carla Hoffman and me tomorrow. With any luck, this will be resolved by Friday evening and we can resume distribution of the report as usual. I'm sorry for any inconvenience this causes.  Thanks, Kate 
 Broker is correct. Chris entered the wrong price. I'll change it to 370 when Risk is done calcing.  Kate 
 Mark's got the price in for deal #484076 as $325. He's gone now, but I checked with Tom Alonso, who also trades on the Short Term Southwest desk, and he said it's definitely 325. Let me know if the broker still disputes this. As for 484077, it's in the system as $350 - is that correct?  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   12/21/2000 01:39 PM 
 I just changed both of these deals to CAISO energy, instead of Firm. I noticed that the one you asked about, #481620, was part of an EES sleeve, so I checked the other side of it, deal #481621, and sure enough it also had the incorrect energy type. It's holiday fever!  Thanks, Kate 
 This deal, along with three other options I entered yesterday, defaulted to AM when I changed the expiry frequency from Day to Month. It's been changed now. Thanks for the heads up.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   12/21/2000 08:06 AM 
 Apparently, these are deals we entered in an attempt to cancel an existing contract with Hinson - so they are not actual purchases of power, which I believe is where the confusion over the confirm letters began. Christian is working on the legal aspect of how best to confirm these "deals," but as is so often the case with these guys (and especially around the holidays), they slipped out of the office before giving me an answer. So we'll get this done tomorrow morning. I'm sorry for the delay!  Thanks, Kate 
 I've heard some mumbling about problems with EES deals, so this doesn't come as much of a surprise. Here's what I've done:  On the first deal, #481619, I'd feel more comfortable if Mike Swerzbin, the trader who did the deal, gave his okay to change the price. I've left a message with him to verify the price, and at the very latest I'll see him tomorrow morning.  Deal #480433 cannot be killed because it contains liquidated strips; however, it looks like Phil Platter, the Short Term California scheduler, has alreday zeroed out the deal. Will this work? Or is there another method by which I can go about killing a deal? (Sorry to ask so many questions, but 90% of our office is already gone for the holidays and quite difficult to get ahold of.)  I've changed #481620. I think the trader just overcompensated for the change back from Daylight Savings Time. I'll remind these guys to always enter PPT for the time zone, to be on the safe side.  I hope this solves at least some of the problems for now. I'll let you know as soon as I talk to Swerzbin tomorrow. Let me know if there's anything else.  Kate 
 I have changed the following deals to reflect a monthly expiry frequency instead of daily:  483753 483759 483765 483766  Since I don't enter options very often, and have only done daily options before, I'm still getting familiar with all the different parameters of the deals. I'm sorry for the confusion. Thanks for catching that.  Kate 
 It looks like both of these are in with Pacificorp. Were they corrected?  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   04/19/2001 02:41 PM 
 sure thing! thanks for letting me know.  kate 
 Thanks for keeping me up to date. Out of curiosity, do you know why El Paso changed the trade date in the first place?  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   12/20/2000 01:45 PM 
 All deals have been approved and auto scheduled.  483760 - 11/1/00 483758 - 11/1/00 483752 - 11/18/00 483755 - 11/18/00  Thanks, Kate 
 You're such a nut! 
 I've forwarded this e-mail to Christian and Greg. Unfortunately, the population of the office is quickly dwindling as the holidays come near. I've been told that one or the other of them will be in today, and I'll find out if something has been sent out already, and if not, how soon we can do that. I'll get back to you as soon as I talk to them.  Thanks, Kate 
 Cara - that was adorable! Thanks for the memories.  Kate 
 Would you let me know if confirmation letters have already been sent out for these deals? If not, is there any way to get them out before the holiday?  Thanks, Kate 
 Val and I have finished auto-scheduling these deals. Please let me know if you see them coming through approval, or if there is anything else I can do to assist.  Thanks, Kate 
 The deal has been fixed. I'm so sorry about that - when I changed the dates at the top, the computer asked if I'd like it to copy the changes into the strips. I should have checked to make sure it did this correctly!  And I will definitely add notes in the comments section of deals I change from now on. Thanks for the tip.  Kate 
 Here's the solution I came up with. It will only take a few more minutes each day, but I think it will make the EOL summary more relevant. Please let me know if this plan suits you -  1. You will continue to receive the same EnPower/EOL summary, complete with EES sleeves. If I take the EES deals out of this table, I have to adjust the total megawatts accordingly. This could end up taking awhile, and I'm not sure the effect would be worth it. Again, let me know if you agree, because I'd like this report to be as applicable as possible.  2. I will run the EnPower deal count, excluding EES deals. I'll compare this count to the original one to determine how many EES deals were done by each desk, then double that number - to account for both sides of the sleeve - and subtract. I'll enter the altered numbers into the graph, which should produce a more accurate rendering of the day's activities.  I think I made it sound more complicated than it is. Bottom line, this should solve the EES sleeve dilemma with little ado.  Kate 
 These have been changed - and I changed the broker fee in 586569 to $15 flat.   Stephanie Piwetz   04/19/2001 02:19 PM 
 no problem!  kate   Stephanie Piwetz   12/19/2000 02:32 PM 
 Bloomberg was mistaken on this one. They'll be sending out a new confirm soon.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   12/19/2000 02:19 PM 
 You're so right. I've taken it out. I think that must have been a lapse in brain cells for one of the traders!  Thanks, Kate 
 You're right - I'm changing the deal right now.  Thanks, Kate 
 Les Rawson has spoken with Doug Reiner at Willamette regarding this deal. They are in agreement now about the prices. Les said he usually has to explain the methodology a few times when he does deals with these guys, so it's nothing new. But in the future, Les said he'd prefer to contact the counterparty first to avoid confusion. His extension is 3924. You're also more than welcome to call me first and I'll track Les down. (I think I'm probably easier to get ahold of!)  At any rate, I hope this clears it up. And if Willamette has any other questions, let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 I just got this from Cute Blazer Guy - thought you might like to distribute it to the Origination team in case people want to partake in some more Blazer mania...  Kate 
 I've changed the term to 12/4, and I'm going to make a note in our daily deal correction report that this was due to a late report from EES. Thanks for catching this.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   12/19/2000 09:02 AM 
 This deal was a sleeve done for EES, and we've had problems with the trade dates on these before. EES reported this trade to us on 12/6/00, and it was Matt Motley's understanding that the trade was executed the previous day. He doesn't care either way, but he suggested you talk to someone at EES - maybe Jubran Whalan or Neil Bresnan - about what their intent was with the date.  In the meantime, I can change the date to 12/4 if you'd like. What would be best? E-mail or call and let me know.  Thanks a lot! Kate @ 503-464-7486    Stephanie Piwetz   12/19/2000 08:15 AM 
 Thanks, Kerri - that's very nice of you! 
 I just added it. I don't know why, but I checked Jeff's Deal Blotter and he had entered the broker. For some reason this did not transfer over into Deal Entry. Sorry!  Kate 
 I just entered these deals for Mark -  586761 - sell pac 586763 - sell bp  Thanks, Kate    Stephanie Piwetz   04/19/2001 01:43 PM 
 481735 Jeff Richter did not put a broker in. He's adding that.  Thanks, Kate 
 First deal is 481433. Jeff Richter entered this awhile ago.  Second deal is 481489. Sean Crandall forgot to put the broker in - he's adding that right now.  Thanks, Kate 
 Mike Swerzbin did not get a confirm from the broker on these deals. They were two sleeves done with EES, and Driscoll just entered them. Thanks for the heads up. Any other questions, just give me a call or e-mail.  Kate 
 Sorry for the confusion, Geir. When I got the e-mail from Houston it gave me the deal numbers and your name - I didn't even look in the comments section. My fault! If you let Porter know the correct counterparty shortname, that would be great. Thanks for your help.  Kate    Geir Solberg 12/18/2000 07:36 AM 
 This deal should have a broker fee. I'll change it in the system.  Thanks, Kate 
 Two of these should have fees; two should not.  Add .0075 broker fee to: 477212  Add .005 broker fee to: 474434  No broker fee on: 468440 468444  This is per Matt Motley's trade book. I'll change the fees in the deals; and if you have questions about the deals with no fee, let me know and I'll call Matt to verify.  Thanks, Kate 
 This deal was added awhile ago - number 480865.  Thanks, Kate 
 These have been changed. Thanks Kerri.  Kate 
 I talked to Diana Scholtes last night about this deal, and she looked at it this afternoon. She says the deal is definitely not entered correctly, but because it was done for the days when we got hit with transmission cuts, she wants to look into it a little further before she changes or kills it. She said she'd reconcile it tomorrow, and we'll let you know what we've done then.  Thanks for your patience, Kate 
 Now that's getting into the Christmas spirit! 
 P.S. I mentioned this to you, Melissa. But just a reminder that we need the default broker fee on this to be $.03.  Thank you! 
 This deal was entered today - Matt Motley was trying to agree on terms with the broker, but they didn't get it all tied up until this morning. The deal is as follows:  Buy Calpine Palo Verde 25 MW Q3-01 $300 Broker: TFS  Thanks, Kate 
 This is your missing deal for Jeff Richter:  480392 Buy Pac 12/17/00-12/18/00 50 MW NP-15 Broker: APB  Thanks, Kate 
 This deal has been changed.  Thanks, Kate 
 Rhonda did e-mail me about these deals last night. I forwarded it on to the Real Time manager and trader who entered the deals. It was actually a new real time guy using another trader's i.d. because he was waiting for his own - I don't think this is the kind of mistake the veterans should be making. At any rate, Bill changed the counterparty name and trader i.d. in all of these deals.  Thanks for the heads up on this.  Kate 
 I think I sent something about this to you yesterday - here's a friendly reminder from Houston. Let me know if you guys want help changing these deals.  Kate 
 I've forwarded this to Bill Williams III, Real Time manager, who asked to be notified of problems and discrepancies with Short Term West Hourly deals. I'll change these deals in the system; meanwhile, Bill's going to talk to Geir about using the correct counterparty name.  Thanks for catching that.  Kate 
 Correct again....This deal has been changed. Also, I've forwarded these last two e-mails to Bill Williams III, Real Time manager, who can talk to these guys about using correct counterparty names in deal entry. In the future if you see errors or discrepancies in deals done by the Short Term West Hourly desk, please send the e-mail to Bill and myself. This will hopefully be a more direct way of nipping the problem in the bud.  Thanks for your help.  Kate 
 You're so right! I checked around and found that Arizona Public Service still does the transmission deals for Pinnacle West. I'll change both deals right away.  Thanks, Kate 
 I figured you'd probably see Geir before I do. If so, would you check with him on these deals and find out if they should be with LADWPPX or Los Angeles Department of Water and Power? I have a feeling it's the latter, but I'd like to know for sure before I change the deals and eliminate the useless counterparty name.  Thanks, Kate 
 I checked both of these deals, and they each show no broker fee. Mark Fischer might have just changed this, but let me know if it's still not showing up in your system.  Thanks, kate 
 These are done. 
 That sounds great. Just let me know when you guys are ready to run the test upload. I can validate the deals and help work out any glitches, although it sounds like everything will go smoothly.  Thanks for all your hard work on this - having the swaps automated will make my job much easier. Now you can kick back and relax before you make my job obsolete!  Kate 
 I thought it might behoove you guys to know about this, even though I am unclear as to its meaning myself. Basically, Cara made a change in scheduling that she did not change in Enpower, and it has to do with an ongoing deal being managed by the short and long term northwest desks.  In addition, Carla and I zeroed out a deal for Diana Scholtes in scheduling - 473338 - selling to Modesto at NP-15 for BOM on peak. For some reason, she just needed it zeroed out for tomorrow, so we did not change the deal in deal entry. If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks, Kate 819-2181 
 If I don't drink anything, you get a ticket to the Blazers/Lakers game on Dec. 13. If I do drink, you pay for it. How's that sound?  Kate    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Here are the people who handle confirms in Houston:  Melissa Ann Murphy Sharen Cason Kim Hundl  EB 3115 1400 Smith Street Houston, Texas 77002  Hope that helps! Let me know if you need anything else.  Kate 
 This deal has been changed to AEP.  Thanks, Kate 
 How many times will I have to remind them? Mike Driscoll added comments on both these deals - they would definitely like the special language added in the confirm letter.  Thanks, Kate 
 Per Greg Wolfe and Valarie Sabo: Do not verbally confirm these deals. Greg Wolfe is preparing a confirm letter himself. Sharen Cason was handling this account with Greg Wolfe, John Malowney and Valarie Sabo yesteday, so she would have more detailed information.  Let me know if that does it!  Thanks, Kate 
 Deal number 478905. Jeff Richter forgot to put the broker in. I'll change it when the calc is done.  Thanks, kate 
 The first two deals were already entered by Chris Mallory. Numbers are 478469 and 478477. I'll add APB as the broker on both those deals.  The third deal was not entered and is actually a buy from Idaho, not Entergy. 478978 buy Idaho 25 MW 325.00 Jan Mid-C Off Peak  Thanks, Kate 
 The strips in this deal have been changed. Total MW for the deal is now 24,800. If this solves the problem, great. If not, let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 Chris Foster has requested that we set up a new broker - the Automated Power Exchange, in EnPower. It is the same counterparty we already have in EnPower, with the same name and contact information. Melissa, I believe you said we could pretty easily add the name in the broker list if it was the same as in the counterparty list, which Chris has verified it is. Please let me know if you need anymore information.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've forwarded this message to Geier and Bill Williams III, the Real Time manager, who will remedy the problem - probably something to do with deal blotter defaults.  Thanks. Kate 
 478199 has been changed to 164.95 price. And 477087 has been changed to Q3-01.  Thanks, Kate 
 I like that. It has a homey, Mister Rogers ring to it. 
 Yes, these are deals 478198 and 478199. Both are entered under Natsource, and should be for Q1-01. 478199 was entered with the wrong price (165.05). It should be 164.95, and I'll change it when the Risk girls are done with their calc.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've changed 469388 to include a broker fee - trader mistake. Mike Driscoll and Swerzbin swear that the other two should not include broker fees. Driscoll just checked with the Natsource broker, who cleared this up with his back office - so they should agree now. Let me know if there is still a discrepancy. I believe the Natsource broker is changing this.  Thanks, kate 
 Contact name: Kevin Markovich Phone number: 406-496-5476  Kevin actually sent an e-mail to Melissa Ann Murphy regarding this deal, so if you need more information, she'd probably be the one to go to.  Thanks, Kate 
 These two are the same deal. We just added TFS in there as the broker - Mike forgot that. But we recognize the trade as Cal-01, not Q3-01. Mike just talked to the broker, who's going to pull the tapes from Friday to determine who's correct, but for now he wants to leave it as Cal-01. I'll let you know if we hear otherwise.  Thanks, Kate 
 Yes, but can we call you "with anything"? 
 Don't worry about it. Actually, I kind of like to know what the schedulers are dealing with, as oftentimes in the thick of things they're too busy to explain to me why and how something I do affects them. It's all about the chain reaction in this place, I'm beginning to notice. Heaven forbid I was the weak link!  Kate 
 Thanks for fixing that stuff, Stan. Do you need me to autoschedule the deals?  Kate 
 I guess EVERYONE is going at a mad pace today, because we just checked with the Amerex broker, who said he's in the process of putting that second deal in - meanwhile his back office is trying to check out! What the...? So Amerex should see the second deal, identical to the first, any second. Let me know if they still don't check out.  Thanks, Kate 
 All of these deals are in the traders' books, and we're working right now on getting them in the system. Market is crazy, prices are insane, traders have been trapped in meetings all morning trying to get a handle on it. I'm sorry - we're hurrying.  Thanks, Kate 
 The broker put delivery point in wrong for a second and then changed it. It is Mid-C. 
 Thank you!  The itemization was absolutely no problem, and please let me know when I can do things like that to make your job go more smoothly. I know the market got chaotic late yesterday; so I probably could have assumed that our net position would be off today and at least one other person would know that. But it seems that in this business, assumption can cause a small problem to breed and multiply into one of mammoth proportions down the line. So I thought I'd ask. In the future, is it you I should come to, or real time?  Thanks again for your help.  Kate 
 She didn't "warn" me that you were cheesy, but she did mention you were a peach too! And anyway, I love cheesy e-mails.  But since I'm writing, I might as well mention that I have a deal that was changed last night by one of our traders, and I think it needs to be re-confirmed. It's deal number 476435 - Mark Fischer caught his own error and changed the delivery point from Palo Verde to Mid-C.  And speaking of confirms and all that good stuff, that's one area I was never really told about; so if you or anyone else in your group has any information to share - anything that I could do to make your jobs easier or to make our jobs synchronize better - PLEASE let me know. I'm very humble about how much I have to learn, so the more people teach me, the better.  I believe I'll be coming down to Houston after the new year to meet people, tour the place, and get a suntan! So if you don't want to call or e-mail with every detail, you can compile them all and give me the run-down when I'm there. Whatever works for you guys - just let me know.  Thanks a lot, Kate 
 It's done!  Thanks, Kate 
 This should be changed to CAISO energy. Please let me know what you'd like me to do - change the deal or wait.  Thanks, Kate 
 Mike is entering that deal right now. I'll get back to you with the deal number.  Thanks, Kate 
 The first two are in. Deal numbers are 476581 and 476582.  476285 is no good. It's been killed.  Thanks, Kate 
 Oh, I get it now.....  Thanks! 
 I've auto-scheduled deals 566424 and 566426, and I'm including the Real Time spreadsheet for 4/9. The volumes I see in this sheet match the deals in our Scheduling system exactly (deal in question was 576512). Please let me know if this sheet is different than the one you were given, or if we've got another problem. And let me know if those first two deals show up on your CARP report.  Thanks for your time on this, Kate 
 I wanted to introduce myself and let you know that the Portland West Desk has a new person in Deal Control. I'm sure you know from working with Carla Hoffman that the position requires quite a bit of communication with your group regarding Enpower program development; so if there is anything I can do to facilitate the speed or success of your tasks, please let me know.  The first Enpower question I have is regarding the Enron Online Report. Apparently Carla had requested a few changes, which were then put into a stage version of the program. I'm wondering if we can get that report into production, and more importantly, if we can make a few more minor changes to it. Right now I'm running reports by logging on as Carla, which is fine, but eventually we'd like to see the EOL report up and running for everyone to use.  I know that Carla and Nicolay have worked on it in the past, and I think it would be relevant to talk with them about issues and obstacles they found in the report. I look forward to meeting you (via telephone or otherwise!).  Thanks, Kate 
 Bob says this deal is on SP-15. Let me know if Amerex still disputes.  Thanks, Kate 
 This is an index forward deal sold to EES by EPMI Short Term California - 80 MW, off-peak hours, on NP-15. I just spoke with Niclas, who confirmed this was the information he was looking for. If you need anything else, please don't hesitate to e-mail or call.  Thanks, Kate West Desk Deal Control 503.464.7486 
 In regard to the special delivery point language for April-02 and beyond: Please use me as a liasion between the Portland traders and yourselves to ensure these deals get entered correctly. The traders are aware that they need to specify whether or not they'd like the counterparty to see this special language; however, if deals get through to the Confirms department without specification in the comments section, I'd like to be notified. In this way, we can resolve the matter quickly and efficiently and hopefully avoid a larger problem down the road.  Thanks for your help on this.  Kate 
 test    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I got a hold of Southern finally, and Mark Watts is out until Monday. The assistant who I spoke to knew pretty much nothing about this, so he said he couldn't verify whether or not they would be willing to ADP the deal. But according to our traders, they spoke with Mark Watts yesterday afternoon, and he agreed to ADP the December futures deal.  If this still seems to be a problem, please let me know. Otherwise I'll plan on talking to Watts on Monday.  Thanks, Kate 
 Just FYI - this is the kind of stuff I think makes this job so interesting! 
 You're welcome so much!  Kate 
 Yes, Mike would like special language included in this deal's confirm letter. I spoke with him and a couple of the other traders, who said that they were aware of the change coming in April-02, but weren't aware they needed to enter comments in the deal. I'm sending an e-mail out to all of them to remind everyone to enter comments in deals that go past April-02 if they want special language.  Please let me know if there's anything else I can do.  Thanks, Kate 
 BLOOMBERG 585337 - changed to APS I can't remember - did we decide to use APS as CTPY name with Bloomberg only until they change it to Pinnacle in their system? This won't mess up confirms later?  AMEREX 585230 - del. point is palo, says Driscoll - he's calling his broker to clear this up  Thanks, Kate 
 That's funny, because that's the guy who Mike Swerzbin and Matt Motley told me agreed to ADP the deal. I just gave him a call, but no answer. I'll try back in a bit, but I think we should be fine considering Mark Watts supposedly already agreed.  Thanks a lot, Kate 
 This is Mike Swerzbin's deal, Long Term Northwest desk, which he neglected to input before our risk group started calcing. It's in there now and the number is 474641.  And Bob Badeer just entered his TFS deals, so you should see those in there now.  Kate 
 474520 - Should not be $210. Actually, Bob just changed the deal to $307, so it was in wrong, but he said Prebon's price is totally off.  474593 - Again, we had the price wrong, but so did Prebon. Mallory just changed it to $210.  These last two deals are in now - 474604 and 474605.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've spoken with Tim Cannon at Sempra, who said that what he needed was for our broker and his broker to talk to each other and agree that this deal has gone physical and is no longer on NYMEX. Then I talked to Matt Motley, who talked to his broker, who will now talk to Sempra's broker and hopefully solve this once and for all.  You're right though. There's no need for it to be this difficult, especially when we do it every month. I think it would be really helpful if we could get a hold of Dave Dupre to find out how this was handled before. If we can't, I guess we'll just have to determine who will take responsibility for making sure these deals are recognized as physical by both parties. I would be happy to do that each month when we exercise our futures options, but I want everyone involved to be aware of the procedure.  Thanks a lot for helping on this. Please let me know if you find out anymore.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thanks for checking on this.  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   12/05/2000 08:27 AM 
 Dead deal. See previous e-mail. 
 These three deals, plus the one in the second e-mail you sent, are dead according to Chris Mallory. He said Prebon should not be confirming them. Please let me know if Prebon still disputes this.  Thanks, Kate 
 This deal is with Mieco. It's been changed.  Thanks, Kate 
 How did I turn around and suddenly find myself in December? Why is there a man parked outside my office incessantly tooting "Jingle Bell Rock" on his horn? When will I ever see my bare feet again? How annoying is it that I began this e-mail with lines of whining?  I hope the holidays are at least a somewhat more sincere experience in Vietnam than they are here. I guess I don't remember this kind of chaos in years past, but then I'm spending a lot more time in the commercial center of the city these days. Which, by the way, is going very well. I'm just getting to the level of familiarity with my new job that allows me time for pointless e-mails. It's been a steep learning curve, and I still have a long way to go, but that's what makes everyday interesting.  Other than work, I haven't had time for a whole lot. Thanksgiving was nice - saw a lot of friends from out of town and had enough meals with the family to satisfy, but not overwhelm, the quality time scale. Our office had its big holiday bash last weekend, which I kicked off the night before for no apparent reason and just continued the festivities for about 48 nonstop hours. There's snow on the mountain, so this weekend I might have to break in (or break, whichever comes first) my new snowboard.  Hope all's well on the other side of the world. It's kind of comforting to remind myself every once in awhile that there is another side, full of people who could care less about power trading and Portland, Oregon. By the way, I heard through the grapevine that Clinton was quite a hand-full. Good or bad? Or ugly?  Shoot me an e-mail when and if you get a chance. I'm out of here on the 22nd, and it will be so nice to see the sun again. If I don't see you, have a great vacation, and try not to be overwhelmed by the joyousness of the season.  Kate 
 I realize this is late notice, but it just occurred to me that I never discussed my Christmas vacation plans with you when I transferred into Trading. I have a family trip planned and paid for, so I hope it won't cause too much chaos if I'm gone. I understand the tendency for people to feel lost and helpless without me.  I'm supposed to be in California with my dad on Dec. 22, then in Mexico with my mom from Dec. 26 to Jan. 2. So I basically need to miss four days of work. Again, I'm sorry to bring this to you so late, and I'd be glad to do any amount of work before or after, or even spend my holiday entering deals on the computer in some exotic Central American internet cafe. I've heard they're great places to rage.  We can discuss the logistics when you're back in the office. And by the way, the flame in this e-mail does not indicate anger, but rather is meant to be a festive, joyous, holiday-time explosion.  Kate 
 Yes, it should have been Sierra Pacific Power Co. I've changed it in EnPower. These traders' heads are starting to spin with all the variations on counterparty names, as I'm sure yours is as well!  Thanks, Kate 
 Just curious - did you ever catch up with Larry Joe Hunter regarding the Long Term Southwest desk's futures deal with Sempra? I'm wondering if I should grab Matt Motley before he goes home today to let him know he needs to get a hold of Tim Cannon about the ADT. Let me know when and if you talk to him.  Thanks, Kate 
 According to all the guys at the Long Term Northwest desk, this trade was cancelled by Bloomberg. Let me know if Bloomberg still thinks it's good, and I'll have the traders call over there.  Thanks, Kate 
 The first deal is no good - Bob checked it out with Smitty at Prebon.  The second two were Tim Belden deals. Following are the numbers:  473320 sells El Paso 25 MW 170.00 Mid-C Q2-01  473321 sells Grant County 25 MW 175.00 Mid-C Q2-01  Thanks, Kate 
 I've changed this to 50 MW - miscommunication between Puget and Richter.  Thanks, Kate 
 These deals were entered about half an hour ago by Matt Motley.  473282 buy Avista 92.00 25 MW Palo Verde On peak  473281 buy Tractebel 73.00 Q4-02 Palo Verde On peak  Let me know if you still don't see these in the system.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thanks so much for doing that, Melissa.  Kate 
 I actually did get that last e-mail, but somehow it ended up buried at the bottom of my in-box, just like so many other things. As far as the Blazer ticket trade, I believe I bought a call from you on the Laker game, and you bought the option from me on the Cavaliers - so I can choose to exercise on 12/13 at 7 p.m., and you can choose to exercise on 1/16 at 7 p.m. In other words, no matter what happens, I'm going to both games. Got it?  As far as good stories from that night, I probably have the best, or at least one of the more hilarious, of those circulating the floor. And no, it has nothing to do with me. Ask me about it later, and I might be able to give it up for firm delivery of a seat at next week's game. Think about it.  Kate 
 I don't know if you saw my second e-mail, but I checked it out with Chris Mallory, who did the deal, and he verified the price at $214.95. If Prebon still disputes this, let me know and I'll have Mallory talk to Prebon.  Thanks, Kate 
 Yes, this deal is with APB. It's been changed.  Thanks, Kate 
 Oops, and one more thing. The price on this is entered both in Jeff's trade log and in Deal Entry as $214.95. I verified that with Chris Mallory, who's working on the California desk today. If Prebon still has a discrepancy, let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 No - they won't be calcing for another half an hour or so. 
 This is actually deal #471975, which I just fixed because Jeff forgot to put the broker name in there. It is with Prebon.  Thanks, Kate 
 471977 was done with APB. I just changed it.  471975 was with Prebon. That's changed as well.  These deals were both sleeves in which Jeff entered the broker name on one side but not the other.  Thanks, Kate 
 This has been changed - I guess old habits die hard, huh!  Thanks, Kate 
 These two deals are with APB, not Amerex. I've changed them in the system. Thanks for the heads up.  Kate 
 Yeah - I pretty much became part of the furniture yesterday as I recouped from the brutality of that weekend. I ended up at a random friend's house at about 4 a.m., then proceeded to down a couple beers and head for bed at about 6:30. I could not believe it when my alarm went off this morning - it's a cruel, cruel world when you've got a social schedule like ours. But I definitely had a good time Saturday, despite the fact that I was ditched by my ride and locked out of my house, which is never fun after a dozen cocktails. All in all, though, great party. 
 Yes, this is correct. Les Rawson, our services guy, did this deal which he explained is a little strange because the company we're buying generation from didn't want to provide firm energy, so we're selling the unit contingent instead of firm to Avista. Anyway, that's how he tried to explain it to me. I hope that helps.  Thanks, Kate  P.S. Although the energy is correct in these deals, the days are not. I'll be changing 471884 and 471891 to reflect Mon. through Sat. on peak hours instead of M-S, Sundays and Holidays, on peak. 
 All of Jeff's deals should be in. I spoke with Diana and she said she had entered these two deals. I'm looking for the deal numbers, but according to the trader, these are in the system. Let me know if you still can't find them.  Kate 
 Jeff just finished inputting his deals - all of those should be there now.  Bob just changed 471555 and 471556 to Cal-02.  Sean changed the price to agree with Amerex - buy @280.00/sell @ 280.05.  Kate 
 471740 - Bob Badeer checked with Natsource. This is their deal. Broker mistake.  471315 - This was PGET. It's been changed.  471588 - This was 12/3, not 12/4. It's been changed.  Thanks, Kate 
 Bob finally entered these. Here are the deal numbers and details:  471546 Enron buys El Paso 25 MW 141.00 Palo Verde On Peak  471547 Enron sells EES 25 MW 141.05 Palo Verde On Peak  Thanks, Kate 
 I've changed deals 581499 and 581605 to Sierra Pacific Power. They're suposed to be transmission deals, they were just in with the wrong counterparty name. And thanks again for working so hard to finalize this Sierra Pacific Holding Co. thing.  Kate 
 Diana just heard back from Prebon. They had it wrong, and have now fixed it. There is no deal. Let me know if you don't see this change in the next few minutes.  Thanks, Kate 
 Bob talked with TFS this morning and has the deals in his trade log now. I'll get the deal numbers from him as soon as he inputs them, but you should see those trades in the system soon.  Thanks, Kate 
 Mike Driscoll input the deal for Swerzbin. He's sure it's Mid-C, because he wasn't trading any COB yesterday. He's having Prebon check their tapes, and they should get back to us in a minute.  Thanks, Kate 
 This is a Tom Alonso deal; and it's for heavy load, and since 12/31 is a Sunday, the term will actually end on 12/30. I can change the end date in deal entry if that makes things less complicated; but either way the deal will end on the 30th. Please let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 Diana is having Prebon look into this. It's not the kind of trade their desk would be doing right now, so they're skeptical; should just be a couple minutes.  Kate 
 Thanks a lot for getting that going, John. I'm sure it'll make Carla happy not to have my mistakes under her name anymore.  Kate 
 Bob does not recognize these deals, and tried to check with the broker. He'll talk to TFS in the morning to verify these and I'll let you know ASAP.  Thanks, Kate 
 Chris had two deals in and forgot to kill the one with the incorrect counterparty name. 470094 no longer exists, and the correct deal is number 470097.  Kate 
 Sean and Diana do not recognize this deal. They tried to check with the brokers, but couldn't get a hold of anyone. I'll let you know first thing in the morning whether or not this is good and what the deal number is.  Kate 
 Hey there Mr. Real Time. Looks like you did a deal with Pacificorp on 11/28 - EPMI STCA buys 8 MW @ $60 for hour 2. These eight silly little megawatts have unbalanced our book and driven the schedulers to near insanity. No, just kidding. But I think there should be a sale of 8 MW from Nevada to Mead on hour 2 somewhere in there. I don't know - I'm not the expert, which is why I'm asking you.  Will you please let Lisa Gang or me know how to fix this. I'm more than happy to do it, just wanted to double check with the man who created the mess in the first place. (Kidding again.)  Kate 
 Melissa - I think we've finally reached a conclusion on the long term PX Index deals. I've entered the following comment in the six deals still in the system with Constellation at the old index:  Constellation and EPMI have agreed to leave deal at PX Index. Counterparties' positions tie out - index price should not be relevant; however, index offset will. Per Bob Badeer, 4/18/01. KS  This is exactly how Bob explained it to me, and he said it was exactly as Constellation understood it as well. So if this sounds good to you, I think we're set. If not, please let me know and we can make whatever changes are necessary.  The deal numbers, for reference, are - 453152/453175/453294/462109/471888/471889  Thanks for your patience on this, Kate 
 Well, the origination tickets are up for grabs if you want them. I have been informed by Mollie, Oh Holy Keeper of the Tickets, that you must, and I quote, "come over here and beg me" if you want to procure free seats to tonight's game.  The ball is now in your court. I'd suggest driving down the middle, faking to the left, butt-kissing to the right, and taking it straight to the hole for a slam dunk. Good luck!  Kate "Nothin' But Net" Symes 
 Thanks so much for setting this up. I'm so excited! And I promise not to scare these poor kids away.  Kate 
 Thanks so much for your help, Veronica. 
 Just FYI - This should cut down on the paper trail a bit.  Kate 
 I was just told that we are being sent the Credit Watchlist Update via fax, in addition to the one you send me via e-mail every couple weeks or so. Since I already receive and print out the list for all of our traders and mid-marketers, I thought it might cut down on some work for someone if they didn't have to fax it to us as well. I don't know if that person is you, or if you might know who I can contact; in any case, Iwe don't need the watchlist faxed to the Portland office. (Anything to take one extra step out of the day, right?)  Please let me know if I should contact somebody else.  Thanks so much, Kate 
 Broker is correct - I've changed these both to 126.00.  Kate 
 Hey, thanks a lot, Chip.  Thanks, Kate 
 You got it. We're all on his case right now, so he should be done in just a minute.  Thanks, Kate 
 I just heard back from Holli Krebs, who verified that Puget is right on this deal - the term should be December through February. I've changed it in the system.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thanks - Enron designed that stationary specifically for me. What with my penchant for exploding tennis balls and all. 
 So, I got the scoop from Phil, and he says that YOU called him and told him the Riverside deal would be decreased to .55 from the usual .8 - go figure! Also, it looks like Jeremy just missed the .8 mw of generation in the 4/15 and 4/16 sheets, which in turn I did not include in your sheet. I've revised it and attached the spreadsheet, but please let me know if you have any other questions. 
 I guess I'll stop picking up random tennis balls off the street and carrying them around in my mouth. Bummer! 
 I'd like to introduce myself, as I'm sure we'll be in frequent contact in the coming weeks while I adjust to my new position at the Deal Control desk here in Portland. Please feel free to call or e-mail me with questions, concerns, alerts, or suggestions - I'm eager to learn as much as I can about this job and take it in new directions. So if there is anything I can do to make your jobs function more smoothly, let me know.  As a first order of business, thank you for the heads-up on the new version of Deal Entry. A couple of our schedulers have been experiencing delayed efficiency with the program  today - I'm not sure if that has anything to do with the new version or possibly our Terminal Server connection. Just wanted to let you know, in case anyone else has the same experience.  I look forward to working with you, and again, feel free to call me anytime.  Thanks, Kate Symes 503.464.7486 
 RE: My newly formed case of dyslexia!  I switched the MW hours on these deals. 469098 should have 10 MW with Sempra. 467455 should have 50 MW with SCEM. These are correct in the system now, but I just wanted to alert you to my error.  Thanks, Kate 
 Here are the deal numbers, with correct counterparty names and MW hours. I changed deal 467455 and added one new forward:  467455 10 MW 175.00 Palo Verde Southern Company Energy Marketing  469098 50 MW 175.00 Palo Verde Sempra Energy Marketing  Please let me know if there are anymore questions.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've got Mike Swerzbin checking on this deal. He says Holli Krebs actually did the deal, so he's trying to get a hold of her right now to verify the term. I'll let you know as soon as I find out.  Thanks, Kate 
 I'm sorry if I confused you with my e-mail last night, but I think I might finally have the futures figured out. Now, instead of one deal number with no counterparty name, we now have two deal numbers, two counterparties, and the correct number of MW in each. Imagine that! Here is the updated information:  467455 10 MW 175.00 Palo Verde Southern Company Energy Marketing Mark Watson  469098 50 MW 175.00 Palo Verde Sempra Energy Trading Chris Bennett  I hope this makes more sense; please let me know if there's anything else I can do.  Thanks, Kate 
 RE: 468302  Sean Crandall just changed this deal to reflect only a December term. Prebon was right on this.  Thanks, Kate 
 This deal finally got sorted out this morning. I believe Kim Ward and Matt Motley worked out another deal with Deseret to offset their loss on this one. But 465821 stands as Enron had it - we sell to Deseret.  If you have any other questions, please let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 I'm sorry it's taken me so long to track down this name and number, but I finally spoke with someone at Puget who said Suzanne McFadden is the person you need to talk to. Her number is 425-462-3844.  If you need any other information, please don't hesitate to ask. ] Thanks, Kate 
 Actually, no, there weren't any COB futures for December. Thanks for checking, though.  Kate 
 Judy - I just heard from Kim Hundl in Confirms that you had a discrepancy regarding a Short Term West Hourly deal entered for 4/4/01. Deal 570892 was originally entered as a buy of 5 MW for hour ending 11. Then the trader extended the deal, which is something Real Time traders do often, but when they do they rarely modify the deal in EnPower Deal Entry. They simply make the change in Scheduling. Because of that, unfortunately, you can only see the true total volume of the deal in our scheduling system.  At any rate, I've corrected the Real Time sheet for 4/4 to show the correct volumes for the correct hours; and I'm terribly sorry for the confusion. Please feel free to call me or e-mail any questions you have regarding EPMI's coverage of EES's load. I'm noticing that nine times out of ten, the discrepancies originate when Real Time is hurriedly sending spreadsheets to you guys and not making sure that they match the deals we have in EnPower. Also, I was wondering if you could tell me what database or report you're looking at to tie out our deals with your records. I think if I knew more about your perspective, I'd be able to help more efficiently.  Attached is the revised Real Time spreadsheet for 4/4. And again, please call with questions.  Thanks, Kate 
 I just received the counterparty match-ups for next month's futures. They are as follows:  Deal #467455 60 MW 175.00 Palo Verde Z-00  10 MW to Sempra Energy Trading Corp. Contact: Chris Bennett 203-355-5604  50 MW to Southern Company Energy Marketing Contact: Mark 678-579-3470  Please let me know if you have any questions on this.  Thanks, Kate 
 You're right. This deal does not need to be confirmed again, says Monica Lande. I'll change it in the system as soon as our calc is done today - about 4:30 p.m. PST.  Thanks, Kate 
 God, that's so nice of you to thank me. So many of my students just spread their little wings and fly away, forgetting that I MADE them goddamit. Anyway, I'm glad you had fun in Maui. I honestly think it's pretty much impossible not to. I'm getting ready to go back, hopefully at the end of this winter when I'm nice and frostbitten, in time to see the whales, which by then will be like my family as I will have spent the previous six months porking out on turkey and stuffing and washing it down with quarts of eggnog.  If you're planning any more trips in the future, my full list of city guides can be accessed at www.katerockstheworld.com. It's a start-up operation, but I plan on retiring in about.....wait, hold on.....I just retired.  See ya! Kate 
 Thanks for the in-depth information on our man of the hour, Ken Lay. I never could have imagined he was such a diverse guy - walks on the beach, stormy evenings by the fire, kittens, karaoke? Who knew!  Do you think you could find out his star sign for me?  Thanks, Kate 
 RE: The last deal was just called in by Smitty at Prebon. It's been entered and the deal numbers are 468526 and 468527.  Thanks, Kate 
 1. 468359 is Mike Swerzbin's deal. He entered it incorrectly in his log. It's changed now.  2. 468404 and 468405 - Bob Badeer was given the wrong numbers by Amerex. He's changed the deals to reflect Amerex numbers.  3. 468302 is Donald Robinson's deal. I'm tracking him down right now to check on the term.  4. 468427 is $177, not $197. Jeff has really bad handwriting. I'll change this as soon as the calc is done (about 30 min.).  5. I've left Jeff a message - he's at an off-site meeting today and is probably giving a speech right now.l I don't see these deals in his trade log, so I really need to talk with him in order to find out whether or not he did them and where they might be.  Thanks, Kate 
 Both 457489 and 459812 were logged in Mike's trade book with "no broker fee" written in the margin. I checked with Mike Driscoll, who helped Swerzbin enter the deals, who verified that these are sleeves of other deals and do not require broker fees.  Let me know if Natsource still disputes this.  Thanks, Kate 
 I revised it in the text. 
 Finally! This deal has been deciphered and changed. I killed legs 3 through 7, which were all inadvertantly entered as forwards instead of index forwards. I checked on the Dow Jones Palo Verde index price for those days - 10/3/00 through 10/7/00 - and verified that 5% was greater than $5.00. Legs 2 and 8 already reflected the 5% offset, not $5, so I didn't change anything on these. The new leg numbers are 420886.52 through 420886.56. If there are any further changes to be made, please let me know. Otherwise, thank you so much for your patience and cooperation.  Kate 
 Just wanted to keep you posted on this deal. You called me earlier and said that the counterparty, Deseret, had recorded this deal with Enron buying. We entered the deal with Enron selling. I have Matt Motley, Kim Ward, and Tim Belden reviewing the tapes of Kim Ward's conversation with Desret last week, in which it is clear that she was selling to Deseret. She's spoken with her contact there, who still disputes the deal and says we were buying. They're all talking it over right now, and I'll let you know as soon as we make a decisiion on whether or not to change this deal.  Thanks for your patience, Kate 
 Just a heads up from Chris Foster - 
 I've got Tim Belden checking on this. His first reaction was that it sould be confirmed. I'll let you know as soon as he gets back to me.  Thanks, kate 
 Mom - I know how if feels when things start building like that. I'm finding that "alone time" is really the only way to cope - especially during the holidays. But don't worry about getting upset - you have every right. I am really sorry that I haven't helped you with Anna's finances, but I've felt so overwhelmed just making it to and from work everyday that I haven't managed to fit in much more. Just when I think I might be getting on top of things, I do something like lose my glasses, which then takes priority over everything else I thought I would finally be able to do, as I cannot see a word I'm typing at the moment. IThe madness is neverending! I hope it's comforting to know that no one has it anymore together than you do.  Kate 
 Dave - I'm the new Deal Control staff person here in the Portland office, and I've been told you're the person to contact regarding counterparty match-ups for our futures deals this month.  The futures were done today, and if you could let me know of the corresponding counterparties as soon as you find out, that would be very helpful. If there is anything I should know about your job or how we might help each other work better, please let me know.  Thanks a lot, Kate 503.464.7486 
 I've handed this over to Jeff Richter, who will speak with his contact at Aquila to sort this out. We were both confused about the discrepancy, however, because if the deal didn't exist there would have been problems in scheduling on Oct. 12; and so far we haven't heard anything. I'm sorry this didn't get taken care of more quickly, but Jeff was in a meeting this afternoon.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   11/27/2000 01:06 PM 
 Bob and Matt just finished inputting deals. 
 Bob has just finished inputting his deals. These should be in now. 
 Bob confirms that this deal was over SP-15, not Palo Verde. Let me know if broker still has a discrepancy.  Thanks, Kate 
 Mike and Matt are just finishing inputting their deals. Please let me know if these don't come through in the next few minutes. Jeff Richter hit the wrong broker - the deal number is 467350 and I've changed it to Prebon.  Thanks, Kate 
 Sean Crandall just changed both of these deals. 464181 should have been a buy, and 464182 should have been a sale. Hope that checks out correctly - we couldn't find Diana Scholtes anywhere.  Thanks, Kate 
 I see the deal showing a price of $119.76, which matches the sheet for 4/9. I'm sending you the sheet I'm looking at in case you don't have the latest version. Please let me know if you still don't see the correct price.  Thanks, Kate 
 Both of these were trader errors and have been changed.  Thanks, kate 
 Sean has fixed these - the computer picked up the off peak indices for the related deals - #465720 and #465723.  By the way, all our traders are inputting their deals now. I know you guys are checking out with brokers - we'll try to expedite the process.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've checked with Matt Motley and changed 458712 and 458718 to reflect broker fees of .0075.  I've left a message for Mike Swerzbin to double-check. He has 457489 entered in his log book with no broker fee, but 459812 says nothing either way; so I'd like to get ahold of him before I change anything.  Thanks, Kate 
 Jeff is just finishing entering his deals - he got stuck in a meeting.  Sorry! 
 These have both been changed - trader error.  Thanks, Kate 
 Bob has fixed this to reflect off peak hours. 
 I was alerted this morning to the urgency with which certain people in the Portland office need this information; so I think it might help if they were added to the e-mail list for name change/merger notifications. Following is the list of Portland West Desk employees to add:  Kate Symes Carla Hoffman Jeff Richter Chris Mallory Phillip Platter Jeremy Morris  Thank you so much for your help.  Kate 
 This document accompanies two e-mails I forwarded from Carla - the last EOL Deal Summaries completed for the months of August, September, and October 2000. I hope these are what you're looking for.  Kate 
 Tom does not have record of this deal at all. And I checked with the schedulers - they don't have it down either. Is APB sure this was with El Paso - we have similar deals from the Short Term Northwest desk with other counterparties. Let me know.  Kate 
 Thanks. 
 This is approved and auto-scheduled. And don't worry about all the end of the month changes - they're very simple to make.  Thanks, Kate 
 Tom neglected to put the broker in on this deal. It's number 463045.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   11/20/2000 02:43 PM 
 Wow! I bet you're sick of explaining that one to all the newcomers. That's about what I figured was going on - an overlap of names used by different members of the Enron family.  Thanks so much for taking the time to respond and explain. And thanks for the welcome!  Kate 
 Hi Rhonda -  I was told you're the person to contact regarding changes in the Enpower counterparty list. Several items are outdated or have gone through many different versions, and it's made somewhat of a confusing situation for the traders and others who do deal entry. My sensitivity to this is heightened because I'm new to the Deal Control position here at the Portland West Desk, and I'm still getting used to which names we use and which we don't. Monica Lande suggested I ask you about it, although she pointed out that if we've ever booked a deal under any of these counterparty names, then they need to stay in the system.  I'm wondering if there is any way to weed out some of those extra selections. For example, Duke and El Paso both have five different names in the system; Arizona Public Service Company has become Pinnacle; and other names were just tests that are no longer used.  Please let me know whenever you have a free moment - this is certainly not an urgent request, and I completely understand if the list needs to stay as is. Just checking.  Thanks, Kate 
 I'm so stoked you're going to Buena Vista Social Club. I can't believe you are such a rotten "bik" that you didn't invite me. What's up with that?  My advice on the Outward Bound thing is to hold off. Not for selfish, wine-swilling reasons, of course; but because I know how tiring it gets to be living out of a suitcase with no dinero for a period of time. I have to say that sticking around Portland for the last six months has given me a renewed sense of mental health. Granted, I'm not totally sane yet, but at least I can imagine what it would be like. If you came home and turned right around and went to Colorado, you'd feel unprepared and maybe a little overwhelmed. Think carefully about how much Outward Bound would pay you in comparison with how much money you actually need to get by. Then add $500/month to that figure, and you'll be about right. It always sounds easier than the reality - I'm only speaking from Maui experience here.  If you want to do a whirlwind Denver thing and have a great, rustic, totally broke time, then totally go for it. But if you feel like you're getting to the end of your rope with scraping by and feeling unsettled - which it kind of sounds like you are - then hang in P-town for awhile. Like I said, I'd feel SOOOO much better about taking off on my next adventure NOW than I would have even a couple months ago. And it's only been six months since I got back - that's not really too long to wait. In the meantime, you don't have to live with mom. The Malachowsky's room will be open, although for all the help I've given them I wouldn't be surprised if they don't want a Symes there anymore. Then there's always my future apartment. I'm thinkin' downtown for sure.  Anyway, we'll talk more about it in Mexico. Don't stress - whatever you're meant to do, you'll end up doing whether you like it or not.  Love, Kate 
 This deal is definitely on peak, says Matt Motley. It's a spread trade with Natsource, and both are logged in his book as on peak. Let me know if the broker still disputes this.  Kate 
 Bob Badeer changed the time zone in one of these deals - apparently that's what was throwing off the MW totals. So 458406 and 458405 should match now. Please let me know if there is anything else.  Thanks, Kate 
 I think she'd do that. Her parents are out of town right now, so she's house/cat-sitting for them. I don't know when they get back, but let me check with her because it could get a little hectic if she had to be on the opposite ends of town everyday. I'll let you know. 
 That sounds like a good one, mom. Like I've said before, I think it's a great idea and would be perfect for you. Now I think you should start taking steps to make it happen. I know you could get your house sold, no problem. And you should think seriously about putting it on the market soon, as I'm starting to get the feeling it can take quite a while to actually sell a house. Let me know how I can help - for example, Brian has some friends who rent out a great cottage in Kihei for $100 a week. He can also get really good deals on rental cars. If you start shopping around for a cheap ticket now, you could take a scouting trip this spring and make plans to move by the following winter - just in time for whale-watching.  Just do it! 
 Well, I only went to the gym once last week, and then pretty much ate and slept all weekend, so I'm feeling like a pasty white blob of winter blubber. I'm just starting to get "homesick" for Maui, so Mexico will come not a minute too soon. Also, Molly and I went to see this movie last night, Requiem for a Dream. It was psychotic! It made me feel like moving to a farm and becoming a marathon-running vegan or something. Truly a horrible, horrible depiction of modern-day addictions and the messed-up way our society quells them.  So, needless to say, I am MAKING myself go to the gym today.  Anna's job opportunity sounds great, although I'm bummed we won't be roomies anytime soon. Maybe I'll get transferred to Enron's Colorado office.  Kate 
 Mom - Thanks for the heads up. I am having the same nightmare with US Bank that I've had each time I've deposited any money: they won't let me have it! I've been meaning to e-mail Anna and let her know, but that's gone by the wayside along with pretty much everything else since I started this new job. I tried to close my account on Thursday in a last ditch effort to get at my money, and they politely told me I could close it on the same day I could get money out of the ATM, which will be on Wednesday. Until then my hands are tied. I'm really sorry about this - I know Anna needs help, and believe me, this isn't very convenient for me either. I'll e-mail her right now, and send her money on Wednesday.  Give me a call later if you'd like to meet at the gym.  Kate 
 Hey Kysa - I hope you're still at your computer. Amy's number is 464-7404. I'll try to call you in a minute and make sure you got this. And yes, dinner's still on, even though I'm feeling motivated to make toast or something equally effortless, so come without an appetite. (Just kidding - but I'm seriously open to suggestions.)  Kate 464-7486 
 This has been changed.  Thanks, Kate 
 I'm sorry - this was the first correction I received this morning and since it didn't come in the form of an e-mail, I unfortunately overlooked it when I was finalizing the deal error report. 
 I'm taking over Carla Hoffman's position at the Deal Control desk in Portland, and I've got a request from Kim Ward to look into this deal entered incorrectly by our Short Term Southwest desk. Unfortunately, I need more information, such as the deal number and term, in order to make any changes to it.  If you have this or know who does, please let me know and I'll be happy to make any necessary changes to this deal. My number in Portland is 503.464.7486.  Thanks, Kate 
 Please let me know if this format is accessible and useful for you. I know some of these deal changes aren't relevant to your calculation discrepancies, but I included everything just in case. If you'd like it pared down or beefed up, don't hesitate to ask. Thanks for your patience. 
 Thanks for taking the initiative to get everyone together in the spirit of spending Andy and/or Gray's money. Things like this need to happen more often, in my opinion.  That's a picture of you in high school, right? 
 I changed this deal, by the way. Please let me know if the broker thinks he's wrong. 
 Thanks a lot, Kerri. 
 Mike has this deal in his trade log as 25 MW, but he said he'd go with the broker on this one and sell 50 MW to BPA.  Thanks, Kate 
 Sorry - 462105 is Transalta - my error.  And Mark's APB deal # is 461972. 
 Yes, I just got an e-mail from Evelyn saying that Prebon didn't recognize this exact deal. Mark checked it out and determined he had gone through APB. I will change this when our calc is done - in about 30 min.  Thanks, Kate 
 Here you go, Kim. I've added a couple more counterparty names to your list, and made a few minor changes that I thought might clarify the reasoning behind and origination of these "no confirm" deals. The one counterparty name I couldn't recall was Bonneville - do you remember who requested that we not confirm these?  Please let me know if you have any questions on the additions.  Thanks, Kate 
 This deal should be with APB, not Prebon. Trader error. I'll change this when the calc is over - in about 45 minutes. 
 I knew we could find a practical use for Kristian's shoes. 
 Can I call you with a banana? 
 Both deals have been changed. Jeff entered them incorrectly. 
 I sure will - and you're about right. My first free minute should be in approximately 12 years. See you then! 
 We just changed the deal - it was input correctly, but the computer did not change the time zones correctly. That's why we were off 25 MW. I'll let Duong Luu know of the problem.  Thanks, Kate 
 Mike confirmed with Natsource this was a 25MW deal with no broker fee. 
 Mike confirmed with Amerex that this deal was done on the 14th. They're going to change it.   Stephanie Piwetz   11/17/2000 08:31 AM 
 Thanks, chica. 
 You rock, Angela! Don't worry, I'll be my usual quiet and unassuming self when I come by for lunch. Although, if you guys are having hotdogs, doesn't that mean that everyone pre-ordered? That would leave me "sans hotdog," which would be tragic. Let me know.  Kate 
 I think we ran into this problem before where the California schedulers, for whatever reason, didn't pull the .8 Riverside deal into their sheet, and therefore I didn't see it or add it to the EES sheet. Let me just check with Phil on this to make sure he didn't do it for a reason; then I can amend the sheet and re-send it.  And on the Wed./Thurs. generation volumes - I can only assume that Phil spoke with Riverside at some point about the change to .55, but again I need to speak with him to verify this. He should be in the office soon, and I'll let you know as soon as I find out.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thanks for checking. I changed this deal to reflect off-peak hours only.  Also, Tom Alonso just let me know that deal #460678 actually has a Mid-C delivery point, not Palo Verde. I changed this as well, but wanted to let you know so you can re-confirm.  Thanks, Kate 
 Jeff has both sides of both deals in the system correctly. Here are the deal numbers.  461029 Williams 115.00  461030 EES 114.95  461801 Mieco 115.00  461802 EES 114.95  And Deal #461139 was actually a Short Term Southwest deal done by Tom Alonso with Williams for the same price on the same days, but with Prebon. Confusion!  Hope this fixes it. 
 Thanks a lot, Kim! 
 These deals were entered as flowing all days, and should have just been Mon - Sat. This was my fault, as I didn't know my computer defaulted to all days. (This has since been fixed!) I've changed them in the system and was told to let you know so you can re-confirm the deals with just on-peak days. Sorry about the hassle. I promise I'll get the hang of this soon!  Thanks, Kate 
 Mike has 25 MW with no broker fee in his trade log. I just spoke with him and he's going to call Natsource to confirm this. But this deal should be correct as it is in the system.  Thanks, Kate 
 I just talked with Mike, and he thinks this trade was made on the 14th, but possibly entered on the 15th and back-dated. He's coming in to the office in a few minutes and will call the broker to be sure. I'll let you know as soon as they've worked it out.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   11/17/2000 08:31 AM 
 The deals were entered yesterday -  461029 Williams  461030 EES  Thanks 
 I think number 5 especially applies to you boys. 
 This has been changed. 
 This has been changed.   Stephanie Piwetz   11/16/2000 03:18 PM 
 582324 - Grays Harbor Paper Mill 582322 - Las Vegas Cogeneration  I've added the unit names to the deals and reminded Les that they need to be in the comments section. He was under the impression that the guideline sheet he sent out re: unit names spelled out the answers, but I took another look at it and it doesn't seem to really answer anything. I've attached it just in case you don't have it anymore - but please let me know if this assists you guys in ANY way. If it doesn't, I can probably get him to draw up something more useful.  Thanks, Kate  From Les Rawson:  Here's the list of current Service's Desk customers we sell as Unit Contingent. We want to confirm the sales but not the purchases.  Lv Cogen. located within Nevada Power service territory.  Unit ID: LV Cogen. unit located in North Las Vegas  Could be sold at Nevada Power system, Mead 230, Navajo, McCullough, Red Butte.  Saguaro Power Company located within Nevada Power service territory.  Unit ID: Saguaro Power unit located in Henderson Nevada.  Sale Points: Nevada System, Mead 230, Navajo, McCullough, Red Butte.  Grays Harbor Paper L.P. located in BPA service territory. Behind Grays Harbor PUD.  Unit ID: Grays Harbor Paper unit located in Haquiam, WA.  Sale Points: Entire Northwest interconnect.  Willamette Ind. located in PacifiCorp's service territory.  Unit ID; Willamette Ind. Albany Paper mill, located in Albany, Or.  Sale Points: Entire Northwest interconnect. 
 This has been changed. 
 Just confirmed with Mike. Broker is correct - 25 MW. I'll change this deal when Risk is done with their calculation.  Thanks, Kate 
 Bloomberg shows correctly. Computer defaulted to all days in Deal Blotter. I'll change this as soon as Risk is done calcing - about 1 hour.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   11/16/2000 03:18 PM 
 Re: missing APB deal  tom a buying koch 20-30 25 mw 114.00 palo on peak  Tom Alonso just returned my call and verified that he had entered the deal. Jeff Richter had entered it, thinking it wasn't in the system, so I'm now killing his deal. The correct deal number is 461133.  Thanks a lot. 
 Tom Alonso's deal has been entered - Deal #461177 
 Okay, I don't know where Jeff's head was today, but he just checked with Prebon and found he had done this deal without even knowing it! So he entered it - Deal #461171.  Thanks a lot for your patience, Stephanie.   Stephanie Piwetz   11/16/2000 02:32 PM 
 Prebon is sending a new confirmation with Constellation as the counterparty. Broker mistake.   Stephanie Piwetz   11/16/2000 01:00 PM 
 Thanks for checking. I entered this deal today and am still getting used to all the different variations of company names. You're right - it's El Paso Merchant.  Thanks, Kate 
 Jeff knows he has several deals off right now. He's fixing them as we e-mail. 
 This has been changed. 
 These, as well as the Grays Harbor deal you sent me, have been approved and re-scheduled. They should show in the CARP report now, but let me know if they don't, and I'll look into it.  Thanks, Kate 
 It is with Natsource - part of a sleeve that Mike forgot to write down.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've put a call in to Mike Driscoll to see which deal is correct. He "fixed" them yesterday, but frankly I have no idea what he really did, as they still look completely different. As soon as I confirm with him, I'll change the deals and let you know.  Thanks, Kate 
 Sorry Sharon. I just entered this deal for Matt Motley, and my deal entry defaults to all days. This is a peak deal and should only flow Monday through Saturday, hours 7-22. It's been changed to reflect that.  Thanks, Kate 
 I'd like to talk to you about the details of my offer letter if you have a chance today. I'll stop by your desk in just a bit.  Thanks, Kate 
 Sorry for the delay in getting back to you. I'm still learning and it seems every few minutes we face another computer program meltdown. Following are the changes for these deals.  459985 PGET  459788 Salt River couldn't take the deal, according to Mike Swerzbin, so we had to go with Williams.  459789 Changed to PSCO  460001 Prebon is broker  460002 Term is Q1-01  458618 SCEM 25 MW of Mid-C Off Peak for Dec. @ $100 This deal was entered yesterday, according to Mike Swerzbin.  Thanks for your patience, Kate 
 Disregard my other reply - I don't know what I was thinking. Prebon was right on this. Both deals were 50 MW (not 25 MW like I said earlier!), and they were changed accordingly.  Sorry about the confusion.  Kate 
 Mike Driscoll went in and changed this deal to match 458405. It should be correct now.  Thanks, Kate 
 The delivery point was changed and the energy wasn't. It is CAISO energy.  Thanks, Kate 
 You're right, this was an Altra deal that was entered as Prebon. Only one deal.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   11/15/2000 02:41 PM 
 Jeff double-checked and Deal 459985 is with PGET.  Mike is checking on the others. 
 That sounds awesome! You guys are seriously already planning that party? Yes, are you kidding, I LOOOOVED Robert Hicks. He was so......umm, peppy. 
 Prebon is right on this. Both deals are 25 MW. They've been changed.  Thanks, Kate 
 Changes have been made to deals 453152, 450710, 451976, and 454511.  Thanks, Kate 
 I'm sorry for the delay on this, Tim. I've been in contact with Will Smith in Houston since yesterday to try to fix the problem of PX, Imbalance, and Tie Point deals uploading as Enron Online deals. Here are the correct statistics. 
 453152   broker has .0075 - trader mistake/should be .0075 not .75  450710  broker has .0075 - trader mistake/should be .0075  451976  broker has .0075 - part of sleeve/either 451976 or 451977 should have .0075 fee  457489  broker has .0075 - no broker fee  457465  broker has .0075 - no broker fee  454511  broker has .0075 - part of sleeve/either 454511 or 454512 should have .0075 fee  Would you like me to go ahead and make these changes? Please let me know.  Thanks, Kate 
 Sorry for the confusion, Sharen. I checked with the traders, and found that Deal #458391 does NOT need to be confirmed per Paul Choi in Mid-Marketing, who entered the deal with Valley Electric.  Deal #457963 DOES need to be confirmed. It was a trader mistake.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thank you all for being so patient with me while I am under Carla's wise tutelage. Hopefully I'll be up to speed in the next few days, but if you notice me doing anything insanely wrong, don't hesitate to yell.  One thing that has lagged slightly, but will be making a comeback tomorrow, is the Deal Correction Report. Every afternoon I'll check up on discrepancies noted by Houston and determine the source of the error. If the source of the error is you, me, the broker, or the computer gods, it will be noted in the error report and given to Risk Management to assist them in their daily calculation.  Thanks again, Kate 
 1. 458641 is correct.  2. 458801  3. 458802  And 458718 has been changed to a PM expiry time.  Thanks, Kate 
 458406 has been changed to off peak.  458733 - Chris thinks this is with APB, but says it may be Prebon. We tried to check with Prebon or APB, but no one was at either desk. I'll try to contact Evelyn (who I think checks out with Prebon) to see if she's missing any deals.  Let me know if APB gets back to you.  Thanks, Kate 
 All of these deals have been changed. We had a problem with Mark's defaults this morning.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   11/14/2000 02:55 PM 
 Thanks, Laura. Today is the kind of day I need to be reminded of SOME reason why it's good to be me. 
 Here's what I've come up with so far on these deals. There are just two more that are going to require a little bit more attention - 566426 and 566391 - the SP-15 deals for 4/2. I'm sorry it's taken me a few days to get back to you on this. Please let me know what you think, and we'll go from there.  Thanks, Kate Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 Swerzbin just entered the deal - sells to Duke January Mid-C $118 On Peak Deal #458748  I changed Deal #457993 to Pinnacle West Corp. and reminded Diana AGAIN of the name change.  Thanks, Kate 
 This is an automated function of Deal Blotter. I have called Will Smith to let him know it's malfunctioning; but all deals not using NP15, SP15, or ZP26 should default to Firm Energy. I've also changed the energy to Firm in Deal #458255. If you could let me know the other deal numbers that need to be changed, I'll follow up with those too.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   11/14/2000 02:16 PM 
 Here are all of the deal numbers that correspond with today's tie point, Cal PX, and Cal Imbalance deals. I erased the EOL transaction numbers on the first four, but I believe they were going in a sequence beginning at 627.  Thanks so much for your help on this.  458259 458260 64 65 66 Tie Points 67 69 70  458271 72 PX 73  458276 58 Imbalance 
 Just FYI - The tie point and Cal PX deals we uploaded this morning did in fact load as Enron Online deals. Oh joy!  I talked to Will Smith, who said he thought he'd heard this complaint before and very cordially agreed to take a look at it. I just thought I'd keep you informed of the latest episode in what I'm sure will be an award-winning series. (How about "The Good, the Bad, and the Cal PX Bridge"?)  Kate 
 Deal 456717 has been changed to reflect Pinnacle West Capital Corp, and the traders have been reminded of the name change.  Chris Mallory said he entered the index deal selling to Calpine at about 2:15 PST today. The deal # is 457473.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thanks. I just checked Peoplefinder and all the new information is in there. One thing I couldn't change, however, was my department and supervisor. This may have to be changed by HR or my new supervisor; but at any rate, I now work in West Power Trading and report to Jeff Richter and Tim Belden.  Thanks for your help.  Kate 
 Both of these deals were broker errors. Following are the corrections and deal numbers:  # 457428 Mike Swerzbin buying Transalta 117.50 25 MW Dec Mid C On Peak  #457432 Mike Swerzbin buying Williams 84.00 25 MW Q1 NP-15 On Peak  Thanks for the heads up. Let me know if there's anything else.  Kate 
 I checked with Sean, who said he's finished entering his deals. Mike is just finishing up with his. Jeff Richter, however, still has about 8 deals to enter. This should be done within the next few minutes.  Please let me know if these don't come through shortly.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thank you, Evelyn. I've back-dated Deal #456173 to 11/9. Let me know if there's anything else I can do.  Kate 
 Happy Monday - or whenever it is that you are blessed with the receipt of this message. A funny thing happened to me on my way to upload the PX deals on Friday. I went to process the data and was rudely stopped by an error message stating the following:  Error establishing lock on Trader ID and Trader Date: Trader Already Locked (_InboxAC11AC92.913Aoc376A1622250.4)  Interesting, isn't it? So I entered the PX deals manually and went along my merry way. Just thought you should know. 
 No - I left all of that Christmas Party stuff at Theresa's desk when I first moved. If there ever was a business card, it would be there. Sorry!  Kate 
 Hi Stephanie -  I just spoke with Diana about this deal and she indicated she had already cleared it up with you. Let me know if there's anything else. Thanks!  Kate    Stephanie Piwetz   11/08/2000 02:42 PM 
 Please join me in congratulating Kate on her new position at the Deal Control desk. She will make the change from Origination to Trading effective Wednesday, Nov. 8. We wish her success in the endeavor, even as we are beside ourselves at such a loss.  Our new clerk, Theresa Villeggiante, will join the ranks on Thursday. In the meantime, please try to ween yourselves away from using Kate's services. Direct all requests and assignments to your respective Administrative Assistant.  This will help us keep track of tasks and complete them in a timely manner.  Thanks for your help and congratulations, Kate!  Mollie 
 I've been working with Laura Wente to locate these documents for a couple days, and I think I've found what you need. If you could call or e-mail with your fax number, I'll send what I have over to you and expedite the process. If you'd like to peruse the EIS documents online, go to www.tis.eh.doe.gov/nepa/ and click the heading DOE NEPA Analyses.  Please let me know if I can be of further assistance. My phone number is 503.464.3748.  Kate 
 To all of you who are without the luxury of a dial tone this morning:  Qwest Communications is working on the malfunctioning phone circuit. We don't know when the service will be reinstated; but in the meantime you can reflect on what life was like before the darn thing was invented.  Bell, Alexander Graham  b. , March 3, 1847, Edinburgh d. Aug. 2, 1922, Beinn Bhreagh, Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia, Can.  Scottish-born American audiologist best known as the inventor of the telephone (1876). For two generations his family had been recognized as leading authorities in elocution and speech correction, with Alexander Melville Bell's Standard Elocutionist passing through nearly 200 editions in English. Young Bell and his two brothers were trained to continue the family profession. His early achievements on behalf of the deaf and his invention of the telephone before his 30th birthday bear testimony to the thoroughness of his training.  Alexander ("Graham" was not added until he was 11) was the second of the three sons of Alexander Melville Bell and Eliza Grace Symonds Bell. Apart from one year at a private school, two years at Edinburgh's Royal High School (from which he was graduated at 14), and attendance at a few lectures at Edinburgh University and at University College in London, Bell was largely family trained and self-taught. His first professional post was at Mr. Skinner's school in Elgin, County Moray, where he instructed the children in both music and elocution. In 1864 he became a resident master in Elgin's Weston House Academy, where he conducted his first studies in sound. Appropriately, Bell had begun professionally as he would continue through life--as a teacher-scientist.  In 1868 he became his father's assistant in London and assumed full charge while the senior Bell lectured in America. The shock of the sudden death of his older brother from tuberculosis, which had also struck down his younger brother, and the strain of his professional duties soon took their toll on young Bell. Concern for their only surviving son prompted the family's move to Canada in August 1870, where, after settling near Brantford, Ont., Bell's health rapidly improved.  In 1871 Bell spent several weeks in Boston, lecturing and demonstrating the system of his father's Visible Speech, published in 1866, as a means of teaching speech to the deaf. Each phonetic symbol indicated a definite position of the organs of speech such as lips, tongue, and soft palate and could be used by the deaf to imitate the sounds of speech in the usual way. Young A. Graham Bell, as he now preferred to be known, showed, using his father's system, that speech could be taught to the deaf. His astounding results soon led to further invitations to lecture.  Even while vacationing at his parents' home Bell continued his experiments with sound. In 1872 he opened his own school in Boston for training teachers of the deaf, edited his pamphlet Visible Speech Pioneer, and continued to study and tutor; in 1873 he became professor of vocal physiology at Boston University.  Never adept with his hands, Bell had the good fortune to discover and inspire Thomas Watson, a young repair mechanic and model maker, who assisted him enthusiastically in devising an apparatus for transmitting sound by electricity. Their long nightly sessions began to produce tangible results. The fathers of George Sanders and Mabel Hubbard, two deaf students whom he helped, were sufficiently impressed with the young teacher to assist him financially in his scientific pursuits. Nevertheless, during normal working hours Bell and Watson were still obliged to fulfill a busy schedule of professional demands. It is scarcely surprising that Bell's health again suffered. On April 6, 1875, he was granted the patent for his multiple telegraph; but after another exhausting six months of long nightly sessions in the workshop, while maintaining his daily professional schedule, Bell had to return to his parents' home in Canada to recuperate. In September 1875 he began to write the specifications for the telephone. On March 7, 1876, the United States Patent Office granted to Bell Patent Number 174,465 covering "The method of, and apparatus for, transmitting vocal or other sounds telegraphically . . . by causing electrical undulations, similar in form to the vibrations of the air accompanying the said vocal or other sounds."  Within a year followed the commercial application and, a few months later, the first of hundreds of legal suits. Ironically, the telephone--until then all too often regarded as a joke and its creator-prophet as, at best, an eccentric--was the subject of the most involved patent litigation in history. The two most celebrated of the early actions were the Dowd and Drawbaugh cases wherein the fledgling Bell Telephone Company successfully challenged two subsidiaries of the giant Western Union Telegraph Company for patent infringement. The charges and accusations were especially painful to Bell's Scottish integrity, but the outcome of all the litigation, which persisted throughout the life of his patents, was that Bell's claims were upheld as the first to conceive and apply the undulatory current. In 1877 Bell married Mabel Hubbard, 10 years his junior.  The Bell story does not end with the invention of the telephone; indeed, in many ways it was a beginning. A resident of Washington, D.C., Bell continued his experiments in communication, which culminated in the invention of the photophone--transmission of sound on a beam of light; in medical research; and in techniques for teaching speech to the deaf.  In 1880 France honoured Bell with the Volta Prize; and the 50,000 francs (roughly equivalent to U.S. $10,000) financed the Volta Laboratory, where, in association with Charles Sumner Tainter and his cousin, Chichester A. Bell, Bell invented the Graphophone. Employing an engraving stylus, controllable speeds, and wax cylinders and disks, the Graphophone presented a practical approach to sound recording. Bell's share of the royalties financed the Volta Bureau and the American Association to Promote the Teaching of Speech to the Deaf (since 1956 the Alexander Graham Bell Association for the Deaf ). May 8, 1893, was one of Bell's happiest days; his 13-year-old prodigy, Helen Keller, participated in the ground-breaking ceremonies for the new Volta Bureau building--today an international information centre relating to the oral education of the deaf.  In 1885 Bell acquired land on Cape Breton Island in Nova Scotia. There, in surroundings reminiscent of his early years in Scotland, he established a summer home, Beinn Bhreagh, complete with research laboratories.  In 1898 Bell succeeded his father-in-law as president of the National Geographic Society. Convinced that geography could be taught through pictures, he sought to promote an understanding of life in distant lands in an age when travel was limited to a privileged few. Again he found the proper hands, Gilbert Grosvenor, his future son-in-law, who transformed a modest pamphlet into a unique educational journal reaching millions throughout the world.  As interest in the possibility of flight increased after the turn of the century, he experimented with giant man-carrying kites. Characteristically, Bell again found a group of four willing young enthusiasts to execute his theories. Always an inspiration, Mabel Hubbard Bell, wishing to maintain the stimulating influence of the group, soon founded the Aerial Experiment Association, the first research organization established and endowed by a woman. Deafness was no handicap to the wife of Professor Bell. At Beinn Bhreagh, Bell entered new subjects of investigation, such as sonar detection, solar distillation, the tetrahedron as a structural unit, and hydrofoil craft, one of which weighed more than 10,000 pounds and attained a speed record of 70 miles per hour in 1919.  Apart from his lifelong association with the cause of the deaf, Bell never lingered on one project. His research interests centred on basic principles rather than on refinements. The most cursory examination of his many notebooks shows marginal memos and jottings, often totally unrelated to the subject at hand--reminders of questions and ideas he wanted to investigate. It was impossible for him to carry each of his creative ideas through to a practical end. Many of his conceptions are only today seeing fruition; indeed, some undoubtedly have yet to be developed. The range of his inventive genius is represented only in part by the 18 patents granted in his name alone and the 12 he shared with his collaborators. These included 14 for the telephone and telegraph, 4 for the photophone, 1 for the phonograph, 5 for aerial vehicles, 4 for hydroairplanes, and 2 for a selenium cell.  Until a few days before his death Bell continued to make entries in his journal. During his last dictation he was reassured with "Don't hurry," to which he replied, "I have to." 
 As per your request, here are the names and addresses of people Laura Wente and I sent maps to today:  Tim Carlberg Avista Corp. 1411 E. Mission P.O. Box 3727 Spokane, WA 99220-3727  Mark Ewbank Herrera Environmental Consultants, Inc. 2200 6th Ave., Suite 601 Seattle, WA 98121-1820  Let me know if you need anything else regarding these mailings. I'm sure I'll be back there soon to ask for another map!  Kate 
 What better time to start thinking about the winter holidays than on Halloween?!  Just a reminder that our happy little office will be hosting a Holiday Party & Benefit Auction on Saturday, Dec. 2, beginning at 6 p.m. and lasting until the wee hours of the morning. We hope that everyone will be able to attend, which is why we're reminding you while the smell of pumpkin-insides and candy corn is still fresh in the air.  We will be holding a benefit raffle and auction again this year, and all proceeds will once again be matched by Enron Corp. Donations will be divided between Portland's Raphael House, a shelter for battered women and their children, and the Court-Appointed Special Advocates, a group that assists foster children and at-risk youth throughout the court process.  But who said charity couldn't be a hoot? There will be a pangea of prizes and a gaggle of goods for everyone (think Blazer tickets and autographed Blazer basketballs!). And a BAND! A swing band! It will prove to be the most fantastic Holiday Party this office has ever had.... 
 Here are the absolute, final, once-and-for-all-not-to-be-changed-again vendor letters. 
 Thought it would be a good idea for you to have a copy of this. 
 Other than the misspelling of my name. Kate is actually spelled M-A-R-Y. 
 Looks great, Anna. 
 Yes - I was also going to mention that I talked with Christian Yoder about this, and he confirmed that the counterparty name in the contract is The City of Oakland, a municipal corporation acting by and through its Port of Oakland board, and on and on and on. So we'll be using that name, NOT the Port of Oakland, when doing deals with this counterparty. And out of curiosity, does anyone you know of trade with simply the Port of Oakland?  Thanks for following up, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   04/17/2001 03:26 PM 
 After researching the position further, I am very much interested in formally applying to work in Deal Control. I have spoken with Jeff Richter, Val Sabo, and Carla Hoffman about the requirements and responsibilities of the job, and I have a good understanding of the kind of candidate they're looking for. I feel I fit that profile and am excited by the challenge it presents.  I have also spoken with Mollie Gustafson and Chris Calger, who have given me their support in pursuing another opportunity within the company. (Although they would be understandably heartbroken.)  Please let me know at your earliest convenience how to proceed in applying for this position. Thank you for your help, Amy.  Kate 
 You didn't know that? It's actually Mary Katherine Symes. My parents decided that Katherine Mary didn't sound "Catholic" enough; but they still wanted a daughter named Katie, so they went right ahead and called me that from the day I was born. Needless to say, it's added an unnecessary element of confusion to my life in that people are always wondering who the hell this "Mary Symes" person is.  Thanks for noticing, though!  Mary Katherine 
 Check out the section under the heading Welcome. 
 Just in case you're checking your e-mail in between spa sessions, here's an update:  The BPA Business Plan has not yet arrived. Sir Speedy just arrived with copies of the EIS, which were supposed to be finished at noon.  So I'm a little frustrated with this lack of efficiency. I've left a message at BPA regarding the whereabouts of our order; I've scolded Sir Speedy for the delay; and one way or another I'll get the documents out to Terrell Gault and Jim Fell tomorrow.  I'm sure the last thing you want to hear while you're escaping from it all is that things aren't going according to planned back in the office; but I thought you should know just in case you hear from either of these guys. Nothing to worry about, though. You can now resume your poolside position.  Kate 
 Whatever she's making now is not enough. Vickie Aldous went above and beyond the call of duty, not only locating, copying and expediting the article to me, but all within two days of my request. And it was for a good cause - we'll be donating the proceeds from our holiday party/auction to the Court-Appointed Special Advocates (CASA). Last year the proceeds went to Emanuel Children's Hospital - $20,000 from auction attendees plus matching dollars from Enron Corp. resulted in a hefty check.  I'm sorry we didn't connect while you were in Portland. I got the message on Monday and figured it was a little too late by then. Hope the reunion went well. I'm scrambling to be svelte and successful by my 10-year high school reunion, which descends upon me in less than four years. I know I'll need at least that much time, having spent four years of my life with that bunch of overachieving Catholic girls.  I just had a surprise visit from some Ashland friends on Tuesday, replete with an extra ticket to see Santana at the Rose Garden. What an awesome concert! I must say I'm thoroughly enjoying city life again. But I'll need to come to Ashland soon for a dose of good old-fashioned familiarity.  So, I guess this was the long way of saying yes, I got the article, and thank you so much for such indispensible help.  Kate 
 I'm dragging myself out of this office. I can hardly keep my eyes open, but it's well-deserved. Santana concert last night with friends from Ashland. The social schedule just never lets up. I don't know how feasible it would be for me to spend two months resisting the temptations of hand-holding boys and shadowy bars. But I will think seriously about the idea. Have a safe trip back home. Oh, and my Christmas plans still stand - gone from Dec. 22 to Jan. 2. Maybe it's you who needs a schedule rearrangement.  Kate 
 I have just a couple questions about your expense report. Let's go over it whenever you get a chance.  Kate 
 I would be very interested in finding out more about the Deal Control position and what it entails. Coming from a background in print journalism leaves me somewhat at a loss for practical experience; however, I make up for skills in my ability to learn quickly and work aggresively. I'll come by sometime today to talk further about this opportunity. Thanks for the notice.  Kate 
 Please join me in welcoming Angela Cadena and Mike Danielson to Enron North America.  Angela has joined West Origination as a senior specialist. She comes to us from Toronto, Canada, where she did work in merchant banking for OMERS, a large pension fund, as well as investment banking and project finance for TD Securities. She is most proud of her latest project - a 15-month-old baby girl named Maxim.  Mike has been with Enron for more than two years in East Origination and Enron Online. He will be based in San Francisco as a Director for West Origination. Mike hails from Florida and comes to us most recently from Houston. Please introduce yourself and make him feel at home on his frequent Portland visits. 
 You'll be staying at the beautiful Phoenix Inn in sunny Eugene this Wednesday evening. You can check in at anytime, but if you need to cancel, let me know before 4 p.m. on Wednesday. Your confirmation number is 251832, and the reservation is under Todd Perry (to assist in the check-in process).  If you have any other questions, let me know or call the Phoenix Inn at 541.344.0001. And have a pleasant stay.  Kate 
 I double-checked with Bob, and he said Prebon reported these two trades as peak. The other two were in fact reported as off-peak - he just entered them incorrectly. But as far as this sleeve goes, there's no way one side is peak and the other isn't - Prebon has to make up their minds!  Again, let me know what you find out. Until then, we recognize the two trades as they are.  Thanks, Kate 
 Both deals have been changed to reflect a flat $15 fee. And thanks so much for following up with the IT request for a default change in EnPower. Just let me know when you hear back.  Kate 
 You're booked in Mt. Bachelor from 9:30 to 11 a.m. on Tuesday. I'll swing by Starbucks in the morning and pick up a variety of bagels and cream cheese for six people. We'll get a pot of coffee in there and you should be set. Let me know if there's anything else I can do.  Kate 
 I took a message from Pat Brown at Avista this morning. She needed to book one more spa reservation for Jean Gonnella. The only time Jean can do it is between 3:30 and 6 p.m. on the Thursday they arrive. She would like a deep cleansing facial and a french manicure. If there isn't time for both, she'd just like the facial. Please call Pat and confirm the reservation time when you make it. Her number is 509.495.8123. Thanks!  P.S. I don't want you to think I'm passing the buck. I would have taken care of this myself, but Mollie said you had a bunch more reservations to make on Tuesday morning. Good luck, and let me know if you need help.  Kate 
 I know I already discussed time off at Christmas with you, but I have really indecisive parents who are divorced and like to do completely opposite things for the holidays, so I have one modification to make. If I could take off from Friday, Dec. 22, to Tuesday, Jan 2, then I can accomodate both of my parents and head off a potentially disastrous fight over which kids go with which parents. It ends up being two more days off than I had asked for before -  the 22nd and the 2nd. I'm really sorry to ask for so much time off, but I wouldn't do it unless my life were going to be in jeopardy if I didn't. Thank you!  Kate 
 Done. 
 As you may have gathered by now, the West Origination Group has purchased season tickets to see the Portland Trail Blazers on their path to championship glory. We have four seats which will be used primarily to entertain customers and foster outside business relationships.  Please look over the attached schedule and determine the game dates you would like to reserve. Tickets will be distributed on a first-come first-serve basis, so be sure to plan as far in advance as possible. Games that have not been reserved as of three days prior will be distributed internally or given to outside parties.    If you have any questions or would like to reserve tickets, please contact Blazer Command Central by e-mail, telephone, or in person. Include the date of the games you would like to go to and the name of the customers you will be taking. 
 As you may have gathered by now, the West Origination Group has purchased season tickets to see the Portland Trail Blazers on their path to championship glory. We have four seats which will be used primarily to entertain customers and foster outside business relationships.  Please look over the attached schedule and determine the game dates you would like to reserve. Tickets will be distributed on a first-come first-serve basis, so be sure to plan as far in advance as possible. Games that have not been reserved as of three days prior will be distributed internally or given to outside parties.    If you have any questions or would like to reserve tickets, please contact Blazer Command Central by e-mail, telephone, or in person. Include the date of the games you would like to go to and the name of the customers you will be taking.  Kate Symes, ext. 3748 Mollie Gustafson, ext. 3817 
 I have re-scheduled your conference call for Thursday, Oct. 20, from 10 to 11:30 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time.  Dial-in number: 1-888-476-3762 Host code: 652393 Participant code: 234986  Should you have any questions, don't hesitate to call me at 503-464-3748.  Kate 
 I've ordered the 1999 Annual Report for Scottish Power, as I noticed it was not in the company file. It should be here tomorrow or Friday at the latest. If you need the information sooner than that, I can download the report from the company's website, although the document is understandably bulky. Please let me know if you'd like a print-out.  Also, if you'd like, I can talk to Sue about CASA's financial needs. Mollie and I had discussed splitting the auction proceeds between two charities; in that way we can share the wealth and not inundate an organization with more than they can manage. It's something to think about in case CASA doesn't need much help.  Kate 
 I called around and, lo and behold, I found Steve's wife! She said you can go ahead and send it to their house:  Steve Thome 6506-B Taggart St. Houston, TX 77007  I guess People Finder isn't the most reliable way to find people. Hope this works. 
 Steve Thome can be contacted in Houston at (713) 853-5786. His office is located in EB 3115. 
 It's that time again! Enjoy......  Kate 
 I have scheduled a conference call for Thursday, Oct. 19, from 4 to 5:30 p.m. Pacific Daylight Time. The call-in information is as follows:  Dial-in number: 1-888-830-6260 Host code (for Laura Wente only): 609790 Participant code: 105143  If you need further assistance or have questions, please call me at 503-464-3748.  Thanks, Kate Symes 
 I have one question about a receipt you have from Teala's Mexican Restaurant for dinner on Tuesday, Oct. 10. The total is $36. Did you have dinner by yourself, or with someone else? If so, who? Let me know when you get a chance so we can send this off and get you some money. 
 Elena, with Imax Town Cars, will pick you up today at 1:40 p.m. You now have a reservation with National Car Rental in Houston from today until Saturday morning. Your reservation number is 808752919. You can either check in at the National desk next to baggage claim and then catch the shuttle to the parking lot, or you can catch the shuttle first and fill out paperwork once you get out there. Have a great time in Houston. 
 For some reason, the time management function on eHRonline won't allow me to log in. It says the user is locked and to please notify the person responsible. I'm using the user ID and password you gave me, so I don't know what I'm doing wrong. This is not an urgent matter - just respond whenever you have time. 
 I was told that I will need an employee number in order to enter the hours I've worked this week. Is this something I should have already? Please let me know whenever you get a free moment. 
 In reviewing Jeff Shields' expenses for the previous two months, I have found two travel itineraries which came without prices on them. Jessica and Mollie have both checked their e-mail and confirmed that the only documents sent did not detail the cost of the trip.  The prices I need are from the following trips:  Itinerary only - August 28, Alaska Airlines, PDX-SeaTac-Helena-SeaTac-PDX, Reservation # AS/WXOKNK (reservation made August 24) Itinerary only - Sept. 6 to 7, Delta Airlines, PDX-Salt Lake City-Spokane-PDX, Reservation # DL/V2KIC3 (reservation made September 6)  Thank you so much for your time.  Kate Symes West Origination Clerk Enron NA 503.464.3748 
 Here's the latest version. Sound better? 
 Have fun with these! 
 This is the last e-mail I received from Laura. Looks like she forgot the attachment the first time. 
 I think I found what you're looking for:  www.ferc.fed.us  Once you get to the home page, click on the "gas" icon. From there, hit the link to the "FERC Gas Tariffs Page." Then it gives you a choice of viewing the tariffs in HTML or saving them to a different file.  I wasn't quite sure how you wanted to review this information. The website is updated every 30 days, or so it said, so you may just want to keep it bookmarked and check it out whenever you need the information.  If I totally missed the mark, please let me know and I'll keep looking. 
 Chris just entered these deals. 
 Here's a rough version. I think I included everything you mentioned. Let me know if you think anything needs to be added. 
 Have fun with this! 
 Just to clarify - you are booked in the Mt. Bachelor conference room for your Monday morning staff meetings, 9 to 10:15 a.m., from now until this time next year. Hopefully this will eliminate any last minute confusion like what we ran into this morning. If you have any other questions, please let Mollie or myself know and we'll address them as quickly as possible.  Thank you - Kate Symes West Origination Clerk 
 I don't know if this is at all what you were looking for. Jessica's version will probably work better. 
 I notified Jim Fell and Terrell Gault of the delay in getting the documents to them, and Jim actually said he had both the Business Plan and the EIS and therefore didn't need either. Hopefully the Business Plan will arrive from BPA today and I'll send it off to Terrell.  Also, I'm sorry about the errors on the place cards. I was in a hurry to get them out to Sir Not-So-Speedy and overlooked those details. I hope it didn't cause too much confusion.  Kate 
 These are all done.  Kate 
 584125 has been changed to Mirant. 
 Here's the correspondence between Evelyn in the Houston Confirms group and Paul Callahan at Bloomberg outlining the broker's new $15-per-trade fee. Please let me know if you have questions or would like me to talk to someone at Bloomberg about this. I'll also check with Tim to find out if the fee change was ever negotiated with Enron.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've changed the counterparty name to The City of Oakland - and the contact is Wing Lau. His number is (510) 627-1457. According to Stewart Rosman, the middle marketer who did this deal, City of Oakland is the same entity as Port of Oakland; however, City is the counterparty name in the system which is linked with the correct contact info. I tried to look up the contract in Livelink, but I keep getting an error message. Is there any way you can check on this contract to make sure we're entering these deals with the correct counterparty name?  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   04/17/2001 01:17 PM 
 It's been changed to Avista. 
 Tom and Mark are not spot traders, they're cash traders. This is what I was referring to yesterday - that Real Time is now being charged $15 for trades - but cash and term traders should still be charged the traditional $.005. Why is Bloomberg recognizing these trades as Real Time?  Kate 
 Thanks for doing that. And those deals didn't show up in my query because I was looking for trades done under the Short Term West Services desk - I didn't realize Chris was also entering these under Short Term California. Just let me know if there's anything else I can do.  Thanks, Kate 
 Does this mean that 598738 should be off peak hours as well? Because 598739 is only one side of a sleeve deal for EES. I would think that both sides need to have the same hours......  Let me know, and I'll change them accordingly.  Thanks, Kate 
 Here you go, Chris. Please ignore the last four days, as they are still under construction. And let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Kate 
 I asked Bob about these this morning, and he said he's still got to work this out with Constellation. The way he explained it, our position is flat with Constellation, so for settlements purposes we're okay - i.e. We've bought the same volumes that we've sold, and we end up losing a bit due to the index offset - but otherwise the index price won't make a difference.  But I suspect he's not thinking of the problem from the confirmation standpoint. Could you tell me exactly what needs to happen to clear this up on your end so that I can explain it to Bob in a way that might make him DO something? I'm sorry for the delay on this - I'm getting ready to call Bob's contact at Constellation for him.  Let me know what your ideal solution would be. Should we get Constellation to agree to the Dow Jones index? Or should we change the deals to forward fixed price? We'll fix this today - I promise.  Thanks, Kate 
 Thanks for following up on this, Rhonda. I believe you just spoke with Chris about the executed original of this contract. Please let me know what else I can do to speed this process along. I ran a search for deals the West Services desk has done with this counterparty (which were entered with Sierra Pacific Industries, Inc.) and came up with only three deal numbers. They are:  580832 580137 580136  Would you like me to change these over? Or are you doing that along with the re-confirmation? Please let me know when you get a chance.  Thanks, Kate 
 This deal was a physical payback to WAPA, and it should be in at a zero price. I've added a comment into the deal to explain this, and I asked Holden to put comments in any weird deals he enters from now on. Thanks for catching this - it does need to be confirmed.  Kate 
 I'm not sure why you're seeing a price of $65.70 come through on this deal, but I'm looking at the deal in EnPower right now and I see a price of $65. If you could let me know what report is showing the incorrect price, I might be able to figure out why.  Thanks, Kate 
 I just spoke with Sean and he said he was indifferent on the subject - so you guys can go ahead and confirm these deals. I'm looking into why Puget sales seem to be coming up "no confirm." Thanks for checking, though.  Kate 
 Mark - I'm so sorry I haven't responded yet, but yes, I did get your e-mail. I actually solved most of the issues detailed on the spreadsheet, but wanted to finish before I sent the document back. I've attached the spreadsheet with what I've done so far, and I'm forwarding most of the remaining deals to Bill Williams in Real Time. The two deals with volume discrepancies are going to take some looking into - I think they're in the system correctly and it's probably just an error in my spreadsheet - but I'll let you know. Again, sorry for the delay.  Thanks, Kate 
 Here you go, Jill - let me know what you think.  Kate 503-288-6546 or 503-819-2181 
 I've never seen anything but a .005 broker fee on Bloomberg deals. Tom Alonso wanted to know when that fee changed.......we're confused!  And the Matt-Bob deal swap - I guess it was just a last minute decision on their part, and they should have let the broker know. Matt said the trade needs to stay in Bob's book, and just to check it out as a good trade with EPMI. Let me know if you still have problems with this.  Thanks, Kate 
 BLOOMBERG Are you talking about the broker fee?  TRADESPARK Matt's contact is verifying this trade as off-peak.  AMEREX Chris just changed deal 582853 from APB to Amerex  582894 - changed to 47.75  PREBON Bob said Matt Motley gave him this deal to do. Is that going to fly with Prebon? 
 I can't seem to pull up 598391 - is that the correct deal number?  Kate 
 This is a Real Time deal, and that desk enters deals a bit differently than I do. When they initially do a deal, they enter it for a certain hour or set of hours. Then, if they agree with a counterparty to extend the deal to flow through more hours, they change the deal in Scheduling, not EnPower. The way to see the true volume of a Short Term West Hourly deal is to look in the "View Actuals" tab. If you look at this deal, you'll see that they extended the initial 5 MW at HE 11 to look like this:  HE 11 - 5 MW HE 12 - 5 MW HE 13 - 5 MW HE 14 - 4 MW HE 15 - 4 MW HE 16 - 4 MW HE 17 - 5 MW +__________ 32 MW  Please let me know if you have any other questions.  Thanks, Kate Symes Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 Go Blazers! 
 These are done.  Have a good weekend! Kate 
 Bill, Jr. - I'm so sorry! I should know better by now. Bill, III - You might be more interested in this e-mail than your dad.  Kate 
 Here's the latest I've heard from EES regarding ways in which we've managed to thoroughly confuse them. I'm researching most of these questions, but as with last month, there are a few Real Time deals they don't see in the spreadsheet you guys send to them. Would you mind checking this out when you have a minute (or despite the fact that you don't)? If you revise anything, just let me know or e-mail it directly to Mark Confer and Brooklyn Couch.  Thanks, Kate 
 I've gone ahead and entered the counterparty name "Sierra Pacific Industries, Inc." in Chris Foster's deal #573679, in the interest of moving it along through the confirmation process. (The deal was done on 4/6 and flowed on 4/10.)  I spoke with Bob Ellery (Sierra) yesterday and he seemed fine with the name we have in our system, although I'm sure he's not the final authority. Then I spoke with the Confirms group today and they were ready to get the deal off of their new deal report. So, since I haven't heard anything to the contrary, I changed the deal from it's "new counterparty" status.  Please let me know if this presents a problem for any of you.  Thanks, Kate Symes Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 Done. 
 Yes - it's with APB - I've changed it. 
 Mark is changing this right now.   Stephanie Piwetz   04/13/2001 09:01 AM 
 It's changed.   Stephanie Piwetz   04/13/2001 08:10 AM 
 I just realized I never heard back from Mike on this one - is Powerex still saying the trade date is 4/26?  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   04/30/2001 12:26 PM 
 I'm just going to leave this deal with "New Counterparty" for the time being. I had changed it to Sierra Pacific Industries, Inc., but it sounds like there may be a problem with this name. Please let me know what I can do to help this along, or give me a call when a decision is reached.  Thanks, Kate 
 You're right - I think our e-mails just crossed paths. 
 BLOOMBERG 580280 - changed to APB  580168 - added broker fee  580159 - added broker fee  580169 - STCA buys El Paso through Bloomberg (Chris had it in with Calpine)  Thanks, Kate 
 It's El Paso Electric - I've changed it.  Thanks, Kate 
 580280 - Jeff had this in with Bloomberg. I changed it to Natsource.  Kate 
 Bob Badeer just entered the Cal-02 deal under Long Term California desk. Deal # is 580382.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   04/12/2001 12:29 PM 
 Thanks for checking on that, Rhonda - I'll make a mental note of it.  Kate 
 I've changed this to BP Energy - and I was wondering - didn't BP Amoco change over to BP Energy? Do we ever trade with the old counterparty name anymore?  Kate 
 Looks like we might have to modify this name in EnPower after all - The dba on our master agreement is "Sierra Pacific Industries" with no "Inc." at the end. I just spoke with Bob Ellery over at Sierra, and he confirmed that, although the company is a corporation, they never use "Inc." in their contracts. Thus, our confirm letters would not match up with the master agreement because of those three pesky letters.  Just let me know if this causes a problem for either of you. In case you'd like to reference it, the deal number we're attempting to modify is 573679 - it's a buy from Sierra done by Chris Foster on the 10th of April.  Thanks again for all your help. Kate 503-464-7486 
 Okay - I've changed 578812 to Sierra Pacific Power Co. I asked Bill about this and he said he didn't realize the counterparty was in with Sierra Pacific Industries and not Sierra Pacific Power. The Real Time guys pay as little attention as possible to counterparty names, unfortunately.  Thanks for catching this, Kate 
 I've added a comment in each leg of 597246 - "Deal modified from three separate index-forwards to one deal with three legs." Does that work? And I'm checking with John Malowney now to see if the confirm you've already sent out will suffice - he's in a meeting right now. I'll get back to you in a moment.  Thanks, Kate 
 P.S. I'll ask Bill Williams about Geir's transmission deal. Can I ask, though, why it looks like it should be a buy-resale?  Kate 
 Okay - I can forward the contract along on Monday when Chris Foster gets back. Also, I think I'd like Chris and his contact at Sierra to talk over the issue of whether we'll amend the contract to include "Inc." or whether we'll amend the counterparty name in EnPower. I've left a message for Chris regarding this question, and hopefully we'll touch base sometime today. I will let you know as soon as I hear back. (And feel free to nab him for a moment if you see him in the office!)  Thanks, Kate 
 I sent a copy of the agreement to Melissa Murphy via fax. I'll need to get ahold of Chris Foster, who is in your Houston office at the moment, to locate the original. He won't be back in the Portland office until Monday morning. When would you like the original by? Just let me know - we'll get it to you as soon as we can.  Thanks, Kate 503-464-7486 
 Yes - I've been working with Samuel Schott in Global Counterparty and Melissa Murphy. The new name has been entered into the system, and deal # 573679 has been changed from New Counterparty to Sierra Pacific Industries, Inc. (That's the name Sierra Pacific Holding Co. is doing business as.) Thanks for checking in on this, though.  Kate 
 Yes, the correct name does include "Inc." at the end. And yes, Steve Hall said the master agreement works for this trade. He and Bob Ellery at Sierra talked over the agreement and decided to use the name that Sierra Pacific Holding Co. is doing business under. I've changed the deal (573679) in EnPower. Please let me know if you turn up any more questions.  Thanks, Kate 
 Regarding the deal Chris Foster did on 4/6 with Sierra Pacific Holding Co. -  Bob Ellery, Sierra's Director of Energy Resources, and Steve Hall, one of Portland's most expeditious lawyers, have decided to execute the deal under the designation Sierra Pacific Industries, which is also named in the master agreement. We still, however, need this name added to the counterparty list in EnPower.  Thank you all for your help on this, and I appreciate your future assistance in getting this deal out of the "New Counterparty" void.  Kate Symes Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 Motley just entered these last three trades. And Chris Mallory is entering the AEP deal right now. 
 Mike is entering these trades right now.  Kate 
 Anytime! Thanks for all your patience!  Kate 
 It was great to run into you, too. This shrinking world never ceases to amaze me......to end up working in the same building, different industry, over a year later? Crazy. So, on lunch or a beer after work, just let me know the time and place. Lunch is a rarity with me, but I love to have an excuse to breathe fresh air in the middle of the day. And I need to plan ahead as well. I'll keep the week of the 22nd open - sound good?  Talk to you soon. Kate 
 598736 and 598737 have been changed to off-peak hours. But I can't pull up 306927. Is this the right deal number?  Kate 
 Okay! Real Time has finally drilled down on the problem we were having with deal 564094 (STCA buys from EES/HE 9-22 @ $160) and corrected the Real Time sheet to reflect our price. I apologize for the delay in finding the source of the problem, and as it turns out it was just a matter of someone putting the wrong price in the sheet they sent you. Very frustrating, I know, but I've attached the correct sheet nonetheless. Please call or e-mail with questions, and I'm sure I'll hear from you soon!    Thanks, Kate Symes Trading Support 503-464-7486 
 Thanks for following up on this, Melissa. I've forwarded your e-mail on to Chris Foster and asked him to discuss the counterparty name with Bob Ellery, his contact at Sierra Pacific Holding Co. I'll let you know which name we need (or if we need one at all) as soon as I hear back from him.  Thanks again, Kate 503-464-7486 
 Chris - Here's the latest I've heard on our request for a new counterparty name (Sierra Pacific Holding Co.) to be added to EnPower. I faxed the master agreement to Melissa Murphy so the Confirms group could reference it; then she passed the pertinent information along to Samuel Schott in Global Counterparty, whose job it is to set up new counterparties. But it looks like your contact at Sierra is saying this deal should be done with Sierra Pacific Industries - the parent company - rather than Sierra Pacific Holding Co.  Do you have a preference either way? Maybe you could contact Bob Ellery and discuss this. Just let me know which name to add to the deal.  Thanks, Kate 503-464-7486 
 I sent this along to Molly, because, while I hate to admit it, I think she might be better suited to such a daunting task.  K 
 Mike talked to Prebon and changed the prices for these deals accordingly  577823 - $97.95 577824 - $98  Thanks for waiting, Kate 
 I spoke with Chris, and he called Alicia who said she still believes the deal should be for April, not May. Chris said they are in a dispute at this point, because he believes the term should be May. So he asked me to leave the deals alone for the moment, and he will be in touch later today. Would you like me to make a note of this in the comments sections of the deals?  Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   04/11/2001 07:55 AM 
 Diana says Amerex told her both deals were on the same ticket - so she entered deal 577201at 50 mw. I asked her to get ahold of her contact at Amerex to tell them they're checking out incorrectly.  Thanks, Kate 
 Mike is checking with broker. 
 Mike is checking with his broker right now. 
 Here's the latest - The Short Term West Services desk bought power from Sierra Pacific Holding Co. for 4/29 and 4/30. Then, Bob Ellery, our contact there, called the Real Time desk and said they had lost a unit and needed to buy some of the power back from us. The deals are in our system as follows:  594854 EPMI buys Sierra Pac. NP-15 4/29 - 45 mw round-the-clock 4/30 - 40 mw round-the-clock $218 off peak $328 on peak  595714 Short Term West Hourly sells Automated Power Exchange (Sierra's scheduling coordinator) NP-15 4/29 - 19 mw round-the-clock $228 (Total Value = $103,968)  Because Sierra's buy-back was in the Real Time market, we sold to their SC, not Sierra itself. Also, confirm letters don't go out on hour-ahead trades, which could be why you're running into some confusion. Let me know if this helps, and I'll continue to look for a deal flowing on 4/30. The Real Time group told me there was one, but it's only for the first 6 hours, not the whole day.  I'll get back to you soon.  Kate 
 Chris - Looks like these deals might have been entered for the wrong term. I'll check with Jeff on this, but if you recognize that the terms are wrong, please let me know and I can fix them. Here are the deals:  576274 STCA buys ARCO SP-15 May-01 On Peak 15 MW @ $260  576275 STCA buys ARCO SP-15 May-01 Off Peak 15 MW @ $135  Thanks for checking on this. Kate 
 BLOOMBERG 577573 - changed to Aquila 577533 - added .005 broker fee  AMEREX 577873 - LTNW sells EES/Cal'07-Cal'10/Off Peak/$44.50  PREBON 577849 - Jeff Richter buys BP (changed broker to Prebon)  AMEREX I see several sales to Puget in Diana's blotter at a $375 price, only one with Amerex, and it's for 50 MW. I'll need to get ahold of her in the morning to verify the brokers on these. I'll let you know as soon as I do.  Thanks, Kate 
 This is the price Prebon quoted to Mike tonight - he'll be checking in the morning to see what the spread should have been.  Thanks, Kate 
 577824 sell sempra np Q2-02 $80  This is the other side of the EES sleeve - Prebon gave Mike these prices, and he couldn't get ahold of them tonight, so we'll check in the morning.  Kate 
 Mike is taking care of these changes right now. 
 577133 - I just added APB for the broker. 
 All these deals have been changed to FPL Energy Marketing.   Stephanie Piwetz   04/10/2001 02:27 PM 
 These have been changed to CAISO. 
 To re-cap:  I've changed three Short Term West Hourly deals to reflect what all parties have agreed to - EPMI sells to Sierra Pacific Holding Co., HE 23-24 on 4/28, HE 1-24 on 4/29, and HE 1-6 on 4/30. Instead of selling to the Automated Power Exchange, we'll be using them as the broker, paying a $.03 per MW fee, and selling to Sierra Pacific. Following are the changed deal numbers, for reference:  595705 595714 595819  I believe this should clear up any discrepancies we had among different counterparties' invoices. Now all we have to do is cross our fingers....no, just kidding. Please let me know if you have questions, or if problems arise from these changes.  Thank you, Kate 
 Here's the path to the California prices sheet:  P:Trading/California/CAScheduling/Cash/Position/CA/2001/feb2001/Cal Prices  Have fun with that. 
 Broker is right - I've changed the deals to Allegheny Energy Supply Co.  Thanks, Kate 
 Hey - Are you guys boycotting CAISO energy?  Kate 
 All these have been changed to CAISO firm energy, and deal 576511 has been changed to Reliant Energy Services. Thanks for catching these. I'm forwarding this e-mail on to the Real Time group (again) as a reminder.  Thanks, Kate 
 Yes, that's correct, Mark says.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   04/10/2001 10:55 AM 
 The following deal has been changed once more. Here are the details:  576468 West Services buys from APX NP-15 Off Peak - 1.8 MW @ $140 10.2 MW @ $150 TOTAL MWH = 96  (572069 stays 12 MW @ $150)  Please call me with questions.  Thanks, Kate 503-464-7486 or 3823 
 I've modified these deals to read as follows:  572069 West Services buys from APX NP-15 On Peak - 12 MW @ $245 for flow 4/6-4/7 Off Peak - 12 MW @ $150 for flow 4/7 TOTAL MWH = 480  576468 West Services buys from APX NP-15 Off Peak - 12 MW @ $140 for flow 4/6 TOTAL MWH = 96  Please let me know if this is correct. (I hope!) And don't hesitate to call me with questions or other deal corrections. I will be running between two different desks today, so if you can't reach me at my regular extension (503-464-7486), I can be reached at 503-464-3823.  Thanks, Kate 
 Deal has been changed to The City of Oakland, a municipal corp., and contact info has been added.  Kate 
 I'm sorry my response has been such a long time coming on this issue, but I've visited with almost every department in our office trying to figure out what happened to this deal. Basically, Idaho got their scheduled cut by the Cal-ISO, which in turn means we have to cut our schedule flowing to Idaho. So Jeremy Morris, one of our California schedulers, cut the first Idaho deal he found and passed the remainder of the schedule to Real Time to fill, which they did in a separate deal. So EPMI and Idaho are in agreement that the schedule got cut, but that we kept them whole by selling the remainder to Idaho in the hour-ahead market.  Now the question is, how do we confirm the deal? From your side, is it better if we leave the deal as-is, or restore it to the original 25 mw off peak and kill the real time deal (which wouldn't really be an accurate representation of what happened)? Just let me know, and we'll do what we can to help.  Thanks, Kate   Stephanie Piwetz   04/02/2001 12:00 PM 
 I spoke with Paul Choi, the mid-marketer who did this deal, and he said the deal should be with The City of Oakland, a municipal corporation, not Port of Oakland. Also, the contact is still Wing Lau @ 510-627-1457. I'll change it when Risk is done with the calc.  Thanks, Kate 
 How in the hell do you get out of work at 3:45? Well, you've inspired me - I'm going to haul ass home and maybe make it there by 6 pm - whoo-hoooooo! But seriously, call me tonight if you get a chance. If not, I'll try you (if I can dig up your home number somewhere) or call when you get into town this weekend. I'll be around, so we HAVE to hang out at least once. 'Kay? Or I'll just stalk you. 'Kay? Take care.  Love, Kate 
 I'm really sorry about the confusion - I actually just got filled in myself. I entered these deals for Mike Swerzbin yesterday, but he gave me an incorrect delivery point (mid-columbia instead of montana system border). Then Cara Semperger, in Scheduling, went in to change the delivery point and felt that the deal should be combined into one with three legs instead of three separate deals.  So, in the end, she killed 597244 and 597245, and added two legs to 597246. I'm not sure she talked to John Malowney about any of this, otherwise he probably would have told her that he already approved the confirm letter.  Please let me know if you'd like comments added to this deal, and I'll do it right away.  Thanks for your help on this, Kate 
 Thank you! 
 deal is in as off peak - did someone already fix it? 
 Sorry - I misread the e-mail. Checked with Jeff Richter - they should be sales, and they're changed in Enpower now.  Thanks, Kate 
 Sean has COB in his trade log. He originally had Mid-C, then crossed it out. Sounds like Amerex just hasn't updated their website with the change. 
 I get a "no records selected" message when I try to pull up 576220. ???? 
 PREBON Both Phil's deals have been changed to buys already, and Mike is entering the AEP sale right now.  Thanks, kate 
 Joanie! I have been soooo busy lately and I'm starting to feel like I sold my soul to the Enron devil. In fact, I have no time to be writing this e-mail right now, but I've been meaning to drop a line and catch up with you. I also just ran into Brigdet (from the class below us at SMA) at lunch - apparently she's married to some baseball player. Crazy! So right away I had to contact my ever-realistic "single" friend to bring me some sanity. I'm actually dating a guy right now, but it still gives me the chills to hear about anyone near my age walking down the toilet...I mean aisle. Anyway, call me, or I'll call you tonight - let's dish! I hope everything's great with you - I expect nothing less. I have lots of interesting stories to tell about how and why I've come to the decision that I'm sending my roommates to rehab.  Love, Kate 503-464-7486 (work) 503-288-6546 (home) 503-819-2181 (cell) 
 fee has been added 
 I just heard from Samuel (thanks for your message!) that I need to send Rhonda new counterparty information in order to get their names added to the system. I called Rhonda, but it turns out she's out of the office for the first part of this week, and her voice mail referred me to Melissa. (That's a short explanation of why I'm sending this info. to all of you.)  Anyway, following is the information connected with the new counterparty name Chris Foster has requested:  Name: Sierra Pacific Holding Company, dba Sierra Pacific Industries Address: PO Box 496028 Redding, CA 96049 Or: 19759 Riverside Ave. Anderson, CA 96007 Phone: (530) 378-8179 Fax: (530) 378-8139 Contact: Director of Energy Resources - Robert Ellery  I also have a copy of the Master Power Purchase and Sale Agreement if you'd like me to fax that over. Just let me know how I can help. We've already entered Chris's deal into the system with "New Counterparty," so the sooner we can change that the better.  Thanks, 